Castle: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castle 
 s2e6 - Vampire Weekend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castle (2009–2016): Season 2, Episode 6 - Vampire Weekend - full transcript 
 A case near Halloween has Castle and Beckett investigating the death of a man in a graveyard, wearing fangs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Vampire Weekend (woman) ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ Come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ gaylord ♪ Hey. Hey. I was--I was just... trying on my Halloween costume. What exactly are you supposed to be? Space cowboy. Okay, "A," there are no cows in space. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "B," didn't you wear that, like, five years ago? So? So don't you think you should move on? I like it. What are you doing up so late anyway? Halloween homework-- "The Pit & the Pendulum," the original "SAW." Have you decided what you're gonna dress up as this year? Perhaps Indira Gandhi, Amelia Earhart? Oh! Hermione? I think I'm gonna skip it. Skip Halloween? Well, dressing up. I'll still hand out candy at the door, But I'm too old to go trick-or-treating anymore. And you know how I feel when the big kids come. I don't want to be that kid. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But you have to go with me. You are my candy beard. Sorry, Dad. You're just gonna have to get another beard. This discussion is not over. So... Have you come up with a name for your parenting project baby egg yet? Wait. Let--let me guess. Zac Eggfron? No. Egg Begley Jr.? I went Dickensian. Paige and I are calling him Feggin. - Get it? - Feggin? Fake baby egg. Wouldn't that be Fa-Kegg? (cell phone rings and beeps) Beckett, what are you doing up so late? (Castle) Ah, I just love this time of year-- Crunchy leaves underfoot, the crisp, clean air, The smell of jack-o'-lanterns all aflame. Yeah, well, you wouldn't say that if you were a cop. Halloween's one of the worst weeks of the year for us. Hmm. The body's already in a graveyard. Someone was trying to save some time. I do love walking through cemeteries. I love their stories. Check out this one. "Elizabeth Dryden, December 3, 1962-?" If they don't even know when she died, What's buried here? Are you wearing suspenders? Oh, yeah. I'm trying on costumes for my annual Halloween party. Costumes are mandatory. What's the story, you guys? (Lanie) Take a look. (Castle) wowch. (Beckett) Are you kidding me? Is that a stake in his heart? Looks like Buffy's visited the Big Apple. Someone thought he was a Vampire. So did he. And they're not plastic pop-ins either. Are you telling me those are real? Or high-end veneers. -Or he's a Vampire. - No I.D. No phone. We got guys sweepin' the area for anything they can find. No witnesses either. (Lanie) Looks like he struggled. I'm thinking he hit his head on this stone Or someone knocked him in the head before he was stabbed. Who would go to the trouble of killing someone that way? Lycans. They've been at war with the Vampires ever since Lucian was murdered in the 15th century... Again, this is just theory. (police radio chatter) Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! What is wrong? If he's a Vampire and you pull that out, He comes back to life. If he does, then we can all go home early. (squishing sound) Oh. Any idea as to who or... What he is? He's human, and the fangs are ceramic veneers. But he has two fresh avulsions near the femoral artery. Bite marks on his thigh? And I found these on his body. They're synthetic. Your killer was wearing a wig. It can't be easy to drive a stake through someone's chest. To break the rib cage, you'd have to pound it in with a rock. Someone didn't wash their hands before the stabbing. Check out these black smudges. You know, have C.S.U. run the stake. Any match on the vic's prints? Nothing in the system, and no hits with missing persons, no I.D. But he has professional veneers. Yeah. So? I know the best fangmaster in the city. Maybe he could identify him. Fangmaster? ♪ ♪ (buzzes) ♪ ♪ (Beckett) I hope this is for real, Castle, Because if it's not, we're shortchanging our John Doe. Oh, trust me. I can't believe you've never heard of this place. I get all my costumes here. (gasps) We can use this opportunity to find you one for my Halloween party. How about... Slutty nurse? Fantasize all you want, Castle. I am not trying on costumes for you. No? Why not? You already got one Who says I'm even coming to your party? (ding) Richard Castle. Change your mind? I'd love to fit you with a nice set of doubles. Uh, official police business today, doc. Detective Beckett, I would like to introduce you To Dr. Barry Frank-- dental genius and fangmaster extraordinaire. He did, uh, Brad Pitt's veneers for "Interview with a Vampire." So what can I do for you? The master is in. We're investigating a homicide, and our victim had some work done. We were hoping you could help identify him. Oh. That's Crow. I did his veneers about, uh, I don't know, two months ago. Crow? Oh, people in the Vampire fetish community, They give up their mundane names. You're not gonna find any Daves or Chucks or Megs here. He seemed like a nice kid. What happened? That's what we're trying to figure out. We were hoping you would have a legal name or a billing address. Sure. Just, uh, let me look it up. Thank you. Castle, what are you doing? (muffled voice) Do these make me look immortal? Do you want to, uh, go get something pierced? No. Do you? Uh, wow. (woman) This is Matthew's apartment. You'd think he'd be trouble, but Matthew was a quiet kid, shy. Had, you, uh, heard or seen anything unusual lately? The vampire thing was a little weird, but my first husband was a civil war reenactor. So you tell me, which is weirder? (Castle) Ah, he was quite the artist. (woman) Yeah, but mostly comic books. It reminds me of early Frank Miller. Which Frank--epic comic or Dark Horse years? Oh, my god. That is the sexist thing I ever heard you say. I had no idea you were interested in comic books. Oh, Castle. The things you don't know about me could fill a book. Hey. Check this out. He was developing a graphic novel. He's talented. Did Crow ever talk about his family? Well, he never mentioned any. I just figured he was pretty much on his own, a loner. It looks like he went to the Barker School of Design. There's only a partial social. But we should be able to track down his next of kin through the school. He ever have any friends or visitors to his apartment? He brought a girl here once or twice. She was one of them. You could see them when she smiled. They did have a big fight the other night. She was screaming bloody murder. What did she look like? Uh, she had long black hair, to her tush-- - Long black hair? - Yeah. Did you get a name? No. He told me that she was famous or something. Uh, he said she had her own web site on the internet. Well, we could check his browser history. (Bach's "Toccata and Fugue in d minor" playing) Hmm. You think they're real? Uh, the fangs, I mean. (Ryan) Vampire mistress Vixen. Her Coven is called the Den of Iniquity. Coven? Yeah, a Vampire Coven is like joining a church or a club. You like to play golf. I like to play golf. You like to drink blood. I like to drink blood. What? I... I used to go out with a girl who was into the lifestyle. What happened? Did the relationship suck? (Castle) Oh! (laughs) (laughs) The deal breaker? She wanted to have sex in a coffin. I'm open-minded. I'm not that open-minded. (Beckett) All right. Did our mistress of the night have a phone number Or an address? Uh, only an e-mail. However, there is information on the Coven's next gathering, Which meets tonight. (beep) Damn. You need a password. Or an old girlfriend. (laughs) Hey. Whoa. I haven't seen her in, like, a year. Fine, but I am not sleeping with her. ♪ (♪ I don't want to be here waiting ♪ ♪ inside misery ♪ ♪ just waiting alone, and I try to... ♪ ♪ be alone with you ♪ I'm looking for Vixen. Coming by. Pardon me. Excuse me. ♪ inside misery... ♪ (laughs) ♪ (exhales and chuckles) ♪ ♪ Castle 2x06 ♪ Vampire Weekend Original Air Date on October 26, 2009 You're, uh, sanguinarians? Blood drinkers. All of our blood play is legal and consensual. We're not here about the club. Do you know somebody named Matthew Freeman? Who? Crow. Crow? Sure. Why? Is he in some kind of trouble? We found him in a cemetery. Someone put a stake through his heart. (scoffs) What is this, some kind of joke? Let's go make fun of the Vampires? It's not a joke. No way. What? (voice breaks) Who would want to kill Crow like that? We were hoping you could tell us? Where were you last night between 11:00 P.M. And midnight? (normal voice) I was here. W-wait. You don't think I'm responsible? We found synthetic hairs on his body from a black wig And bites on his thigh. But I didn't kill him. He was one of my lovers. So you saw him yesterday? Mid-afternoon. He left at 3:30. Oh, my god. It's so awful. - Vixen. - He's really dead? We have a witness who told us that you were fighting recently. Yes, because he'd been seeing someone else. Ultimately, we forgave him. Yesterday, we were... Making up. That's why you found my hair on him. You said he was seeing someone else. Daemon. Daemon fell in love with Crow and his art and talked him into writing a graphic novel. That's why he's dead. Their graphic novel, "Blood Everlasting," is about a Vampire in New York City. Only the guy that they were basing it on was real and dangerous. A real Vampire? He thinks he is. His name's Morgan Lockerby. He was an original member of this Coven, But something happened to him. He lost all hold of reality. He started believing that this was real. N-now he only comes out at night and hangs out at the cemetery. (sighs) It was just crazy. How do we find this Lockerby? He's homeless, but Daemon probably knows. Daemon have a last name? I don't know his real name. He was Crow's boyfriend, not mine. You know, what is it with these people and their dressing up like Vampires-- The Covens, the--the drama? Well, it's not about the costumes or the makeup. A lot of the people who are committed to the fantasy are a little different. They're just looking for a place to fit in. Okay, that I get. It's just this whole fascination with the macabre-- The drinking of the blood, the sharing of the blood, The, uh, having sex in coffins. Mm. Psychology 101--they probably had something happen to them when they were younger. Maybe they saw their dog get hit by a car, Attended an open-casket funeral, Had a loss of a childhood friend or... Parent. (police radio chatter) Some people become Vampires. Some people become cops. Okay. Then where did your fascination with the macabre come from? What happened to you? (Esposito) Yo. That art school registration info? Court order from Barker came through for Matthew Freeman, A.K.A. Crow. His family's in Connecticut. Phone number's there. How'd it go at the club? Um, Morgan Lockerby. Run him and see what you can find. And see if you can find Crow's friend Daemon. Does he have a last name? I'm not even sure that's his real first name. (mutters) What? You guys are detectives. Detect. Luck. Thanks. Are you okay? I-I hate this part. The, uh, phone call that changes everything. I could stay if you like. Oh, no. Thank you. Sometimes it's easier without an audience. (click) (Beckett) Mr. and Mrs. Freeman, do you have any idea who would try to harm your son? No. Matthew was very private about his life. There was little we knew about his so-called friends. Mom. (man) I knew those people were dangerous. I shoulda stopped him from getting involved. Alan. He was registered at the Barker School of Design. Did he ever attend? No. He--he dropped out. And when was the last time you saw Matthew? It's been months since we've seen Matthew. No, it was Crow now. He came home. He was dressed in black. He had skulls tattooed on his arm... (voice breaking) eyeliner on his eyes, fangs. I shoulda gotten tougher on him. See? He was just a... a normal little boy. And then he fell in love with art. (sniffles) Then he got moody and--and... (sniffles) He started hanging out with those people. When did you hear from him last? He called a couple of days ago and he left a message. (crying) and he sounded upset. (Alan) But we never found out why. (Esposito) Tough one? Yeah. They're all tough. So you got anything? Yeah, Vixen's alibi checked out. We've been talking to Crow's Coven friends and searching through Vampire web sites. So far, no Daemon. What about Lockerby? Morgan Lockerby-- psychiatric disorder, 35, committed by the state. That's the good news. Bad news is, he escaped a few years back. Nobody's seen him since. Got an address on file? No. He's completely off grid. What's your shadow doing? I don't know. Last time I saw him, He was sifting through evidence from Crow's apartment. Hmm. So are you going? - To what? - His Halloween party. I don't know. He throws a lot of parties. You? Are you kidding? I'm all over that. Hmm. What are you gonna wear? You want to know? You gotta show... To see what I got going on. Hot on the case, Castle? On the case of a good read. It's actually not bad. Esposito found Morgan Lockerby. You mean... Morlock. Vixen was right. You smell like cherries. Hey, we got a hit on the... Are we interrupting something? - No. - Yes. Okay. Wh-what'd you get a hit on? (clears throat) The, uh, prints from the stake in Crow's heart. - Your girl Vixen was right. - Morgan Lockerby. Only thing is, he's one of the great unfindables. No address, no phone number, no trail. Maybe not. Here. Recognize that corner? That's Broome and Clinton, lower East Side. I think Crow may have drawn us a road map to Morlock. (door opens) (whispers) It's that way. You gotta be kidding me. (Ryan) You think he's in there? (Esposito) It is daytime. If he thinks he's a Vampire, that's where he'd be. I'll cover you. Together? All right. On three. Okay. - One... - One... - Two... - Two... - Three. - Three. (laughs) It's empty. (Ryan) You see him jump? (laughs) Real macho, Castle. (laughs) [ air whooshes ] Hey! He hey, hey, hey! Get him off! Get him off! Get him off me! Get him off of him. Aah! He bit me. Look! He is a Vampire. (groaning) (muttering) He's not a Vampire. But his skin burned when the light hit him. He has porphyria. Some people call it the Vampire disease. Its symptoms include extreme photosensitivity. (muttering continues) The skin blisters when it's exposed to the sun. Victims are prone to hallucinations, paranoia. That explains his psych diagnosis. Exactly how contagious is it? It's a genetic disease. Besides, I put enough antibiotics on that bite to kill a small animal. Now if we're done here, I gotta head back to the slab And see a man about a corpse. Thank you, Dr. Parish. Castle was totally freaked out. You want to bite me? You buy me dinner. (Morgan muttering) (muttering continues) Mr. Lockerby. (mutters) (muttering) Morlock, do you know somebody named Crow? Heartless bitch! Spots all over. S-spots all over. Were you in the cemetery with Crow? Blood all over! Blood all over. There's been a murder, Mr. Lockerby. Do you understand that? (mutters) Were you in the cemetery with Crow? We found a wooden stake with your fingerprints all over it. Ah! The cat creeps in to kill the bird. I should've buried you then, wicked boy. I should've buried you then. Can--I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I don't want to tell the public defender how to do her job, but I'm gonna say that the insanity plea might be appropriate. Maybe the state psychiatrist can help us make sense out of Morlock's rantings before they take him away. (telephone rings) Beckett. Okay. Thanks. That was the lab. They were calling me to tell me that the smudge on the stake was India ink. Morlock must have gotten some on his hands going through a dumpster. India ink? Yeah. Why? India ink, or Chinese ink, has been used since 4th century B.C. when it was called masi. It's water-resistant, so it won't smudge when colored over. It's also the ink used by letterers in comic books. So if Crow was the illustrator... Then Crow's friend Daemon was the letterer. But what would the ink be doing on the stake? What indeed. You guys, where are we on the friend? We're working on it. Yeah? Well, could you work a little faster? Hey, Castle, you wanna help? I would love to, But I have got bigger pumpkins to carve. (man) ♪ It was Halloween night at the Castle Hall ♪ ♪ and everybody came to the Monster's Ball ♪ (tool whirring) How's your Nosferatu coming? The key to a good jack-o'-lantern Is understanding negative space. It's not what's there. It's what's not there. Ah, I have taught you well, grasshopper. Oh. What are my two pumpkin masters carving for this year's party? I am carving the traditional jack-o'-lantern-- Mr. Scary pumpkin face. Aw. And I am carving Max Schreck in his role as Count Orlok. Dad's a little Vampire obsessed because of his case. Mm-hmm. Or maybe it's because of the bite. (slaps neck) I swear, you have missed your calling. I don't even know why you bother to write. Hey, you want to carve with us? Oh, can't. I'm off to a masquerade ball. Perhaps I'll meet my Gatsby. - Oh. - Oh! Mother, I'm impressed. You still fit into your prom dress. Oh, thank you, darling. (lowered voice) Have you asked him yet? (lowered voice) I was waiting for the right moment. Oh. (lowered voice) Asked me what? (normal voice) Paige and I got invited to a party tomorrow-- The night before Halloween-- by seniors. By your grandmother's friends? No, dad. Twelfth graders. But it'll be supervised. (sighs) This is one of those crossroads moments, isn't it? Oh, let her go. She's far more responsible than you ever were. Yes, you can go. But if anything happens that makes you feel uncomfortable, Anything at all, you call me. I don't care what it is. And there'll be no punishments, no recriminations, Nothing, I promise, just so long as you call. Yeah, yeah, I will, I promise. But nothing's gonna happen. But there's one more thing, though. Yes. - Will you watch Feggin? - Why, is he gonna hatch? No. Our health teacher says we can't leave him alone. That's considered egg abuse. And since Paige and I are co-parenting, And we're both going to the party And her parents are going out, we need a sitter. Oh, no. Sorry. Uh, plans. Yeah, okay. Sure. I'll watch your little egg child. But I want you to know, I'm far too young to be a grandparent. And if, uh, any of those senior boys bother you... (imitates Norman Bates) Father won't be quite himself. (tool whirring) (laughs evilly) (coughs) (Beckett) He mumbles, He shouts, he throws himself against the bars, But there's just something about it. Although someone like Mr. Lockerby will present as completely non compos mentis... Mm-hmm. He could still have moments of lucidity. The difficulty is separating the fantasy from the reality. Well, these were drawn by our victim. I was wondering if they suggested anything about his relationship with Mr. Lockerby. I'd have to study them more to give you a diagnosis, But these are more about the woman in the drawings than Lockerby. What do you mean? He draws her as an angel, But always in the context of an act of violence. Honestly? It looks to me like the work of someone who was once traumatized. Uh, childhood trauma. What'd I tell you? Doc Holloway, this is Richard Castle. Dr. Holloway. Say hello to the nice psychiatrist, Feggin. Hello. I will arrange for someone from social services to come get Mr. Lockerby. And if you want, I can have someone get him, too. (whispers) Yes, please. (normal voice) Are you gonna eat that? Eat my own grandchild? What am I, a monster? Maybe that bite was catching. It's a school health sciences project-- Helping de-romanticize having a family Before you're ready to take responsibility. Mm. Alexis and Paige are going to their first senior party tonight, so I'm babysitting. - Egg-sitting. - Senior party, huh? What? (telephone rings) Beckett. (mouths word) We showed Crow's picture around the neighborhood. We got a lead on his friend Daemon. You're not gonna believe this. The guy is dead. Shot right through the heart, and his place has been tossed. Oh... And, uh... He's a Werewolf. (police sirens) Silver bullet? No, 9 millimeter. Then I guess he's not a real Werewolf. Nice. The hairs on his face and hands are synthetic, Attached with spirit gum. It's a Halloween costume. According to his driver's license, Daemon's real name was Jonas Westfall. He's a graduate student-- N.Y.U.-- In forensic anthropology. Then that explains the bones. - Castle, don't touch. - I know. (Ryan) Canvassed the building. Neighbor remembers hearing something the other day, but that was a car backfiring. The other day? Based on deterioration and lividity And the smell of that old Thai food, Wolf boy was killed the same day as our Vampire. I'd say a couple of hours before. Ryan, track down the delivery guy. Find out when this was delivered and whether anyone else was up here when he brought it. "come as your alter ego"? "October 27th at 7:00 P.M." Our guy was going to this party. Same day that Crow was killed. (Lanie) I assume there's a connection. (Castle) Hey. India ink, Which means Crow's killer was in the apartment, too. (Beckett) But what were they looking for? Castle. Morlock? He comes here, shoots Daemon, grabs a stake Goes off and kills Crow. And in the struggle, the ink bottle is broken. Wasn't Morlock. This victim was killed during the day. Morlock had porphyria. He would've burnt to a crisp. So if he didn't kill our Werewolf... Then chances are he didn't kill our Vampire. Well, then how did the prints get on the stake? Maybe he was trying to help him. Maybe he was trying to save his friend. Are you sure about the time of death? His watch broke when he fell. It says 4:00, October 27th. Well, then if it wasn't Morlock, who was it? And what were they looking for? Uh... I don't know what they were looking for, but I think I know what our vic was hiding. So Jonas Westfall, A.K.A. Daemon, was inches away from getting his master's in forensic science from N.Y.U. This all looks like part of his research. I went through a bone collecting phase when I was a kid. So whatever happened to you happened when you were young. What was it, Castle? Did you witness a murder? Or did you skin your knee and it bled? Hmm. Speaking of trauma, I wonder how late Alexis is gonna be at her party. Little Feggin is suffering from separation issues. Come on, Castle. You know mine. Tit for tat. Just because I've seen your tat Doesn't mean I'm gonna show you my... Check this out. Uh, dated two years ago-- "a murdered woman was unearthed in the Pennsylvania woods "above Lehigh River late Sunday night. "investigators say she'd been buried in the shallow grave for years." And? "based on the remains, investigators have attempted a forensic reconstruction of the murdered woman's face." That's the woman from Crow's drawings. Yet in the graphic novel, she consistently appears as the Angel of Death. Okay, so Crow became obsessed with Daemon's case study. Why would they go to this much trouble to hide it? Why would someone kill to find it? - Castle. - Hmm? These sketches were drawn four years ago. No, no that's impossible. This body wasn't discovered until two years ago. So either Crow is psychic or... Or he knew this woman before she died. (cell phone rings and beeps) Hey, Alexis. How you doing? Everything okay? No, dad. It's Paige. I think the punch is spiked, and she had too much to drink. I'm afraid something's gonna happen to her. I'm on my way. Oh, my god. Is she all right? I don't know. She was swapping drinks for kisses, and I tried to pull her away, but she wouldn't let me. Would you get me a glass of water? (Paige, slurring words) leave me alone, 'lexis. Paige. Now you're sure she hasn't been throwing up or unconscious? - No, just falling down. - All right. Call her parents. (slurring) Don't do it. Oh, my 'rents... 'urder me. Don' do it, Mr. Castle. Jus' let me sleep over. What is she saying? It's just drunk talk. She says don't call her parents or they'll murder her. Just let her sleep over. Do we have to call her parents? We do. Get me their number. She'll get in so much trouble. Less than if you had left her there. (mouths word) Now. (keypad beeps) Try to get her to drink that. Please. Adora. That's what he called her. We've seen her in Matthew's artwork for years. Do you know who she is? No, we just assumed that she was a figment of his imagination. He called her his own personal ghost. He said she appeared in his dreams and nightmares. Well, she's not a figment. She's very real. Are you sure you don't recognize her? Because she could be anybody. She could be a teacher, a neighbor. No, I-I'm certain. We've only seen her in his art. Do you know if your son experienced anything traumatic when he was younger? What do you mean? I showed some of Matthew's drawings to one of our therapists, and he said that it looked like he might have witnessed something disturbing, Seen something very violent. I-I really can't think of anything. Do you have any of Matthew's earlier drawings of this woman? No. He took it all with him when he left. Yeah. Um, you might want to check the portfolio with his application for Barker. All the work he cared about, he put in there. Thank you, Rosie. We'll look into it. What, no Castle? Uh, no. He had a late night. What's up? I was talking to the Pennsylvania state police about our victim's mystery woman, and they said I was the second person to call in the last two weeks about the woman they found in the woods. Did they tell you who else called? Jonas Westfall. - Daemon. - Yep, our Werewolf. And their forensics expert determined that the woman died 18 years ago from a gunshot wound to the chest from a 9-millimeter handgun, same as Daemon. So I thought, what the hell? Compare the ballistics. The bullets... are a match. Two murders that many years apart? Anything on the mystery woman? Mnh-mnh. Still haven't I.D.'ed her. You know, Crow would've been 2 years old when that woman was killed. Do you remember anything from when you were that young? Beckett. Crow's portfolio? Yeah. And there's something you gotta see. (Ryan) Look familiar? (Beckett) It's the same tree, Just like where the body was found. You don't draw something with that precision from a dream. He's remembering it. Crow witnessed that woman's murder when he was 2 years old. He had to have been with someone--a sitter or a family member or maybe even the killer. Run a background check on the Freemans. Find out where they were living 18 years ago. You got it. Hey, Castle. Alexis okay? She's, uh... She's a smart kid. You took care of Feggin. Yeah, well, he was... easy. He didn't even fuss when I put him to bed. Yo. Ready for more tales of the weird and strangely odd? We looked into the Freeman family history. Freeman is Janice's maiden name. When she and Alan got married, Alan took her name and so did Matthew. Well, he's either a feminist or he's hiding something. What's Alan's original last name? McGinty. And I think he was hiding something. Alan's first wife, Elizabeth McGinty, went missing from Summit, New Jersey, 18 years ago. She was never found. Alan lied to us. He knew exactly who his son was drawing. He was drawing his real mother. And Summit's only a couple of hours from where the body was found. Elizabeth McGinty, maiden name Dryden. Dryden? Elizabeth Dryden. - What? - Question mark. Remember what I told you about gravestones telling stories? (Beckett) Crow came here for a reason. So cemetery management said that the family had a memorial service for their daughter about five years after she went missing. Daemon must have looked at hundreds of reconstructed faces researching his thesis. I can't imagine the shock when he recognized one as the woman from Crow's drawings. And Crow must have realized his family had been lying to him all these years. (Beckett) Huh. Fresh flowers on her grave. Crow brought his father here to confront him with his mother's grave. All of these years, You knew your son was drawing his mother, and you never said anything. I was protecting my family. You were protecting yourself. You're a cold-blooded killer. You killed your wife, and then reported her missing, and then 18 years later when your son found out, you killed him as well. - No... You don't have to respond to that. No, no, no, no. She's accusing me of killing my son. Yes, I lied to Matthew, but I did it to protect him. I thought he was too young to understand. You were a suspect. Of course I was a suspect. I was her husband. There wasn't any evidence that tied me to her disappearance 'cause I had nothing to do with it. When Janice and I got married, it was like a chance... A chance at a fresh start. And so as soon as you were legally able, you married your nanny. Janice was there for us during a very dark time in our lives. We had press on the lawn. There were days without sleep. I was handing out flyers with Lizzy's picture on it. And Janice kept it together, and she protected Matthew. Then why would you lie to us? You told us in front of our daughter. What did you want me to do, tell her that everything she thought was a lie? Rosie adored Matthew. She had just found out he died. What would you have done? I would've told her the truth. He was 9 years old when he first drew her face. He showed it to me. I thought I was seeing a ghost. I figured... She was still somewhere in his head from his early memories. But we'd been living a lie for so long, it had become the truth. So how could I possibly tell him that Janice wasn't his mother, that his real mother ran away? Are we through here, Detective? Not by a long shot, Lawson. The Connecticut state police found a 9-millimeter handgun in your client's home, and I am just betting that that is the same gun that killed Elizabeth Dryden McGinty and Jonas Westfall. - No, I-- - Don't say anything, Alan. Oh, yeah. And there's also this. Your son witnessed his mother's murder. No. That's not possible. How... How is this possible? Here. Thank you. Ahem. Excuse me. Um, how much longer are you people gonna keep us waiting without letting us know what is going on? We are trying to find the answers, Mrs. Freeman. (scoffs) - Spots. - What? "Spots all over. Blood all over. I should've buried you then, you wicked boy." What are you talking about? Morlock's crazy talk. It's just like Paige's drunk talk. You have to translate it. - Is Morlock still in holding? - Yeah. Mrs. Freeman, I am so sorry this is taking so long. But as long as you have to wait, you might as well be comfortable. Have you seen our vending machines? Uh, straight through here. Right. Just to the left here. Perfect. Right in there. Excellent. Straight through. Oh, wrong turn-- Aah! Heartless bitch! Spots murdered the Crow! Murderer! Murderer! What a small world. (sobs) (groans and whimpers) (Beckett) Here you go. Thank you. Why? She killed Elizabeth so that she could have you to herself. And then she murdered Matthew and his friend Daemon so that you would never find out. Matthew didn't know who to trust, so he asked Daemon to hide the evidence, which ended up being smarter than he ever realized. She knew that it was only a matter of time before they figured out the truth about what she had done. So she followed Daemon to his apartment and shot him. She used the same gun that she used to kill your first wife. What about my son? (clears throat) He was on his way to the cemetery to, uh... lay down flowers at his mother's grave. And when she saw the stakes in Daemon's apartment, she figured that she could lay blame on the people in your son's life that you already hated. (voice breaking) She raised him. She was like his mother. He was a constant reminder of what she had done. And when he turned on her... she wasn't his mother anymore. (crying) - Daddy! - Oh, sweetie. Oh. It's--it's okay. (Rosie crying) It's gonna be fine. It's okay. We're gonna be fine, sweetheart. Everything's gonna be okay. I hope this doesn't destroy her. It will for a little while. And then one day, she'll wake up, and it'll just be a part of her life. Who knows? Maybe she'll become a writer. Or a cop. You know, you still haven't told me where your fascination with murder came from. I was 5 years old. We were summering in the Hamptons. I was pretty much left to my own devices. Mm-hmm. This one day, I was walking along the beach. I was miles from where I had started. I was just about to turn back when I saw something had washed up on the beach. I thought, maybe it's a-a whale or a turtle or a sea lion. So I ran over to see what it was. What was it? It was a boy... my age. It was our housekeeper's son. It must have just happened... 'cause the tide hadn't washed away the blood. We had just played hide and go seek the day before. What happened to him? They never found out. I'm so sorry, Castle. You made that up? (laughs) It's what I do! You know what? You are so getting it for that one. The party is at 9:00. I cannot wait to see what you're wearing. (man) ♪ Small hands ♪ Hey. You're... You're not in your costume. (voice breaking) I'm gonna stay upstairs. Not really in a party mood. ♪ Such a thing is forever ♪ What's wrong? ♪ Paige was so angry with me, she sabotaged our science project. She killed Feggin. She said it was an accident, but I know she did it on purpose to get back at me. Oh, that is so wrong on so many levels. How could she take care of him the way we did and then just destroy him? I don't know. I think that's... That's one reason why I write about it. The way some people behave just... bewilders me. I'll tell you this, though. There is nothing you could do that would stop me from protecting you or supporting you. Even if I get a "D" in science? Even if you get an "F." (exhales) (sniffles) - (sniffles) -Now... go get changed. (dramatic voice) The goblins and ghouls shall be arriving soon. (normal voice) You got a spider on you. Aah! (woman) ♪ come on ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ oh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ you know that you want it now, ♪ ♪ come on ♪ Careful. That is a potion of my own concoction. Drink it, and who knows who or what you might become. Also, you might wonder what happened to your pants. Ooh. Sounds like my kind of party. (laughs) (chuckles) You throw a great shindig for a 19th-century poet, Mr. Poe. (Martha) Well, I've always told him, "Darling, if you're gonna do something, do it big or don't do it at all." Is that why you chose that hat? Oh, really. Hey, Castle. Who you lookin' for--Beckett? No. Why? (mouth full) She said she wasn't sure she'd make it. She had some paperwork to finish up. -But it's still early. - Hmm. (Beckett) Hey, Poe. Looking for me? You're you. You sound so disappointed, Castle. I said costumes mandatory. I mean, dress up. You know, be a little scary. Yeah, well, I was going for sexy. ♪ (costume pops out) screeches! Jeez! Ooh. Now we're even. ♪ reddiup I'm giving you the bird. (laughing) ♪ come on ♪ transcript by honeybunny sync, corrections [HI] elderman 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 