Castle: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castle 
 s2e7 - Famous Last Words - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castle (2009–2016): Season 2, Episode 7 - Famous Last Words - full transcript 
 A singer is found dead, hanging upside down on a fire escape. Ultimately it's Alexis who helps solve the case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There are two kinds of folks who sit around thinking about how to kill people: Psychopaths and mystery writers. I'm the kind that pays better. Who am I? I'm Rick Castle. Castle. Castle. I really am ruggedly handsome, aren't I? Every writer needs inspiration and I found mine. Detective Kate Beckett. Beckett. Beckett. - "Nikki Heat"? - The character he's basing on you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And thanks to my friendship with the mayor, I get to be on her case. I'd be happy to let you spank me. And together we catch killers. We make a pretty good team, you know. Like Starsky and Hutch. Turner and Hooch. You do remind me a little of Hooch. Hey. What's wrong? Dad, they're saying she's dead. Who's dead? Hayley Blue. The Gawker website just posted it. The girl from the band you like? They say they found her body in an alley in Chelsea. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Angel, are you sure it's not just a rumor? I mean, those gossip blogs, they don't really check facts. They were right when they said Hayley was breaking up the band to go solo. Look, if there was any truth to it, I'm sure Detective Beckett would've called by now. Broken neck. At least that's my prelim. No wallet, no phone, no ID. - She doesn't need ID. - You know her? - Are you sure it's her? - That's Hayley Blue. I took Alexis to see her band, The Blue Pill, last year. What happened? Well, it looks like she was killed off-site, then brought here and staged. Time of death? I'd say between midnight and 3:00 a.m., give or take. - Do you guys hear that? - What? The song. It's playing again. Well, that's gotta be a message, right? All right, have CSU bag this. Check the body. Fibers, prints, the whole works. Guy could've tossed the body in a dumpster, instead he hangs her from a fire escape. He is sending a message. It's about time you got back. We've got a very persistent citizen waiting to ask you some questions. Alexis, what are you doing here? How come you're not at school? I have study hall first period. Dad, is it true? Uh, yeah, sweetie. I'm afraid so. - What happened? Was it the drugs? Doesn't look like it. Why? - She have a drug problem? Well, she used to. She went to rehab three months ago, after her friends - found her choking on her own... - Okay! You know... You know what, I think it's time we reset the parental controls on your computer. Please. I had to set parental control on your computer, remember? - Speaking of which... - No! Beckett! - Yeah? Street was negative for cameras. We got a dozen shoeprints off the alley, size five through 11. Checked her DMV records online. She moved from the address they had listed three months ago. That was about the same time that Hayley went into rehab. But check this out. I ran a search for that song on Hayley's iPod, Here, Kitty, Kitty. Look what popped up. - A music video? - See if this looks familiar. - Is that how you found her? - Does that mean anything to you? Yeah. Hayley wrote this song about some obsessed fan - who was stalking her. Do you know who he was? Wait. There might be something in the song. Play it again. "Sitting back and plotting." Sounds like she thought he was dangerous. Yeah. Listen. Here's the part. "50 feet or less." She got a restraining order against him. All right, run it and get me a name. - And you will go off to school. - But I was just helpful. Yes, but if I let you out of class every time you were helpful, you'd never go. But I won't be able to focus on school today. I just can't concentrate. Which will make you just like all the other kids in your class. - Dad. - I am serious, or I will call the truant officer. Do you still have truant officers? - Budget cuts. - You're so lucky. Found your stalker. Franco Marquez, aka Frankie Markie. Hayley filed half a dozen complaints against him. It says here that he even tried to break into her apartment. And when she filed against him, he showed up in court and called her a B-l-T-C-H. - She can spell, Detective. - Probably better than you. - Bring him in. - And you, to school. - Fine. - Thank you. - What? - Nothing. It's just, I'm so used to you acting like a 12-year-old all the time, it's kind of refreshing to see you as a father. Makes you want me, right? And there's the 12-year-old again. - Who're you calling? - Alison King Rehab Center. It's where all the stars go to clean up. Figured Hayley must've given them her home address on her exit interview. If Hayley cleaned up, that's where she would have gone. Mrs. Busch, the rehab center said that you and your husband paid for her treatment and that she moved in with you after she left the facility. Yeah. She'd become like family. Do all record producers pay for their artists to go to rehab? No. Most just score them drugs and then look the other way. Manager gets them some pot so they can relax. The producer gets them some blow so they can... So they can work. Then someone gets them heroin. By the time we got to Hayley, she was already hooked. We told her our door was always open if she wanted to get clean. She was always better than that band. She was the talent. When they finally broke up, she wanted off the drugs. - So we took her in. - She was ready. She was recording again. And to be killed by a fan... Actually, we don't know for sure that it was Franco. - You don't? - No. But you weren't there in the middle of night when she was waking up screaming, terrified that something like this was gonna happen. We were supposed to protect her. We should've tried harder to find her. To find her? Last Monday, she didn't show up at the studio for a session. When we got home, she was gone. So were her clothes, her watch, her jewelry. - Anything she could sell. We figured... - She'd relapsed. We tried calling her, but her cell phone was disconnected. It, you know... It wasn't like her to just disappear. Something spooked her. - Did Hayley have any family? - Yeah, a sister, Sky. Do you know where we could find her? Wherever she is, she probably has a needle in her arm. When Hayley got out of rehab, all she could talk about was saving Sky. Not that Sky wanted saving, after what Hayley did to her. - What did Hayley do to her? - She got famous. Oh. Excuse me. Beckett. Our fanatic fan is rabbiting. A neighbor saw him leaving with a backpack this morning. From the looks of his place, he left in a hurry. - Any idea where he was going? - Yeah, away. He also charged a bus ticket at Port Authority this morning. He's headed upstate. Bus pulled out five minutes ago. You hear that? - Yeah. Police department. Pull over to the curb! Stand back, everyone! All right, got it. Hands where I can see them, now! Nobody move! Franco Marquez, you're under arrest for the murder of Hayley Blue. Get up. No! Easy! Easy, man. You're hurting me. You guys are so stupid! I loved Hayley. She was my soul mate. Why would I kill her? Why did you run? Huh! When I heard how you found her, I knew what you'd think. "She wrote a song about me, so of course I must've..." Where were you after midnight last night? She played a set at the Bitter End last night. A brand new song. It was like a total surprise. Like, there was no e-mail blast or nothing, so I wasn't there. I asked you where you were, not where you weren't. Someone recorded the concert and posted it online. It's gone totally viral already. So, that's where I was. At home in my room, listening to Hayley's final show. You say "final show" like you knew it was gonna be her last. I did know, so did Hayley. She knew last night she was gonna die. Listen. Her new song. "Death, she grows near." She knew he was gonna kill her last night. And he knew he could frame me when he did. Who are you talking about? I know I'm not supposed to, but... The restraining order... I followed her. I came around the corner, he was yelling at her. He said he was going to kill her. Who said? - Franco, who did you see? - Zack Metzger. Her guitarist. Zack Metzger, guitar god. Juvie records are sealed, but he's got half a dozen priors as an adult. A couple of them are domestic assaults, too. Apparently, he likes to hit women. Look at this guy. If I was a woman, I'd just hit him back. Does he look like a killer to you? Everybody looks like a killer to me, Castle. Job requirement. - Do I look like a killer to you? - Yes. You kill my patience. Hey. So... I just took a report from the receiving officer at the 20th Precinct. - He recognized Hayley from the news. - And? He says Hayley showed up at their door to file a report the day she went missing. - About what? - He doesn't know. She asked to speak with a detective. By the time the receiving officer found one, she'd skipped out. There's only one reason you go to the cops, to report a crime. Or to get help because you think you're in danger. Careful with that guitar when you put that away. We heard about what happened to Hayley. - It sucks, right? - Can I get you a tissue? We have a witness who saw you guys fighting. - So? - So, she's dead now. - Well, I didn't kill her. You sure about that? You sure you didn't get a little high, maybe pull a Hulk smash on your band mate? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. Where were you between midnight and 3:00 a.m. On Sunday night? We had a gig. Gillespie's sweet sixteen over on 82nd. We finished around 1:30. We packed up and we were out by 2:00. Me and Nick shared a cab to Williamsburg. I paid with a credit card. Are we done? Wow. Sweet sixteen parties. When Hayley was with the band, weren't you opening for Pink? What do you guys want me to say, okay? She screwed all of us when she had her little meltdown and decided to go solo. Do I hate her? Yes. - Did I kill her? No. - What'd you guys fight about? Her being a selfish bitch. She found out that we were holding auditions for her replacement, and she had those d-bag producers send us a cease-and-resist letter. Or a cease-and-desist letter. We made the reputation for the name Blue Pill, but she owned it. So, what? She has a meltdown and disappears off the map, and we can't use our own damn name? - Hell, we can't even get arrested now. - Poor choice of words. Beckett. Okay. Hayley's sister is on her way to the morgue to identify the body. Don't leave town. But feel free to bathe. Who's stupid now, huh? Yeah, we need security down here right away. You are! Who's the dead one? - What's going on in there? - Hayley Blue's sister, Sky, is having a very emotional reaction to her sister's death. - Who's dead now, huh? You are! - Sky? Ow. What do you want? 'Cause I'm talking to my sister. I'm Detective Kate Beckett. I'd like to ask you a few questions, if that's okay. - You're a cop? - Yeah. Is that a knife? - Am I breaking the law? - Yeah. - Bad? - Pretty bad. Do you wanna know a secret? I think I might have killed her. How did you kill her? I told her to do the world a favor and drop dead. And then she did. It's funny, she usually doesn't listen to me. Why would you tell her to drop dead? She's your sister. - She was an ass. - When did you see her last? I don't know, Wednesday, Thursday. What day is it today? Where'd you see her? She found me selling a bracelet that she bought me for my birthday. Do you know where she was staying? No. Not since she left Bree and Ian's, the Church of Holier-Than-Thou. She said she was going off the grid. She didn't even have a phone. Secret Agent Clean-and-Sober Hayley Blue. - Why'd she leave their place? - She always leaves. You said she was looking for you last week. Yeah, she had something to tell me. Something important. - What? - I don't know, 'cause I told her to go screw herself. I mean, I really don't need her trying to fix me or trying to save me, or making promises that she knew she wasn't going to be able to keep. - What promises would she make? - She said that I could come back. She said that we were gonna be a team. But I had to get clean. "You gotta clean up, baby girl. You're gonna end up dead." Hmm. Thus, irony. How was I supposed to get clean when she couldn't even do it? Wait a minute, she was using again? Yeah. She was with Tony the day after I saw her. - Who's Tony? - My dealer. She was handing him a wad of cash. I was just thinking, if she was using again, that would explain why she left her producers, but not why she was killed, who killed her, or why she went to the police. What I just said was not confusing enough for your face to do what it's doing. That was Perlmutter. The tox results just got back from the lab. There were no drugs in Hayley's system. She was 100% clean and sober. Then why was she giving a wad of cash to Tony the drug dealer? She didn't want drugs. She wanted a gun. - A gun? - And not a punkass.22, either. A.38. She wanted to put a hole in a brother. Seeing as she's dead, I say I did the right thing at the time. - The girl was scared. - Of what? Didn't say, and I didn't ask. She just wanted the gun. Are you sure? You telling me how to do my job? No, I'm not trying to tell you how to do your job, I just... Good, 'cause that's all you get. Hello? He just hung up on me. There's a reason he hangs out with dead people. So, what did he say? He identified the lipstick that was used to paint a smile on Hayley's face as Daniella Bolan's Velvet Kiss lipstick, Lava Red. Yes, but what about the gun? What'd he say about the gun? Oh. Thought you'd never ask. They found gunpowder residue on Hayley's hands. So not only did she buy a gun, but she used it. But why didn't we find it? That's because we didn't find her where she was killed. So, someone attacked her, someone that she was afraid of. She tries to shoot them. And in the struggle, the assailant breaks her neck, drags her down an alleyway, hangs her upside down, paints a smile on her face, which apparently was a lot like a music video that has nothing to do with our murder. You thought you sounded so smart when you started that sentence, didn't you? Okay, Mr. Mystery-Writer-Man, what's your bestselling theory? - I'm gonna go with the butler. - The butler? That's who we always go with when we run out of ideas. - How about Alexis? - Oh, Alexis. She's perfect. She's peripheral to the case, we don't suspect her, she has no alibi... Okay, I'll tell you what. Why don't you go home and question her, and if she breaks, call me. Hey. If you killed someone, you would tell me, right? Of course. I'd need help hiding the body. - That's my girl. - Hi, darling. - Did you get my text? - Yeah. Did you really meet the rest of The Blue Pill? Yes, I did. And all I can say is, admire them from afar. What are you listening to? It's Hayley's last performance. Oy! She hasn't stopped listening to it all night. It's called Threshold. Yeah. Sounds pretty. Little creepy, though. - Very creepy. - How's it creepy? "Death, she grows near"? It's kind of like Final Destination, but in song form. She doesn't mean "death" death. Well, what other kinds of death are there? Allegorical, metaphoric, symbolic, spiritual, emotional, sexual... Okay, okay, that's quite enough. I think I'm paying far too much for her education. I think this one's symbolic. Hayley was into all sorts of new age-y imagery. Uh... Numerology, astrology, tarot. And in tarot, the Death card doesn't symbolize dying. It symbolizes transformation, change. Listen. "The hands we're dealt," like she's having her cards read. "Death grows near" means change is coming. Oh, oh! That reminds me of sitting around with Lisa Olsen, trying to decode The Beatles' lyrics, spinning the record backwards and to see if "Paul was dead." And who could forget the countless hours I spent pondering the lyrics to Van Halen's Hot for Teacher? Mmm. Sounds like a drama is afoot. Who kissed whom at which bleachers? No. It's the official Blue Pill website. There's a new thread talking about the band getting back together. - What? - Look at this. "Sky Blue is supposed to take Hayley's place as lead singer." "This is all but a done deal." "I heard they're starting rehearsals right away." - "OMG, OMG, OMG." - Look at this one. "A source at John McGinnis Management confirmed it when I called. "The Blue Pill is definitely getting back together." "A Hayley Blue Tribute Tour." I thought you said Hayley wouldn't let the band have the name back. - She wouldn't. - Then how can they use it? Well, Hayley is dead, and Sky's her only family. If Hayley owned the name, then it would go to Sky. You don't think Sky killed her own sister. Sky is 100 pounds dripping wet. The only neck she could break is her own. John McGinnis Management? Who's John McGinnis? Hayley's old manager. She fired him when she got clean. She didn't say his name, but in her interview in Spin last month, she pretty much implied that he's the one that got her hooked to begin with. If the band got back together, he'd have the most to gain. Now, does that man look like a killer to you? Everybody looks like a killer to me. It's a job requirement. You didn't say that about Sky. Just let me have this moment. I told you, Sunday night I was in Philly scouting a band. I hit a motel. I watched a little pay-per-view and I went to bed, which may say something about my taste, - but it does not make me a criminal. - But your rap sheet does. Six counts of misdemeanor possession, two counts of felony possession with the intent to distribute. What do you do, McGinnis? Give them a little taste? Make them need you? Make them depend on you? You wanna know what I do? I make things happen. When I met Hayley and her sister, they were playing open mics at coffee houses in the East Village. Who do you think got her a vocal coach? Who paid for her stylist? I took a third-rate, a third-rate Miley Cyrus and turned her into the next Gwen Stefani. And right before my payoff, she walks away. I... I never... And since she owned the band name, your hands were tied. But now that she's dead, all you needed to do was rope in Sky. Look. The way I see it, the band gets back together, everybody makes a lot of money, everybody's happy. Except for Hayley. Because she's dead. Which will no doubt help us sell lots of tickets when the band goes back on tour. Is that why you killed her? Now, I know my rights here and I'm done talking. You think you've got a case, arrest me. I would love to have that kind of publicity! I never fully appreciated the nuances of the word "skeevy" until just now. Hey, Ryan, did you get the phone records for John McGinnis and McGinnis Management? Yeah, I just got them. - You don't think he did it? - He challenged me to arrest him. He's probably screwed and figures bluffing is his best bet. Ryan, let's cross-reference his calls with our hit list. Find out if he was in contact with anyone from Hayley's inner circle. What about him being in Philadelphia? With the right connections you can kill with a phone call. Yeah, right here. Looks like the day before Hayley died, McGinnis put in a 10-minute phone call to Zack, the guitarist. He hasn't represented the band in months. Why would he call Zack the day before Hayley died? Let's go find out. What is your problem, you freak? You are completely mental! Who the hell do you think you are, loser? Don't you walk away. I'm talking to you. Get the hell away from me! You touch me again, and I swear to God, I will kill you! - Hey! Hey, hey! Hey! It's okay! - Screw you, you stupid whore! - Zack! Stop! Hey. Sky! - No, leave me alone! - What did you do to her? Nothing, man! She attacked me. We were riffing on one of Hayley's songs. One minute, she's singing along, the next minute, she goes postal, starts telling me I'm stealing from Hayley. She's crazy! It doesn't look good, Zack. Beating up one Blue, killing another. - Look, I already told you guys... - Sit down! Sit! Now talk. I already told you guys, I didn't kill Hayley. Okay? I was at the birthday gig, remember? Right. The Gillespies' sweet sixteen. You took three half-hour breaks in between sets, during which no one remembers seeing you. You could have easily slipped away and killed Hayley. Nobody saw me because I didn't want to spark up a pipe in front of a bunch of teenagers. Well, your innate sense of decency is inspiring. Why did you talk to John McGinnis the day before Hayley was killed? - He's my manager! Is that a crime? Ex-manager. He let all you guys go after Hayley disbanded the group. So, why did he call you, Zack? I'll tell you why. You both needed to get rid of Hayley to get the band name back. And he called with a plan. Okay, look, fine. He had a plan, but it wasn't to kill Hayley. - He wanted to find Sky. - Why? He heard that Sky and Hayley were talking again. He wanted me to grease her wheels a bit. What, with your vast array of charms? McGinnis wanted me to give her dope, and have her talk to Hayley, and get the band name back. He knew that the only way to get to Hayley was through Sky. So, I got her wasted, okay? A little too wasted. And I went to go see Hayley myself. You saw Hayley the night that she was killed? You should've told us that, Zack. What, make me look even more guilty to you guys? No. I watch TV, I know how the jury works. These are the little things that get you convicted. - So does lying to cops. - Keep going. Spill it. She was at a coffee house. She was writing songs again. Everything was fine until her phone rang. - What happened? - She freaked. She hit "ignore," but every time she did, it just rang again. And every time it rang, she just flipped out even more. - You have any idea who it was? - Yeah. Because they called so many times, I saw the caller ID. It scared me when I saw it, too. It said it was Death calling. I thought she didn't have a phone. She probably had a pay-as-you-go plan, paid cash, and gave the phone company false information. Well, that makes sense if she was hiding from Death and trying to stay off the grid, like Sky said. Okay, so obviously, there's a human being at the other end of the phone. And whoever it is probably tracked her down and then killed her. So, who had the dubious distinction of being known by Hayley as Death? Okay, well, how does the song go? "Death, she grows near." - She. Death is a woman. - Okay. Following you so far... Okay. Alexis says that Hayley liked to draw from tarot cards in her writing. And in tarot cards, Death isn't death. Death means "change." Okay, so she wasn't hiding from death, she was hiding from change. - She hated Obama! - Who is the embodiment of change? What woman represented the biggest change in Hayley's life? The one who sent her to rehab. The one who saved her life. Bree Busch? Why would Hayley's producer want to hurt her? I don't know, but it's worth a shot. - Are you crying? - Stay here. Hey. I was singing her words. I could hear her voice. I could feel her like she was here. That's because your sister was strong. You thought that she was using again, but she wasn't. She was clean. I wish there was something we could do. Can't we send her to rehab or something? No one can help her until she's ready to get clean. So, I called in the warrants you wanted on Bree Busch. Phone records are gonna take a day, but her credit card puts her in the city at 10:48. Now, I checked her interview notes, she said she was at home at Brooklyn at 10:00. Where was she at 10:48? At a pharmacy at 12th and 19th. That's three blocks from the crime scene. Yeah. Made me wonder what she was shopping for, so I called the store. They faxed over a receipt. Bottle of water, energy bar, and a tube of Daniella Bolan Velvet Kiss Lava Red lipstick. That's the same lipstick used to paint a smile on Hayley's face. Okay. It's true. I saw her the night she died. Why didn't you tell us that before? She had called the studio earlier that day. She spoke to my assistant, Kelly, okay? She said she wanted to come by and pick up some stuff she'd left behind, - a guitar and some pedals. - That's how you got her new number. I called her back immediately. You know, I kept calling, just... She wouldn't pick up. I must've left half a dozen messages. So, finally, I, you know, left her a message saying, "Come by tonight," you know, "Someone'll be here to give you your stuff." And I didn't tell her it was going to be me, so she showed. - What time was that? - About 11:00. Anyway, I said, "I'm not gonna give you your stuff "unless you tell me what was going on," you know. Well, she wouldn't even look at me. You have to understand, I had put so much money into this record. If she didn't finish it, I was gonna lose this studio. So I had to get her to stay, right? - She was using anyway. - You offered her drugs. A bag. I offered her a bag. I said, "There's plenty more where that came from." I would have gotten her help after she finished. I couldn't let her walk away. Yeah, well, here's the thing, Mrs. Busch. Hayley was clean when she died. She wasn't using. Well, I know that now. I mean, she opened up her jacket and showed me what was tucked inside. A gun. Well, she had a gun. And she said, "I would rather put a bullet in my brain "than to be using again." Let me make sure I'm getting this right. You lured Hayley here under false pretenses, offered her drugs, got into a heated argument, and you're telling me that she walked out of that door alive? When did you replace the panel on this baffle? Well, I don't think it's ever been replaced. Yeah, it has. It's newer than the other ones. Could you be careful, please? That's expensive equipment. Castle, what are you doing? Apparently, I'm uncovering a bullet hole. Judging from the diameter of the hole, it's a.38. That gunpowder residue on Hayley's hand? This is where the gun was fired. I have no idea how that bullet hole got there. You and Hayley fought. You knew that if she walked out of that door, you would never see her again, and so you grabbed her from behind. She pulled out a gun. It scared you, you held her tight. A shot went off, you held her tighter still. And before you even knew what happened, she stopped struggling. You broke her neck without realizing it. That's not what happened. That's not what happened at all. If it was an accident, if it was an act of self-defense, you're gonna make this all easier on yourself just by telling us the truth. She's gonna do 20 years instead of pleading out and doing five. Guilty conscience or lousy lawyer? Bree, please. I can't lose you for 20 years. I can't lie! I didn't hurt her! - That's not what happened. - Guess it's up to the lawyers now. That's not what... You going home to tell Alexis the news? - I just thought I'd go for a walk. - Any place in particular? It kills me thinking about her out there alone. Come on. I'll drive. Sky? Sky? Are you sure Zack said she was crashing here? Yeah. It's over there. Sky. Sky! Hey, you okay? Can you hear me? How much did you take? McGinnis gave us a signing bonus. He told us a place we could fix for cheap. I couldn't do it. No, Hayley didn't want me to. I'm clean. She's gonna help me, right? Wherever she is, she's looking out for me, right? She's already doing it. Come on. Let's get you out of here. Is Sky going to be okay? I think so. The worst part is over. Now she just has to figure out the rest of her life. And Hayley? The whole thing was just some stupid accident? It's just so pointless. I know. Sometimes when we lose an artist we like, it's kind of like losing a friend. You know, I remember when John Lennon died, I didn't leave my room for a week. She was only 25. I can't help but think about all the songs she won't write that we won't get to hear now. And all because her producer thought she was back on drugs. Why would she even think that? You know, when people we care about suddenly turn against us, we can come up with all sorts of reasons to explain it. Who knows what really happened? Well, that's it for me. You staying up? Is it okay? I just wanna listen a little longer. Of course. "I can explain if you're listening." What, Dad? She wrote that song a week before she died, after she left her producers and went to the cops. Maybe she was trying to tell us what was going on. "Locked up in silence, a living hell." Rehab? Or her producers? "The loving hand that saved me." Her producers. Bree and Ian? Wait. What is she saying there, "Its darkness" or "His darkness"? "You stepped across my threshold. How could you?" Oh, God, Dad. Does that mean what I think it means? It means we have the wrong killer. The identity of her killer is in the song? - It's right there. Listen! - I know, I already heard it. Don't you think that if Hayley knew who was going to kill her, she would've tried to prevent the murder? It never made sense until now. Why would she up and disappear when everything seemed to be going so well? It's in the words. She even says it. "I can explain if you're listening." - Just like that, I'm free to go? - Just like that. We need to sign a few release forms, if you don't mind. I can't believe it. Thank God. Thank you so much. Does this mean you found the real killer? - We're about to make an arrest. - That's great. You know, what's even better is that it was Hayley herself who led us to her killer. How'd she do that? Her last song. The one that was playing the night she died. It's all over the web. You know the one. Hmm. It's the lyrics that really get me, so many layers. It took me a few listens to get to the bottom of them. Mmm-hmm. First time I heard it, I thought it was about going into rehab. It is. It's about coming from a dark place and having the courage to get on with your life. Different dark place. Listen, this is the part that gives it away. I don't understand. Somebody crossed over her threshold. She didn't want him to. - Someone forced himself on her. - You're getting all that from a song? Well, there's other places where it's more overt. But if you listen to the words, analyze them, it's all there. Father figure, betrayal, violation. It's truly awful. Why didn't she say anything? Ian, did she ever say anything to you? No. No, she didn't. You told your husband about arguing with Hayley the night she was killed, didn't you? Yes. He was there when I got home from the studio. I told him the whole thing. I was so upset, I took a sleeping pill to get some rest. That's when you borrowed your wife's cell phone and her brand new lipstick. It's a good thing we'd subpoenaed your wife's phone records when I had this whole crazy lyric idea. Otherwise, we might've missed out on those texts you sent Hayley. What texts? Text message from your phone at 11:52. "Ian told me the whole thing. "We have to talk right away. Meet me at the studio." - I never sent that text. - 11:54, "I'm so sorry for what he did to you. I'm leaving him. "Please come talk to me." And then finally at 11:56, a reply from Hayley. "See you there." What did you do? "The loving hand that saved me held too tight." He pretended to be you. 'Cause he was the one who forced himself on Hayley. He was afraid she was gonna talk. So he pretended. By the time Hayley realized it was Ian waiting for her at the office, it was too late. Ian? Ian! I didn't force myself on Hayley. She seduced me. From the time she moved in. The way she talked to me, the way she touched me. And now, after all we'd done for her, she was gonna make up this lie to destroy our marriage and ruin our business? No. So, you snapped her neck. The gun didn't do her any good, did it? You were too strong. Just like the night when you assaulted her. You killed her. And you almost got away with it. But Hayley wouldn't shut up, would she? That's pretty smart, staging the crime scene like the stalker video, making it look like someone else did it. She loved you like a father. The way she looked up to you, it made me love you more. - Look at me! - I'd like a lawyer now. Bree turned on her husband the moment she found out what he had done to Hayley. Needless to say, she's filed for divorce. It's no wonder Hayley couldn't tell Bree why she ran away. You see, she didn't have anyone to talk to, so she did the one thing that she could. She wrote about it. You know, it kind of reminds me of when I wrote When It Comes To Slaughter. It was at a time in my life when I was just, I was trying to work through... Not important. - So, is he pleading out? - Oh, he can try. Perlmutter ran his coat and found the same gunpowder residue that he found on Hayley. He's going away for a long time. Good. Nice job, both of you. So what are you gonna tell Alexis? What I always tell her. The truth. Hayley Maria Blue, we love and miss you. This one's for you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 