Vida: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Vida 
 s2e7 - Episode #2.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Vida (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Episode #2.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Who's this? - This is my friend Tlaloc. You know I'd never do anything bad to you, right? Not on purpose. He's the Nelson that wants our building. He's going on the Arya Stark list immediately. I am a partner here, I have say. Do you, though? We're gonna be able to get that new soda gun system. I fired Lisa. How much do you owe, Lyn? Say something. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Mountain climbing, shoes tied ♪ ♪ Desert trail has some mountain lions ♪ ♪ Punk belly adding shit ♪ ♪ Stomach side feel like a thousand lives ♪ ♪ A thousand fruits had to find the truth ♪ ♪ Got me at the border like a thousand troops ♪ ♪ Money on my mind, gotta get up on my grind ♪ Hey, Sideshow Bob. Emma? Emma? - Hey. - Did Emma let you in? Who? A girl with a bob and probably a stank-face. No, uh, Baco let us in. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He had to go, but he told me to give this to somebody. Oh. It's for everything that's being installed today. Okay, thank you. I'll leave it for the girl with the bob. I don't believe in any of your little... in any of your brujeríathings. I don't. 'Cause every time I've dabbled, it has only come back to bite me in the... ¿Nalgas? Yes. Yet, here you are. A ver, corazón. If we pretend that you did believe, what can I do for you? Can you find someone? Are you ready to talk to your mother, mi'ja? What? No. Oh, God, no. Can we please not do any of the creepy stuff right now? Just keep it Disney for me, okay? I-I just wanna know how and where Emma is. So is that something you can see in the cards? Mm... not in the cards. Pon la manita. Mm-hmm. Then say your name three times. Lynda Hernandez, Lynda Hernandez, Lynda Hernandez. Hmm. Hmm. You did a very bad thing. Technically, but, like, not really. No, nada de technically. Aquí está muy clarito. I'm going to pay it all back. I think you don't see. You don't see your ugly. You think your actions aren't part of you, but they are. And they are your ugly. So now I'm ugly? Yes. See? I always think you're gonna tell me something that's actually useful. I always tell you something useful. That you never know how to use it es otra cosa. Emma is not mad. She feels betrayed. You disappointed her. Disappointed is so much worse than mad. Just let her be and you'll find the time to make it right. Pero tú, mi'ja, you have to do something. About how horrible and ugly I am? Yes. You are not horrible. But you are not seeing your real self and how your actions affect people. So this is what I want you to do. Make a bath and pour mucha sal into the water. You get in and you take a mirror and you look at yourself, pero really look deep into yourself. And then you tell yourself all the bad things that you are. Great. And you trap them all in there, then you break the mirror. But you never look at the broken pieces, because then you'll trap yourself in there too. I just wanted to know if Emma was coming back. So thank you, Doña Lupe. Ay, comadre, what is this mess before me? Véngase pa'cá. Tell Auntie what ails you. I'm horrible. Okay. So we're in our feelings today, huh? Where are you going looking all cute? Well, I was trying to go on a Basic Becky brunch, but none of my bitches are answering, so... Your legs look fabulous, by the way. Why, thank you, mama. Now, tell me, what's the matter with you? Oh. Here. In case you need a cry. Chilla all you want. Tell you what. I'm gonna make us unas micheladas, and we're gonna have our very own Domingo de Putería Kiki right here. I love me a good michelada. What is all this new shit? T! Fuck, T. Look at you. Oh, my God. Fuck, Johnny. Mari, I texted you that I didn't think it was a good time for you to come over right now. Come on, I had to come see you. Johnny's such a fucking savage. I don't know what got into him. I'm... I mean, I guess 'cause I've never had a... well... well, whatever you and I are, I've never had that before. So I guess he doesn't know how to deal with it, but he can be such a fucking macho brother sometimes. Someone showed him the video. Yeah. "The" video. Uh... Uh, well, you... you know that I never even think about that video, right? No, but now your brother does. And no disrespect, but I should've expected this shit from someone like him. What do you mean? Guys like him who lack the emotional intelligence to have a proper discussion, so they resort to violence. No, Johnny's not a thug. He's just stupid. I don't... Mari, I think we should chill. I think we need to take it easy for a little while. - Until when? - I don't know. I doesn't seem to me like your life is set up to have someone like me in it. I don't understand what that even means. Yeah, I know you don't. Maybe when you figure it out, we can kick it again. What the hell is fucking wrong with you, Johnny? Who the fuck do you think you are? - Man, what the fuck? - Hey, how fucking stupid are you to let that piece of shit do that to you, huh? This has nothing to do with you, okay? You had no right to get involved in my fucking business. - Oh, it has nothing to do with me, - No! that some cabrón took advantage of my little sister. - No! - And is putting her out - there on blast like that? - He didn't fucking - take advantage of me. - Oh, oh! So you let him put this video out there? No, of course I didn't! Mari, this shit is not gonna go away. Look at all the videos on the internet. - It's not... - What video are you talking about? Ningún video, apá. Just go back inside. ¿Qué video, Marisol? Just... just a video from the television, apá. If you don't show me, I will go find someone to show me. You think I'm playing, Juan? It's not Mari's fault. That cabrón did that to her. Me das asco. I don't want to see you. Apá, for real, he took advantage of her. She is not welcome here. Thank God your amá is not alive to see this. Maria, I didn't know he was going to do that. Mari... Mari. Listen, I'm... I'm gonna talk to him, okay? Fuck. Oh, she completely did that. You know how grandmas don't give a crap. My mom always told my sisters, "Never leave the house without lipstick or earrings." But if the only little boy in the house kept hearing that over and over... Oh, yeah, that'd be so confusing. Well, a little kid can't differentiate. Ugh, parents... They really bake that self-hatred shit right into ya. Oh, yeah. Parents fuck you up. Oh, family does. You know, I bet you didn't have this problem, 'cause you were two little blanquitas... What? No. Emma's the more blanquita. No, but for us, skin shade was a big thing. Mm, yeah. We had this racist tía who was always hating on me - for being morenito... - Oh... But God punished her, 'cause my cousin was born a lovely shade of canela. Pero, you know, she was always so mean. She still calls her "prieta." What? I hate that word. Oh, God, the p-word is so gross. - Ugh. - And it follows her. You know, she showed me these texts she was getting from this cabrón that she went on a date with from one of those apps... And when they finally met IRL, he was all like, "Hmm, no thanks," 'cause she looked darker than in her pictures. - What? - And he fucking bounced. This from a fucking Latino, from this neighborhood. Well, sort of. I mean... Some asshole developer who's turning this whole place into plastic. - Wait. - Mm? Do you still have those texts? Oh, I got the receipts, girl. - Can I see them? - Yeah. What? Jackpot. What is that bed? He had it made custom. It's a trip. I never wanna get out of it. I've never felt anything like it. Who are these people again? Oh, uh, just friends of my, um, ex, I guess. Yeah, he's a buyer for West Elm, so he's always traveling for work. He's in Morocco right now for two months, so... I get the place all to myself. Thank you. Oh, let me... Uh, was the couch okay? I'm sorry you got kicked out of that glorious bed. No, I-I-I offered. That couch is just as comfy. Well, um, thank you, just for, uh... Are you feeling better? Yeah... much clearer. Now that I have two options, I can let Lyn handle the fraud herself and wash my hands of it. Um, somehow I don't see you doing that. No. I'm probably going to take option two, which means that I pay off her fucking debt before it becomes astronomical and never speak to her again. Bottled-up grief makes people do some shady shit. Lyn just... just probably just not thinking straight after your mom died. No, this is just Lyn, dead mother or not. She doesn't think she's causing a shit storm until it blows back on everyone else. My budget now is so fucked. She owes 14K. Where am I gonna find 14K? - All that on shoes? - And other useless shit. - Damn. - She did this all in four, five weeks. It's insane. God, she just doesn't think. Have you ever thought about sourcing the bar? I mean, like, sub-leasing for events, becoming a brand ambassador. We're barely getting people in. No tequila or whisky company will want anything to do with us. No, your... your mariachi mural... You could lease that wall space. Okay, so, I'm good buddies with the brand strategist at Botón de Oro Beer. They lease wall spaces all the time for ads. Do they install a billboard? Or does the mural stay intact? Yeah, I think they just cover it with the ad. We can ask. You know, Vida is prime real estate. It's in a great area. You have a lot of foot and vehicle traffic. Nico, I would be so grateful if you would call your friend. Let me see if I can set something up for today. I'll shoot him a text. First I gotta get to work, 'cause I don't wanna piss off my boss. She's a little dramatic about punctuality. - Sounds like a good person. - Yeah. You coming? You going upstairs at all? No, I'm trying to avoid her as long as I can. I'm gonna go up to my hole and hunker down. Hey. I'm gonna be down here from now on since Lisa's not with us anymore. We should open up. You're really gonna be salty about this? Hold on, just give me a chance to process. Look, I never thought he was actually gonna pay attention to me, Yoli. But he did. Wait, does this mean you don't have your V-card anymore? What? No, no, of... of course I do. But, like, we've done stuff. Like, we haven't done that yet. We've done, like, everything else. But... seriously, he's been so respectful about it. Like, he's not trying to pressure me... Don't start being all básica about this cabrón. Because if he were respectful, there would not be a tape out there to get you kicked out of your house. You know, I don't wanna make it about that, because you're all stressed out about where the fuck you're gonna sleep tonight. So let's just table it for now, but we're gonna... But he feels really bad about the video thing. I would let you stay with us, pero we're all staying at my tía Ramona's. I'm literally sleeping on the floor right now. Nah, I wasn't telling you because of that, I... I know, it's just really shitty that I can't help out mi mejor amiga because we're all borderline homeless. I'm worried about you, girl. Where you gonna go? I don't know. I haven't figured that part out yet. - Okay, I got it. - Okay. Okay. "I'm really into Mexican guys that can teach me how to salsa." White girls love to salsa dance. Don't they even get that Mexicans eat salsa, not dance it? Oh, the main caption... - Are you ready? - Mm-hmm. "I hate playing head games unless they involve my mouth." Yes! Yes! Oh, what is it with these Latino men and their prized white girl fetish? Ay, it's like my racist tía says: "Hay que mejorar la raza." It's race-shame. Blech. Just saying it makes me all guácala. I kinda wanna text Emma and tell her we're doing this. If she sees that I'm, like, trying to do this for us, then maybe she'll be like... No, no, you can only tell her if it works. You're right. I have just swiped right on him. So now we just have to wait and see if Miss Summer gets his attention. But it's Sunday. So I don't know, girl. This might take a while. Oh. I'm gonna make us some more Mimositas. - Yes! - Yeah! Wait, what? We're a match. - Yes! - Yes! Hey, you're working down here now? Man, I was hoping Mari might be taking care of you today. No, she stopped working for me a couple days ago. When's the last time you saw her? ¿Qué pasó? Is she okay? My apá kicked her out. And I can't lie to you, Ed, it was straight up because of me. ¿Cómo? Ah, man, I don't wanna get into it, but I just... I just feel so fucking bad. You know, I-I wanted her to have something to wear until the drama calms down. I just packed some stuff from her room. Mari's the last person I would ever think would get kicked out. Fuck, I know. I know. She's not a bad girl, you know? It's just mi apá is being too terco about this. How did you get Mari kicked out of the house? Uh, just my apá overreacting. So, um, I'm gonna go check with her friend Yolanda. No, hold up. What did you do to get Mari kicked out of the house? I... Emma, s... sorry, but my... my friend Kelly's here, the brand strategist guy. He was able to make it last minute, so we should probably... Yeah, absolutely. We usually do a month-to-month, but that's all open for discussion. And we take control of the entire process from getting permission to use the wall, to the actual painting of the ad itself. Wait, you don't use some kind of vinyl decal to cover up the existing artwork? No. No, it's all hand-painted, see? I thought it was gonna be one of those framed billboards. Is that how you always do it? I-I seem to remember some sort of overlay you did... Not on brick. And a small billboard would be wasted on this wall. This would be painted. I-I'm sorry I-I didn't fully put together that we'd lose this mural. This would be great placement. We've been wanting to get into the BoHe market for a while now. BoHe? What is BoHe? Oh, is that you trying to say Boyle Heights? Uh, can you send me some more samples of painted ads? I promise to let you know first thing Monday. Of course. Have you seen the Fuck White Art thing in the news? That was right around la esquina. Oh, sorry, "corner." Eddy can we please... Oh, don't you think it's a little irresponsible of us to not warn him about the anti-gentrification movement going on in this neighborhood? I'll be in touch tomorrow... No, she will not be in touch tomorrow, because one of her business partners, that's me, is not going to let this happen. Do you know that that's you, Emma? That she had you and Lyn painted there? There seems to be a discrepancy with how to proceed. Yeah, let me walk Kelly to his car, and when we get sorted out, we can give him a call back. Who made you the Grand Poobah around here? You have no right to stick your nose where it don't belong. No, Eddy, you're the one who doesn't have the right here. You don't get to say a goddamn thing about this building, because as far as I know, you have no legal right here. You were not legally married to my mother, and that sham of a will you two made is totally invalid. So, unless you can produce some cash, you're gonna have to let Kelly and I talk business. Understood? I'm sorry about that. I can walk you to your car. - "I'm Hispanic..." - Mm. "Slim..." "And a lead project manager at a development company - "on the Eastside." - Mm. "We turn these dog shit infested streets "into something palatable for the upwardly mobile incomers." Ugh! Did he answer the "why he doesn't date Latinas" question? Oh, yeah. Listen to this douche bag. "Not really, I prefer pink nipples." Uh-uh. - Ooh... no, sir. - Oh, my God. I swear to God I just threw up a little bit in my mouth. A... ttention. Mm? We have la dick pic. Oh, my Dios. He got that uncut duffel bag dick. I knew it. You know what we're gonna do with this, right? - Uh-uh. - We're gonna screen grab, we're gonna post all of it. Oh, I'm scared of you, lady. Yep, we're gonna put him on blast for all interested parties to see. Including my sister, who's gonna be like, - "High five, sister." - Yeah. Oh, what's the name of that, uh, that group that spray paints everything? - Vigilantes? - Yes. We're gonna put it on their page. Time's up, motherfucker. Hey. Um, hey, I was just knocking to see if at least Eddy was in. I-I just came for my last check. Yeah, of course. Come in. All right, um, thanks. Mari, wait. Where are you going? What do you mean? I mean, where are you staying tonight? Johnny came by and... Fucking asshole. Do you have somewhere to stay? Look, I'm sorry that Johnny came up here telling everybody my fucking business and shit... No, he didn't, but it did seem like he felt bad about whatever happened. He left you a bag of clothes downstairs. You're staying here tonight. - No... - No, I don't wanna hear it. You're staying here. Come on. Oh. Eddy, open up. Go away. Come on, open up. Give me the keys. Who sold you a tallboy? Well, you can't drive like this. Seriously, dude, I don't know you. All right. Stop. I'm sorry. I don't want this to turn into another trip to the hospital for you. She was my wife. And I was hers. Yeah, she was. You shouldn't need to prove it to anyone, Eddy. Hi. That's not for you. You're selfish in a way I can't even begin to comprehend. I know. You committed fraud, Lyn. That's a crime. And now, because I'm going to fucking help you with this, I'm committing fraud. I hope that sinks in. Thank you. You've stolen a month from us, buying shoes and trinkets. Hey, uh, good morning. Good morning, Mari. I made coffee and there's, uh, yogurt or cereal. We also technically have eggs, but I wanted to see what you were in the mood for. You-you don't gotta keep feeding me, but yogurt sounds good. Thank you. That's your coffee cup right there. Uh, sugar's on the table and there's milk in the fridge. - Thank you. - How was the couch? Was it comfy? Wow. Ugh, God. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 