Vida: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Vida 
 s3e4 - Episode #3.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Vida (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 4 - Episode #3.4 - full transcript 
 Lyn throws Marcos an epic, Vida-style, double-30 Queerceañera, and Emma goes on a psychedelic journey of self-exploration. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Could I help you with something? - Do you know who I am? You canceled us. So don't act like this matters to you. Nico, you don't, not matter to me. Oh, I'm gonna be 30, and I'm still so undercooked. - It's gonna be your birthday. - Ugh. We should throw a big birthday blowout for you. We can totally do it at the bar. Come on, babe, this is already hard enough for me as it is. Juniper, you broke up with me two days after I buried my mother. I'm sorry, baby... I mean, Lyn. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¿Le entiende español? She was just born here, so she doesn't speak it that well. I blame your parents. [BOTH LAUGH] We need to do something right now! - We need to vote. - Vote? What... Are we voting on a particular action here, or we voting to keep discussing action? - Oh, my God. - [CHAIR CLATTERS] - [BOTH PANTING] - [UPBEAT MUSIC] BIFE: ♪ Nunca me faltes, te necesito ♪ ♪ Sin vos no vivo yo ♪ [BOTH PANTING] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 BIFE: ♪ Te prometo, mi amor ♪ ♪ Yo no soy nadie si no me miras ♪ [MOANING] BIFE: ♪ Te doy mi corazón ♪ ♪ Nunca me engañes, porque me muero ♪ ♪ Y antes mato a los dos ♪ ♪ Cuando era chiquitico Yo quería a mi mamá ♪ ♪ Que mucho la quería, la quería de verdad ♪ [MOANS] [SINGERS SINGING IN SPANISH] [BOTH PANTING] BIFE: ♪ Que algun día la perdí ♪ [MOANS] BIFE: ♪ No lo entiendo ♪ ♪ Si era perfecta ♪ - You like that? - Yeah. - [RUDY MOANING] - LYN: How about this? RUDY: Yeah. [WINCES] Don't-don't do that. What are you doing? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Did... are my nails too... Don't... do that. ♪♪ Okay. [EXHALES SHARPLY] ♪♪ I'm... confused, though, because, well... That's different. You're not looking right at me. [SINGER SINGING IN SPANISH] Rudy... Don't make this into a thing, Lyn. ♪♪ [WATER RUNNING] ♪ Somos uno los dos ♪ ♪ Yo te busco, mamacita ♪ ♪ Todo el tiempo en el amor ♪ MARI: Señora-señora, did they show you a warrant? - Le enseñaron paperwork? - GRACIELA: No, no. They just came, and look at that... they broke his window, and they yanked him out. MARI: What are we gonna do about it, mi gente? You can't sit this one out. This is happening on your watch. They just dragged one of us out Gestapo-style, illegally. So they could put him... and-and this is not fucking politics. This is facts. So that they can put him in a private detention where he'll make money for the same fucking assholes that owned the businesses that he fucking worked for in the first place. No due fucking process 'cause this is America, where it's okay to cage fucking brown people like beasts. Are you okay with that? [SIREN WAILS DISTANTLY] [KEYS CLACKING] [BREATHING DEEPLY] [CELL PHONE BUZZING] [CELL PHONE BEEPS] Do you have all your donations for the event tonight? - I want to support. - It's not really an event. It's just a birthday party. Anything with a theme is an event. Adult quinceañera is a clever idea for a birthday. It's a double queer-ceañera. - [RUDY CHUCKLES] - Marcos is turning 30, so double. [LAUGHS] Queer-ceañera. You're so witty. Yeah, Marcos wanted to do it throwback-style with a '80s telenovela swing and the soldier thingies on the shoulders, but, you know, queer. So I'm gonna be his chambelana. [SCOFFS] Do you know how many times I've had to be a chambelán? I still remember how to dance el vals. I bet. Do you still need centerpieces? Yeah, actually. Centerpieces would be nice. Well, then take me up on borrowing them from my mother. Only if you come with me. You know I can't today. But I'm telling you, get anything you need from her. She's thrown a million parties and has an entire room with things like centerpieces. [SOFTLY] I'm a little bit scared of her. You know, but maybe just don't mention the whole queer-ceañera thing. - Why, because it's queer? - What? No, Lyn, she donates to GLAAD. It's just the whole... It's the vibe of the bar that I think she wouldn't get. - You know, it's just the kind of programming that... - Wait. Are we too janky for your mom? No, not janky. 'Cause everything we do is on purpose. It's a curated dive bar, Rudy. - Everything has been... - Go borrow the centerpieces, babe. A little quality time between my two best girls will be good. [SNIFFS] _ ALMA: We're not saying that Victor Villanueva doesn't have a claim to your mother's estate. He definitely can make one. But given the documented history of abuse, the police report, the photos, even this question of citizenship, which is my expertise, you and your sister are in a pretty strong position... especially right now when the trend is to be less forgiving when it comes to crimes by undocumented people. This would not look good for him in court. [SOFTLY] Thank you. [DOG YIPPING] Oh. Okay. Gracias. [LAWN MOWER RUNNING] [MUTTERS TO SELF] [BIRDS CHIRPING] Ugh. Mi amorcita, ay. Discúlpame. [BOTH SMOOCH] ¿No te han ofrecido nada? Estela! ¿Quieres alguna limonada? ¿Quieres un té? Oh. Mm... mm... no. Sorry. Would you like some tea? [LAUGHS] No, thank you. I'm good. Let's have a lemonade. Estela! Tráenos unas limonadas. So tell me about this party. [SIGHS] Well... We used to throw the most elaborate affairs when Rodolfito was a baby. Teníamos un evento de Día de Muertos que ni te imaginas. - Oh, wow. - Oh. Oh, I love a good party. So tell me about yours. It's really... it's just a little birthday thing. Dinner party? Mm... no. Uh, it's a little bigger than that, uh, like, 90, 100 people. - Thank you. Gracias. - Oh. - That's a proper party. - Yeah. Estela... Trae las cosas que escogí, por favor. And this is at your bar? Uh, our lounge, yes... that we own. - Oh. - We've actually been getting a lot of buzz lately. We were featured in Litch Magazine. I don't know if you... - ... heard. - Oh. Hmm. I'd love to see it sometime. Oh, I-I, uh... I would love that. I think it's good for a woman to entertain herself with work before marriage. I really believe that. - [DOG YIPPING] - Hmm. [GASPS] Gracias, Estela. I took the liberty of putting together a set of centerpieces... porque Rudy me dijo que eso era lo que necesitabas. - ¿Verdad? - Oh, sí. But I also want to lend you this exquisite piece. This punch bowl is an heirloom. It's been in our family from Porfirio Díaz times. Wow. It's-it's so gorgeous. I-I couldn't, though. Hmm. Oh. It-it-it's just that this-this party isn't very... punch bowl-y. Um... But okay. - Hmm. - Oh. Do you know who Porfirio Díaz was? Of course. Just a... great... Mexican hero. Hmm. If dictators are your idea of heroes. Oh! No, no. Some unsolicited advice... admit when you don't know something. Empty vessels make the most noise. [CHUCKLES] [STRING LIGHTS CLINKING] Where's Lyn? Good question. Marcos is queen bee in charge, though. You'll see. You need something? No. I should help. What can I, uh... ? [CLICKS TONGUE] Well, we have an entanglement situation. [GROANS SOFTLY] [INHALES SHARPLY] Sorry. It's... it was a rough night. [GROANS] My back's blown out. Where are you sleeping these days? Back at Matty's. You mean back at Zoe's. No, just back at Matty's. Even after she physically assaulted you, you're back there. - NICO: No one got assaulted. - Why do women do that? I don't fucking get it! I'm sorry, but you kind of gave up your right to get like this with me. I'm just noticing inconsistencies in character. You claim to be this well-adjusted person. When I have claimed to be well-adjusted? - [STRING LIGHTS CLINKING] - [EXHALES DEEPLY] You know what? You're right. I have no right to get like this. I'm out of line. [DOOR OPENS] MARCOS: [SIGHS] Dónde chingados is Lyn? This has crossed from Latino time to rude-ass-bitch time. I'll text her. MARCOS: [SIGHS] She's not answering. Well, then with your permission, Miss Emma, I'm making an executive decision. For anyone who isn't on my guest list, 20 bucks gets you in. I'll put a queer right there with a cashbox. Uh, I'll keep texting her. MARCOS: A ver, niñas, ayúdame. MAN: Why does he have to be so bossy? MAN: Ay, cálmate. I just, like, literally can't do anything right. Nothing is good enough for that woman. Mastica, mi'ja. Don't forget to chew. Mm. How did I forget that bologna's kind of great? [CHUCKLES] [WHISPERS] I'm sorry, Miss Piggy. How do I get her to like me? How do you know she doesn't? Papi, women, we know these things. And that woman hates me. And now I can't do anything right with Rudy either. Are you two fighting? Sort of. I don't know. This morning I... offended him by mistake. Nothing I do is good enough. Mi'ja, in God's eyes, you already are good enough. You're perfect... justo como tú eres. Don't worry, things are gonna work out. They never have before. You don't know this because you don't know me yet, but I don't exactly have the best track record when it comes to relationships. I do know you, mi'ja. And shoot, join the club. Do you think your papi has a spotless record? [GROANS] Mi'ja, bad decisions run in the family. Oh, no! [BOTH LAUGH] ¿Qué creas? "She is clothed in strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future". Proverbs 31:25. Don't let your past define you, mujercita. You're being tested, but that's the beauty of a life in Christ. Once you accept Him as your Lord and Savior, then you make the decision, the very purposeful decision to be made new and wash it all away... to walk the righteous path, to pass that test. And guess what happens then. What? Then you have nothing to fear. Huh? "Clothed in strength and dignity, she laughs without fear of the future". Steady in your path, Lyn, fearless, huh? MAN: ... everywhere. You specifically said not to. WOMAN: I know she didn't show it to that puta, but we sent out that mandate and she still did it. YOLI: Look, in a way, it's not bad to start putting that out there. That kind of awareness... I mean, we're all in agreement that it's a fucked-up situation. Fuck. Ey. - That video... - Shaun King reposted it. I know. But also, we held a vote, Mari. Really? You're gonna talk to me about a pinche vote when we're under attack as a people? This is a collective. You can't go toda rogue like that. I didn't go rogue. I posted as La Pinche Chinche. No, you posted that shit from all Vigilante accounts. You were repping us. And it worked. Did you see how many hits we got and-and hella follows? This is why we got to act now. We all agreed on a different strategy. Fucking strategy. It's puro pinche talk. That's all we do around here, talk shit and stand in front of a fucking bar that's never even really... Never even what? Yoli, you've been my friend for how long now? But even more than that, we've been homies in the struggle. But something, it's... it's just not the same with us... with what we're doing. There's real shit out there, and it's like... our glasses got all fuzzy, and we can't even see what's right in front of us. And I can't pretend not to see anymore. Amiga... I think I'm done. [SCOFFS] You're not done, Mari. No, I am. [SCOFFS] And I hope that you and me... I mean, like, I don't want this... Mari, cállate. You knew you were going to get called out. - Don't get toda... - Yoli. Mira, I get that you've been going through a lot lately with your apá passing, and I'm sorry... No, Yoli. This isn't about my apá. I'm done. Mari. Mari. Mari! Have a good one. [BIRDS CHIRPING] [GRUNTS SOFTLY] Okay... oh. [VEHICLE DEPARTING] [LYN SIGHS] Not today, Satanás. - Hey, let me help you. - No. Mm-mm. Juniper, what the hell happened to your face? It's tribal. It's supposed to mean "growth". But it turns out it doesn't mean anything. Why would you tattoo your fucking face? I know. It's getting removed. I... look, Lyn... there's so much that I want to tell you. Like what? Well, like, when we broke up, I went through this whole existential thing. Oh, I saw your existential thing... blonde and 5'11". Wha-what are you even doing here, Juniper? Well, it's like I said in all my texts, babe. I need you back. I made so many mistakes, and the biggest one was how we left it. Yeah, you broke up with me, like, a day after my mom died, you asshole. [WHINES] I-I know. I... hey, I know. I know, and that was one of my biggest mistakes. [EXHALES DEEPLY] Look, I was in Joshua Tree, tripping on frog venom... and I realized that you're the one.. Juniper, you know what? I have no time for Coachella bros with a savior complex. Thank you, next. Do not follow me. Oh, and I wouldn't walk around here with that thing on your face. I won't be responsible for you getting jumped because you're an-an appropriating gringo. Good-bye, Juniper. MARCOS: I don't know. I think that it's just gonna be so much fun. Yeah, you should wear that. CURLY: No, I can't. - MARCOS: Why? - CURLY: I was trying to eat my food. [MARCOS SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY] - MARCOS: Ay, por fin llegas. - CURLY: Hey. MARCOS: Where were you? Curly brought your outfit. You want to see it? Uh, I do. Hey, Marcos, when you said you wanted to wrap the place in tulle, I didn't... Oh, isn't it dreamy? And wait, we're not even done. Oh. What else are you gonna throw on this? Curly, show her. These are the centerpieces. - Do you love it? - You love it, right? Uh... She loves it. [SOFTLY] I-I just got centerpieces. Um, okay. [GRUNTS] Has Emma seen any of this? Uh, sort of. She was looking for you earlier. Okay, I better go explain. Oh, I'll see you inside so we can set up the hookah lounge. The what? The hookah lounge. We talked about it. Okay. [DOOR CLOSES] Hey, so what are your thoughts about what's going on out there? Like, edge of tacky but cute or full-on trashy? I just wanted Marcos to have the birthday of his dreams, but maybe I should have supervised more closely. Oh, everything is donated. So we must have spent, like, a total of 50 bucks. No harm done there. By the way, do you know who "Profiterole" Díaz is? I know who Porfirio Díaz is, who ruled Mexico for 30 years. That dude. Well, this was basically his personal punch bowl, or at least that's what Rudy's mom wants me to believe. Why would she even lend it to me? - Just to fuck with me. - I don't know. I guess I'll put it in the "make your own recuerdos" table and out of harm's way. Lyn, I was hoping we could talk. I know, I know, indoor hookah... gross. I'm going to tell Marcos that we can't do it because the bar's actually gonna be open to the public. But I think what he really wants is just pillows everywhere. So I'm gonna do a hookah-less hookah lounge on the stage. I saw a lawyer today about, uh, Victor. God, you are so paranoid. It's just a precaution, a backup plan in case he comes after the building now that the deed is in our name. He's not. He's not going to come after anything. You don't know him. He wouldn't. No, I don't, but I'm gonna be one step ahead in case he would. Look, let's not... [SIGHS] The lawyer showed me something. Uh, she found a police report with photos of Vidalia when he would, um... Emma. - No. Emma. - They're horrible. The fact that he's even capable of something like this... I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry... but I don't want to see them. Emma. [SIGHS] I love you... and I love that we actually have a relationship, like, so much. Lyn, he hit her... bad. And I'm not denying that. Neither would he. Papi's actually been very honest with me about his past. I don't doubt what's in those pictures. But that was him then. He's a different man now. He's been delivered. Oh, you talk Christian now? Emma, I'm so sorry that you had to see her like that. I am. I bet those pictures are horrible, just like you say. But I don't need to see them. I'm starting from scratch with him, and I need you to let me. Please. This whole thing is a second chance for me to set my life right. "Clothed in dignity", I'm steady in my path. Fearless. I just want to be able to get to know him without having those images in my head. I promise you, I won't push him on you. I won't bring him here. Just... let me be steady in my path. Please, Emma. All right, Lyn. You be steady. Thank you. [SOFTLY] Thank you. MARCO: ... anything else to it, I don't know why we didn't do this yesterday. Mama, you got to try this on already. CURLY: Y si no te queda, I have a friend who can do alterations real quick. Chambelana fierceness, girl. Uh... what does this have to do with chambelanes? It has the cositas on the shoulder like chambelanes... - Mm-hmm. - Pero, you know, sexy. I'm actually trying to move away from this level of sexy. CURLY: Ay, pero why? [UPBEAT MUSIC] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] ♪♪ [WHISTLES] [SINGER SINGING IN SPANISH] ♪♪ [LAUGHING] SINGER: ♪ Siéntelo, grítalo, lúchalo, gózalo ♪ [CELL PHONE CAMERA SHUTTER SNAPS] [CELL PHONE BEEPS] ♪ Si te pasas la vida bailando ♪ You're my quince court, you can't not slay. How are we not slaying for you? Ay, there's glitter everywhere. - Nico, vente. Vente. - Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Chambelana, come on. NICO: I like that way better. A ver, manitas, manitas. [MUSIC PLAYING DISTANTLY] [SIGHS] [BREATHES DEEPLY] I want this to be an experience of connectivity, my found family... Oh, shit, Marcos, I forgot to tell you, we have a hard out at 11:00... - NICO: Mm-hmm. - Because of noise ordinances. Everyone is gonna have to come inside with the paying patrons. Don't worry, las jotas will comply. Okay. But first, I want to say thank you, Lyn, for this beautiful party. Oh, baby, I love you. You're so welcome. I think people are waiting for something to start. Prayer huddle. No. No, E-Emma, join us, please. Vente. I have to thank you, too, for allowing this quince to happen. It's a rite of passage that little Marquitos would only dream of. ♪♪ But tonight lo reclamo... In communion. [LAUGHS] - Oh, wow. - Where the fuck did that come from? MARCOS: Ooh! En nombre de Oshun, de la Guadalupana, de Santa Selena, and Jenny from the Block. - Amen. - [LYN CHUCKLES] I'm on hostess duty tonight. - So... - Aw. [GROANS] ♪♪ MARCOS: Hmm? Emma, what are you doing? No-no bar staff on drugs. - I had no intention, by the way. - MARCOS: Mmm. Tonight I'm going to "go steady in my path" and fearlessly partake in not giving a shit. - [LAUGHTER] - Damn, girl, get loose. - That-that was a lot. - MARCOS: Mm-hmm. - It's okay, I'm good. - LYN: All right. Well, I hope you're ready for some serious dehydration and an existential crisis. Mm-hmm. ♪♪ [TRIUMPHANT MUSIC] ♪♪ [BRIGHT WALTZ MUSIC] ♪♪ CHAYANNE: ♪ Tiempo de vals es el tiempo hacia atrás ♪ ♪ Y de hacer lo de siempre, es volver a empezar ♪ ♪ Cuando el mundo se para y te observa girar ♪ ♪ Es tiempo para amar ♪ ♪ Tiempo de vals, tiempo para sentir ♪ ♪ Y decir sin hablar y escuchar sin oír ♪ ♪ El silencio que rompe en el aire un violín ♪ ♪ Es tiempo de vivir ♪ ♪ Bésame en tiempo de vals ♪ ♪ Un, dos, tres, un, dos, tres ♪ ♪ Sin parar de bailar ♪ ♪ Haz que este tiempo de vals ♪ ♪ Un, dos, tres, un, dos, tres ♪ ♪ No termine jamás ♪ ELLIS D: ♪ Work this pussy ♪ [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy... ♪ [SHOUTING SPANISH] [CHEERING] ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this pussy ♪ ♪ Work this pussy, work this, work this ♪ ♪ Work this, work this, work this, work this ♪ ♪ Work this, work this, work this, work this ♪ [LAUGHTER] [UPBEAT DANCE MUSIC] No. KUMBIA QUEERS: ♪ Ella no quiere hablar conmigo ♪ ♪ Dice que al final yo siempre la hago sufrir ♪ ♪ No quiere saber si respiro ♪ ♪ Le pide a sus amigas que no le hablen de mí ♪ ♪ Ella no quiere hablar conmigo ♪ ♪ Me bloqueó en sus redes, me dejó de seguir ♪ ♪ No quiere saber nada conmigo ♪ ♪ Me cerró la puerta y ya jamás la va a abrir ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Dile que la quiero ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Dile que la quiero ♪ Emma... I say this with love, but you, like everybody here, are very, very high, and that's very, very annoying. ♪♪ - Okay. - MARCOS: Announcement. [FEEDBACK WHINES] I... am decolonizing my name. - [CROWD CHEERS] - I am decolonizing my gender. - [CROWD CHEERS] - On this night... - I become the spectrum... - [FEEDBACK WHINES] The prince of flowers, song, and dance. On this night... you may call me Xochipilli. [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] CURLY: Fuck patriarchal colonialism! - Yes! - MAN: Thank you. [LIVELY DANCE MUSIC] It's 10:45, and this party's already turning. We keep going the way of "ratchetness". KUMBIA QUEERS: ♪ Le pide a sus amigas que no le hablen de mi ♪ I think I'm pregnant. KUMBIA QUEERS: ♪ Me bloqueó en sus redes, me dejó de seguir ♪ Okay. KUMBIA QUEERS: ♪ Me cerró la puerta y ya jamás la va a abrir ♪ Wait. Emma, like, for real, for real or, like, mushrooms for real? Because I'm pretty sure Nico can't get you pregnant. Like, for real, for real. Like... KUMBIA QUEERS: ♪ Que yo no supe que hacer, que no quise lastimarla ♪ Xochipilli for real. ♪♪ [MARCOS LAUGHS] KUMBIA QUEERS: ♪ Y que la siento todavía yo muy cerca de mi alma ♪ Is that even real after tonight, though? ♪♪ It's as real as this table... [THUMPING ON TABLE] As real... oh... as these poppers. - These guys. - Oh, my... - Well, as real... - Em! as this punch bowl. Okay, Emma. It's time for you to drink some water and go to bed, okay? I mean, what's happening inside me is just a collection of cells, cells that can easily be not real. ♪♪ Like this hideous bowl holding all of these things is - so very real. - Emma. Oh, my God. But... in one second... this hideous bowl is no longer real. ♪♪ - [GASPS] - EMMA: Hmm. "Profiterole" Díaz. ♪♪ - You did this on purpose. - Oh, my God. You know what, Emma? If you're so mad about papi, I wish you'd just have it out with me instead of throwing this passive-aggressive tantrum. Do you have any idea what's gonna happen to me when monster-in-law finds what I did to her stupid punch bowl? - I'm so sorry. I'll put it together. - LYN: No, Emma. Emma. Get the fuck away, Emma! ♪♪ If you want to make yourself useful, go tell everyone to get the fuck inside while I deal with this. [WHIMPERS] You're really angry. Yes, I am. ♪♪ Now go. Okay. Uh, everyone, could we... Um... everyone, could we... go inside the bar please? [UPBEAT MUSIC] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] [GLASS CLINKING] No. Oh, don't be like that. Juniper, you don't want to fuck with me right now. I kind of do. Are you... ? ♪♪ You're high as fuck, aren't you? Somebody had some really nice... I don't know what it was, but I smoked it. [SNAPS FINGERS, CLICKS TONGUE] It's an unexpected group of folks you gathered here. Really nice, though. I had this great conversation with someone about courtesy bottoms... You know what? I can't even look at you with that thing on your face. I told you, it's-it's getting removed. You know what's dope about being here? Is the whole time we were dating, I never once got to meet any of your friends. It's so nice to see your vibe, like, the "real you" vibe. This isn't the "real me" vibe. This is just what my friend wanted for his party. Right, you threw him this badass parking-lot party. You know what, Juniper? I will not be judged by you. You have misspelled hieroglyphics all over your face. Okay, look, all I'm saying is it's awesome to see you in your element, you know, with colorful people, having an uninhibited, loosey-goosey good time. ♪♪ This is not... I'm not... ♪♪ Uninhibited... or... loose. ♪♪ I'm not. ♪♪ [SINGER SINGING IN SPANISH] Are you processing? We always liked to make love when you were processing. [SINGER SINGING IN SPANISH] ♪♪ [SIGHS] I miss you, babe. ♪♪ Can we just do, like, a rewind and go back to where we left off, like, everything like it was? We can do your goddess lotion thing, the jewelry store. I'll give you the credit cards back. I just want to make whatever you want happen. When you broke up with me... I was like... ♪♪ "Shit... what am I gonna do?" ♪♪ But then I snapped the fuck out of it... and I got right with myself... and with my family. ♪♪ I found a boyfriend who makes want to be an actual adult. ♪♪ And I got serious about this place, about our bar. Yeah, I know, babe. I-I love seeing your whole thing. Oh, no, no. Shh, shh, shh. Juniper... I'm building something here, something important... ♪♪ And-and you showing up here like this... ♪♪ You know what it was? ♪♪ It was a test... ♪♪ A test that I just passed. And you want to know why? ♪♪ Because I am clothed in strength and dignity, motherfucker. And I'm steady as fuck. ♪♪ I'm gonna go get a broom, and you should be gone by the time I come back. ♪♪ SINGER: ♪... loca bailando en la fiesta ♪ ♪ Bailando sola, tomando más cerveza ♪ ♪ Estoy viendo por todo mi lado ♪ ♪ Siempre aquí... pero perfecta ♪ ♪ ... rodándome hasta el cielo ♪ ♪ Enemigo me parece muy feo ♪ [EMMA GRUNTS] ♪ Yo no sé cómo llegué aquí ♪ ♪ Pero escúchenme cuando digo que en mi vida soy feliz ♪ ♪ No tengo dinero, pero soy rico ♪ ♪ En mi vida ♪ ♪ Inteligente, muy bonita, con... ♪ ♪ Femenina, pero juega con lo... ♪ ♪ Lo que piense' no me importa porque tú no vales mierda ♪ ♪ Dale aquí que no soy tu mascota ♪ ♪ Soy mujer y no soy una tonta ♪ ♪ Que tú te separes... que no me importa ♪ ♪ Vivir lo nuestro porque la vida es corta ♪ ♪ Sal de aquí, que no soy tu mascota ♪ ♪ Soy mujer y no soy una... ♪ - [EMMA HUMMING] - [SIREN WAILS IN THE DISTANCE] - [HUMMING STOPS] - [FEET SHUFFLING] [TRAFFIC BUZZING BELOW] Labia Major. [WHISTLING SOFTLY] [DOG BARKING IN THE DISTANCE] That's Kermit's Collar. Yeah, look, right there. I don't know if NASA recognizes that one. Oh. We used to make our own constellations... me and Lyn. We'd just come up here and just... zoop! Zoop, zoop, zoop. She was so good at it. Just... She's so mad at me. We shouldn't. [MOANS SOFTLY] Um... Maybe let's... Maybe let's chill. [UNZIPS PANTS] [CAR HORN HONKS IN THE DISTANCE] I want you in my mouth. Oh. Oh. Emma. You're gonna hate yourself tomorrow for this. Mm-mm. And I'm gonna hate that I didn't... That I let it happen. [GRUNTS SOFTLY] [MOANS SOFTLY] Because... you're not yourself right now, baby girl. Mm. Emma. Hey. Oh, fuck. [MOANS] [GROANING] [GROANS] [GASPS] [GROANS] [UPBEAT DANCE MUSIC] ♪♪ [INDISTINCT CHATTER] ♪♪ SINGER: ♪ Walk for me, walk for me, Walk for me, walk for me ♪ - ♪ Walk for me, walk for me ♪ - [MAN RETCHES] - ♪ Walk for me, walk for me ♪ - SINGER: ♪ Sir, sir ♪ - ♪ Walk for me, walk for me ♪ - SINGER: ♪ Sir, sir ♪ SINGER: ♪ Walk for me, walk for me, walk for me ♪ ♪ Walk for me, I'll see you after the function ♪ ♪♪ [LAUGHTER, INDISTINCT CHATTER] ♪♪ [BELL RINGING] SINGER: ♪ Walk for me, walk for me, walk for me, walk for me ♪ ♪ Walk for me, walk for me ♪ [MUSIC CONTINUES DISTANTLY] ♪ Walk for me, walk for me ♪ ♪ Walk for me, walk for me, walk for me... ♪ [SOFT, BRIGHT MUSIC] [SINGERS VOCALIZING] ♪♪ SINGER: ♪ One day I'm gonna be ♪ ♪ As tall as a big magnolia tree ♪ [LIQUID SPLASHING] ♪ Tell my mother to not come after me ♪ ♪ Tell my mother to not ♪ ♪ Come after me ♪ [URINE TRICKLES] ♪ The fear will fly from my feet ♪ ♪ The day I turn 23 ♪ ♪ Tell my mother to not come after me ♪ ♪ Tell my mother to not ♪ ♪ Come after me ♪ - ♪ Her little bird ♪ - SINGERS: ♪ Little bird ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Little bird ♪ SINGER: ♪ Little bird ♪ SINGERS: ♪ Little bird ♪ - SINGER: ♪ Little bird ♪ - SINGERS: ♪ Little bird ♪ SINGER: ♪ Little bird ♪ ♪ One day I'm gonna shake ♪ ♪ The hand of the real world ♪ ♪ Out on the street ♪ ♪ After mother had said "so long" to me ♪ ♪ My baby, she's gonna weep ♪ ♪ If something should ever happen to me ♪ ♪ But I got to jump now before it's too late ♪ ♪ And if I land in a casket ♪ ♪ At least they could say, "Her little bird" ♪ ♪♪ ♪ "Her little bird ♪ ♪ Grew big wings" ♪ [SINGERS VOCALIZING] ♪ Her little bird ♪ ♪ Dangerous things ♪ ♪ One day I'm gonna be ♪ ♪ As tall as a big magnolia tree ♪ ♪ Tell my mother to not come after me ♪ ♪ Tell my mother to not come after me ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 