Hamish Macbeth: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hamish Macbeth 
 s1e4 - West Coast Story - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hamish Macbeth (1995–1997): Season 1, Episode 4 - West Coast Story - full transcript 
 Hamish falls out with bank manager Cameron Dicks,who is not only seeking to bankrupt hard up farmer Duncan Soutar but bounces Hamish's cheques. In the red and unable to pay for his shopping he is bailed out by Rab,but must repay him by appearing in the locals' amateur production of 'West Side Story'. Indeed Lochdubh's own Romeo and Juliet materialize as Dicks'daughter Phyllis playing Maria and Duncan's son Jimmy as Tony fall in love to Dicks's horror. as a result he bans rehearsals but,after being made to see the error of his ways,saves Duncan from committing suicide. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (upbeat music) - Just getting our for awhile Wee Jock, I may be some time. (dog barking) Janice. - You'd better go straight in. He's waiting for you. - [Cameron] Come in. It's not entirely satisfactory, is it? - No. - [Cameron] Some people think 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that the world turns on credit. You would appear to agree with the, Constable. - Well, I don't know. - I don't subscribe to that notion. Thrift, thrift, it's a virtue that preserves purity of thought, keeps us from sinful avenues. You could say it brings us closer to God. Would you agree, Constable Macbeth? - Well, I suppose. I don't know, my. - And yet you seem to have lost that virtue. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Well I had a few unforeseen expenses. - Indeed you have. This very day, a check for 340 pounds presented by McKale Pines Wholesale Whisky and Spirits Limited, Inverness. - Special bulk buy bargain offer. - It's a bargain with the devil, that's what it is. The check has been returned unpaid. You've got a month to find the 1,356 pounds you owe this bank before we commence proceedings. You can hand in your cash cad on the way out. - How am I gonna eat? - It's a wicked, sinful world we live in P.C. Macbeth and we are both put here by the law to turn folk away from error, no matter how painful that redemption is. - [Hamish] Hey Jimmy. Duncan. Hey. - Oh, morning, Hamish. - Mr. Suitor, I'm ready for you now. - It's all right, son, I'll take care of this. - So there we were, oh 63 p please. So it's the big fight, big doggy gets his knife, that's waving it in front of Bobby's face. - There's 55. - Before anyone can stop him, he steps up to Bob, slips on the floorboard and wham, in goes the blade right up to the helt. It was an awful sight. The blood was sputting out of Bobby in a jet, great big gobs of it. I tell you, it was terrible. - 63 pence. There you go. See you later, Rory. - Hey, hey, you've not listened to a word I've said. I'm just after telling you how Bobby Galaspy was stabbed. - Bobby Galaspy? When? - Last night at the rehearsal. - Oh right. - It was a terrible accident. God alone knows how we're gonna replace a singer of Bobby's caliber with only three weeks to go. - Yeah well... - Hey, you've given me Spanish money. - Could you let me off a bit Rory? The bank manager stopped my cash point card. - Never. - Wee Jock's sitting out in the car and he's starving. - Oh for goodness sake, state of the world. Letting a wee dog starve like that. There. - That's very kind of you, Rory, very kind. Kind of hungry myself. - Help yourself. Pay me when you can. - I really appreciate this Rory. Anything I can do for you, anything. - Ugh, wished. Hey Hamish, there might be just a wee something. ♪ When you're a jet ♪ ♪ You're the top cat in town ♪ ♪ You're a gold metal cat with a heavy weight crown ♪ ♪ When you're a jet ♪ ♪ You're the swing of the sting ♪ ♪ Little boy, you're a man ♪ ♪ Little man, you're a king ♪ ♪ The jets are in gear ♪ ♪ Our cylinders are kicking ♪ ♪ The sharks stay clear ♪ ♪ 'Cause every part of weekend's a lousy chicken ♪ ♪ Here come the Jets like a bat out of hell ♪ ♪ Someone gets in our way ♪ ♪ Someone don't feel so well ♪ ♪ Here come the Jets with a whirl and a sigh ♪ ♪ Better go on the ground ♪ ♪ Better run, better hide ♪ ♪ We're drawing a line ♪ ♪ So keep your noses hidden ♪ ♪ We're hanging a sign ♪ ♪ See this is just the bidding ♪ ♪ And we ain't kidding ♪ ♪ Here come the Jets, yeah ♪ ♪ Here come the beats ♪ ♪ Every last fucking guy on the whole bugging streets ♪ ♪ On the whole bugging ever loving streets ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ - [Rory] Nice little right hand hook there Esme. - [Esme] Thank you, Rory. - I can appreciate a woman with supple hands. - Good, good, all of you. Hamish, not bad for a first try. - Let me get this straight, there's two gangs, right, the Jets and the Sharks and they're always like fighting, stabbing one another? But in between, they feel better singing and dancing? - That's it. - Uh huh. And like these are the Jets who are like a band of savage teenage thugs? - Do you have a problem with that, Hamish? - Well I mean come on, you've got it, mate. No, no, where's the Sharks? - We do them as well. - So what happens when the Jets and the Sharks meet up? - It's surprising with a bit of subtle reworking how seldom they have to meet. - How 'bout when they do? - We spread out. - Sorry Isobel, I had to work. - Well, you're cutting it fine. We're just about to do your scene. - Sorry. Evening, Hamish. - [Hamish] All right, Jimmy. - Scene 21 please. - Is that Phyllis Dix, bank manager's daughter? - It is. Okay Rory, roll it. - I didn't know you and Jimmy could act. - Oh there's not much acting about it. Watch this. ♪ Only you ♪ ♪ You're the only thing I'll see forever ♪ ♪ In my eyes, in my words ♪ ♪ And in everything I do ♪ ♪ Nothing else but you ever ♪ - Does her father know she's doing this? - How should I know? - What's the matter with you? Just saying I don't think her father would approve of the way she's handling young Jimmy. - Well, that's what West Side Story's all about, Hamish, forbidden starcrossed love. ♪ All the world is only you and me ♪ ♪ Tonight, tonight, it all began tonight ♪ ♪ I saw you and the world went away ♪ ♪ Tonight, tonight, there's only you tonight ♪ ♪ What you are, what you do, what you say ♪ ♪ Today, oh day I had that feeling ♪ ♪ A miracle would happen ♪ ♪ I know now I was right ♪ ♪ For he and I ♪ ♪ And what was just a world ♪ (ominous music) (gentle music) ♪ He gives and when he takes away ♪ ♪ He takes but what he gave ♪ ♪ But here you are ♪ ♪ And what was just a world is a star tonight ♪ (clears throat) - Jimmy, Phyllis, that was great. Jimmy. - Sorry. Do it again? - No, that won't be necessary. Some of these men'll need hospitalization if they have to witness unbridled lust twice in one night. Come on now, there's work to be done. - [Hamish] I'm telling you, I didn't know you had it in you Jimmy son. - Just a wee bit, you know. - Is your dad okay? - How? - Didn't look himself in the bank this morning. - It's nothing we can't handle. Are you coming? See ya. - See ya. Johnny. Tell me, you wouldn't happen to know if there's anything wrong with Jimmy's father, would you? - Well, that would be confidential of course. - Well yeah of course, yeah. - It's a hard life keeping sheep on these hills, solitude, financial crisis, drink, it could all conspire to break a man, hypothetically speaking, of course. - Course. A man might need a wee bit of help even if he was too proud to ask. - Hypothetically, ay. - Step, step, kick, hey. Step, step, kick, hey. Hamish, look at this. Step, step, step, kick, nobody. ♪ Easy does it ♪ - Hey the drinks are on me! - Hot dog! - It is amazing the strange magic of theater that leads grown men to make complete tits of themselves. - Absolutely. (giggling) (ominous music) - What was Mr. Macbeth saying about your dad? - Well my dad's just since my mom died, he's not been right. Everything's kind of, I don't know, (mumbles)? - Was my father sympathetic at the bank? - Not very. - I'm sorry. - It's okay. We'll cope. - Oh my hands are cold. Yours too. - You're not kidding around here? - I haven't yet learned how to joke that way. I don't think I ever will. - Get your hands off her. - Kenneth! - [Kenneth] Stay away from my sister. There's only one thing he wants from you. - Kenneth, just mind your own business. - How can I? You'll end up cast from the sight of the Lord. You'll be nothing but a visitor of clinics. - Kenneth, shut up and get lost. - No. You've been missing meetings of the Good News Fellowship for weeks. Does father know what you've been doing instead? - Look, Kenneth, don't tell. It's just a musical, it's harmless. - Well, we'll have to see about that, won't we? - Jesus, he's (mumbles), Kenneth. - Yes. I think it's his hormones. - Well, I know how he feels. At least I didn't get God, just plukes. - I don't care. Come here. - Well it's a night made for loving, Jocky boy. But my woman doesn't want me. (mumbles) not even want three cases of the finest malt whisky in the land. (knocking) - Hamish. - [Hamish] Isobel. - You forgot your script. (ominous music) - [Bank Manager] Grace. What do you have to tell me daughter? - Dad. - You have been missing your church meetings to attend rehearsals of an entertainment which I am told involves dancing in public. - I... Yes. - And now Kenneth says he's found you compromising your dignity with a village boy. Who is he? - [Kenneth] Jimmy Suitor. - [Bank Manager] Duncan Suitor's boy? - That's correct, father. He was all over her, hands everywhere. - Enough. His father's an idle waster who cannot live within his means. - That's not true. - I'll not let you taint the memory of your mother with such want and foolishness. You're not to see him again, you hear me girl? - [Kenneth] Good night, father. - Good night. You did right to ring this to me, Kenneth. Your mother would have approved. - I wish I'd known her. - She was a fine upstanding woman, son, unlike some you'll find. On you go. Fine woman. - Shouldn't really be drinking this stuff. That bank manager bounced my check. I'm in debt up to my ears. - What are you going to do? - I don't know. Maybe run away to the rinks. - No, you don't want to do that. You'd be missed. - Will I? - Yeah. - What? - Hamish! Hamish, are you all right? - For god's sake, what is it? - I sensed something, some sort of karmic surge coming out of your house, something going down. I thought you might be in some kind of trouble. - Does it look like I'm in trouble? - Well you can't be too careful. You've opened a bottle then? - Ugh, sit down, I'll get you a glass. - [Johnny] Isobel. - Hello? Duncan? Hi Jimmy. - Hey. - How you doing? - Good. - I was wondering if I could have a word with your father? - Sure. Listen, you better come in. - Duncan. Come on, Duncan, you need to get a move on, man. It's 11 o'clock already. - There's no point. - There's every point. Come on, the world's not such a terrible place. There's young Jimmy, he's the toast of the village and he'll be singing. Have a romance with youngest Dix as well, I hear. - What? Not the Dix girl. - Dad. - Are you trying to shame me, boy? I told you to stay away from her. Her father's intent to drive me out of business and you run around with his girl behind my back. - Duncan. - You keep away from that girl. For god's sake, what are you trying to do to me boy? God's sakes. - Duncan, he's just a boy, Duncan. - I can hear the seal calls from here. - The who? - The seal folk, the singers. Mary's down there. - Mary's been dead for seven years. - No, no, no she's down there calling for Jimmy. She went back to the seal folk and now she wants him as well. They come back for their own, you see? - Duncan. Look, the guy has cashed in his marbles, it's obvious. - Maybe ay, maybe no. - You're not saying you believe him? - I'm not saying I believe him, not saying I don't believe him. - Well thank you, Paddy Ashton. You're saying to me that you believe that this guy's wife has turned into a seal? - A thing doesn't actually need to happen for it to be real. - He's a break, John. - Duncan's suffering from love sickness and he's not the only one. - What? - There's a seal key calling for you as well, Macbeth. - I'm warning you. - But you're looking on the wrong beach. - I'm off. And John, John, stop polishing the fax machine. ♪ Make of our hands one hand ♪ ♪ Make of our hearts one heart ♪ ♪ Make of our vows one last vow ♪ ♪ Only death will part us now ♪ ♪ Make of our lives one life ♪ ♪ Day after day one life ♪ ♪ Now it begins, now we start ♪ ♪ One hand, one heart ♪ ♪ Even death won't part us now ♪ - Seize this sinful spectacle. Put my daughter down, boy. - Excuse me, Mr. Dix, but you're interrupting our rehearsal. - This rehearsal is over. Under the standing orders of the church hall subcommittee, any lewd or licentious use is barred at the discretion of the chairman of the said subcommittee. - And who is the chairman? - I am. Phyllis, home. - It's scandalous, two months hard work down the drain. - Oh, it's just our luck to have a religious maniac on our patch. - There's nothing to do. We'll have to all the production off. - We can't give up as easy as that. If Carmen and Dix want to what is it, rumble, then I say we rumble. What do you say? - Well I say go go. - I say mix. - I say boomba boomba. - Wacko dacko. - I applaud the sentiment, ladies and gentlemen, but what can we do? Dix is well in with the minister. - Discredit him. - [Male] Discredit him? - Mmhmm. - You need to have done something to be discredited. The pope has more form than Cameron Dix. - Oh come on. If we can't find any dirt on him, we just have to make it up. - Always the consummate police professional, eh, Hamish? - There's guilt tugging at the heart of that man. I can see it. You mark what I'm saying, he's got a past. - [Hamish] I hate to say it, but he's seldom wrong. - Hey, I've just remembered something, something a mate of mine told me once. - [Male] What? - Do you know I never gave it one thought? - Come on, what? - Hey, hang on. Hi, Zoot boy, hi. Yes, it's Lachlan McCrae here. Ay, that Lachlan. Yes, so how's sunny in Inverness then? You southerners get all the good weather, eh? Yes, I was wondering did you tell me once that you knew Cameron Dix back in the '60s? Yes, that was great days in Loch Deaux as well? Yes. (upbeat Scottish music) - Zoot. - Zoot ay ay. - Who is he? - Well he used to be a old customer of mine, you know? And he was a leading light in the bohemian catfish society in Inverness. - I never knew they had bohemians in Inverness. - This was in 1967, man, you know mini skirts, music, free love. - Sometimes I think I've wasted my entire life. - I'm afraid the bank can't do anything more for you, Mr. Suitor. If you can't meet your commitments in five days, we'll be commencing repossession. - My farm? You'd put me out? That was the agreement. - There nothing, is there nothing I can do? - If you can't keep your son off of my girl, I'll keep you out of my town. - What? - So I think that concludes the interview, Mr. Suitor. Thank you very much for coming in. Good morning. - Ay, it's some place you've got here, Zoot boy. - Kind of freaky, ain't it lads? - It is. - Very nice. - You should be here for one of our nature communion weekends. It's like a sex machine. - Ah, sounds cracking boy. Zoot, didn't you tell me that you knew Cameron Dix, didn't you - Know him? I was his best man. - Really? - Oh, one of the swingingest gigs ever. We stained ourselves, we blew wood, we hailed the sun as it rose out of deng wall and flung ourselves naked in the Caldonian canal. Fantastic. - This can't be the same Cameron Dix. - Yeah, it was. He ran off with a poor sergeant in the end, good Cameron never even got his car keys back. It was right about then he signed himself up with the Godswood. Definitely not my scene lad, you dig? - [Hamish] I thought his wife was dead? - No, no, no, come here. This is in '67. Give you a whole new meaning to the term pleasure beach, I can tell you. This is Effie. (sexy music) She's only had summer shop with work these days. - Oh. - My God. - I wonder Zoot, do you think you could give us a loan of that for a couple days in wick? - Ay, busy? - No, it's Cameron's been creating a few negative vibes in the village, you know, upsetting folk unnecessary but I think if he was to see these photographs he might change his ways, do you know what I mean? - Oh I see. Would you's be interested in the film I shot at the Near and Free Love Festival in '69? My God, what a gig that was. Didn't hear a stich on for a fortnight. Ay, we all know when we get old, Donkey Dix, his nickname. - Donkey? - Oh God, I've never seen nothing like it. - Oh, well I suppose we could take a wee look. Couldn't we? See you later. - See you. - [Jimmy] Hamish. - [Hamish] Jimmy. - Hamish, you need to come. It's dad. He's off his head. - Come on in. Alright Jimmy, you just try and get some sleep and you can go back in the morning when he's calm. - He's going to lose the farm and it's all because of me. - It's not your fault. - He's smashing the place up. I tried to stop him but he just went for me. - Jimmy, I'll take care of you, okay? Okay? (ominous music) Duncan? (sheep baaing) - You get your hands off her. You just keep off. - [Hamish] Duncan, take it easy. Duncan, you all right, you all right? - Hamish. I can't stand it. I'm losing it Hamish, I'm losing it all. - All right, all right. (sobbing) - You've got a customer, Hamish. - Mr. Dix, something I can do for you? Perhaps you heard there's someone enjoying themselves and you want me to lock them up. - You would be better advised not to take that satirical tone with me, Macbeth. I want Jimmy Suitor found and arrested. - For what? - For taking my girl against my will. She went out last night and didn't return. I want them found. - Well your girl wasn't with Jimmy last night. - You know that for a fact? - I do. Jimmy still in the cells John? - Ay, but it's not that simple. - Right, Mr. Dix, this way. - Hamish, I don't think this is a good idea. - You want proof that Jimmy was alone last night? Right behind this door. - Hamish. - I very much regret this course of action but in this event repossession proceedings are being brought forward and will commence immediately. Yours, et cetera, et cetera. Right Janice, get that off to Suitor. - Yes, Mr. Dix. - Uh, take another. To Police Complaints Inverness, Dear Sir, I wish to report the use of a police station as a brothel. - You're ruining everything. - Thank you, Janice, we'll do this later. I won't have you associating with that boy. - You can't stop me. - Well, we'll have to see. You might find that he's moving out of the district. His father's gone bankrupt. - Yes, you made sure of that, didn't you? - Phyllis, I'm trying to do my duty by you. - I hate you. - Wait, Phyllis, come back here. - I never realized what a wonderful sport volleyball was. (shushing) (snapping) (whistling) ♪ Here come the Jets ♪ ♪ Like a bat out of hell ♪ ♪ Someone gets in their way ♪ ♪ Someone don't feel so well ♪ (ominous music) - Gentlemen, I give you a toast, revenge. - [All] Revenge. - Apparently his wife isn't even dead, he just pretended she was. Even his children don't know. When this gets out, he's finished in this place. - Ay, the man's been living a lie. And now he's going to pay. - [Male] Hamish. - [Hamish] Phyllis. - I came to, I thought Jimmy was still here. - Better go after her. (throwing up) Phyllis, I'm really sorry you had to witness that. I don't know what we were thinking. - How could he? All these years thinking she was dead. - Well I don't know, I mean, maybe he felt he had to make up a story to help him cope with the loss. People do that all the time. - This'll kill Kenneth, he thought my mother was a saint. - I'm really sorry. Look, why don't you and me put our heads together and see if we can do something great for a change? Ay? Come on. - Brought the post down from the road. Right then. - Jimmy, don't go son. I can't manage. - I've got to get out. - What's that? - That's your holiday shots from Nairn. - What are you talking about? I haven't been to Nairn for... - Why didn't you tell me my mother was alive? - Phyllis... - Morning father. Blessed fruit, oh Lord. May your fruit strengthen our will against the forces of sin. Amen. - Amen. - Sorry father, I'm late for school, got to dash. - Your mother didn't want you. I had to find a way of making things right. Kenneth-- - Kenneth thinks she was next to God. She wasn't. - You mustn't tell him. Please. I don't want him hurt. - You're gonna let Jimmy's dad keep his farm. Otherwise, I'm leaving. And Kenneth gets the whole story. - You can't. Phyllis, don't leave. - It's up to you. - Damn you Effie. Damn you. (ominous music) - That was Cameron Dix's car. - Better get after him. - Suitor! Suitor! Mr. Suitor! (ominous music) Mr. Suitor! Don't do it, no! Mr. Suitor! - Dad! (gunshot fires) - Suitor. - It's okay, it's okay, it's done, it's okay. (sobbing) (dramatic music) - Kenneth. Kenneth. (crying) - Father. (snapping) ♪ Boy, boy, crazy boy ♪ ♪ Get cool boy ♪ ♪ Got a rocket in your pocket ♪ ♪ Keep cooly cool, boy ♪ ♪ Don't get hot ♪ ♪ 'Cause man you've got some hard times ahead ♪ ♪ Take it slow ♪ ♪ And daddy oh ♪ ♪ You can live it up in Dahi Bay ♪ ♪ Boy, boy, crazy boy ♪ ♪ Stay loose boy ♪ ♪ Race it, buzz it, easy does it ♪ ♪ Turn off the juice, boy ♪ ♪ Go ahead go ♪ ♪ But not like a yo-yo school boy ♪ - Good night. - Night. - [Female] Tony, when you come use the back door. - [Jimmy] Si. - [Female] Oh Tony, what does Tony stand for? - [Jimmy] Anton. - [Female] (speaking in foreign language) Anton. (speaking in foreign language) ♪ Goodnight goodnight ♪ ♪ Sleep well and when you dream ♪ ♪ Dream of me ♪ ♪ Tonight ♪ (upbeat guitar music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 