Hamish Macbeth: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hamish Macbeth 
 s3e4 - The Good Thief - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hamish Macbeth (1995–1997): Season 3, Episode 4 - The Good Thief - full transcript 
 The time has come for the annual singing contest between Lochdubh's Stag Bar and the rival Dunbracken Arms. Young Frankie is revealed to have the voice of an angel and so the villagers look to him to win them the Willie McPhee trophy as best singer. however trouble appears in the shape of Tusker Gray,a friend of - and bad influence on - Frankie from Glasgow,who threatens to undermine the whole show. Hamish has to find Tusker's little secret to persuade him to let the show go on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Have I missed him? - He hasn't started yet. - Any minute now. - Shh. Gillian, do the curtains. Ladies and gentlemen, Frankie Bryce. Och, man, would you listen to that! I'm listening. I'm listening! I definitely want a piece of this action, Barney. Sure, honey, sure. It would take an angel to beat that. An angel. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You all right, Mr McClintock? Something in your eye? Only a tear, Hamish, only a tear. You know, I thought I had a hard life until I met that poor boy. My life's been full of good fortune compared with the life and times of blind boy Tusker Gray. Blind boy? He was an orphan, Hamish. He was raised in a home. He'd to endure a life of pain and desertion. "When people came for children, to take them for their own, "they always took some other child and I was left alone." Those were his very words, Hamish. Left alone, eh? A wee sing-along-a-Hamish, eh, Mr McClintock? ♪ Now people come for children 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ To take them for their own ♪ But they always seem to pass me by ♪ And I am left alone ♪ Now I know that they would take me ♪ But when they see I'm blind ♪ On you go. ♪ They always take some other child ♪ And I am left behind ♪ That's Nobody's Child, Hamish. Did blind boy Tusker Gray have a ticket? Hey, you! Come back here, you wee toerag. Who - me? Aye, you're right, Rory, 26 years. 26 years of eating humble pie and watching a Dunbracken boy walk off wi' the Willie McGraw Memorial Trophy. 26 years watching the regulars of the Dunbracken Arms walk off wi' the annual wager but not this year, this year it's our turn. I think you and I should have a wee chat. About what? About the kinda lowlife that goes around pretending to be blind just so he can dodge his train fare. Lighten up, eh? What's his name? Never mind his name. What if an inspector had come on? Mr McClintock could've been signing on come Monday - did you think of that? What if, what if?! Thanks tae me, that guy was feeling good aboot himself. Enjoying that warm glow you get when you help the less fortunate, - then you go and spoil it for him. - I spoiled it for him? I'm no the one pretendin' to be blind. Take it easy, yer hurtin' ma ears. I'll be kicking yer backside if I get any more cheek. It was out of order, pal, it was offensive. - Offensive tae who? - Tae blind people. How are they gonna know what I'm daein if they're blind, pal? Somebody might tell them. This is a small village. Something like that can... But it's no the issue, it's the ethics o' the thing is the point. Look, ye caught me fair and square, so either toss me in the jug or let it rest, but spare me the sermon, cos frankly, you're no very good at it. Well, it is still an option, ye know - the jug - unless I get yer word there's no more blind boy Tusker Gray. Solemn promise. OK? OK. His name's Jock. - Hello, Jean. - Thanks for coming up, Thomas. This is the best day ever, Lachie. I'm gonna sing for Lochdubh and Cnothan. As long as you win for Lochdubh and Cnothan. Come on out, there's someone here to see you. Who? - Hello, Frankie. - Tusker! Tusker! Nobody said ye were comin'. Not a word, not a dickie bird. Who won last time out? Me. Double or quits? - Post Office on the corner. - On. Go. - Jock! Jock! Thanks for collecting him, Hamish. Was he impressed to get picked up in the police van? Ah, no. I don't think there's that much would impress that kid. How'd you get on at the school? If we don't beat Dunbracken this year, we'll never beat them. Frankie's a real surprise talent and Esme's done a fantastic job with him. Right, Jock? - Who won? - A draw, I'd say. Come on, let's get Thomas inside. That, ladies and gentlemen, was the honey-sweet voice of young Frank Bryce - discovered and trained by our own delectable Esme here, to represent us against Dunbracken for the Willie McGraw Memorial Trophy. So... what did you think of him? - Well, I think I'll have a tenner on him. - Ten for the doc. A tenner for Duncan. Maggie? Fiver for you. There's something bothering you, I can tell. Have you heard from Isobel or something? No, no, it's no that. It's that wee pal of Frankie's, that Tusker. There's something no right wi' the boy. What d'you mean? I caught him up to a bit of mischief, I came the heavy copper, he acted like he couldnae care less. Maybe he could see through your act. I dunno. Maybe I'm losing my touch. Well, while you ponder on that, I'll go and get the bets on. Here, John... stick a tenner on for me, yeah? Sorry I'm late. - How'd it go? - Och, fine, you know. Thomas. - Business, Mr McCrae? - Yes. So, who's off the turf, then? - What? - Who's dead? Oh, Colonel McGregor, as a matter of fact. The McGregors are a prominent family in the area, Thomas. Minor aristocracy. That reminds me, I asked Hamish to get me some special cones for the street, for the colonel's final journey. Bound to be a big turnout. Lachie's a brilliant undertaker, Tusker. Every funeral's planned like a military operation. I mean, the bereaved just worship him. In't that right, Auntie Jean? That's right. There's more than the bereaved worship Lachie McCrae. That's the downside o' this setup. Every night you have to sit in the middle o' that romantic crosstalk and blowing kisses - it'd turn your stomach. Frankie! Sorry. - I was thinkin', Frankie... - What? D'you think you could stop callin' me Tusker? I find it kinda... juvenile. Sure. From here on, it's... Tommy. I understand your predicament perfectly, Thomas. You see, I'm known locally as Lachie Junior - a title that is wholly at odds with my social position. What position's that, Mr McCrae? Well, local undertaker. That's funny. I never thought of an undertaker as having a position. I always thought of it as a creepy job that was tailor-made for, well, creeps. Thomas! He's kidding you on. Right, Tommy? No, I'm serious. Dead serious. Oh, he's kidding you on. He's kidding you on, in't he? Black Bob. Well, well, well, it's the Lochdubh men come to part with some of their money. Ignore him. Did I tell you I had a nightmare last night, Lachlan? No, you never said, John. No? Well, I was standing on a cliff and this bus came careering towards me. All the passengers were Dunbracken men and as I watched, the whole bus went straight over the edge. Shut up. A busload of Dunbracken men going over a cliff - you call that a nightmare? It was! There were two empty seats. Ah-ah-ah! A little bit of respect for the law, gents, if you don't mind. Now get on wi' this or I'm outta here. We've come for the Willie McGraw Trophy since it's our turn to exhibit it before the competition. And to let you know that the Stag Bar wants to put £336 on our boy winning the competition. If you good people are able to match that. Oh, we'll match it, Hamish! And here's the trophy. 336? Aye, 336. And just to help you conceptualise that, Black Bob, it's the same as all the toes on 28 men. That can't be right, Lachlan. That would mean every man would have to have 12 toes. I was thinking of 28 Dunbracken men, TV John. Oh, aye, right enough. I was forgetting about the effects of the old limited gene pool. OK, this is gonna be kept in the Stag Bar in its usual place and once you're able to raise the money, OK. I'll bring it round personally, Hamish. Champion. Oh, and... ...this is a recording of young Frankie Bryce - our boy in the competition. - Thought ye might like a wee listen. - Hmph. After you, TV John. Aye, gents. See, it's the acoustics here. That's why this is the spot. You keep taking them. What're they for? They're for hay fever. All this heather goes for me. I didnae know ye had hay fever. I didn't know you could sing. There's judges that come up frae Inverness and hunners o' people come here to hear it - hunners! I mean, I'll have tae wear a highland kilt. This guy I'm up against, Brainy Balfour, he's won the contest for the last two years, but no this time, Tommy, cos I'm gonna win it. I mean, it's ma way of saying thank you tae the villagers for treatin' me so nice. As I said, it's a big deal really. Sounds like a load o' tosh tae me. Well, maybe, but frae my point o' view, it's important. And as for that Lachie, talk about a choob, eh? "Position in the community" How d'you pit up wi' that stuff? The man's a ghoul, that's what he is. Lachie's one of the best people I ever met, but since ye don't really know him, I guess yer entitled tae yer opinion. If somebody called ma friend a choob, I'd take exception. Take exception - what is this? You're ma best pal, ye can say what ye like, even if it's somethin' I don't agree with. So what, right? Sure. A present for ye. But it's yer multi-function prized possession. Dae ye want it or not? - Sure, but... - Well, it's yours. Tusker, what's wrong? - D'you really want tae know? - Sure I do. You owe me a quid. Go. That is a fine singer they have this year. Who did McCrae say it was? Alfie? Frankie Bryce. He's from Glasgow. From Glasgow? Are you sure? I'm sure. Something wrong, Harry? Oh, there's something wrong all right, Black Bob, but only if you're a Lochdubh or Cnothan man. This is going to be the easiest money we've ever made. So, come on. Stomp up! Wouldn't you like lemonade? No, this is fine. Are you all right? Is it a headache? No, they're for hay fever. Hi. Would you turn that off, boy. - Hamish. - Harry, Black Bob. Should've said you were coming, I'd have come in with you. - There's no need, Hamish. - They're all in deep shock, Hamish. Too numb to be of any trouble. Come on, boy. OK, what's up? Harry Balfour brought Dunbracken's money round. - So what's the problem? - They've doubled it. They also brought a copy of the rules for the Willie McGraw singing competition. What rules? Ones that say the competitors must be natives of the village they represent. Frankie's not eligible, Hamish, being from Glasgow. Did anyone think to check this out? We didn't even know there were rules, Hamish. It would seem the Dunbracken men aren't quite as retarded as we thought. So there's nothing we can do? Esme says there's no time to get a substitute ready. It'll be a walkover, Hamish. And the Dunbracken men walk away with our money. Wait a minute. What is it, dearest? I think there's something here we might be able to use. Rule eight. - Rule eight? - Yes. Apparently Willie McGraw was keen for entrants to be more than just kilt-swinging himbos with nice voices. Spit it out, dearest. According to rule eight, boys putting themselves forward for the trophy were meant to be well-rounded lads who, in addition to possessing a good singing voice, should be of excellent character and be capable of displaying some depth of intellect. Some depth of intellect? Young Alfie Balfour? He's got the intellectual depth of a bluebottle. I'd say there has to be room for negotiation on these rules. A trade-off, maybe. - Would you hold on? Quiet out there! Yes, I can see rule eight, Meldrum, so what's the point? I see. No, there'll be no objections from us, Meldrum, not since it's in the rules. - What is it? - They have found a substitute. But they want to incorporate a general knowledge quiz into the competition. Any boy failing to score 50% will be inedible. - Can they do that? - Oh, they can do that, Black Bob. General... knowledge? Has anyone got a book? Here you are, Esme. It's on the house. Of course I did play a substantial part in the plan too, Barney. - So you did. - But will it work? - It's got to work. - Right. What do you call it when a shadow passes across the sun? We call it... night time. Correct! No, that's not correct. An eclipse. You call it an eclipse. An... An eclipse. Right, next question. What sport do you associate with Cowes? Jumpin' over the moon. Cowes - C-O-W-E-S, the Isle of Wight. Sailing! I'm tired. My brain's sore and I'm tired. I want to go to bed. No, you are not going to bed until you've answered one question, just one right answer. Now, there was a prince that was known as the Young Pretender. He led a Jacobite rebellion in 1745 - what was his name? For the love of God, what was his name? It was... Yes? It was... Bo... - Bo... - Bo... Bo... Prince Bo-Bo. - What? - That's what you said. No. Bonny Prince Charlie. Bo-nny, no Bo-bo! I've never heard of a Prince Bo-bo. No one is called Bo-bo. No one... Dear God! Hello. Ah, Mr Balfour. That's very generous of you... and of course, we agree. Well? What did he say? Frankie can sing in the competition if... we drop the general knowledge rule. Yes! Do you like that Macbeth? Yup. I think he's a numpty. What d'you say to that? I told you, you're entitled tae yer ain opinion, even if it's wrong. Frankie, I've come up wi' this great scam. It's like ye get tae take a rise oot the whole world. Ye in on it? What dae ye want tae take a rise oot the whole world for? I've got ma reasons. So, whit d'ye say? Sounds interesting. Tomorrow then. - Aye, Lachie. - Aye. How many cars are we expecting? A dozen or upwards, Hamish. This should just about do it. Give us a shout if you need any more. Thanks, Hamish. My daddy mentioned this business about the singing contest. Thank God for rule eight, eh? I just hope that Dunbracken crew don't come up with any other impediment. No way. We've been through the rules wi' a fine tooth comb. Nothin' can go wrong. I picked it up in a jumble sale. I give you the blind boy, Frankie. What're you doing? Blind and homeless, blind and homeless. Tusker, stop this - this is wrong! Thank you, sir... or madam. See, he didn't seem tae mind. Blind and homeless, blind and homeless. Tusker, stop this, it stinks. Shut up, right? Just shut up. If you've no got the bottle, then beat it. Hey, you. - Blind and homeless. - Tusker, it's Hamish. So what? And I told you, it's no Tusker, it's Tommy. Blind and homeless. Haven't I warned you about this? What've I told you? - You're queering ma pitch. - What's goin' on here? Listen, you made me a promise, you gave me your word. I had ma fingers crossed. Promises don't count wi' crossed fingers. Every dimwit knows that. Blind and homeless. Stop this right now or I'll lose my patience wi' you. Do what he says or you're out o' my house and on your way home. They're ganging up on me, so who you with? I said who you with, Frankie? I'm wi' you, Tommy. And will you let 'em take me away? If you go, I go. I'm sorry aboot this, Lachie, but that's the way it is. I was part o' this too, Hamish. If you lift Tommy, you have to lift me. I'm goin' home. Come on, Tommy. I said, come on, Tommy! What're you gonna do, Hamish? Forget about it. - Thanks, Hamish. - For what? Frankie's no part of this. The kid's playing the loyalty card. Funky rate, pal. This is my place. Who are you? Name's Tommy Gray. Can I have one? Sure. - I'm Alfie Balfour. - Ah, the singer. How'd you know that? I'm a friend of Frankie Bryce. I hope that's OK. No problem. You can tell him I think he'll win. Tell him I don't give a monkey's. I've won twice before and it's no worth the hassle. I'll tell him. Can I have a shot? There you go. - Look out there. - For goodness' sake! And don't forget this lovely wedge, my darling. Have you thought about what you're going to do with your winnings? Something, er... sheer, I thought. What about you? I've been considering a radical change in the underwear department myself. You mean, out with the boxer shorts at last? And in with the pink satin pouch, just like you've always wanted. Be still my beating heart. Good evening, Mr Meldrum. Frankie. Just having a wee... joke here with Mrs Meldrum. Whose just finished polishing the Willie McGraw Trophy for the umpteenth time. Seeing as how it's going to be up on the shelf there for a year. I'll try my best, Agnes, my very best. That's all anyone can ask, young Frankie. Now, what can I get you? - A Coke? - No, thanks. I was looking for the Doc. - Over there, son. - Thanks. Is that, erm... What? No, no, no, no, no. You don't? - Nah. - Good. What can I do for you? What I want tae know, Doc, is, can medicine change people? I mean, my friend Tusker, Tommy, he's just no been the same person. It's been Jekyll and Hyde wi' him. It's possible. What kind of medicine is he taking? I wrote it doon. Don't know it. You wouldn't know who his doctor is, would you? Sure, same one I had. Then write that down too and I'll see if I can contact him. You're a gent, Doc. So, where are the boys, then? Oh, sleepin' in. Oh, so it's... just you and me then? Of course it's just you and me. Oh! Just... you and me! Right. Just... you and me. Well, you can... bring it into me then... my tea. Your wish is my command, O Great One. In here. Hi, Agnes. What was taken? Just the trophy and the money, Hamish. Whoever it was, came in through the window in the gents toilet. And I think they slipped the latch with that. I found it outside. Where's Barney? Well, as far as he's concerned, this is the work of the Dunbracken crew. He said he was gonna raise an army to go over there. I can't see this belonging to a Dunbracken man, Hamish. All these blades would only confuse them. A Dunbracken man wouldn't have to search for the trophy either, would he? Around the back. You can deal wi' this. Agnes. What the hell happened? We were sorting out these thieving halfwits, when we fell into Balfour's harem. My harem? What are you insinuating, Meldrum? I think you better get yourselves cleaned up and then we can see what's what. Would you fancy a glass of lemonade or something, Agnes? Only if you're havin' one yourself, John. I think I might risk a pint of Balfour's watery beer. Well, I better go ahead, make sure the glasses are clean. There is no watery beer in my pub and there are no dirty glasses! Come on and get cleaned up like John said. Esme'll kill me when she sees the state o' me. She says I've got skin like a peach. It's what turns her on, she says. Now look at me. Ever seen this before? That's mine. Tommy gave it to me. Hamish, Frankie didn't take the money. Why would he do that? You know him. He went out late last night. He thought I was asleep and when he came back, I seen him put something in his drawer. - Tusker! - You're a liar. - Thomas, what are you saying? - Mind if I look in the drawer? - Look all you want. - It's the bottom drawer, Hamish. Auntie Jean, I never took it. Lachie, I swear. For God's sake, Hamish, Jean said it, you know the boy. I know and I know he didn't take this. Whoever broke into the hotel had to search the lounge bar first. Frankie wouldn't do that. He knew exactly where the trophy was. I doubt there's a person in the entire district who wouldn't know where the trophy was. Whoever broke in was a stranger. A stranger that could get close enough to Frankie to steal his penknife. - You mind if I look in your things, son? - His things are over here, Hamish. Tusker! I told ye, it's not Tusker, it's Tommy. Get him out of here, please, Hamish. I want my parents to know everything I did here. Thomas... Can I get the next train? Yeah, there's one at five. Come on, I'll take you to the station. No, I don't want anybody with me, Jean. Nice bit of police work that, Hamish. Aye. How come I don't feel that pleased wi' myself then? - What do you... - Where's Macbeth? Ah, Mr Balfour. Something stinks here. The story is that young Bryce is off the hook because you say the Stag Bar was turned over by someone who didn't know where to find the trophy. That's right - Thomas Gray. Tell him, boy. The other boy, Tommy, he knew where the trophy's kept. He asked me and I told him. Then why in God's name did he search the place, Hamish? Maybe young Frankie did the deed himself and then faked the search to throw suspicion on this other boy. Well, that's my hypotenuse. - Rubbish! - Hamish? Not now, Doc, I'm busy. Tusker Gray, is he here? What do you want him for? Just... treat him carefully, Hamish. - Why? - That boy is seriously ill. What? I made a call to his doctor. Young Frankie was concerned. It's doubtful whether that boy will see his 18th birthday. No. My thoughts exactly. Hamish? On the basis of what you just told me, I could be about to screw up big-time. So, if you're lying, your singing days are over. I'm tellin' the truth. I just spoke to young Alfie Balfour. Who's he? You know who he is. It doesn't really add up, does it? You knew exactly where the money was because Alfie told you, yet you still searched the lounge bar. You never took anything. You just searched, you just left things lying around for me to find and come over all policeman-like. That's what you did, innit? You left me a clue. Exposed yourself as a thief. Worse, you exposed yourself as a thief that'd try and shift the blame onto his best pal. I know you're ill, Thomas. I know how ill. And I think you know as well, is that right? How d'you find out aboot that kinda thing? You listen at the door. You hear them crying. Your mum and dad? That's right. Listen, if I promise not to breathe a word about this, d'you think you could maybe, erm... tell me the truth? Solemn promise? Absolutely. You think that... when the time comes it's gonna be easier on Frankie if he hates you, is that what you think? I tried to turn him against me by makin' him call me Tommy. Then I was badmouthing Mr McCrae, then you, next it was the begging scam but nothing worked... so I did the robbery. And you intend doing the same thing to your parents - make them hate you? Worked here, didn't it? Y'know, if you don't mind me sayin', I don't think your plan really makes an awful lot of sense. I mean, you think Frankie's walking about just now hatin' your guts. Well, for my money, he's gonna be pretty hurt - wondering what he did to deserve this, feeling all the things you thought you were gonna spare him. But bad as that is, Frankie's no the real worry here. The worry's your parents. If you do this thing, you're gonna destroy them, sure as you and me are standing here. Can I go for my train now? So, it's you, is it? Blind boy Tusker Gray himself. Well, well, well. - Sorry about that. - And so you should be. Well, get on if you're getting on. I'm not going to bite you. I think I'll stay here a wee while longer, Mr McClintock. As you wish. All aboard. - That was a close run thing. - Aye, it was close. But you did it. Thank you. What an eejit you are, Tusker. You promised. Well done, boy! - Good luck. - Thanks. It's in the bag, ma man. It's in the bag. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 