Speed Is the New Black: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Speed Is the New Black 
 s1e5 - Corvetter's Gonna Hate - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Speed Is the New Black (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Corvetter's Gonna Hate - full transcript 
 A running and restored 1962 Corvette is chopped and dropped as Noah and team set out to retain the natural beauty of the vehicle while amplifying its performance specs to compete with modern racers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I say **** the Corvette mafia. Coming up That's a good looking car. Almost seems a shame to rip it apart. It's a double dose of '62 Chevrolet. It looks like a piece of art, but I want it to drive and be fun to drive. A little red Corvette is reborn with a modern makeover. Oh! Oh! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's the whole spare tire well. And a vintage Bel Air becomes the ultimate beach cruiser. I'm going surfing. That's on my bucket list. It's Speed Shop mayhem. This is why we need to test fit things. We did. Bringing these classic rides into the 21st century. Boy, I love them wheels. You're the king of classic cars, my friend. Making a car look good, for us, that's a given. Making a car perform, that's our specialty. Here at Classic Car Studio my team of visionaries and master 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 craftsman take cars of all kinds and transform them into custom-tailored, high-performance rides. You want to win shows, go somewhere else. You want to win shows and haul ass, we're the shop for you. Because here "Speed is the New Black." Well, thanks for coming in, John. I know this has been a process that's been at least going on for you a couple of years now. I've got a new client coming by. His name's John. And I have an absolutely hands-down, top-notch car that we're going to completely change for him. And you've thought about the '62 Corvette. I know you test drove some. So you want to take a look and see what-- Yeah, yeah. Let's see it looks like. We've been talking about a donor car. And this is not your typical donor car. So I hope you like what we got. But let's take a look. John's been looking for a '62 Corvette for over four years. I found him an amazing car. And I think he's going to love it. What do you think? - That's a good looking car. It's a great looking car. That's a good looking car. Almost seems a shame to rip it apart. I hope we don't piss off all the Corvette purists out there. But we're not building it for them. We're building the car that you want. Right, but when you get those old cars, those classic cars, it's like looking at art. But you can't use them. This will be one that's fun to drive and look nice. I'm here today because what I'm trying to do is get something that looks like this but drives more like my Mercedes. If we do a lot of the stuff, changing out the engine, changing out the suspension, I think everything's going to come together. And I'm going to have something that I enjoy driving. I test drove these in the original state, much like this car. - And what did you think? - They're not drivable. - Right. In my opinion. I mean, they don't break. They don't steer. No, right. They don't have acceleration. You smell like exhaust when you're driving them. Absolutely. Some people, they enjoy that experience. It's just, it's not me. Yeah. It looks like a piece of art. And I like that. But I want it to drive and be fun to drive. - Yeah. - So that's what I'm after. The styling has endured and looks amazing. Performance has come a long long way and so has safety. So I think we can really take this car in a good direction. So we're going to start ordering parts. And I'll let you know as soon as we make some progress. - All right, very good. - Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. Absolutely. All right, here's the car guys. What do you think? It's done, right? It looks like it's done. But for our purposes, it's far from complete. What's the big idea we got going on here? He wants something with the classic styling, but he also wants to be able to drive it reliably, daily. He's driven a few of these and he thought they drove terribly. So we've got to fix that. We've got to put a more reliable engine in it. So an LS motor with an automatic transmission, maybe, catalytic converters, make it more like a modern car. I think that's a good idea. He'll get out of the car, he won't stink like exhaust. - Right. - Definitely chassis change. Get the stance right, wide wheel and tire bigger, get a lower-profile tire on there. I think we can drop it another four or five-- - A foot. --inches, yeah. - 12 inches. - Maybe a foot. Get rid of all the chrome. - No. - No? The Corvette people will cry. Wide body kit. - I don't think so. - No. Because I don't think that's what John wants. Here's what I think I'm gonna-- I say **** the Corvette mafia and cut it up. We build custom cars. You buy them like this new. I think the line we're going to have to ride here is keeping the outside fairly traditional while going in a new direction with everything else. So I don't know how far we can get him to go there, but I think we can get a lot out of hammering the car down on the ground, beefing up the stance. I think we should do just a timeless look, that if you put this car away for 20 years and you pulled it back out, it would be still cool. I think we fab like a speed grill type thing, more modern. Nope. No, we've got to do timeless, timeless look. It's timeless-- It's not timeless, man. It's classy, it's custom. Nope. It's cool but it's gonna look old in five years. It's going to look like a mullet. It's going to be like a mullet. That's what it's going to be. Like a mullet? A mullet Corvette, for real. If we build it like you want it, it might look like a mullet Corvette, the hockey hair. I love Scott because he's always thinking outside of the box. Sometimes he's a little too far outside of the box. A lot of my job is protecting customers from themselves. But sometimes I'm also protecting them from Scott. So you on board or what? Yeah, you in or out? What are you doing? - I guess. You sign the checks. - All right. - We're good. - All right. Let's do it. - All right. While we're replacing every last mechanical item on this car, we bought the car for the body. Because it's a really, really nice condition fiberglass body. So I told the guys to be careful with this thing and make sure it doesn't get messed up. - You got it, king? - Yep. We're getting ready to lift the body off of the chassis. We gotta tear the interior all out to find body-mount bolts and then get some type of a hoist mechanism or six, eight guys to lift the body off the chassis. There you go. Hercules! Man, this thing's really clean. It's nice to have one with no mouse ****.. I know. Get this out of our way. Find body mount bolts, Paul? Yeah, they're two in the front, one in the back. There we go. Good call, Paul. - Teamwork. - You ready? You pushing, king? Yeah, I'm pushing, dude. I mean, we've got to lift this thing and you can't even push it. Oh, come on, greasy granny. There we go. All right, well, let's get the cart over there. Then we gotta really think this out. We can't be breaking this body. - I know. So if we got six or eight guys, definitely dudes on the front and the back, guys down the side. Let's just manhandle it up. Hey, can I get any help over here before Noah comes in and **** our plan up? We gotta get this thing lifted up quick. I think he's going to be back any minute. And that's only six of us. We need eight. - What are you guys doing? OK. Oh, ****. We're gonna-- Are you actually gonna pick this thing off the frame-- We're gonna try. --using your-- Really? Dude, bam, you hear all the cracking? Why don't we winch it off? Because to winch it off with the dashboard and everything in it, we've got to take the doors off. You think six guys can pick this off the frame? The body in this car has never been hit. It's freaking pristine. So I walk out into the shop and Scott has this whole plan about how we need six to eight guys. And they're all just gonna lift this body off the chassis. I'm like, we've got a freaking winch. Let's use the winch. I don't want to jack it up by doing this the wrong way. So let's talk through this real quick before we really **** destroy it. I figured it's never been hit, never had damage, so we got a little room for error. So this is your time to come in and screw it up? Yeah, it's never had a bruise. And we could put one or two on it. Well, can we lift it straight up and see if it's too heavy and then we'll set her down? We could try that. All right, guys, man, I Googled this **** and they say six, eight guys, we can lift this thing no problem. They say it's going to be about 800 pounds with doors and windshield. So be ready for the weight. - All right, let's do it. - You got it? Cool? - All right, let's do it. Remember, don't lift first. All right. One, two, three. - **** damn it. - Set it back down. A little help guys. Help! All right, we should be pretty close. Go down slow. Somebody should be underneath-- Watch the edges. --watching the cart. - Back. Back a hair. Bam. We're good. Is that it? It don't feel good. We're on a bracket right there. Yeah. Where we gotta go? All right, the back. Lift it up. Good now? Good? Down. All right. See, everything on Google is true. Good job. We did it, man. Nothing snagged us down. I would never ever pull a body off a chassis like that again. That thing was probably 1,500 pounds. No one got hurt. The car didn't get hurt. We made it out alive. We're not doing that again. My side was heavy and Jones feet were off the ground. Now we gotta get beer and pizza. It's what it said, six to eight guys, insert beer and pizza after using equipment. - All right. - I'm hungry. - Noah, how do you like my '62? - It looks great. How are you doing my friend? Good, good, how are you? Good. Tony is a fixture in our shop. He's freakin' hilarious. His voice is so loud I can hear him on the other side of our building. He's lovable, though, really nice guy. I mean everybody knows Tony. It belonged to my father and I was trying to fix it up a little bit. I didn't take you as a wagon type. Well, it's sort of sentimental to me. Good, good. You know, but here's what I'd like to do. All right. I'd like to maybe-- Yeah, I got a small block and I'd like fuel injection in it. All right, make it a little more reliable. Right, and I'd like some power steering. Yeah? And I'd like to put some Wilwood disc brakes on it. You wan disc brakes? Yeah, I like disc brakes. I want disc brakes. So what are you going to do with the car? I'm going to take it to Miami and I'm going to go surfing. And I want to keep up with the-- You what? I'm going surfing. I want to keep up with the traffic. What do you think, this guy don't know how to surf? I need a teacher. Somebody will teach me. - You're not going surfing. - I'm going surfing. - You are? - Yeah, I'm going surfing. But I need the chrome fixed up. I need it nice. I want it-- Where did you get that idea from? It's on my bucket list. All right, all right, all right. - Now listen to me. - Yeah. Shall I put a little bit bigger tires, different wheels? - No. - No? - No. - Now listen to me-- We're not doing that. All right, I don't want to spend more than $50,000. - $50,000? - Right. I think we can do it for less than $50,000. You're going to be OK. Well, we've done a lot of business together now. Right, what happens if it goes over $50,000? Uh, you're gonna put it where the sun don't shine. And I don't like that, Noah. All right, now, listen, I need this chrome redone. You gotta get it, you know. You want to polish it all up? I'd like to polish it all up. Where you gonna put your surfboards? I'm gonna put my surfboards up here. You've gotta put a rack on here. - Yeah? So I could put two surfboards up here. His and hers? His and hers, one white, one pink. Marie is gonna surf? Marie is gonna surf. I'm going to bring her with me. - I bet she is. - She is going to surf. All right, Noah, now you have everything that you're going to do. Yeah, we'll check out the motor. As long as everything is good, we'll do a fuel injection system, disc brakes, surf rack for your long boards. Don't forget to polish the chrome. And the power steering, I need the power steering. - All right. - And keep that price down now. And if you need anything else other than that, you can bring it back later. I think it'll get you to the beach. Tony wants to keep the price under 50 grand. This isn't going to hard at all. We're not going totally crazy. We're gonna make it stop well. We're going to give it some reliability, a couple of cool touches. Main deal, he's gotta go surfing. I'm going to come visit you in Florida. - You come and visit me. - Put me up? - I'll put you up in Florida. - I'll sleep in the car. - No, you don't have to sleep-- - You got a condo? I'll rent a condo for you. I love you. All right, thank you. Damn, look at that. That right there. Whew, that's jewelry, there. That's bad ass. So we just got in a new chassis for John's Corvette. It is absolutely gorgeous and packed full of performance features that I love. It's got rack-and-pinion steering up front, race shocks all the way around, four link in the back, a Ford 9 inch. It's going to be stiff. It's going to handle well. And it's gonna drive like a freaking go cart. Brake lines going through the frame, see that? Oh, yeah. It's a shame to even set the body on it. I know. All right, man, open it up. See what we got here. It's like Christmas. - Oh man. Good lordy, that's pretty. Look at that, a 430 horse, LS3 E-ROD. So we're putting in a modern LS3 into this car which is going to give our customer awesome drivability, great power, reliability. We got good looks and a modern power plant. I don't know how you can go wrong. - All right. - Ready? Watch that pipe. We got a GM performance, connect-and-cruise, 430 horsepower LS3. We're swapping the oil pan out with the one we ordered as an option with our chassis so we know it'll clear and the engine will sit down over its engine mounts. - Oh, man. - Oh, yeah. Look at this. Look at that. Look at that, GM performance, 4L70-E. So the original transmission in this Corvette is actually a two-speed power glide. Now, while these are still used in some drag racing applications, it's not what John's looking for. The new transmission is a five speed with overdrive. So he's going to get quick shifts around town. It's going to be really fast. And he can cruise on the highway at a low RPM. We got to add the motor and the tranny and everything on the chassis before we drop the body down. Because, chances are, we got to do some body modifications. And without the motor and tranny in the location it needs to be, we ain't gonna know what those modifications are. - Ready? - Start coming down. I got the bolts. You good back there, Scott? Yep. - Look at that ****. - Good on this side. You watch that side. - Almost dead on the money. King, you look like you done this before. Team work. Thanks, king. So now that the chassis, the engine, and the transmission are all mocked up, it's time to put the body on and see how it fits. All right, this may sound crazy, but what we're going to do is we're actually going to take these ratchet straps and strap this body to the bottom of the four-post lift so we can raise the car up and down. We can roll our new chassis underneath the body. And that will give us a better look of, do we gotta do any modifications or is everything going to just go smooth and drop right on the new chassis? Don't let it hit that body because that **** is gonna swing everywhere. Right, watch the rockers, too. Looking good, guys. Damn. Ándale, ándale. We're gonna jack it up to really finesse that chassis underneath that body and start bringing that body down. We need a guy to run the power, come down slow, and then you gotta watch the front and the rear. Let's do it. We know it's gonna hit, just what's it gonna hit. Oh, it's gonna hit a lot. Right. Ready? - Yeah. - Just come down slow. Stop there. Spare tire well is hitting. Get your Sawzall out. Chop that up. We're gonna have to cut the tubs and everything. All right, as we're bringing the body down, you can see down in here, all the suspension has been raised up. The stock inner fenders here are going to have to be trimmed up a lot to clear all the new suspension. As much as I hate to cut this thing, we're going to have to to make this chassis fit the body. The spare tire well is hitting right across the cross brace. Then also, we only got a 7-inch-wide tire on here. We're right there. We're gonna put 12-inch meats on this. So we gotta cut the wheel tub out and the spare tire well. Hey, Doug, do me a favor, go get Sawzall and make sure we got a new blade in that. We're cutting. Here we go. Dougy, Dougy, I got some tissues on my box. Now is your moment. All right, here we go. First hole. Oh, oh, don't do that. I think I hear the phone ringing already. Yeah, no ****. - Boo-yah! - Look at that. Hey, what's all this? I thought I said cut a little bit at a time. We did. We've been working on it for three days. That's the whole spare tire well. I told you, we gotta do small cuts. We're cutting. No, I said small pieces like this. This is the whole spare tire well. The small pieces lead up to that whole **** [INAUDIBLE] away. Well, you should have came and got me. Are you guys cutting up this sweet-ass car? Scott has a personal vendetta. I thought you guys were understanding that it's not just a bolt-together situation. Here's what we're gonna do, we're gonna cut it in half and make it a truck. All right, seriously, what's the deal? We've got to keep going on this thing. The whole spare tire thing is off-centered in the car. Right. And the frame rails are running center. So that's gone for sure. So get that out of the way. We can't put a 20-inch spare wheel in there anyway. We're working small cuts and just making them bigger and test fitting and test fitting it. - We're leaving. - We're leaving. Get back to work. Good job, guys. Thanks. Thanks. We are unhooking her from the harness. And we're gonna roll it out from under the lift and roll it up on top of the lift and do a final check for all the clearance issues and whatever we might have in front of us. All righty, man. Look at that. Look at all that clearance we got for the tranny. I hear you. Who cares about a tranny, look at the chassis. Yeah. That son of a bitch is bitchin'. Man, you kind of hate to put-- If you're gonna do a chassis swap-- Powder coating. --you gotta do a chassis swap like this. Yeah. Now all we got to do is finish it. Damn right. So we have a couple of days in modifying the body to make it fit the chassis perfectly. Now it's time to get on with the rest of the build starting with the brakes. I gotta pull the axle retaining plate off and pull the axle out so we can mount our backing plate and our caliper bracket for our 13-inch brakes. We get the big four-piston caliper. Slide the pads in now, lock the head fastener bolt down, and there you have it. This car is going to stop like no tomorrow now. We're doing a custom exhaust here for this one-of-a-kind Corvette with this engine and transmission combination and chassis and all that. So it's not something you can just store buy. So we're going to go ahead and make one by hand. We're gonna start by adding the header side of my v-band clamp. This would be your exhaust pipe side. And then when you get the two pipes mated together and you use your clamp, and that makes a seal. OK, this is the start of our custom exhaust. Both the v-bands welded on. Got one on the exit, one on the header, we're gonna mock them back up. And then we're going to take our 45 and we're gonna see about where we got to cut it to get it through the chassis. It's a tight fit. See how our straight fits to our exhaust exit. Man, that's fitting awesome. I'm really excited about this. Man, it looks like a spider. It looks like it'd just like take off and climb right out of the hole here. I'm really proud of how it turned out. I'm really happy with it. It went pretty smooth. It did kick my butt a little bit. But it took a ton of bends to get it to where it needed to go. And then we got the cross-flow muffler, so it's going to be super quiet along with our resonators and our converters we got. Now it's time to get the body ready to come back off and strip the chassis down for powder coat for the body shop. We've got a really cool fuel injection system for this Bel Air that just came out. It's pretty much plug and play. The thing is phenomenal. Well, we came from a spread bore carburetor, outdated dinosaur, to a nice new fuel injection here, which is going to do wonders for this car. All right, just doing a one-over here, just checking on the return lines, fuel lines, and hopefully this baby will fire right up for us. Well, fuel injection is ready to go, brakes. All we're waiting for is wheels and tires and we can drive this baby around. What are you bringing me now? What's happening, hipster? We got you a Corvette. Hipsters like Vettes. Corvette with weight reduction. Well, it's got a big gaping hole in the back, but they said you're the man fill that. Get with Paul, he made some bad-ass exhaust. But I think you're clear just to fill like up to this line. Everything should be good as far as that. And it'll clear over the exhaust? I mean, I'd double check with him, but I think it tucked back down really tight. All we need you to do is fill this in, paint it, because we want to drive it. If you drive it, I'd trim up that beard. Because this is a small cab with a big wheel, and cornering, man, you might snag that a little bit. I'm just saying. Go, leave. This is gonna suck. All right, so just got this thing in from the mechanic's side. And it's all cut up. There's a giant, gaping hole in this thing. Basically what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna come in, I'm going to make some templates, get the design of how I want the floor to look, and then I'm to start building it out of sheets of already cured glass just to get my shape. Then I'll come back through and then I'll tie into it with more glass to give it more strength and then get all the nice curves that we want to look like. All right, you gotta rotate down right there. You looking good? You want your brush? Yeah. Just a little, pour it on there. We've made some progress in the rear of the Corvette here. Got the main section of the floor glassed in. But we're getting ready now to finally assemble all the templates and everything that I made for the cover and the frame and the exhaust. Go at an angle, towards me. Now it's just a ton of laying glass, do the whole top, do the whole bottom, and then done with fiberglass. Ryan and Cheyenne are just getting started on the Corvette body. They have a long road ahead of them. Paul and Scott cut a lot of holes in the bottom to get the chassis to fit correctly. So I think we can say they got their work cut out for them. So while we were painting the motor for the Corvette, we sent the chassis out to get powder coated. Now that everything's back in one place, Paul and Eric can get to putting everything back together. OK, we're making strides here on chassis. It's all completely assembled, ready for the Vette. And we're going to set the heart beat in it. We got the RLS3 and our 407E all married together. Torque converter bolts are all tight, headers are on it. And we're going to set it down in here and hook it up to the exhaust and hopefully make it a complete roller here soon. Ready to do this? Sure thing, rain man. Yeah, we're looking good. Sweet. Man, Eric, you're a pro at this. Thanks, little birdie. He just did that so smoothly. I didn't even have to yell at you. That's a first. We're about to drop in our E-ROD, 430-horsepower, LS3 engine. With the combination we have with the chassis, it's going to make this thing just be like you're driving a go-kart. OK, mine's in. I'm gonna take our leveling devices loose here. We're golden. Looks like it belongs in there. It sure does. I've been waiting for this moment to see the exhaust that almost killed me and this beautiful chassis. We got the "go," so let's put on the "whoa." Right on. We'll put this right above the car. Well, we got a '62 wagon here for a guy named Tony. He says he's a beach guy. So we're building him his beach cruiser. His big thing was, he needs a stainless steel roof rack made to haul his surfboard, his luggage, his cooler, whatever else he's going to need to make his day great at the beach. So with that said, we got to rock and roll. Just sneak up on it, a little more, back and forth. Down more. - Yeah. We're trying to get it the same angle as the window line. So it takes off from the window and then shoots forward level with the roof, parallel with the roof of the car. Now we want to drop the front hoop actually down in between the front and the back door and drop it right down. What we're going to try to do is put the same angle on the front as the back to give the whole roof rack like a fast forward motion. You like that? Yeah. Now let's try to make a duplicate. We got our measurements. Justin's gonna flip these over and finish welding the other sides on both of them. I'm going to cut our three crossbows to those measurements to get us in the ballpark. We gotta smash the tip of the thing down to fit in the drip rail of the car by smashing these longer and putting a little leg extensions. Actually going to keep them off of the paint on the roof, I'm hoping. It looks more like a mattress hauler. Yeah. It worked out good though. Awesome, man. Yeah. Thanks for the help. Yeah, man, any time. Now we can put "luggage rack extraordinaires" on our resume. We've got this Corvette now that just threw one curve ball after another. We finally got it ready. The front of the car is straightened, the rockers are straightened, and all the cracks are fixed. We're gonna roll it on over to the paint side now and get some primer on it. Looks good, man. You came through. You did a nice job. It was a lot of work, wasn't it? Yeah. One thing after another. I'm so happy, like, to see all this work done that I got something for you. OK. So please remove that. I like that hat. Try this on for me. Well, this is my favorite hat. Come on, this is your new favorite hat. Ryan, he's only been with us for a few months now. He's a great guy, a good technician. But here at Classic Cars Studio, we have to break people in our own way. It doesn't even-- Yeah, it fits perfect. That is awesome, all right. Go, Abe! Go, Abe. Good work, honest. Honest Ryan. No traction. So now that all the fiberglass work is finally done on the Corvette, we can now prime it and paint it. I'm gonna start hitting my head on **** now. So it's the moment of truth. We've been working on this Corvette for over a month now. We've made a lot of modifications. And hopefully, fingers crossed, this body marries together with the chassis as it should. Eric, you go over a little bit more, right there. We're setting the rubber pads underneath there right now so it's got a little insulator between the body and the chassis. We'll lower it down, try to get it into position. Who's watching the engine bay? I got it, right here. Bring it down, Charlie. You guys are going to have to watch those tires in the back because they're really close. Uh, stop. Whoa, whoa, whoa, why is the body moving? I need to go towards Scott a little bit. You can't. Tires are gonna hit. Oh, man, yours is-- Can it go this way more? Yours is way, way, way-- I got more space than you do. Holy ****, yeah. But the body is riding off my tire. We're gonna jack the body back up off the chassis, get rid of the wheels so we got more room to work the body down. Slow down a little bit. Keep going. My back hole looks good. How's your back hole, Scott? The whole back of the car's is off the chassis. All these mounts are off. Remember when we were over there and I kept having to cut it to clear the chassis? Well, they boxed it back down. You gotta be **** kidding me. You can see it back here. - Yeah. There ain't nothing you can do. You're gonna have to lift it up and tread it out. Holy ****. We've come a long way. We've got a 1962 Corvette chassis here, 2017 here, totally different. First of all, the ride height is probably 7 inches lower than the stock chassis. A 9-inch rear end. Got an old 10-bolt-style rear end here, leaf springs, really dated suspension. Four-link with coil overs, it's gonna be a night and day difference as far as ride goes. Rusty old exhaust, stainless exhaust, you can't forget about the wheels and tires. I mean, we've got a 20-inch wheel, you know, basically 10 inches of rubber on the back of the new chassis, tiny 15-inch wheels and tires on this. So with the new engine that we've got, this is definitely going to stick to the ground a lot better. Powerglide two-speed automatic transmission, not the greatest, but worked in 1962. Now we've got the new 4L60-E. It's up-to-date, modern, overdrive, electronic transmission. Same thing with the engine, 327, low horsepower, carbureted not efficient. We have an LS3 E-ROD motor. This thing is going to drive like a rocket ship. I mean, it's going to be incredible. Oh, we just gotta get this frame to sit underneath here correctly. Right now we're trying to get it lined up with all the bolt holes. We're taking a 1962 Corvette and modernizing everything but keeping the body totally true to classic form. Everything is going pretty well, but we are really struggling in getting this by to fit correctly to the chassis. Well, there was a little misunderstanding somewhere along the line. When the car left our hands and went to the body shop, they put the floor back the way it would have been factory, which is right in their minds because they were restoring the car. We got a custom chassis, so now we've got to cut that back out again and go back to the original idea of boxing it off and putting just a hole in there. - There you go. - What's going on? You better not be cutting that floor out. We're cutting it out. Why? Remember where we showed you where that rod is going to come down through and we had to drill a hole into the chassis for that rod to push through? You boxed it back in to clear that rod, and that all hits the chassis and holds the body up. So there's supposed to be a hole in the chassis for that rod to go through? Yep. Why was I not told that? You were told. I was not. I told you that over there. No, I was told that they were-- No. - Be honest, Abe. - I am being honest. - Be honest. I'm being 100% honest. I told you we had cranked that bolt up-- We can't have a hole in the floor. There'll be a big air-- you can't have a hole in the floor. Put a grommet on it. You got holes all over the firewall. We gotta cut all that out. This is why we need to test-fit things. - We did. - We did. So in the old days, they would have just shot you in the back of the head in the theater. Well, there might have been a little bit of a miscommunication between the fab side and the body side. But-- - I'd say so. That's OK. That's the way it goes sometimes, you know? Had a little hiccup here, but we'll make it. Just make a new one out of metal. Abe's got it under control. I knew I knew your style. So sad, he's so sad. OK, should we try it? Watch your hat, we're coming down. Go slow. Charles is adjusting the coilovers on the back of the car. They were sitting all the way down, which would have looked cool, but I don't think it'll ride around like that. Wow. That looks awesome. I think he's gonna flip out when he sees this. Oh, the back looks cool like that. Yeah. That turned out awesome. Looks good. All right, let's roll it out from underneath this lift. So what we're doing here is spot priming with spray polyester primer. Because the car is fiberglass, were going over all the bodywork we did. It's basically sprayable body color. So we'll get this put down. We'll sand it. And then we'll prime over the whole car. This is ceramic coating basically to help keep the heat out. It'll help with sound deadening. It should be just about the last thing we've got to do before this thing can go in for paint. It is exciting to see it in one color now. Now we're going to put some silver on it so we can get it up and out of here. So on the 1962 Corvette, I told Bryan to keep it pretty much true to form. However, we're going up the quality of the materials to really give it a luxurious feel for John. We're on the Corvette here. And since we have leather wrapped the dashboard or going to leather wrap the center console, we're going to go ahead and wrap the trans tunnel just to match. I think that's going to be a really cool touch to this car. You're gonna have leather, leather, leather everywhere. So what we've done, we've actually sewn it to match the seams up on the dash, too. So that ought to fit in real nice. Gonna put a little heat on this, make it super smooth. I think everybody will be real happy. Except for the cow, of course. This piece can sit right here and we'll make a shifter boot sitting there, ashtray. A little heat and some trimming up front, it should be ready to go. All right, you ready to see your car? I'm ready to see it. So Tony's '62 Bel Air wagon is complete. I can't wait to see what he thinks. Charlie! Give me the car! Boy, I love them wheels. Boy, oh, boy, look at that. Oh, is he gonna surf, oh my little surfer. Oh, my god it looks-- - Step right on up, young man. - It looks beautiful. Look at this rack. You made this especially for me, didn't you? - Especially for you and your-- - Boy, that is-- --and your surfboard. That surfboard is gonna be so nice on there. I mean, I can't tell you. When I looked at my '62 Bel Air Wagon it was like falling in love again. It was beautiful. You're a goof ball. I'm just stunned. Look at them baby moons over there. - Do you like the wheels? - I love 'em! They look good. - Man, they make it-- - Look at that. - I mean, look at that. - Blue's stance is way better. You don't even need a mirror. I can comb my hair in the mirror. It's beautiful. We got drop spindles on the front, disc brakes all the way around. No, I really don't know if the disc brakes are on there. Are they there or do I have to climb underneath and look? - They're all there. - I believe you. - Big ass disc brakes. - I believe you. Let's open the hood. I want to see the fuel injection. - All right. - Oh, man, does that look good. - It's right there. - The chrome is polished. It really looks good. Boy, this rack really looks nice on this side, Noah. He did a nice job. He did it two weeks faster than he said he was. It was done in a quality job. I loved it. - You know what? There's only one thing we need to do. Take it for a drive. Let's do it. Well, let's take it for a drive. - All right. - Let's do it. This is beautiful. It's beautiful. It's great! Yeah, it is really good. The brakes are great. I love the brakes. You know what's great? The fuel injection system is freakin' sweet. They are really, really good. The little 327 runs good. I tell you what, this fuel injection's nice. What are you going to put in the back? My picnic basket. Picnic basket? Yep. Like a wicker picnic basket? No, I'm going to have a picnic basket every day when I go to the beach. I can't picture you with a picnic basket. Oh, yeah. Them disc brakes really work good, I will tell you. Six-piston disc brakes. Oh, man, they are beautiful. You did a great job. You do quality work, Noah. You know what? Let's get back to the shop. I got a little surprise for you there I want you to see. That's nice. I love the surprise. I can't wait for the surprise. - Let's do it. Oh, no! I was a little worried that you were going to go take up surfing. I don't know. And to be honest, I was kind of going to miss your bubbly-ass personality around the shop. I don't really know what I'd do without you. I just love it. It's beautiful. - And I made it your own beach. - I love it. I love the-- look at this surf board. Oh my god, I love the water. It's beautiful. Oh, shall we go swimming? I love it. I mean, it's great. I can't believe it. So you think you're going to hang around for awhile? All my life I wanted a pool like this. I can't believe it. All you had to do was go across the street-- Let me give you a hug! God, I love it. He did above my expectations. It was great. You're the king of classic cars, my friend. You're the king of classic cars. So we've got months and months invested in John's Corvette, modernizing the entire car, but keeping the classic lines and styling intact. Bryan's wrapping up the interior. The paint and body guys are putting some finishing touches on the exterior. And Paul and Charles are getting the engine ready to fire up. There's only one thing left to do and that's see if John loves this Corvette as much as we do. All right, you ready to see this thing? I am ready. So we don't usually bring customers to abandoned shopping malls, but I set up a custom course at this mall to really test out what we've done to John's car. I think John's gonna flip out when he drives this thing around. This is a wild course. This car flat-out performs. But I know you always wanted one of these and did a lot of research. Thanks for picking us to do it. I think we knocked it out of the park. Your car looks awesome. Cool. Can't wait to see it. It's the moment we've all been waiting for. - Oh, yeah, it looks great. - There you go. Looks really good, really good. Nice job, very nice. Hey, it looks freakin' awesome. Very nice, beautiful, beautiful. Beautiful contrast. I was nervous about the silver, the red, and the wheels. But it all came together great. The thing is so classy. And there's a ton of cool performance stuff as well. I love the way the paint turned out. I hope you feel the same. It is a really, really vibrant silver. It just rocks out in the sun as it is. It's a very, very bright color. We've got these custom wheels. There's a ton of precision engineering that went into these wheels. What did we go with on the wheels? Are we 18 and 20? Are we 19 and 20? So these are 19s on the front and 20s on the rear. We wanted to get the stance correct. And I think it looked good. Yeah. But bringing the car to a halt, totally unlike the original brakes on the car. Huge six-piston brakes on the front, four-piston brakes in the rear, totally killer. So what makes this car drives so well is the chassis that's under the car. On the front end, we've got a modern rack and pinion system. So there's no steering box. So we've got really beefy thick tubular control arms. We've got bracing shocks that are adjustable any which way. A big fat spline sway bar that runs through the center of the chassis. One of my favorite parts about any vehicle is the drive train. You've got to check out this motor. The engine compartment looks killer. This thing is really, really cool. It's a GM Performance LS3. - Look at it. All right, so the motor makes 435 horsepower. This engine comes with a modern serpentine belt system. We've got a huge radiator on it. We've got custom headers that came with the chassis that flow out. It has a modern transmission. We've got a custom drive shaft we made for it. All that power goes to that Ford 9 inch at the rear end. And this thing is a killer vehicle to drive on the street. Very impressive. Let's check out the interior. I think it turned out really well. What we talked about on the interior was keeping it timeless. So Bryan completely went through, he improved everything dramatically. So we've got really, really high quality leather throughout, beautiful stitching. It all looks original, the door panels and the stitching and everything here. So underneath the dash on the passenger's side, we've got a vintage air system. Modern stuff there, it works as well as the air conditioning system in any new car. Perfect. It's a sweet ride. I just love the way it all came together. It's just a really classy look. I've always been in love with the styling of these cars. And now we've got something that's gonna be fun to drive and great to look at. It's like Christmas morning and I can't open any of the presents. All right, let's do it. I don't want to hold you back any further. All right, thank you. Ha, this is going to be great. - Fun, right? - Yeah. It's really a lot like the cars that we grew up on. It's got great power, though, right? I love the power. I just feel like it's very, very linear and smooth. That's what I'm talking about. You were having a damn good time. I almost lost it. It was great. It's like having a go-kart track for adults. It was like, it was exactly like that. That was great. How long-- When do we have to pack up and get out of here? We've got all day long. Let's get back in and do some more laps. Yeah, let's finish this. It's a great car. They hit the bull's eye. I'll probably have this car my whole life. And I run through cars every two years. But this is one that will, even if I don't drive it all the time, it'll be something that gets stored somewhere. And I'll be driving it from time to time. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 