The Facts of Life: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Facts of Life 
 s1e5 - Overachieving - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Facts of Life (1979–1988): Season 1, Episode 5 - Overachieving - full transcript 
 Tootie's father visits the school and gets the impression that it is a bad influence on her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ For learning all you oughta know about the facts of life ♪ ♪ The facts of life ♪ ♪ When your books are what you're there about ♪ ♪ But looks are what you care about ♪ ♪ The time is right to learn the facts of life ♪ ♪ When the world never seems ♪ ♪ To be living up to your dreams ♪ ♪ It's time you started finding out ♪ ♪ What everything is all about ♪ ♪ When the boys you used to hate you date ♪ ♪ I guess you best investigate the facts of life ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ You gotta get 'em right ♪ ♪ The facts of life ♪ ♪ ♪ The facts of life ♪ ♪ The facts of life ♪ Perfect. Yes. Blair, how much longer is this gonna take? No, no, no, no! Don't move, Sue Ann. I'm not painting by the numbers. I'm sorry, Blair, but I've been standing here for an hour, and am I beat. Sue Ann, if you don't stand still, I'm gonna paint you flat-chested. Cute, Blair. I'll bet if you put your heads together, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 we could get channel 13. Oh. Oh. Say. All right, Blair. You've really caught the action. Thanks, Mrs. Garrett. I'm gonna hang it for Career Day. I call it The End. And he's sure got a cute one. Mrs. Garrett. - Mrs. Garrett. - Yes, Molly. Here's Mr. Bradley's list of the speakers with the subjects they'll be talking about. Can you tune my guitar again? Oh, sure, honey. Let's see here. ♪ ♪ My dog has ♪ ♪ Flea... flea... flea... ♪ ♪ Flee-ee-eas ♪ ♪ Here you are, dear. Thanks. You can do everything. Naturally. Say, this is quite an impressive lineup of speakers. A doctor, an architect... Natalie! I see your sister's gonna talk about her exciting career as a stewardess. It sure is exciting. She's got two first-class boyfriends and another one in coach. And, Tootie, your father's gonna to talk about a career for women in law. Your mother's a lawyer, too, isn't she? Yeah. She had to stay in Washington to defend some crooks. In or out of the government? Natalie, will you hurry up? I got to look good for Daddy. Well, what's the rush? Career Day isn't until tomorrow. Daddy's coming up early 'cause he's never seen Eastland. He's also never seen me since I became... a sex symbol. - Hello, there! - Hello, Mr. Bradley. Come on in, Mr. Ramsey. - Daddy! - Tootie! Ha, ha, ha, ha! Come here, girl. Mmm! Ooh, gracious. Can we try that again without the goop? But you'll see my wrinkles. Oh, it's okay. You're aging beautifully... for a woman your age. Daddy, meet my friends. - Cindy. - Hi. - Molly. - Hello. Natalie. And this is Mrs. Garrett, - our housemother. - My pleasure. - Oh, how do you do, Mr. Ramsey? - Fine. Mrs. Garrett was teaching me all the inside tips for when I go to beauty school. Beauty school? We're really anxious to hear your Career Day talk. It must be exciting being legal adviser to two presidents. Yeah, you get to meet new people every four years. If they last that long. Girls, this is "Rifle" Ramsey, All-American quarterback at Syracuse and Phi Beta Kappa. All right! Maybe later we can talk a little football. I was a pretty fair receiver myself at Allegheny Teachers. They used to call me "Crazy Legs." Yes, I can believe that. Well, "Crazy Legs," what I'd really like to talk about is how my lovely daughter is doing in school. And just maybe I can find out why you passed up that opportunity to take speed-reading. It went by too fast. Anyhow, Mrs. Garrett was teaching me something really important... How to Juliette my nails. Oh, that keeps the nails from breaking. Every good manicurist knows that. That's quite an accomplishment, I suppose. All right, girls. Let's get to work on those Career Day essays. Daddy, you're gonna be even prouder of me than you think. What I'm learning from Mrs. Garrett will get me into any beauty school I want. Hmm. I see Mrs. Garrett hasn't been neglecting you. Uh, young lady, I'd like to talk to you about your goals. In a minute, Daddy. Right now, my goal is to look like Diana Ross. Gotta skate. She is really something. Isn't she? Not yet. But I'd like her to become something. May we discuss her academic program? Well, it's been a real pleasure meeting you, Mr. Ramsey. I'd better go help her. She's my girl. Gotta skate. Does, uh, Mrs. Garrett have much influence on Tootie? Oh, you bet. Mrs. Garrett says, "Jump," Tootie says, "How high?" She doesn't say it very often. Mr. Bradley, we sent Tootie to Eastland to prepare for college, not beauty school. I know that. Well, she's not gonna get there by having your housekeeper as a role model. Oh, Mrs. Garrett isn't a housekeeper, she's a housemother. What's the difference? She's a domestic. And I know all about domestics. My mother worked as a chambermaid in a hotel to help put me through college. Well, fortunately, today Tootie's opportunities are unlimited. Well, let's keep them that way, hmm? - I hear what you're saying. - No, you don't. What I'm saying is, Mrs. Garrett's taking Tootie's mind off worthwhile goals so all she cares about are superficial ones. I want it stopped. So I would appreciate it if you would tell Mrs. Garrett to stay away from my daughter. There you are, dearie. All finished. Blair, do you think it's me? Settle for it, Sue Ann. She's a beautician, not The Miracle Worker. Okay, girls. One cupcake to a customer, and you can help yourself to cocoa. Have you all finished your essays? I'm going to be a psychiatrist in Hollywood. Dr. Nancy Olson, shrink to the stars. Smart. That's a great way to get a man on a couch. Sue Ann. Well, I have my future all mapped out. After my one-woman exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art and my Oscar-winning performance as an actress, I guess I'll just settle down and marry the president of General Motors. - That'll never happen, Blair. - And why not? 'Cause I'm gonna be the president of General Motors. She got you on that one, Blair. Well, I'm headed for a career as a marine biologist. I've always been interested in fish. And surfers, Sue Ann? "With muscular, suntanned bodies and golden-blond hair." Tootie, you've been reading my diary again. Well, I told you to keep it locked. I'm weak. Come in. - Mrs. Garrett? - Mr. Bradley, come in. Come in. Troops are all here, huh? Ready for Career Day, girls? - Yeah, I think so. - Uh-huh. Yes. I've decided I'm gonna be the Joan Baez of the '80s. Listen. ♪ The skies are junky The lakes are chunky ♪ ♪ The oceans are gunky I feel like a lab monkey ♪ ♪ Stop grossing up America You turkeys ♪ Wonderful, Molly. Tootie, have you decided what you want to be when you graduate from Eastland and go to college? Oh, I'm not going to college, Mr. Bradley. - Right, Nat? - Right. - You're not? - No. We're both gonna study with Vidal Sassoon to learn "Advanced Sassooning." It's all in my essay. We're gonna open up a beauty salon and call it... "Toot 'n' Nat's." Or we might call it "Nat 'n' Toot's." Uh, listen, girls. I've got to discuss next week's menu with Mrs. Garrett. Oh, and, Mr. Bradley, if you plan to put some kind of chemical in our food to make us lose interest in boys, well, it won't work. Next week's menu, huh? All right, Mr. Bradley. Tell me, what's on your mind? Well, this isn't easy, ahem, Edna. Mr. Ramsey is very upset with the way that, uh, Tootie's interests are developing, and he blames someone she spends a lot of her time with. And, uh, he doesn't want her to associate with that person anymore. Really? - Not Natalie? - No. Well, who is it? Edna, you're doing a wonderful job around here. - Molly? - No one has your delicate touch with cocoa. - Not Cindy? - There's none of that yucky stuff floating at the top. Well, it couldn't be Blair, Sue Ann or Nancy. Ordinarily, I never drink cocoa. There's no one left. Yes, there is. Unless it's me. Good morning, Mrs. Garrett! Good morning, Tootie. Daddy's picking me up for breakfast. - Is he here yet? - I haven't seen him. Good. That means there'll be time for you to teach me how to pluck my eyebrows. Not today, dear. But if I do it myself, I'm gonna look like Mr. Spock. No, I'm sorry. I always thought you got a kick out of showing me how to do things. Oh, I do, dear. Believe me. But I... I just can't. Sorry. Then how do I learn how to do my eyebrows? By plucking a chicken? Sheesh. Shh-shh-shh-shh-shh. - Hi, Tootie. - Hello. What's bothering Tootie? - Someone put glue in her wheels? - Guess so. Oh, Blair, aren't you gonna tell Mrs. Garrett - about your new painting? - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to paint a male model who will be totally naked. Oh, that's nice, dear. No, no, no. You see, you were supposed to say, "In the nude?" - And then I say, "Yeah, it's a horse." - It cracked me up! Oh, I'm sorry, girls. It's really very funny. A horse. I get it! What's wrong, Mrs. Garrett? It has something to do with Tootie, doesn't it? I can't lie. Mr. Ramsey doesn't want me to spend any more time with Tootie. - Oh, no. - You're kidding. He thinks I'm a bad influence on her. - Oh, I can't believe that. - That's ridiculous. You're right. That is ridiculous, isn't it? - Yes! - Oh, what am I moping around for? I'm gonna give old "Rifle" Ramsey a couple of shots of Garrett gunpowder. Huh? - Behind you. Over there. Mr. Ramsey. You didn't happen to hear what I just said, did you? - I'm afraid I did. - Well... Good. - Girls. - Oh, right. Come on, Blair. Mr. Ramsey. I think it's time we cleared the air. What's this about your not wanting me to spend time with Tootie? I did say that, yes, Mrs. Garrett. And I want to apologize. You're not the problem here. Well, I'm glad you realize that. You're just the symptom. Since yesterday, I've made some pretty thorough evaluations of Eastland and what it has to offer Tootie. Then I had the pleasure of reading her career essay entitled, "My Future In Fingernails." - But that essay is... - Now, please, Mrs. Garrett. I've made up my mind. After my Career Day talk, I'm taking Tootie out of Eastland. Nancy, stop helping me. Are you trying to rush me out of here? Oh, sorry, Tootie. I'm just a neatness freak. When I'm sad, I straighten things. If it'll help you, you can make my bed. Tootie, is it true? Your dad's pulling you out of school? Yeah, in a couple of hours, it'll be Toot, Toot, Tootie, good-bye. How can your dad take you out of Eastland? This dump is a great school! Daddy says he's concerned I'm not reaching my potential here. It's so much simpler when your parents are divorced. They just send the money and smile a lot. Daddy says I'm not pushing hard enough. I'm not motivated. He says, "Tootie, you've got the potential to be a young Margaret Thatcher." - Who's Margaret Thatcher? - That's what I asked. Huh! Big mistake. Everyone knows who Margaret Thatcher is. She's one of the 10 worst-dressed women in the world. She's the prime minister of England. Oh, that, too. Hmm! Tootie, what school is your dad gonna put you in? Some school in Washington where the kids of foreign diplomats go. I bet my class picture's gonna look like a UNICEF poster. Well, I guess this means the end of "Nat 'n' Toot's Beauty Shop," huh? No way! We're still gonna have our beauty shop. It's just that Daddy wants me to become president of the United States first. Tootie, I want you to have this to remember me by. Oh, Nat! The wig your mom gave us to practice on. Gee, what a friend. You know, I always wanted to know what it was like to be a blonde. You look just like Suzanne Somers. Yeah, another blonde with black roots. I'll only wear it on special occasions. All right. Come on now, girls. It's almost time for Career Day talks. Mrs. Garrett, you're a good talker. Can't you convince Tootie's father to let her stay? Oh, at this point, I'm the last person he'd listen to. Nancy, where you been? Don't you know that Tootie's father doesn't like this school because Mrs. Garrett's the reason why Tootie's such a dummy? Whoever thought my own daddy could be so mean? Oh, no, Tootie. That's not true. Try and understand your father. My goodness, he's worked awfully hard to get you where you are. Then why is he taking me out of Eastland when he knows I love it here? Mrs. Garrett, I'm really gonna miss you. Oh, sweetie, I'm gonna miss you, too. Oh! Just listen to us. Just listen to us! Are we gonna give Tootie up without a fight? You're right. Hey, I got an idea! We'll chain Tootie to the front gate, just like Jon Voight in Coming Home. I got it. I got it. First, we'll go downstairs and convince Tootie's father to let her stay by using something he respects... our brains. Brains? We are in trouble. Not that you girls aren't smart, but Daddy's the best. I mean, he's argued cases in all the highest courts of the land, even in front of the Supremes. And law firms all over the country are opening their doors to female lawyers who have made top grades at the top law schools, but they only have room for those of you who are willing to apply yourselves. Remember my analogy: a law career is like an old jalopy. If you really want it to work, you've got to get behind it and push! Thank you very much. Wonderful. Wonderful, Mr. Ramsey. Now... Now we'll open the floor to questions. And, girls, nothing personal like what you asked Natalie's sister. - Blair. - Mr. Ramsey, isn't it illegal to yank a child out of school against her will? Not to my knowledge. Young lady? If she loves that school, isn't it alienation of affection? Now, hold it, girls. I know what you're driving at. But this is not the time or the place to discuss Tootie's situation. But, Mr. Bradley, we have to discuss it now! Yeah, Mr. Bradley. In 10 minutes, I'm gone! So, how about it, Daddy? Can we get on my case? Sure. I can handle a forum. Fire away. Can I talk? I've got plenty to say. No, Natalie. Now, I know you're gonna tell Mr. Ramsey what a wonderful and loyal friend Tootle is, but we've got to stick to the facts. Right, we can't stoop to emotions, like how much we love her. And how generous she is with her care packages. And how she makes us laugh. I won't say any of those things. - Molly? - Mr. Ramsey, I'd like to present exhibit A, which is Tootie's grades that I got from Mrs. Packer's front office, who is always truthful, even though her dentures do wobble when she talks. "A, A, B, A. Cooperative, enthusiastic, talks too much"... Uh-oh. But that's in gym, so it doesn't count. Well, thank you very much, Molly. I, uh... I know that Tootie's grades are very good and I also know that she talks quite a bit. Mr. Ramsey, Eastland's a terrific place to learn. You won't find a tougher school anywhere. Yeah, if one existed, my mom would've found it. Look, girls, I truly appreciate how you feel about Tootie, but I still don't think that Eastland offers the challenge that she needs. Hold it, Mr. Ramsey. I think I've got to call you on that. Uh-oh. Now, up until now, I've been rather intimidated by what you've accomplished. Well, we've accomplished a lot here at Eastland, too. This is not a school for rich, spoiled girls. Why is everybody looking at me? I think Eastland offers exactly the kind of challenge that Tootie needs. Our teachers are ranked highest in the state. We've got a 90% college placement. Our graduates represent a wide variety of professions throughout the whole country. - Right! - Yeah! Mr. Bradley, I truly appreciate what you've said, too, but I must stand by my decision. Tootie, are you all packed? Guess we didn't convince the jury, huh, Mrs. Garrett? You did just fine, Blair. Mr. Ramsey, before you leave, may I see you and Tootie for a moment in my chambers? Of course, Mrs. Garrett. If I'm not out in five minutes, raffle off my skates. Mr. Ramsey, I'm sure you know a lot about education, but are you sure you know so very much about what young girls think? When I was Tootie's age, I wanted to be, oh, so many things... A ballerina, a scientist, a jockey. Fortunately for the horse, I changed my mind. But changing your mind is par for the course when you're 12 years old. Yes, Mrs. Garrett. - I understand what you are saying. - Please, I'm on a roll. Mr. Ramsey, fess up. Didn't you have a dream or two when you were 12 years old? - Hmm? - No, I wasn't dreaming. I was preparing for a serious and meaningful future. Uh, Daddy, aren't you forgetting about "Buffalo" Ramsey? "Buffalo" Ramsey? Oh, yeah. Grandma's got photo albums full of ol' "Buffalo" with boots on, twirling his rope. She says Daddy used to roll in the dust just to look like a real cowboy. Mr. Ramsey, if you leave her here with us, I can promise you she'll end up with a career she loves. Let us help her with her first few steps. Please? Let her stay. Well, I must admit I'm weakening. And everybody loves you so much here. Oh, yeah, I'm a lot of fun... When I'm not being serious and meaningful. - Nancy! - Oh, okay. Nancy, they are having a private conversation! - You can't eavesdrop like that. - Of course not. This is the way to eavesdrop. - Hi. - Guess what. I'm staying! ♪ When the boys you used to hate you date ♪ ♪ I guess you best investigate ♪ ♪ The facts of life The facts of life ♪ ♪ If you hear 'em from your brother ♪ ♪ Better clear 'em with your mother ♪ ♪ Gotta get 'em right The facts of life ♪ ♪ When the world never seems ♪ ♪ To be living up to your dreams ♪ ♪ It's time you started finding out ♪ ♪ The facts of life are all about ♪ ♪ You ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 