Welcome Back, Kotter: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Welcome Back, Kotter 
 s1e2 - Basket Case - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979): Season 1, Episode 2 - Basket Case - full transcript 
 Kotter is pressured to give Boom-Boom a passing grade on his exam, which he fails, so that he can continue to play on the basketball team. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Honey, coming back to the old neighborhood brings back a lot of memories. I remember when I was about 9 years old, this big bully, Tommy O'Shaughnessy, would pick on me everyday. Oh, honey. I told my father and he said, "Son, a bully's nothing but a coward. "You go up to him tomorrow and you tell him he's a coward. I guarantee he'll never pick on you again." Good for him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Next day, I went up to Tommy, I said, "Look, "my father explained to me. You're a coward. "If you don't bother me anymore, I won't tell anybody you're a coward." You know what he did? No, what did he do? Got on his bike, rode away, went to my house, and beat up my father. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Gabe, are you awake? No, I'm asleep. Come on, it's time to get up for school. There's a test today. I don't wanna go to school today. Honey, you're a teacher now. You don't have to take tests anymore. You give 'em. Oh, yeah. You're sore from playing ball yesterday, aren't you, honey? No, I'm not. Well, then what was that noise you just made? What noise? That noise. I have never heard you make that noise before. I don't believe it. That noise. That's my father's noise. That's the noise my father makes when he gets up in the morning. But he didn't start to make that noise until he was 40. I'm too young to be making my father's noise. Go on and take a hot bath, honey, you'll feel better. I always hated that noise. I couldn't stand it when he started to make that noise. But he was 40 before... Oh, my God. What's wrong? This is my father's walk. Hey, Vinnie, have you seen my... Shh. Horshack, the man is studying for the test. Ready. Hey, Washington. Whoo. Fall back, baby, have no fear, Mr. Wonderful is here. You made the team! Hey, man, from now on, it's the easy life for me. I'm gonna be a star. And stars ain't got to do nothing but... shoot baskets. All right. Hey, Freddie, you're gonna need a manager, right? Hey, I'm way ahead of you, baby. All right, all right. Now, first, negotiate the college scholarship. Right. Right. And then, after college, we sign a fat contract with the New York Knicks. Ah, whoo. You're going to cities, fringe benefits, commercials. Hey, you ready for that? Yeah, I'm ready for that. All right, let's do one. A commercial. Okay, Freddie, you're on. Hi there. I'm just sitting here in my palatial 5th Avenue mansion. About to have another generous helping of my famous Fast Freddie's French Fried Chicken Fingers. They're finger chicken good. Stick with me you'll be up to your fro in dough. Oh, and groupies to be crawling all over you. Yeah, I never thought about groupies. Huh. Maybe I should try out for the team? Hey, Epstein, you're too short. Oh, yeah? I'll lie about my height, eh, monsieur? What is this, The Flying Wallendas? Hey. Okay, as you know, we are having an exam today, which explains this green bucket over here in my right hand. Epstein and Barbarino, please roll up your sleeves. What for? Hey, come on, it's against the constitution. What do you think, this is democracy here? Hey, good boy, Epstein. Look, there's nothing, nothing. How about this one? What? This one? Where? Under there, roll it up. What, this? Let's see it, come on. First constitutional congress in Philadelphia. Declaration of Independence, 1776. Benjamin Franklin, electricity. Evelyn, 434-1590. Ooh. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Leave Evelyn's phone number. Okay, now the information is in our heads and only in our heads. Arnold, please distribute the exam. Oh, sure, Mr. Kotter. Arnold. Where you going? I'm going to distribute the test. Distribute them in here, Arnold. Oh... Well, Mr. Kotter, you did not say that. You see, I feel that the English language is a very precise tool. And you really ought to learn how to use it. Distribute the papers. Okay. Okay, now, keep them turned over until I tell you to begin. Hey, Freddie's got some great news. Go ahead, tell him. Oh, yeah, Mr. Kotter. I made the basketball team, first screening. Congratulations. Where are you gonna play, forward? No, star. You are looking at Mr. Versatility. I mean, I got the moves of Walt Frazier and the finesse of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. All right. You also got the modesty of Muhammad Ali. Let me tell you something, Mr. Star. You may not be as good as you think you are. So if you are the best, you ain't gonna play unless you pass the test. Ali, if you got it, flaunt it. And if you ain't got it, you're Horshack. Hot soup. You know, uh, I was a pretty fair basketball player when I went to school here. You? You? Why is that so hard to believe? It's your body. My body? What's wrong with my body? I am in perfect physical condition. I-it's just not a basketball body. Now, look, hey, Freddie, stand up. Now, this... This is a basketball body. This is a body for running and for jumping. And this... This is a body for sitting and spreading. Well, it's simple. Basketball, basket case. Okay, let's quit the stalling. We got a test to take today. And I really hope you've all prepared. Mr. Kotter, I got a medical note. Epstein has got another note. Surprise, surprise. Okay, Epstein, let's see this one. Epstein, is there something wrong with your arm? Yeah, could you get the note for me? Certainly. "Dear Mr. Kotter, Juan will not be able to write today's exam "because of his bursitis. Signed: Epstein's mother." Epstein, did you write this note? Oh, no, no, no. Yeah. I had to write it for my mother 'cause her bursitis is a lot worse than mine. Sit down. Okay, anymore notes? Excuses? Diseases? Religious conflicts? Okay, now turn your papers over. You have 30 minutes. If you get stuck on one question, forget about it, go on to the next one. All right, begin. Barbarino. What? What? Pull up your trousers. What? Your trouser leg, roll it up. What did you have in mind? Roll up your trouser leg. What is this? It's a skin condition. Skin condition? Oh, yes. Looks to me like mogo on the go-go. A very serious disease for which there are no symptoms. Fortunately, medical science has come up with a cure. Lucky I caught it in its early stages. Mogo on the go-go. Hey, got a minute left, come on. Washington, what are you doing? Why are you drawing pictures on your paper? Who is this? Hey. That's Superstill, man. Faster than a speeding forward, more powerful than a double lay-up. You're taking the wrong exam. Do I look like Miss Fishbeck, the art teacher? Only around the mustache. I need the tests on my desk. Washington, I wanna see you. Oh, man. Mr. Kotter, what are you harassing him for? He don't have to write that exam. He's on the team, it means he passes. It's a fact of life. Fish gotta swim, birds gotta fly. The varsity athletes gotta pass. It's a Buchanan tradition. Well, you know that I just love to break traditions? Look, athletes gotta pass or they don't play. There was a quarterback, Moose Nolan, he had to write an essay on his favorite fictional character. Handed in seven blank pages. Maybe his favorite fictional character was the Invisible Man. But he passed. 'Cause he was on the team. That's the way it is, Mr. Kotter. That's the way it was, Mr. Barbarino. Nobody passes in my class unless they earned it. Come back after your last class, you'll take a make-up test. No, no deal. Let's go. You're not gonna come back, Freddie? No, I'm not coming back. You used to play basketball, didn't you? That's right. Boy, have you changed. I haven't changed. And I can still play basketball. Here's Kotter, dribbling down the court, see his famous behind-the-back hook shot. There it goes. Uh, Kotter. You know, we're surprised that you would give an unfair test. And a bright boy like Washington couldn't pass. What are you talking about, unfair? Well, let's look at the test. Here, number three. When was the Declaration of Independence signed? That's a trick question. What are you talking about? The answer's 1776. Kotter. I don't know if you've noticed, but, uh, I'm not a happy person. Now, uh, a winning team might make me happier. Not happy, but happier. Come on, ace, where's your school spirit? We can't win this season without Washington. Look, Freddie Washington is more important to me than a winning basketball season. And I'm not gonna do him any good by giving him a free ride. You're right, he's a bright kid, and he could've passed. The thing is he didn't even try. Somewhere from someone he got the idea that being on the team is an automatic pass. Well, uh, now, uh... You said yourself, Kotter, you said he could've passed. That's right. Why not give him the benefit of the doubt? For the team, chicky baby. For Buchanan. For my job. I have finished grading your exams. And as usual, it was an amazing experience. How did Washington do? I'm afraid he didn't pass. But he did make the bulletin board. Okay, you did right on, Maurice. Ralph. Vinnie. Epstein, you got 65. You actually got 63, but I gave you two points for working under the influence of bursitis. You passed, Juan. Hey, come on. Let's hear it for Epstein. Hey, what is this? All quiet on the homeroom front? A very pleasant change from the usual mouth-to-mouth combat we have here. Hey, you know what's buggin' us? You want conversation, we'll talk your ear off. Just pass Freddie. Yeah. No. Why not? First, it wouldn't be fair to the rest of you. Why should Freddie get special treatment? Because he is special, he's gonna be the school's ace basketball player. No more special than you, Epstein. You're the school's ace menace to society. Look, I don't wanna talk about this anymore. Wait a minute, wait a minute. I got something to say. Now... I didn't wanna resort to this, Mr. Kotter. You leave me no choice. Let's talk money. Barbarino, are you offering me a bribe? No. I'm offering you a percentage of my percentage. Look, my client here is gonna be a million dollar property. You are offering me a bribe. No. What... I'm trying... I'm just saying it's like incentive. Creative motivation. It's bribery, Barbarino. So it's bribery. Look, what I'm trying to say is... you scratch my back, I scratch yours. I can't do that. You see, my wife has an exclusive on my entire body. She'd be disturbed if I came home tonight with a pre-scratched back. Is that your final answer? Sorry. You're a crummy businessman, Mr. Kotter, crummy. If you didn't get your test, pick it up. Hey, what's your angle, Mr. Kotter? I don't have an angle. I think that your education is more important than basketball. Look, man. My whole future is riding on this and you're blowing everything for me. A chance at a scholarship, the pros, rookie of the year, I mean, hey, look. I don't need no education for that, man. What makes you so sure you're gonna make the pros? You know, you remind me a lot of Joe Franklin. Wow, man, I don't know no Joe Franklin dude. You never heard of Joe Franklin? He was a Sweathog. Sat right over here 10 years ago. Another big basketball player. My name is Joe Franklin, baby. I got me a college scholarship. Picks me up a lot of easy classes. Hair Combing 101. Advanced Toenail Clipping. But he never graduated from college, and he didn't make the pros either. So he wound up with no basketball career, no education, no nothing. So, what happened to him? His father died and left him a chain of Laundromats. Today, he's worth about 6 million dollars. But he's still stupid. Look, I don't care about no Joe Franklin, do you understand me? I just know me, and this is one cat ain't gonna stop haggling, can you dig it? 'Cause... 'Cause I'm good, you know, I'm good. Face it, Washington, you're not that good. There are guys right here in Buchanan who are better than you. Yeah, like who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Me. You? You better stay away from that blackboard. I think you must've sniffed too much of that chalk dust. Hey, I'm serious, Freddie, basketball's my game. And I'm challenging you, one on one. Just you, me and the basketball. Hey, Mr. Kotter, I mean, you're out of shape, man. Dig yourself, man. If you was a building, you'd be condemned. 3:15 today, 20-point game. Okay, Mr. Kamikaze. Why don't you put your money where your mouth is? Twenty bucks say I win. Hey, you know I'm not gonna play you for money. Hey, I tell you what I'm gonna do. If I win, you take the make-up test. And if I win, you pass me. I can't do that. Hey. You can do anything. You're the teacher. You got a bet. You'll pass me? If you win. Would you mind putting that in writing? What for? My word is good. I know that, but you see, it's your heart I'm worried about. I mean, who's gonna pass me if you don't live through the game? Okay, take it easy, tiger. Put some wind back and you'll be all right in a minute. What's that noise, Kotter? You mean, uh: That's the one. That's my father's noise. Your father's noise? That's his father's noise. I think he's delirious. I hope the school's insurance covers this. Chicky baby, as the physical education teacher, can I give you my professional advice? You don't look so hot. What are you trying to prove out there, Kotter? Nothing, nothing. Freddie and I were just having a little friendly basketball game to the death. Anyway... he's on the team, I'm passing him. You are. You what? Hey, coach, Mr. Kotter here? Yes, he's on the couch lying in state. Hey, you mind if I talk to him alone for a minute? Not at all, but you better hurry. I don't think he has much more time. Hi there. The least you could do is sweat. I did. Hey, I'm ready to take that make-up test if you still want me to. Hey, I'm the welsher. You win. You beat me 20 to 16, you pass. No, there was no beatin', man. You scored 16 points off of me. I mean, you! I mean, you're almost twice my age, man. I mean, you're old enough to be my... Older cousin. Look, I've been thinking. Maybe I don't have that contract all sewn up with the Knicks yet. I just think I better be covering all my bases. I think that's a smart move, Freddie. You know, man, you're something else. I mean, you really surprised me down there today. Yeah? Yeah, you still played pretty good, you still got it. Yeah, I got it. But I can't get it off the couch. Give me a hand. Sure. What is that sound, man? My father makes that sound too. You mean, uh: Your father walk like this in the morning? No, my father walks like this in the morning. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ How do you like my new hat? I like it. I like you in hats. Thanks. Honey. How come you never wear hats? When I was young, I always thought my head was too big. Too big for what? For the rest of my body. All the kids in school called me Big Head. That's terrible. One day I came home crying. I told my mother: "Everybody in school is calling me Big Head. What should I do?" She said, "Don't pay attention to those mean children." And to get my mind off it, she sent me to the store. Well, that was a good idea. Yeah, she said get a watermelon, dozen eggs, loaf of bread, container of milk. I said, "What am I gonna carry that in?" She said, "Why don't you use your hat?" ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Welcome Back, Kotter was recorded live on tape before a studio audience. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ Welcome back, welcome back ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back, welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 