Welcome Back, Kotter: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Welcome Back, Kotter 
 s1e5 - The Election - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Election - full transcript 
 Vinnie runs for class president. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How's it going, honey? Great. The kids are writing little compositions about their parents. Did I tell you when I was young, I always felt I was adopted? No, really? My parents never said anything. So one day, I decided to just go up and ask. Good for you. The day I graduated from Buchanan, I went right up to my father. I had my diploma in my hand. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I looked him straight in the eye. I said, "Ling Chow." I said, "Was I adopted?" He said, "No, you not adopted. You rented." ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Vote for Vinnie. Barbarino for president. That's my man. Barbarino for president. Hey. Hey. Perhaps you didn't hear me, huh? I said, "Barbarino for president." Now, I want you to be wearing that when I see you sixth period, huh? Oh, uh, Kotter? Kotter, uh... I don't believe this, but I understand one of your Sweathogs... Uh, one of your remedial academics is, uh... Is running for student body president. It's okay, Mr. Woodman, you can use the word. Sweathog is a term of affection and endearment. Oh, well, since one of your Sweathogs has decided to run, I think you better have a copy of the campaign regulations. I suggest you have your group memorize 'em. They might chant them every morning. Hey, what's the big deal? Vinnie's not the first Sweathog who ever ran. No, that's right. Back in 1962, Jerry Slater was disqualified for stuffing the ballot box with his opponent. Look, don't worry about Vinnie, Mr. Woodman. You just make sure the other candidates follow the rules. Kotter, the other candidates happen to be Scott Phillips and Judy Borden. Scott, as you know, is captain of the debating team. Judy is a straight-A student. She started the Committee For Students' Rights. Oh, she started that? Nobody's perfect, Kotter. You're really an enlightened educator, Mr. Woodman. It's too bad you didn't work at Boys Town. You could've kept Mickey Rooney after school for being short. I never thought of Mickey Rooney as being short. Hi, Scott. "Don't be a clot, vote for Scott." I didn't know you was running for president, Scott. Ain't you gonna vote for Vinnie? Hey, what do you think, Mr. Kotter? I don't know. I haven't seen that many teeth since Jaws. Hey, Vinnie. If you're president, I'll be first lady. Hey, now, wait a minute. Don't get carried away. Remember, a woman's place is in the car. I'm sorry I'm late, Mr. Kotter, but a campaign manager's work is never done. I was busy beating up the vote. Epstein, that's getting out the vote. Voters who are beat up cannot get out to vote, right? Yeah, that's what I meant: Get out. Okay. Now, the idea of the principle behind an election is to show you how our system works. Now, what would you all wanna do if this was a real presidential campaign? Not get caught. Hey, yo, Barbarino, dig, man. Me as your presidential press secretary. Frederick "Scoop Scoop" Washington. Okay, come here, Washington. Let's see what kind of press secretary you'd make. No comment. I haven't asked you a question yet. Oh, I'm just practicing. Go ahead. Ha-ha. What is Barbarino's position on student dress codes? Well, I'll say this about that. Mr. Barbarino has been studying the matter on student dress codes very carefully. And definitely believes the students should be dressed. What about student, uh, vandalism? Vandals should be dressed too. Can you please answer the question. What question? The question I just asked you. What was that? I don't know. I forgot. It's okay, Mr. Kotter. It happens to me all the time. I raise my hand, and I forget what I was gonna say. Maybe you was gonna aks to leave the room? I'm the teacher, Arnold, I don't have to "aks." Yeah, right. Okay, Barbarino... But if you have to leave the room, it's okay with me anyway. I'll try to remember that, Arnold. Okay. KOTTER: Can I continue now? Oh, go ahead, go ahead. Okay, Barbarino, you got yourself a press secretary. Now you need a cabinet. What for, Mr. Kotter? He's already got a locker. Hey, Vinnie, how about a nice, soft cabinet job for me, like, uh, secretary of fear, something like that? Why not, Epstein? You're already my campaign manager, my right-hand man. Hey, what about me? Could I be one of your fingers? Sure, pick one. Oh, wait, I'll make it easier. I'll mix 'em up. You see, Mr. Kotter, when I'm elected, my people get anything they want. Even you. Maybe I can get you promoted to a better class. I appreciate the thought, Vinnie. But you're going about this all wrong. Look, if you want to win, what you need is, uh... You need a platform. Oh, I... I already got a platform. I'm a law and order candidate. I make the laws, and... I keep the order. This is an election. This is not a military takeover. You're going about this all wrong. Come on. "Vote for Vinnie, and nobody gets hurt"? A secretary of fear? Look, why do you guys think a Sweathog has never been elected president before? 'Cause nobody likes us. No, because nobody has ever shown the positive side of being a Sweathog. Now look who you're running against: Scott Phillips and Judy Borden. Her? Judy Borden? She's so fat. She is so fat. How fat is she? She's so fat, that last year she ran for homecoming queen and was elected the float. Come on, Vinnie, what about Scott Phillips, huh? Most popular kid in school, straight-A student. You wanna beat a guy like Scott, project something different. Like what? I don't know. Remember, it's all image. Watch me. Hi, there. My name is Vinnie Barbarino, dynamic young man on the move. And remember, on election day, I want your support. Vin is him. Oh. You see where I'm going, Vinnie? Yeah, off the deep end. Get out there, talk to people, listen to their problems. Hi, there. I'm Vinnie Barbarino, dynamic young man on the move. And, uh, hi there to you. I'm F. "Boom Boom" Washington, dynamic ghetto-dweller, standing still. All right. All right. Okay, guys, let's get serious. You gotta make people who have never met you wanna vote for you. This is more than just a school assembly. Pretend it's a big presidential campaign with the conventions... You know, you've seen a convention on TV. Hey, sure, man. That's when 8000 turkeys put on funny hats, sit on bridge chairs and vote for the dude with the most balloons. Not quite, Washington. It's really democracy in action. This is how it goes. Will the convention please come to order? All right. Oklahoma, how do you vote? Mr. Chairman, Oklahoma, where corn grows as high as an elephant's eye, casts six votes for Vinnie Barbarino. Kansas, how do you vote? Mr. Chairman, Kansas, the home of Dorothy, Toto and the Wizard of Oz, cast five votes for Vinnie Barbarino. Oregon, the first state to decriminalize marijuana, how do you vote? Mr. Chairman, Oregon casts all its votes to... Seven votes, man, for, uh... Beautiful person really, uh... Vinnie Barbarino. Mr. Vinnie Barbarino. Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie. Hey. Can I borrow your coat, please? My coat? Yeah, you can. Yeah. Thank you. Hi, there. I'm Vin Barbarino. And I'm running for the office of student body president. If elected, I promise less homework. Now, how are you gonna keep a promise like less homework? If I'm elected, I'm gonna do less homework. Okay. Sit down, Barbarino. Oooh! All right. Now, you gotta say things that the people are gonna believe. You gotta make it like you have a vision for a better Buchanan. Like you maybe have a great dream. Ohh. I have great dreams sometimes. Terrific, Horshack. Barbarino, if we wanna win, we gotta... What is this "we" stuff? I thought I was the guy who was running? You are, but if you wanna win, you just gotta do things the right way. ♪ Oh, Buchanan Oh, Buchanan ♪ ♪ Do we love you? No ♪ I wanna talk to you. Look, Vinnie, I'm trying to help you. When you do your speech tomorrow, you gotta look good. I got this great turtleneck sweater. It's got an alligator on the pocket. I don't want your image, I don't want your sweater, and I don't want your alligator. Hey, Vinnie. Look, I don't wanna turn into somebody else. I like me, and if me isn't good enough to be president, I don't wanna be president. I withdraw. You run. You're the one with the alligator. Hi, Mr. Kotter. Hiya, Judy, Scott. What's happening? Mr. Kotter, you can tell Barbarino and Epstein that Judy and I are withdrawing from the election. So would you mind tellin' Horshack to stop callin' me up and breathin' into the phone? Running for student body president of Buchanan: Nobody. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ Hey, thanks for coming in early, guys. So this is the faculty lounge, huh? Sort of the way I expected it to be, you know. Dull. Hey, what do you teachers do here? Play show and tell? No, for fun, Epstein, we just sit around and laugh at your test papers. Hey, Vinnie, look at this. Look at this here. Instant bouillon cubes. Instant soup. Instant broth. None of this stuff is real. Don't you know about teachers? Huh? We're not born. You just add hot water and stir. Barbarino? Is he mad at me? He ain't talkin'. Come on, Vinnie. Let's talk it out. Hey, I know that look, and he ain't talkin'. If you wanna talk to him, you talk to me. Then I'll talk to him, he'll talk to me, then I'll talk to you. Simple. Vinnie. Hello? Hello. Tell him because I blew it, there's no reason he should blow it too. Vinnie. He says you're blowin' it. What did he say? He said: What does he mean by that? Vinnie, what do you mean by that? I don't know. When my grandmother gets mad at me, she talks that way. It's okay. When his grandmother gets mad at him, she talks that way. Tell him my grandmother has a message for his grandmother. His grandmother has a message for your grandmother. What is it? What is it? What does that mean? What does that mean? Tell him it means that because he's bugged at me that's no reason to cheat the Sweathogs out of their first possible victory. You're cheating us, man. Tell him I had faith in him. I thought he was a leader. So did I. And tell him this is no time to cop out on his friends. That's rotten, Vinnie. Rotten. You don't deserve to be president, you know that. That's it. I'm gonna run for president. We don't need you. You?! Epstein, you're my best friend, and even I'd have trouble voting for a person like you. You quit. I only quit 'cause Mr. Kotter was making me run with a phony image. You're right, Vinnie. Let me tell you guys a story. When I went to Buchanan, I wanted to be president more than anything in the world. But nobody gave me any inspiration. They didn't believe a Sweathog could do anything. Vinnie, I just didn't follow through. But you gotta follow through. Come on. No, wait... Wait a second, Epstein. Wait a minute. What you're trying to say is that I ought to run as Vinnie Barbarino, all-Sweathog and proud of it, right? That's right. Which reminds me, Epstein. Hmm? For some strange reason Scott Phillips and Judy Borden have decided to withdraw from the race. Imagine that. I didn't tell anybody he couldn't run. I just told Scott if he got elected, he'd lose use of his face. I didn't think he was gonna take me seriously. Well, you know, people are funny that way. They get annoyed when you threaten their faces. You mean... You mean I'm already president? Well, that depends. On what? On whether you're willing to win by scaring people out of an election. You want that kind of a hollow, unsatisfying victory? Hey, man, do you really wanna win that way? Yeah. If they wanna quit, that's their decision. The only thing is, I think maybe you helped them decide. No, I wasn't gonna follow through, really. I... That's just my way. Hey, you're not the only one with a story, Kotter. This is the naked city, baby. There's eight million stories out there, and I got one too. You think it's easy being a Puerto Rican Jew, huh? You think it's easy growing up in a house with nine other Puerto Rican Jews? Half my brothers were out stealing pants, the other half were altering 'em. I mean, like, I had to threaten people just to get into the bathroom. Who do you think you're talking to, Epstein? When I was a kid, we didn't have a bathroom. We had to use a Texaco station across the street. It wasn't bad if you made the light. Get the point, Epstein. You're not the only one that's poor. It doesn't give you the right to go around threatening people. All right, all right. So, what are we supposed to do now? I've invited Scott and Judy here for a little talk. You're butting in again, man. No, I'm leaving. It's up to you. Whatever you decide is okay with me. I just did guarantee them a little what you'd call, uh, diplomatic immunity. What does that mean? It means their dental patterns are gonna remain unchanged. All right, all right. So we'll talk to 'em. Okay. I'll see you guys later. Right. And, uh, I'll see Scott and Judy later too, huh? What do you think? I think maybe he's right. Um, it's kinda like goin' to fight a guy, and then when you get there, he's already beat up. Hi. He's coming. Hey, hey, hey. He's coming. He's coming. Put it there. All right. Don't you think we can hold off on the victory party till we find out who won the election? What are you talking about, Mr. Kotter? Vinnie's got it locked up. Mr. Kotter, you were so right. I mean, without Scott running, it would've been a hollow victory. I feel... I feel like this is just the beginning. Today, Buchanan, tomorrow, who knows? All right. Go get 'em. Governor Barbarino. Senator Barbarino. Emperor Barbarino. You know, Julius Caesar was an Italian. All right, your majesty, if you'll get on your chariot, and go back to your chair, we'll have time to take attendance. Barbarino is here. Cavanaugh is here. Ooh, ooh. Straight time. Good morning, Mr. Kotter. Mr. Woodman. Morning, students. Well. This is the moment we've all been waiting for. Gee, I'm sorry to hear you're leaving, Mr. Woodman. I, uh, am referring to the results of the student election, Mr. Kotter. Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie, Vinnie. Who is that boy? That's Arnold Horshack. Strange. I have a couple announcements. The Pledge of Allegiance is canceled today. I would appreciate very much the return of the flag. And now the election results. All right. I am very happy to announce that the new student body president... of Buchanan is Scott Phillips. And for all of you who worked so hard and fought so dirty and didn't win, no trouble. The results, Mr. Kotter. Have a good day, children. Hey, man, hey. That ain't no big thing. Hey, Vinnie. I'm gonna get 'em for what they did, Vinnie. I'm gonna get 'em for what they did, Vinnie. You did the best that you could. Hey, come here. Look at these results. Judy Borden, 11 votes, huh? Vinnie Barbarino, 47 votes. Scott Phillips, 322. You really know how to cheer a guy up, don't you? Hey, that means that 39 Sweathogs voted for you. You got through to them. I did? Right. There was something in you that they responded to. Maybe it was my personality. Maybe it was. Maybe if I run next year, I could pick up a couple of 10, 20 votes, you know. Who knows, if I stay in school long enough...? I wonder if the president of the United States has to be a high school graduate? I lost. How could you lose? You weren't even running. Well, how come I feel like I lost? 'Cause you were butting in again, Kotter. And now, from the great state of yesterday, memory nominates the oldest Sweathog: Gabe Kotter. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ What do you call that stuff? You heard of chicken cacciatore? Well, this is an old family delicacy. It's called chicken catatory. You just made that up. Would I do a thing like that? Yeah. You're right. This was handed down from generation to generation. Really? How far back? Well, it goes all the way back to my great ancestor Caveman Zor Kotter, who incidentally invented the chicken. Really? Then he invented garbage. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Welcome Back, Kotter was recorded live on tape before a studio audience. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 