Welcome Back, Kotter: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Welcome Back, Kotter 
 s1e9 - Mr. Kotter, Teacher - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979): Season 1, Episode 9 - Mr. Kotter, Teacher - full transcript 
 Mr. Kotter is suspended because Mr. Woodman doesn't like his teaching methods. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Too bad you went to sleep early last night. Why? What'd you have in mind? There was a terrific movie on, the late show. Spy movie. It was all about this Israeli spy, has to deliver this microfilm to this guy on the Lower East Side of New York. They give him a code. He's supposed to say: "The sky above, the mud below." The other guy's supposed to say: "Okay, I'm your contact." Right? So he gets on the Lower East Side of Delancey Street. Looks in the directory. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's two Bernsteins. What did he do? He had this code, so he figured he'd try the one on the first floor. So he knocks on the door. A little old man peeks through the keyhole and he goes... Ah, he goes: "Mr. Bernstein, the sky above, the mud below." Old man looks at him and says, "You don't want me, you want Bernstein the spy on the second floor." Welcome Back, Kotter is recorded live before a studio audience. ♪ Welcome back ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Oh, the black magic ♪ ♪ Has me in its spell ♪ ♪ That old black magic ♪ ♪ That I weave so well ♪ Good morning, Charlie. Good morning, Gabe. To the patron saint of science teachers. To Baron Von Frankenstein. Ohhhhh. Charlie, when you die, it's gonna take 'em nine days to beat your liver to death. Oh. When you hear my news, you're gonna wish you were dead. You are being reviewed today. So look like a teacher. Look miserable. I'm sorry. I can't. I'm happy. There's no time to be happy. When Woodman comes in and looks at your class, tell the Sweathogs to shut up and study. I'm telling you, I've been trying some experimental things in class. And they're really starting to pay off. Instead of them memorizing dates, I'm making them think for themselves. For the first time, I feel like a teacher. I'm not gonna give that up just 'cause it's review day. Well, let's hope Woodman is in a good mood. Where's your class, Kotter? The bell just rang. Piper, get to your classroom. Yes, sir. If I weren't in such a good mood, I'd have both your jobs for this. If I weren't in such a good mood, I'd have both your jobs for this. Piper, in your class. That's pretty good. Like that, huh? You're lucky he's in a good mood. Come on, dance, Mr. Kotter. Get down. Oh, yeah. Okay. Now, all of you. ♪ Let's twist again ♪ ♪ Like we did Last summer ♪ ♪ Let's twist again... ♪ You're an oldie but a goody, Mr. Kotter. Come on, let's get to work. Okay. Let's move it. Mr. Kotter, we took the liberty to assume that we was gonna rap like we was doing yesterday, all right? You really got into what we were doing yesterday? Okay, come on everybody, get into a circle. Yeah. Let's go. Circle. You know that the circle is the oldest form of education? It goes back as far as history itself. I want you to... I want you to feel free to talk about anything you wanna talk about. Ooh! Ooh, ooh! Ooh! Arnold, you wanna say something? Last night on television, I saw The Wizard of Oz. For the 14th time. Okay, all right, all right. What do you think The Wizard of Oz was about? Oh, it was about, uh, 2 hours and 20 minutes including commercials. Man, no, it was a lot of made-up junk about a lot of dudes in animal suits. Yeah, but they all represented people, Freddie. Like, the, uh, Scarecrow was looking for brains. Like Horshack. Come on. Come on. Yeah, and... And that man in that old dumb garbage-can suit, he needed a heart. Like Epstein. Right. And the Lion, he needed courage. All right, put 'em up, put 'em up. Come on, put 'em up. I'll fight you with both hands behind my back. Come on. I'll fight you with an eraser in my hand. Nyah, nyah, nyah. Very impressive, Mr. Kotter. Okay, the point of The Wizard of Oz was that they were all going for something they already had. They just didn't realize it. Boy, were they dumb. Hey, look, man, why are we going on about an old, stupid kid movie? Man, that ain't cool. It's really important to you, Freddie, huh, trying to be cool? Hey, look, man, I don't have to try to be cool. I am cool. Hey, just turn down the lights. - He'll heat up. Hee-hee! - Ooh! Okay, all right. Now, it's all right to be cool, but you gotta be a cool something. Okay. I wanna build the tallest building in the world. What are you gonna call it, Washington Heights? No. I think I'm gonna call it the Boom Boom Building. All right, Epstein, what do you wanna do? I'm gonna be a typhoon. A restaurant typhoon, huh? Juan Epstein, caterer to the stars. Puerto Rican-Jewish delicacies a specialty. Hello, this is Epstein, the refried matzo ball king. What are you doing, Kotter? Groucho. Mr. Woodman, I'm trying something new. Watch, it'll the high point of your day. My day has no high points. What's going on here? We're, uh, rapping. "Wrapping"? Wrapping what, Kotter? I'll just stand back here, uh, reviewing everything you do. Okay, Barbarino, what kind of adult do you wanna be? I can tell you the kind of adult I wanna be in two words: Marlon Brando. All right, all right, all right, hey. Do you wanna go to acting school, Vinnie? No, I don't have to. I'm gonna be discovered in a drugstore. Wearing a tight sweater? Hey, let's do a scene for them from The Godfather. All right. You ready? Watch this. We have to sit through this? Be right back. Another magic moment in the theater. Don Barbarino, I come to ask you a favor. What? A favor, Don Barbarino. What? Hey, that was pretty good. Hey, that's a cool scene, man. That's pretty cool. This is all very interesting, Kotter, but don't you think it's time you started class? Mr. Woodman, this is class. Kotter, you're not using the textbook. Mr... Ungh! In case you haven't noticed, we Sweathogs are forgotten people. I mean, we don't get good books. We get this. Are you trying to tell me that's a bad book? It's the pits. Pits? What pits? I mean, what does he mean by that, Kotter? He means that it has no relevance to his life. That it's outdated. Look at this. "Soon the railroad will span the entire country." "Texas is the largest of our 39 states." Oh, here's a good one. "They predict television." You're joking, Kotter. Okay, I'm joking about the railroad and, uh, Texas but look, it says: "They predict television." They were right, weren't they? That doesn't make it a bad book. Mr. Woodman, it's the pits. What...? What...? What pits, Kotter? Could I have a word with you alone in the hall? Okay. Try to keep this discussion going. I'll be right back. Good luck. Mr. Woodman, look, I know my methods are a little unorthodox. Unorthodox, Kotter? Try crazy, try insane. Try nutsy cuckoo. You didn't like it? Kotter, I used to teach social studies. Social studies is memorizing names, places, dates. ♪ In 1492 ♪ ♪ Columbus sailed The ocean blue ♪ That's nutsy cuckoo. Mr. Woodman, that's reciting, not learning. Learning is a discussion between people, a dialogue. The ancient Greeks did it. Where are your ancient Greeks today, Kotter? They're all in a restaurant on 9th Avenue. Look, Mr. Woodman, you said yourself it was interesting. It's not school, Kotter. You talk, they listen. That's school. That's the way I taught. That's the way you have to teach. I'm sorry, Mr. Woodman, I'm really sorry. I'm not gonna hurt these kids by following an outdated set of rules. Well then, Kotter, this school isn't big enough for both of us. I'm bringing you up on charges before the teachers' review board. You're kidding. I never kid, Kotter. I have no sense of humor. I'll take your class. Turn in your chalk. You're suspended. That's the pits. ♪ Welcome back ♪ Miss Riley will act as, uh, arbiter in this case. Miss Riley, this is the accused's friend, Mr. Piper. How do you do? This is the accused, Mr. Kotter. The accused's wife, Mrs. Kotter. RILEY: Mrs. Kotter. My husband is a wonderful teacher. Wonderful. My wife is here for moral support. Yes. Hm. Michael, will you read your charges against Mr. Kotter, please? With pleasure. "Gabriel Kotter has heretofore refused "to use the assigned textbook, "failed to follow the prescribed curriculum "and is in violation of Section 3 "of the education code. In addition to that, he does Groucho Marx in the classroom." Ahem. Miss Riley, uh, I'm here as a character witness for Mr. Kotter. May I say a few words? Yes. My colleague Gabe Kotter is a terrific guy. I take it you've known him a long time? Oh, yes. Four, five weeks. He is a great teacher. You have observed his class? Uh... You may recall the incident of a teacher that was arrested in the balcony of a Times Square movie? He is not the man. Thanks a lot, Charlie. You just won the award for Best Performance by a Moral Supporter in a Nonsupporting Role. Ah, Mr. Kotter, are your students planning to attend this meeting? No, of course, not. His Sweathogs had the nerve to ask me for permission to be here. Permission which I naturally denied. That's not fair. I mean, what we're deciding today is who's gonna teach those kids, and I think they should be part of that decision, right? I mean, I'm thinking that they should be here. I see. Make a-way for the paint and paper men. Just a moment. There's a meeting going on here. Hey, mac, when you hire the Linguini brothers to work, the Linguini brothers, we a-work. Hey, right, Nozzio? That's a-right, Guido. All right. This is absurd. What could be more ridiculous than this? Kotter. I know that face. What? That's you, Barbarino. Where? Barbarino, are you in there alone? Mr. Kotter, are these your students? Yes, these are my Sweathogs. That's Moe, Larry, Curly. And that's Raquel. Why did you guys come dressed like this? 'Cause Mr. Woodman said no Sweathogs could be here. So we've been doing like we've been doing in class. We started asking ourselves questions. "Selves," we asked, "what can we do to help Mr. Kotter beat this rap," but... At first, our selves didn't answer. But suddenly, out of nowhere, a voice came into our heads and said, "Go to the li-bary." They went to the library? You went to the library where they keep the books? Yeah, and for three whole days we's been looking up what you call legal "presidents." "Grant v. Richmond, "Dempsey v. Tunney, Flippo the Seal v. Caesar's Palace." Here we are. "Section 3, Subsection 8, Paragraph 4 of the city charter." Whatever that is. "Any teacher... "Any teacher placed on suspension has the right to a public hearing." Mr. Kotter, your students are somewhat offbeat. Quiet! But they may speak if they will keep it brief. Okay, Barbarino. Take the stand. Where should I take it? It's a little joke. All right. Don't look. All right, now. "I would really like Mr. Kotter back "'cause I figure his replacement could be worse." Thanks a lot, Vinnie. Hey, I ain't through yet. "Now, I just think Mr. Kotter's a pretty good guy." About half the time. "And... And..." And a wonderful teacher. Yeah. And a wonderful teacher. And don't let this dress fool you. I really mean it. Barbarino. Thank you. And, uh, Goodyear called. They'd like their blimps back. Pretty good speech, baby. Hi, there. Yeah, I'm just your average student from off the streets and personally, I feel Mr. Kotter is a bad teacher. You think he's a bad teacher? No, no, no, no, no. I mean, not bad like bad, but bad like... bad. Oh... bad. See, most teachers ask you a question, they expect you to guess the right answer. Well, my main man Mr. Kotter, he let's us ask our own questions. See, and sometimes, there's more than one right answer. Which means, all them times that I was wrong, I was right. You see, um, I was right. I thank you. Hello. How are you? I'm Arnold Horshack. And up until now, going to school to me has always been like being vaccinated. What do you mean, vaccinated? Well, see, a subject is something you take and once you've had it, you are immune and need not ever take it again. But, Mr. Kotter here, he's not like that. I mean, he really expects us to learn. And it takes a heap of learning to make a boy a man. Hey, Arnold, hey. That's a good speech. You're a wonderful pupil, Arnold. Hey, my man. That's pretty good. I, uh... I think my colleagues expressed themselves pretty good on the... On the matter of Mr. Kotter getting the ax, you know. So I got a list of grievances of my own I'd like to air. First of all, "The food in the cafeteria stinks." Right. Second of all... Completely irrelevant. Irrelevant? You mean with the trunk and ears? Hey, there's a whole lot of "relevance" in the circus. Mr. Ravelli. Yeah, boss. I had an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in I'll never know. Hey, that's a-pretty good. There, that's a violation of Section 3. He's imitating Groucho Marx. I'm sorry, Miss Riley, I got carried away. Epstein, take a chair. No, no, not that one. No need to get red and puffy, Michael. Mr. Kotter, is there anything you'd like to say in your own behalf? In your own voice. Certainly. Um... Certainly. Miss Riley, I'm a teacher. That's why it says on my locker: "Mr. Kotter, Teacher." And I'm teaching a group of kids known as Sweathogs. Now, contrary to popular opinion, Sweathogs are not dumb. I mean, a dumb person does not think of a way to make it rain in the gymnasium. I did that. Unfortunately, normal teaching methods don't seem to work for these kids. I mean if they did, well, then they wouldn't be Sweathogs. Don't you see? They're gonna have to survive in the world of the future. And if they learn how to learn, well, then they'll be able to survive anywhere. Copies of this speech can be obtained by writing Fockle Press... Great speech, Mr. Kotter. Very good. All right. Isn't he a wonderful teacher? Wonderful. Michael, would you care to say anything before I make my decision? I think my case speaks for itself, Miss Riley. Very well. Uh, Mr. Kotter, I may not approve of your methods, but I do believe in the rights of teachers to teach. Now, I... I was impressed by your Sweathounds'... Hogs. Sweathogs', uh, initiative in doing research to save your job. It seems that there... There is a method in your madness. Now, uh, you may think I'm old-fashioned, Mr. Kotter, but in my youth, I was considered rather radical myself. I vote to retain you. I demand a recount! Eh, we won, stupid. We won. We won. Miss Riley. Miss Riley. The man's methods, they're nutsy cuckoo. Well, you taught him, Michael. You should be proud. Now, there is one condition. The, uh... The regulations say that you must use the textbook. Okay, I'll use the book. Good. This meeting is adjourned. This is nutsy. Nutsy. Nutsy! Oh, Mr. Kotter, I think I know what you've been going through. I was a teacher myself for 40-odd years. And there were 40 of the oddest years I've ever known. Well, I think I'll just leave my wonderful husband with his wonderful students. Congratulations, Gabe. I'm glad I could help. We won. You think I copped out, don't you? Yeah, and after all them fancy words. Hey, man, you acted just like everybody else. Yeah, we thought the Wizard was gonna give you some courage. You promised to use those dumb, old books. Aha! But I didn't say how I was gonna use the books. Okay. Everybody take one. Now, I'm gonna teach you all something you're very badly in need of. What? Posture. Walk like this. Walk straight. Walk proud. Remember, we're Sweathogs. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams were your... ♪ Did I ever tell you what happened the last time I went to see my grandmother in Miami? No, but you will. Okay, I'm on the plane, right? There's this little old lady sitting next to me. She's got this big diamond ring. Yeah. So I said, look, lady, I must compliment you. That's a beautiful diamond ring. She says, "You don't know what this diamond ring is? This is the famous Platnick diamond." The famous Platnick diamond. I said, Wow, that's terrific. She said, "Not so terrific. There's a terrible curse comes with this diamond." I said, what's the curse? She says, "Sam Platnick." ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams were your Ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams were your Ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ 'Cause we got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 