Welcome Back, Kotter: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Welcome Back, Kotter 
 s1e10 - The Reunion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Reunion - full transcript 
 Mr. Kotter dreads an old successful classmate coming to dinner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Did I tell you my aunt took driving lessons? No. But I have a feeling I'm gonna hear all about it. Yes, 'cause I know that you really want to, deep inside. She's taking driving lessons, the instructor is sitting on her side. First of all, she puts her hand out the window like this: Then she goes like this: And then she goes like this: Well, why did she do that? That's just what the instructor said. "Lucille, why did you do that?" 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She said, "Well, first I was gonna make a left turn. "Then I decided to make a right turn. "Then I decided not to make any turn, so I erased the whole thing." Welcome Back, Kotter has been recorded live on tape before a studio audience. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Okay. Yeah... I'll tell him as soon as he comes out. Uh-huh. Yeah... Six will be fine. I am looking forward to meeting you and Mary Frances too. Okay. Yeah, I'll see you later. Bye-bye. Honey, you will never guess who just called. I'm sorry, I don't have time. I'm late, Julie. Come on. Guess who's coming to dinner. Okay. What are you cooking? My world famous tuna casserole. It's nobody that we ever want to see again. That's very cute. I'll give you a hint. "I can't wait to see old Gabby Gabe again." Say that again. "I can't wait to see old Gabby Gabe again." Come on. Lyle Flannigan is coming here? You guessed. Boy, did he sound nice. Of course he sounded nice. Lyle Flannigan was the nicest boy who ever went to Buchanan. He's so nice he would help old ladies cross their legs. Gabe. You should be happy. You haven't seen Lyle Flannigan in 10 years. Julie, did it ever occur to you that if you haven't seen someone for 10 years, chances are it's because you don't want to? Now, I find out that when I'm in the bathroom shaving, my wife... that's you invites a Lyle Flannigan to dinner. You're mad at me. Julie, I'm not mad at you. I just don't wanna have Lyle Flannigan over for dinner. Well, what's wrong with Lyle Flannigan? You wanna know what's wrong with Lyle Flannigan? I'll tell you what's wrong with Lyle Flannigan. There's nothing wrong with Lyle Flannigan. That's what's wrong with Lyle Flannigan. Lyle Flannigan is perfect. Did you ever know a kid who went through school without a pimple, a blemish? I would've even settled for a wart. We were on the basketball team together. Lyle Flannigan used to score 30 points a game, and he would never sweat. I was second-string. I used to sit on the bench and sweat. The only person that was as bad as Lyle Flannigan was that Miss Personality cheerleader he used to go out with. Uh... If her name is Mary Frances, it's gonna be old-home week around here tonight. That figures. I knew that those two were gonna get married. They look so nice, they probably stood on their own wedding cake. Well, maybe they're not so nice anymore. Julie, Lyle Flannigan is not a bad guy. He's not mean, he's not hostile. Throughout school, he always acted superior. And you want to know something? What? He was. Well, what are you gonna do? While I'm at school today, working with my students, move. All right, Arnold, get out here. Pretty clever, eh, Mr. Kotter? I thought this up all by myself this morning. Not today, all right, Arnold? Someday, we'll discuss the history of the whoopee cushion and the dribble glass, but... not today. All right, Sweathogs. Another day, another dollar. Let's get right to work. Book reports. Mr. Kotter. What does that mean, "Another day, another dollar"? Well, Vinnie, in the case of teachers, it comes very close to being a financial statement. Book reports. Hey, Mr. Kotter. Mr. Epstein. Couldn't you get rich being a teacher? Epstein, I have enough money to last me for the rest of my life. Uh-huh. Unless I wanna buy something. Why? Huh? Oh, well, you know, I was thinking about being a teacher. But, like, if there's not enough bucks in it, why be a sap, huh? No, I think I'm gonna be a street sweeper. It says here, you know, uh, you can make 18,000 bucks a year. Where? Right here. 18,000 bucks... All right, look. Don't bring papers into class. That's in San Francisco. That's where they have all those earthquakes. They should get paid that much money. They got to sweep buildings up off the street. All right, quit the stalling. Book reports. One last question. Okay, Freddie. But make it simple and make it quick. Mr. Kotter. What is... the meaning of life? Ah, Sweathopper. You ask the meaning of life. You must go to Epstein's gym locker. Open it up. Take one deep breath. If you will survive that, you will survive anything. All right, let's go. Book reports. I got one, master. "Book report. "The Arabian Nights. "Adventure. 1942. Black and white. "Two brothers, Jon Hall and Leif Erickson, "fight over a throne. "Maria Montez, Sabu, Turhan Bey. Ninety minutes. Repeat." How was the movie? Oh, it was wonderful. Uh, Sabu and the elephant lived happily ever after. Mr. Kotter, I got my book report. Oh, another surprise. "Trailer Park Cutie... "by Miss M. "An original nightstand classic. "Monica knew that one man was too much. Yet 10 were not enough." Whoo! That's enough, Vinnie. "She awoke in the morning glistening..." All right. "Her desire..." I don't care about her glistening. Next time, you bring a book report in in a plain brown wrapper. That's enough. Enough. You know, sometimes I wonder why I bother with you people at all. Don't you like teaching us, Mr. Kotter? I love teaching, Arnold. Teaching is my chosen profession. But there are days like today when all I am is a straight man for Sweathogs. I might as well have become a door-to-door salesman. Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Did you want to, uh, say something, Arnold? My Uncle Murray was a door-to-door salesman. It finally drove him crazy. Okay, Arnold. How come it drove him crazy? He sold doors. Every day he would go to a house and knock on one. But he knew he wasn't gonna make a sale. Hey, Mr. Kotter. What's bugging you? What's bugging you? Wanna know? Okay, I'm gonna tell you what's bugging me. I have a bad case of Lyle Flannigan. Uh, when did you first notice that something was wrong with your Flannigan? Lyle Flannigan is person, Freddie. We went to school here together. Well, come on, Mr. Kotter. Why don't you tell us about him? Nothing to tell. We went to school. We were on the basketball team. Now I heard he's making a million dollars. He's in a big office building with 18 secretaries, and I'm back here where I started. Don't you find teaching a rewarding experience, Mr. Kotter? Aren't you happy with us? Yeah, you know, you didn't have to be a teacher, Mr. Kotter. Mr. Kotter, you could've made yourself a whole lot of money. That's right, Freddie, I could have. I mean, I had plenty of opportunities. Heather Weintraub's father wanted me to go into the "funeral biz," as Heather used to call it. Hey, well, why didn't you do it? Because Heather looked like she modeled for the caskets. You know, Mr. Kotter... I get the distinctive impression that you are not happy. Why shouldn't I be happy, Arnold? So far, it's been a terrific day. First of all, I wake up late. Second of all, my wife cooks me orange juice for breakfast. Then she invites somebody I haven't seen in 10 years, who I don't want to see, to dinner tonight. Then I come to school, and Arnold Horshack has me chasing a wallet down the hall. Then after that, nobody's done their book report. Epstein was up till 2:00 in the morning with, "Sabu, Maria Montez, repeat." Barbarino did a book report too. "Trailer Park Cutie by Miss M. Monica knew that 10 men were not enough... but a hundred was too many. And Freddie wants to know why Mr. Kotter ain't making, uh, $18,000 a year, like some street sweeper in San Francisco. Now, I got seven more classes I got to go through today. Then I gotta go home and have tuna casserole... Bleh! With Captain No-Pimple and his wife, Sister Mary Pompom. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your... ♪ Gabe. I'm not here. Aren't you gonna change? They'll be here any minute. Hey, look, I got a great idea. They're here. This is my idea. Make a very thin sandwich and slide it under the door. You can't do that. Can we? No. That wouldn't be nice. And we gotta be nice. Lyle and Mary Frances are coming, so we're gonna be nice, nice, nice, nice, nice. ♪ I'm a nice guy ♪ Gabe Kotter? Mary Frances. I didn't recognize you without your pompoms. Chh. Mary Frances, I'd love you to meet my wife. This is Julie. Mary Frances. So nice to meet you. Gabe has told me so much about you and Lyle. Lyle is still parking his car. He is so fussy about that car of his. I'd hate to tell you how much it cost. Well, was there a lot of traffic? Fourteen thousand, five hundred dollars. That's a lot of traffic. Let me take your coat, Mary Frances. Thank you. "Closet." Isn't that cute? Hello. Oh. I'm Lyle. And you must be Julie. You're just as pretty as you sounded on the phone. What a nice thing to say. Thank you. That's my Lyle. Gabe, you old son of a gun. How you doing, Lyle? Well, Gabe, I don't mind telling you that I'm making a bundle. A bundle. Heh-heh. You hear that, Julie? Old Lyle here's in the bundle business. Let me make you a drink. Great. Ly-Ly, isn't it sweet that Gabe still lives in the old neighborhood? Oh, I remember what this neighborhood is like. That's why I'm glad I found a spot in front of the building. Gabe, that car of mine eats gas like a bus. And I'd hate to tell you what I paid for it. Fourteen thousand, five hundred. You got one too? No. The city takes care of my bus. They lock it up at night so they can paint over the graffiti. Heh. It's a joke. He means the "bus" bus, Mary Frances. Mary Frances? Heh-heh. Oh, Gabe was always funny, remember? I mean, Gabe always had something to say. That's why we called him Gabby Gabe. Didn't we, Gabby Gabe? I have nothing to say. Dinner will be ready in a few minutes. Julie, do you know what I would love? No. A tour of the house. Do you mind? Whose house? Oh. Our house. This is it. Mary Frances, I would be delighted to take you on a tour of the house. Oh, thank you. Let us start over here in our spacious dinning room. This is where visiting heads of state have been known not to show up. Two steps to the right, and we're in our kitchen, which... as you see, is decorated in early Munchkin. Now over here, this is our spacious foyer. Try to keep up with the tour, Mary Frances. That's my den out there, which is decorated in early Fire Escape. Now, the third one to the right... You see the one over there with racing stripes and the chrome? That's our garbage can. Which brings us back to our bedroom, which your husband Lyle is sitting on. Why, it's the most quaint and charming little apartment I've ever seen, isn't it, Ly-Ly? I can't imagine what we're doing with five bedrooms. I can't imagine what you guys are doing with one bedroom. I mean, you're so busy, I wouldn't think you had any time to sleep. - Oh. Do you have any children? No. Mary Frances was always more willing to die than do anything to mess up her hair. Ha! Lyle Flannigan. Here come some people. Whoo-whoo. Honey, did you send out for Sweathog delight? No. We heard about your famous tuna casserole. Yeah, we didn't want your dinner guests going hungry. So we decided to bring some real food, you know? A taste of the good life. Fine food in a gracious setting. That your car parked out there? Yes. The black one? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you better get it out of there in a hurry, man. There's a Puerto Rican family moving in it there. What? Uh... they're great kidders, Lyle. Mr. Kotter... we may kid around a lot in class. We only do it 'cause we like you. Really. Yeah. And we don't want to lose you, Mr. Kotter. Yeah, we want you to see that you ain't got to be rich to live big. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. Where'd you guys get all this stuff? Yeah, I mean, it looks like the UN cafeteria. Well, you see... we told our folks that you finally got tired of us... and wanted to quit teaching. So they sent this stuff over, you know? As a sort of gratitude, so that you'll know how much you meant to 'em... and us too. Yeah. My mom says to tell Mr. Kotter: "Anybody who can keep my Juan in school deserves my specialty." You see, it's a Puerto Rican/ Jewish dish. It's called, uh, gefilte... mofongo. She has the dumbest laugh I ever heard. Are you really a rich person? Well. Yeah, I... I guess I'm well off. We're rich, Lyle. Hi. I'm Vinnie Barbarino. Head Sweathog here. You probably want to know more about me. No. Mary Franc... Mary Frances, these are the new Sweathogs. Yeah, we're the new Sweathogs, what of it? Lyle, to these kids, being a Sweathog is a badge of honor. You know, not everybody can be a Sweathog. Hey, man. That's true, man. You take my main man, Mr. Kotter, here, for example. Ain't that right, brother? Man, he was a Sweathog once. Now, he don't want to be no more Sweathog. No more. Hey. Hey, Freddie, come on. Now, that's not true. Lyle, I was uncomfortable about you coming here, and I told them about it, and I think that's what they're doing here. They're my students, but they're also my friends. I'm a Sweathog, and I guess I'm always gonna be one. I mean, you don't make a lot of money, but you meet an interesting class of people. Heh. So you and Mary Frances are welcome to stay, but if you don't wanna be around Sweathogs... Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Gabe. Uh, let me tell you something. I... I know that you've never really liked me very much and... Well, that's not true. No, it is true. I-I-I knew it all along. But you let me hang around, and for that I was grateful. Yeah, why did you want to hang around with me? Envy. Uh, that's it. I'm still envious of you. Oh, Ly-Ly. You're riding around in a $14,000 car, and you envy me? That's right. Why? Gabe, you don't know how much you've got with your students. I mean, what do I have? What I'm saying is, it's not so nice being nice. It's boring being nice. Gabe, all through school, I wanted to be a Sweathog. But dirt never stuck to me. I was... too perfect. It's lovely being perfect. It's boring being perfect. It's boring being rich. I have five boring bedrooms. Am I included in those five boring bedrooms? Mary Frances, no one has a headache for seven years. Lyle, what are you saying? Well, I think that sounds like Sweathog talk to me. Yeah? You really think so? Well, don't take my word for it. Ask the experts. Well, that was sort of like a rank, you know. I think I give him a A for effort and a C for the execution. Okay. Yeah. Well, he's real white bread, you know, but, uh... okay. Congratulations, Mr. Flannigan. Well, I guess that's it. You're an honorary Sweathog. Great. And thank you. You made me feel as rich as you are. Gabe, you are. You're richer. And you're not in trouble with the Internal Revenue. That was a good one, Mary Frances. What? What was? The rank. You just ranked Lyle. Congratulations, Mrs. Flannigan. How do you feel, Mary Frances? Now you're a Sweathog too. Lyle... Up your nose with a rubber hose. Oh! I just lost my headache. Ha! Hey, all right, we're all even. Come on, everybody, there's a lot of food. Let's eat. All right? Okay. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Little Italian man, right? Right. Wants a barbecue his whole life. A barbecue. He likes the cookout, right? So he finally buys a barbecue. He's so happy, he's out in the backyard, he's cooking a couple of steaks, and he's singing: ♪ O, solo mio La, la, la, la ♪ Drunk walks by. He goes: "Hey, mister, you got a terrific voice. But your monkey's on fire." ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him A lot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him A lot ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 