Welcome Back, Kotter: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Welcome Back, Kotter 
 s1e3 - Welcome Back - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979): Season 1, Episode 3 - Welcome Back - full transcript 
 Gabriel Kotter is a teacher in Brooklyn, New York who ends up teaching at his old alma mater: Buchanan High School. He has been assigned to teach the remedial students, better known as the Sweathogs, a group to which he used to belong. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Julie, come on. Get out of bed. Come on. I was having a really great dream. Oh, come on. Take the pillows out. Come on. What'd you do that for? You're stalling. I'm not stalling. I'm not going. Ugh. Again? Honey, just be happy that you have been assigned anywhere. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A lot of new teachers can't find jobs at all. Julie, James Buchanan is not anywhere. It's in Bensonhurst, which is in Brooklyn, which is where I spent four degenerate years as a student. Do you know how rough that is? The gangs there don't use guns. They insert the bullets manually. Welcome Back, Kotter has been recorded live on tape before a studio audience. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ I'll never forget that first day back at Buchanan as a teacher. That's me, the cute one on the left. That's Vice Principal Woodman. He's the kind of guy who drinks prune juice 'cause he likes the taste. When I was a student, he always blamed me for the cafeteria riot. Well, that was 10 years ago. I'm sure the man has forgotten all about it by now. What about the cafeteria riot? He hasn't forgotten. The cafeteria riot? I was there, okay. I was an innocent bystander. Were it not for my faulty memory, I would seem to remember you bystanding on top of the table shouting, "Charge!" That wasn't me, Mr. Woodman, that was Crazy Delaney. No, no, Kotter. No, no. No, Delaney was the maniac who dropped two teachers of different weights from the gymnasium window to see if they hit the ground at the same time. He said it was a physics experiment. Look, Mr. Woodface... These things, they happened a long time ago. I'm a different person. You're a different person. Things change. No, you're wrong. No, you're wrong. Nothing changes. Remember my motto. Conquer thyself, Kotter. Conquer thyself. Right here in the hall? You haven't changed a bit, Kotter. You still have street mouth. I have a degree in teaching, Mr. Woodman. That's why I'm here. You wanna teach? All right, teach. I'm giving you back your own. The special guidance remedial academics group. You're giving me the Sweathogs? To you, whose class launched that revolting name, they're Sweathogs. To me, they're... remedial Sweathogs. Mr. Woodman, do you really think it's... Mr. Kotter, you'll find that first aid is still in Room 118. Good morning. I'm your, uh, new homeroom teacher. My name is Mr. Kotter. I am looking forward to a meaningful learning experience for everybody. A meaningful learning experience, Mr. Kotter? Wow, tell us more. Oh, I'd be delighted to. I'll also be your social studies instructor. Social studies? That's one of our favorites. Can we begin right now? Well, as soon as I get your names, I guess we'll get right into it. Great. Oh, goody, goody, goody! Now that I have succeeded in establishing a relationship, a rapport between myself and myself, I'd like to know who you are. Let us begin over here. No, no. We're gonna start over here. Okay, we'll start over here. Barbarino. Vinnie Barbarino. This is my place and these, these are my people. Thank you, uh, Chairman Barbarino. Who is this? That. That is Epstein. The toughest kid in school. Voted "Most likely to take a life." Epstein, huh? Juan Luis Pedro Phillipo de Huevos Epstein, from San Juan. You're mother's Puerto Rican? No. My father. My mother's name is Bibberman. I really didn't know, you know, that there were Epsteins in Puerto Rico. Oh, there weren't until the winter of '38. When a boat carrying a shivering Lou Epstein from Odessa to the Bronx stopped in San Juan. "Oy," my grandfather said, "look at the palm trees. "Feel this heat. Look at this tan. Hey, who needs Miami?" From that day on, there were Epsteins in San Juan. That's very interesting, uh, Epstein. What's your favorite subject? Assault. Yeah, you tell him Puerto Rico. Hi, there. My name's Freddie Washington. Freddie "Boom Boom" Washington. What's the "Boom Boom" for? ♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪ I get it. I get it. You play the bass. No, man, I just like to be doing this. Who are you? He's Horshack. Horshack doesn't talk? He talks when I tell him to talk. Is that so, Horshack? You need him to tell you to talk? You say nothing on your own volition? Tell him to talk. Talk, Horshack. Hello. How are ya? I'm Arnold Horshack. Which Arnold Horshack? Arnold Horshack, the last. Why the last, Horshack? Because, uh, after they made me, they broke the mold. What else, uh, can you make him do? Oh, the hunchback. Ask me to do the hunchback of Notre-Dame. All right, all right, all right. Horshack, would you do the hunchback of Notre-Dame? It's great. Esmeralda, come ring my bells. Well, look, you're a very interesting group of kids, and I love to go on talking to you forever. But it's time to play Let's Go to School. I'm sorry, Barbarino, but this is my class. Okay. I want you to listen to me and listen closely. Pick up your chairs and move them to wherever you like to sit and sit with anybody you have a relationship with. Why should we do that, Mr. Kotter? Why should we move our chairs? Huh? Huh? This way, you'll be more inclined to study, you'll be in study groups. Do it! Okay. This is what you call a study group. This, uh, study group. To study what? You study whatever grabs you. Wanna study American history? Great. Civics? Far out. Current events? Fantastic. On the other hand, if you'd like to study how to look innocent in a lineup, that's great. If you'd like to study how to speak clearly with a stocking over your head, terrific. Whatever grabs you. The only thing that grabs Horshack is in a brown paper wrapper. Come on! Give it! Come on! You twits! All right, all right, all right, all right. Give me that book. All right. Ooh. I'm into recycling paper. I was about to turn it in. Mr. Kotter, I have an idea. Why don't we take one of those chicks and put her up on the wall so our study group may study her? Mr. Kotter? Mr. Kotter, what you looking at? I was just, uh, reading her biography. Sit down, Horshack. I might do that, Barbarino, if your study group would write a report on censorship. The effect on the male teenager. Yeah, well, Barbarino don't write no reports for no one. Barbarino don't write no reports. What does Barbarino do beside give orders? Hey, Vinnie's the ranking champ for Brooklyn. Take a bow, Vinnie. You mean, insulting, chopping, sounding. The doesn'ts. The doesn'ts. Okay, Barbarino, let's see how much talent you got. You're asking for it, Kotter. You're right, I'm asking for it. Up your nose with a rubber hose. Whoa! Washington, go to the blackboard, write that down under "1975." Another one, Barbarino. I heard you had an idea once, but it died of loneliness. All right. Come on, Barbarino, that the best you can do? Hey, off my case, toilet face. I'm doing terrific. Okay. Now, Washington, go to the other side of the board. Write down "1965." Hey, Barbarino, I understand your sister's rotten to the core. But wonderful to the infantry. Whoa! Oh, yeah? Yeah. And they tell me your father got a new job last week. He became a skin diver for Roto-Rooter. And... And the word's out that your mother... Hey, not my mother. Your aunt. Not my mother. Your aunt is so low she plays handball against a curb. Not my mother. That woman is completely holy. Okay. Thank you, Washington. Now, I think we have some clues here to how our society has changed in the last 10 years. This is very interesting. Notice 1975. The attack is direct upon me. I am described as a toilet face whose one idea has died of loneliness. And who, if Mr. Barbarino had his way, would be walking around with a rubber hose sticking out of his nose. However, in 1965, it's different. The attack is not upon me but upon my family. My sister who is described as... Mr. Woodman. Kotter, what's going on here? What's happened to this room? The seats, the blackboard, this desk? Your mouth? Have you gone berserk? I'm trying to teach my class, Mr. Woodman. Pollute, Kotter, the word's pollute. You're a maniac. You were a maniac remedial academic student. Now you're a maniac remedial academic teacher. Ten years has changed nothing. You're a Sweathog now. You were a Sweathog then. Mr. Woodman, I'm trying to reach these kids. I'm using whatever works, and I think it's working. Horshack, tell him why you're sitting over there? Barbarino, why did you move your chair? Washington... Turkey. What was that you were saying, Kotter? I will not allow you or anybody else to come in this room and chew me out in front of my class. I am a respectable human being. I am a teacher. I am a husband. I am not a 16-year-old Sweathog. Anything else, Kotter? Yes. Up your nose with a rubber hose. ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ You copped out, Gabe. Hey, off my case, toilet face. What? I'm sorry, baby. Julie, I tried. I really tried. It just didn't happen. Thomas Wolfe was right. You can't go home again. Don't worry, something will come along. Bills will come along. And then bill collectors. Large, meaty fellows who feed on other people's furniture and cars. We don't have a car. They'll eat our subway. We're not gonna starve. I know what to do. Tomorrow morning, sew rubber pockets on all my pants, and I'll go to the Automat and steal soup. Julie, I want to be a teacher more than anything in the world. But I wanna go to a place where I can have some effect on my students. Basically, that's what I want. I want students, real students, not hit men in waiting. Uh... Kotter, how you doing? Hey, Mr. Kotter, man, y-you should keep your windows locked. There's a whole lot of ghetto trash out and about these days. All right, look. Barbarino, Washington, you came in through the window you have no right to be here. You're leaving. Don't ever come back here again. This is my home, you understand that? Okay, all right. I understand. I know why you're all here, and I really appreciate it. I think it's a very nice gesture of you, but it didn't work out. There's no way I'm going back. There's just no way I'll go back. No one wants you back, Kotter. Why did you come here? Well, we just wanted to see how the founding Sweathog lives. Hey, look, we can't stay long, we got a cab waiting downstairs. You took a cab? We're gonna give it back. You stole a cab? No, no, no, no, no. It's Horshack's father's cab. You can't steal a guy's father's cab. You can't. Then why'd we tie him up, Vinnie? Huh? Hey. Hey, why'd we tie him up? Wow, I bet you get a lot of action around here. That chick in your study group? That happens to be my wife, Barbarino. Hi, everybody. I'm Julie. I'm leaving your mother out of it, you leave my wife out of it. The woman's holy, completely holy. You know, I think it's just terrific that you guys are married. Every so often, Vinnie wants to marry me. Last time, it was behind the billboards on 84th Street. Hey, everybody. Photo album. Ooh. Great. Okay, wait a second. If you want something, you ask for it, you don't grab. Come on, honey, show them. Ask, don't grab. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. All right. All right. Just for a couple of minutes. Yeah, let's see what we have here. Aw. Isn't that a cute flower. Did you wear it to the senior prom? I bet it looked lovely on your organdy gown. That was my date's. Well, what's it doing here? She didn't show up. Aww. Oh, honey. Hey, yo, Mr. Kotter. You got any pictures in that book of when you didn't have your afro? Let me see. I think we have a few. That? That guy is you? What a schlepp. That's... That's not me. Uh, that's not me, that's my friend. Morty the Schlepp. Cut it. Who's the chick? Her name's Ellen. You got nothing to worry about with this one, Mrs. Kotter. She's a dog. FREDDIE: Yeah. My sister is not a dog, Barbarino. We can't stay. We would love to stay, but we can't. And you know why? 'Cause Horshack is buying us all hotdogs at Nathan's. Yeah, we just wanted to see what happens to a Sweathog who leaves Buchanan without handcuffs on. What do you think? It ain't any different, right? You got one room, you sleep on a sofa, your, uh, kitchen's in the middle of the living room and you still got to lock the windows to keep the bums out. - Thanks a lot, Epstein. - Yeah. Mr. Kotter, it was very nice meeting you. It really was. And I'm sorry about that job. But you know what? You're gonna find one that's better suited for you. And Mrs. Kotter. You know, I'm gonna come back, and I'm gonna teach you how to make lasagna. Great. Good. We'll come back, have a party, and we'll have a good time. See you later. Later, bro. All right, let's go. Out the door. Washington, will you go out the door? Come on, you two. Get away from that apartment. It's all cheap stuff over there. Those people are on a budget. That's it, pack your things, we're leaving tomorrow. I like them. We'll go to Nebraska. Okay, honey. Whatever you decide, I'll be there. What are you laughing at? Somebody just stole your television, and you're laughing. He brought it back. That makes a big difference. Gabe, did you expect to win them all over in one day? You know what's bothering you, honey? The fact that it is very hard for you to accept that the best part of you grew up in the streets. Julie, baby, if it wasn't for you... What? I would've married somebody else. Oh, no, please, no. Hi. You quit, Kotter. Like a prayer that was answered, you quit. You said up my nose with a rubber hose. Remove the hose, Mr. Woodman. I'm back. You want me out, you gotta fire me. I don't want trouble with the Board of Education. You know how I hate trouble with the the Board of Education. I guess you're stuck with me then, huh? Hey, look who's back. Here we go again. Round two. Hey, Mr. Kotter. What's happening, bro? Good morning. Hey, Mr. Kotter, I'm glad you're back. You know what? I've decided. I wanna do a report on male chauvinism. Yeah, I'm gonna do a report on the rip-off women's movement. Hey, Mr. Kotter, I'm gonna do a report on the implications of socializations of Puerto Rican Jews. You got it, Epstein. Hey, yo, Mr. Kotter. Dig. ♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪ I got it. I got it, Washington. You wanna write a report on playing the bass. No, man. I want to pretend to write a report on playing the bass. Uh, Kotter, I, uh... I don't quite know what's going on here, but I will say this. Yes? I am one hell of a principal. You? I finally got them motivated. Didn't I have... You, Kotter, you're a perfect example of what I can do once I put my mind to it. I mean, think about it. If not for me, you'd have turned out to be another hood. I don't know what to say, Mr. Woodman, except as principals go, you certainly don't have any. Now, keep up the good work, won't you, children? We still have a ways to go here, Kotter. Welcome back. Did you really go to school here, Mr. Kotter? Oh, yes... ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him... ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 