Welcome Back, Kotter: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Welcome Back, Kotter 
 s1e11 - Barbarino's Girl - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Welcome Back, Kotter (1975–1979): Season 1, Episode 11 - Barbarino's Girl - full transcript 
 Mr. Kotter talks Judy into tutoring Barbarino. The two eventually become friends, but Barbarino doesn't want the other Sweathogs to know about it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A lady buys a monkey. What kind of monkey? A regular monkey, you know: Now, her husband hates the monkey because the monkey is always mimicking the husband. Okay, husband's eating breakfast, right? Uh-huh. Monkey goes: He's taking a shower, the monkey comes in the bathroom and goes: Driving the guy crazy. So, what does he do? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's in the bathroom brushing his teeth one day, gets an idea. Brushing his teeth, monkey comes in, and monkey goes: So he gives the monkey a razor, he takes a razor without a blade. Puts lather on his face, right? Starts shaving and goes: "Da-dum." The monkey goes, "Da-dum." He goes, "Da-dum." The monkey goes, "Da-dum." He goes, "Da-dum!" The monkey goes, "Da-dum." Welcome Back, Kotter has been recorded live on tape before a studio audience. ♪ Welcome back ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ Good morning. Well, as you're probably aware, today is the day when you receive your mid-year report cards. For my favorite teacher. Yuck. It's half-eaten. What'd you do? Get hungry on the way to school? No, um, I found it that way. Hey, I'm only kidding, man. Hey, but remember, it's the thought that counts. Okay, now before I hand these out, I want to explain that it's still not too late for you to improve your grade. So remember... Mr. Kotter, I got a very important note from home here. Well, a surprise. Epstein has a very important note from home. Right, it's from my mother's doctor. It's from his mother's doctor. "Dear Mr. Kotter, "Epstein's mother has been very ill "with a heart condition. "And furthermore, the slightest shock to her... "Like for instance, her son, Juan, "getting any bad grades. Well, that could put her right over the edge." "So," it continues, "please give Juan a good grade in English." What? "A good grade in English." Oh, that's impossible, this isn't English class. Try that one there. That's, uh... "Biology." Biology? Biology. Uh... BOTH: "Social studies." Right, and it's signed, "Very truly yours, Epstein's mother's doctor." Signed right there. Sit down, Epstein. Sit down. Anybody else have any excuses? Anybody want to make any appeals? Anybody expecting a phone call from the governor? Ooh, ooh, ooh! Ooh! Arnold. Not I, Mr. Kotter. I got dignity. I would never beg for a grade. Very good, Arnold. Now remember... Oh, please, don't fail me! I'll do anything you want. I'll wash your car for the next seven years. I'll trim your mustache. But please don't fail me. Arnold, you are drooling on my pants, and they're not drip-dry. Sit down, Arnold. Well! Okay, now, if any of you would like to talk to me about your grade or possibly how to improve it, any of you would like to know how to make an F into a B, you can see me right after homeroom. Thanks, Mr. Kotter, you just killed my mother. Arnold! Huh? What is so funny about your report card? Nothing, Mr. Kotter. It's just that I thought that my report card was bad... until I got a look at Vinnie's. Mr. Kotter, how can I take this report card home and show it to my mother? That woman's a saint. I remember, your mother, the saint. You're gonna be upset, huh? You probably got no idea what it feels like to get hit with beads. Vinnie, do you think that I enjoy failing you? Yeah, that's how you teachers get your jollies. Well, I don't. But I'm not gonna pass you unless you earn it. Look, it wouldn't be fair to you. Suppose all your teachers just passed you along and you didn't learn anything. What do you think you'd wind up being? A high school graduate. Okay, you tell me, what grade should I give you? Yeah? Yeah, you tell me. Oh... Yeah? I want you to give me an A. You want an A, huh? Okay, you ready? Here it comes. Aaaay! That's not the kind of A I got in mind. Well, it's the only kind of A you're gonna get. Vinnie, you shouldn't be failing. You're a kid with brains. Look, man, if you don't get it together, you're gonna get left back. Now, how would your mother like that? Oh, no, she wouldn't like that. Vinnie, I want to help you. I just don't know what to do. Hey, how 'bout if I got you a tutor? Somebody to work with you after school? Hey, believe me. It's not gonna be that bad. All right. But is there any way we could do this without books? Hi, Mr. Kotter. Hiya, Judy. Let me have your books. Thanks. I think it's terrific that you offered to tutor Vinnie after school. It's okay, Mr. Kotter. A lot of kids in the academically-enriched class do it. You know, it seems to work better when kids help kids. So listen, princess, thanks for walking me to class. I'll meet you later at the usual place, behind the billboards on 84th Street. So... you're gonna be my tutor, huh, Judy? Well, start tootin'. I wanna get out of here, have a good time. Let's get one thing straight, Barbarino. I'm not doing this 'cause I like you. Well, I see you two are getting along just fine. And I have some papers to grade, so I'm gonna leave you alone. Have fun. Hey, Vinnie, where you going? He said, "Have fun." I'm going to meet princess behind the billboard on 84th street. No, no, no. You're gonna get tutored. I'm gonna go meet princess behind the billboards on 84th street. All right, since this is your first session, I think I should stay for a while. All right, now, open up your social studies book to Page 27. What? Your social studies book. Where? Right in front of you. Hey, don't rush me. This ain't easy for me, you know? I never opened a book before. All right, Vinnie, now, look. Are you gonna cooperate or what? It's okay, Mr. Kotter. I can handle it. Listen, clown, either you open up that book or I'm going to make you eat it. And the pages you don't eat, I'm going to stick in your rear. Ho, ho, ho! Ho, ho! I don't think she knows who she's dealin' with. I'm the best ranker at Buchanan. You think you're so smart. You act as if you were first on line when they handed out brains. Yeah, I was. But you had to hold the door for everybody else. She's asking for it, Kotter. You know, Vinnie, you're so low, you could crawl under a pregnant ant. Crawl under an ant. That's a good one, Vinnie. Oh, yeah? Well, listen, Blimpo. You better watch yourself or I'll let the air out of your dress. Hey, I heard the last time you went to Coney Island you was wearin' a white bathing suit. And everybody was saying, "Hey, there goes Moby Dick." That was a good one, Judy. Okay, that's enough. Hey, Vinnie, I heard your father just got a new job. Riding shotgun on a garbage truck. Oh, yeah? I bet your family can... My family eats... All right, all right. That's enough. That's enough! Sit down. This is a tutoring session, not a ranking session. What's wrong with this? Yeah, what's the matter? What's the matter is there's a time and place for everything. Now, you shouldn't do things like that in school. It's not right. I mean, suppose I came in and started doing it to you? I mean, suppose I said, uh... "Hey, Judy, I understand "there's three kids in your family. One of each." And, Barbarino, I understand when you was born they took one look at your face and then they turned you over and said, "Hey, look, twins." ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ So, look, after homeroom I'll meet you and then I'll walk you to next class, okay? Sure. Okay, see you later. Bye. You and Judy Borden... You and Judy Borden... Me and Judy Borden what? You and Judy Borden... anything! All right, cut it! She was just helping me with my grades. Oh, come on! Is that all she's helpin' you with, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then why you've been walkin' her to class? Or should I say, rollin' her. Hey, come on! Let's go. Sit down. I want you to take out your report cards, which should have been signed by your parents. I am coming around to collect them. Thank... Vinnie, this report card's soggy. My mother cried on it. Thank you. Why isn't this signed? Huh? I mean, your mother didn't finish signing it. All she signed was Mrs. E. Well, that's as far as she got before losing consciousness. Well, try reviving her and having her finish signing it by tomorrow. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you, Arnold. You're welcome. Report card. Hi there. Hi there, buddy. Hey, baby. Where's your report card? My report... Well, you see, I don't happen to have it right here, handy. Oh... let me ask a question, then, where is it? Oh, well, uh, my mama's got it, you dig? Yeah. I dig it. Didn't she sign it? No. She just took it in her left hand and then she hit me upside my head with her right. See, man, and then she threw a chair at me. And then she tried to cave my back in with a TV set. All right, all right. Have your father sign it. You crazy? He's the one with the bad temper. I want that report card tomorrow, Freddie. All right. You know, you people act like you're the only ones that ever had to take a bad report card home and show it to your parents. I want to tell you something, I had a lot of bad ones in my day. Yeah, what did your daddy do? My dad used to sit me down and say, "So, listen, you got a bad report card, big deal. "No one's gonna holler, we're not gonna scream. "No one's gonna hit you. "Just go back to school "and you try to do the best you can. "And next time if you should pass, well, then we'll untie you and let you eat again." Tomorrow, Freddie. Epstein, tomorrow. Mañana. Mañana. Mañana. Grand seeing you again, Mr. Kotter. Hi, Mr. Kotter. Hiya, Judy. Hi. Hi. Let's go. Hold on a second, Judy. I got something that I want to tell you. Oh... What? Look... I can't walk you to class no more. Why not? Well, you see... I got a certain image to uphold, right? And, like, if I was always walking you to class all the time, well, like, my friends, like, they might get the wrong idea or something. What wrong idea, Vinnie? Oh, you know, like, we was going together or something. Oh, and you wouldn't want your friends to think that someone like you could ever possibly go with someone like me. Right! Right. Oh, I'm so glad you're being so reasonable about this. Oh, but, look, like, you can still keep tutoring me, that'd be good. Oh, thanks! Thanks a lot. And you can go over to the Texaco station and go sit on an air hose. What's wrong with her? She made the same mistake I did, to try to help you. She thought there was somebody worth helping inside that dopey leather jacket. Look, I liked Judy. Oh, sure, you liked her. Until you decided she wasn't cute enough to hang around with Steve Stunning. Vinnie, this whole thing started because I don't want you to fail social studies. I'll tell ya, you're failing something a lot more important. You're failing life. So take Judy's advice. Go sit on an air hose. Now you made me feel bad. Hi, Judy. Mind if I sit down? Oh, get lost, pea brain. Thanks. Don't mind if I do. Are you sure you can risk being seen here with me? Aw, look, Judy, what I said in the classroom before, it didn't come out like I meant it. I mean, I like you, and I really... Oh, why don't you go over to the Brooklyn Bridge, take a sharp left and don't stop walking till your hat floats. Listen... you're not making this any easier. I'm trying to apologize. For what? Being a reject? Oh, that's not your fault. You were probably born that way. Oh, you got a mouth on you. Give me a break. Look, what I wanted... Look, Jud... Look, Judy, what I'm trying to say... is would you want to go out someplace with me? In public? Let me get this straight. Are you asking me to go out with you, Vinnie? Yeah. Would you go out with me? Probably not. Oh, no, no. You can't do that. I'm Vinnie Barbarino. Oh, yeah? Well, drop dead, pizza head. Great, uh, things didn't go exactly as planned, huh, pizza head? I don't believe it. She turned me down. Girls don't turn down Vinnie Barbarino. Especially ones who ain't as cute as me. All right, she's as cute as me. But just barely. Look, Vinnie, now you know how Judy felt, rejected. Doesn't feel so hot, does it? Hey, if you really want her to go out with you, you'll keep trying. What do you know? What do I know? Hey, when I went to school here there was this girl, Dolores Delvecchio. I asked her to go out with me 15 times. Fourteen times she turned me down. Well, then, she finally go out with you? No. Fifteenth time her brother Vito came up to me and said, "Hey, Kotter, if you continue to annoy my sister Dolores, "I will have to rearrange your nose so that it permanently points towards Philadelphia." God bless 3:00. Woo-hoo! Yay! Hey, Freddie. Here. Hey, I cannot wait to get to Coney Island this afternoon. They got a great new attraction, half-man, half-alligator. He's his own wallet. Hey, let's go. Hey, let's go. Hey, let's go. Hey, what's happening? We're goin' to Coney Island. Terrific, we'll come along. Hey, is she going as your date or, heh, one of the rides? Washington, why don't you fold it in three corners and stick it right... Judy, take it easy. She's goin' as my date. Anything wrong with that? It's cool. You and her? Her and you? Horshack. Very attractive couple you two make. Nice to see you again, Arnold. Come on, let's go have a good time. All right. Okay, see you guys tomorrow. Vinnie, can I see you a second? Come on, man. I'm really proud of you. You learned something a lot more important than social studies. Yeah, I know. Hey, want to come along? No. I'm gonna go home and tell my wife a joke. ♪ Welcome back ♪ Hey, did I ever tell you about my cousin, gorgeous Jerry Kotter? No. Last week he's in a barber shop getting a shave, shoeshine, manicure. Likes to look nice, right? Mm-hm. So this guy's shaving him, and he looks at the manicurist. She's really nice. So he says, "Hey, I'm gorgeous Jerry Kotter. Would you like to come out with me tonight?" She says, "I think I would, but I can't, I have a boyfriend." Well, he says, "Why don't you tell your boyfriend you're going out with the girls?" She says, "Why don't you tell him? He's shaving you." ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Your dreams Were your ticket out ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ To that same old place That you laughed about ♪ ♪ Well, the names Have all changed ♪ ♪ Since you hung around ♪ ♪ But those dreams Have remained ♪ ♪ And they've turned around ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Who'd have thought They'd lead ya ♪ ♪ Back here where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Back here Where we need ya? ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ 'Cause we've got him On the spot ♪ ♪ Welcome back Welcome back ♪ ♪ Yeah, we tease him a lot ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 