Burden of Truth: Season 4, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Burden of Truth 
 s4e7 - Where the Shadows Lie Waiting - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Burden of Truth (2018–…): Season 4, Episode 7 - Where the Shadows Lie Waiting - full transcript 
 With one day left before the disciplinary hearing, Joanna and Billy set out to finish the case against the mine. Luna tries to establish a connection between the mine and the trafficking ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The law society disciplinary committee. It's an invitation to my execution. He feels like he has a home here. I just don't think it's healthy to give a boy who's been through what he's been through false expectations. - Dee needs money. She was groomed and trafficked as a kid. Now she has nothing, and nowhere to go. You're gonna wanna think real hard about your next move, Wes. - Yeah? - They really don't like it when someone trespasses on an officer's property. There are always more. You have no idea 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 what he's capable of. Then we just have to find them. - What are you gonna do? - We're gonna sue them for human trafficking. - Is this a joke? - Deal's different. We're not willing to pay cash for it. They never did a geological survey. That's how they were able to rush through phase one. They didn't do any of the work. When they reopened that mine, they falsified all of their documents, Billy. We know there's something the mine doesn't want us to find out, but I don't think it's the trafficking. You said it yourself, it's a literal gold mine. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - What if it isn't? - There's no gold. - Can we talk about this? - There's nothing to talk about. We don't have anything concrete. The mayor said it at the ceremony, Millwood is into the mine. We have a responsibility to figure out how. Not today, we don't. Billy, this is a big deal. Why are you pretending like it isn't? Why are you pretending like your hearing isn't tomorrow morning? I'm not say... Look, why don't you just show me what you have - for the committee? - I'm still tweaking it. Well, show me what you got so far, and maybe I can help you finish it. - It's okay. I don't need your help. We're in this together. Crawford Chang. Remember? Hello! - Come in! - Not a good time! Grand-pops to the rescue. - Thank you, Hank. We really appreciate it. Do we? Don't worry, son. It's not my first time through a childhood. Yeah, that's what I'm worried about. Oh, that's my cue. - Park's okay? - Yes. Okay. - Seriously? - We have work to do. What's this? The assayer's report on the mine. - Joanna... - He said there was gold in the mine. This one person is where this all started. Billy... This could be my last day as a lawyer. If you don't focus on your hearing, it almost certainly will be. Alright. Where do we start? It's called mokomon. You scared me. You know, after the whole truck incident, I figured you'd ask before taking things. I was just drawing. I found it in a museum. It was my great, great uncle's. Ambroise Lepine. War chief to Louis Riel. How'd you get it back? Oh, I... Told the curator it was cursed with the death of ten million buffalo. Dee, I'm thinking about hanging a painting right here. I don't know, what do you think? What's it like outside? Is it cold, or is it cold, cold? What's wrong? I found this by the front door. - Wesley? - Yeah. It makes my skin crawl. You know, as long as he's out there, I'll never be safe. I-I can't do this. Every time the house even creaks, I feel like my heart's gonna pop out of my chest. Dee... - It's okay. - It's definitely not okay. It's never going to end. No, Dee, it's going to end. We're gonna find him, and we're gonna lock him up. First you need to think... Was there anything that you didn't tell us? Maybe where he could be? - We were just at the motel. That's it. Does he have any family? They're all in Alberta. He used to come to Millwood a lot as a kid. He must have been visiting someone. Maybe check the payroll again. See there's anything we missed. Anyone we can put between the women and the mine. - I have already looked. Several times. I thought Joanna was supposed to help us? - I don't know. Something must've come up. I can't just sit here doing nothing. We need to actually go there. Well, the place has been on full lockdown since the cops showed. That wouldn't stop Joanna. Well, Joanna's not here, remember? Just me. Taylor? What about her? We got shuffled out when the police arrived, but she didn't. She is the police. She can't tell us anything. Yeah, maybe, but... She was my best friend before she became a cop. Matheson, you're looking into Wesley Salazar? Yeah. He came here to Millwood as a kid. - Your hunch was right. He got into some trouble. Vandalism, shoplifting... I thought youth records were sealed? Unless you commit an adult crime before they're sealed. It's a glitch. Arrest record has an address. - Local? - A farm up near sparrow creek. Thank you. I hope it helps. Millwood police, how can I help? Did you write about Matheson steel? It's probably the best indication of how much you've changed, right? They just want to see that you've undergone a transformation. Northward forest was a lifetime ago... just stop. I know that you're trying to help. I need to focus on this case right now. Pretending this isn't real won't make it go away. I know that, Billy. Do you have a second, sir? I got a promising lead on Wesley. A farm up near sparrow creek. Well, when Thorpe is back, go check it out. I don't want you going up there alone. Copy. Is that it? No... Is everything alright with you, sir? Sure. I've just been covering phones this morning, and... There was a complaint. Uh, just leave it on my desk. Matheson, what is it? It's a complaint about you. A Mr. Terry Clark said that you... Threatened him and kidnapped a boy. - Chief? - What did you tell him? I took the call, I have to follow up on the complaint. - It's my duty. - Mm-hmm. Right, of course. Uh, just... I'm obligated under the police services act to notify the independent investigation unit. I need you sit on it. I'll go talk to him. - We could both... - Lose our jobs. I won't let that happen. Just buy me a few hours. Um, about the Wesley matter, I have to look into that first. Exigent circumstances. We don't do the actual drilling. We take the samples, and, uh... Test them to see if there are certain valuable elements within them. How do you test for that? - Well, there's a few ways. We use fire to burn away the refuse and determine the purity of metals in the ground. So after the samples are drilled, you handle them? I oversee the samples from the site all the way through the testing process. And how accurate are the results? Fire doesn't lie, and we triple check all our work to isolate any anomalies. What is it you're testing for? I could be more specific. You handled the assays for the Oro-north 1 mine? Mr. Gurriel? No. Well, yes. Sorry. We did handle the assays for the mine, yes. Um... but you... Were the assayer for those tests? We did them, yes. No, I'm just asking if you personally handled those samples. So if you tie someone from the mine to the women, you can sue them? We're trying to, yes, but we're out of names. I don't want to ask you to do anything that'll put you or your job at risk, but... Stewart Atherton. What was that? He was one of the security guards who was definitely hiding something, but... ...we didn't have enough information to hold him. According to the police, no crimes were being committed. Uh, any, anything you have... Yep, here it says that he filed a missing persons report on his daughter three years ago. Know where we can find him? No, I don't have an address, but... I'm pretty sure he's back at work, if you can believe it. - Are you sure? - Yeah. We let him go, so I'm not giving you anything official. Besides, I'm tired on waiting for justice to show up. I gotta go. Okay, thanks. Okay. Does the party ever end? Only when you show up, chief. Where's my boy? You filed a complaint against me? That's some good detective work there. I ain't a cop, but seems fishy to investigate a complaint about yourself. Last time I was here... Maybe it wasn't the right move. I get it. That's your version of an apology? I'm trying to make things right. I want to give kip a good home. A regular mother Theresa. Different kinda Indian, I guess. How do we make this go away? Money? Bring another one of those wads around, - and I'll drop the complaint. - That's extortion. So is your coming to my house. I'm not asking you for anything. - You want the kid. - And you obviously don't. - Don't matter what I want. Court says he's rightfully mine. And you really think you can provide for him? - He'll grow up same as I did. He'll figure it out. Or die trying. I know you're selling oxy. One phone call, and your little plan goes up in smoke. Do your worst, man. Unlike you, I got nothing to lose. "There are substantial gold deposits left in the property obtained by Oro-north 1 for the purposes of mining." The mine made this claim based on your reports. If it's in the report, then that's what I said. Is there something that you aren't telling us, Mr. Gurriel? No. That's it? No? Were you party to, or aware of, any action to falsify the samples taken from the property owned by Oro-north? I'm going to have to ask you to leave. Now. What did you do to the samples, George?! Do you have any idea the damage you've caused? I'm calling security. That won't be necessary. We're done here. - He did it, Billy. We have to tell the mayor. Yeah, he obviously did it, but that doesn't mean we have to move on this today. Tillman gets George to say that the mine is full of gold. People invest millions in stock, and then he walks away rich, - claiming it was a mistake. - Joanna. We have to talk about your defence. You just tell me the plan, and I'll drop it, then we can do whatever you want. You don't have anything. - I can't. I don't know what to say. It's okay. We still have time to build a defence. There is no defence. You were a different lawyer then, a different person. Billy, they are not gonna see it that way. Why are you willing to fight for everyone but yourself?! I have one day left as a lawyer, that's it. I'm not going to waste it fighting for myself when I don't even know if I deserve to be one. The old Joanna, the one who's on trial, she would've put her career ahead of all of this. She did. I am not gonna let another town be destroyed so that I can keep my job. It's not a job. It's our life. - Oh, come on. - The mine is lying. You sound like a broken record. You forced through faulty environmental appraisals, why? Look, I am trying my very hardest to breathe economic life back into this town. No, why did you need to? We have reason to believe that the samples were salted. That there is no gold in the mine, and that Tillman knows. Wow, you will say anything, won't you? Have you seen any gold? No, but I haven't seen any pine martens either. Look, whatever it is that you're doing, it's done. Okay? It's over. There's going to be a mine in Millwood. That's what we're saying. There isn't. Mayor Freeman... I swear on my daughter's life, this is real. Okay, I'll bite. Why do you think there's no gold? - The assayer was lying. If we leaned on his samples, - they wouldn't stand up. - That's not enough. Look, Millwood is buying into the mine. I-I'm not gonna shut down a deal worth millions on a hunch. Wait, that deal hasn't gone through yet? The closing is today. I thought that's why you were here. Who's he? Uh, we think he was the one that was letting the vans through. Why do you think that? Taylor's pretty sure he had something to do with it. Shouldn't she arrest him, then? She can't. It's complicated. If we could get enough to sue him, we could dig up more. Then maybe they'd arrest him. Okay, then what do you need from me? If you could just place him. If you saw him do anything. - Alright. That's him. He did it, then. Did what? You tell me. We don't want you to lie. I was in the back of a van and all messed up. Maybe if I heard his voice. How much do you wanna bet he destroyed the core samples too? There goes our evidence. Oh, what did I do? No, no, no, no, no, no. You knowingly entered into the agreement. You've gotta be kidding me. I'm sorry, the money is already in escrow, and I can't pull it now without cause. I told you that when you signed the deal. Yeah, but that was before I found out that he was ripping me off! Uh, can you prove that he's committed fraud? Yeah, okay. Okay, so... So, so what? The money is just sitting there in your account and there's nothing you can do about it? I'm an escrow agent, not a judge. If you find something that shows they lied when they made the deal, then you could back out. Proof of anything, really, but you need something. And I would hurry, the deal closes at six o'clock today. I bet an hour after the deal closes, the money's in the Caymans, and Tillman is on a plane. No, it's all there. It is, it's all there. What's all there? Millwood's reserves. He offered me, Millwood, a chance to get in on the ground floor. This is everything that the town needed, so I... I gave him everything the town had. Millwood is bankrupt. I can fix this. I know it's a long shot, but I can help Millwood. Billy, they want to hang me for what happened in north falls, I can't let that happen again here. Joanna... Are you really willing to risk everything to save a town that's gonna hate you for saving it? You want me to fight? Help me prove that I am worth fighting for. You caught her on the right day. Wh... why is that? It doesn't matter. Mayor Freeman, we are yours until six o'clock tonight. Oh, thank god. - The closing's in... - No, we can still do this. We just need to find any kind of proof. How do you prove that something doesn't exist? A whistleblower? Seems like only Tillman and the assayer are in on it. And Tillman’s a non-starter, and the assayer is gone, along with the core samples, which frankly, is the proof we needed. - So, new core samples. We drill our own, pull them up against the results of the old ones. - Okay, how do we do that? - I might have a guy. New core samples would point to fraud, it wouldn't prove it. But either way, we could say that the deal was done on false information. That could actually work. - His phone's off. But it's ten minutes away. I'll keep looking for something. I know. I'll buy you as much time as possible. Hi, chief. I wanted you to know the issue with the complaint has been resolved. That's great, sir. - I appreciate your discretion. It was just a misunderstanding. You don't need to explain that to me. I owe you one. Where are you? I'm at sparrow creek, but I'm just... I'm just taking a look. Any sign of him? No sign. There's no sign of anyone. But it's a big property. I need to get closer. Don't try and do this alone, Taylor. Taylor! I just want to see if he's here. I'll radio you if I need backup. Just be safe. You sure you want to do this? Luna said it's worth a shot. As long as Terry signs. This could get ugly. - It's a crazy theory. There are things put in place... a neutral, reputable third party. I've worked with EMP assayers before, they're straight. You ever worked with George Gurriel? As far as I can tell, the process is only ever one corrupt geologist away from a misfire. Billy, this is a heavy accusation. - Things like this don't happen. - Often. They don't happen often, but you and I both know, they've happened before. Why else do you think they stopped the digging, Larry? They don't want you going down there to see for yourself. If you don't get out in front of this, not only will the union be at the leading edge of the fallout, but there won't be any company left to sue for back pay. What do you need me to do? There he is. Are you sure you want to do this? This is how we get them, right? It's the best shot we have. Okay. There's no admittances today. You have to turn your car around. - Is that him? - Yeah. - Mr. Atherton? - Who's asking? Did you know the women in those vans were there against their will? What? Is she...? You're damn right she is. Listen, I didn't, uh... Just 'cause you didn't get charged with anything, doesn't mean you got away with it. I'm coming for you. I'll put your face on the front page of every single newspaper that I can... - You can't do that. - I'm not a cop, Mr. Atherton. I can do whatever I want. And when the public calls for your head, what do you think the cops are gonna do then? - I didn't do anything. - Don't lie to me. Lie to her. What would your daughter think? Yeah, I know she's missing. I know that when you filed your report, she wasn't much younger than Dee. Dee. That's her name. Look at her. Any time one of those vans came to the... to the gate, I... I changed the log book. Okay? That's it. And what did you get out of it? My job. I'm barely holding it together here. So when the security company hired me, I just... Listen, I knew it was bad... But I didn't know it was women. So, I didn't know, I swear I didn't know... Wait, you don't work for the mining company? Crosstower securities. The mine wasn't aware of it? - I don't think so. - Then you're useless to me. Alright, they're here. Tell me you have something. Environmental reports, Elise's original opinion letter, which is ironic, but not helpful. - I need ten more minutes. - You don't have ten minutes. Okay look, I know you think I should've listened to you, but you weren't right either. You put one person's farm over the well-being of the entire town. This is clearly about more than Helen's farm. Yeah. Yeah, it is. But you didn't know that, did you? Hi. They're on it, but it could take hours to drill new core samples. Okay, I'm out of time, I have to go back in there. I will delay them as long as possible, - but, I've got nothing. - You don't have nothing. You just don't have proof. I've seen you do a hell of a lot more with a lot less. You got this. Okay. What are you doing here? The unemployment office is down the hall. I'm sure you're very disappointed, but I'm not dead yet. In fact, Crawford Chang is now representing the town of Millwood. Shall we get started? I should've seen it coming. Contracts are complicated on purpose. No. I knew something was off with that assayer. How do you mean? The guy got his hands on the samples, right? But then said he wouldn't test them - until he talked to the owner. - And that's unusual? Unusual? Yeah. Then one of the accountants was walking by the garage, said he heard a fight. Seems like a red flag now, but... Do you have any security footage? No. I haven't seen it myself, but I'm sure we could dig it up. - But he let us in. He said he did. I know. But he doesn't work for the mine. There's no connection, which means there's no money. So the mine just gets to walk away like nothing happened? It looks like they didn't know. Well, they damn well should have. I need some air. What did she just say? She said they should've known. Stevie, look. At least 20 articles that point to trafficking and prostitution in rural mining camps. So what? They were aware this was a consistent issue across the industry. They should've known. Reckless indifference. Corporate negligence, even. They ignored it so they didn't have to spend money addressing it. - This can work. - This could work. We have a statement of claim to write. Help! Please! - Don't worry. I'm the police. I'm gonna come get you! You're here under false pretense. The deal's already done. George Gurriel has disappeared. Who? The assayer. And he took the core samples with him. This is all a half-cooked way to get your client out of a contract. Why would I want to stop Millwood from making millions? Do you have any proof? I am simply asking that we delay the closing of escrow until we can get new samples that prove what Mr. Tillman has said. Surely that shouldn't be a problem if the original samples are accurate. No. Why are we even talking about this? You're in conflict of interest. Why the rush to get shovels in the ground, but now you aren't even digging? Her real client is Helen Graham. Ms. Chang has clearly manipulated mayor Freeman into paranoia to get her client's farm back. And she's willing to take down the entire town to do so. Helen Graham is no longer my client because she is in a coma. One of the mine's employees ran her off the road. I'm here solely for Millwood, and as its new counsel, I am asking you to remake all your terms. You want to remake the terms? - That's a formality! - Since you're here. This is an abuse of her position. We came here as a courtesy, for a celebration. I'm sorry, Ms. Chang. So far, I don't see any proof of fraud, or any reason to force the other parties, myself included, to sit through... - You have to let me state... - Again, not a judge. We're leaving. What were you planning? Claim you made a mistake, and then walk away with everything? Or were you gonna pin it on the assayer and play it like you were the one who was conned? You know, for such a clever girl, you forgot to do one thing... Prove it. There isn't anything in the garage, but they have a camera on every door. Are there any other entrances? What happened? Where are the files from before? My assistant took them away. Go get them, now. Okay, why are you smiling? I have a plan. Billy, I love you. Go, now! Uh, okay. Beckbie. Beckbie, I... What are you gonna do? Shoot me?! I'd be doing the world a favour. - I don't think so. - Don't come any closer! You hurt people, and you get away with it. Not today. Not ever again. Drop the knife now! Turn around. Get down on the ground. She's not gonna talk. I'm inside her head. She's stronger than you think. Wait. Oh, come on. Isn't this harassment? I have a few more questions. Ms. Chang, this is getting ridiculous. Do you have any reason to believe that George Gurriel would have falsified the samples he took from your mine? - Don't answer that. - No, it's fine, this is over. No. Did you have a prior relationship with him? - The assayer? The company hired him. - I've never met the guy. - Hmm. Are you paying attention? When we filed a stop work motion for 30 days, you fought us tooth and nail to get 10 days taken off that. Now you're free and clear, only you aren't digging. Is that a question? You'll know when I'm asking you a question. It was never about the mine. You fought our injunction because it meant that you couldn't enter into a private sale with Millwood. The geologist whose samples were the basis for the mine's feasibility study has disappeared. So, I have had independently drilled new core samples. They're on the way to the lab as we speak. It's only gonna take a few hours. Are you willing to wait? I mean, that's a question. This is insane. I mean... Is this charade going to convince you of anything other than her being crazy? She's not convincing her. You want to make this deal? I will agree right here, right now, if you agree to remake one single specific term. This is the original opinion letter signed by the mine's lawyer, Elise mills, stating that from her professional perspective, everything... In the mine's claim appears to be true. Are you willing to re-sign that letter? Of course she is. Your reputation is why people hire you. A reputation not just for your legal expertise, but for your due diligence, and for your word. I haven't seen anything that would put me in a compromising position. I have here a video of Mr. Tillman meeting with George Gurriel, the man that he just stated he had never met. The man who has disappeared with the core samples in question, and the kicker, that video was taken the day those samples were drilled. What? This is not a court. I don't have to say anything. No, you don't. But Elise does. Elise has an ethical duty to uphold. I know how much weight one of these letters can carry, and I'm pretty sure Elise does too. Are you willing to re-sign your opinion letter? Of course she is. This is it, Elise. One last choice. This case, beating me. Or the rest of your career. I, uh... ...regretfully withdraw my opinion letter, and opt to step back from the transaction. You stupid... Millwood was acting on the good faith of the mine and its counsel. That good faith has been broken. We move to withdraw from the sale. So in conclusion, the defendants unjustly enriched themselves and deprived the plaintiff of safety whilst on said property, causing harm and irreparable emotional trauma. The plaintiff therefore claims against the defendant as described in paragraph one. It's more dramatic in the movies, but... Still sweet. We did it. You did it. What are you doing? You know I came here for you, right? Yeah... Look, today I saw this beautiful, smart, amazing lawyer pull off something incredible. But... I also saw what our future might look like, and it reminded me of my parents. I know they're rich, but... You know, my parents also haven't had a meal together since I was nine. Not because they don't love each other. Stevie, it's just this case. Yeah, but there's always gonna be another case. Look, if this is gonna work, like, for the long haul, then I'm gonna need some place in your life. Are you breaking up with me? I see a future with you, I do. But... I think that you need to figure out what that future looks like. For you. Maybe we can just take it from there. I'm going back to Winnipeg. Wait. I, uh... I couldn't figure out why you hated me so much. I thought I was your mentor, but you just kept coming. - Look, Joanna, you won, okay? So just, just leave me alone. When I was going through the evidence for my own trial, I realized that... ...I was never supposed to be a mentor. David Hanley was my father, he was my mentor, and so... I did what he did, and what he did was... You did the right thing today. Something that I wasn't capable of when I was put in the same position. You are a better lawyer than I am. You always were. Kip, we have something we want to tell you. Uh, we figured out a way for you to stay. - For good. - Or as long as you need. We're, um... We're going to adopt you. Why would I want that? Uh... No... It's official. As of 9:01 this morning, Oro-north 1 filed for bankruptcy. - They're dissolving. - Oh, we knew that was coming. We did. Hank got us groceries. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No? Oh... We're gonna be okay, right? We have a plan, a good one. No. But... We're gonna be okay. We are. Aww... Oh, that's... that's Luna. I told her to swing by. Do you want me to break it to her? Yeah. Hey. It's okay. Oh, come here. You did a great job. You did. The mine's gone. Dee's not gonna get anything. This was completely out of your control. I promised her. I promised her I would help her get justice. And I failed her. - I failed all of those women. - Luna, you did not. You didn't fail them. Hey. Where's Stevie? Okay, listen to me. This is going to be fine. I know. I know... That it feels like everything right now. Trust me, I know that. But you're just starting out. I was just trying to do what I thought you would've done. Well... Maybe that was your problem. Does this ever get easier? Definitely... ...not. Um... At least not yet. When I look at what you did, it reminds me why I wanted to be a lawyer in the first place. This world is not ready for Luna Spence. Okay. Ms. Chang... This is a preliminary inquiry into your continued ethical fitness in the practice of law. A complaint has been made against you to the Manitoba bar association. This hearing is to determine whether you will be sent for a full trial to the disbarment committee. - Do you understand? - Yes. - Is this your counsel? - Yes. William Crawford. I'll be representing Ms. Chang in this hearing. - Very good. - We have a prepared statement we would like to read into the record. In due course, Mr. Crawford. You have been accused of conduct unbecoming a lawyer. And, Ms. Chang, the allegations are troubling. Members of the legal profession must uphold the twin pillars of honesty and integrity. My client is facing disbarment the loss of her career and livelihood. She should be afforded an opportunity to speak. The committee will hear her statement. I love being a lawyer. It is, um... It's an honour... And a privilege. But... I have not fulfilled my oath, and I have failed to uphold the duties and responsibilities of the practice of law. So I respectfully... Resign my license. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 