Burden of Truth: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Burden of Truth 
 s4e2 - Breaking Points - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Burden of Truth (2018–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - Breaking Points - full transcript 
 Joanna searches for her client's long-lost daughter to protect her client's legal interests and keep the case alive. Billy Crawford calls on an unexpected expert to help him examine the accident scene. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - This car's been following me. - That car's been following us? No, just me. I'm in the middle of a legal battle and the other side will do anything to win. None of those other moms have to do what I do. - How many of them are trying to take down a mining company? - That mine is gonna open. - All of the other landowners took buyouts. - My client has been subjected to constant harassment. Her land has been vandalised, she herself has been followed and threatened. We reject your settlement offer. - That's the Joanna I know. Only follow the rules that suit you. - My daughter Samantha loved to run in these fields. I haven't seen her in a long time. Is that why you don't wanna sell? Why would I wanna go meet an old lawyer to work at a place I don't believe in? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's an offer. Associate position after graduation, highest starting salary in the city. Signing bonus. Think it over. - I heard something about a shipment tonight. Thorpe, I think there's someone back here. - They seem drugged. - We need to get them to the hospital. - Car belongs to Helen Graham. - Yeah, that's my client. Is she OK? - No, she's not OK. - Billy, this wasn't an accident. Excuse me. I'm here to see Helen Graham. - She was admitted last night. - Relation? - Lawyer, technically, but we're close. - Only family's permitted - in the ICU. - She doesn't have any family close by. - We have a strict policy. - Well, you'll have to make an exception. - Strict means no exceptions. - As Ms. Graham's lawyer, I am entitled - to speak with my client. - Ms. Graham isn't able to speak, not in her condition. - What is her condition exactly? - Look, I'm sorry, I... - no, you look. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - She doesn't have anyone else. - Hey, Effie. - Billy Crawford. I should've known. Where there's trouble, there's usually a Crawford. Uh, could you excuse us for a minute? - You date everyone in Millwood? - No. Effie turned me down. Grade 11. Thought I would never love again. She said family only. I've gotta find a way to get in there. - I'm sure she's in good hands. - If the mine ran her off the road, this is my fault. - I provoked them. - We don't know if they had anything to do with this. - Well, Helen's vulnerable. So is this case. So is her land. So are we. Vulnerable. Hey, that's your word of the day. Vulnerable. - Let me try talking to Effie. She owes me for the heartbreak. - Thank you. It's fine. Mommy's fine. Everything's fine. - Joanna! This your daughter? Cute! What are you doing here? I heard about the accident. I thought I'd come by and see if there's anything I could do. - Hope it's nothing serious. - You almost said that like you believe it. Sorry, she gets upset if there are too many lawyers. - Looks like you have your hands full. - No, we're good. Well, if your client is incapacitated, I'll have to present our improved offer to a legal guardian. Call me if you find one. Or maybe I'll find them first. - She doesn't have anyone listed as an emergency contact. - She has a daughter, Sam, - somewhere. We have to find her. - What about Cassidy? The police won't waste any time. Neither can we. Just one stop, then daycare. This seems like one of your bad ideas. We shouldn't be here. They may have more money, but we have insider information. Mother is very crafty! - Borderline unethical. - It's just a hidden key. It's not like it's Watergate. You said her daughter ran away, that Helen couldn't even find her. People don't just vanish, Billy. We'll find something. ♪♪ - So where were you heading last night, Mr. Hatcher? - A party. Normal for you to transport your friends drugged - in the back of a van? - They were already messed up by the time I picked them up. They were down for it. Where was the party? Do you know where the van was headed? - We were just going to a party. - Where was the party? We were just going to a party. - We were just going to a party. - Did you know either of the men in the van? We were just going to a party. What were you thinking? If you think the silent treatment is helping your case, it's not. Just throw me in jail if that's what you want. - Is that what you want? 'Cause you're acting like it. - Where were you all going? - We were just heading - to a party. Just you and your friends - in the back of a supply van. - We were heading to a party. Did you wanna be there? None of them are my friends. Excuse me. Hey, chief. They're all saying the same thing. They were all... going to a party? Same line from the driver. Well rehearsed. - There is one girl, though. I think she may wanna talk. Stay on her. Build trust. We need someone to tell the truth. Copy that. So... How was it? The job interview. - Uh, better than I thought. Yeah, he seems OK. - What are you working on? - I'm looking into Adaimu's eviction case from yesterday. You got the property records? The building's owned through a numbered company. Did you go to city archives this morning? Woke up early, couldn't get back to sleep. I found a few other similar complaints in the files. Yeah, some of these are pretty old. Look, I don't like the guy either, but he's not really worth suing. - It's not because I didn't like the guy. - By the time you could even file a suit against him, she'll have found another place. The damage is minimal and he knows that. What about deterrents? So he doesn't do this to someone else? Luna... what's wrong? Something happen last night? Wait. How is this bad? He wants me to go to cocktail hour at the club tonight with the other summer associates. - Is that all rich people do? - Yeah, it's all we do. You deserve it. You shouldn't be embarrassed. You should go to that cocktail hour. But if it will make you feel any better, let's see what we can do about this landlord. When did she last see - her daughter? - I don't know, but it's been a while. There is no Samantha Graham in her address book. Joanna, if her mother couldn't find her... Her mother is in the hospital. I'm going to at least try. Newspaper article. Missing person, Millwood. Her name isn't Samantha Graham, it's Roy. Samantha Roy. She was only 17. She's in here. It was supposed to be a one-time thing. So you went out looking for this type of job, then. - I don't know what you wanna hear. - The truth. You still have that eagle feather I gave you. That eagle feather connects us to our ancestors, who believed in speaking the truth. Thanks for the teaching, old wise one. I threw it out years ago. I need you to understand how serious this is, kip. This isn't breaking a store window. They're human beings. I know your kokum didn't raise you like... - don't talk about... - I know it's been hard since she died. - It's been hard - since one of your cops killed my dad. - Just because you've been hurt doesn't mean you get a free pass to hurt others. And I'm the one who put that cop behind bars. I tried. - You're on your own. - Wait. He had me turn my back while he loaded the van. I didn't know. I got sent to live with my uncle, and he has a lot - of people coming around. - That's where you met Hatcher. I just thought if I did one job, I'd have enough money for my own place. Who's that? You don't just put up some random person's grad photo. Charles Nault, class of 2016. Surveyors from the mine. Day after an injunction, that's bold. Not if you think no one's gonna be home. - Hey! - Morning, ma'am. - How can I help ya? - You can start by getting off my client's property. We have an injunction that halts any and all work for 30 days. We're just doing some preliminary scouting in the area. And you think that that's an exception to the phrase "halt any and all work"? Failure to abide by the injunction could result in criminal charges against you. I'm personal friends with the chief of police. You want me to call him? Yeah, now's the part where you turn around and get back in your trucks. Put it back, boys. We're running out of time here. We still have no idea where her daughter is. No, but he might. - Where were you before Millwood? - You got a lot of questions. Yeah, that's how I get answers. - Am I in trouble? - No, of course not. OK, before Millwood. Brandon. Portage, maybe. Anything you can tell me will be helpful. The other girls barely said a word. They're just scared. Did the man driving do that to you? Was he your... Your boyfriend? - Is he really your boyfriend, Dee? - Of course. Hey, I promise you you're not in trouble. They gave me your discharge papers. You're out of here. You're free to go. Where am I supposed to go? I'm gonna help you figure this out. OK? OK. Thank you. Charles Nault is going to school in this city, faculty of engineering. It's a better choice than law school. She's tired. We missed the window. But could be her teeth. It's OK to let her cry. She's just talking to us. I'll drop her at daycare - on my way out of town. - Do you really think this guy knows - where Helen's daughter is? - I don't know. He's all we've got. We are going to fail at this if we don't let her cry it out. - Parenting isn't really a pass/fail thing. - You're too soft. - You're too rigid. - OK, well, she's going to sleep with us until she's 36. - I won't know what Charles can give us until I track him down. - Alright, I'll drive you. - No, please, just... We need to find out more - about Helen's accident. - I'm sure the police can handle it. Please, just talk to Beckbie and figure out what he knows. You're OK to make the drive? I have to find her, Billy. Hey, it's OK. Yeah. Joanna thinks the mining company ran her off the road? The one person standing in the way of the mine winds up in a ditch. It's worth a second look. - Crawford, are you alright? - I just need a copy of the accident report. - You know what they say about first baby, first year. - No, what? Like throwing a bomb in the middle of the relationship. Oh, that's comforting. She's just isolated. Cody moved away. - Well, Diane will be home soon. - I think getting some closure on this will help. - Thank you. - I need some, uh, legal advice for a friend. Um, we stopped a van last night - with three women drugged in the back. - Against their will? All the women are giving us a cover story. - In Millwood... - One of the drivers is Kip Bellegarde. - From Luna's trial. - Says he didn't know what was happening. - What do you think? - Pff... Well, I think he needs a lawyer. Trafficking is 14 years. No one will believe he didn't know. - Right now no one's talking. I can't even lay a charge. - But if they do, could he give them someone, you know, make a deal? - He says he doesn't know anyone. - Crown will want a name. Could you give him one? Well, then what's the point in saying you provide emergency care? No, I told your co-worker already. Detox. OK, sure, keep my number on file. I told you, there's nothing. And you've tried to quit before? Pretty sure everyone who uses has tried to kick it at least once. It's, like, really nice of you to try and help me and all, but I'll figure it out. - My boyfriend's probably done being mad. - You can stay at my place. It'll be safer until we figure things out. Yeah. OK. I saw an ad at the community centre. I moved in the next day. It's so hard to find a place. Did Caleb Hardy show you the apartment? - The landlord, yes. - He's the property manager. The owner hired him to look after the place, but the building's owned through a numbered company. Do you recognise that name? Was it on any of the paperwork? The lease? Uh, it's a written contract for the apartment. He said I could stay as long as I wanted. - How did you pay rent? Cheque, email transfer? - Always cash. - You paid your rent in cash? Cash only, that's what he said. - You can pay your rent in cash. - But they have to provide you with a receipt. - When you paid him, did he ever give you a receipt? - No. In all the months you lived there, is there any paper evidence of the money you gave? I have an idea. Stevie, get me some scrap paper. OK. Excuse me. Charles Nault? I'm Joanna Chang. I'm a lawyer for Helen Graham. - Aunt Helen? - You're her nephew? - Is she in trouble? - I'm sorry, she was, uh... She was in a terrible car accident. - Is she OK? - She is in the hospital. - She's in serious condition. - That's terrible. I haven't seen her since I was, like, 12. - Are you looking for Sam? - You know where she is? She called me about 6 months back. She was back in the city. I think she's been out east. - Do you know where she was staying? - Some place in the city. - Do you have a phone number? - She was borrowing someone's cell. Is there any other place she would've gone? Someone she would've talked to, seen? I'm sorry. I wish I could be more help. - How long is she gonna be in the hospital? - I don't know. They won't tell me her condition. I'm not family. I could call. Thank you. That can't be necessary. Well, my eyes aren't what they used to be, Billy boy. Did you get a car seat? I just wanted to make sure I'm ready whenever you are. So, they think Helen fell asleep at the wheel. They found medication on her - that causes drowsiness. - Does it say anything about the second car? - What? - The second car. That's a scrub Mark. Helen's driving down the road; a second car comes up and cuts her off. Second car recorrects and makes the scrub Mark, drives away. Helen tries to brake, making these skid marks. Her car veers that way into the ditch and rolls. Blink and you'll miss it, but nothing gets past the master. You worked in an auto shop for a year. Master seems generous. The owner said your old man was a bona fide car whisperer. How do you know that's not just from another time? Would be a hell of a coincidence. Car. - Hey, you OK? - - she seems to have gone off the grid again. - Everything OK with the baby? Uh, yeah. It's a long story. Isn't it always, with you two? - I called him. He knows a lot about cars. - Skid marks don't lie! Did he just say...? On the road. Hank thinks there might've been a second car. - Then go to the station, talk to the police. - He might just be making it up. Alright, give me a second, Billy. She's stable, in a medically induced coma to give the swelling in her brain a chance to heal. They just told you all of that on the phone? Yeah, I just told them I was her nephew. Billy, I need you to set up a sit-down with judge Williams who's us? I think I found the guardian. If the judge asks you anything, just say that. - You ready? - We worked on it in the car. Keep memorising. He's a blood relative. He should be fine. - Judge is waiting. - He's perfect for this. Yeah. - What do you want now? - Just a moment of your time. - Don't know what more you wanna hear, kid. - First, not a kid. And second, we'd like to ask you to reconsider allowing our client back into her apartment. Is that a no? You posted your ad at the community centre. Targeting people in the immigrant community? That's pretty bold. - What are you insinuating? - Last chance. Caleb Hardy, you've been served. Adaimu is suing you and will be asking for substantial damages. We're also gonna subpoena your financial records. Do the property owners know about you skimming on rent? - Don't know what you're talking about. - Do they think the apartment is empty? You pocket the cash? You also manage a half dozen properties for them, don't you? - What does she want? - She wants her stuff back. And a proper lease. - And two months' free rent. Punitive damages. And we drop the lawsuit. Ms. Graham's accident has left her medically incapacitated and legally incapable of making decisions. We ask that the court appoint Charles Nault, - her nephew, as full guardian... - Your hat. - With complete control over her affairs and decisions. The role of guardian is not to be taken lightly. Do you think you're capable of carrying out all the responsibilities? - Yes, sir. - What makes you think he's in the best position to understand and meet the needs of your client? This young man is my client's closest relative and he can represent his aunt's wishes until she recovers. Mr. Nault, why are you the appropriate party to be guardian? Um, I'm Helen Graham's closest relative. She's my aunt. - That's been established. - Oh, uh... I understand my family's history and connections to her property. I believe I could protect her interests. - You are close with your aunt, then? - We were closer when I was younger, but she'd support me from afar. I just wanna help protect the land that her and my family hold dear. In her home, there's a grad photo of him in a very nice frame. She was so proud. I am drum boy! - Drum boy? - Yes, drum boy, a superhero - of the forest! - What is this show? - I loved this when I was little. My brother... He looked just like one of the puppets. We'd tease him. - I'm sorry. - No, it's OK. If you're cold... Here. Why are you living in a motel, anyway? - Uh, I just moved back. I'm still looking. If I had a choice, I'd never stay in a place like this ever again. I... I wasn't thinking... - I'm an idiot. I'm sorry. - Don't worry about it. You know, every time we moved, I always hoped, like, maybe... I'll wake up some place hot. Tropical, at least. But it's always just more crappy prairie towns. Dee? I wanna help you. I just... I need you to tell me who hurt you first. My stomach. - Um, what can I do? - I wanna quit, but I don't think that I can, like, cold Turkey. It's just gonna get worse. Please. - Please. - Dee, you know I can't get you drugs. - But I could die without. - No, you're gonna be OK. - What do you know about it? If you're not gonna help me, then just leave me alone. OK, um... just hold tight, I'm gonna... I'll get you some food, OK? And... I'll get you something for the pain. Leave it on. Please. It's just like throwing a baseball, except instead of the ball you're releasing the line right at the top of your cast. That's good! I can't believe you've never been fishing. I haven't been out to the country since I was a kid. Big family fight and we've never visited again. I'm no stranger to family drama myself. Yours revolve around your birth? They wouldn't tell me for years, but half my family was sure my mom cheated on my dad. - Helen's brother? - Yeah. They all thought my real dad was actually some other dude. Judge Williams called. You have been named full guardian of your aunt's estate. - That's good, right? - It's a small win. We still have a lot of work to do, but... yes. We should go see your aunt, if that's OK with you. Sure. Just let me get washed up first. You sure that's a good idea? She's there all by herself. - Crystal. - Grand chief Owen Beckbie. - To what do I owe the honour? - Your people said I might find you up here. Here I am. As far as I know, I'm not doing anything wrong. - I'm just looking to talk. - I'm not much of a talker. I need some information. I'd ask you to join me, but you know how it is. Been looking through our paperwork. - We haven't brought a chartrand in for weeks. - That's a good thing, isn't it? Crime stats haven't come down. We're bringing people in, they're just not your people. Look, man, I'm getting too old for all that run-and-gun crap. - Come on, crystal. We go back a long way. Of all my little brother's friends, Owen, you were always my favourite. - You were such a beanpole. Stick legs. - I filled up. Filled out a cop uniform. You always were different. I knew you didn't have it in you. You and your family, you do what you do. I don't like it, but this is different. We pulled a van over with three girls in the back. From out of town. Who'd be doing something like that? If you know something... My cousins keep bitching about some new gang from out of town. Came in like a swarm of locusts. - To Millwood? - It's a free country, Owen. Anybody's free to break the law. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful. I just wanted to update you on your legal case. I think I read somewhere that... When people wake up from comas they remember what people said to them, so... um... I'm going to move forward while we have the 30-day injunction. Well, 29. And I came up with a plan to protect your property while you're in the hospital. Since you're legally incapacitated, I petitioned the court to appoint a guardian so that your farm will still be there when... when you wake up. It's, um... it's your nephew, Charles. He... he seems like a nice enough kid. I looked for Samantha. Cassidy slept for 4 hours straight last night, which... Is still terrible, but it's a new record for her. It meant a lot when you told me that it was OK to be overwhelmed. No one's told me that. You've been more of a mom to me in the last month than my mom was my whole life. Helen? - Helen! - Out of the way, please! We have a code blue, room 2! Turn off the oxygen. - She's stable. - I have to talk to Charles. Want a coffee? It's gonna be from the vending machine. It's OK. - What are you doing? - Has my aunt seen this offer? - Yeah, she rejected it. - This is a lot of money. - She doesn't want it. Actually, your aunt tried to accept the deal. - That isn't the full story. - But her lawyer got in the way. Your aunt doesn't want to sell. She hired me to stop this woman from taking her land. - It's a little house in the bush. For this? - Charles, you have no idea - how much that's worth to her. - And they're offering stock. You know what gold's trading at? You... you don't know what she wants. You just told the judge that I'm the best person to be making decisions for her. Mr. Nault, you're Ms. Graham's guardian. The final decision is yours. - Wow, you are unbelievable. - You're the one that decided to name a new guardian. Because the people you work for ran an old woman off the road! Ha! Oh, I'm worried about you, Joanna. You're delusional. - This is the right thing for her. - Charles, your aunt is out there right now and she is fighting for her life. I'm sorry. This is too good an offer. - No, this isn't over. You watch. - What just happened? - Elise got to him. - We have to go back to judge Williams. - Daycare closes - in half an hour. - We've got time. Hey. - Hi. - Barron Templeman. Just signed on. Uh, Luna Spence, still undecided. You know, my father always "go with who's gonna invest in the future you." - Sounds like a smart guy. - Ah, he has his moments. I interrupted your escape plan. Yeah, a lot of lavish vacation stories going on back there. Not my go-to conversation. Yeah, it helps to be a little high. So who's trying to steal you away from page? Uh, the north end legal centre. It's nothing like this, but I reversed a wrongful eviction today. I got a good woman a roof over her head. That's real. Wow, I just have to say, you are so articulate. Were you not expecting me to be? Didn't mean it like that. Uh... come on, we're doing shots at the bar. I'm good, thanks. Dee? Dee, let's go! This is an emergency request to challenge the appointment of Charles nault as guardian for Helen Graham. - Ms. Chang, you just put Mr. nault forward as guardian today. Ms. Graham is clearly against the mining project, but Mr. Nault was found speaking with them just an hour after being appointed guardian. He is clearly just in this - for his own financial gain. - Or is he just making a decision you don't like? Your honour, Mr. Nault has revealed something I believe makes him unsuitable for the role of guardian. - And what's that, Mr. Crawford? - Helen's brother had reason to believe that Charles was not his biological son. We believe that Mr. Nault withheld this information intentionally, hoping to financially gain from the sale of the land. He must be replaced before he irreparably damages - our client's estate. - And what would be your suggestion, Mr. Crawford? Your client is incapacitated and in need of legal protection. - If you don't put someone forward, the court will. - It should be me. I'll do it. This is not a legal tactic? I'll consider your request if you legitimately believe that you as an individual, and not as her lawyer, are in the best position to protect her rights and interests. I do. So you never got that woman to talk? No. - So we're just cutting them loose? - For now. - You two are free to go. - It's about damn time. Thank you. You walking out of here is purely luck. It's not safe at your uncle's place. - I'll figure something out. - Kip! I know you don't want to be seen talking to a cop. But you know where to find me. Thank you for today. Not just for in court. - I know it wasn't easy for you to ask your father. - Well, we were in a pinch. He really did come through today. Oh, don't get your hopes up. Hank's downfall's always been consistency. I won't let him break her heart. He can't. Only we can do that now. So what's your next move against the mine? As her guardian or as her lawyer? You just put a giant target on your back. I'll be fine, Billy. - What are you doing back here? - I thought you were gone for the night. And I thought I told you to go home. Um... I think I messed up. That girl from the van? I kinda took her back to my place and finished the interview there. They were discharging her and she was so close to talking. You've got a good heart. It's what will make you the right kind of cop. It's also what will make days like today hard. - She called someone when I was out and they just took off. - Know who he is? Not yet. Run the plate. Send out a BOLO. It could be our guy. And then go and get some sleep. Well, come on then. ♪ Silence ♪ ♪ in the other room ♪ ♪ patience ♪ ♪ is an empty tomb ♪ ♪ waiting ♪ ♪ waiting for you ♪ ♪ we're not meant to be ♪ ♪ I refuse to see ♪ ♪ that you're chasing me around the room ♪ ♪ maybe we're something else ♪ ♪ so hard to tell ♪ ♪ maybe we're useless, looking to be used ♪ ♪ gotta come to ♪ ♪ gotta come to ♪ ♪ gotta come to ♪ ♪ gotta come to ♪ ♪ gotta come to ♪ The neoclassical era lasted from 1750 to 1850 and aimed to recapture the Greco-Roman grace and style. I thought we were letting her cry it out. - I think I need to be the softie tonight. - That's fair enough. You know, history is great, but in my experience picture books are often also a hit. Yes, but this is good for her vocabulary foundation. Sure, but it's hard to read that stuff in a silly voice. Bobby the buffalo says we need to respect ourselves and our friends! Alright, you try. - No! - Come on, you'll never have an easier audience. And ed the eagle says... - "Love your family and your planet!" - Oh, that's... Terrifying, but she likes it. - Aww. I'll get another book. - OK. Gary the giraffe says to always be kind to animals. Loyal the llama says to remember you are unique and special. - You are an amazing mother. - Hmm. And you're about to argue the opposite because that's what you do, but you will lose every time. - Sorry. - Billy... Your mom may not be the first to let people in, but when she does, watch out, Cass. She loves harder than anyone I've ever met. Look at everything you did for our client today. - What if it doesn't work? - Then we'll try something else. I love you. And I would like to argue with you for the rest of our lives, if you'll let me. Joanna Chang... Will you marry me? ♪ I don't know what I've been sold ♪ ♪ but the damage that you've made unfolded across ♪ ♪ the party line and into this kiss ♪ - Can I help you? - Step back, sir. - Joanna Chang? - Yes? - We have a warrant for your arrest. - Excuse me? - There must be some mistake. Hey, whoa, that's not necessary! What is the charge? You can't just come in here in the middle of the night... - just keep Cassidy safe. - We'll be right behind you. - I'm fine. Just take care of our girl. - ♪ tell me where to begin ♪ ♪ take me there ♪ ♪ take me there ♪ ♪ take me there ♪ ♪ take me there ♪ ♪ take this damage off my chest ♪ ♪ I will not toil where I might rest ♪ ♪ show me where to begin and take me there ♪ Closed captioning by Sette inc. Trailers.to: Watch Full HD Movies & TV Shows Premium Platform  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 