Burden of Truth: Season 4, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Burden of Truth 
 s4e6 - The Homecoming - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Burden of Truth (2018–…): Season 4, Episode 6 - The Homecoming - full transcript 
 The return of her client's missing daughter. Joanna sees an opportunity to restart the case against the mine. She and Billy investigate further. It's clear nothing about the Oro North mine is as it seems. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh! Kip. Anything big happen while I was away? We are reopening a dormant mine, an extensive and thorough environmental study was previously completed. In 1982. A lot has changed. We had 30 days on that injunction. The mine has savvy lawyers too. Dee you can stay here if you want. What I really need is cash, a fresh start. Then let's get you a fresh start. Okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It is my decision to refer you to the bar association's disciplinary committee, they can decide if you deserve to continue to practice law. We raided a house yesterday and found someone you were looking for. Hey. It's your client's daughter. Samantha Roy. Did you get any sleep? We were up at 4:30. - For good? - Pretty much. - Oh, I'm sorry. - That's okay. Articling prepared me for going on no sleep. There you go sweetie, yeah. - We could've traded off. - No, it was my turn. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah, I'm thinking maybe we should abandon this whole turn thing. Funny that you should come to that conclusion on a night when it is your turn. Are you going to work? Yeah, I have a 10 o'clock with Samantha Roy. Joanna. Samantha breathes new life into this, it's a fresh start. She didn't just wander into town, they found her locked in the basement of a meth house. All the more reason to fight for the land that's rightfully hers. I could only get her to take about half of this, can you try? Sure. What's this? "The law society disciplinary committee." - We knew it was coming. - Unopened. I know what it says. It's an invitation to my execution. Hey. Hey, listen you want some? Come here. Come here. Here you go, you ready? Here you go. ♪ In Dublin's fair city ♪ ♪ where the girls are so pretty, ♪ ♪ I first set my eyes ♪ ♪ on sweet Molly Malone ♪ ♪ as she wheeled her wheelbarrow... ♪ This is a standard retainer agreement and it's just like the one I have with your mother. Is it weird being home? A bit. Hasn't changed much. I think that your mother wanted you to be able to recognize it when you came back. Wasn't planning on it. Mind if I smoke or is that still against Helen's rules? It never came up. Guess she couldn't do much about it now anyway huh? Mrs. Roy, your mother hired me to go up against Oro north mine who tried to force her off this land. And when they couldn't do that they forced her car off the road. That's why she's in a coma. Listen, you have legal rights, we can sue them on multiple grounds. What do you want from me? To finish what she started. You have a good case. Sorry, I'm only good at fighting with my mother, not for her. We haven't talked in years, doesn't seem like we're going to have a chance to anytime soon now huh? I can take you to the hospital, she can't respond but when you talk she can hear you. I'm good. Samantha. You made your pitch, I'm not buying what you're selling. I'm not selling you anything. Your mother's wishes- ain't the same as mine, okay? My wish is for you to leave. We worked so hard to save this place for you. Sorry, I'm confused. Who are you? You're talking to her in the hospital, you're not her daughter. Samantha, I... I understand that you've been going through some hard times, but I am trying to help you. You would know about hard times. How much that outfit cost? You want to help? Call the mine, ask them for another offer. Samantha... Do it now. The court made me the guardian of your mother's estate and I cannot go against her wishes. Get out. Get out! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Mac and cheese for breakfast? - Yeah cool. - Okay. I'll just need to find a pot. Okay, so the threshold question is, was Dee his employee? Are you talking about suing her pimp in a civil suit? Just exploring all our options. Yeah. Can someone just Google how to make Mac and cheese without a pot? - Just order in. - No! No, we're grown ass women. We can make a home cooked meal. Okay, so I'm not sure about employee but I definitely worked for him. Well, if you're an employee then you have rights under the labour code. But not if you're in an independent contractor. Tax code considers sex workers independent contractors. Just to deny them benefits. This is how they talk by the way, you just get used to it. And Dee's situation's different, she wasn't there by choice. Supreme court says employees are generally subordinate and they lack control over when and where they work. Sounds like me. So, we just have to convince a court that Dee was an employee, and then he has to pay. Dee needs some documentation. I don't suppose you have anything in writing? I'm not sure Wes can write to be honest. He does text her. I do have a lot of texts. Aw yes, victory. Pots, there we go. I think that's a sign. We're on to something here. Everything okay? Apparently the mayor has put an order in for a stingray. Is that a phone tracker? State of the art, expensive, completely unnecessary. Where'd they get the money for that? Who knows. I'll be late tonight. Are we ever going to talk about it? About? The new roommate situation. The reason the lingerie is still in my suitcase. Will you please stop bringing that up? He feels like he has a home here. But this isn't his home Owen. I just don't think it's healthy to give a boy who's been through what he's been through false expectations. I worry about his mental health. What about his physical health? I'm not mad at you for taking him in, it's a beautiful thing you did, I just wish you'd run it past me first. You were halfway around the world. We don't talk Owen. What are we doing right now? You know what I mean. You bottle things up, it's not good for you and it's not good for us. I have to get to work, can we just please talk about this when I get home? Diane- yeah, we'll talk about it when you get home. Billy? She just went down. How'd it go with Samantha? It didn't. She wants to sell. Oh, it's her family's land it's up to her. I'm still Helen's guardian. Joanna you said you wanted to bring her daughter home, she's home. Isn't that enough? I have a meeting, union rep for the miner's local. You're meeting with the other side? The mine union isn't the same thing as the mining company. He wanted a consultation, we could use the money. Are you worried about money? Things are uncertain. You mean with your partner's future. With everything. Maybe getting this case off your plate will help. Is the first contact, "what's up? It's Wes" from march, 2018? Yeah. He was a friend of a friend, he found my profile. We messaged for a bit on there before I gave him my number. Hey, if we're going to try to create a statement of claim we'll need details, okay? - What kind of details? - The uncomfortable kind. - Stevie. - It's okay. I was 16, moved in with him a few weeks later. And have you lived with him ever since? Mostly. If you've lived with him for more than three years then it's considered common-law. And you could be entitled to spousal support. Yeah, he'd never pay. He'd rather kill me. - It's him. - Wes? Okay, that is just eerie. "I'm sorry, I love you, want to come get you. Where you at?" Forget it, just delete it. No, don't delete them, we're going to need those texts. I can't tell you how many times I've fallen for these messages. Every time I leave I just get dragged back by him, the drugs. Not this time, I'm done. How many times have you tried to run? A bunch of times. I keep going back. So much for common-law. Sorry. You didn't do anything wrong, you were right to try to leave but it can't be considered common-law if you're trying to escape. "I'm the only one you can trust." Dated one month after the first text. It felt that way. He groomed you right from the start. It's an epidemic on social media and the law can't catch up. Then let's make the law catch up. We sue him. - For grooming? - Yeah. Is that possible? If you're harmed by another person then you should have a cause of action. Wesley hurt you, he stole years of your life from you. The law should provide a remedy. So, let me get this straight, the daughter of your client who you just met wants to sell the house that she ran away from. You're omitting a few details. And you won't let her? The court appointed me her guardian. Well, I asked the court to make me her guardian. Aha. Can I be honest with you? Uh-huh. You don't know her, you barely knew her mother. That shouldn't stop me from doing the right thing. For her or you? Nobody does anything selflessly. I should know. Your sick aunt in Guyana? It was a routine appendectomy, I stayed weeks longer than I had to. He's just so busy saving the world, it's heavy. I needed a break from it, from him. There's nothing wrong with that. What about sleeping with a 20-year-old Guyanese gardener? Is there anything wrong with that? Kidding! I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I did think about it, but... Hey, sorry we were talking about you? It's just, selling now to a colleague that I trained, it just feels like... Losing. And we all know how much you like to lose. Especially on my last case. The disciplinary committee's after me. Something I did a lifetime ago. Diane I'm going to lose my license. Oh honey, you should've told me. Who am I if I'm not a lawyer? My best friend. And I am so happy you're home, you have no idea. But gabbing in the middle of the day at mommy's group it just... It just isn't enough. Come on, let's take a walk. Do you think it makes me a horrible mother? That mommy's group isn't enough for you? No, that she isn't enough. You want your daughter to see you doing something that you love. I actually think that makes you a great mom. I do, I want her to see me at my happiest. But I need that for me too. But I don't even know if I'm allowed to want anything for myself anymore. Of course you are. Well it doesn't seem like I'm going to get either. You don't know that. I am telling you, this is not just going to be a slap on the wrist. It's Luna, she reached out, she wants legal advice. Go. Go ahead be a lawyer. Gotta enjoy it while it lasts. Thank you. A civil lawsuit for grooming against a pimp? That is incredibly inventive. I know but will it work? Theoretically yes, courts will on occasion expand tort law to include new civil wrongs but Dee will face cross-examination for everything. What if we use the suit as leverage? Smart. Dee needs money. She was groomed and trafficked as a kid, now she has nothing and nowhere to go. Are you sure this guy has money? You've got to sue someone with deep pockets. I have another meeting, finish this later? - Okay. - Nice work Luna. What do I owe you? Pay for the coffees big shot. Loved getting your call, you've finally come to your senses. The daughter wants to sell and unfortunately for you there's nothing you can do to stop her. Is this a joke? Take it or leave it. You're missing a zero. After everything you put my client through, consider it life tax. My orders have changed, that parcel of land is not a priority. So, you don't want it now? We want it, deal's different. We're not willing to pay cash for it. She should take it, no one else is going to want it. Farm next to a gold mine. Tell you what, admit I'm a better lawyer than you and I'll throw in 100k. This is all just a big game to you. It's win or lose, you taught me that. To think I looked up to you, shark on bay street, now this here. The place you end up if you're not paying attention. We're done. Your ego really going to cost your client 100k? It's cost you more than that hasn't it, Joanna? It cost you pretty much everything. Screw you. Objection, inflammatory. Billy, I appreciate you coming down. Union's counsel are Toronto based. I can never get them on the phone. I appreciate the call Larry but you know my partner's leading an action against the mine's parent company. They're not us. You have a great reputation. I'm flattered but I'm only one half of the team. Well, the half that's from here. And everyone loves a hometown boy. How can I help? This is confidential, mining boss has sent us a revised contract. A rewritten termination agreement for our workers. And they added new grounds for firing. Looks like a loyalty pledge. They're real secretive up in the executive offices. They want them signed today. Sorry. Hey, I'm in a meeting. They slashed my tires Billy. What? You okay? Fine, I'm fine but it means that we're close to something. Oh. Why don't you sound excited? No, I just can't talk about this right now I'm in a meeting. - I'll meet you at home. - Okay, don't be long. Sorry about that. - The other half? - Yeah. Everything okay? Yeah, give me a couple of hours with this. Hey. What did your sister say? No hello? Just really want to know what the great Joanna Chang's legal opinion is. She's not god you know. No, no god wouldn't stand a chance against her deposition. Why aren't you down by the fire? I think she needed some space. She should really just pitch a tent down there. I mean you might not get it but when you spend as much time imprisoned as she has, you don't see the outside the same way again. Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah. So, Joanna thinks our strategy is imaginative but unless Wes has a trust fund which is very doubtful, there's no point. We need deep pockets. What about changing the law, Luna? We're trying to get Dee some money so she can get away from that jerk. You're rich, you don't get it. Stevie- sorry, am I interrupting something? You know, I was actually just about to go put on some more hot water, anybody want? I... Dee! It's Wes. - How'd he find you? - My texts. He tracked me. I see you up there, get down here now! Okay, what do we do? - We stall. - Lu... Wes right? I heard you like young girls. Look, I don't have time for whatever this is. Come on. She's not going anywhere with you. Cute. Now, I'm not going to repeat myself, you hear me? I'm not going with you. - You think you decide? - Yeah, she does. Shut up. I'll drag you into this car if I have to. Stop screwing around, you think I can't take your little bodyguards here? You're going to want to think real hard about your next move Wes. Yeah? I called the cops the minute you pulled into the driveway. Yeah, they really don't like it when someone they have a warrant out for trespasses on an officer's property. A cop lives here? Yeah. No, you're bluffing. Do you really want to take that risk? Fine. Hey. Hey, what are you doing here? I wanted to... I needed to tell you something. What? I missed you when you were gone. Oh I missed you too Owen. And when I'd come home, it was just so empty without you here. And you're right I don't talk enough. Owen- no, it's because I'm afraid and I'm scared that if I tell you how I really feel there's like, there's generations of pain that has been ignored and it would just be too much, and you'll leave me. Babe, I'm not going anywhere, okay? This is our life. What's that? "Diane and Beckbie." Did you write this? No. "Thanks for everything." Kip. He must have heard us talking. Aren't there dangerous people looking for him? We need to find him first before they do. What took you so long? I got someone to change my tire and I still beat you back here. I couldn't walk out of a meeting. Did you call the police? Don't have time, we are close to something here Billy, we're just not seeing it. - Where's the baby? - Daycare. All right, what are we not seeing? Elise told me that Helen's farm was no longer a priority. There's something weird going on. All-stock sale, buy-back provision, restricted shares. I thought we were ending this today. There is something so much bigger going on here. You're getting all that from a stock sale. You think I'm making this up? The therapist said we're both dealing with a lot, I think you're actively avoiding something. Did you open the letter? Oro north is up to something Billy and I'm going to figure out what it is. I'm so sorry that I wasn't here. It's not your fault. No one's answering. Wesley must've changed the burners. I thought you rescued all the girls in the raid. We rescued some. Maylynn, Kayla, Sam. There are always more. And now he's going to punish them because of me. You have no idea what he's capable of. Then we just have to find them. I have no idea where they are. When they moved us we could never see out the van windows. We did always go to the same place. Okay we'd leave canola palms and the sound was tires on a smooth highway, straight for like 10 minutes and then two clunks. The railway tracks. What are you doing? Something I used to do as a kid. I was too small to see out the car window so I'd memorize the sounds. Guys, my mom would go on benders, forget me places. I always needed to know where I was so I could get home. And it worked? You could find your way back home? I mean it was just a game, but came in handy I guess. Walked almost two hours in the snow once, but yeah, made it back. What? That's not just a game, being able to retrace your path with that kind of detail using sound, that's echoic memory. Think like photographic memory but with sound. - What are you doing? - Can you help me out? Canola palms is on highway 59, if she can remember the sounds after they left maybe we just trace it on the map. Find it for real. That's not exactly the most fun ride to remember. You don't have to do this if it's too much. She's right. Yes I do. Guys, I think this is how we save them. Thank you for seeing me. I had a cancellation and you said it was an emergency. I'll be brief. You're paying for 45 minutes. I'm actually... I'm on my way to do a confidential and potentially reckless thing for a client. And I need you to tell me that I am okay before I do that. I understand that you're a couples therapist and that me coming here alone may compromise some ethical statute. I'm not a judge, I'm a therapist. Right. Okay then if I do have a postpartum mood disorder, could that affect the way that I evaluate things? Evaluate? Yeah, if my mental wellness is an issue could that compromise my ability to assess facts and law? Are you worried about your mental wellness? I don't know. No, no, but... But I could be inching towards a potential problem. I think you're stressed and anxious, and sleep deprived. And I think you're scared. - Which could be worse. - Who taught you that? That being scared was a bad thing? My father. He's dead Joanna, he can't judge you or hurt you anymore. You think that's what I'm scared of? I want to know what you think. About my relationship with my father? Great, of course you do. How much time do you have? 42 more minutes. They think they saw him running around with his old crew friends earlier this afternoon. Is that a bad thing or a good thing? Millwood's not a big place, word about him being back on the street won't take long to spread. How horrible, the kid already has nothing. Yeah, well you were just telling the truth. Hey, don't worry, we'll find him. I still know his old hangouts from when I was arresting him. Owen. I stayed in Guyana longer than I had to. I know. - What? - About Guyana. I'm a trained investigator Diane, you don't think I have connections in the Caribbean? My mother? Doesn't take much for her to spill. Why didn't you say anything? Because I get it, how do you think I feel? I never get a break from me. I love you Owen Beckbie, and I don't want to spend another night apart from each other for the rest of our lives. Deal. Gizaagi'in. I love you too. Come on. Hey. I was right Billy. Where are you? - City hall archives. - You need to come home. They never did a geological survey. Sure they did, it's pinned up on your board. That's from 1982, they just changed the date, that's how they were able to rush through phase one. They didn't do any of the work. Well, in geological time 1982 is basically now. It isn't just that. The impact assessment, the environmental reviews, all of them are exactly the same. When they reopened that mine they falsified all of their documents, Billy. Please trust me on this. I do. I think I know who I can talk to about this. Tell me about phase two, happened fast. They put a ton of pressure on us to get things ready. Damn near killed me, but we're ready to go now. Then they pulled the brakes. - Who did? - Oro north. They shut us all out until we resolve the contractual issue, that's why I called you. But they had a groundbreaking, I was there. PR I guess. My men aren't allowed back to work until we sign the new contracts. It won't feel like it, but we're here with you, okay? You say stop, we stop. Start at the beginning. We turn left out of the motel parking lot. 10 minutes with smooth highway under the van, we're on the railway tracks. Still heading north on 59 then, that's the only highway that crosses the tracks. What's next? Driving over this loud rushing water below us. Like rapids? Louder than rapids, like a waterfall or something. A waterfall? Guys, highway 59 crosses the Benito dam. You okay? Do you want to stop? No. After the rushing water we're on a smooth highway for a while, we'd pull over to the left and we'd stop. Always just for a few minutes, someone would open something on the side of the van. A gas station. There are five highways from 59 that have gas stations. Do you remember any other sounds at that stop? Rumbling. No matter what time of day or night we moved, always rumbling like a mechanical sound or something. The gas station off of 17 is a truck stop. Those guys have their engines running 24/7 that's got to be it. You're doing really great Dee. It's not far now. Some girls start crying by this point usually, Jesse especially. I was never scared until the long bridge though. It was so high up I could barely hear the river below. I think she's talking about the bridge to nowhere. Used to get vertigo crossing it as a kid. One last turn right. Pavement turns to gravel. Rocks and gravel start to kick up against the bottom of the van. We'd stop. There were no more sounds after that until someone would open the door. Is this is it Dee? Yeah. I'll call for help. Deep pockets. Oh Mrs. Chang, I'm assuming this can't wait until the morning? I have a curling sheet booked. This won't take long. What am I looking at? Mine's land survey, it's the same as the original, exactly. This paperwork is bogus but you signed off on it. Why would you approve a falsified permit? Falsified is a bit of a stretch. Oro lied about this, we have no idea what they're doing and Millwood is right in their path. We're creating a citizen oversight committee, a watchdog organization for the mine. We're going to need legal counsel on that board. Comes with a healthy monthly stipend. Mayor Freeman, are you trying to bribe me? You're obviously concerned about the legality of the mine, this would give you an opportunity to keep them in check. Think about it. Okay. I thought about it, and the answer is no. What are you going to do? Luna? We're going to sue them. A mining company? Why not? Somebody has to do something. We're just law students. Stevie, it's okay if you want to go home. I get it. No, I don't want to leave you. Then stay and help me do this. I'm just not cut out for this. You don't know that. The only reason why I went to law school is because I had no idea what else to do with my life. Maybe this will help you figure it out. You know we're not allowed to do anything without supervision. Is that a yes? You need to get a real lawyer. Well, I know a great one. - Where's our girl? - She's already asleep. Maybe she knows we have work to do. Junior associate. Thank you. - For what? - For trusting me. Oh, I don't trust you. I'm scared of you, in love with you. You seem better. Carol thinks I'm scared. Wait, you talked to Carol? It was on my way, don't worry we'll talk about it at our next session. Okay then. We have work to do. I think there's something you need to do first. Open it, you need to know. We have to know what we're dealing with so we can plan. Okay. Okay. ♪ Who about to break your neck with em 808s? ♪ ♪ Hooligans! ♪ ♪ Who that is with the hoodie with the blank face? ♪ ♪ Hooligans! ♪ ♪ Who done got you screaming skoden in the first place? ♪ ♪ Hooligans! ♪ ♪ Who that is, boy? Who you love to hate? ♪ Me! ♪ Yeah, this the story of notorious warriors ♪ ♪ label us inglorious, you can't ignore us, huh ♪ ♪ my name is my name, hooligan anonymous ♪ ♪ go act a fool again ♪ ♪ this the rez-pocalypse ♪ Kip. Some loyal friends you got there. Owen. It's kind of cold, hey? Come on. Kip, I'm so sorry. You don't have to apologize. But I was wrong to make you feel unwelcome in our home. I don't want to be in the way. Well, you can't live here. Why don't you come back to our place? And you can be in the way for one more night. Come on, at least you won't freeze. Come. So, what do we know? They were so desperate for Helen's land they nearly killed her. And now it's not a priority. They can still buy it but only with the new class of restricted shares. They forged documents, they rushed production. And now they're shutting everything down. There's something they don't want us to know. - Hey. - Don't wake the baby. Sorry, I know it's late. This is my girlfriend Stevie. Hi, I've heard a lot about you both. It's nice to finally meet you. Also, we want to sue the Oro north mine for human trafficking. I'll go brew some coffee. While the mine may not have run the sex trafficking ring, their property was continuously used to carry out the sexual exploitation of women. Do you think you can prove it? We're working on it. There must've been somebody at the mine that helped bring the women there. A mine employee? At least one, maybe more. It's a serious accusation, before you can file suit you need to be sure. Maybe they were simply trespassing. But if we can prove that one or more of their employees allowed it to happen we have a cause of action, right? Respondeat superior. Let the master answer. Vicarious liability, smart. It's not going to be easy. When has any of this ever been easy? And right on cue. I'll be back. Let her cry. She'll settle. I'm going to let her cry. Okay, now everything you know about the man camp. Wait, where is your plaintiff right now? Don't worry, Dee's safe, she's with Taylor. So, now with the lawsuit, that means everyone's going to know what I did. You didn't do anything Dee. You know what I mean. It's important to know that though. You can come back from this. You're the toughest person that I've ever met. And what now? You make a new life, you can't waste time looking back on the past, trust me. Look, I can't begin to know what you've been through. My father hurt and lied to me. What did you do? I stole all his money. What? I just took the money and I ran. And you know there were days where I felt like I wasn't going to make it, but I kept showing up. It's just day by day. Are you saying that if a single employee helped then the company's liable? A site manager, a cleaner? Employers are responsible for wrong doing of employees. Sometimes, it depends on the nature of the wrongdoing. The mine had a responsibility to provide a safe environment. This coffee is not cutting it. Do you have anything stronger? - There's beer in the fridge. - Now you're talking. Okay, so we're arguing that these acts were egregious and that the mine employees were in the best position to stop it. It's a policy argument, you need to make a legal one. We can't find a precedent. If you can't find a case on point, then you need to argue on analogy. Bazley v Curry. Supreme court found this company vicariously liable for the sexual misconduct of one of it's employees. That's where you start. - I got her. - No, my turn. Well, leave the work. I can multitask. You need to convince the court that they caused the harm, that you're not just targeting them because of the deep pockets. Because you will be suing a literal gold mine. The world can be a scary place, people can be awful to each other. But lucky for you, your mom is an amazing lawyer and she will defend you, and protect you until the end of time. Your dad's not so bad either. We help Luna file this lawsuit, we get them a big settlement and we force this mine to shut down. We have a problem, it's been a big day. Lot's of pieces coming together. What is it? We know there's something the mine doesn't want us to find out but, I don't think it's the trafficking. You said it yourself, it's a literal gold mine. What if it isn't? What's the one thing a mine would want to cover up? There's no gold. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 