Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted 
 s1e6 - Alaska's Panhandle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Alaska's Panhandle - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gordon: Stop it. Owen: You have...  Gordon: Blow in the lungs? (laughs). Gordon: That is a  big pair of lungs. Owen: Yes.  Gordon: Big breath? Owen: Yes. (exhaling) almost. Gordon: Still more? Owen: Yes. Almost. Almost. Gordon: This is  southeast alaska. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 America's final frontier. I'm on the southern  alaskan panhandle in the  middle of winter and I can't wait  to see what this icy  wilderness has to offer. This narrow  strip of coastline  and offshore islands is exposed to  all the elements... And I mean all the elements. It's one of the most brutal  environments on the planet. Which is another way of saying it's bloody cold  and full of animals  that can kill you. Over the years the locals  have adapted to the harsh  conditions and created delicious food from  their wild bounty and I  can't wait to explore. To start my wild adventure, I'm meeting  a chef and hunter who's  redefining alaskan food. He wants to take me to  his favorite picnic spot. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That just happens to be almost  3,000 feet up a mountain. But it's alaska,  which means snow storms so  he sent me this flashy set of wheels to drive to the top. Lionel! Lionel: Gordon!  Gordon: Oh, man! Lionel: Welcome to alaska. Gordon: Good to see you, man. Lionel: Good to see you. Gordon: Lionel udippa is  one of alaska's top chefs. He's trained in some  of the best restaurants in  the world and he is now the executive chef  at salt in juneau. He's gained a reputation  for creating incredible  flavor combinations from the wild ingredients of  this glacial wonderland. Gordon: Oh, boy  it is freezing! Lionel: A little bit. Gordon: Did you  bring some lunch? Lionel: I did.  Gordon: I'm starving.  Lionel: Alright. Well I'm gonna help you  put these snow shoes on, we're gonna go on  a little adventure. Gordon: Snow shoes? Lionel: Yes. So what do you think  about alaska so far? Gordon: Uh, bloody hard. This is insane. Lionel: Do you  wanna move here? Gordon: In the summer, yes. Lionel has been hiking and  hunting in this freezing  wilderness since he was 18. Whereas I've lost all  feeling in my face and hands. Gordon: Any coffee nearby? Lionel: Coffee? Gordon: (bleep). Lionel: What the hell  are you doing, gordon? Get up, let's go! Gordon: Taking a rest. Lionel: Don't you  do triathlons? Gordon: I do but not  in the (bleep) snow! (laughs). Lionel lured me  up here with a promise  of an incredible view. But in this whiteout  the only thing I can see  is the end of my nose. Lionel: Wow,  look at this view. Gordon: I just hope we  can still have lunch. That is beautiful. Lionel: This is amazing. Alaska's all about survival. Gordon: Yep. So you're used to  this kind of terrain  for like six, seven months of the year. Lionel: Yes, yes.  Gordon: Amazing. Lionel: When  alaska turns green, that's when we do  a lot of our foraging... Gordon: Right. Lionel: Or hunting  or fishing and we do our best  to preserve these ingredients so that we have them  throughout the wintertime. And some  of those ingredients  I've brought with us, I wanna share with you. First is this mug. Gordon: Thank you. Lionel: I'm gonna  give you some chaga  tea to warm you up. Chaga's a mushroom that's  harvested on birch trees. There's a little bit of  fireweed honey in this. Gordon: Beautiful.  Lionel: Alright. Gordon: Cheers, lionel. Thank you. Wow. Lionel: It's high in  antioxidants along  with other vitamins. It's a fungus. Gordon: That's delicious and  that honey helps it as well, gives it that little  touch of sweetness  in there as well. Lionel: Yes. And then I also brought  some other goodies for us. Gordon: What is that? Lionel: Moose sticks.  Gordon: Moose sticks? Lionel: Yes. Gordon: Stop messing around. Lionel: No, I'm, I'm serious. Gordon: Moose sticks? Lionel: Yes. Gordon: So it's like  a moose sausage? Lionel: Correct. It's light, it's quiet, I eat a lot of these  when I go hunting or you  don't want the deer to hear you chew, right. Gordon: Right. Lionel: So you gotta keep  as quiet as possible. Are you still hungry? This, right here is  king salmon belly. Gordon: King salmon belly. Lionel: Huh-huh. Gordon: That is delicious. Fatty, delicious,  salty, smoky. Lionel: Mm-mm.  This will be smoked  for about eight hours. Gordon: Really?  Lionel: Mm-mm. Gordon: That's like one  of the most exciting little  backpacks I've ever seen on a mountain. Um, my favorite has  to be the moose stick. Lionel: Thank you. This is just a small  tasting of what we have  to offer in alaska. In order for you  to really engage with this  land I'm going to send you off to hoonah, alaska. So you're gonna be  going that way, where  you can't see anything. Gordon: Lionel wants me  to start me journey in hoonah  to learn about the wilderness from the residents  in this remote community  and then meet him back here at the end of the week to  cook for some local legends. Lionel: We're gonna  cook in front of a,  a bunch of fishermen... Gordon: Right. Lionel: And let me tell  you they're gonna judge  the hell out of you. Gordon: Fishermen are the  alaskan food critics, right? Lionel: Yes. Gordon: And anything  else to be aware of? Lionel: Don't get  eaten by a bear. Gordon: Big bears?  Lionel: Big bears. Gordon: Wouldn't they be  sleeping this time of year? Lionel: Bigger than you. Gordon: They're  bigger than me. (bleep). (laughs). I've got one week  and two missions. Number one,  explore the panhandle and  design a menu based on it's wonderful ingredients. And number two, don't  get eaten by a bear. Chef lionel told me to  start in hoonah to learn how  people live off the land. Ready to go? Captain lewis:  Yeah, you wanna give  me a hand tying off? Gordon: Yes, please.  Captain lewis: Alright. Gordon: Local fisherman,  captain lewis, has  offered to give me a ride. Captain lewis:  Just gonna give us a little  shove and we'll be off. Gordon: Yes, thank you. Hoonah is located  on the cicagof island,  30 miles west of juneau and is known to have more  brown bears than people. Just my luck. I'm off to meet the most  amazing tlingit community,  they hunt and they fish and that's how they've done  it for many decades. More importantly it is  in the middle of nowhere  and I'm hoping these seas remains somewhat  flat, if not we could  be in for a rough ride. Is it almost sort of pot  luck to how many boats get  out this time of the year? Captain lewis: Yeah, I mean  you, you have to be kind  half crazy this time of year. Gordon: Right. In the middle of winter, there's always a threat of  high winds and rough seas. But so far, so good. Captain lewis: It can  start blowing and not stop  for four or five days. Gordon: Wow, I suppose  when you're snowed in you're  embedded but it just reaffirms how remote and how difficult  in the wilderness it is. Captain lewis:  Yeah, absolutely. You gotta have a plan. Gordon: Yeah.  And a plan b and a plan c. Captain lewis:  Yes, absolutely. Gordon: Before we go to  hoonah I'm taking a quick  detour to meet up with a local forager lionel  introduced me to. Of course, this guy  asked me to meet him at a  place called chimney rock because in alaska this is  how foragers roll, apparently. Alan? Alan: Hey! How's it going? Gordon: Good, good.  Alan: Good to see you.  Gordon: Good to see too, bud. Alan: Yeah. Gordon: What an amazing place. Alan: Oh, it's  beautiful isn't it? Gordon: Lionel said it would  be an adventure but he didn't  tell me we were gonna climb. Bloody hell. Alan: He didn't. We're gonna ascend up  some ropes and go get some  old man's beard at the top of this cliff right here. Gordon: Oh (bleep). Alan: Make some tea with  it and it's very good. Gordon: And that's  the only place up there  that houses the old man? Alan: That's the only place. Gordon: If chef lionel  had told me I was climbing  a 60 foot cliff I would've packed a 61 foot ladder. You're nuts. Alan: Nah, this is  just what we do up here  in alaska you know. Gordon: (bleep).  First things first. Alan: Alright I got a  harness for you, grab this. Put your left leg in here. Gotta bring the hot  water for the tea. Gordon: Yes. People usually  take weeks to learn a  new climbing technique, I've had five minutes. Alan: So right hand  as high as it'll go. Gordon: Yeah. Alan: Now lift up  your left foot, push  your right arm up. Yeah, there you go. Now push up with  your left foot. Push up and get that right  arm up there, you got it. Gordon: I'm at  the end of my rope in  more ways than one. So... Alan: Yeah. You got it. It'd kinda like a  burst of energy. Gordon: Yes. Alan: Explode with  your left foot. Gordon: Yeah. Alan: And keep  your right arm up. Gordon: (bleep).  My left won't come up. (bleep). Alan: Feel good? Gordon: Yeah. I think. Alan:  Look at where we're at. Isn't this awesome? Gordon: There's gotta be an  easier way for a cup of tea. (bleep). Alan: This is the best way. Gordon: Quick breather  for ten seconds. Alan: Yeah. Gordon: That is a lot  harder than you think. (bleep). Alan: Check this out. We're almost halfway there. Gordon: (bleep). Gordon: Oh my (bleep). Alan: I've got an idea,  let's swing over here. Gordon: Yeah. Alan: I wonder if that'll  help a little bit. Gordon: I'm struggling  up at 60 foot cliff  in hoonah foraging for a medicinal herb to  make a hot drink with. Afternoon tea  clearly requires a lot  more work around here. Alan: You're ready to  give it a go again? Gordon: Yeah. Alan: Alright, let's do it. Aright, so lean back  away from the cliff and you  gotta get over this edge and we're pretty  much home free. Gordon: (bleep),  (bleep), (bleep). Alan: Look at this! Gordon: (bleep). Alan: We're at the top! Gordon: (bleep). Alan: Whoa!  Give me high five. Gordon: (bleep).  Alan: Great! Gordon: That was amazing. Alan: Like one of the  most remote rock pillars  in southeast alaska. Isn't this frickin' awesome? Gordon: It is incredible. I mean this is survival  right up here isn't it? Alan: Oh, yeah. Gordon: I mean...  Alan: It is.  Gordon: I've gone to some... Alan: You've gotta be  prepared for anything  coming at you. Look at this storm  we got rolling in. Gordon: Yeah. I was like relaxed because  I honestly thought I was  gonna have to repel down cause the ascent  was a little bit more  difficult than I thought. I've never been  a quitter but um, the  adrenalin took over. Alan: Good job, man. Gordon: Amazing. Amazing.  Amazing. Amazing. Alan: Yeah. Gordon: Oh. (bleep)  look at that over there. Alan: Yeah! Gordon: That's it there,  the old man's beard. Alan: Yeah, this is it. Gordon: It actually  looks like a beard  as well doesn't it? Alan: Yeah it does. Gordon: In terms of,  I mean beautiful. Alan: I mean look.  How's it look? Gordon: Exactly.  We're growing a goatee. Alan: Yeah. Just like that. Gordon: Amazing.  Alan: Perfect. Alright.  Gordon: (bleep). Alan: This tea.  Are you ready or what? Gordon: How old were you  when you first started  these kind of climbs? Alan: Oh, I was like, I think I was  13 when I first... Gordon: 13. Alan: Tried climbing  for the first time. I mean it was nothing  gnarly but you know I started  getting in the mountains and I got hooked. So here I am. Gordon: It's amazing.  Cheers for a good job. Alan: Cheers. Gordon: Wow! So that's a cross  between a sort of bailey  stroke mint with a little touch of rosemary in there. Alright, so big  difference there. Alan: Kinda tastes  like it huh? These are spruce  tips right here. Gordon: Gotcha. Wow, wow. Locals have been harvesting  these bitter lemony spruce  branch tips for years. Gordon: That's amazing. That's amazing, oh my god. Alan: Are you about  ready to go down? Gordon: Yeah. Alan: Walk your  way down, okay. Put your left arm down. Gordon: I'm now  getting a sense to how  dangerous alaska is.... Alan: Awesome. Gordon: If you don't  know how to survive properly. Bloody windy. Alan: Nice work. Gordon: If you're  not prepared boy it's  gonna take you down. Alan: Woo-hoo-hoo! Gordon: But what  an experience. You know for someone who  doesn't climb for a living  that was extraordinary. Cheers for that. Alan: Good luck here. Gordon: (bleep) that's  harder than you think, man. Alan: Oh, yeah.  Gordon: Oh, great job.  Alan: That was awesome. Gordon: The good news is  that I'm done with climbing. But the bad news is that  spruce tips and old man's  beard aren't gonna be enough to satisfy the  fishermen at our feast. So, after taking the  scenic route I'm in hoonah, homeland of the tlingit  community for over 250 years. The tlingit fish and  hunt to survive with seal  a key part of their diet. But only alaskan natives  can hunt them which rules  me out because in case you hadn't noticed  I'm not an alaskan native. Good job. Yeah. Captain lewis:  Thank you sir. Gordon:  Thanks, bud.  Thank you. So I'm gonna meet a  tribal elder at his smokehouse to learn how to prepare  this native staple. Gordon: Owen, good evening. Gordon: I'm very well,  thank you. An absolute  pleasure to see you.  Young lady, how are you? Lia: Good, how are you? Gordon: Don't worry,  I've had worse on my hands. Gordon, good to see you.  And your name is? Lia: I'm lia. Gordon: Lia.  Tlingit elder, owen, has been hunting seal  to help feed his community since he was eight years old. Gordon: Are they  difficult to catch? (animal call). Gordon: Wow, sounds  like my grandad burping! Owen: Yeah. Gordon: And they come  up to the surface? Gordon: What are you  doing there by way? Lia: Braiding the intestines. Gordon: You're braiding  the intestines. Seriously.  Into like a plaint? Lia: Yes.  Gordon: May I? Owen: Fine, I'm sorry. Gordon: No thank you. Lia: You just grab  that, this part here. Gordon: Wow. Lia: And then you  pull it back through. Gordon: I mean that  is a beautiful braid. And what do you  use intestines for? Owen: We'll hang  it in the smoke house  and smoke it through. Gordon: Wow. Owen: And when we're  getting ready to cook  the meat we usually cook the intestines with it. Gordon: Wow. And then taste-wise, is it almost like  a, a sort of jerky,  sort of pork texture? Or is it a lot more strenuous? Gordon: Yeah.  Amazing, it's a  beautiful knot. Is that how you  braid your hair? Lia: No.  Gordon: No. Awesome. Alright, well I'm  gonna have a little go. So you got your fingers  in there, right. Lia: Then you grab this. Gordon: Grab that bit. Lia: Then you  pull that through. Gordon: Pull that  through, right. Lia: Yes. Gordon: And then pull  all the way through. Lia: Yes.  Gordon: Gotcha. Okay. And so, again. So, pull that through  and then push down. That's incredible. Owen: That's something  that like we grew  up with I should say. Gordon: Yeah.  Owen: And... Gordon: And a delicacy  beyond belief. Owen: That's true.  Gordon: May I?  Owen: Yes. Gordon: Mind you there's  a pungent smell coming  from them, isn't there? After seeing how  creative owen and lia are  with the seals intestines I'm curious to see  what owen's got going  on in his smokehouse. So you built this  little smokehouse? Owen: Yes I did.  Gordon: Wow. Owen: Yeah, this  is seal meat here. You wanna center  it and hang it on one  of these sticks here. Gordon: Gotcha.  Owen: While back. Gordon:  And what cut is this? Owen: The back flippers. Gordon: Back flipper. Owen: Yes.  Gordon: Of course it is. And long will you hang them? Owen: I'll, I'll hang 'em  for six to eight hours. Gordon: Wow and do you  season it with anything, is there a rub,  is there a salt, is there? Owen: No. Gordon: Nothing at all?  Owen: Nothing at all. Gordon: Amazing. Just like hanging  my grandma's washing. And if you thought  intestine braiding was fun, wait till you see what  they do with the lungs. Gordon: Stop it.  Owen: That's right.  Gordon: Blow in the lungs? (laughs). Gordon: That is a  big pair of lungs. Owen: Yes. Gordon: Big, big breath? Owen: Yes. Gordon: Just wipe a  little bit of congealed  blood at the top for me. Owen: What's that? Gordon: Could you just  wipe a little, wipe my, wipe my pipe. Let's go for d minor. (exhaling) in my new hobby of  blowing up seal lungs  do oxidize the meat. Gordon: Once more. Gordon: Yes. Gordon: Gotcha.  Look at the color  of these things. Owen: Yes. Gordon: What are you  laughing at young lady?  Come on. Gordon: No, no I'll finish off, I've, I've got this. My mother would  never forgive me if I didn't complete a full  pair of seal lungs, ready? Owen: Almost, almost. Lia: Got 'em. Owen: Ha-ha-ha!  Sweet. You got it. Gordon: (bleep) oh,  my lord, are we happy? Owen: Yes. Gordon: That is incredible. Owen: Yes, this. Gordon: In the middle? Owen: Oh, yes, please. Gordon: Beautiful,  turn the gas up. Amazing now the  tlingit community that means  a lot to you and obviously you're at the helm,  but how far back does it go? Owen: Well it goes back  to nine generations. My father's family now. Gordon: Wow! Owen: My father lived a  good long life, he was 108  years old when he passed. Gordon: 108? Owen: Yes. And his father  was 122 when he passed. Gordon: 122! Owen: Yes, sir. Gordon: Wow!  That's extraordinary. Owen: Yes. Gordon: And do you think  that was because they  were surviving from the island and eating... Owen: Eating well  from food off the land. Gordon: Yeah.  That's incredible. Owen: I can only hope  to live that long. Gordon: Wow. Gordon: I'd love  to taste some. To me it looks like  a, almost like a stew. Owen: Yes.  Gordon: Yeah. Owen: Well why don't  you try that first. Gordon: Thank you. I am  looking forward to this. Do you mind if I have  a little bit of gravy? Gordon: Just a little bit,  sorry, it's how chefs are. So at first with my  fork yeah, it's very tender. How long has that  been cooking? Gordon: Stop it, really? Wow, it's salty,  it's almost a little bit  anchovy, it's quite meaty. Isn't it? It is delicious. Do you mind if I take some? Gordon: Thank you. Gordon: Oh, really. Mm. That's an amazing  treat, thank you. And if I live to 100,  trust me I've got you  to thank. Be well. Hanging up this fatty  meat in that smokehouse  didn't give me that kind of kickback as if you're  curing meat, pork. But also when  you start to taste it, it's got this rich,  fishy, ox tail-y, meaty texture with this  really sumptuous gravy. I think I'll leave inflated  seal lungs off the menu. But I have a feeling this  seal bacon will be a big  hit with the fishermen. I still need a main course  and with just two days until the cook I'm  running out of time. But fortunately, alaska  has two things in common  with my native scotland. Salmon fishing is plentiful  and the weather is  absolutely bloody freezing. So it's time to get  out the rod and reel. Captain lewis:  Nice day though, at  least we can see today. Gordon: It's beautiful. Southeast alaska is famed  for its amazing king salmon. Josh has been fishing  these waters six days  a week for 15 years. But he assures me  there's still plenty of  fish left in the sea. Gordon: So did you  grow up fishing? Josh: Oh, yeah, my whole life. Gordon: What's the  biggest salmon you caught? Josh: 56 pounds dressed. Gordon: Stop it! When you say "dressed"  what do you mean "dressed"? Josh: That's dressed, it  means the gills are taken out, the guts are taken out. Gordon: (bleep). Catching king salmon  is very difficult but josh agrees to share  some trade secrets. Josh: So I will show you a  couple of baiting techniques. Gordon: Sure, these are you  own specialized techniques so  did your dad show you this? Josh: Yeah, dad showed  me it but dad does it  different than I do. Gordon: Sure. Josh: It's all about  your relationship  with a piece of bait. Gordon: So if we don't  catch anything I'm gonna  blame your technique. Josh: Yeah, sure. Alrighty. Gordon: Come on. Josh: Alright, we'll start  with the threading here. A firecracker,  it's a red herring. Have you ever seen  anything like this before? Gordon: No, not  this technique, no. No. I'm gonna use it when  I get back to scotland. Josh: Yeah, it might work. So now the fun begins. Yeah. Gordon: So, I'm gonna  thread that through. Josh: When you  put it through there  you wanna be careful, the hooks are sharp. Gordon: Yes... Josh: You just wanna go  nice and slow and bring her  through, see nice and easy, nice and easy. Look at that. Like a pro. Gordon: It's a  beautiful technique. Josh: Alrighty. You wanna  grab that rod board, I'll stop  you when she's good. A little bit more. That's good. I'm gonna set that way  back and see if something  might come screaming. Gordon: Come on baby. Josh: Come on. Gordon: I need that fish. Josh, please. Josh: I know.  Gordon: Come on. ♪ wild king,  you make my rod sing ♪ ♪ wild king,  you make my rod sing ♪♪ after two hours of this  the only thing on the line  is my fishing reputation. So, we go inside to warm  up and josh tells me what  bears do in the woods. No, no, no not that. I'm fascinated  by the numbers of bears, you had an encounter  with one recently. Josh: Yes, I did actually. A couple of years back  I was mauled by a bear  on top of a mountain while deer hunting  in hoonah, alaska. Gordon:  (bleep). What happened? Josh: Well we had  been walking through  some brushy area, a sow came  out and attacked me. It ripped my head apart,  my leg, my back, my side. Mauled me up pretty good  and luckily my friend I had  hunting with me was able to shoot her off me and  I was able to survive. Gordon: You're  lucky to be alive. Josh: It's survival  of the fittest, there's no room  for the weak out here. Gordon: No. Eventually we get our  hands on a king salmon. Unfortunately, it was one  that josh caught yesterday. Josh: All right, so here  is a genuine alaskan  winter king salmon. Gordon: Oh wow,  that's a beauty. Look at that, man. Josh: And you can  smell the oil. Gordon: Wow. Look at that. Josh: A distinctive smell.  Gordon: That's beautiful. Shall I filet it, then? Josh: Yes, sure,  that would be great. Gordon: I can't wait  to get a taste of this. At least I know my  cooking skills are way  better than my fishing. My god. I'm going to take  the scales off first. Also, when you take  the scales off it starts to release the oil  from that salmon first. Josh: It looks like you've  done this before a few times. Gordon: Yeah. God, thousands of times. Man, it cuts like butter. Josh, the nice thing about  this is that none of that  stuff goes to waste, right? Josh: None of it. Gordon: So back in the uk an  alaskan king salmon like that, we'd be buying  them from you close to 500 or £600 a fish. Josh: Wow. Gordon: Selling them between  80 and £90 per portion. Josh: Wow. Gordon: It's that rare. I want to hear that  noise, that crackling now. Josh: Oh yeah.  Gordon: In. And see that. And I'll finish that with  a little touch of lemon. Josh: Look at that sizzle,  oh my god. Amazing. Gordon: I've got the best  fisherman in alaska on a boat, so who better to cook for? Josh: Look at that. Oh my gosh, that  smells so good. Gordon: Guys, jump in.  Help yourself, please. Josh: All right-y. Gordon: Look at that,  just the texture. Josh: It tastes even better. Oh man, it just  melts in your mouth. Gordon: We may not have  caught one this morning, but what I do need  is for you to stay out here and catch one for me. Josh: I will.  Gordon: Do you mind?  Josh: Most certainly. It's my promise. Gordon: I've got a big cook  at the end of the week. But that needs to  be the centerpiece. For me, sampling  that magical alaskan white  salmon was just incredible. So fingers cross josh  is not going to come  back empty handed. I'm starting to understand  how hard is to find food  during the alaskan winter. It really is survival  of the fittest out here. But after a hard day's fishing  yesterday I need a drink. So I'm going to break the ice  with a woman who is turning  the local glaciers into somewhat of a delicacy. Michelle, good morning.  May I come aboard, madam? Michelle: Yes, you may.  Gordon: Thank you. Oh man. It's a 90-minute ride  to the tracy arm fjord. Michelle is going to  show me how to harvest free  floating icebergs to turn into pristine ice cubes. I'm a big fan of cocktails. But what's going  to be the significant  difference with the ice coming from the glacier? Michelle: When you  have this type of ice, not only are you having  the best ice in the world, but you're having  the whole experience  of alaska in a glass. Gordon: But it soon became  apparent that this particular  alaskan experience wasn't going to be  confined to that glass, as we hit some  seriously rough seas. Man: Where are  we going, gordon? Gordon: We're going to  the (bleep), we're going... It feels like we're  going (bleep) under. We've arrived at the end  of the tracy arm fjord to search for glacial ice. Michelle: Oh my god,  it's so gorgeous. Gordon: It's beautiful. So we're looking for  what size of ice cube? Michelle: So what we want  to look for is something  that's very rounded. Gordon: Right, what  about that one? That's a... Michelle: No, gordon,  I don't think that  one's going to work. That's like your  own private island. Gordon: Wow, look  at that thing. Josh: Let's try this  one here to the left. The white one at 11:00. Gordon: 10,000  years in the making,  these glaciers produce the purest ice imaginable. Michelle: I like that one. Gordon: Perfect for cocktails. So, the secret behind this is? Michelle: Screwing. Gordon: Screwing these  into the big block? Michelle: Yes. And then after that we're  going to hook it up and we're  going to hoist it on board. Gordon: Got you. This is the most work  I've ever done for a (bleep)  ice cube in my entire life. I hope this is going to  make the best cocktail. Michelle: It's going to be  fabulous, just trust me. Gordon: Right. You ready? Michelle: Yes.  Okay, start screwing. We're going to hook  it up to a d ring, and if  it's not all the way in it's going to crack the ice. You have to kind of be like  over the water, you know,  so you're on top of it. Gordon: (bleep). Michelle: Let's just make  sure they're really down deep. Gordon: Are you  kidding me, michelle? They can't get any  further in there. Michelle: Okay,  let's just test. Gordon: Holy (bleep) my  fingers are (bleep) freezing. Michelle: See, look,  yours is coming out. Gordon: Mine's coming out? Michelle: Yeah, you've  got to get that in deeper. Gordon: Deeper? Michelle: Yeah, you're  not all the way in. When we pull  that up on the winch  it's going to crack. Gordon: (bleep).  Michelle: Perfect. Gordon: Stop,  stop, stop. Good job. Michelle: That was fun. Gordon: Amazing. So, you take that  outer layer off. Michelle:  And then you get to some  of those ice diamonds. Gordon: Look at this. Michelle: Oh, that's gorgeous. Gordon: That is so beautiful. Michelle: Right? Gordon: Look at  that formation. Michelle: Shall we  put that in a glass? Gordon: Shall we? Michelle: Drop it in there. Gordon: Wow. Michelle: Oh, I like  how that, and what do you  think for a little scotch? It's a good one. And now we need a  little vermouth. Gordon: I feel like one of  the luckiest mixologists  anywhere on the planet. Oh my lord, look at that. Look at the colors. Michelle: I think  we've earned it. Gordon: Cheers, good health. Michelle: Cheers. Gordon: Look at that.  What an ice cube. Oh my lord. (muffled coughing) holy (bleep), that's strong. Michelle: I think  it's 110 proof. Gordon: Amazing.  Michelle: Cheers.  Gordon: Well done. I have bars, but I've  never ever touched an ice  cube that's that perfect. And it just tasted so  clean and fresh and slightly  effervescent in the way that it was almost lightly  sort of, um, carbonated. And a great way, I think, to toast the beginning of  this incredible cook with an amazing cocktail laced  with glacier ice cubes. There's only one day  until the cook and I still  don't have a main course. Josh hasn't caught  a salmon yet. But I need a meat dish, so  I've enlisted the help of  a local hunter who has been shooting game for  over 40 years. Gordon: Now I have no luck  with this alaskan king salmon, fingers crossed  I'll catch a grouse. Kenny, how are you, sir? Kenny: There you are. Gordon: Pleasure  meeting you, man. Kenny: Very good to see you. Gordon: You good? Kenny: We're good. Gordon: I've shot  pheasants, but I've never  ever taken down a grouse. What's the secret? Kenny: They're going  to be very, very still  and very hard to see, so you'll be shooting upward likely,  hold slightly low. Gordon: Hold low. Kenny: I've brought you a  real good sporters 12-gauge,  to load it. Gordon:  Yeah. Safety on.  Finger off. Up into the shoulder,  firm, that goes up. And then in the,  beautiful gun. Now talking about  beauties, what's his name? Kenny: This is my  very good friend ash. Gordon: Ash, hey. Hopefully we are in for a  chance with a grouse, right? Kenny: We'll give  it our very best. In the evening,  that setting here for us, they like to roost and they  like to call in the family. And ironically in the  morning they don't want  any part of their buddies. Gordon: You talk about  grouse like an ex-girlfriend. Kenny: I've messed  with them as much. Gordon: After you, sir. Kenny: Here we go. Go. Gordon: In scotland,  sometimes the grouse lay low, but are we looking here in  the trees or on the ground? Kenny: They'll be  very high in a tree. Gordon: Got you. Kenny: Right,  and they might move to  investigate who we are. If you see so  much as a branch wiggle,  watch it very close. They're very camouflaged  and hard to see. Gordon: Wow. I've just spotted some  spruce tips from an old  man's beard here as well. Kenny: Yes. Gordon: So I climbed  up that (bleep) rock  for old man's beard, because he said it's the  only place it's there. And it's all here  on the ground. Kenny: Look, look. Gordon: Hey old man's  beard, there's a big  (bleep) beard over there. Honestly, it's everywhere. Lionel had me scale a  60-foot cliff in hoonah  to pick this stuff. Clearly his warped idea  of welcoming me to alaska. Terrifyingly,  we aren't the only ones  on the hunt for dinner. Kenny: Small moose tracks. Gordon: That's a small moose? They've got bigger  feet than me. Kenny:  They're a large critter. Gordon: How big  are the moose here? Kenny: They can be  1200 to 1500 pounds. Gordon: (bleep). What do you  do if we see one? Kenny: We'll just  hope it runs away. Gordon: But if it  runs towards us? Kenny: Well. Gordon: It's going  to charge us. Kenny: I can run  faster than you. Gordon: (bleep). Kenny:  Back, kinda close to that  tree. Gordon: Yes. Time for my first  lesson in the alaskan  art of grouse hunting. (animal call). Kenny:  If it flies on the other  side of these little trees, just shoot it like those  trees aren't eve there. (animal call). Gordon: In an effort  to lure the grouse to us, kenny displays more of his  impressive repertoire. (chest thumping) gordon: That would have  been a good shot had it been  a grouse and not a branch. Kenny is unique and  that guy lives to hunt. However, they didn't come  down to roost and that's what  happens on these islands. You can't give up. But with no meat  and no fish I might have  to give up if josh doesn't come through with that  salmon he promised me for tomorrow's big cook. During my week in  alaska I've excelled at  not catching hypothermia, fish or game. But now it's time  to meet chef lionel  to prepare our feast. Hopefully I'll have more  success in the kitchen. Lionel! Lionel: Gordon!  Hey, you're alive! Gordon: I made it, bud.  Lionel: Oh, how was it? Gordon: Oh my god.  Lionel: How was hoonah? Gordon: Crazy.  No salmon yet. Apparently, josh  said he's on his way.  But what an experience. Lionel: Yeah,  what did you learn? Gordon: I scaled  a chimney rock, that was windy and  waving, crumbling as well. The most amazing glacier ice. And then, you know,  on this incredible hunt  for grouse, salmon. And then got to meet owen  from the clinket community  who literally gave us this sort of  a to z of a seal. I'm not too sure  if that's going to play  in my restaurant in london, but you never know. Fingers crossed that  salmon arrives soon because  it's freezing out here and the guests will be  arriving any minute. Everyone keeps  telling me that alaska  is all about survival. I just hope I can make  it through this cook. Gordon: I spent a week  wrapping my head around  the bounty of food that alaska has to offer. Get that pestle and mortar in. Now it's time to  test my skills and prepare  a meal that compliments this rugged terrain. Josh: Hey gordon,  how you doing? Good to see you. Gordon: Am I happy to see you. Josh: Yeah, I brought  you the king that  you have so desired. Gordon: Look at that beauty. Thank god josh came  through with that salmon. King salmon had to  be the main staple for this  cook because when we get our hands on those back in  europe it's a prize asset. I'm serving this incredible  wild salmon three ways. Right, I'm going  to cut them into the  most amazing portions. It's hours old, you know,  it's good enough to eat  raw right there and then. And look at that belly  on there, my god. Lionel: Wow, that's some  beautiful king you got there. Gordon:  It's amazing, honestly. Thank goodness for josh. But look at that. Lionel: Look at that,  that's beautiful. Gordon: My first  dish is gravlax. I'm making a marinade  of spruce tips, juniper  berries and gin. I'm actually going to  cure that in the snow. Who needs a fridge  in this temperature? Lionel: Well, no,  that's pretty ballsy. Gordon: Yeah. Lionel makes a start  on his first dish. A traditional seafood chowder. Lionel: Really  beautiful spot prawns. Just peel them  down to the tail. Gordon: I may have  agreed to cook outside  in brave alaskan spirit, but that doesn't mean  I have to like it. Christ. Lionel: Oh, it's not too bad. Gordon: That's not too bad?  Oh my god. Lionel: Not too bad.  You'll be fine. Gordon: I'm going to  have to keep on coming back  in here to defrost my fingers so I can feel them again,  you know that. Lionel continues  preparing his chowder, adding the halibut cheeks, an octopus and searing  them in pork fat. As I prepare the  cure for my gravlax. Gordon: So I made  this really nice paste, season it with  salt and sugar. Then lionel heats up  his homemade fish stock. And my boozy  marinade is ready to  layer onto the salmon. I'm just going to  cover that on there. I've got that really nice,  sort of wild mountainy  flavor in there. One perk to cooking  alfresco, this. Stashing the salmon in the  snow for an hour to chill. (bleep). For lionel's second  dish he's smoking black  cod in the smoke house, for a harvest board  of alaskan treats. Smart, smart. Nice. So, I put my salmon  belly on the bottom. And for my second  dish I'll be smoking  the salmon belly to layer onto my pumpernickel toast. Unimpressed with my toast, lionel is now whipping  up a homemade loaf to go with his seafood stew. Lionel: So this is about  ready to rock and roll. I just wanted to show you,  I'm going to go ahead and shape it and  then put it in the... Gordon: So you're going to  bake the bread in open fire? Lionel: Yes. Gordon: Amazing.  And will it be as crusty? Lionel: It will  be really crusty. Gordon: His loaf may be  delicious, but I've got  the perfect ingredient guaranteed to get the  alaskan seal of approval. Right, I'm going  to toast my bread now. So I'm going  to literally get this  pumpernickel bread and I've got some  of that seal fat. Lionel: Oh, exciting. Gordon: So I'm going to  grill that on top of there. It's lightly smoked  as well, by the way. Whilst lionel checks  the seasoning of his stew, I'm making a  spread for the toast out of horse radish  and crème fraiche. I'm using some of that  blood orange as well, okay? Lionel: Do you need  help with anything? Gordon: No, you seem  sort of calm and collected, I'm the one running behind. But we're getting there. How's that bread? Lionel: Oh.  Let's check it out. Gordon: Oh wow,  look at that. That is incredible. You have got that crust  on there, haven't you? Lionel: Nice and hot as well. Gordon: That is amazing. Lionel: Nice. Gordon: I'm now cooking  my final dish, and yep, you've guessed it, salmon again in  a beurre blanc sauce, served with potatoes,  cooked with owen's seal bacon. So I've got some of this  seal bacon from owen. What do you think? Lionel: That smells  really good, gordon. Gordon: Does it? Lionel: Thanks for  being out here. Gordon:  You're welcome. Honestly. Lionel: I know you're  freezing your ass off. Gordon: I have frozen  my ass off (bleep)  week man, oh my god. Lionel: Are you cold?  Let me, here, here. Gordon: No, no,  honestly, I'm fine! Lionel: I wore my  favorite shirt for you. Gordon: Trust me,  no, no, no, honestly. I'll get there. Stop it! Lionel: I'm serious. Gordon: Honestly,  my mum's watching. Lionel: No,  come on, here, here. Gordon: Honestly,  I'll be fine. Lionel: It's okay.  It's okay. It's okay. Gordon: I'm toughening up. Lionel: Okay, I'm  taking it back because  it's (bleep) cold. Gordon: It is  (bleep) freezing. Behave yourself! Delicious. Lionel: Oh hey,  the guests are here! Gordon: What?  Lionel: Hey guys! Gordon: Oh no, seriously? I'm out of time. Lionel: How's everyone doing? Gordon: Damn. So, I need to distract  the fishermen the  only way I know how. Alcohol. Gordon: Let me  get them a drink. Damn. Lionel: Can I help  you with anything? Gordon: No, honestly  I'll be fine. Lionel: All right. Gordon: So, to kick  off a meal like that and to celebrate with  an incredible gin, local gin with those  ice cubes harvested  from that glacier, it's the most  perfect but simplest  cocktail on that planet. Hello. Woman: Hello. Gordon: A little gin and  tonic, help yourself please. Man: Oh wow. Gordon: Gentlemen. Cheers, by the way. Everyone: Cheers! Gordon: Time to plate  up my salmon dishes. Gravlax with honey mustard  sauce, smoked belly on  pumpernickel toast, grilled salmon served with spruce tip  beurre blanc, and potatoes  cooked with owen's seal fat. Up against lionel's  harvest board of smoked  meats and his fire cooked loaf with seafood stew. Thank you. Here we go. Whey! Group: Wallase! Gordon: Oh man. There. Woman: Is it a little  chilly for you, chef? Gordon: It is freezing. Come on. Woman: Thank you so much. Gordon: Excellent. Tough one cooking for a  table of fishermen that  really know their stuff. Woman: Here we go. Gordon: Also, they  get to taste this kind of  ingredient on a daily basis. Man: I mean, all the  stuff on the charcuterie tray; there's a lot  going on there. Woman: Have you had the soup? It's got that umami  thing going on. Gordon: All going well? Lionel: Yeah, I think  everyone is enjoying  and everyone is smiling. Man 2: Have you ever  got salmon that is  cooked to perfection, where it's under cooked slightly and you can  see that orange in it? Man: You know you can leave  it kind of raw in the middle  and serve it like tuna and it's like oh my god! Man 2: Delicious.  Very good. Gordon: When he sees  that salmon in so many ways, for a guy that hunts on  a daily basis for salmon, yet he's still excited,  it's so good to see. Everyone: To fresh  fish, alaskan fish! Gordon: It's judgement time. Everyone: Woo. Yeah! Lionel: Hey guys. Gordon: Good to see you. Honestly. Man, I'm going to take  my hat off for the  first time all day. We good? Woman: Really good. Man: Really enjoying it. It's almost all gone. Woman: We're just  being polite. Gordon: That is  a happy problem. What did you think of the  gravlax on the water cress? Woman 2: It was a little  salty, but focusing on the  spruce tips really kind of balanced that out a bit  after I took a second helping. Lionel: How was the stew? Woman 2: I just didn't  feel like it really fit well. Gordon: Man,  these guys are tough. That stew was delicious. Woman: And I was  just the opposite. I just felt like  all of these different  flavors came together, it had that whole  umami thing going on. And I just loved it. Gordon: How was the salmon? Man 2: Most of us never buy a salmon in a restaurant because it's usually over cooked, but that was  cooked to perfection. And that needs to be  a feature somewhere. It was amazing,  it was amazing. Man: I think everybody  appreciated that you  didn't over cook it. Lionel: So do you guys  feel like he's captured  the spirit of alaska in the time that he's been here? Woman: Yes.  Everyone: Yes, absolutely. Gordon: Oh boy, I've  had a fantastic week. From a chef's point  of view, getting that  close to the source, we say it on a daily basis, the better the ingredient the little that needs doing it. And alaska has  literally come up trumps  from my culinary world. So, can I come back? Woman: Yes!  Oh my gosh, please do. Man: To you! Cheers! Gordon: When you're  closer to the action  like I've been all week, it makes it  so much more magical. But then the stories of  being mauled by a bear and hunting and  surviving out here and just how tough it is,  it's pretty difficult. But here in south east  alaska they've learned to  adapt and I've witnessed an incredible culinary  resourcefulness. Embracing the native culture, hunting and gathering,  delicious wild ingredients. They've made the best  of a brutal environment. Their sense of community  has allowed them to not  only survive, but thrive. Thank you. God bless. Lionel: Thank you. Gordon: Chef, good  to see you, man. I'm coming back, okay?  Hopefully when  the snow is gone! Captioned by cotter  captioning services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 