Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted 
 s1e5 - The Mighty Mekong of Laos - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Mighty Mekong of Laos - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Man: This is one of the  best foods in the forest. Gordon: What is it?  Man: Ant larvae. Gordon: That's it there?  Man: That's it. Gordon: Okay, so it looks like  a bit of a coconut from here. Man: You've got to  give it a good shake. Yep. Gordon: I've been  shopping for eggs before,  but not quite like this. (bleep), ah,  they're sharp, (bleep). And it's raining with (bleep)  ants everywhere here. (bleep). This is the 4000  island region of the mekong  river in southern laos. And the mekong is the life  blood of this incredible  landlocked country. What an amazing place. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Running from north to south, the mighty mekong  is laos' backbone. Part highway, part  water supply and crucially  a vital source of food, which I'm told  is bloody delicious. Amazing, amazing,  amazing, amazing. But from what I've heard,  trying to get my hands on this  amazing food won't be easy. Laotians go to extreme lengths  to source their ingredients. And I'm here to  learn their secrets. My adventure begins  in the deep south, on the  banks of the khone falls. I'm meeting a chef who  I hope can give me the  lowdown on laos cuisine. And after all that paddling,  I'm hoping he's laid on lunch. Good to see you. Joi: Hi, good to see you. Gordon: Likewise.  What an amazing river! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Joi: Yeah, it is. Gordon: With one of  the top-rated restaurants  in the country, joi ngueamboupha is  passionate about laos food. Celebrating its unique blend  of flavors that can't be found  anywhere else in the world. First of all, an absolute  pleasure because you've helped  put laos cuisine in the map. I'm dying to get to understand  for the laos cuisine. Gordon: Right. Gordon: Wow,  that's incredible. What is he doing over there?  That crazy man. Gordon: I mean, not  the safest place to fish. Joi: Because very strong water? Gordon: Yes. Joi: So that the  fish more tasty. Gordon: Wow. Gordon: Wow. So by  fighting the current they get  a little bit more tastier? Joi: More tasty  and more exercise. Gordon: Wow.  More exercise? Joi: More exercise. Gordon: And so there's a big  difference between fish being caught down here than  there is over the other  side of the rapids? Joi: Yes. Gordon: It's just so  dangerous, he's almost like  on the edge of the rock. Gordon: Me?  Joi: Yeah. Gordon: It's dangerous, right?  Joi: Not really. Gordon: Not really.  Um, yeah, I beg to differ. Khone falls are the  widest in the world. And 2.5 million gallons  of water crash over  these rocks every second. I was hoping for  lunch, but this wasn't  what I had in mind. What in the  (bleep) are we doing? Seriously? You sure this will  take my weight, joy? Joi: Yeah, I'm sure, yeah. Gordon: (bleep)  where are we going? Man. Local fisherman  mr. Senchan has been  risking his life, sorry, catching these prized  mekong fish for decades. (bleep) joy, these fish better taste (bleep) delicious! This is crazy. Traditional cast  net fishing has been practiced  for thousands of years. Elbow. But I've just minutes  to get the hang of it. Joi: Hand there. Gordon: Hold? Happy. Ready? This is not a good idea. Gordon: Yes.  Joi: Oh, come on! Gordon: (bleep) oh (bleep). I'll tell you what, they make  it look so easy but there  is nothing easy in this. That's an edgy place to fish. It's the force of that  water inches away from you. And one slip and you're gone. Joy, this time we're  going to catch something. Gordon: Yes! Here we go.  Joi: Wow. Pull it in! Gordon: Yeah, nothing. There's got to be an  easier way of catching  fish here, surely. Joi: Come on! Gordon: (bleep) nothing! Gordon: What?  Joi: Yeah, he's caught... Gordon: So you're  telling me it's not  the right time of day? Holy (bleep). (bleep), joy,  there's no joy in this! Thankfully mr. Senchan  takes pity on me and kindly  shares his morning catch. Oh my god.  And was that here? Joi: Yes. Gordon: Look at those beauties. They are gorgeous. Right, let's go eat  some before we get killed! Joi: Yeah, yeah. Gordon: Now this is  a traditional way of  cooking this, right? Joi: Yes, yes. You usually in laos people,  like every weekend with  friends we go to fishing, maybe barbecue  along the river. Gordon: And you wrap  that in a banana leaf. Joi: Yes, with  a bamboo skewer. And also inside we  stuff with lemon grass. Gordon: That  smells incredible. Before his culinary  calling, joy spent  seven years as a monk. Joi: I learn a lot and  also in the temple I  learn a lot about food. Gordon: Wow. Do you think  that's why you wanted to  become a chef as a monk? Joi: Yes. Gordon: And still today the  monks are highly respected. Joi: Yes. In the  next few days I'm going  to cook for the temple if you would  like to help me. Gordon: Wow, you  want me to cook? Joi: Yes.  Gordon: For the monks? Joi: Yes.  Gordon: At the temple? Joy's set me a mission  to cook for the monks. They are a, it's  almost like royalty here. Gordon: The monks  at wutcontai temple,  like monks all over laos, rely on the generosity  of their neighbors to eat. Though money is tight, locals prepare daily  feasts for them in the hope  of receiving a blessing. (speaking in native language). Look at that. Oh yes, that's  come out beautiful. Man, that fish is so soft. I'm dying to taste that. Gordon: Cooking for such  highly esteemed guests  will be a real challenge. But joy tells me  there's an added twist. The scary thing  for me is that it needs  to be served at 11, because after midday  they cannot eat until  the following morning. So, I've got my work cut out. That's so delicious. I've less than a week to get  to grips with laos cuisine and  prepare a feast at the temple. I'm not saint, so to boost  my karma credit rating, I  have to make sure I nail it. That is really delicious,  thank god. Because that is  the most dangerous fish  I've ever helped catch. So, with the challenge  set, I'm hitting the river. Along the bank of the mekong,  the rice paddies yield  all manner of surprising delicacies for the  self-sufficient locals. So joy's friend utah has  brought me to meet rice farmer  mr. Ten and his family, hello. (speaking in native language). How are you?  You good? Nice to see you. Hello. What kinds of foods are  you sourcing from here? Because I see the  river that side and the  paddy fields that side. (speaking in native language). Utah: Frogs.  Gordon: Frogs. Utah: Toe bites.  Gordon: Hold on,  toe bites, as in? Utah: Toe bites, the one that  basically bite your toes. Gordon: Insects  that bite your toes? Utah: Yes, exactly. Gordon: Wow.  Utah: Yes, all yummy. Gordon: All yummy?  Utah: All yummy. Gordon: Amazing.  Amazing, amazing, amazing. Let's go. Toe biters,  what size are these things? The rice fields are only  a short walk away, but  like men around the world, mr. Ten loves to show  off his souped-up ride. I feel like I'm on my  granddad's lawnmower with half my grandma's  washing machine in front. Utah: Good comparison.  Gordon: What a contraption. This is his custom-built  iron buffalo and he's  letting me take the reins. How do we start? (speaking in native language). Utah: Cycling. Oh, there's a string for the speed. Gordon: Okay, so that's  the acceleration pedal? Utah: That's right, yeah.  Acceleration pedal. Gordon: That's slow  and that's fast? (speaking in native language). Utah: You pull this up  first, so after this. Gordon: Oh okay, so  that's like the handbrake  and this is the gear. Utah: Exactly.  Gordon: And seatbelts? (speaking in native language). Gordon: No, I'm joking.  We ready? Let's go. (engine starts) let's go, captain. Kids, buffaloes,  frogs, get out the way! Utah: Oh my god.  Oh my god! Gordon: (bleep). (screams) owly, slowly! Gordon: (bleep). This may not be  the safest ride, but I definitely feel  safer than the people  walking in front of me. Oh jeez. Utah: Oh man. Oh man. Gordon: Hello! (bleep). Utah: Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh. Stop, stop. Stop, stop,  go around. Stop, stop! Gordon: (bleep), this  thing's a death trap. Utah: Oh man.  Gordon: Man. On my quest to discover  the best local food to  serve at a feast for monks, mr. Ten leads me to  a field that he assures me  is full of laos delicacies. (speaking in native language). Utah: He's looking  for toe biters. Gordon: Life here is tough. Some families  survive on just $5 a day. So foraging for insects  provide much needed protein, flavor and if you're  not careful, flesh wounds. Here's one,  here's one here! (bleep) utah: Oh, careful  he's going to bite you! Gordon: (bleep), they're  sharp, those things. Can you get him? Here's one here. Look at that,  the size of them. And what do they do?  Boil them, grill them? (speaking in native language). Utah: Barbecue first and  then make a dipping sauce. Gordon: Hey, another one. Utah: Oh, you're good. Gordon: (bleep),  they're like large beetles. Utah: Oh, man! Gordon: What was that?  What was that? Utah: A beetle. Gordon: Man, they're fast,  these little bugs are. Ah, (bleep)! Frog! Mr. Ten! (speaking in native language). Gordon: Wow.  Bloody hell. Look at him, huh,  he's beautiful. Is he too small to eat? (speaking in native language). Utah: Too small? Gordon: While mr. Ten  takes the toe biters  back to the kitchen... Me in that one? Utah: Yes.  Gordon: Oh man, really? His sons take me  out on the river. Now at 210 pounds I just  hope I don't sink this thing. Woo, (bleep). The mekong is the  second most bio-diverse  river in the world. It's full of fish that I  failed to net, but it's also  filled with delicious snails. Finally, prey I'm  fast enough to catch! This place is beautiful. So, where are they? Gordon: Underneath the weeds?  Utah: Underneath, yeah. Gordon: Okay, great. Let's go!  Utah: I'm not going! Gordon: You're not going?  Utah: No, I'm staying here. Gordon: Why?  Utah: Just in case  I have to rescue you. Gordon: In case  you have to what? Utah: Rescue you!  Gordon: Rescue me? Utah: Yes.  Gordon: Woo, that's fresh. Utah: Careful.  Gordon: Aye-aye-aye-aye-aye. (bleep). (bleep).  It's a strong current. (bleep). In these strong currents I  look less like michael phelps  and more like michael palin. It's a lot harder  than you think, right? Utah: It is, it is. Gordon: It's not (bleep)  easy to put food on the  table in this country. Caught one! Utah: Oh, well done. Gordon: Look at those. How are you getting  so many in one hand? Further in front. Utah: Further. Gordon: Got another one. Utah: Oh, what's that?  Is it a clam? Gordon: It looks like a clam. Utah: A clam, yeah.  Wow, well done. Gordon: This is going to  take me all bloody day! I mean, just look at  that, they're small. Let's just  hope they're tasty. I've done over 500 dives,  that dive was one of  the most difficult because you can't dive in a meter and  a half of water when you've  got a current that strong. After a hard day's graft,  mr. Ten and his family  teach me how they cook toe biters using  traditional bamboo skewers. And then through. How many times a week  would you eat these? (speaking in native language). Once a week? Utah: Once a week, yeah. Gordon: So it's  regarded as a delicacy? Utah: Yes. Turn it up. Gordon: So you grill  them over the charcoal? Utah: Yes.  Gordon: Amazing. Utah: Remove the wing.  Gordon: Right. Ah. Ah. Just that? Wow. (bleep), here we go. Utah: Crunchy, chewy. Gordon: Wow. That actually  tastes almost like a, sort of the inside  of a lobster carcass. It's very sweet.  That's delicious.  Really good. They don't look  appetizing, but my god,  get inside that head, it's like a sort of  cross between a sweet  lobster and a crab meat. And yeah, packed with protein. Big surprise.  Amazing. Snails. Ah, look, he's got one there. Thank you. Amazing. Gordon: Roll that up tight. It's like a snail  lettuce roll. Utah: Snail roll,  yeah. How's it? Mr ten: Okay?  Gordon: It's delicious.  Better than okay. (speaking in native language). These snails are very meaty. So not only do we harvest the  most amazing rice, but we've  got this bounty of ingredients that is expensive protein,  because they taste delicious. The effort it takes  to create just one  meal here is humbling. At home we have snails  with garlic butter, fancy  tongs and stupid shells. This is delicious. I'd love to serve some of  these critters to the monks, but I'd be here all  week catching them. And there just isn't time. It's just 48 hours  into the monk's banquet, and I've still  got a lot to learn. So, I'm heading to a remote  village where I've heard there's a forest that  packs a punch of flavors. I was given  two travel options. I drive down a dirt  road that would take hours, or a short cut. This is the  (bleep) short cut. Mick. Mick: Hey!  Gordon: Good morning. Mick: Great to meet you.  Gordon: Likewise,  but good to see you. Mick: Excellent yeah.  Gordon: What an amazing place. Mick: It really is.  Gordon: Man! Australian adventurer,  mick o'shea, has been exploring  this region for decades. He's promised to get  me there in one piece. How difficult is  that going to be? Mick: There's certainly  some challenges. We've got some very  strong whirl-pools. Gordon: Right. Mick: You don't  want to swim here. Gordon: (bleep). Mick tells me the  locals call these  falls the spirit trap. After the demons  believed to be caught  beneath these rapids. Ophf. Man I have  it fast down there. And, I'm beginning  to understand why, (bleep). Mick: Now generally we want  to stay in the middle, okay. Because, along the edge  the water's very fast. You don't really want to  get scraped along the rocks. There's whirl-pools  downstream, 200 meters  down there, they, they can suck one, someone  down for quite a few seconds. Gordon: Right, right. Mick: If that happens,  you've really just got to  focus on holding your breath. Gordon: Right. Mick: The, the currents are so  strong that swimming against any sort of current  here it's a losing battle. How are you  feeling about this? Gordon: Yeah, a  little bit nervous. Mick: If your adrenaline  wasn't pumping now,  I'd be a bit worried. I'd probably wouldn't  want you going down there. Because this is a  serious undertaking. Gordon: Yep. The things I do for food. Mick: Alright, let's do it. Gordon: (bleep), thank you.  A bit nervous. Mick: Are you ready gordon? Gordon: Yes sir.  Mick: On three.  One! Two! Three! Mick: Are you ready, gordon? Gordon: Yes, sir. Mick: On three.  One! Two! Three! Lean over, lean over left.  Lean left, lean left. That's good.  Keep leaning left. But, keep leaning left. Gordon: When mick  said, "do you want to take  a short cut to the forest", I didn't realize that meant  risking life and limb. Mick: Okay, straighten  up, straighten up. Straighten up, back on  the left, back on the left. Paddle forward. Keep that angle. Keep more to the left. Gordon: But, given the  extremes I've experienced  so far in this country, I shouldn't have been surprised. Mick: Excellent.  Paddle straight. Straighten up!  Straighten up!  More to the left. Gordon: (bleep), alright.  Mick: Nailed it. Gordon: (bleep).  Mick: Alright. Gordon: Honestly,  that was cool hey. Mick: That was insane.  Gordon: Whoa! Mick: You done a great  job there gordon. Gordon: Man, (bleep). Mick: Well done, mate. Gordon: Oh boy, (bleep)! Mick: Great work, hey! Gordon: That was insane. Magical, brilliant,  but it's tough in there. I'm just hoping that  this village, you know, is going to  deliver some magic. Because that was a  journey and a half. Back on dry land, it's into  the ban han cong forest for  a lesson on laos flavors. Oh man, this is deep now. But of course, adrenaline  junkie, mick, insists on  another dodgy short cut. It's not going to  take you and I. Mick: Exactly. I think we spread, space ourselves out. Gordon: (bleep),  I mean, really? Mick: Just watch that  next bit gordon, it's  like a little bit wobbly. Gordon: (bleep), what  is wrong with you? Mick: Here we are.  This is, this is the village. Gordon: We're here?  Mick: Yep. Gordon: People in the isolated  village of han cong noi,  rely on the forest to survive. Mick: Hey, mr. Muang. (speaking in native language). Mick: How are you?  How are you? Oh hang on. Gordon: Mr. Muang is laos  answer to daniel boone. I'm hoping his knowledge  of forest flavors  can inspire a winning menu for the discerning monks. You have the most  amazing garden. It's almost like this  perfect market,  stroke, supermarket. Mick: Wait till you  see mr. Muang out  in the forest man. He's amazing. (speaking in native language). Gordon: That's incredible. It is beautiful in here.  Really beautiful. Gordon: Looks like a bay leaf.  Mick: It does. Gordon: That's bitter,  isn't it? Mick: Mm, it is, it is. A lot of ingredients in  laos food, which, on their  own, you wouldn't enjoy. Gordon: No. Mick: But by balancing  them with other flavors  it really changes it. Gordon: Yeah.  That's incredible. Those leaves, yeah,  quite juicy inside. But very sour.  Yeah, pretty remarkable. What's that? Mick: That's rohtang. It's covered in  horrific thorns. You've got to be  really careful working  with this stuff. It's quite a fibrous,  sweet, flesh underneath. Gordon: So we're eating  the center of it? Mick: Yes, exactly. Gordon: Bloody hell. Thank you. Mick: A bit off,  that's it. Yep. Gordon: It's almost  like a heart of palm. Mick: Exactly, that's  basically what it is. Gordon: In europe we forage  for mushrooms, vegetables. This is taking foraging  to a completely new level. I mean, every 2 or 3 meters  there's something different. A leaf, a flower. It is like a garden of  eden, because everything you  touch, pick, you can eat. What's the next aisle. Mick: Ah, you're going  to like this gordon. This is one of the  best foods in the forest. Ant larvae. Gordon: Ants larvae?  Mick: Yep, yep, yep. They actually have  a citrus flavor. So, I'll see, you know,  it's a bit like having,  like, lemon juice or lime juice  sprinkled over protein. Gordon: But, where are they? Mick: They're actually  up in the trees. These ants, like they sew  the leaves together and  make a nest in the trees. Gordon: Wow. (speaking in native language). Mick: Alright, he's asked  if you can give him a hand. So, it's definitely  a two-man job. That piece of bamboo is  probably like 10 meters long. Come on gordi. Gordon: That's it there.  Mick: That's it. Gordon: I can release it? Mick: Get under it.  You've got to give  it a good shake. Gordon: Oh, it's like shaking  the ants into the basket. We want to take the best out. Mick: That's right. Gordon: (bleep).  Man: Yep. Gordon: (bleep)! It's raining with  (bleep) ants everywhere here. (laughs). Gordon: (bleep), ugh!  (bleep)! Mick: Well, the thing  with these ants, right, is that when they're  grumpy they excrete acid,  so they bite your skin and then they squirt  the equivalent of  lime juice into it. Gordon: (bleep), ugh!  They're sharp. (bleep), watch out. My eggs! My eggs!  Don't break my eggs. Mick: Oh no, no,  it's alright. Gordon: (bleep). I've been  shopping for eggs before, but not quite like this. I'm constantly impressed by  the lengths these laotians  will go to for food. Risking a hail storm of  aggressive fighting ants, just to add a little citrus  flavor to their foods. That's wild. What an amazing  little kitchen this is. Mick: Isn't it? (speaking in native language). Gordon: Mr. Muang's daughter's  show me how these ants spice up a tom  kha phak soup. And face the question every  chef asks in the kitchen. Can I help? Mick: In the pestle  there she's got,  chili, lime, and salt. Gordon: What an amazing  kitchen you have here. And any chance we can turn  the air-condition on? (bleep). Mick: I don't even  think they'd know what  you're talking about. Gordon: Electricity arrived in  this region just 10 years ago. But most people still use  traditional charcoal stoves  which have two settings. Hot and (bleep) hot. And so, they are  the, that's the ants? Mick: That's your annex, yeah,  yeah, mixed in with the ants. Gordon: Wow. They're delicious. They look like little maggots. Mick: They pretty much are. Gordon: So, we're going to  finish the soup with the ants. (speaking in native language). Mick: Yes, that's right. A bunch of those herbs that  we've collected in the forest. A bunch of them are  in that soup already. Gordon: That's incredible. (speaking in native language). Mick: Ah, so we've got  coriander and spring  onions in there. So, put it all in she said. Gordon: Ants! I mean,  they had this citrus flavor of a, almost like little tiny particles of a lime and a lemon. And they were finishing  the soup with that. I think it's delicious.  Delicious. Had this zesty, sort of, you  know, freshness to the soup. Really good. And do the men  cook in the village? (speaking in native language). Mick: In this village  only the girls cook. Gordon: Trust me  this is hard work. Gordon: I'm a cook. (laughs). Taste buds are on fire. I think I'm starting  to lay those, those  foundations of laos food. The finishing of the herbs. The chili's, it's sour. A touch of sweetness  in there as well. If you told me a week ago  I'd be making ant soup, I'd  have said, "you're crazy". But it will make a great addition to the menu for the monks in a couple of days' time. After surviving cast net  fishing, extreme rapids, toe  biters, and stinging ants, today I'm embracing  the laotian saying,  "please don't rush". So, with that in mind,  I'm heading to don tan island to sample a local  liquor known as lao-lao. Wow, look at those? They're chilling out. They're on holiday. Cafe owner nang, is taking me  to meet a local whisky maker. She has two  important jobs today. Translator and drinking buddy. We know this moonshine  is super strong, right? Nang: Yeah.  Gordon: Okay. So, not to  be drunk during the day. A little sip in  the evening, right? Nang: Local people are  here every morning. 7:00 a.M. Like, one shot.  Two shot. (laughs). Gordon: 7:00 a.M.?  Nang: Yeah. Gordon: Oh dear.  Nang: For breakfast. Gordon: Work hard. Be happy.  And drink moonshine. Nang: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.  Thank you, gordon. Gordon: Where is the man?  Nang: Just here. (speaking in native language). Nang: This is mister sin,  the moonshine man. Gordon: Mr. Sin.  Nice to see you. Nang: This is gordon.  He's from london. Gordon: How long has he  been making moonshine? (speaking in native language). Nang: More than  20 year he said. Gordon: 20 years. Wow! But look at that  coming through. Nang: Yeah. Gordon: I'd been warned,  this local hooch can top  out at around 120 proof. So... Oof, it  smells very strong. Given how extreme everything  I've experienced in laos is, I hope this won't  make me blind. Ready? Nang: Yeah, try it. Gordon: Oof, it  smells very strong. So far, I've risked life  and limb on my culinary  adventure in laos. But now, I risk my reputation  as a proud scotsman, and  sample some local rice whisky. This is what I was born for. Cheers! Ready? Nang: Yeah, try it.  Oh, me? Okay. Gordon: (bleep). (bleep)  nang: Ah! (coughs). Are you trying to kill me? (coughs). Nang: This one is the... Gordon: My lips are numb. (speaking in native language). Forget the monks. It's almost forced me  into a vow of silence. Imported liquor is  far too expensive for  most laotian people. So, they get their hard  stuff from mr. Sing, laos  answer to jack daniels. Apologize about  the white legs. We don't get much  sunshine in scotland. Only slightly whiter than  my legs, the sticky rice  has a high starch content, the perfect base  for whisky. Onto the table. After it's steamed and washed,  yeast is added, and it's  fermented for several days. If I was to make  moonshine like this in  the highlands of scotland, you'd get  me put into prison. (speaking in native language). (shouting in native language). Gordon: Whose that shouting? Nang: He come to buy the  laos whisky, the moonshine. Gordon: He wants moonshine? Nang: Hello, I have some. Gordon: You got some ready? That's the moonshine in here? (speaking in native language). How much? Nang: 50,000 kip,  it's like $6. Gordon: $6. As well  as making the moonshine, mr. Sing appears to run the local drive-through, hello sir. Brewed by the finest. Good to see you. Nice to see you. A little taste?  A little sample? (speaking in native language). Nang: Very good  he say. Very good. Gordon: 50,000 kip. Enjoy. (speaking in native language). Take care. And just when you  thought things couldn't  get any more bonkers! What is that? Nang: That is  gecko and a herb. Gordon: You marinated  the geckoes in whisky? Nang: My friend make it. Gordon: No! No-oh-oh!  No-oh-hoh! Those poor bastards. Pouf! I put vanilla in my spirits. You put gecko's. Nang: You can try. Yeah, very good. Gordon: That actually  tastes better. Yeah, no, it's good. Nang: Eat more.  Gordon: It's very sweet. Nang: Yeah, come from  the herb and we make some  special herb this one, but it's secret. Gordon: Secret herbs.  Nang: Secret. Gordon: With geckoes, inside. But the flavor is extraordinary. Nang: Uh hum.  Gordon: Mmm. Mr. Sing,  thank you. You are a true legend. Nang: Yeah, it's nice. Gordon: Thank you.  Man, those poor gecko's. How can you do that to them?  They are our pets in England. Nang: Oh uh!  Gordon: Oh uh! Gordon: I'm not sure  serving paint stripper  to the monks tomorrow will earn me good karma. But, if I burn off  the alcohol, I reckon it will  make a heavenly banana flambé. Now that's a sunrise. Joi: Yeah, well  it's beautiful. Gordon: That is beautiful. It switches the light on,  on the mekong doesn't it? It lights it up. It's feast day and I'm back  with chef joi, and in laos the  early bird catches the worm. Then probably  puts it in whisky. The pressures on to  get everything bought,  cooked, served. Joi: Yeah. Gordon: We want to have  some happy monks today. Joi: Yeah, yeah. Gordon: We need fish. And because the monks  have to eat early, before my  kids are usually out of bed, joi decides the only  option is to buy it. Amazing. Look at that. I mean that is  literally on the river bank. These two are  beautiful, right? Joi: Yeah, this one, catfish.  Gordon: They look great. Joi: Yeah.  Gordon: Look at  the colors of those. Joi: Yeah, shall  we get two of them? Gordon: Yeah. (speaking in native language). Thank you. They're  beautiful aren't they. What do they cost altogether? Joi: 40,000 kip. Gordon: A steal.  At just $5. Joi: That's good yeah?  Shall we carry on. Gordon: Thank you.  With more ingredients  still to get, we've got to crack on,  to not be late for the monks. So, it's pedal to  the metal, or not? I do think I can walk  quicker than this taxi. The daily nagazon  market is packed full of  incredible mekong produce. Look at these fish here. Gordon: Fermented fish? Gordon: Padek? Gordon: Rice. Gordon: It smells amazing. Gordon: Soup, yeah. Gordon: Yeah. Gordon: That's delicious. Joi: Yeah.  Gordon: That's  really delicious. Everything is not just  only super fresh, but no  one's using refrigeration. Joi: No, no, no. Gordon: That's the reason  why we got everything. Joi: Get everything fermented  and, fresh fermented, yeah. Gordon: Fermented fish. I mean, what a great way  of finishing those stews. It's all starting to  make sense, cause here's  like the heartbeat. I've seen it all come  into one little zone now. How amazing all this is. Joi: Yes, the bok choy. Do you know they grow  it along the mekong? Gordon: This is grown  on the mekong as well? Joi: Yeah, yeah. Gordon: We've collected all  our ingredients, and there's  just time for a little pick-me-up before we cook. I was hoping  for a quick coffee, but joi wants me to try the  local stimulant, beetle nut. Joi: Take that leaf and  you put the beetle nut in. So, this beetle  nut, they grow along  the river bank. Gordon: Okay. Again, so  much alongside the river. Joi: Yes. And (inaudible). They say when you  are chewing it, that  it makes you feel dizzy. Gordon: Why would you  chew that if you're  going to feel dizzy? Joi: Because it's  got tobacco in it. Gordon: Tobacco?  Joi: Yeah. Gordon: So, you  roll this up. You ready? Joi: Ready. One...  Gordon: Two. Three. (speaking in native language). (laughs). Gordon: Sorry.  No, no, (bleep). No! The locals may love the beetle  nut for a quick pick me up. Why did you (bleep)  make me do that? But, the only time  I'll pick it up again is to  toss it in the nearest bin. Having survived my partial  poisoning, it's time to face  the day's real challenge. Using everything I've learned  this week to cook for the  monks of wok cong thai temple. This looks amazing. Joi: Yes.  Beautiful temple. Gordon: Wow. More  revered than royalty, these guys are used to the cream of this country's cuisine. We're up against  it time wise, right? Joi: Yeah, yes. Gordon: And, as they  start fasting at mid-day, I've got just two hours  to prepare my feast,  and lay it before them. This is it.  Everything I've understood. Got up to speed  with this week. It all comes down to this. Hey, how difficult  are the monks? Are they, like, food critics? Joi: Yeah.  Some, some of them. Gordon: Every time I  get to cook for a festival,  royalty, monks, trust me, there's always those  nerves, so, it's going to  be a tough one this morning. The cat fish stew, okay. My main dish is a sweet and  sour fish stew, inspired  by mr. Muang's daughters. So nice, using  fish this fresh. And, my trip to the market. I'll use a  fermented fish sauce. Joi: Yes, fermented fish sauce. Gordon: To give that the sort  of nice fermented sour flavor at the base of  this catfish stew. I'm also going to put a touch  of tamarind in that as well. Joi: Ah, nice.  Get rid of the sour texture. Gordon: The sour  texture, that's right. Joi is also cooking a  catfish main course. And for his sauce  he's really branching out. Are you really chopping  wood to put in the soup? Joi: Yes, come look over. Gordon: You've  gone barking mad. Joi: Yeah.  Gordon: But, what does  the wood do to the soup? Joi: It get the bit of  shake on pepper texture. Gordon: Okay.  Joi: Make your mouth  numb and tingly. Gordon: Very interesting. And, by interesting I mean,  really freaking weird. But, right now I can't  afford to get distracted. Joi: So, we now close  to 10:00, so we've  got about an hour. Gordon: Why can't we just  spend one day here eating at  2:00 p.M. In the afternoon. Just give us a bit more time. Gordon: But telephone  the chief monk. (laughs). Right, catfish stew done.  Please. Joi: Need chili.  Gordon: Need chili? Joi: Yeah, a bit more  chili, a bit of tamarind. Gordon: Yeah.  There's me thinking  it's too hot. It's too soury. And he's saying more chili. I mean, unbelievable. While I chop some more  chili for my stew, joi's  onto his second course. What do you do with  the lemon grass? Joi: Ah, I'm spreading  the lemon grass to  stuff the fish inside. Gordon: Fish wrapped in  intricate lemon grass parcels. Amazing. Except for the fact  that I'm behind and  joi needs my kitchen. Gordon: Do you want  to borrow my fryer? Joi: Yes, yes, please. Gordon: Now, you're  treating me like I'm  your sous chef now. Joi: Yes, yes. Gordon: I thought  you were sort of  sweet, endearing and helpful. Gordon: Look outside sweet,  but inside not sweet. Outside sweet,  inside competitive. What happens if they  don't like the food? Gordon: They won't  give me the blessing? Joi: No. Gordon: With my kitchen back,  I can finally start  my second course. A spicy take of the banana leaf fish wrap I ate on the banks of the mekong five days ago. Aah. It's a beautiful way of  tying up these little packets. Do you want some help? Joi: Um, I'm good  for now, thank you. Gordon: I was joking. I'm busy enough as it is. With just 30 minutes left,  joi's throwing some catfish  steaks on the barbecue. But I have one of those  incredible coney falls fish. I'm going to lightly coat  this fish, stuff it with the  herbs and the lemon grass. Yeah. And then, yeah,  I'm going to literally  quickly fry it. I've never had  to cook this fast. Joi: What? Gordon: No. I'm a  little bit in the (bleep). Joi: Okay. You're not allowed to say bad word in here. Gordon: (bleep).  Joi: Not a nice word. Gordon: (bleep), (bleep).  Joi: No! No! Gordon: No? Not even. Joi: Nice word.  Nice words? Give me a word for (bleep). Bad karma or not, I'm  struggling to hold my tongue. Joi: We're against the time.  We need to finish. Gordon: Because the  pressure is really on. Where, where, where  do I wash my pan? Joi: In the river. Gordon: Oh, for  god's sake man. But, with just moments to  spare, I'm onto my final dish. Now I get to use the super  strength gecko rice whisky. And, three words we can  all enjoy, caramelized  flambé bananas. Joi: Um, no, no, you can't. Gordon: Hold on a minute! Joi: No, you can't do  moonshine for the monk. Gordon: It will  be caramelized. The alcohol will be gone. Joi: But still got the,  you've got alcohol in it? Gordon: Please?! Joi: No, no, you can't. They beat the drum for  the people to bring the  food into the temple. Gordon: The monks may live  a holy life, but missing  out on my banana flambé may be their greatest  sacrifice of all. Joi: We better hurry. Gordon: Yes! Yes! Yes! Time to plate up. (drum) (drum) okay joi. Joi: You done?  Gordon: Just in time. Finally, my feast is finished. A sweet and sour catfish stew,  spicy banana leaf fish wrap,  coney falls finest catch. And, a snake bean salad. But joi's outdone himself. A wood infused catfish soup. Delicate lemon grass and fish  parcels, and mouthwatering  barbecued fish steaks. This is crazy. I think just eat at the  same time every day,  2:00 would be fine. Joi: Yes, every time yeah. Gordon: Oh (bleep)! I have the honor  of serving the head  monk and his novices. Please enjoy. Meal times are sacred,  so joi and I grab a sneak  peep from a distance. Gordon: Watching the  monks eat my dishes  feels a bit spiritual. Hopefully it's a taste  of heaven, and they won't  condemn me to eternity, doing the dishes  in hell's kitchen. Finally,  the moment of truth. Joi: He said  everything tasted good. Gordon: Excellent. Please ask him about  the catfish stew? Gordon: He liked it? Joi: Yeah, he liked it. Gordon: Would you  explain that I did have  a dessert for caramelized bananas with moonshine,  but we are not allowed? But, next time, I'll  just barbecue the bananas. Joi: Okay. (speaking in native language). Gordon: Clearly he's  not impressed with  my flambé faux pas. But, I've still done  enough to earn a blessing. On my laotian journey, I've  unearthed a vibrant cuisine  that's packed full of flavors, and found in the  most surprising places. As the laotian people  slowly emerge from poverty, the mekong river  continues to give them  something very valuable. A rich culture that  thrills the taste buds  and feeds the soul. That is priceless. What an amazing  week, thank you. Joi: Yeah, thank you.  Nice to visit. Yeah, good luck, so be it. Gordon: See you soon.  Amazing week. Joi: Thank you. Gordon: And so with my  karmic balance restored,  at least for the moment, it's on to my next adventure. Captioned by  cotter captioning services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 