Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted 
 s1e3 - The Mountains of Morocco - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Mountains of Morocco - full transcript 
 With help from Moroccan locals, Gordon dives into the food culture and ancient traditions of the indigenous Amazigh (Berber) people. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Berrin: Take.  Gordon: Harness?  Berrin: Oui. Gordon: But where  are the mushrooms? Berrin: Down. Gordon: The  mushrooms are where? Berrin: There. Gordon: Holy (bleep). The name is gordon james,  yeah, not james bond. Look at that. All this for a mushroom. It better be delicious. This is insane. (bleep)! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm in morocco, north africa, to discover the  hidden culinary secrets  of this incredible country. I've always loved moroccan  food because every bite is  steeped in history. Over the centuries the arabs, spanish, ottomans and french have all left their mark on the cuisine of the  indigenous berber people. My journey of discovery begins  in fes, north west morocco, the country's culinary capital, located on the edge  of the middle atlas mountains. The medina of fes  is one of the oldest  walled cities in the world. It feels like I've been  transported back in time. Incredible and  beautiful and confusing all at  the same fricking time. Man, so. This place is  like a labyrinth. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is crazy. There's over 9,000  alleyways and I think  I've been down every one. The most confusing maze ever. I'm supposed to be meeting one  of morocco's finest chefs,  najat kaanache. Man: Bonjour, ca-va? Gordon: I am lost. But finding our rendezvous  point is proving trickier  than I expected. (bleep) okay, I'm pretty  sure this is the spot. Najat: Oh my god!  How are you? Gordon: Finally. Najat kaanache is one  of a small band of  pioneering female chefs, changing the face  of moroccan cuisine. Najat: Voila. Gordon: After earning her  stripes at a string of  michelin star establishments across europe and america, her own restaurant  in the heart of the  medina is already gaining quite a reputation. The first thing I  thought about, what would it  be like to have a restaurant here with all this  product on your doorstep. Gordon: Amazing. Gordon: Do you ever  get lost down here? Najat: You get lost. Even if you live in  here you get lost. It is, it is, it is... Gordon: So I'm  not the only one. Najat: I get lost and  I used to walk in this  medina barefoot so imagine. Gordon: In bare feet.  Najat: Barefoot. Gordon: It's so  nice to meet you. Najat: Thank you. Gordon: Now I'm dying  to get really underneath  this incredible oasis. Najat: Thank you very  much for coming here. Gordon: Can you lead the  way 'cause I'm useless. Najat: We walk.  Gordon: Okay. Najat: Shall we go?  Gordon: Straight up? Go on. Thank you.  This place is crazy! Najat tells me this  has been a food market since  the ninth century. Najat: This is the  flavors of morocco. Gordon: Wow! Najat: Like here,  look at the colors. Gordon: Just the colors,  the colors. Najat: Try this one.  Gordon: Thank you. Mm, that's delicious. Najat: You know chillies. You're too white for  hotness, I understand. Gordon: I'm too  white for hotness, did  you just say that to me? Gordon: I love chili. (speaking in native language). Gordon: Delicious,  pretty good, thank you. Amazing. Najat: Look,  look at the meat man. Najat: You like to  speak french yeah? Gordon: And what is that? Najat: This is a  smooth butter. I need you to smell. Gordon: Ooh, bloody hell. Gordon: Yes, I've made filo  but that's not filo though. Gordon: Okay right, okay. It looks like my  grandma's curtains. So is it flour and water? Najat: You're hilarious.  This is water and flour. Gordon: That is beautiful. Najat: I think you  should go inside and try. Gordon: Try that?  Najat: Yes. Gordon: And if I (bleep)? Najat: Now I'm going to  correct you because I'm  allowed to do that today. Gordon: Would you tell  her I'm a cook in english? She's looking at me  like I'm an idiot. Najat: Okay now let's go. You have to stretch  it without pressing. Woman: Bravo.  Najat: Bravo she says. Najat: It's so  wonderful to see you do this. Gordon: Yes. When najat finally  stops laughing at me, I  manage to finish my pastry. Najat: Now stretch it  and bring it in here yeah. Gordon: Yeah.  Najat: Let's go. Wow. Mr. Gordon, man, bravo!  Awesome. Yeah you like this more. Gordon: It's thin enough? Najat: So now, hello,  now you have to be  careful when it cooks. You gotta bring it up. Gordon: Gotcha.  Najat: Take it up. Gordon: (bleep).  Najat: That on top. Gordon: Thank you.  Woman: Bravo.  Gordon: Thank you so much. Najat: So easy.  Gordon: I wouldn't say easy. Au revoir.  Merci beaucoup. Man, it's a lot harder than  it looks, let me tell you. I'm not very good at being  crap at doing something, so  I felt a little bit awkward. That was difficult. Najat: Well not difficult,  it's a lot of practice chef. Gordon: Najat is a  little firecracker. That's how feisty she is. Right now I feel like  a fish out of water. Najat: I'm going to invite  you to serve us two beautiful  magical glasses of tea, how about that? Gordon: You'd like a glass. Najat: Well I'd like  glass poured by you  from all the way up. Come on, you can do it. Gordon: Ready? Najat: Yeah.  Go, oh my god you're a pro. Yeah, that's it.  You've passed your exam. Gordon: I've made a  discovery about najat  that may just explain her attitude towards me. You are a powerful  chef here aren't you? Najat: Yes sir. Gordon: And you  applied to work in my  restaurant seven times. Najat: Yeah and  you never hired me. Gordon: You should  have phoned me. I would have given  you a job any day. Stop it. I can't believe I  didn't hire najat. Hopefully she's moved  past it or the only dish  I'll be eating on my moroccan journey is humble pie. Najat: I want you to  go to the mountains. Gordon: You want me to  go to the mountains. Najat: Yes. To the berber land with  the people who really still  have the traditions and the way of cooking. Gordon: Right. Najat: At the end of this  week is the new years  for the berber people. Gordon: Wait, at the end of  the week is new year's eve? Najat: You and  me going to cook. Gordon: But I want you  to kick my butt in there. Najat: We will,  that's my territory. Gordon: So that's how  it's gonna work, you're  sending me out there. Najat: I want to send you  out there and if you don't  apply to all this knowledge that you got from  this beautiful fes,  we're going to butcher you. How about that? Gordon: (bleep) najat has  just dropped the bombshell  because not only am I going to the mountains to understand that berber culture, I'm cooking a feast at the end of the week on one of the most  important nights of the  year, new year's eve. Where do I start? Najat: First, I would  really love you to meet  the mushroom man. He's super magical and he  has white hair like you  but he's great. And he has the best truffles,  the best morels, the best  (inaudible). Gordon:  They're the rolls royce  of mushrooms, morel mushrooms. Najat: Yes. Gordon: This is amazing. Cheers. Najat: I think he's gonna find  a few difficulties 'cause you  have to go from three star michelin chef to be  in the nature, to be  with the berber people. So he's gonna have a couple  of few difficulties in that. Gordon: With just  five days 'til we  cook a feast for new year, my mission is clear; head into the mountains  to get to grips with the  magic of berber cuisine. Look at this view. Come on! It doesn't get any  better than that. Najat's arranged for her  mushroom hunters to meet me. She said that these  guys are secretive, so secretive that  they've got special ways to get you to the  locations of these mushrooms. Najat's being a bit coy  about what she's set up  but she's told me to expect quite an adventure. The air conditioner's  work in here. Just checking the  brakes are working. Bonjour.  Merci beaucoup. Berrin: Ca va. Berrin: Oui. (speaking in native language). Gordon: My first surprise  comes when my guide starts  looking to harness me up. But where are the mushrooms? Berrin: Down. Gordon: The  mushrooms are where? Oh, you are kidding me! Najat's (bleep) crazy. There must be an easier way  to get to these mushrooms. Berrin: Okay. Gordon: The name is  gordon james, yeah,  not james bond. I just want to pick mushrooms. But apparently this is  najat's idea of a good time. Listen I love  mushrooms but this is insane. All this for a mushroom. It'd better be delicious. Gordon: (bleep),  (bleep) (bleep)! Look at that. Holy (bleep), (bleep)! Oh man! Seriously? Gordon: (bleep), really? I think I'm paying the  price for not giving  moroccan chef najat a job. She's sent me on the scenic  route to meet up with  mysterious mushroom hunters. I'm a big adventurer  and I love mushrooms but  that's the scariest descent that I've ever done for a  mushroom, but I loved it. As soon as I got down to the  bottom I wanted to go back up to the top and come back down. Bonjour! Okay, where are the mushrooms? Gordon: Thanks a lot.  Karda: Okay. Gordon: These mushrooms  better taste delicious. (speaking in native language). Good, good. Gordon: (bleep)! Bonjour, how are you? Abdullah: I'm the  king of the mushrooms. Gordon: You're the  king of the mushrooms. Where are the  bloody mushrooms? (speaking in native language). Let's go. Let's go.  I doubt anyone's following us. Gordon: Abdullah  is chef najat's main  mushroom supplier. He and his men have  spent the last few days  foraging this remote forest, and today they're willing  to share with me the pick  of their bounty. Every chef in britain  would love to get their  hands on that basket. Oh my lord! Thank you. Chanterelle. Abdullah: Chanterelle, morels.  Gordon: Ceps and morels. All in the same back garden. From a chef's point of  view, it's a magical basket. Can you imagine what  they taste like cooked? Berrin: Have you  heard about... Gordon: Medfouna? Berrin: Yes, that's  what I plan to do now. Gordon: It's like a.  Berrin: A berber pizza. Gordon: A berber pizza.  Berrin: Yes. Gordon: My newfound friend,  berrin, gives me a masterclass  on how the berber's cook pizza in the mountains. Spoiler alert, it's a bit  different from domino's. Berrin: You use the  most expensive  mushrooms in the world. Gordon: Abdullah, magic. Gordon: This is a  dream for me, abdullah. I love you. We'll put the  porcini in first. Then the girolle there. Then I'll put the morel  and then trumpette,  some onions and garlic. Berrin: Ras el hanout. Gordon: Ras el hanout is a  mix of spices widely used  in moroccan cuisine. Berrin: Perfect.  Gordon: Bread. I saw this on my  visit in the medina. Yeah so nice and flat. Now I'm starting to understand  what najat was explaining, get closer to the berber's,  understand what the  village is doing. Mushrooms in. Look at this. Berrin: Now goat cheese. Gordon: Wow, this is getting  better and better and better. So goat's cheese and  give it saltiness right? Berrin: Yes.  Gordon: Nice. Berrin: It's a very  nice combination yeah? Gordon: This is a  beautiful combination. Now for the lid. That goes on top.  Back on. Berrin: The berber's,  they like making this. They live in the mountains  and there the mushrooms  are everywhere, you know. Gordon: What a treat. Berrin: Take some  olive branches. Gordon: Right so it's cooking  on the bottom and the top. Berrin: On the  bottom and the top, yes. Gordon: Yeah. Amazing.  Berrin: And warming us up. Gordon: And  keeping us warm, yeah. I've rappelled for them,  I've swam for them and now  it's finally time to eat these precious mushrooms. Abdullah. Look at that! Gordon: Really beautiful. Look, I mean it  just looks delicious. Gordon: Wow.  That is absolutely delicious. That was one of the best  pizzas I've ever eaten. Putting a slice of that on  my menu back home in london, you'd have to charge  an excess of £100. It's delicious. The shock for me is that  for the boys it's a staple,  they eat that every day. That's, that's  the big surprise. The luxuriousness of those  mushrooms sandwiched between  two slices of dough, (bleep) brilliant. Now I wanna be a berber. With the berber new year  just days away, the  pressure is really on. I'm desperate to show  chef najat that I can  cut it in the world of moroccan cuisine, and that  means understanding every  aspect of the berber life. (speaking in native language). Cold. Froid. I'm so thrilled that karda, one of abdullah's  mushroom hunters, has invited me to lunch  in the village where he  and his family live. Amazing. So this is it? Berrin: Yes.  Gordon: A la maison.  Berrin: A la maison. Gordon: Hello. Bonjour.  How are you? Berrin: She's a little bit shy. Gordon: She's a little bit shy. And what's her name? Fatima: Fatima.  Berrin: Fatima. Gordon: Fatima,  it's a beautiful name. And how old is fatima? Berrin: Nine years.  Gordon: Nine. After you. Thank you. Karda and his daughter  fatima want to show me every  element of berber life, including the barn that houses  their four-legged friend. Wow. Huge donkey! Is that your taxi to school? (speaking in native language). My daughters get an uber,  you get a donkey. I'd love to try  and ride that thing. You show me? (speaking in native language). Okay. You sure it's  gonna take my weight? Gordon: You sure? Fatima? (speaking in native language). Oh. Ooh sugar! I'm too old to ride a donkey. Berrin: You want to  make it move you say... (speaking in native language). (speaking in native language). Please! Okay, good. Right. (bleep) oh man! Okay. Thank you, thank you. Amazing, amazing, amazing. I've never been shown how  to ride one so thank you,  fatima, well done. After embarrassing  myself riding the donkey,  karda and fatima show me around the village and  its traditional way of life. Bonjour. Karda introduces  me to his mum. She still uses carpet  weaving techniques that go  back to the 12th century. What kind of wool is that? Berrin: Sheep.  Gordon: Sheep's wool.  Berrin: Sheep wool. Gordon: It's amazing  how it's not breaking. Oh look at the speed of her. Look, right. Grandma you make  this look so easy. And where will you  sell these carpets? Berrin: They just take  it to the nearest town. Gordon: So you go  into the medina? Berrin: Yes. Gordon: And how much  would one of these cost? Berrin: About  2,500 moroccan dirham. Gordon: 2,500 dirham  is about 260 bucks. Gordon: Okay.  Here we go. (speaking in native language). Berrin: She's  saying you're too slow. Gordon: Too slow! (speaking in native language). Happy mamma? Oh man! Oh fatima! (feigns sobbing) that is an amazing skill.  Merci madame. Now for the bit of berber  culture I'm most  intrigued by, lunch. Wow. Berrin: Yes please.  Gordon: Of course. So this is the dining room. Berrin: Come.  Gordon: Thank you. Amazing.  This is lovely in here. Berrin: Some local food.  This is what the people eat. Gordon: They  look like lentils. Berrin: Lentils.  This is clarified butter. Gordon: Right. Berrin: This is olive oil  and this is olive from this  same make of this one. Gordon: Wow, the bread  is baked here as well? Berrin: Yes, people here  they make their own food, they don't buy  bread from a shop. Gordon: This food  looks incredible. Berrin: Before we eat  we always say bismillah. Gordon: Bismillah.  Berrin: Bismillah. Yes.  Gordon: Thank you. Mm. They're delicious. It's so good.  I'm so excited to be here. This weekend is your  berber new year celebration. Berrin: Berber new year  is a very big day here in  the atlas mountains. Everyone in the  village celebrate you know. Gordon: And it's all about  the food and the celebration. Berrin: It's all  about the food yes. Gordon: Wow. The pressures on  me even more now, not just for the standard  you produce but the new  year celebration. Boy! Berrin: Better to be ready. Gordon: Yeah and  I'd better be ready. (speaking in native language). Berrin: Do you like it?  Gordon: It is delicious. Do you know any british food? Gordon: Yes!  That's good, that's very good.  Thank you. This local olive oil  tastes amazing, so I'm  keen to discover how the berber's make it. Bonjour. They've been making olive  oil in this region since  before roman times and I'm dying to get my  hands on some to use  in my new year feast. Oh man! And these have just  been picked right? Berrin: Yes.  Gordon: Okay.  Berrin: Okay, let's try. Gordon: The first thing  I've got to do is crush  down the olives using the ancient grinder. But it's bloody hard work. (speaking in native language). What? Berrin: The mule.  Gordon: The mule.  Berrin: Yes. Karda: This way, turn.  Berrin: Okay this is fine. Gordon: That's perfect.  Berrin: Okay. Gordon: (bleep), (bleep)! Now come on you  stubborn mule, please! Gordon: He's allowed  to go to the toilet. Just as I think I've mastered  the medieval olive press. (bleep)! The mule gets a  bout of stage fright. Come on please. I'm getting  beaten by a mule here. Slow him down. Berrin: Faster.  Gordon: Slow him down! Berrin: It's hard to  tell him to slow down. Gordon: After crushing  them down, I've now got  to bag them up before we press the oil out. Scoop it in? Berrin: Yeah. Gordon: What an  amazing process. The smell is  incredible, right? Berrin: Smells nice huh? Gordon: I mean talk  about fresh pressed. Gordon: Oh look, look at that.  Berrin: Coming out? Gordon: Yeah, it's  definitely coming out. Gordon: Mm.  Berrin: So tasty. Gordon: Do you have any  bread in your pocket! Oh my lord.  That is beautiful. Now I've heard of extra  virgin but this is gonna  be extra, extra virgin. Look at that shine. I've never tasted olive  oil straight from the press. That is amazing. And it's another lesson  I can take into my  berber new year feast, to produce something  really special for these  hospitable people. Thank you. I want to give back, you know, I want  to show them what I  can do and try to make this day a day to remember. With just two days  until I deliver my  new year berber banquet, the pressure is really on and  I can't afford to come up  short in front of chef najat. So I'm heading back to fes  in search of a special dish. At home, we do rib eye  or a fillet steak for a  special occasion, but here in morocco najat  tells me there's a much  more revered meat. Jamal, have you  ever eaten camel? Gordon: I've enlisted the  help of jamal, a local guide, to take me to the only  camel butcher in the media. Bonjour. Omar. You are the only camel  butcher in the medina right? Jamal: Yeah,  he's the only one. Gordon: What's so  special about camel meat? Gordon: Like beef?  Jamal: Yeah.  Gordon: As good as beef? (speaking in native language). Jamal: Camel much  better than beef. Gordon: Camel's  better than beef? Jamal: Yeah, the taste  and actually the benefits. Gordon: Wow.  What is that? (speaking in native language). Jamal: The hump.  Gordon: The hump.  The camel hump. Jamal: Yeah. Gordon: But it  looks like just fat. Jamal: But actually,  I'd say no it's quite  different from the cow fat. It gives smoke, it  gives taste, flavor. Gordon: Right.  Jamal: Amazing yeah. Gordon: How long  ago was he beheaded? Jamal: Four days ago now.  Gordon: Four days ago. We would never be able to  get a camel's butcher shop  like this in the east end of london, we  wouldn't be allowed this. I would love to  taste some camel. Jamal: He's inviting you  to tonight for a dinner. He's gonna make a specialty,  a tangier with camel. Omar: Tangier camel, yes, yes.  Gordon: That sounds amazing. Merci beaucoup.  Thank you omar. Omar: À bientôt.  Gordon: How exciting is that. This is gonna be the first  time I've ever eaten camel. There's not many things  I haven't eaten but  camel is one of them. So, I can't wait to take up  omar's offer of a slap up  tangier dinner tonight. It must have been amazing  for you growing up in here. Jamal: Yeah, yeah.  Gordon: Bonsoir, mon ami. Omar: Bonjour. Ça va. Gordon: Let's go, please. How big is this restaurant? (speaking in native language). What?  What are we doing in here? This is the weirdest  restaurant I've ever seen. Are you crazy? Look at that oven! Whoa man. Bonsoir. (speaking in native language). Is this your head chef? Omar: Yes chef, new chef. Gordon: What is  he doing in there? (bleep), jamal  what's going on? Jamal: Actually, he's  keeping the fire, you know,  on, and this is the oven of the hammam. To heat up the rooms. Gordon: He's boiling water? Jamal: Yeah. Gordon: It turns out I've  been brought to the basement  of a public bathing house, called a hammam, and so far,  not a camel in sight. Gordon: Wow. Morocco's public bathing  houses originated with the  ottomans in the 12th century, which also feels like the  last time I ate anything. Omar, dinner? (speaking in native language). Jamal: This is the  dinner, tangier. Gordon: And what's in there? Jamal: Camel meat with  some spices, with onions. Gordon: The berber's have used  tangier clay pots to cook  since before roman times. Traditionally the  workers of the medina  leave their tangiers here to slow cook and kill time by  taking a bath upstairs. Gordon: I do, I do.  Never had one. Jamal: It's gonna be fun.  You're gonna like it. Gordon: Merci. Be careful. Don't get shriveled  too much in there. Watch that beard. This camel better be good. Honestly. Jamal: Come and  have a good bath. Gordon: You said  we're coming for  dinner and now look at us. Stark (bleep) naked. Tell him to go easy on me. (bleep) sake. The last person to  bath me was my mum. (bleep) I'm not that supple. There's nothing like  a delicate massage  and this is nothing like a delicate massage. Do you know I'm not  training (bleep) olympics. Jamal? Jamal: Yeah. Gordon:  I am enjoying it okay,  this is, this is beautiful. Jamal: I told you. Gordon: But surely that  tangier must be ready by now. (speaking in native language). Jamal: It should  be ready by now. Gordon: It should  be ready by now. Jamal: Yes. Gordon: Is there  somewhere I can dry my hair? Do you have a  hairdryer in here? My mum always told me to  wash my hands before dinner, but that was something else. I feel cleansed,  I feel refreshed, but most of all I feel  absolutely bloody starving. Time for some camel. Mm, see that, that  smells delicious. That looks incredible. Now just the way it  dropped onto the plate. Jamal: Yeah. Gordon: It  bounced, it's so tender. That is incredible. Mmm. Gordon: It's so delicious. Really nice and spicy,  fragrant coating on the meat. The big surprise  for me is how deep the  richness of that meat is. That's the spice  and the citrus. Omar's combined chunks of  the camel's shoulder with  tail and fat from the hump. What vegetables are in there? Gordon: Yes.  Jamal: The tangier is healthy.  Gordon: Healthy. Jamal: Yeah.  Omar: Yes. Jamal: You may get a little  bit hot or horny after that. Gordon: Eating  camel makes you horny? Jamal: Yeah.  Gordon: Omar come on. (speaking in native language). Jamal: Yeah like a stallion.  Gordon: Like a stallion! That camel looked  like a one-pot wonder. But that was way better  than any stew my mum's cooked, let me tell you that. That meat is so tender. Right now I don't know  what's more tender,  my back or the meat. Delicious, really good. Merci beaucoup. Jamal: Thank you.  Gordon: Take care. The slow, and I really do  mean slow, cooked camel  meat is a revelation. It's definitely gonna be part  of my new year berber feast. Omar: Tangier! Gordon: So, omar's invited  me to his farm to collect  the meat before I head back up into the mountains. Man. Wow! What an amazing  herd of camels. All these camels are reared  purely for meat, for eating? (speaking in native language). Jamal: No meat and milk.  Gordon: So, meat and dairy. Jamal: Yeah.  Okay, you're gonna milk it. Gordon: I'm gonna milk it?  Jamal: Yeah. Gordon: I've  never milked a camel. Where's the teat? Omar: You'll have to  show me where, where? Jamal: It's a male! Gordon: Oh it's a male. (bleep). We're not  milking that one obviously. Come on, seriously! I'll get you back later. After a quick masterclass  from omar, it's time to  milk my first camel. Hopefully my hands  aren't too cold. Ooh (bleep). ♪ ♪ gordon: Man,  they're strong no? I have two jobs today,  getting milk from a camel  and not getting kicked in the face by a camel. Oh that's it. (speaking in native language). So it looks like a  cappuccino in there. Mm. It's rich huh? Jamal: Yeah.  Gordon: Creamy.  Jamal: Yeah. Gordon: It's boiling,  it's so hot. Jamal: Yeah, it's come in  directly from the teat. Gordon: It's delicious,  really delicious. Jamal: Yeah. Gordon: I thought it was  gonna be a little bit sweet  but it's not that sweet, but it's creamy,  it's very rich. That was insane. I mean what buggers,  took me to a male camel. I'm looking thinking (bleep)  how do you milk this thing? With camel meat for the  new year's feast secured, I'm back on the road  heading deep into the  mid atlas mountains. But I'm still on the look  out for more ingredients. Throughout my journey I've  noticed kids selling heart  of palm on the roadside, but najat has tipped me  off about which area has  the best ones. Bonjour. How are you?  We good? Can I have a  little taste please? It's almost like a  sort of sweet cucumber. That is delicious. And are there lots more? Muhammed: Oh there's a  lot more up there right. Gordon: How far off?  Muhammed: Like ten minutes.  Gordon: I need about six more. Muhammed: We can  do that, yeah. Gordon: Let's go.  Muhammed: Let's do it. Gordon: Let's go,  let's go, thank you. So ten minutes up. Muhammed: Ten minutes. Gordon: Those fresh  hearts of palm taste so good. They're worth  climbing a mountain for. It's a very, very,  very long ten minutes. Are you sure? But that's if we make it  before I reach retirement age. They'd better taste good. Oh my god. Muhammed: They will. Gordon: Gentlemen slow down. Muhammed: Gordon!  Gordon: Come on. (speaking in native language). Come on. Look at these boys, they're  as fit as a mountain goat. Look at the speed  they get up there. Muhammed: Yeah.  Gordon: Wait for grandad. Muhammed: There we are,  this is the best place. Gordon: Finally. Muhammed: Can you  see the technique? Gordon: Yeah I'm  watching the technique. The trick is to cut the  palm as close to the  ground as possible to get to the juiciest part. Stand back please. It also helps if  you've seen the shining. When was the last  time this was sharpened? (speaking in native language). Gordon: (bleep)! (bleep), (bleep)! Muhammed: You didn't  cut it correctly. Gordon: No. (bleep)! Muhammed: The best  part of it stays in  the hole, to the ground. Gordon: Inside.  Muhammed: Yeah inside. Gordon: So I've got the  top but not the heart. Okay, right this one. Second time. Muhammed: It's almost there.  There you go. Gordon: Finally.  Muhammed: There you go.  Gordon: Merci. Look at that. Muhammed: You can try it.  Gordon: That's so fresh. Delicious. It's almost like a  raw artichoke but sweeter  than an artichoke so I've seen the majority of these  come out of a can. To actually cut them down fresh, yeah that's freshness on a different level. High five. Muhammed: There we are. Gordon: Up. Good job.  Muhammed: High five. Gordon: Good job.  Najat's tip off has delivered. These are  definitely going on my menu. The day has finally arrived. The villagers are  getting ready to  celebrate the berber new year. Today's my final day in  morocco and I'm cooking for  karda and his berber family. It's a big celebration, it's new year's day  so one of the most  important days across their calendar. I'm going head to head  with najat kaanache, one  of morocco's finest chefs. Najat. Najat: Hey.  Gordon: We're good?  Najat: How are you doing? Gordon: What a week.  Najat: How was everything?  Gordon: Crazy. Let me help you  sort that wood. Last time I saw her I  realized I screwed up  by not giving her a job. Now did you miss me? Najat: No. Gordon: And the next  thing I knew I was  rappelling down a waterfall. But I'm sure that that  was just a coincidence. Now omar, my camel man, I was supposed to  go for dinner, had a  hammam instead and then whilst I was getting  washed and dressed. Najat: I don't want  to know, thank you. Gordon: But (inaudible).  Najat: Good, yeah. Gordon: Hang on, I think  it's best I just hurry  up and tell her what I'm gonna cook, camel. That's gonna be  one big main course. Najat: With all this? Gordon: Ras el hanout. Paprika, the  maze, salt, pepper. I mean beautiful. Najat: Amazing.  Let me show you what I've got. Gordon: Surprise, surprise.  Najat is also using camel. That's the leg. Najat: Yes.  Gordon: Amazing.  Najat: This? Gordon: That's the hump.  Najat: The hump. Gordon: Yeah. Najat: Which we're  gonna use to braise  this a little bit, to give a little color. Gordon: Beautiful. Najat: Now we should  not talk anymore and  we should just go and cook because we have  a this new year, berber new year that  you have to surprise us. Gordon: Yes. I'm going to try and surprise  you but I want to learn. Najat: We can talk. Come around. Gordon: If I fall  behind, help me. Please. Najat: Yes, we will  help you, no worries. Gordon: Yes? Najat: We're many  of us, we do it. Gordon: Okay good luck. Najat: Yes thank  you very much. Gordon: Let's go. I might be a michelin  star chef but here that  counts for nothing. Najat's been cooking  authentic moroccan  cuisine all her life. I just hope I can live  up to her standards. My days eating moroccan food  in restaurants in london, trust me, are miles away from preparing and  cooking food here in  the atlas mountains. Now the dice is a little  bit smaller than omar  showed me because I haven't got eight hours and time  for hammam this afternoon. (bleep) I'm using the camel  shoulder and the cheek,  gonna mix them together, almost like an  oxtail and a shin. You okay? Najat: Super okay, thank you. Gordon: About ten years  ago najat sent several  letters as a job application to come and work for me. I didn't get to see  those and she never  made it through the door. I think she's using this  moment to get her own back. Najat. Najat: Yeah. Gordon: Do you have a  knife sharpener please? Najat: No. Gordon: We're  supposed to be friends. (bleep) gordon: Najat.  Najat: Yeah? Gordon: You okay?  Need some help? Najat: I'm in my  territory my friend. Gordon: I know, I know  it's your territory. I'm going head to head  against one of  morocco's finest chefs, najat kaanache. Under pressure to  deliver a feast worthy  of a berber new year. Fatima: Chef gordon. (speaking in native language). Gordon: Happy new year. Damn, the guests are here  and I am running behind. Right now, I feel like  a fish out of water. Najat's good, she's  not giving much away. She's a proper chef;  close guarded,  don't ask me for help. That's how feisty she is. I've never ever cooked with  olive oil that I've pressed  literally 100 meters away. You can smell it, it is  absolutely incredible. Meat in. My main dish is a slow cooked  camel tangier, inspired by the one I  tasted with omar in fes. You can smell that, that  fragrance is just incredible. Lemons in. I want the lemons to sort of  disintegrate so it gives that  really nice acidic flavor. The chick peas  will release starch  and literally allow this thing to thicken up naturally. It's gonna take  about 90 minutes. Beautiful. Najat: Oh my god!  I smell some deliciousness. Gordon: Najat.  Najat: What's happening here? Gordon: I'm using some  of the shoulder, the jowl. Najat: Sounds very nice,  yes the cheek. Gordon: Ras el hanout.  Najat: Ras el hanout. Gordon: That's my tangier.  Najat: It's amazing. Welcome to morocco. Gordon: Thank you. Najat: So maybe you  can move this one  and put this one there. Gordon: Yeah I'm  gonna start cooking on  there again in a minute. Najat: Oh okay.  Gordon: But thank you chef. You said get into the  mountains and understand,  I'm still learning, okay. Najat: No problem.  Gordon: Forgive me. Najat: Fine. Gordon: Remember,  the proof is at the end,  in the flavor, right? Next on my menu is a chicken  rfissa, a classic berber  dish traditionally served for celebrations. It's the baby chickens  with the most amazing spice. The idea is to coat those  chickens in all of this. (rooster crows) please be quiet. Guess what's happened,  that's what's gonna  happen to you next. Come on. Gordon: Yes, but did  you rappel down a waterfall  with your hands to get them? I don't think so. Now, peas in, to the  amazing chicken and then look, these amazing morel mushrooms. That's gonna elevate  that chicken dish into  something absolutely stunning. With my chicken rfissa  and tangier slow cooking,  it's on to my side dish, caramelized carrots. But I'm missing one  vital ingredient. Fatima, do you have  any honey for my carrots? Fatima: Yeah. Gordon: Yes? Thank you. Thank goodness for my  nine-year-old sous chef. Whereabouts? Karda's daughter,  fatima, says her grandma  may be able to help. Probably got no  idea what I'm saying. It'll all make sense  when you taste my carrots. It's a berber new year  tradition, to exchange  food with your neighbors, although not to bring a  pasty british chef to  your grandma's house. Fingers crossed, I  can swap some heart of  palm for her local honey. Bonjour madame. Gordon: Merci. Wow.  Looks amazing. Ah! Gordon: All of this?  Wow, happy new year. Oh gift, gift, and  madame some hearts of palm. (speaking in native language). Yes, thank you so much. Happy new year. Caramelized carrots  with grandma's honey. How good is that? Mm, it's good. (bleep), (bleep)! That should keep them quiet. Annoyingly, najat  plates up first. She's serving  braised camel and a  chicken stew alongside some delicious sautéed mushrooms. I'm serving my chicken  rfissa on a bed of warka  pastry that I learned how to make with najat in  the medina in fes. Look at that, my god. Beautiful. It smells incredible. And the piece de  resistance, my camel tangier. The one that I'm  most excited for. Really beautiful. With hungry guests waiting, I've just got time to  put the finishing  touches to my final side dish, freshly picked heart of  palm and a goat's cheese dip. Najat you ready? A week isn't long enough to  understand that berber magic. Now I don't want egg on my  face but right now I could be  a little bit out of my league. I just hope I've shown najat  that I've come to grips with  the secrets of berber cuisine. Bonjour. (speaking in native language). Bonjour, bonjour. Gordon: And  finally, the chicken. Please enjoy.  Bon appetite.  Happy new year. Najat: Happy new year.  Gordon: Happy new year. Gordon: Mushroom man,  nice to see you. Abdullah: Mushroom.  Gordon: Bonjour abdullah. Abdullah: It's very wonderful. Gordon: That was  very wonderful, yeah. What an amazing day and  what an amazing cook because a new year's  celebration is a feast, more importantly it  brings the community and  the families together. A little bit nervous to  begin with because you need  to respect their culture and not cook out of their zone. I've gone to hell and  back to get those ingredients  and it's just so nice to see everybody happy. Excellent. Now it's the moment of truth. Have I managed to  cook like a berber? How was it? Which camel dish  did you prefer? This one or that  one over there? (speaking in native language). Karda: They  prefer this one more. Gordon: Damn,  najat's got the upper hand. What is it that's given  her dish the edge over mine? Did you cook yours  with a different stock? Najat: No, same one. Gordon: No?  Did you cut it smaller? Najat: Just cumin,  pepper and ginger. Gordon: Cumin,  pepper and ginger. Najat: Skin of orange, lemon. Gordon: Ah, okay,  I love that idea. Najat: Any other dish? (speaking in native language). Berrin: He's saying  this one was perfect. Gordon: Oh good. At least my chicken was a hit. Now I need my sous  chef to weigh in. Fatima, which camel  dish do you prefer? (speaking in native language). Najat: Ah! Gordon: I love you.  Najat: She likes mr. Gordon! Gordon: Thank you all. I've learned a lot  because I've never used camel. It's something that we've  never eaten in England. You've really given me an  insight to an amazing way of  how to eat and cook. Najat: Thank you very  much for being here. Gordon: Amazing.  Happy new year! Najat: Happy new year.  Gordon: Thank you everybody.  Amazing. It was great to see  everyone enjoy our meal. And while I may not have  got every vote, I got  the one that mattered. Najat: He did amazing.  I liked it very much. His energy is awesome,  he understood the whole  cultural process. He has a great spirit and  he's gordon ramsay, he's the person that we  all seen with a great soul. Gordon: Good job.  Good job. Boom, boom, thank you. What an amazing week and I've  fallen in love with morocco. I've really understood  that berber culture. I've been humbled by  these people's  incredible hospitality. I've learned techniques  that go back centuries  and I've been reminded, you don't need a fancy  kitchen to produce truly  outstanding cuisine. To see them happy,  they start their year  off with a great feast, for any chef,  anywhere in the world, that is a meal that  ends as a dream come true. Now onto my next adventure. Captioned by cotter  captioning services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 