Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted 
 s1e1 - Peru's Sacred Valley - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Peru's Sacred Valley - full transcript 
 Gordon Ramsay embarks on a motorcycle to the Sacred Valley of the Incas in Peru to learn the secrets of high-altitude cooking. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 the  views are amazing but  where's the delicacy? HARESH: D'you see  that spiny plant? GORDON: The cactus on  the edge of the cliff? HARESH: Yeah,  right off that cliff. It grows in really  dangerous places. GORDON: This is crazy.  Why aren't you coming Haresh? HARESH: I'm  afraid of heights man. GORDON: You're  afraid of heights. HARESH: Be careful.  GORDON: Bloody hell. GORDON: Yes we can. HARESH: Lean back.  Don't lean forward. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 GORDON: (bleep). I'm Gordon Ramsay and  I'm on an epic adventure. Taxi. Traveling to the  ends of the earth. Ditching the chef  whites and getting hands on. The things I do for food. Slow it down. Slow it down.  Where do we start? VIRGILIO: We're  gonna start up there. GORDON: Are you  trying to kill me? In search of  culinary inspiration. Let's go. Look at that beauty.  Absolutely delicious. It's like a crispy cockroach. I've learned more in  the last week than I have  in the last ten years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is definitely  unchartered territory for me. It doesn't get any better  than that, does it? This is Peru's Sacred Valley. At towering heights of up  to 3 miles above sea level. It's a unique Andean ecosystem  whose staggering biodiversity once fed the mighty Incan  empire and now it's gonna feed a British chef  with a motorbike. To unlock this  valley's secrets, I'm meeting up with one of  South America's finest chefs on the side of a  mountain obviously. Virgilio. VIRGILIO: Hey how you doing? GORDON: Finally.  VIRGILIO: How are you. GORDON: Michelin starred  Virgilio Martinez is  famous for his modern twist on traditional  high-altitude cuisine. He's cooking up a storm  in the food world and is  basically a younger, better looking Peruvian  version of me. Damn him. Good to see you man. VIRGILIO: Good to see you. GORDON: I'm so  happy to be here. VIRGILIO: Yeah?  GORDON: Seriously. I am here to learn,  discover, where do we start  and where are we gonna go? VIRGILIO: We're  gonna start up there. GORDON: Stop it. VIRGILIO: Over there  we get the best view  of the Sacred Valley. GORDON: Right.  VIRGILIO: Yeah. I mean you wanna feel  this extreme altitude, it's totally another world. GORDON: Wow I'm out  of breath already. VIRGILIO: Let's go. Vamos. GORDON: Of course, the best  view of the Sacred Valley would have to be a 1300 foot  climb up a sheer rock face. For a challenge like  this, you need balance, courage and above all  comprehensive insurance. 6 foot 2, 210 pound chefs should not be scaling  400 meter cliffs. I mean normally  chefs bond over dinner, I can't believe we're bonding  on a cliff edge on a mountain. GORDON: Breath is very short. We're now close to  10,000 feet above sea level. Here there's 30%  less oxygen in the air. Virgilio, how come  you're not out of breath? You're running up here like  a guinea pig chasing dinner. Experts recommend taking  six days to acclimatize  to the altitude, I've had almost six minutes. Man. There's a loose  rock here by the way. (bleep) (bleep) (bleep). Are you trying to kill me? My trousers have turned brown. (bleep) (bleep). I get the view.  The view is incredible. Amazing. VIRGILIO: Yes? GORDON: I'm out of  breath but I get it. GORDON: Shall we eat? GORDON: Oh Lord. GORDON: No.  VIRGILIO: No. GORDON: No. Never.  So it's like a jerky? VIRGILIO: Beef jerky yeah. It's like a beef  jerky of course. Yeah. We dry this for 34 hours. GORDON: Wow that's delicious. Does the altitude make a  massive difference on taste? VIRGILIO: Taste is deep. GORDON: Right. VIRGILIO: Intense,  concentrate, the conditions  are very extreme, so these ingredients has to  be protected by themselves, so they are then full  of proteins and they are concentrated by  flavor and taste. One of the main things  is that food is  protected by altitudes. GORDON: It's pure I suppose. VIRGILIO: It's very pure. We don't have to say  we have organic things, I mean that word  doesn't have a meaning here. GORDON: Really good. I mean it puts jerky on a  completely different level. VIRGILIO: So now you have time  to study the Sacred Valley. GORDON: Right. GORDON: Yeah.  Cook together. VIRGILIO: Yeah?  Cook together. GORDON: A cook off at  the end of the week. VIRGILIO: Yeah.  End of the week. GORDON: I'm  gonna kick your ass. GORDON: That was quite  the climb and we've now established two things,  Peruvians look better than Brits in plastic  climbing helmets. And I've just got five days  to uncover the secrets of  the Sacred Valley, to devise a feast that  shows that handsome devil  Virgilio who's boss. So lungs screaming I'm  heading 5000 feet further up for a lesson in the ancient  art of Andean cooking. Wow, come on. Look at this.  Oh my Lord. This is incredible. Now this is to start, one  of the highest parts of the Sacred Valley and I'm here  to meet some farmers that are still farming from this  land but using techniques dating back to the Incas. Because my Spanish is as  good as my rock climbing, the family I'm meeting has  asked a friend to translate. Celine. CELINE: Hi.  GORDON: How are you darling? CELINE: I'm good  how you doing? GORDON: Yeah good to see you.  Oh my Lord. Come on seriously. CELINE: I know, I know. GORDON: Amazing.  Are the family here? CELINE: Yeah they're here.  Mario, Maxima! GORDON: Buenas Tardes. GORDON: Mario, nice  to see you. Please. ELANCHIO: Elanchio.  GORDON: Elanchio. GORDON: And this is Marina. Oh hello. This is? Sebastian and this is. Hello. Congratulations, having the  most gorgeous back garden anywhere in the world. Sebastian. Ah. The family has  invited me to dinner, a classic Andean dish made  from local ingredients and it looks like I'm  playing sous chef. GORDON: De chuno  okay, great, thank you. Lawa de Chuno is a soup with  an amazing special recipe. So these are,  they're dried potatoes. GORDON: Right. It's amazing how  hard they are. They're solid,  they're like pebbles. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: So clean it. CELINE: Now we're  gonna make chuno flour. GORDON: Oh sorry Sebastian,  I don't know why I keep on getting you like that. This is the largest  pestle and mortar I've  seen in my entire life, so literally... CELINE: You gotta do  it stronger and faster. GORDON: (bleep). How do you stop the  potatoes from falling out? Sorry. This reminds me of a Fred  Flintstone outside kitchen. Wow. How come nobody else is  out of breath? (bleep). GORDON: My back (bleep)  that's hard, really. GORDON: The next ingredient  in our soup is a herb that  thrives at 14000 feet. With this recipe I  can definitely cancel  my gym membership. So he does this every day? CELINE: Uh yeah. GORDON: He's as fit  as a butcher's dog. Wait Mario two secs. Yeah, it's amazing how easy  it is to get out of breath. CELINE: Let's go.  GORDON: Let's go. GORDON: Wow.  CELINE: Thank you. CELINE: That's the kunuka. GORDON: It's down there.  That's the kunuka. Oh man. CELINE: Mario wants  you to go get it. GORDON: Go get it?  CELINE: Yeah. GORDON: (bleep). GORDON: (bleep).  These rocks are slippy. (bleep). GORDON: It is  literally breathtaking. Slippy. GORDON: There's  nothing to grab onto. Newsflash. In the Andes, high altitude  herb gardens are a little  different to those back home. At least I've  still got my dignity. (bleep) Mario honestly. I'm glad you're having  a fun time up there. Kunuka yes. GORDON: Boom, look at this. So it looks a  little bit like thyme. Very floral. Very  fragrant. It's lovely. How much do we need? CELINE: Yeah,  that's good he says. GORDON: That's it. Wow. That smells  amazing and it's free. With a fistful of herbs  and a leg full of bruises, it's off to the family  kitchen to get cooking. Beautiful.  Boy oh boy. That's extraordinary. Look at this  place and that there, that's obviously the  stove, oh what's that. Guinea pigs. Hey. Look at them. In the Andes, guinea pigs  are known by a different name. Dinner. Wow. Look at that. It actually looks  delicious, I mean seriously. The fact is the live ones  are running down there, the bald ones are hanging  off the wall and guess  who's next in line. That furry (bleep)  over there at 9:00. While the guinea pig  roasts, a sentence I  thought I'd never say, prep continues for the  ancient Andean soup. Lawa de Chuno. We have the herb,  this smells amazing. GORDON: So it's a  leg of lamb right?  WOMAN: Yep. GORDON: And is this your lamb.  WOMAN: Si. GORDON: So in many ways,  the whole family is  self-sufficient from the land. GORDON: That is incredible. I love snooping  round kitchens, what's all that up there, the top of the the big white stuff. CELINE: Cow manure. GORDON: Cow manure.  For the stove. CELINE: For the stove. GORDON: And that  'cause it burns good fuel. WOMAN: Yeah. GORDON: I just love  the fact that none of  you waste anything. GORDON: Potatoes in. CELINE: All of it yeah. GORDON: What is that? Oh you're turning the gas up.  Gotcha my love. Ready. (bleep). Cheese. I'd never have thought about finishing a lamb and potato soup with cheese. Amazing and look at  that baby, beautiful. We should open a  restaurant together. Mama, this deserves champagne. Napkins. Let's go babies. CELINE: Before we eat, Mario's  going to make an offering to  the mountain gods. (speaking gibberish). GORDON: My apologies.  My apologies. I'm dying to taste this. CELINE: Okay,  (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Okay. Guinea pig. It's just hard eating  this now when we've just  been sat there with them. I don't know about the head. I'll go for the loin.  The loin, the loin, the loin. Pretty good.  It's like a suckling pig. WOMAN: Si.  GORDON: Excellent. The soup. Ooh it's good. It's like a traditional  British old fashioned stew but this things got more depth. Because it's a high altitude  sort of cooking every ounce of flavor you taste individually. Really delicious.  Mucho gracias. MARIO: Mucho gracias.  GORDON: Thank you. Gracias. That was extraordinary because  that is a proper insight, something as basic as  the huts could produce  a dish like that. That's highlighting high  altitude cooking at its best. Ow. Already I'm starting  to think, you know,  how I would use that. You, little... What an amazing family  and what an amazing dish. No don't pull  hair, don't pull hair. I need that. Ah!  Oh no, come on. Maybe it's the incredible  hospitality shown by my new Andean family or the  fresh guinea pig coursing  through my veins, but I'm even more determined to win the battle with Virgilio. Man, are you out of breath? HARESH: No.  GORDON: I am. So I've enlisted  the help of Haresh. A restaurant supplier  with culinary contacts  all over the valley. He's told me about a local  delicacy that tastes like shrimp crossed with calamari. You're telling me that this  delicacy is sought after and is only found at this height. HARESH: Yeah and there's the man that knows how to find them. Mamerdo. GORDON: Hola.  Good to see you. I am keen to see  this delicacy. HARESH: We've gotta  go this way he says. GORDON: Let's go.  MAMERDO: Vamos. GORDON: The cactus?  MAMERDO: Si. GORDON: That's  the delicacy there?  MAMERDO: Si. GORDON: On the  edge of the cliff. GORDON: Captain let's go.  Let's go, let's go, let's go. GORDON: Oh man.  HARESH: Good luck. GORDON: Yes. GORDON: Is that a rock there? GORDON: All this  for a (bleep) worm? Seriously? Oh man. Okay lasso.. Over 30 years of working  as a chef has all been  leading to this moment, catching a Peruvian  cactus worm with a lasso. MAMERDO: Una, dos, tres. Oh. GORDON: Haresh,  I'm gonna kill you. HARESH: You gotta  get up here first. GORDON: Oh man. 'Scuse. That is not funny. HARESH: Be careful. GORDON: This is  super dangerous. GORDON: Si, si, si, si. Wahay. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Good job.  High five. Look at that. GORDON: Seriously? (bleep). HARESH: It's  gonna be delicious. I'm proud of you. GORDON: Ay-ay-ay GORDON: They're like  giant caterpillars. How did he first  learn about these? GORDON: Excellent. And how old were you when you  first started dangling off the side of a cliff with  your dad looking for worms? GORDON: Six or seven. Amazing. I'm just gonna get  them a little bit dry. Just so it doesn't crackle. Okay go. (bleep). HARESH: Are you okay there? MAMERDO: Oh bravo. GORDON: Thank you. GORDON: Stop it. GORDON: It's like a crispy...  uhhh...like a crispy... cockroach. The taste was crispy to begin with, fine, however the inside. No. No bueno. But this is how they  survived so remotely. Protein growing  literally in a cactus. So an amazing secret  and a big eye opener. I'm blown away by the  ingenious ways Andean people  get their ingredients, it's the first time  I've ever taken a lasso  to go food shopping. But with just three days  left, one thing is certain, I won't beat Chef Virgilio  serving a plate of worms. So, it's time to ditch  the motorbike and get  my head in the clouds. Are absolutely  (bleep) gigantic. Coming in to land.  You beauty. This is the Cajabamba jungle. Said to be home to the  best fruit in the world. Look at these trees. Amazing. And I'm heading to a family  farm packed with the biggest  mango trees I've ever seen. Finally. GORDON: How are you?  WOMAN: I'm okay thank you. GORDON: Good to see you. GORDON: Oh my Lord,  um, so happy to be here. Virgilio said that you  had the best exotic fruit. WOMAN: Yes we do indeed. GORDON: What's so  special about the fruit here? GORDON: A lot more sugary.  WOMAN: Yes indeed. GORDON: So more  in depth flavor. WOMAN: More flavor.  Yes because of the altitude. GORDON: Amazing. Amazing.  Okay. How do we get them? MAN: Okay. GORDON: You can go  on my shoulders. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: The  mangoes are 100 feet up. Only the youngest,  fittest, locals pick them. GORDON: Until now. Wow. Am I getting a harness? WOMAN: Yes you are. GORDON: Okay good. Good.  Thank God for that. Don't let me drop. Okay. DAVID: Promise. GORDON: If I drop, the  food world is (bleep). You ready?  David you good? Let's go. Okay, oh my Lord. WOMAN: Go to your left. GORDON: We're going to  the rope now or not? GORDON: Gotcha. So he's  going round the outside. WOMAN: Yes and you  need to follow him. GORDON: Let's go daddy. GORDON: Okay  David here I come. (bleep). I've never made love to a tree. WOMAN: You can do it. WOMAN: Try to push yourself  up with your left elbow. GORDON: I'm stuck.  Fricking hell. I need you to get the mangoes  from here because there's no way those branches are  gonna take my weight, please? Let's go Tarzan. I haven't climbed a  tree for decades and um, I mean decades you know I  was worried I'd snap those branches then we'd all come  down so the last thing I wanna do is go into this incredible  jungle and damage an amazing tree that's been  there for centuries. Oh boy. Look at that. Wow. That is delicious. It's so juicy. The difference in the flavor  is extraordinary because it's highly concentrated so it  just bursts with flavor. An amazing discovery. It's been a real eye-opener  to see how much the strong sun and low humidity enhance  the fruit's sweetness. That amazing mango  will definitely be on  my cook off feast menu and if Virgilio asks, trust me  I've picked it myself okay? Now this country's famous  for its incredible fish and this lake produces them. Come on look at this place,  honestly if you thought Scotland was beautiful,  this beats it hands down. At 11,000 feet Lake Huaypo is one of the highest in the world and it's the breeding ground  for Peruvian silverside, a sacred valley staple. I'm down to meet an  amazing fisherman, Domingo, who is a dab hand at fishing  and like all good Scotsman, trust me, I grew up  with a rod and reel so hey capitan how are you? GORDON: Good to see you.  We good? GORDON: I'm so  happy to be here. Now the fish locally  are small, big. GORDON: Big fish. Excellent and  we're gonna use a fly. GORDON: What is that? GORDON: That's it? GORDON: No.  Oh my Lord. And where have you  parked the boat? GORDON: This is the boat? DOMINGO: Si, botes. GORDON: Really?  What the (bleep). GORDON: What's  the boat made of? What? Inner tubes. DOMINGO: Si.  GORDON: And bottles  and bits of float. Incredibly Andean fishing  boats are often made of trash. Okay. Oh my Lordie. For the locals these ingenious  low cost crafts are light weight and maneuverable. But for me not so much. (bleep). Holy mackerel. Domingo, I think this thing's gonna (bleep) burst any minute. GORDON: Oh my Lord. Gracias. If we sink, how  deep is it in there? GORDON: (bleep). Domingo. Fish. Jump. Domingo's teaching me  his highly technical  style of line fishing. So let's take some bait. Be good.  Show me. GORDON: What the (bleep). (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Bollocks. GORDON: Oh (bleep). Trust me.  You think this looks easy. It's way harder than it  looks I'm telling you. Well, I've been fishing  for a thousand hours. We never give up.  Come on fishes. Okay. Got the fish. So hey, trust me, I'll take it after all that  (bleep) hard work, honestly. Okay I'll take the scales off. To prepare our pint sized  Peruvian silverside  Domingo has a paste. What's in here?  What is that? Chili? GORDON: Delicious.  Smells good. GORDON: Thank you. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Beautiful.  Look at that. Tiny fish for two grown men. So we're gonna  eat this slowly. On this lunch, the good news  is we're not gonna get fat. Delicious. GORDON: And your boating  technique is incredible. Excellent. That was amazing. The fish was almost  like a cross between  a catfish and a trout, very sweet, very flaky, and  it was really, really good. He had the chili paste  marinating the fish in, that paste with that  chili and those herbs, you know, it's got  me thinking big time. Peru is famous for its pastes. But I have an idea for a high  altitude twist that might just help me kick Virgilio's arse. And with 24 hours  till the cook off, I wanna get my hands on a food  Andeans were the first people on earth to cultivate. Now this farmer produces  the most amazing potatoes, in fact, he's actually known  as the mad potato scientist. Also, he's known for producing  the most amazing beer, so I can't wait to meet  this guy and Haresh is  gonna introduce me to him. HARESH: Absolutely and  there he actually is. Manuel. Manuel. GORDON: Good to  see you Manuel. The mad potato scientist. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Everybody's going on  about these amazing potatoes, what's so special about them? GORDON: Wow. GORDON: Stop it. Blue?  Have you been drinking? MANUEL: No. GORDON: Let's cook it  and see if it's blue. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: With his  mad science skills, Manuel cross pollinates  high altitude potato strains once used by the Incas, and for lunch his proud  parents have prepared  some of the results. HARESH: I wanna show you  what our potatoes look like. GORDON: Oh boy. Man.  That is amazing. HARESH: Look at that. GORDON: Oh my God,  it's like a beetroot. It does not look  like a potato. You are a crazy scientist. Oh boy. You can just see that  starch coming out there. So how do you cook them? (speaking Spanish). HARESH: They're baked  in an oven. Roasted. GORDON: Baked in the oven.  I'm dying to taste these. Wow. Even the skin's delicious. HARESH: Yeah, the whole  thing it's almost meaty. GORDON: Man. GORDON: Wow. GORDON: Apparently  these stunning pigments  protect the potatoes from the intense ultraviolet  light here at altitude, what a gift for  the mountain gods. HARESH: This one's gonna  surprise you even more. GORDON: That's incredible. How the hell d'you  peel something like that, I mean literally. GORDON: And no wonder he's  still single at the age of 30 he's got no fricking chance. Who's gonna peel that. Business complete it's  time for some booze. HARESH: Beer made out of corn. GORDON: Gracias. HARESH: This is unique  to the Andean highlands. GORDON: Tastes like a  strawberry champagne. GORDON: You could give the  French a kick up the arse. And the sweetness from  those wild strawberries  is delicious. MANUEL: Si. GORDON: Mucho gracias.  Mama papa gracias. HARESH: Thank you bravo. GORDON: This is  very dangerous for me. High altitudes, alcohol  and something that's  incredibly moreish. This is the kind of discovery  that sends me straight back to my kitchen because  I've just tasted the  most amazing potatoes. I mean extraordinary. The different colors,  the different flavor, the diversity's mind blowing. And then the Chicha, I mean  that will wipe the smile off any Frenchman's, uh, vineyard. Let me tell you, sod  their (bleep) pink  champagne from now on in. Toast. HARESH: Thank you. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Salud.  Excellent. Thank you. It's the day of the cook off,  so me and my hangover are hitting Urubamba. The Sacred Valley's largest  town on a last minute mission to find culinary inspiration  and maybe some aspirin. Wow. Oh my Lord. Now that is what  I call a market. Look at the colors and  you know damn well that everything's been hand grown,  hand-picked and literally hours ago plucked straight  from the Sacred Valley. Right time to dive in. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: Seis, por favor.  Six. Seis. Gracias. Uh this one.  What is this? GORDON: To eat no? GORDON: Good luck.  I won't be needing that. But just in case. Yes. Gracias. GORDON: Potatoes.  Extraordinary. Salt. GORDON: Si. From the  local salt mines. Look at the way that glistens. It's almost like little  rough cut diamonds. Beautiful. I'm hoping these diamonds  are a chef's best friend. Oh my Lord. Amazing. Six avocado please. Couple of bulbs of garlic. And I've just spotted a big fan of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. GORDON: Wow. (speaking Spanish). GORDON: You want  me to bite it? WOMAN: Si.  GORDON: At 7:00  in the morning? GORDON: Si.  That's hot. You eat this for breakfast? Man. Ay, ay, ay.  My mouth is on fire. Madam, madam. WOMAN: Thank you, thank you.  GORDON: Thank you, thank you. Oh my Lord. Armed with a chili from  my Peruvian Spice Girl, I'm ready to face  my culinary foe. So I'm heading to Mil, a  Sacred Valley restaurant 11 and a half thousand feet up  for my cook off with the Prince of Peruvian  cuisine Virgilio Martinez. Virgilio. Man look  at this place. VIRGILIO: Hey, how are you? GORDON: You good,  good to see you. VIRGILIO: How's it going? GORDON: Uh, first of all,  that is a spot for a  restaurant honestly. You're a lucky boy. So, uh, what a week.  I have been everywhere. I understand the Sacred Valley  like it's the back of my hand. You crazy man. VIRGILIO: Are you sure. Really? GORDON: I'm hoping so. VIRGILIO: You  did your homework. GORDON: I did do my  homework so I'm dying  to get into the kitchen because I wanna show you  what I've understood and  got up to speed with. VIRGILIO: Oy, no kitchen,  we're gonna cook outdoors. You see the fire, and  this is your stove, you know, this is  our technology. GORDON: Seriously?  VIRGILIO: Yeah. GORDON: Oh stop it.  VIRGILIO: Yeah. GORDON: Bloody hell. VIRGILIO: I'm gonna  show you your kitchen. GORDON: Fricking hell. I've never cooked on  a stove like that. VIRGILIO: Yeah, you  know, we call it huatia, uh, yeah okay. GORDON: Huatia, this technique  how far does this go back? VIRGILIO: This is very traditional. This is very Inca. GORDON: And it's  stuck together with mud. VIRGILIO: Yep.  GORDON: Wow. Cooking with a mud oven  is not what I had planned. I'm the outsider so  I've gotta put my game  face on and get dirty. This is my pestle and mortar. VIRGILIO: Your station,  your pestle mortar. This is my, my stove. GORDON: I've invited  the farmers I met this  week to the feast, so I need to show them their  lessons haven't gone to waste. VIRGILIO: That's it man.  Let's make is simple. GORDON: Now I'm  gonna kick your ass. I first tasted this meat  five days ago and no, it's not a giant guinea pig.  Look at this thing. VIRGILIO: Yeah. GORDON: The alpaca's  bigger than him. MAN: Gracias. GORDON: Right.  VIRGILIO: Choose your cut. GORDON: I'm gonna  go for the saddle. VIRGILIO: Oh,  the easy one, huh? GORDON: No it's not easy, no. 'Cause there's no fat on there. VIRGILIO: I'll,  I'll pick the neck. I'm gonna use  some of the tongue. GORDON: The easy part,  oh, the braised tongue.  There you go. VIRGILIO: What  about the heart. GORDON: I love heart. Which one are  you gonna go for? VIRGILIO: It's gonna be  difficult you know these guys, the farmers they... GORDON: I was cooking  before you were born. Okay. Yeah. VIRGILIO: They but these  farmers, they eat, I mean they are very  used to eating heart. So it's gonna be tough for you. GORDON: Okay so  saddle, heart for me. You're gonna go for  the most delicious part. VIRGILIO: I'll take  the neck, let's go. GORDON: I'm excited.  Nervous at the same time. This cook is serious and I've  gotta draw on everything that I've learnt all week,  understood, searched for, dug for, fished for, climbed for and been out of breath for. The Sacred Valley,  it's like this oasis, at high altitude. Now it's time to  put it on the plate. So there's no  fat on this loin, so I just want to make sure  these already have alpaca fat rendered down almost like  we'd do traditional goose fat. The alpaca  hearts hit the stove. But it's me that's  feeling the heat. What you doing  there with that paste? VIRGILIO: I'm  doing my marinade. GORDON: Marinade. VIRGILIO: Lot of green herbs.  A little bit of huacatay. The level of  expectations are huge. GORDON: You may be a  greyhound up the mountainside, but trust me I do have an  advantage in the kitchen, which you're gonna taste. Virgilio might sense victory  with his neck marinade but I'm about to unleash  my secret weapon. Right, I'm gonna start my  paste using those amazing  mangoes and some chili. VIRGILIO: How d'you feel? GORDON: Yeah. D'you  have any oxygen masks? From my lungs to the alpaca  hearts to Virgilio's tongue, it's all happening. VIRGILIO: Right these  tongues are beautiful. GORDON: This is like a little  gastric which is done with the natural sugar and the alpaca's  like a mature sort of almost like a mature lamb with a  little hint of sweetness, so I'm gonna glaze  that as they cook. Virgilio's now cooking  his final alpaca dish. What's wrong with you?  Here come our farmers. Ay, ay, ay.  The pressure's on. Corn. (bleep) (bleep). Cover that in embers. My corn on the cob's on fire. If they survive the stove,  I'll be serving the corn with Manuel's incredible  multicolored spuds. VIRGILIO: How is your heart? GORDON: Pounding right  now, oh those hearts, yeah, they're a lot more relaxed  than my heart right now. Okay Virgilio, heart's done. VIRGILIO: Yeah. GORDON: They're happy  with the yoke pink right? VIRGILIO: Yeah. Yeah. GORDON: Brilliant. VIRGILIO: Beautiful. GORDON: And now  it's time to plate up. VIRGILIO: I mean let me  know when you're ready yeah? GORDON: I'll be one minute. VIRGILIO: Come on. GORDON: I'm hoping next  time he cooks them my way. He's gonna get married. VIRGILIO: How are you? GORDON: Just gimme 30 seconds. Finally my feast is finished. I've added my mango paste to  the loins plus Manuel's spuds, and I'm hoping the heart  are cooked to perfection. This looks beautiful (bleep). Really beautiful. But the competition is fierce. Quinoa and tongue salad,  alpaca brain omelets  and a neck stew. Okay, you good. VIRGILIO: Yeah. Let's go. GORDON: Hola.  GUESTS: Hola. GORDON: I'm the pink  man from Great Britain. Mm smell. GUESTS: Mm. GORDON: Beautiful  braised heart. Mm. GUESTS: Mm. GORDON: Now, who's  gonna say grace? GORDON: Bravo. Tough gig, a stove I've  never cooked on before, a pile of bricks,  with a furnace inside. I just wanna pay  respect to what I've learnt, you know, you've got  the best ingredients, look from this valley. So it's sacred for a reason. These farmers are the  hardest customers of  anyone on the planet. Why? Salt of the earth. There's nothing to do now  except wait for the verdict. This is not about winning,  it's about pleasing. And it's also about not  losing face with the locals in front of one of  Peru's culinary legends. GORDON: D'you think  they're enjoying it? VIRGILIO: I've no idea man,  they speak in Quechua. That was Quechua. GORDON: Quechua (bleep).  Quechua serious. GORDON: So here we go.  Fingers crossed. We're good?  Happy faces? MAN: Si.  MAN: Si. GORDON: Si, si. Okay. GORDON: Ah look see. HARESH: Okay, so that  one won the popular vote, the potatoes with  the cheese sauce. VIRGILIO: Your potatoes.  GORDON: Amazing. HARESH: But they don't  actually like everything. That dish she  first pointed to. GORDON: The heart. HARESH: The heart she says it's undercooked that's why they haven't eaten so much of that. GORDON: Right. VIRGILIO: Okay. Good.  Thank you guys. GORDON: Uh okay. How was  the loin of the alpaca? HARESH: Si, they loved it. They said it was  the best dish. GORDON: Sorry just, just  say that again please? WOMAN: And the potato.  GORDON: Potatoes and the loin. (speaking Spanish). HARESH: And they liked  that, I think that's  the brain dish right? Okay. GORDON: It sounds  like it's sort of 50/50. VIRGILIO: Okay. GORDON: Mucho gracias  for an amazing week in  the Sacred Valley and thank you for making  me feel so welcome. (applause). Cheers. Cheers. GUESTS: Bravo, Bravo.  GORDON: Bravo. Salud. Salud. Capitan. Amazing. Amazing. VIRGILIO: Have fun, yeah. GORDON: What an amazing  week and a dream come true. Why? Because here in  the Sacred Valley, I've uncovered a truly mind  blowing culinary culture using the secrets of the Incas. Amazing Andean ingenuity  and stunning altitude  enriched ingredients, the food here kicks the arse  of any fancy restaurant. Breathtaking. I don't know all but I've  definitely got a taste and now more importantly, I'm  on to my next adventure. Take care. Gracias. Captioned by Cotter  Captioning Services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 