Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted 
 s1e2 - New Zealand's Rugged South - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - New Zealand's Rugged South - full transcript 
 Gordon travels to the South Island of NZ and Stewart Island to learn about Maori cuisine. He works with up and coming chef Monique Fiso to share secrets about traditional cooking methods and unusual ingredients. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jeremy: Coming up the creek. Gordon: Right. Jeremy: And they will travel  up that waterfall here, and  they'll travel in thousands. Gordon: Up the waterfall?  Jeremy: Up the waterfall. Gordon: They have teeth?  Jeremy: They have teeth. Gordon: Do they bite?  Jeremy: They bite! Just here, just here. (bleep)! Don't let them get away. Both hands. Yes, boy!  Get him! (bleep). Gordon: I'm in new zealand  on a mission to unlock One of the world's best kept  food secrets, maori cuisine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I feel like I'm at the end  of the earth, because the  next stop is antarctica. What I know about the food of  this isolated country could be  written on a grain of rice. So, I'm starting on the remote  and wild stewart island, known  by the maori as rakiura. I'm here to meet monique fiso. Now she's a super talented  up and coming kiwi chef, And she's really blazing  a trail, putting maori  cuisine firmly on the map. She's somewhere down there  in the middle of nowhere. Gordon: Monique! Finally!  Monique: Gordon! Gordon: Good to see you!  Monique: How are you? Gordon: Good to see you, love.  Are you good? Monique: I'm great. Gordon: What an amazing place! Monique: Welcome  to new zealand. Gordon: Monique fiso is one  of new zealand's top chefs, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Trained in michelin  starred restaurants But passionate about  her maori heritage. She's on a one-woman  mission to blend the  food of her ancestors With the world of fine dining. Now, I've never ever ventured  into that maori cuisine. So what do I  need to understand? Monique: There's  four main ecosystems. There's the oceans  and the river, that's  tangaroa, god of the sea; And then there's the  mountains and the forest, Papa-tu-a-nuku,  earth mother. Gordon: Papa what?  Monique: Papa-tu-a-nuku. Gordon: Okay. Papatuawaku. Monique: Papa-tu-a-nuku. Gordon: Papa-tu-a-nuku. Monique: That's the one.  It's a complex cuisine. There's a lot of  customs involved. It's not just about,  you know, growing food  and just making it. There's a lot of like  different traditions that are  interwoven in all of the food. Gordon: The maori first  arrived in new zealand on  pioneering voyages from Polynesia in the 13th century. Although they brought  some crops with them, Much of their diet relied  on hunting and gathering  from the forest and ocean, A tradition which maori  chefs like monique are Keeping alive through  their cooking. Now, foraging, is it  big on the menu here? Monique: It is big  on the menu here. A lot of the time, it's the  only way to get your hands on  these ingredients. Gordon: Wow! Monique: And, as you can see,  I've got two machetes, one of  which is for you. Gordon: That's my machete?  Monique: That's your machete. Gordon: What? Monique: Ask all the  chefs at my restaurant. We all own a machete each. Gordon: I know, but you  don't walk home at night  with this thing, do you? Monique: No, we  tuck in our backpacks. Gordon: You tuck it  in your backpack? These machetes are lethal! Monique is a woman  I'm definitely not  going to argue with, Especially when she's on  the hunt for wild food. So this is not like walking  down a supermarket aisle. Monique: No, this is all the  hard work we do to get the  food we need to eat. Gordon: They're everywhere.  Monique, really? Monique: Yeah.  Keep going, chef! Gordon: Seriously? (bleep). But these vines are  more than just a jungle gym. At their tip is a  secret maori delicacy. Monique: So these are  the young shoots that  come off the vines, They're super tender. Gordon: Wow!  You can eat that? Monique: You can eat that.  They're hard to find. It's like a bush asparagus. Give it a try!  They're really good. Gordon: They are good.  They are like asparagus. Monique: Mm. Gordon: So soft and delicate. Monique: Yeah.  Gordon: Delicious! All I can see in this  tangled forest are potential  personal injury claims. Monique: Oh,  here's a good one! Gordon: But for machete  monique, it's like an  all you can eat buffet. What's that? Monique: Horopito.  Gordon: Horopito. Monique: Yes, it's a  native bush pepper tree. Gordon: Wow! Monique: It's super  spicy, super peppery. Have a munch on that. Gordon: Wow! Monique: Boy, that's  one's spicy! Woo! Gordon: That is spicy.  That's incredible, from that.  Monique: Mm. Gordon: Quite  numb now, my tongue. Monique: Yeah.  Gordon: From hot... Monique: And it's going to  stay that way for a while! Gordon: Is it? There's now a full-scale  forest fire in my mouth,  but monique's not done yet. It's amazing. From the beach,  it doesn't look that steep. She's got another  surprise for me, high up  in the forest canopy. That is deep in  there, monique! Monique: I know!  It's a good workout. Gordon: Isn't it? Monique: Next challenge. This is a fuchsia tree,  and the best thing  about this tree... Gordon: Go on.  Monique: ...The berries. And they're  usually way up high. So the best ones are  bright purple and  they're super sweet. Gordon: Yeah? Monique: But they're just a  bit of a pain to get, so... Gordon: So we just shake the  tree and they'll drop down? Monique: No, you're  going to have to go up. Gordon: Seriously?  Monique: Yeah. Gordon: Are you sure they'll  take my weight, the branches? Monique: We'll soon find out. I'll wait here. Gordon: That's  very kind of you. Honestly, you said,  "come foraging," right? Monique: Yeah. I didn't say it would  all be on the ground. Just a little bit further now. Gordon: Oh, (bleep)!  Did you hear that? Monique: I heard that!  Go! Ke tarzan up there. Gordon: Can you see them? Monique: I can see them  right in front of you. Gordon: Right. Bloody hell, it's windy! So, the bright  purple ones, right? Monique: Bright purple, those  are the ones we're after. If you toss them down. Gordon: They look  like tiny dates. Wow! Monique: How good are those? Gordon: It's almost  like a treetop dessert. Monique: I just think they're  one of the best ingredients  that we have in this country. Gordon: They're bloody tasty.  Fuchsia berries! Monique: Fuchsia berries. Gordon: Pretty hairy,  scaling that tree,  especially the wind. But another hidden gem, and  what a delicious little berry. There's no seeds inside, so  that's the nice thing, so it's  just bursting with flavor. The pain in the arse was, They're at the top of the  tree, not the bottom. That was amazing in there. Fascinating  flavors, contrasts. No-one's cultivating  it and growing it in  kilos, it's found wild. That's the beginning  of the journey for me. Monique: Maoris have lived  this way for centuries, Just living off the  ocean and the land. Gordon: Yeah. Monique: And I'm  preparing a huge feast  at the end of this week, For the local tribe. Gordon: Really? Right. Monique: There's going  to be a lot of elders. They are basically the  keepers of the land. Gordon: Wow! Monique: They understand this  land better than any of us. Why don't you come along? Gordon: So, cook at  the end of the week  together for the tribe? Monique: Yes. Gordon: Yeah, I'd love to. Monique: This is an  enormous challenge for gordon. A lot of these ingredients,  he's never tasted before. So, it's a totally  different ball game. Gordon: A little bit nervous,  because I've never come across  those berries and ferns and Leaves, but I'm not too  sure what to do with them yet. So that's the  difficult part up here. With the feast just five  days away, I need a crash  course in maori cuisine. So, monique's sending me  on a mission to discover  new zealand's finest foods From the land and ocean, which  is where I'm exploring today. Zane, good morning! With 13th generation  fisherman, zane. Who, like many stewart islanders, is of mixed descent, From both maori and  european settlers. What a gorgeous spot! Zane: Yes, nice spot, eh?  Gordon: It is beautiful. Now, monique suggested  I get to meet you but,  more importantly, She said you're going  fishing this morning, so I'd  love to be part of that. Zane: Yeah, absolutely,  you're most welcome. Gordon: Yeah?  Zane: Yeah. Let's go! Gordon: Waiting aboard  is zane's first mate. Morning, sir! A salty old  seadog known as fluff. So what's your real name? Fluff: Gordon.  Gordon: No, stop it! Gordon's a  (bleep) name, right? Fluff: That's right, yeah. Gordon: Yeah?  Fluff, you ready? Fluff: Yeah.  Gordon: Let's go, boys. Zane: We're (inaudible)  bay, good morning. Woman (over radio):  (inaudible) good morning. Gordon: With over 200 years of  fishing history in his blood, Zane knows these waters  better than most of  the fish around here. This morning, he's going to  fully immerse me in the life  of a stewart island fisherman. Zane: You need this, and  these are your footwear. Gordon: Holy mackerel.  They're huge fins. So, free diving? Zane: Yeah, free diving. We're going to catch paua,  which are a native new zealand  abalone, highly prized. Gordon: Paua are a unique  species of abalone, only found  here in new zealand. Monique tells me they're  one of the ocean's  greatest delicacies, Regarded by the maori  as a gift from the gods. Zane: Here's the tool for chipping the paua off the rocks. Gordon: It's like  a flat iron, huh? Fluff, can you free dive? Fluff: No, mate.  Gordon: Not with that beard! Fluff: No!  Gordon: Huh? Jeez! Man! Fluff: The mask always leaks. Gordon: The mask  always leaks, yeah. Okay. Let's go! Seriously? Fluff, can you just tie a  knot in that for me, please? (inaudible) man! Zane: So, are you all set? Gordon: Yep, ready to go! Zane: Cool. One last thing. Gordon: I'm off the coast of  new zealand's stewart island, Diving for paua, a much  sought-after shellfish. With no sharks in  sight, my guide, zane,  shows me how it's done. Looks easy enough. Now it's my turn.  Here we go! Paua cling to the  rocks on the sea bed. But there's so much kelp down  here, I can't find them and,  after just a few seconds, I'm gasping for air. That's a lot harder than  it looks, controlling  the breathing. Oh man! Gordon: There's a little surge  there as well, so you get  pushed around a lot as well. Gordon: Exactly. Paua are a protected  species and can only be  harvested by free divers. Amateurs like me have  a daily limit of ten. That's hard. Bah! Zane: If it was easy,  everybody would be doing it. Gordon: But at this rate  I'll be lucky to get one. Gordon: Really?  Zane: Yeah. Gordon: To the right? Gordon: Okay. Nice one. At last I can see my bounty,  but prizing them off the  rocks is a lot tougher Than zane made it look. Zane: No? Gordon: You can't  touch them first. Gordon: In maori legend,  paua were compared to  mighty warriors, Able to overcome  their opponents with  stubborn strength. But surely I'm not going  to be out-muscled by a  six-inch shellfish. Bloody hell!  Zane: Yeah. Gordon: I'm holding  it in my hands while  I try to pull it off. Gordon: Damn! Monique sent me here to  gather a key ingredient  for our final feast. Somehow, I think  failure isn't an option. Yeah! Woo!  Oh, that's a beauty! Well, that's two runts. Gordon: Woo! Wow!  They're so beautiful. Woo! Just a few more and I'll  have enough for our feast. The question is, are  they as tasty as monique  and zane say they are? We're having a fish fry on  the beach, and that means  I get to use the f word. Fluff! Fluff: Hey! Gordon: When did you  catch those buggers? Gordon: Serious?  Fluff: Yeah. Gordon: Blue cod. Amazing! So, how are you going  to cook these things? Gordon: In kelp? Gordon: Yeah. Is this the same kelp  that we were diving in? Fluff: Diving  amongst it, yeah.  Gordon: Wow! Gordon: And so you  literally make this  little pocket, right? Gordon: What a great idea. So  that'll burn, that will steam. Zane: Yeah.  Fluff: Yeah. Gordon: Amazing!  That'll go all the way now. I've heard of boil in a  bag, but boil in a kelp  is a new one on me. How cool is that? No seasoning, because  honestly the kelp will give  it the saltiness, right? Fluff: Yeah. Gordon: Look at that! It's  like a little satchel. Huh? It's like a little bum bag. Who needs an oven when  you've got this out here. I can't wait to taste that. Fluff: It won't  take very long at all. Gordon: There's just enough  time to prepare the paua. Gordon: So, how do  you get these out? Zane: You put your  thumb in, try and get  hard against the shell. Gordon: Right. Zane: And when you feel that  hard muscle in front of you, Just keep pushing and try  and get underneath it. It'll pop. Gordon: Man, that's  how you get them out? Zane: Yeah.  See, it pops. Gordon: Wow! It's incredible  how firm they are. Some chefs would gently  tenderize this delicacy, But that's not how  they do it here. Zane: So we wrap them  up in a cloth and give  them a smack with a rock. Gordon: Really?  Zane: Yeah. Gordon: And this is  how we tenderize them? Zane: Yeah. Gordon: So we're literally  just going to fry these now. What would you normally do? Zane: I like them for  breakfast fried whole. Gordon: Fried...  Zane: With a couple of eggs  and a bit of steak sauce. Gordon: Seriously?  What a delicacy! Just throw it in? Zane: Yeah, I reckon. Gordon: And that  is incredible. It's like stunning  rib-eyes from the sea, huh? Zane: Yeah.  Gordon: Wow, beautiful! Traditionally, paua  were served to high  ranking maori guests. I'm pretty sure none of them  were called fluff, but there's  a first time for everything. Fluff, now you're  getting the little one. Zane: Oh yeah! Gordon: Because  you didn't dive. Zane: Oh yeah! Gordon: I'm dying  to taste these, huh? Cheers, guys! My god! They are delicious. It's amazing how  tender they are now. Gordon: Huh? Gordon: Now for fluff's  kelp-cooked blue cod. Wow! Fluff! Fluff: Hey! Gordon: I love you.  That is steamed to perfection. Was that a fluke, or  are you the real deal? Fluff: I'm the real deal. Gordon: You're the real deal?  Fluff: Yeah! Gordon: What an  extraordinary day. I've understood how  precious the water is, What they get from the  sea and how they live. Now I've got to put all  this together and somehow  cook a meal of a lifetime, Because there's no excuse,  because so far the ingredients  have been second to none. Gathering those paua by hand  has given me a fascinating  insight into how little Ocean foraging has changed since the days of zane's ancestors, And I'm hoping I'm  now one step closer to Earning a place at monique's  side for our final feast. Gents, what a treat.  Thank you. I promise next time I'll  stay down there longer, yeah? Zane: Don't give  up your day job! Gordon: I'd be skint, right? Zane: You'd be  very, very poor. Gordon: Day three  in new zealand, and  it's blowing a gale. I'm about to fly  to the mountains... But my pilot looks more  like he's just out of  diapers than flight school. Good morning! Joel: How you going?  Joel, nice to meet you. Gordon: Is dad here?  Joel: Dad? No. Gordon: You're the captain.  Joel: I'm the captain, mate. Gordon: Seriously?  Joel: Jump on in! Gordon: Where's the co-pilot?  Joel: You're the co-pilot. Gordon: Oh jeez, really?  Are you kidding me? Baby-faced joel is flying me  north to the south island, Where I'll continue my  quest for ingredients  for the final feast. Now, this is where I want  to really learn about the  food of new zealand, Mountains and rivers, and  my first destination is  somewhere right down there. Alongside that, flying  with a pilot that's  barely 12 years old. Date of birth is what? Gordon: Born in '96? I'd opened my 14th  restaurant by then. The wind's throwing this  plane around like a rag doll. Gordon: Something young  joel probably still keeps  next to his pillow. Not bad at all. Thank god he didn't  (bleep) that one up! Sorry, is that on the airwave? Joel: Uh, I don't care. (bleep). Gordon: This is the  spectacular matukituki river. Fed by towering glaciers,  it's the perfect place to  find my next maori delicacy. Now, monique's arranged  for me to meet this  incredible eel fisherman. She said you'll recognize  him when you spot him. Jeremy! How are you, sir? Jeremy: Good to  see you, brother! Gordon: Good to see you! Jeremy: Good to  see you, brother. I'm going to give you a  traditional maori greeting. This is called the hongi. Gordon: Horny?  Jeremy: Hongi. Gordon: Hongi.  Excuse me. Jeremy: Nothing  horny about me, son! The touching of the  noses allows us to  share our sacred breath. Gordon: Amazing. Jeremy: Come on the boat,  mate, we're going for a ride. Gordon: Thank you, man. Invented by a  thrill-seeking kiwi... The speed is insane. ...Jet boats can hit 50 miles  an hour and are purpose built For new zealand's  fast-flowing shallow rivers. Jeremy: It's the only way to  travel when you're doing a  traditional maori (inaudible). Gordon: My god! They can also do this. (bleep)! 25 miles upriver, we've  reached jeremy's secret  eel fishing location. Jeremy: And this is  where we get off. Gordon: We're  getting off here?  Jeremy: Yeah. Gordon: Eels are one of  the most highly valued  foods in maori cuisine. Jeremy: Are you  ready, brother? Gordon: Let's go, captain. And, having spent a lifetime  studying maori culture... That is beautiful.  What a waterfall. ...Today, jeremy's going  to teach me a traditional  method of catching them. Would you find  the eels in here? Jeremy: They can  be everywhere. They're coming up the creek... Gordon: Right. Jeremy: And they will travel  up that waterfall there. Gordon: Really? Jeremy: They've got a mouth  that they can suction onto it, And they'll travel in thousands. Gordon: Up the waterfall? Jeremy: Up the waterfall. Gordon: So, this is  your favorite pool. Jeremy: This is the pool. Gordon: Yeah. Jeremy: Once you start chasing  them, they're going to want to  come and try their best to Look like a log or just get  well away from you by tucking  in under the bank here, So you're going to  fish around for it. Gordon: So there's no  line, there's no rod,  there's no bait. So the idea is what? Jeremy: You're going  to use your hands. They're slippery suckers. Gordon: Stop it!  Do they have teeth?  Do they bite? Jeremy: They have teeth.  They bite. Big fellow like you,  you'll be alright though. Gordon: (bleep) that's cold. Jeremy: Was that  something there? Gordon: No. Jeremy: No, I just saw a bit  of murky water, suggests that  something made that above us. Just here. Just here. Gordon: Stop it. Jeremy: Can you see this?  Quietly, quietly, quietly. Gordon: Oh, (bleep)!  That's a tree. Jeremy: No! That's an eel.  Don't let him get away. Both hands under his  belly and you're going  to flick him up to me. You can do it, both  hands, both hands at once. Gordon: (bleep) he's  gone back under now. Where's he gone? Gordon: Can you see it? Jeremy: He's under  the bank somewhere. Yes, I can see him. Gordon: Here. Gotcha! I'm knee deep in the remote  backwaters of new zealand's  matukituki valley... Ah! Damn! He's gone  back under now. ...Attempting to  catch freshwater eels. Jeremy: Gordon, we've got  another one just beside you. He's a little bit bigger  than the one we've just seen. Gordon: That's not an  eel, that's a tree trunk. Jeremy: No, this is an  eel beside the tree trunk! Gordon: Damn.  Now I can see him. Jeremy: What if I use  that stick, so that I  don't get bitten, And you catch him  with your bare hands. Alright. No mucking around  on this one, gordon. You're going to  lift it and throw it. Gordon: Right. (bleep). Jeremy: You have to  keep going, keep going! Just bring him out.  Bring him out! Yes, boy!  (bleep) get him! Gordon: Oh damn!  They're so slippery. Right, where has he gone now? Jeremy: Don't move.  I can see a spine in there. You've got to make sure that  you can get him in such a way That you're supporting  his weight. Gordon: Yes. Jeremy: Because  he's a big boy. Get your hands under  there, sort of tickle  him, have him relax. You've got him now, right. You're totally  committed to this. I was born ready. Gordon: Let's go! Third time  lucky, come on! You ready? Jeremy: Yeah, I'm ready. Yes! Good boy! Got it! Gordon: Well,  that is not small. Jeremy: Go on,  you've done bloody well! Gordon: Look at the  size of that thing. My god!  He's beautiful. Jeremy: I reckon  he's a good 6 kg. Gordon: That's insane. Jeremy: You know,  he can survive out  of water for days... Gordon: Serious? Jeremy: ...If he had to.  They make great pets. Yeah, I know. You can  feed them and they're. No! Gordon: I'm just amazed. I'm amazed at  the size of them. Jeremy: I'm  amazed you kissed it. Gordon: The maori have  been catching eels for  hundreds of years. Shall I put it back? Jeremy: Yeah, put him back. Gordon: But, according  to tradition, you only  take what you need, And since jeremy has  already an eel to eat, We're letting this beauty go. Gordon: You didn't tell me the  size of a fricking anaconda. Jeremy: It was  awesome, hey, bro? Gordon: It turns out he's  not just an expert fisherman, He's also pretty handy  with a homemade smoker. That looks beautiful.  It's lightly smoked, right? Jeremy: It's lightly smoked. Gordon: Look how moist it is. Wow! That's delicious.  It's so sweet. Jeremy: Thank you, brother. Gordon: There's something  so important from a  chef's point of view To get that close  with the source. How important is the food with  a maori connect for you now? Jeremy: It's all  about the puku, we say. Gordon: The puku. Jeremy: The puku,  the stomach, eh? Gordon: Uh-huh. Jeremy: That's the source  of emotions and feelings  comes from the guts. Gordon: Yeah. Jeremy: And families used to  fight to protect the eels. Gordon: Really? Jeremy: It was that important  that we preserved not only the  food but the environment. Because with this eel comes  the environment as well, and  we're really proud of that. Gordon: Those delicacies  that I've discovered from  foraging the forest, To diving and now with that  eel on top of that, it's  almost like it's one of the Best kept secrets in the  culinary world: Maori cuisine. They have so much real  close-knit connect  with ingredients. It's spiritual. And now I've got a  pedigree of maori insights, And I'm desperate  now to have a go. Thank you. Kia ora. Jeremy: Kia ora. Kia ora! Gordon: Kia ora.  Jeremy: Kia ora. Gordon: There's just one  more ingredient I need  for the final feast. Monique has instructed me  to head for the hills in  search of a mountain goat And, of course, she expects  me to hunt it myself, Under the watchful eye  of guide, dan russell. Introduced to new zealand in  the 18th century, goats are an  invasive species and, With no natural predators,  they've caused untold damage  to native vegetation. How desolated had the land  become because of the goats? Are they destroying that much? Dan: They're a real pest.  15 years ago they were  right out of control, And we need to control  them because new zealand Wasn't built to have  all these animals here. Gordon: Yeah. The maori have always  sought to live in harmony  with their environment. Hunting invasive  species may be one way  for modern-day kiwis To help redress the balance. Dan: And the best side of it,  you get to take food home that  you've sourced yourself. Gordon: Sure. Dan: Cook it up  and be proud of it. Gordon: Yeah.  That's the important part. Dan: Beautiful big  free-range goat. Gordon: Yeah.  The size of him. Dan: He knows we're here. So, I want to get so there's  a bit of a middle mound. We can go through the brush, There's going to be  nowhere for you to lay  down and get a shot. Gordon: No. Dan: We'll sneak up and  just put eyes on him. Gordon: Sure. Dan: I hoping that, when  we get round this ridge Another 200 yards we'll  be in shootable range. Gordon: Sure enough,  just beyond the ridge... Dan: I see it just here. Gordon: ...We  spot two more goats. Dan: I'll try and get closer. Gordon: He's looking over.  Dan: Don't let it see you. Gordon: I need to act fast,  but we're on uneven ground, Making my shot  extremely difficult. Dan: Dig that knee in, dig  your elbow into that leg. They're onto us.  So close the bolt. Gordon: (inaudible) closed. Dan: Safety's off.  Gordon: Thank you. Dan: Just take your time.  How steady can you hold it? Gordon: Yeah.  Yeah, I'm on him now. Dan: And you reckon you  can shoot it like that? Gordon: Yeah, I'm on him now. Dan: The green light  to shoot if we can. Dan: Just take your time, and  you want to hit right on the  edge of the shoulder. Gordon: I'm hunting wild  mountain goats, high up in  new zealand's southern alps. Dan: There you go,  there's your shot, there. Pull it tight  into your shoulder. Are we good to  shoot like that? Gordon: Yeah, I'm on him now. Dan: Alright, take your time.  We're not panicking. Gordon: (bleep)  dan: Good work. (bleep) good shooting! Gordon: Yeah, it's a  lot harder when you're  balancing in the air As opposed to laying right down. Dan: And I don't normally like  doing that shot, but we had no  other option here, And they're onto us. Gordon: No. And there's no  flat ground here, is there? Dan: I had confidence  you were going to hit him. Gordon: The heart's  beating like big ben. I mean your  adrenalin is pumping. It's windy, we're on the edge  of the cliff and the hard  thing was taking the shot on Your knee as opposed to  lying flat and being,  you know, 100% accurate. But you had that split second  and you're down that barrel  and it's in your sight, You've got to take the shot. This is not wrapped up in  clingfilm and stacked on the  shelf in a supermarket, This is proper  outdoor wild hunting. Monique stipulated, you know,  get into the mountains,  understand what we live off, And I'm happy that goat is big  enough now for both of us to  share and it's definitely Going to be the  centerpiece for our cook. It's my final day in  new zealand, and I'm  back on stewart island. Big day today. It's time to put everything  I've learnt into practice, so  a little bit nervous because I'm coming out of  my comfort zone. Tonight, I'll serve a  maori inspired feast  to a group of elders With my kick-ass mentor. Monique! Monique: Gordon!  Gordon: I survived. Monique: Oh, you survived?  Gordon: Oh my lord! You good? Monique: Oh, I'm excellent. Gordon: Let's just hope  this cook goes to plan. If not, monique's going to  have my balls in a vice. Monique: What have you got? Gordon: So, I've got my  herbs, I've got the goat,  I've got the paua. Shall I light the fire? Monique: Not yet.  Gordon: Go on. Monique: First, we  need to dig the pit. Gordon: The pit?  Monique: The pit. Then we've got to light the  fire, heat these rocks until  they're glowing red. Then we're going to put  our food in the ground, And then we're going  to wait a few hours. Then we're going to dig it  back out as if it wasn't  painful enough to dig the Hole in the first place, and  then we'll serve the food. Gordon: Why a pit? Monique: Because  this is how we do it.  We're doing a hangi. Gordon: How far down?  Monique: 2 feet. Gordon: Stop it!  Monique: I'm not kidding. Gordon: Dating back to their  ancestors in polynesia,  1,000 years ago... This is crazy! ...The hangi is a  traditional maori method of  cooking food in the ground. Monique: So,  you've gone eeling.  Gordon: Yeah. Monique: You've  gone goat hunting.  Gordon: Yeah. Monique: You've gone diving.  Gordon: Yeah. Monique: You've  gone into the forest. You've discovered all  these amazing things  about new zealand. Are you ready for tonight? Gordon: To be honest, yeah,  I'm a little bit nervous Now that I'm digging a  pit to cook my goat in. You didn't tell me at the  beginning of the week that  we would be digging a hole And cooking in a pit. Monique: I always like  to leave a few surprises. Confident? Gordon: Yes!  Monique: Oh, that was. Gordon: One hour of  hard labor later, we're  ready for stage two. We are flaming, girl! Monique: This is going  to burn for two hours  so, in the meantime, We'll get all our stuff  ready to put in the pit. Gordon: Time to get cooking. Starting with my mountain goat  and those fiery leaves we  foraged from the forest. Right! Monique, what are you  rubbing your goat with? The horopito? Monique: Using  horopito on yours? Gordon: Yes. Monique: Me too.  Nice and spicy. Gordon: Nice and spicy. That's going to be  the pepper flavor in  there as well, right? Monique: Yeah, that's ght. Gordon: In my kitchens, I use  foil to wrap meat, but that's  not the maori way. Monique: Alright, no  tin foil, no worries. Gordon: We're  using puka leaves... Do we wrap veins  inside or outside? Monique: Inside. Gordon: To stop the meat  drying out during cooking. And harakeke flax to  tie them together. That's one done. I mean it's a little bit  prehistoric, but it's done. Right, next one. Monique: I'm just going  to check this real quick. Oh, oh! I think it's  coming undone, chef! Gordon: Not tight enough. Monique: I think you  might want to start again. Gordon: Bloody hell's bells. It looks easy tying  these things but it's  not, you know that? Monique: Just like  your shoelace, gordon. Gordon: Right. Monique: I'm sure  your kids could do it. Gordon: Holy mackerel! Fragrant and highly strung,  and that's just me, Our goat goes into baskets  lined with aromatic herbs. The sweet potatoes in as well? Monique: Sweet potatoes  in, and we just put  them in the gaps. Gordon: Oh man!  Monique: Heavy, huh? Gordon: Yeah. So too are  the now red-hot rocks. (bleep) how hot is that? Monique: Must be 1000 degrees. Gordon: (bleep). Monique: Alright, almost there. Now let's get the  food on. Like that. Gordon: Next, the pit is  covered with soaking sacks To create a primitive  pressure cooker. Monique: Then.  Oh, did you hear that? Gordon: Yeah. Monique: That's  the steam starting. If you (inaudible) your shovel. Gordon: Finally, because I  haven't been punished enough  already, more shoveling. Monique: Faster, chef! Gordon: I've met some hard  workers in my time, but  monique is on another level. If there's ever a cook that  complains about the stove,  I'm sending them to you. (bleep) (bleep)! What an amazing technique.  An underground oven. There's no cavity wall  insulation, there's no digital  clock to set the time. There's no convection.  You got a (bleep) hole, baby! So there's no fricking  way I can have a sneak  peek at my goat? Monique: No. Gordon: You've buried it.  Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. Monique: Your food is in  the hands of the gods. Gordon: May it  rise deliciously. I've never felt more  like a fish out of  water than I have today, Because I can't  touch anything. I can't double check for  that level of perfection,  because that's it, It's in there now, and  roll on three and a half  hours, because if that, If that's not  cooked, I'm done. Can I go and lie down, please? Monique: We've got  some sides to do. Gordon: Oh my lord.  Monique: Chef! Gordon: You are relentless.  Monique: Chef, come on! Gordon: And, surprise,  surprise, monique's  side dishes are hidden In an unusual place. Where are we going? Monique: We're just going for  a little walk in the forest. Gordon: Something tells  me she isn't making  coleslaw and fries. Monique: We need  to find some huhus. Gordon: Some what?  Monique: Some huhu grubs. Gordon: Some huhu grubs?  Monique: Yes. They live in fallen  wood, rotten wood. Gordon: Right.  Monique: Here we go! Gordon: And  they'll be in here? Monique: They'll be  right in the middle. There's a big market  for it in this country. Gordon: Seriously? Monique: It's almost  as expensive as caviar. Gordon: Is it considered  as that much of a delicacy? Monique: It's that  much of a delicacy. Gordon: Girl, you've lost it.  I'm telling you. Monique: Too much  time in the bush! Gordon: Yes. Yes. Monique: Just keep  cracking some of these open. Oh, there we go!  There we go! Gordon: Native to new zealand,  huhu grubs are the larvae of  the longhorn beetle. Monique: Oh yeah!  That's a grade a, I reckon. Gordon: You grade your grubs? Monique: We grade the grubs. Gordon: Stop it! Monique: Yeah, and  I'll happily pay 180 to  190 for one of these. Gordon: Really?  Monique: Yeah. Ooh, that's a  nice fat guy, too. Gordon: (bleep)!  Monique, monique! Monique: Don't they  look delicious, gordon? Gordon: They do  not look delicious. Monique: Oh yes.  Gordon: So they taste of? Monique: They taste of peanut. I know that does not look  like a jar of peanut butter. Gordon: You don't  eat it raw like that? Monique: Yeah. That's its face, so it's  a little, little spikes. So those might bite  you on the way down. So you don't want  to start there. You want to pinch its  face and eat its tail. Gordon: So pinch this  end and bite there? Monique: Yeah. Monique: I'll tell you what.  I'll go first. Gordon: Please.  Monique: Okay. Gordon: It's final feast day  in new zealand, and the menu  has taken an unexpected turn. Monique: Great! Mm! Gordon: (bleep). This is really  good, really creamy. (spits). Gordon: (bleep). They're (bleep) disgusting! Monique: They're so good! Gordon: Peanut butter?  Monique: Yeah. Gordon: Your peanut  butter must be different  to my peanut butter I grew up with. No,  that is not for me, no. Monique: I'll show you. I'll show you how  they can be used. Gordon: Yeah, the only  thing that's nutty will  be the person eating them. We'll soon find out. While monique pounds those  gross grubs into a pulp to  make a creamy sauce, I crack on with my  next dish, with another  ingredient from my travels. One of the dishes I am super  excited about is the eel, Because getting those  things was incredible. So I'm just going to grill  this with a little ginger  teriyaki glaze. Manuka honey. How exciting is that? Next, I'm going back to the  fuchsia, to make a chutney  to accompany the goat With those beautiful  berries I picked from  the top of the tree. So, caramelize the garlic,  shallots and ginger with a  little bit of raw cane sugar, With some butter. I'm gonna use the peppery  horopito leaves and then I'll  drop the berries in. Monique: Are you  going to try the huhus? Gordon: May I?  Monique: Go for it! Gordon: See now,  it tastes of peanut. Monique: Exactly.  Gordon: See. How could it be so  delicious coming from that  disgusting rubbery bug? At the risk of sounding  like an animal undertaker. Is that going to be ready? Monique: Looks ready to me. Gordon: It's now been three  agonizing hours since we've  buried our goat. That smell is incredible. It's almost like we've  opened the oven door. Okay, on three.  And again. Monique: Three. Gord: Heat  coming out of there! Right. Monique: There we go! Gordon: The question  is, is the goat cooked? Oh my god!  Look at that! Seriously. Argh! Bam! It's almost time to  serve our maori feast. Our honored  guests are arriving. They may have mixed ancestry  but, make no mistake, They take their maori  heritage very seriously, Especially when  it comes to food. Monique: What, are  you still cooking? Gordon: Yeah, sorry. I'm going to be  super quick, okay? Literally 30 seconds, please. With kings of the ocean,  zane and fluff at the table, I'd be thrown to the  sharks if I didn't cook  them some pan fried paua. Monique: (bleep) oh god! (inaudible) if we  don't hurry up. Gordon: That was  just tenderizing the  paua, by the way. Monique: Come on,  come on, hustle! Gordon: I'll be 30  seconds, I promise. Literally 30 seconds. Monique: Guests  are staring at us. Gordon: Are they? Monique: Need to  move, need to move. Gordon: I know,  I know, I know. Right. Coming out of the  pan in five seconds. Monique: Five, four. Gordon: Hold on, my lemon.  Monique: Three, two, one. (makes timer noise). Gordon: I am ready. Alongside my pan fried  paua, my goat with  fuchsia berry chutney, And with my teriyaki glazed  eel, I'm serving a raw salad  of wild foraged herbs. To accompany her goat,  monique's made her signature  huhu grub sauce, Maori potato flatbreads and  hangi steamed pudding. Gordon: What a day! And when you experience cooking like that for the first time It becomes even more special, Because it's special  ingredients for special people  with a special young chef. And then the uniqueness of  it, because you start with  those raw ingredients That are hand-sourced, and then you stick them in the ground And all of a sudden this  whole thing comes to life And you start taking in this  culture that has been a  tradition for centuries. The question is,  have I done it justice? I've never been so nervous  putting something into a hole And waiting three and a  half hours for it to cook. Because I'm a control freak.  So did I pass the test? Guests: Yeah. Yes.  Man: It's very nice. Elder: Everything's superb. The goat with this sauce on  it, that's incredible, that. And the paua was to die for. Monique: Gordon  did an awesome job. He's picked up a lot in a  really short time about Maori ingredients and  maori cooking techniques. I didn't think a brit  would pick up our way  of doing things so fast, But he's impressed me a lot. Gordon: Spending this week  with monique has been amazing, Because in many ways she  reminds me of myself at 31. The difference between her  and I is that I was trained  in a modern european style, And she's trained  in a maori style, And this connect together  has been a wonderful lesson. Fluff, apart from half  the food in your beard. Are you saving that for later? What was your favorite part. Gordon: If you're ever in  london, you're more than  welcome to come and join me At my restaurant for dinner. Fluff: I definitely will. Gordon: Here in new zealand,  I've discovered unique  ingredients. Wow! That's delicious. And learned  ingenious cooking methods. So that'll burn,  that will steam. Zane: Yeah. Gordon: Which deserve to  rival some of the finest  food on the planet. It's almost like a sacred  cuisine, and they have every  reason to be over-confident. But no, they take the opposite  route because, I think, Deep down inside  the maoris don't want  this secret out there. But they've inspired me, and I'll carry this inspiration with me wherever I go. Captioned by cotter  captioning services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 