Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted 
 s1e4 - Hawaii's Hana Coast - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gordon Ramsay: Uncharted (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Hawaii's Hana Coast - full transcript 
 Gordon travels around Maui's Hana coast meeting colorful locals and collecting unique ingredients for the big feast at the end of the week where he'll have to show his skill to create his own twist on Hawaiian classic cuisine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (thunder and wind) gordon: Bloody hell. Look what's happening  to the road down here. It's disintegrated,  literally into a river. Look at that. (bleep). The actual bridge is  filling up with water as well. I've never seen a river  running across the bridge and a massive river  running under the bridge. Look at that river down there.  Holy mackerel. Don't wanna hang around  here long, trust me. Otherwise, I'll  be (bleep) toast. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is the untamed corner  of hawaii, the hana coast. I'm 2,500 miles  out in the pacific,  on the hawaiian islands, exploring maui's  rugged hana coast. It's home to an  incredible culinary culture. Here, hawaiian's staggering  array of unique indigenous  ingredients rubs shoulders with exotic foods,  brought here by immigrants  from across the world. I've heard the results  are mind-blowing and  to find out first hand, I'm meeting trailblazing  local chef, sheldon simeon. So excited to be here,  look at this coastline. Sheldon: Yeah,  this is amazing, right? Voyagers came here,  using the wind, the stars, the birds and they  found this magical place. Gordon: Appropriately,  for the home of surfing, sheldon's been making  waves with his modern spin  on classic hawaiian dishes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His two restaurants showcase  the best of the island's  diverse multi-culture cuisine and trust me, there's  a lot more going on here, than  chucking pineapple on a pizza. (laughs). Sheldon: Everyone's not  really from hawaii, everyone  had to come from somewhere, and my grandparents came  from the philippines when  they were just teenagers. The trade winds brings  all these different cultures and they kind of  seamlessly melt together. Gordon: What does this  part of the island mean  for you, food wise? Sheldon: The families that  live here, they don't have the  convenience of going down to the local supermarket,  so they get everything  from the ocean, foraging from the mountains. Everyone knows where  the refrigerators are and  they're right in the rocks. Gordon: So, we are on  uncharted territory right now,  this is off the beaten track. Sheldon: Yeah. Well,  we're excited to show you  and you got a lot to see and a lot to discover,  and we're gonna  start right now, chef. We're gonna  meet some foragers. Gordon: Are these your boys?  Sheldon: These are my boys. Gordon: Hi, guys.  Man: Hi. Gordon: Ina and alan are  the kings of harvesting  hawaii's unique sea life. They're gonna show me  where the bounty's hidden. Man: Do you reckon  you'd jump in the water? Gordon: Yeah,  where do we start? Man: Let's go down here.  Gordon: Okay, I'll follow you. Sheldon: Alright, chef, I'm  gonna leave you guys to it. Gordon: Thank you. To gather spiky sea urchins,  the guys carry everyone's  favorite rhyming tools, homemade prongs and  old chef's tongues, as well as blades to  prise shellfish from  the rocky shoreline. A recent downpour has cut  visibility to almost nothing,  so I'm really struggling. Lucky for me, the boys  have found a sixth  sense for seafood. Alan finds sea urchin,  or wana, and ina bags a  delicious spiny lobster. Gordon: Look at this.  That's incredible. Man, that was tough. Man: Oh, yeah. Gordon: Great job.  A tough snorkel. Visibility's difficult, but  what a bounty of ingredients. Sheldon, that was  magical in there. Sheldon: Oh, I'm just  enjoy here on the beach. You guys got some stuff, huh? Awesome. Gordon: Oh, no,  it was a great job. Sheldon: You guys got some  sea urchin, some lobster,  some wana and some opihi. Gordon: Yeah, I'm dying  to taste those things. And, I'm not alone,  opihi are a protected species, that can only be harvested  above a certain size, so I let the boys take  care of that delicate task. Guys, thank you. Good to see you,  great job, thank you. Man: You guys have fun. Gordon: Decent  sized lobsters, huh? Sheldon: Yeah, so in hawaii,  it's all spiny lobsters,  they don't have the claws. How about we taste  some of this opihi? Gordon: So, how would you cook  that, would you grill them? Sheldon: Oh, you would  grill them, but I like 'em  just actually like this. Gordon: What, raw like this? Sheldon: Raw, like this.  So take another one. I actually got some  handpicked salt here. Gordon: Wow. Sheldon: You can  see that it's stained,  from the lava rocks. But we'll take the smaller  one and then kind of  use that as the shucker. Gordon: Oh, I see.  Sheldon: To get it out. Gordon: Got ya. And then  the whole thing goes in? Sheldon: Yeah, the  whole thing goes in there. Gordon: That as  well, everything? Sheldon: All of it, chef.  Gordon: Cheers, bud. Sheldon: Cheers.  Gordon: Ah, they're delicious. You can taste that sweet  crunchy creamy flavor. Sheldon: Yeah. Gordon: And all that natural  saltiness, not just the  seawater, but your salt, just lifts that  to another level. Mmm, that's delicious. Sheldon: It's only a small  little part of what hawaii is. Gordon: Right. Sheldon: There's  a lot to discover. The first indigenous food  were from the polynesian that  came and found the islands. Gordon: Right. Sheldon: And then  the next influx of people,  like my grandparents, who came to work on the  sugar cane field and brought  all their different culture. Gordon: So, if you  look at the base of the  dna of hawaiian food, it's a melting pot. Sheldon: Every time  somebody leaves their marks, it's one layer of deliciousness that's added to it. Gordon: As the latest  arrival on these shores, I'm dying to add  to the melting pot, and sheldon tells me,  I'll get a golden opportunity. Sheldon: I've set up this  feast that we're gonna  feed the locals here and you're gonna  cook for them. Gordon: Wow. So, a big  feast at the end of the  week for these families? Sheldon: Yeah, and  bring a little bit of  your history to it. Gordon: Sounds  fascinating, thank you. I'm about to start  this incredible journey, but if this is what  the beginning's like, can you imagine what  kind of treat I'm in for, by the time we get  to the end of the week? If I'm gonna add a pinch  of my scottish heritage  to this hawaiian banquet, I've got to come up  with something better than  haggis on a pineapple ring. I've definitely  got my work cut out. So, I'm hitting the island's  coast road for inspiration, but I've got to be careful,  this road hits back. Gordon: One of the  most dangerous drives  anywhere in the world. Really tight, windy roads,  add the rain to that  and you're in hot water. Apparently, in the sunshine,  the views are breathtaking,  but maui is one of the rainiest places on earth,  so I think I'll be doing more hydroplaning than  sightseeing this week. Gordon: Flooding everywhere,  and look, bits of trees  floating down the road. These roads are so slippery. All this heavy rain makes  me think of two words,  british summertime. I need a pit stop. Now, they say that the  huli huli chicken shack is one  of the most sought-after sort of road side dishes  to pick up on route. So, this is it, and  I'm dying to see what  all the fuss is about. With its sauce created by a  portuguese american local,  using his mother's recipe, huli huli chicken is a typically crossed cultural dish. The main man  here is a local legend,  known as uncle russell. They look incredible. Now, everybody's talking  about this chicken. What is so special about it? Uncle russell: Well,  you know, the huli is a  hawaiian word for turn. Watch this.  Did you see that? Gordon: I missed it.  Uncle russell: That's a huli. Gordon: That's a huli. Uncle russell: When  you do it again, what  do you get? Huli huli. Gordon: Huli huli. Uncle russell: Yeah, huli  huli chicken is a barbecue  chicken hawaiian style. Gordon: The color they  are already, is it brine,  did you marinate it? Uncle russell: What we do, we  marinate it with hawaiian salt and we let it sit  overnight and then we put  a secret sauce on there. Gordon: May I have a smell? Uncle russell: Yes. Gordon: But, there's  a secret combination there, you're not gonna share  it with me, are you? Uncle russell:  No, of course not. Gordon: Bloody hell.  That smells. That's intense.  This is beautiful. Uncle russell: Nice. Gordon: I love the way  you're caramelizing that. Can I just say, I  mean, the power of this  grill is extraordinary. Uncle russell: You look  like a natural here, you  sure you don't wanna stay and help me cook the  rest of this chicken? Gordon: I'd love to, but  I've got a long journey. What is that, window cleaner? (coughs). Uncle russell: No,  we squirt our sauce in  there and we... (coughs). Gordon: (bleep)! Is there alcohol in there? Uncle russell: No,  but it should be. And then these birds  are ready to come off. I really appreciate  the free labor. Gordon: I don't mind  helping, but I got a  busy day ahead of me. (laughs). Gordon: What's the secret  behind this chicken? Uncle russell: The  secret is to go slow. Gordon: Go slow. Uncle russell: Just  take your time. I know you're in a rush,  gordon, but you just need to  slow down, because in hawaii, we go on hawaiian time. You wanna try  some of my chicken? Gordon: I'd love  to, yes, please. Keep up the good work. Uncle russell: Thank you. Gordon: And when you're  hiring, yeah, I'll be back. Uncle russell: Okay.  Gordon: Okay, good man. Wow, talk about  dinner with a view. You don't need a knife  and fork for this, look at  the color of those wings. Delicious. I've seen chefs that have spent thousands of dollars on the most expensive rotisseries, that have got nowhere  near the flavor in the chicken  that I've just experienced. Tasting the trade winds come  to life, and this portuguese  inspired hawaiian dish has really got me thinking about  how I might put my spin on the  feast at the end of the week. The sun's back, for now,  but I've no time to tan,  like a rotisserie chicken. I need to crack on,  exploring the island's  food, for my feast. So, sheldon's arranged for  me to meet kimi werner, she's a chef and a  world class free diver. Only in hawaii. Now, they say she's one of  the best divers on the planet. This lady can hold her  breath for up to five minutes. And, for me, the exciting part  is that she's gonna teach me  how to hunt, right down there. And I can't wait. I can't believe  the color of this. Kimi: It's so gorgeous.  Gordon: Oh my god. Kimi's taking me  to the fishing grounds, 15 miles along the  spectacular hana coastline. Free diving, with  no air tanks, makes me  nervous, but I'm pumped, which is only gonna make  it harder to hold my breath. The secret of  controlling our breath. I mean, you do it for  just under five minutes. As a novice, what's  the fast track secret? Kimi: Above all,  it's relaxation. If you can turn yourself  into a docile stingray,  this is in the bag. Don't wait until you  think you're gonna die  and then you need oxygen. To do the job,  we need to be calm. Gordon: If I see a shark,  trust me, that's gonna be  hard for me to stay calm. Kimi: Just kind of nudge it. Gordon: Nudge it.  Kimi: Just nudge it. Gordon: Just nudge it.  Kimi: Gently, hold  your ground. Gordon: (bleep). Kimi: You're good at  that, right, gently  holding your ground? Gordon: Yes, but on top of  the water, not underneath. Are they around this  time of year here? Kimi: I mean, yeah.  That's the ocean. Okay, so this is  going to be your tool. Gordon: Yeah. Kimi: So, this is your  trigger mechanism, obviously,  and when you see a fish, you're gonna look  right down your shaft. Pull the trigger. Gordon: Got ya. Kimi: Try not to take a  shot, unless you feel this  buzz in your finger, you feel this natural instinct, you feel this confidence that just says, I've got this. If there's any  question in your mind,  do not take a hail mary, because you're  just gonna scare away  the whole school of fish. Gordon: Yeah.  Kimi: Let's do it. Gordon: Yeah. I've heard sharks  can sense fear. Right now, I must be lit up  like a neon sign at a roadside  diner and I'm dish of the day. Gordon: Spearfishing  in hawaii, I'm like  a fish out of water. Thank god I've got  free diving champ,  kimi, for a guide. She makes it look so easy. Damn, she's good. Despite my fetching  camouflage, I  can't hit a thing. Kimi: You were that  close, that close. Don't get frustrated. Gordon: Oh, man. Kimi: Like, really,  you're almost there. That was a good fish too. Gordon: How do you keep your  breath under such control. 'cause you're holding onto  the seabed, you've got  the spear in the other. Kimi: And the current  is pushing you back and  forth, the entire time, so it's a lot of work. Gordon: Right, here we go. Kimi: That was  awesome, though. Gordon: Right, hold my breath.  Line up my sights. This is just like  shooting fish in a barrel, a very big pacific ocean  sized barrel. Bingo. Kimi: Awesome.  Gordon: Got a beauty. I held onto the rock, bent  round the corner, and just  waited for him to pop up. Kimi: Oh, that was awesome. Gordon: Woo! I don't  wanna come out.  Amazing, honestly. (sighs). What a teacher. It makes you want  to live underwater. It's that exciting. You don't wanna come up. I wanna go back again. Kimi: This is an ana nui. Gordon: Ana nui?  Kimi: Yeah. Gordon: Did you grow up  eating fish like this? Kimi: My dad would go  spear fishing to put  food on the table and this is one of the  main fish that he fed us. Gordon: Wow, how cool.  Beautiful. So you literally eat this raw? Kimi: We always would  eat this fish raw. This fish eats a  lot of seaweed and so, it tastes different all on  different parts of the island, depending on what type of  seaweed is growing there. Gordon: Thank you. Wow. Kimi: Can you taste that? Gordon: That was delicious  and it does taste a little bit  seaweedy, a little bit salty. Kimi: Ah-hmm.  A lot of times we  add seaweed for flavor. Gordon: Yeah. Kimi: With this fish,  it's already pre-seasoned,  because of it's diet. Gordon: I mean, it was  like the perfect trip to any  fishmonger you'll ever go to, your entire life. I didn't think it would  taste that good and my  god, without any dressing, without any chili,  or any soy. And so, that's got me  thinking now, you know, do I make this feast  predominantly around  the fish locally, or is it meat right now? Honestly, I'm  spoiled for choice. One thing's for sure, a  fish that seasons itself  is a new one on me. If only it could catch  itself and cook itself,  I'd be laughing. But with my feast now,  just three days away, it's time to widen  my search for some  incredible ingredients. So, I'm gonna  meet a local farmer, who's an expert in hawaii's  most famous native dish, poi. Wade, good morning. Wade: Oh, what's up, bro? Gordon: The king of poi,  good to see you, bud. Wade: Oh, good to see you.  Gordon: Absolute pleasure. Wade: Now, we're  blood brothers. Gordon: Now, we're what? Wade: We're mud brothers. Gordon: Mud brothers. Thank you. How long every day, do  you spend in that mud bath? Wade: Three or  four hours a day. Yeah. Gordon: Poi is made from  taro plants, which were first  brought to these islands by the polynesians,  around 1,000 years ago. Gordon: (bleep). It's slidey.  It's like a mud bath. The mud is pretty  tough to deal with. Much like wade's laugh. Gordon: Ah, come on, (bleep). But, he's gonna be showing  me taro picking, which  requires a special skill. Wade: You know karate?  Gordon: Yes. Wade: Oh, side kick it.  Gordon: Side kick it there? Wade: Yeah.  Gordon: So you put  your foot down first? Wade: Yeah,  and then, your heel. Heel, toe. Yeah,  and you push 'em under. Gordon: Why are  you doing that? Wade: 'cause otherwise  it'll break inside. Then you got  only half the taro. Then you gotta  dig with your hand. Gordon: This is true. So you're using the base of  your heel, to snap the roots. Wade: Right. Come on,  boy, let's go. Gordon: I know, I know, I'm  trying to get the, I'm trying  to get the mother one, here. Wade: This can't  be that hard, bro. Step up, yeah, like this,  push 'em, put your toe open. Gordon: So you put  it between your toes. Wade: With your toe and  you step and knock 'em over. Push 'em.  There you go, boy! (bleep), we're gonna make a  farmer out of you yet, bro. Gordon: And pull up  with the roots, right? Wade: Yeah, and you always  wash and rinse and rinse 'em. That's correct.  Clean 'em good now. Gordon: Look at the color  of my (bleep) toes, man,  what have you done to me? Wade: You know, the people they pay big money for mud baths, you're getting free, bro. Wade: That's enough,  that's plenty. Gordon: What a  technique though. (bleep). That's amazing. We karate chopped our taro  from the mud bath, but they're  a long way from becoming poi. First, they must spend a  few hours in wade's steamer. At least there, they  can't hear his laugh. Gordon: Obviously, if the  skins are nice and warm. Wade: Right. Gordon: They come off  relatively easy, right? Wade: Right.  It's like a potato. Gordon: And what  would you eat it with? Wade: Corned beef.  Gordon: Right. It's almost like your  mashed potato, then? Wade: Right.  Gordon: Yeah?  Wade: Right. Gordon: Yeah.  Packed with starch. Is it healthy? Wade: Oh, yeah.  You can eat nine  pounds of poi a day. Gordon: Stop it.  Wade: And don't get fat. Gordon: Stop it.  Wade: Mmm-hmm. Gordon: You've hardly  got a six pack. So, we've steamed them,  we've cleaned them,  what do we do next? Wade: Now, we go inside. Gordon: Peeling these with  you reminds me of peeling  potatoes with my grandma. Wade: I don't look  like her, huh? Gordon: No, but  you sound like her. So, what happens next?  What is this contraption? Gordon: We put them in there? Wade: And you hold on the  top here, you just press. You go slow and every now and  then, you grab a little water. Gordon: Got ya. Wade: And then you push  'em all the way down till  you hit, there you go. Coming out. Gordon: That's it there.  Look at it. It's like this big,  thick, gloopy lava. Wade: That's poi cream,  instead of ice-cream. Gordon: Poi cream.  Wade: Poi cream. Gordon: Now, please  tell me, is that done? Are we ready now? Wade: No.  Gordon: Stop it. Wade: Not yet.  One more thing. Gordon: Stop it. Wade: Box 'em in like that.  Box 'em in now, poom, poom. Smash your hand now. There you go, that's  the go, that's what  capelli means, boxing. There, you hear that sound? Yes, sir, now you  feel 'em, bro. See? Get your hands in there bro. Gordon: But it feels  like you're slapping  somebody's arse. Wade: Whatever it takes, bro.  Gordon: No! After beating the poi within an inch of its life. Wade: But you did good,  bro, you did real good, bro. Gordon: Last time  I saw a bucket like that,  I was about to wallpaper and paste my mum's kitchen. Wade: You know what?  You can use this too, bro. Gordon: Oh.  Wade: This would good stick. Gordon: The poi is  finally ready to taste. Wade: Lovely, right. I can tell, you're  not saying a word. Gordon: (bleep). 'cause I'm (bleep)  lost for words. Can we season that  with salt and pepper? Wade: You can do whatever  you want, but not  over here, that's sacred. Grandma would turn  over in her grave, bro. We don't want that  to happen, man. Gordon: I do not  want that to happen. Do you think this  work in a dessert? Wade: Oh, yeah.  Hell, yeah. We eat everything. Gordon: Good job, bud,  been an absolute pleasure. Good to see you, bud.  Thank you so much. Wade: Yeah, same here, bro. (speaking in native language). Gordon: I'm stuck  between a rock and  a hard place right now, whether it's a dessert,  or do I go down into a savory? But, when you have  a producer that is still  in love with something, after decades of making it,  I need to do it justice,  because if I don't, trust me, not only  will he let me know,  but he'll kick my ass. Now, I'm still in search of that incredible centerpiece, the protein and I'm on my way  to meet an incredible hunter. The big problem I have,  is that this guy hunts  with a bow and arrow and I've never done that. Accurate bowmanship puts  food on the table for  game hunter, robin kean. If I don't embarrass myself,  I'll count that as a win. Robin. How are you, sir? Robin: I'm doing  well, mr. Ramsay. Gordon: They say that you  are the best on the island  with a bow and arrow. I've never shot these things,  but, we'll hope for what? Robin: Oh, we're  going after axis deer. Gordon: Right. Robin: We have goats,  deer and pigs out here, and they're  all non-native to the island. Gordon: Right. Robin: We do have to  bring the numbers down. They are affecting  the ecosystem. Gordon: Wow.  So, big nuisances. Robin: Big nuisances. Let's gear up  and get out there. Gordon: Axis deer were  first introduced to hawaii  as a gift from hong kong to island royalty. What a view. Robin: Wait till  we get up top. Gordon: But, with no natural  predators, the population  has exploded and over grazing badly damages this  beautiful landscape. Enter hawaii's  answer to robin hood. Robin: Oh, the wind.  The wind's gonna screw us. Gordon: Why?  Robin: You feel that's  just swirling on us? Gordon: Yeah.  Robin: And you have  all that cologne on. Gordon: (bleep).  Robin: So, we're  gonna move real slow. Get down to the shadows? Gordon: Yes. Robin: Then we're gonna get across and then, hopefully, into the dip and then  we're gonna go up the dip. So when you draw. Gordon: Yes. Robin: Try and keep your  bow low in one quick motion, 'cause you can slowly  rise up after you draw. Don't move,  don't move, don't move. The farthest right black  one is the best one right now. We need him to get into this  ravine, so we can cut across. You gotta sneak  up on him, right? Gordon: So, I'll follow you? Robin: Yeah.  There are two over there. Gordon: Is it close  enough to shoot? Robin: No. Stay low. They see me. Gordon: There's two more.  Robin: Yeah. Gordon: Yeah, just in there.  Robin: Yeah, go for it. Shoot. Robin: Try and  keep your bow low. Gordon: (bleep). I might look like rambo, but it seems my first  blood is still some way off. This could be a long night. Robin: They're out  of there before the  arrow even got close. Gordon: And what is it,  because they hear the bow? Robin: Yeah. Sound's  faster than the arrow. Gordon: Yeah. Damn,  that's bloody hard. Because I got in a great  position, 60, 70 yards. And literally, the minute  I let go, they jumped. So, I missed my shot. I might have no idea  about hunting deer, but  fortunately, robin does. And he's let me have  one he shot earlier. It's a win for hawaii's  delicate ecosystem. Let's just hope it's  a triumph on my menu. Robin: I cooked some up  here, if you wanna try it. Gordon: So, this is the  loin here, just seared? Robin: Yeah, this is pretty  much one of the best cuts. You can almost eat it rare. Gordon: That's incredible  and so, it will be feeding  off what we're standing on now grasses and berries. Robin: Grass, guavas, mangoes. Gordon: I honestly  thought that was gonna  be a lot tougher. That is delicious. Wow. I'm just amazed, it's  almost like a super lean beef. Robin: It's 98 and  a half percent lean. Gordon: Is that what it is? Robin: Yeah. Gordon: Wow. The good news for me, is that I've got it for the cook and that's a dream. Brilliant.  Absolutely brilliant,  great job. Thank you. Robin: Yeah, cheers. And yeah, you owe me for  that arrow that you shot. We couldn't find it. It was a clean miss  though, good job. Gordon: Damn. I've now just  got 48 hours to  finalize my hawaiian feast and if I'm gonna impress  the locals, my cooking  needs to really hit the spot. Unlike my archery. Now, I'm on my way to  meet an amazing owner of one  of the most incredible farms, ono farms, on this island. Ono, that means delicious, and  I'm hoping to find delicious, incredible fruit that I  could hopefully, utilize and  use across the final cook. There's 70 tropical  fruits grown on this farm. I mean, there's bound to be  something there, that I've  never seen or tasted before. Almost all of hawaii's  fruits arrived on these  shores from other nations. Farmer chuck boerner's  family have introduced  six varieties themselves. Gordon: Chuck!  Chuck: Hey. How you doing? Gordon: What an amazing farm. Chuck: Welcome.  Gordon: Thank you. Chuck: Yeah, you  haven't seen anything yet. We're gonna start right here with some red bananas, which I've been saving for you. Gordon: A red banana?  Chuck: Yeah. Right here.  Grab one. Gordon: Any one? Chuck: That's a  good one there. Gordon: Thank you. Bloody hell, look at  them in the sunlight,  they are really red. So the skin is red? Chuck: But look at that  orange that's on the inside. Gordon: Absolutely delicious.  They are so sweet. Chuck: Aren't they? I think we ought to take  a couple along with us,  in case we get hungry. Gordon: Yeah, good idea.  You just throw? Chuck: Compost.  Gordon: Are you gonna drive? Chuck: Yeah. Gordon: Come on then. Ooph! Yes. Chuck: Okay, we're off.  Huh, hold on. Gordon: When chuck says,  hold on, he (bleep) means it. (bleep). He floors  it around his farm circuit,  like it's the ono raceway. Gordon: (bleep).  On every branch, it seems there's a  new fruit to see, if  they don't blind me first. (bleep). (bleep). Chuck's first pit stop  is to harvest papaya. We're going in here? Chuck: Yeah. Alright. Gordon: Chuck, seriously?  (bleep). We race on, to  sample some cacao seeds. Chuck: Don't chew 'em, just  suck on 'em like a candy. Gordon: Wow, delicious. Ooph!  Chuck: Yee-haw. Gordon: Wow. Grass  doesn't look as long,  when you're sat inside. You jump out,  then it's bloody long. Chuck: Yeah, just watch  out for the snakes, huh. Gordon: There's  snakes in here? Chuck: No snakes in hawaii. I'm just thinking of  fruit you've never  had, called bilimbi. Gordon: Bilimbi?  Chuck: Yeah. Gordon: No.  Chuck: It's close by, yeah. Gordon: Thank god for  that, I'm feeling sick  with your driving. Oh, my god, it's sour. Chuck: Ah-ha. Yeah,  it's not too sweet. Gordon: Bloody hell. (coughs). What do you use 'em for? Chuck: As a lime substitute. Gordon: So, where  are they from? Chuck: Originally, they're  from the philippines. So that's all  part of, you know, how hawaii is in the middle  of the trade winds out here. Gordon: Chuck, what  an incredible insight. Also for me, seeing fruit for  the first time and tasting it, again, another layer's  been peeled back on this  incredible combination of cultures and cuisines. Thank you. Chuck: Good. Gordon: Drive  carefully in that car,  will you, please, yeah? Chuck has given me  some great ideas, like,  never let chuck drive. But he's also  shown me some incredible  ingredients for the feast. But, there's another  storm breaking. Look at that. (bleep). I hope this jeep is  equipped with an anchor. The actual bridge is filling  up with water, as well. I've never seen a river  running across the bridge and a massive river  running under the bridge. Look at that river down there. Holy mackerel. I don't wanna hang around  here long, trust me. Otherwise, I'll  be (bleep) toast. Bloody hell, and  look what's happening  to the road down here. It's disintegrating,  literally, into a river. So right now, it's not  an engine you want,  it's a (bleep) paddle. Wow. Making like a skid path, because I'm  literally spinning my  wheels, as we go round. Look at that. That's what I  call a waterfall. Listen to that roar. Oh, boy.  That is ridiculous. The power coming from that  is absolutely incredible  and the spray is insane. But that is  breathtaking. My god. A perfect shower on a  very humid, stormy day. Every corner,  there's another waterfall. Any other country, it would be  a national landmark, but here,  it's almost like a bus stop. The rain is relentless and  right now I could really  do with some comfort food. So, I'm heading for a  slice of hawaiian heaven. Everybody's in love  with banana bread, it's almost  like a staple here in hawaii, and I'm a big lover,  I grew up with it. But they say,  sandy's is the best. I can't wait to see  what the fuss is about  sandy's banana bread. Morning. Sandy: Aloha.  Gordon: Oh, aloha,  how are you? Sandy: Very well.  Gordon: Oh, my god, the  smell is extraordinary. I am dying to try  some banana bread. Sandy: I can't give it  to you, you're so mean. Gordon: What?  It's not me. It's the idiots I  have to work with. I don't mean to curse,  it's just, unfortunately,  they (bleep) drop out. So just show me how you make  it then, give me something. Sandy: Sure, sure, if  you promise not to yell and  swear at me, you can come in. Gordon: I promise.  Sandy: Come in the back. Gordon: Come  in the back. Excellent.  Man, you're a toughie. Oh, dear, my  reputation precedes me. Time for some damage control,  doing what I do best. Sandy: So we're gonna put  flour first and then sugar. Gordon: Salt.  Sandy: Simple, simple. Gordon: Right.  Sandy: Look how much  bananas go into the mix. Gordon: All of that in there?  Sandy: All of it. And then we're gonna  put our hot melted  butter right over it. Gordon: Wow.  Sandy: So we're gonna  mix it, almost like s's. Like just s's. Gordon: S for (bleep).  Sandy: Or super. Gordon: Damn, I  slipped up here. But my charm offensive  seems to be working. Without a measuring cup  in sight, they're judging  the quantities completely by eye and it looks great. Sandy: We have four  generations that work in here. My father is hawaiian chinese. He and seven generations  of his family are  original to this spot. Gordon: So, the  essence of the trade winds, it festers this incredible  melting pot of different  origins, different cultures. Sandy: That's what hawaii is. Gordon: Here we go. Oh, man. The smell coming  from this oven is amazing, and it's taking me  back to my childhood. I can't wait to taste it. Sandy: Mmm, oh you did good. Gordon: That is  (bleep) delicious. Sorry.  That is delicious. Sorry. Banana bread that  makes you curse. Sandy: Ah-hmm.  Gordon: It's that good. Sandy: Yes.  Gordon: Oh, my god. Sandy: You're a lot  nicer in person. Thank you very much. Mission accomplished. Sandy: So nice to meet you. Gordon: Thank you so much. Sandy: Thank you.  Gordon: God bless. Delicious. Thank you.  Bye bye, thank you. Sandy: Aloha. Gordon: (bleep) weather. I've got just 24 hours  left, to put my own unique  twist on a hawaiian feast. Tasting that banana  bread has got me thinking  about my dessert. I could use banana, or  maybe that poi cream. But there's one more local  delicacy to try, breadfruit. It's another canoe plant,  brought here centuries ago,  by exploring polynesians. But, it's a new one on me. Mike is a guardian  of the largest breadfruit  collection in the world, with over 150 types  to choose from. Gordon: What's so special  about the breadfruit, mike? Mike: You can do anything  a potato or rice can do. Gordon: Right. Mike: Complex carbohydrates,  a lot of vitamin a,  vitamin c, a lot of protein. Gordon: But is it a fruit,  or is it a vegetable? Mike: It is a fruit. Gordon: But it can be  used as a vegetable. Mike: You bet, yeah. Gordon: Wow. That's what the  trade winds legacy blows in, food with an identity crisis. Gordon: That's amazing.  Mike: Break that  open with your hands. Gordon: Really?  Just tear it open? Mike: Yes. Gordon: Bloody hell. Whoa!  So that's strong inside there. Mike: Yeah.  Gordon: Huh? Mike: You can tell the  sweetness, try to grab  a little bit like. Gordon: (bleep).  Mike: And then. Gordon: (bleep).  I don't know. Do you know, with the  new baby, diapers everywhere,  I'm just not sure that, argh. Mike: So imagine that  in a pot, with some  chocolate, some honey. Gordon: Have you been smoking? Mike: No, no,  that's the real deal. Gordon: (bleep). Yeah, how can we turn this thing into something delicious? Mike: I challenge  you to make something  with this breadfruit, on your trip here in hana. Gordon: So, I think what  I'd like to start off with,  is maybe a firmer one, a less ripe one. Mike: Okay. Gordon: Because I've  got a couple of ideas, but I'm just not too sure  about the super sweet one. Mike: Sure, yeah, I got  some right over here. Gordon: Thank you. Mike: And we can  pick a couple more. Gordon: Great. Breadfruit,  let's be honest, not the most appetizing looking fruit, stroke vegetable. It's almost like,  finding the right stage  of that breadfruit and you turn it into a  vegetable, or into a dessert,  'cause that was super sweet. Yeah, intriguing, it's  definitely got me thinking. This is it, the final cook. And for me, it's time to  give back, understanding what  these trade winds have done for this incredible island, but more importantly, give back, the way the  island's given to me, because it's been amazing. Let's hope I do the  forage and the diving,  the hunting justice, no egg on my face and give  them a meal to remember. Five days ago, chef sheldon  sent me off on my journey. Now, it's time to show  him what I've learned. Gordon: Sheldon!  Sheldon: Hey, what's up, chef? Gordon: How are you, bud?  Good to see you, my man. Sheldon: Hey, man.  Oh, you're alive. Gordon: Alive. Barely. Sheldon: Still kicking.  Gordon: What a week.  Bloody brilliant. Sheldon: You got to meet  a bunch of my friends  and the people of hana. Gordon: Yes. Now I get it. The trade winds,  what it means, but more importantly, this  bounty of produce, incredible. You started? Sheldon: I started, which... I've been slaving  away, I even built a  fire already for you. Gordon: You're making  me feel bad now, huh? Sheldon: That's exactly  what I'm trying to do. Gordon: I'd better get going. What's that  called, by the way? Sheldon:  No, so, we're cooking in  the imu, the fire pit. Gordon: And is it  gonna be hot enough? Sheldon: You feel it on  your balls, don't you? Gordon: I can feel it. (bleep). Now I can, yeah. Huh. Roasted testicles is the least  of my problems, sheldon's  clearly in his element. If I don't step up, I'm toast. Gordon: I'd better  get started, bud. What's your centerpiece? Sheldon: I'm gonna  be cooking ulu. Gordon: Hulu? Sheldon: Ulu, breadfruit. I forgot, I gotta keep  on going back to the  layman's term for you. Gordon: Yeah, I'm sorry, yes. Sheldon is cool as a  cucumber, but I'm really  feeling the heat now. And not just from that fire. Sheldon: What's amazing about  this, I'm actually just gonna  bury it underneath the coals. Gordon: Oh, really? Sheldon: Yeah, and  it'll steam in itself,  I will cut the skin off and it will be  beautiful on the inside. Gordon: And how will  you finish that off? Sheldon: First thing I  made you do was forage  for those sea urchins. Gordon: Yes. Sheldon: So we're just  gonna top it off with that. Gordon: Wow, wow,  wow, wow, wow. While sheldon cracks on with  his traditional dish, I let  him know how I've decided to put a british spin on  hawaii's finest food. Gordon: I'm gonna use  breadfruit as well. Sheldon: Okay. Gordon: Like an incredible  mashed potato for the  cheap cuts from the deer... The belly, the neck, the  shoulder, and make like a,  don't go crazy now, look at that face,  almost like a shepherd's pie. Except we're not using  lamb, we're using deer. Sheldon: Alright. You've come to hana,  to cook a shepherd's pie. Gordon: No, it's  gonna be a different  take on the shepherd. Imagine a shepherd's pie  with the most amazing  venison in there. Sheldon: Alright, I guess  I have to just see it. Gordon: Sheldon's not hot  on my pie, that's a worry. Gordon: I'm running  behind, man. Trust me, the taste  will blow him away. Gordon: Oh,  (bleep), that's hot. Gordon: Huh. Bloody hell, I don't think  that needs turning up. I'm gonna fry up all  the vegetable first. Sheldon: Okay. Gordon: And then  add the venison to it. That is so hot. For his main course,  sheldon's preparing one of the  weirdest fish I've ever seen. Gordon: What's that  fish you've got there,  what's that called? Sheldon: This is opelu kala. Kimi got this  beautiful shot on it. Gordon: And you cook  it whole like that? Sheldon: So, we're gonna  cook it whole, kind of  in its shell, so to say. Gordon: Right. Sheldon: It has this  crazy leather skin. Gordon: That's incredible.  I've never seen that before. Sheldon: Feel how rough it is. Gordon: Yes, it's  almost like a dolphin. Holy (bleep).  That's hot in there. (bleep). (bleep). Oh, sheldon, what  are you doing to me? So far, I'm the  only one cooking. All you've done is  stuck it on the fire,  and laughed at me. Sheldon: I think  I've watched one of  your shows, you said, "work smart, not hard."  chef, so. Gordon: Yes. Do you mind  just giving that  venison a little stir, please? You checking the  seasoning on that? Sheldon: It's definitely  seasoned, chef. Gordon: Yes. A  little bit too much salt? Sheldon: A touch, a bit. Gordon: (bleep).  What was that? Sheldon: It's some of the charcoal kind of popping, telling you to hurry up. No, no. Gordon: Dodging flying embers,  I crack on with my dessert. I've got big plans for  that hawaiian staple, poi. Okay, now possibly  for one of the boldest  things I've ever attempted. I'm gonna make a poi custard. Sheldon: A poi-nacotta?  Gordon: A poi-nacotta.  Exactly that. So, I'm gonna finish it  off with a little bit of  a whipped coconut cream. Sheldon: I heard uncle  wade had some words to say  to you in the taro patch, you wasn't doing  your part, man. Gordon: I know,  what's that guy like? Honestly. My toes  are still caked in mud. What a character,  though, huh? Do you think  wade's gonna like this? Sheldon: I mean,  there's only way to see. Gordon: Yes. Sheldon: I can assure  that it's never been  used in this form before. Gordon: Really?  Let's hope he likes it. It's not long until  all the guests arrive and  I'm really up against it. Are you good? Sheldon: Yeah, I'm  gonna get some of this  lobster on the grill. Gordon: Stop that, you're  not cooking are you? Sheldon: I'm actually  cooking, chef. Gordon: Oh, my lord. Sheldon: So, ginger,  garlic, black bean,  that's a lot of flavor. We're gonna tone that down,  with some coconut milk. Gordon: Beautiful. And  you've grill the lobsters,  the lobsters go inside? I've still got to  make the topping for my  hawaiian shepherd's pie. Gordon: Breadfruit is  cooked, so you can slice  that with the butter. That's beautiful. So, that is now  ready for mashing. At last, I can  start my final dish. More of robin's deer. Seared loin steaks, glazed  with soy sauce and lime. But, before I know  it, our guests are sat  down and are waiting. Everyone who's taught me about  hawaiian cuisine is here, to taste my  take on their food. No pressure then. Sheldon: Chef, are  you ready to serve? Gordon: Yeah,  ready to go, bud. Finally,  my feast is finished. Shepherd's pie, made with  venison and breadfruit mash. Seared venison loin,  with breadfruit gravy. And for dessert, poi panna  cotta, with kukui nuts. (bleep). But sheldon's also  pulled out all the stops. Opelu kala fish in seaweed and  lemon sauce and spiny lobster,  cooked in spicy coconut, with breadfruit. Topped with a fern  and sea urchin garnish. Gordon: Yeah?  Sheldon: Let's go. Gordon: Aloha.  Group: Aloha! Gordon: Am I pleased  to see you guys. Let me help. Oh. Group: Oh! Woman: Opelu kala.  Man: Yes. Gordon: On the back of those  incredible trade winds that  have helped put this unique cuisine together, I  thought I'd bring a bit  of wind from scotland. So this shepherd's  pie, this is my take. Enjoy, please,  all of you, dig in. Ah, amazing. (applause). Gordon: Enjoy. What an amazing  insight to unlock all  those incredible secrets, to understand what true  hawaiian cuisine is all about. Phenomenal, because it's  multi-layered and incredible. From what the ocean gives  you, to what the mountains  deliver, on a different level. What do you think's going  through their mind, right now? Sheldon: I could tell  you what, they've never  had shepherd pie made with the local venison. Man: Chicken and rice. Uncle russell:  You know what this  is a huli huli chicken. (laughter). Gordon: Fingers crossed,  one little treat, as a  parting thank you, really. I took that poi, turned  it into a poi-nacotta. Now, you're either gonna  love it, or you're gonna  hate it, but, you know, I've got thick skin,  so I can take it. So, please, jump in. I'm gonna wait till the man  takes one spoonful over there. Man: Wow.  Woman: Gordon, it's awesome. Man 2: Delicious.  Man 3: Number one.  Man 4: So good. Gordon: Well, at least  they like my poi-nacotta. But now, it's  the moment of truth. The hana community leader,  kaui delivers the verdict. And kaui, what's the  general consensus? Kaui: The venison was really  soft and it's nice taste. And then, heads up to sheldon  with, you know, stuff that  we are super familiar with, the opelu kala. The lobster was  nice and refreshing. But I think, overall, we  all agree, that shepherd's  pie was pretty amazing. Woman: Comfort food. Kaui: Flavorful. A little bit on the salty side. Gordon: You called it.  Yeah, you're right. An amazing day and great  feedback from, not just  experts, but proper islanders. But for me,  a week of a lifetime. You've been amazing, bud. Sheldon: Thanks, chef. Gordon: Thanks, man. Right, onto the next adventure. Good luck, bud.  Good to see you, man. God bless.  Thank you, bud. (applause). Sheldon: Thank you. Gordon: Who'd believe  this far out in the pacific, you'd find an incredible layered surprising trade winds cuisine. A fish roasted in its  leathery skin, that's so  moist and luscious inside. A muddy root vegetable,  that can make a delicious  dessert and torrential rain, that grows such  mind-blowing fruit. My hana coast experience  this week, a chef's dream, because I've packed  so much into it, but, truthfully, I've  got so much out of it. Captioned by  cotter captioning services. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 