Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s2e2 - D-Place - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 2, Episode 2 - D-Place - full transcript 
 The venue for tonight's second programme is D-Place in Chelmsford, Essex run by Mexican-born Israel and his English partner Tara. They've sunk £150,000 of their own money into their trendy café bar which offers a vast selection of fusion cuisine. In charge is Executive Chef Philippe, producing everything from all-day breakfasts to hoi sin noodles with an astounding lack of flair; the plastic food is dire and boomerangs back from the dining room as soon as it's cooked. Restaurant manager, spunky Essex boy Dave, loathes his chef, and their mutual hatred spills over into permanent running battles. Faced with dysfunctional staff and a disastrous menu, Gordon is about to face the longest week of his professional life. Can he quell the panic, banish the deep fat fryer and bring D-Place back from the dead, or will it disappear forever? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 And now we return to 2005 where  Gordon gets to grips with another  Kitchen Nightmare. Contains strong language  from the start and throughtout.  If we're going to do horrible food let's do it all the time.  If you cooked like this in France they'd hang you  from the Arc de Triomphe  by your bollocks.  'I've got seven days to transform  the food and banish the bullshit.' The oven's not  even hot enough to roast a potato. We can't even cook a fucking burger in there.  'But the staff are at war.'  You don't look an idiot.  I do, cos I'm serving someone  your fucking shit food.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'If I'm gonna get  this place back on track...'  Go, three club sandwiches, quick!  '..something's got to give.'  If you're not interested on pulling on the rope, fuck off.  I have had enough of this.  Hang on. Hang on, let me finish.  Are you ready for this?  Yes. > Big day, uh? Don't fuck it up.  Essex, an ancient Saxon county,  more recently  colonised by Essex girls,  boy racers and footballers' wives. And now a Mexican...  Calling Dave.  ..called Israel.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Find out why he's not here.  Five years ago  he brought trendy fusion cuisine  to the heart of Chelmsford.  He opened D-Place Cafe-Bar.  It seemed that he'd found  a winning formula.  Great place, great music,  great service, great food,  the right price.  And it worked perfectly.  Over the space of two years  Israel built a mini empire of  five businesses.  But success didn't last long.  Fusion restaurant and bar.  'Three years later  all but D-Place are gone,  even this place is hanging on by  a thread.  If I don't do something drastic  then, you know,  this business will go down the pan. Having invested a £150,000 and with a quarter of a million pound loan  from a national brewery  Israel and his partner Tara  are at their wits' end.  So you've had the success then.  It was busy. Now it's  pissed through your hands.  Classic example in business,  trying to run before  you can walk without consolidating. How quiet is it?  As bad as it's been.  The restaurant's losing money,  the bar is supporting  the restaurant. The sales have  dropped  by more than 50% in  comparison to three years ago. How desperate are  you to get it back?  Very. Desperate.  I'm at a crossroads. > Do I still give it  another go or do I return the keys to the landlord next month and say, "I'd better go  and do something else."  < You don't look like a guy that  would give in easy.  No, I don't.  Israel is up to his neck in debt  and doesn't own the building.  If this goes tits up,  he and Tara will lose everything.  Yeah, I said to you, "Ten second."  In a last-ditch attempt to win  back customers, Israel has employed one time wannabe fighter pilot,  now high-flying executive chef  Philippe Blaize.  Can I have two avocado and shrimp?  With 25 years' experience,  Monsieur Blaize came hot  from the multi-million pound stables of Belgo and Planet Hollywood.  I thought, "Well,  "why not give a try  to the countryside of England."  At Planet Hollywood,  I had 150 people working for me,  you know, so here it's a lot  different.  You know, I've got,  er, two or three chefs, you know.  We get some great feedback,  but the only problem is that  the guests don't come in.  Even on a dead cert like Valentine's night, out of 84 available seats  only 24 have been booked.  But at least that means the  missus and I can get a table.  Ah, happy Valentine's Day.  From the Valentine special menu I'm having a scallop and shrimp cocktail for mains and a tiramisu  creme brulee for dessert.  Sorry, I decided to bring it myself  because I had trouble getting  a waiter.  Thank you.  You're welcome.  Phew, microwave rice straightaway.  God!  Just a...just a mess really.  Nice scallops  need cooking ten seconds each side, but they're chewy  with overcooked dried prawns.  They're fucking, it's there.  Dave.  Dave.  Phil's nemesis and maitre'd  is 25-year-old Essex boy Dave Bone. I think you need to have  quality rather than  quantity on a night like tonight.  Treat people with the respect  they want and the special manner.  How is your meal?  We'll go straight to  the creme brulee I think.  Straightaway?  Didn't you ask for  the tiramisu, though?  Isn't it a tiramisu creme brulee?  Sorry, do you work here?  Straight to dessert, please.  Rubbery and overcooked.  I'm sorry?  I said, "Rubbery and overcooked." > And I'm not the  only one complaining.  I ordered salmon and...  er, which sounded lovely and,  but it just wasn't quite cooked.  At least my pudding should be  a safe bet. It's a French classic  so Philippe should be able to  make it with his eyes closed.  And it looks like he has.  Creme brulee, it's liquid.  It's a first for me,  I've never had a runny creme brulee. I should have asked for a straw.  It's fucking embarrassing.  Oh, come on, it's not all right.  Excuse me, Dave.  < No. No, no.  Like, listen to me.  I don't want to. I don't want to.  OK, then, go.  I'm the person who looks an idiot.  No. No, no, you, you don't..  Because of you.  You don't look an idiot, OK...  I do - I'm serving  someone your fucking shit food.  Look, Dave,  go back to your restaurant.  Anglo-French relations  seem to have hit a new low.  Yeah, and I'm saying to you  when it's ready I will ring.  It's Valentine's night and  all I can hear is  the fucking chef shouting. Let's go. We made hard work of nothing,  and what I didn't experience  was any passion.  Well, I did think that,  er, the scallop dish was,  was actually very, very good.  The ones I ate were like rubber.  Hmm.  And I'm really sorry but I've never known a Frenchman to make such  a shit creme brulee in all my life. We've got a lot of work to do.  Hmm.  Fuck me.  'Awful food, bad service.'  Cor, fucking hell,  definitely not "D-Place" for me.  Fuck me.  Israel and Tara have sunk everything they own into D-Place and they're  hugely indebted to the brewery.  The odds are really stacked  against them, but I like them  and I also like a challenge.  I want you out of the kitchen.  Goodbye. You can go to the toilet.  Lunchtime in the kitchen is the  busiest time of the day and  Philippe is back to his normal menu. I'm really hoping it's a damn  sight better than last night's crap, otherwise we really are  in the fucking shit.  Cheeseburger, Thai noodles.  The Thai noodles coming now.  With over 40 dishes to choose from, Philippe's menu is global both  in size and choice.  What is that?  This is salsa sauce.  Holy fuck.  'Everything from all day  English breakfast, Hoi Sin noodles  'to Mexican Platters,  this is definitely more confusion  'than fusion. Some of it's  even served in a bread bin.'  People don't eat out of that surely? Are you taking the piss?  Well, we, we give it  a bit of a foliage.  70% of Philippe's food is bought in ready prepared.  And what's happened to that?  'The Frenchman even gets his  baguettes delivered frozen.'  Fucking hell.  'And buying in ready-made food is an expensive false economy.'  What's the most popular dish today? Er, the hamburgers and the crepes.  Are they home-made though?  Er, yes, they are.  All right, upstairs.  Oh, finally. Thank you very much.  You've only just fucking rang it!  Philippe's two sous chefs, Munya and Alsyma, are young and inexperienced. They clearly know nothing beyond  Phil's warped culinary world.  And what's that in there?  Splash on sauce.  Uncle, Uncle Ben's? Fucking hell.  When do you want to be a head chef? Three years.  Fuck me,  you'd better move your arse.  All right, where have they  all gone now?  I've got a table here ready.  Munya,  when do you want to be a head chef? Well, maybe in about ten years'  time.  Probably have my own place I think. That's what I would like.  'They may be hungry for success,  'but if they think this is cooking  they're in for a surprise.'  Very lumpy that, isn't it, no?  It looks like fucking porridge.  'The bells. The bells.'  Can you tell me if this is starter  and this main course or is it  all together?  Yeah, please, because I can't guess. You didn't take the Nicoise, the one which was here was the Greek Salad. Lunchtime service should be  a quick turnaround, but with all  the cock-ups the customers are lucky to get their food within 45 minutes. And it's not helped by the  full scale war raging between  restaurant manager Dave and  Philippe.  What is it between you and Dave,  cos you hate each other, right?  Er, pretty much, yeah.  And when the food does make  it out to the customers, it comes  boomeranging back just as fast.  Phillipe. He said it's not cooked  properly.  Which one?  It's my mistake obviously,  er, I should have spotted it  before it went out.  And it's  not just the undercooked fish  that slips through Philippe's net.  What happened?  She just said it's  a bit runny inside.  What's going on? The plates are  fuller coming back than going out.  He said it's not cooked properly.  It's not what?  It's not cooked properly.  It tastes shit.  Stodgy and fucking disgusting.  How many is cooked there?  'Burgers can be barbecued, grilled or fried, but the secret to success 'is to cook them to order.'  Look how thin they are.  We don't cook burgers now,  they're not even on order.  Er, we're pre-cooking them either  for tonight or even for tomorrow,  because the thing is...  For tomorrow?  The thing is, the oven is  very, very slow and we can't put it  any higher than that.  Have you lost the plot?  No.  Have you gone a little bit  fucking bonjour?  No.  And so how are you gonna  cook that again tomorrow?  Er, it will be reheated in  the microwave.  Holy mackerel!  'And the tortuous treatment of  innocent food doesn't stop there.'  And you deep-fried the bacon now?  We do, yeah.  Did you cook like this in France?  Well, er, no.  You'd be fucking shot in France.  They'd hang you  from the Arc de Triomphe  by your bollocks.  We're in the shit. >  Well, if we want to  turn the business around,  yes, er, I, I have to agree.  We're in the fucking shit.  Cafe-bar D-Place  is in deep trouble.  In the last year food sales have  dropped £7,000 a week, and,  depressingly, since I arrived I've found few positives to build on.  It's time for Israel to pull his  head out of the sand  and smell the coffee.  Looking at the situation  I can confirm I'm shitting myself. I'm worried about the situation  in the kitchen. The idea of cooking. There's not a lot of  that going on in there.  No.  The standard...is pretty crap.  And what I have identified lately is lack of pride.  Yeah, and a huge lack of respect.  Too many individuals  like you've got now will completely fuck the business, but have you  lost respect for your business?  No, I've lost sense of pride for the business. It starts from the top.  You have to stay fucking strong  and on top of it, because without  your determination you're fucked,  and we need to turn their attitudes around and get, get their heads out of their arseholes and fucking  get this place back on track.  The animosity between  Dave and Philippe is dragging  the business down.  They're like a whinging old couple. So on day three it's time to start building bridges  with some tried and tested marriage guidance tactics.  Hold out your hand.  So whilst you've got that egg  in your hand tell Dave  what you really think about him.  Well, Dave, you're just an arrogant little bastard.  < Er, you know,  you think you know everything,  you're the most beautiful.  You're the most perfect guy there is, and, er, that's the bottom line.  Hand out.  I think you're talking out  of your arse, aren't you?  Because when I do  try and talk to you,  and if I do shout, it's because you argue and don't let me finish.  So from now on stop being a stubborn fucking French bastard,  because we're not gonna work at all and this place is gonna go down.  There's nothing that I would like  more than actually being able to work with the manager of the restaurant.  And this whole  exercise is not personal.  It's about business  and doing your fucking jobs.  And I just beg you both  to continue talking to one another, because that hasn't taken place.  Understand each other's jobs.  Now, shake hands.  For the better.  It's not just Phil's relationship  with Dave that's worrying me.  He seems to have lost any  real command of his kitchen.  Can I have vegetable noodle?  An efficient brigade fires on  constant motivation  from their head chef, but Munya and Alsyma are left to fester  in bottled sauces and frozen  deep-fried food.  I've never seen a mushroom like  that before. Where are the..  They're breaded mushrooms. Breaded mushrooms.  They're picking up one bad habit  after another, and Philippe  doesn't even seem to care.  Being in Essex, you know, people tend to like their omelette well cooked. So this is an Essex omelette  not a French omelette.  It's not a French omelette.  Oh, OK.  Holy Mackerel! Show me.  Yeah, Now that's a...  That's fucking cooked, uh?  It's time to find out what happened to Philippe Blaize,  executive chef extraordinaire.  I see a man in front of me  at 40 years of age, French,  that's had bloody good jobs before at the executive fucking level,  whether it's Belgo or  Planet Hollywood, but I don't see anything that resembles a chef.  If you are buying so much food in  and it's making you look shit.  Yeah.  Why aren't you fighting against  that? Chefs fight for reputations  and show the hunger to the  customers of making them happy.  It's true.  Up to a point, I may have given up  because I see that there's no hope. Thank you.  But I am still as hungry as I was  to actually do and create things.  OK, well, I want to help you,  and I want to work closely with you to get things back on line,  just to install  that bit of fucking pride.  You've just said it.  < Get it back.  When a business stops making money it's tempting to stop investing  in it, and it's blatantly obvious  that's exactly what Israel's done. The dining room is tatty  and the kitchen lacks  some of the basic essentials.  You've got to give this man  the tools in order to operate  this fucking restaurant properly.  I'm frustrated that we've got  a freezer full of crap and we've  got an oven that doesn't work.  So we've got to get  our priorities right.  Your business, you're employed  as the head chef.  You both have to start speaking  the same language.  That is absolutely critical.  I hope this is the beginning of  things to change and that  if Philippe has felt in the past  that he's been put under pressure  to cut corners...then not to  cut corners without talking to me. With the lines of communication open and the promise of vital equipment on the horizon, Philippe and I  can start thinking about the food. Do you not think the menu's too big? Yes, it is.  Maybe, finally  we're starting to get somewhere.  To pull in lunchtime diners,  it's out with fusion confusion  and in with a snappy menu of tasty, fresh food  that can be pushed out quick.  I'm trying to lift it.  I don't want to get complicated.  These guys... No, of course.  aren't in a position to get  anything complicated done.  That's pretty obvious.  And Phil's come up with  a classic French sandwich  to get our creative juices flowing. You're passionate about  the Croque Monsieur?  I do like it, yes.  When you're so passionate about  something as delicious as this,  how can you make that baguette with the chicken and the plastic cheese? This is water off a  duck's back for you.  You're a Frenchman,  this surely must be  the kind of food you like cooking?  Yeah, it is.  I've seen you more relaxed  in the last ten minutes  than I have in three days.  Yeah. Yeah.  It would be nice for you  to give a little bite to the guys  and tell them about it.  Yeah, I will.  Show them a little bit of  sort of passion.  At last, some real food,  and it smells delicious!  All the way from Dijon.  Uh? You're happy with  that one, aren't you?  < That's beautiful.  Very nice.  Yeah. > Alsyma, what do you think?  Nice. I like it.  Munya, baguette?  Chicken baguette or Croque Monsieur? I think the Croque Monsieur's  much better because  it looks better, tastes better.  We're gonna take a picture.  Why are we taking a picture?  For records of it?  It becomes idiot-proof.  No matter how easy you think  this sandwich is,  it's still possible to damage a  business on a shit sandwich.  In the past year Philippe  has already changed the menu  four times to no effect,  so it's not surprising that Israel needs a little reassurance that  another new menu is the right step. If we agree that we're gonna cook  it this way and he changes it  and cut corners - that is  frustrating.  When I talk about reintroducing  menus I'm not talking about fucking food that's over his head,  I'm talking about soups, sandwiches and straightforward dishes  that you can identify, that are  idiot-proof and fucking delicious. Yeah. That's music to my ears.  That's all.  But it's not just the food  that's been letting the place down. Dave Bone has been a worry  to me ever since I arrived.  He's talked the talk  but done little to back it up.  You have fallen for the biggest  problem any restaurant manager  has with their staff,  you've become their best mate,  and that's pissed off a few people in here.  You can't afford to run this  restaurant as your social event,  otherwise, mate,  you won't be here for much longer. Turning it into my own show  is probably not the best  for business but the easiest.  You're running a fucking smart,  cool cafe bar.  New start. > Stand apart from your staff.  It's time for a peace summit  between the warring factions.  So I've asked Israel to come up with an exercise to promote communication and trust between the kitchen  and the front of house teams.  You add your onions into it and you start smashing, yeah, or mashing.. They're going to be making  Guacamole, but there's a twist.  And the teams are...  Philippe,  you're partnered up with David.  CHEERING  The person in the back is actually making a guacamole, but you're all going to be putting a blindfold on so you're going to have to depend  on the person in front of you  directing you.  We're going to have to depend on  the restaurant helping the kitchen, and the kitchen helping the  restaurant. Put his blindfold on.  Just the head, not the neck, Dave!  Hands behind your back. Three  minutes starting from...  now!  Very softly, pick up one!  And if you pick up the bowl next to it.  Slowly, cos you're digging in.  It doesn't matter that's OK.  Not a peach, a pinch, as in a pinch. Oh, pinch? Sorry.  Halfway there.  Eat it Munya, you're a chef.  Point your finger.  So stop, stop moving. Stop moving. What's that?  That's me tasting it.  Israel, how are we doing?  We're done.  Now give it another mash.  Stop. Bowls in front.  OK, this one.  Oh!  It's quite nice.  Nothing's mashed up.  So whose fault was that, Munya's?  I guess I was the  one that couldn't see.  Hmm, not bad.  Nice, but there's no Tabasco  in there. Dave and Philippe's.  Yours were the best.  Thank you very much.  Yeah? I think Dave gave  you more encouragement there  in the last three minutes  than he has done in two years.  No matter what happens from this  day on you guys have got to get on, because if the head chef and general manager get on then everybody else underneath you follows suit.  Do you understand the importance of that?  I think we did quite  well from the start.  Totally. Totally agree.  Give him a kiss. > No! Let's not go that far.  Here's to bonding. The happy couple. Cheers.  Philippe and Dave.  Go on. There you go.  The bonding masters.  One small step for Philippe  and Dave,  but potentially a huge leap  for the business.  I am never going to put  your finger in my mouth again.  You put your finger...!  No, yours.  My finger in your...? Jesus Christ!  By day four Israel's ready to  grab his business by the balls.  This is his last roll of the dice  and he wants to start with  consistently good fresh food  from the kitchen.  Philippe, are they the new potatoes? Yes, nicely roasted.  They don't taste very nice.  They just taste bitter. They haven't gone into the fryer, have they?  No. No.  You're sure you haven't  put them in the fryer?  Yeah.  Er, look, mister. Let me just have a quick word - very, very important. Yeah.  This man is paying your salary.  Yeah.  His business is about to close.  Do you understand  how critical the situation is?  I do.  So pay the man fucking respect  and tell the truth.  You have deep fried those potatoes. No, these two have  never been deep fried.  They are wrinkled, dehydrated and  they've been in the deep fat fryer. That's, that's not dehydrated.  You're talking to a chef, and for as long as I've got a hole in my butt, big boy, those fucking potatoes  have been in the deep fat fryer.  Don't fucking lie.  I know what I did.  You know the oven's not even  hot enough to roast a potato.  We can't even cook a  fucking burger in there.  They've been in the fryer.  Tell the fucking truth.  Look, they went in the oven, OK?  Tell him the fucking truth.  He's so adamant. I've even started  to doubt my own judgement,  until I track down Alsyma.  How many trays of potatoes  did you fry this morning?  I've fried everything here.  You fried all four?  Yes.  And who told you to fry them?  My chef.  Your chef? Yeah. Why did  you deep fry the potatoes?  You said it earlier -  it's because the oven  is nowhere near hot enough.  Right.  Can we get back to basics now,  and cut the fucking crap?  Yeah.  Sorry, but I fucking hate liars.  It's not right, Philippe.  But it's me who's asking you.  Yeah, in front of the camera.  Look, forget about the  fucking camera. I don't... Don't you think the only reason  I'm doing maybe this  programme is because it's  the last thing I can do to save  the business?  I want honesty from you.  Don't be ever be scared  of looking like a prat.  I'd rather be an honest prat  than a lying prat,  cos then you lose self-respect.  My mistake -  I can only apologise for this.  If there's one thing worse  than a chef who can't cook,  it's a chef who tells porkies.  My workload has just doubled  and there's only one way out  of this calamitous cul-de-sac.  To get this place back on line...  ..we're gonna have to  close for two days.  There's no way we're ever gonna get the food back up to scratch  while you're sending what you're  sending out.  I need 48 hours. We'll work on  tidying up the dining room,  painting,  and every member of staff working  for that goal to get it fresh,  and then two days in the kitchen  to get it on track.  How do you feel about it, Israel?  We can't afford not to take money,  but we can't afford not to  have a future business.  Yeah.  Something that we need to stop is the bullshit.  I need people to be honest with me. Philippe, are you ready for this?  If it is to make the business  better I'm a 110% behind it.  It's not just the kitchen,  you know, yeah?  I'm talking about  the dining room.  There's a serious, you know,  improvement there to take place.  It's a lack of pride.  A lack of pride. And the potatoes  was a prime fucking example.  Cut the bullshit.  You hit the nail on the fucking  head, and those that are pulling  on the ropes stay and work,  those that aren't interested  on pulling on the fucking rope,  fuck off!  Day five at D Place in Essex.  I've established the chef is  to be kept on a very short leash,  and his food is beyond tragic.  So for the first time in four years Israel must shut D Place down.  Hello Michael, I'm just returning  your call.  With no customers,  we can throw everything at  revitalising the image.  And most importantly,  the godawful menu.  Whose fault is it really?  It's mine. And nobody else.  Now it's a fresh start,  let's get it back on the road and  very soon we'll be on the motorway. When a restaurant drastically  changes its food  it's important to back it up with  the right atmosphere.  A couple of coats of paint is an  easy way to dazzle your customers  and give you a second chance.  Today was just about  getting the whole place back..  ..to look sharp, crisp, clean,  er, and nice and walk in  and say, wow, yeah, I like it.  The kitchen's been scrubbed clean  and the oven's fixed at last.  But that's not all.  For Phil, it seems all his Noels  have come at once.  I'm shaking.  I, I'm actually going to have  a kitchen with proper equipment.  Israel and Tara must be bleeding  somewhere.  This one's going home with me, I'm  sleeping with it tonight, not Dave. From now on, plastic sauces and  frozen foods are barred.  The new menu will be cooked  strictly from fresh ingredients.  And our first buy is  a four-kilo ham.  Drizzle. Drizzle the honey and the brown sugar over...  'It's a delicious deal at a cost of just £10,  and with a little lateral thinking it's a potential money-spinner.'  This ham, how far has it gone?  Fried eggs with ham,  Croque Monsieur, pea and ham soup.  Can you see just how much money  you can generate from one ham, yes? Surrounded by all this fresh food  there's a tangible change of energy in Philippe's two young chefs.  Hmm, the seasoning is,  it's quite even, so...  It's quite nice, that's fine.  It's not, it's not too much.  While Munya attends to the soup,  Alsyma's carefully preparing a pot of delicious bubble and squeak.  What do you think? Just a little bit more salt.  Little bit more salt, yeah, good, I'm glad you said that. Fresh food. Fresh food. Fucking hell. Their careers are in your fucking hands, you know,  you're supposed to be guiding them through this, you know that? Yeah? How many big chefs did you work  for when you were their age?  Quite a few.  Yeah? And did they kick your arse? > Oh, yes.  Yeah? Do you hate them for it?  I love them for it.  You love them. Do you think they  love you when you show them nothing? No.  I think now I'm gonna learn.  You made that from start to finish. Do you know what I'm gonna do?  Take a fucking photograph.  No. No.  Philippe?  That's your reference. Yes.  At last, it feels like  we're getting somewhere.  The chefs are enthused and the  dining room has been transformed  almost beyond recognition.  But as it stands  the outside of the building is  selling all their hard work short. The building's beautiful. Yeah.  So show it off. Get rid of all the tacky shit stuck to the front of it. Now that you see it  from a different point of view,  we're promoting drinks, we're saying cocktail night Thursday night,  and we've got a menu displayed  in a tatty board there.  Yeah. You're waking up to it,  and I'm glad you're opening  your fucking eyes. It's important. And fucking "D Place", well, that's got to go in D bin.  I think it's a big consensus, we're going for, Saracen's Cafe Bar.  Fucking perfect.  Israel, it seems,  is now on a crusade to bring  D Place back from the dead.  Now get out there  and tell the world about it. 'We've got just one day  before the customers  return to a fully booked grand  re-opening.'  Everything depends on the kitchen  perfecting each and every new dish on the menu.  Nice fried eggs, turn down the gas, I don't want the yolks broken, OK? 'They may be easy-peasey,  but consistent quality will be  the key to ensure repeat business.' You have to get in there  and really concentrate, yeah? This is so fucking easy. The centrepiece for our menu is  going to be the most famous buttie in the world, the Club Sandwich.  When I started cooking, yeah,  I had to make these for a living.  Every day the same.  Every day the same.  Are you agreeing?  In just 12 hours, the chefs  and the front of house  have got to function  as a tight-knit, well-oiled machine. Chicken avocado salad, that's the  ham roasted with double fried egg.. And a minor miracle has occurred.  Salmon fishcake, tartar sauce.  Dave and Philippe are  communicating... civilly.  Fantastic,  they all look really nice. The food is looking 200% better, but to please our lunch-hour crowd  tomorrow the grub  will have to fly out.  'I need to be sure these boys  are really on their toes.'  I'll do the toast.  When that goes to twelve...  We go.  Go! Three club sandwiches, quick.  I'll do the bread.  Quick, quick, quick.  What are you doing first?  Avocado.  Come on! Tomorrow we're  fully booked for lunch,  fully booked. Philippe,  it's not funny, you know that?  Yeah, I know that.  Alsyma's the only one who's putting his bacon on.  Who else is going to put their bacon on? I am.  When? Tonight? No.  Allez!  < Need the bread, please.  Don't.. Yes, here we go. Hey, presented beautifully?  Anyone thought about  starting their French fries?  No.  Oh! Allez.  Start to get your fries on, OK?  Thank you chef.  Look at the speed of you.  Fantastically fast. Is the  executive chef gonna come in last? That's mine.  No, that's his, that's yours there. Allez Munya, come on.  Don't quit, big boy, do not quit.  You never,  ever throw the towel in on service. Just come up to the hotplate  and accidentally drop your plate.  Drop it. No, drop it. Oh, shit! Oh, merde.  Merde, damn. Shit, Munya! Hey, listen,  all three of you well done. That was fucking excellent, yeah?  The speed, working under pressure  and concentrating was phenomenal.  And the best sandwich... ..is yours, Philippe. Great! Without him even knowing it, I've just managed  to demote the executive chef to the club sandwich chef.  Now, tomorrow we've actually  got a chance  of fucking surviving  a very busy lunch.  10am launch day.  With 70 customers booked  in for lunch no-one can afford  to be ill-prepared.  I'll be running checks and  checking out the kitchen, right?  It's a delicate balance.  We've got our new menu.  Are you ready for this?  Yes. Our big day, don't fuck it up.  The waiting staff are only just  up to speed and one weak link  could bring Israel's last remaining business tumbling about his ears.  I think it'll go well.  I'm nervous, em,  cos everybody's on edge. It's like opening a brand new business.  Er, I've done it before and I  know how disastrous it can be.  First thing I've got to say is  D Place  is defunct, it's gone. Yeah? Welcome  to the Saracen's Cafe Bar, yes? We work together as a team,  we understand each other, yeah? There's going to be several  customers that are going  for a 30-minute lunch, that's a soup and a sandwich, a soup and a salad, whatever they prefer within 30 minutes. I can guarantee if they leave under 30 minutes they'll be back next week three or four times  between Monday and Friday. Get it right, yeah? This is it.  Without you I can't do it. Consistency. Alsyma?  < Yeah.  Bingo!  New order.  Two tomato soup, two sandwiches.  That's the, the quick deal, yeah?  30 minutes, yeah?  < Yeah, it is.  Well, tell the brigade.  'The lunch deal is cheap, at just  £6.50.'  Is the bacon on for the  Club Sandwich? Is the toast in?  It's going in now.  'Come on. To make it  worth Israel's while, Dave must fill the restaurant twice over,  which means turning the tables fast. 'This has to go like clockwork.'  Three more minutes.  Three more minutes? Excellent.  Em, two seconds. Philippe. Philippe. Philippe?  Thank you. Yeah?  What's that in there? A new potato? Where did that come from?  I know we've got to push it out  and move our arse,  but we're not gonna serve that.  What's burning?  Turn it over.  Medium. Fucking hell.  We've been over this menu time and time again,  but Munya and Alsyma are already  buckling under the pressure.  Ham and eggs. How fucking difficult is that? You've burst the yolk.  It's the customer's privilege to  burst their own yolk, not you, yes? 'And there's only three orders on.' Press the lettuce Munya,  and vinaigrette on there.  Welsh rarebit's all pissing  over the plate.  Where's the chef?  By 12.30 the restaurant's full to  bursting.  Do we have a waiting list?  No, it's all  down to the kitchen now. One more club sandwich.  Another three bread.  Bur... another burger with  chips and baked beans.  Service please. Service please.  Where's the rest of the fishcakes?  I said  to take some out of the freezer.  It seems my super-basic menu  isn't basic enough for this team of numbskulls.  They're not cooked.  No, they're not cooked, look. Munya. Munya.  The burner in the deep fat fryer  has gone out and they've been trying to cook chips in cold oil.  Prop... properly cooked. No wonder.  But you can't let one problem bring the whole operation to its knees.  We'll just fry the potato wedges  in a pan, no?  Uh? Yeah. Yeah.  Almost like a roast potato.  All together six soup.  The orders are stacking up and the  panic has already set in.  Call these new orders.  Can I have some grass  on this soup please.  < You mean chives?  Yes, just give me the fucking grass. That's fine.  And now there's a problem  with the tickets.  Table for five.  Five.  Table five I don't have. I've got..  All communication has gone out the window  and the customers are left  in the dark  as to why their food  is taking so long.  We have an hour for lunch,  so obviously we have to try and fit the food in within the hour.  I've just had to phone the office and tell them we're gonna be a bit late. I've got to get back to work in two minutes.  Those that are getting their food  are loving it.  But 20 minutes later there's no  resolve to the ticket confusion.  The, the ticket's gone,  it's not down there.  I know, it's disappeared, yeah.  That's why there's a problem.  They've been waiting and nobody's  cooking their food. Phil's only guidance through this  mess are his tickets.  But it seems everyone's had their  hands on them.  I don't have the ticket back.  And if a chef loses an order  it's like a air traffic  controller losing a plane.  Dave took it, he didn't bring back.  One rib eye, rare. One side..  'And this one's going down fast.'  Side salad with avocado.  Hold on. Come here. What's going on? Why is the food coming back?  I've got table seven  here that you've given me  that was gone a long time ago.  So we've already sent the table?  They've had it. Oh, come on. We don't need to  fucking repeat the order, uh?  That's because the waiter  leaves the order here.  Don't, no, don't blame,  don't blame the waiter.  Doesn't put it on the pick.  No.  That's it, I'm going for a cigarette, I've had enough of this shit.  Hello! What do you mean,  you're going out for a cigarette?  Well, no.. We're sinking.  I, I've had enough  of this shit, you know.  Yeah, but we're sinking,  you can't just disappear.  You know there's, there is...  OK, when somebody does a mistake I'm the first to admit it,  but not when I'm covering for someone else's shit.  Yeah, but you don't come in.. I have had enough of this.  You can't just walk out for a cigarette Philippe, I'm sorry. The shit's hit the fan, I'm here to help.  Let's get back on here straightaway and start again. Let's go, come on. It seems Israel believes  Philippe's not entirely to blame  for this fiasco.  Why do I have a waitress going  into the kitchen with a problem  without Dave knowing?  They know there is a manager  on the floor.  He should be on the ball  with every single  fucking table once they come in.  Have they had a coffee?  Have they had a drink?  How long since they ordered?  That's what I want out of you.  It stops here.  Yeah, no, it has to stop here, yeah. I was wrong. Israel's right.  As a manager, Dave should have  the situation well in hand.  You're in charge  of carrying the food in and out... And it's going in and out.  you need to know at what stage...  It's going in and out.  Hang on. Hang on, let me finish. No, don't shout at me. No.  OK. Get off the floor now, yeah?  All right. Why?  Get off the floor now, OK.  Get off the floor now.  Why?  Use the back door, please.  The catalogue of disasters  have taken their toll.  Israel's had to give away  over a £100 worth  of complimentary food and drink.  And to avoid further embarrassment he's decided to shut the service  down after just one sitting.  How long for table four? Do you know how long they've been in here?  I can imagine.  One hour, twenty fucking minutes. One hour and twenty minutes. What the fuck'll happen Saturday?  Em, tomorrow we're going to have  to get our shit together,  that's for sure.  It's been a real disappointment  for everyone.  But we can learn from today's  harsh lessons.  May I suggest, you know, only take  the customers you can do, and then each and every day build it.  Because Chelmsford is a small,  close-knit town and if word spreads that you've re-opened and the food's not as good as you think  it should be  then they won't come back.  Phil's clearly been through the mill these last few days.  Even though I didn't want to admit it,  I have actually lost part of that  passion which I had.  Doesn't it become painful,  trying to cook with no feeling? It's, it becomes an automatic...  Mm-hm.  Will you find that passion again?  It has come back already.  Well, I didn't think that at lunch when you walked out for a cigarette. But you came back, that was the  most important thing, you know that? Yeah. And I appreciated that.  Hey. I didn't want to do it without you.  It's not my kitchen, this is your kitchen. I know.  Yeah, one of the toughest weeks  of my fucking career.  Yeah?  Oh, yeah.  Ooh, shit! Yeah, definitely.  But... get it back on track,  that's the most important thing.  Israel, keep on them.  Hmm.  Yeah? Breathing down their necks,  yeah?  Thank you very much.  Bye.  Thank you. Bye.  Thank you, Gordon.  Thank you, guys. Chef.  Thank you. Yes. Do you really hate me?  Can I pass on the comment?  Bye, guys.  Yes. Eh?  Thank you very much.  Thank you. I'll be back, yes?  Good.  With my new potatoes.  Bye. Bye-bye.  < Au revoir.  (SIGHS)  < You can breathe now, Philippe.  (EXHALES)  'It's been six weeks since  I was last in Chelmsford.  'I've heard rumours something  strange  'has been going on at the Saracen's Head Cafe-Bar.'  What happened to Saracen's Head?  'In the week I spent at D-Place  it didn't take long to suss out  'that D stood for dreadful.'  And for as long as I've got a  hole in my butt, big boy,  those fucking potatoes  have been in the deep fat fryer.  The owners were in dire straits.  If I don't do something drastic  this business will go down the pan. And the staff were dysfunctional.  From now on stop being a stubborn  fucking French bastard.  We need to change their attitudes  and get this place back on track.  Over were the longest seven days  of my life we injected some passion back into the food.  No, that's it, that's yours there.  < Hurry, come on!  And got the team  eating out of each other's hands.  < What's that?  That's me tasting it.  It wasn't perfect.  I've got to get back to  work in two minutes.  But I felt that Saracen's Cafe-Bar  was well on the road to recovery.  All of you, well done. That  was fucking excellent.  The latest news from inside  is unbelievable.  I thought things couldn't get  any worse, but they just have.  God, how strange, I mean,  really, really strange,  Israel's no longer there. The  place has gone into receivership.  She said two weeks ago,  it doesn't belong to him.  The brewery have taken it back  and he's been kicked out.  The brewery has put the lease of  D-Place up for sale and  Israel and Tara are out on their  ears.  Ironically, the one person I  suspected might not be here is here. Philippe Blaize,  executive chef extraordinaire.  It's very, very sad, you know.  What a shock. >  Sorry. Total, total shock, yeah.  And everything you put into it  and what the guy's done...  Yeah,  all gone down the drain basically.  You're looking clean, obviously  not making many club sandwiches.  We are actually. We are. It's one of the best sellers.  What, better than  the Croque Monsieur?  No, it, it is better.  A better seller than  the Croque Monsieur.  What's come out the quickest?  The club sandwich.  So it appears that things were  really starting to happen at D-Place after I left, and the food sales  were on the up.  Hello, Israel.  I did not expect to  see you here, you know that?  'But it seems it was too little,  too late for Israel and Tara.'  Oh, shit.  Very well, how are you feeling?  All right, thank you.  Yeah, we saw our last chance to get it, to get it together and we did. The town was buzzing with,  with Saracen's Head being able to  produce that quality of the food.  Nice, simple,  the people were saying  it was delicious.  They didn't have long to reap  the benefits. Shortly after I left  the brewery took the business  out of their hands.  Did this happen on the spur of  the moment,  and all of a sudden, bang?  We weren't, we didn't even know we were going to be asked for the keys. Just bought a new house, mortgage,  all at the wrong time.  You're out?  Yeah.  On your arse.  You're seven months pregnant?  < Eight months pregnant.  This is not the kind of predicament you know, I expected to see.  Er, what did you lose?  Israel lost obviously more than I did But mine was inheritance  from my  mother and my grandmother.  The fact that I was naive and  I didn't know how corporate  big nationals work and  the world of the accountants  and solicitors and all that crap,  I didn't know anything about it.  I know how to serve people,  how to make them smile,  I know how to deal with a complaint, and the kitchen.  I don't know how to deal with  business, you know,  transactions of that matter,  and that's where it hurts.  I feel so sorry for them,  and I still can't quite  believe what's happened.  Er, good luck with the baby.  Take care. >  Israel and Tara had genuinely  thought they could keep the business going, but sadly after calling  the spokesperson for the brewery it all becomes crystal clear.  All right?  Thank you. Bye.  Er, sounds now like the brewery were only acting in the best interest  by accepting the highest bid, and I think Israel's been slightly naive. No matter how good the food is  you've really got to understand  every aspect of your business, and  for the areas you don't understand  seek advice before you get fucked.  It's six and a half minutes.  That's not bad.  Does it taste as good as it looks?  Hmm. Very nice.  Thank you.  You have got your passion back.  That is fucking delicious.  Merde.  OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 