Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s2e3 - Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 2, Episode 3 - Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack - full transcript 
 The venue for tonight's third programme is Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack, an intimate forty-seater a stone's throw from Brighton's sea front. Big soul momma, owner CHARITA JONES, produces a menu of irresistibly unique classics from the Deep South. The food's hard to fault but the punters are nowhere to be seen, Head Chef Brian and a rag-tag collection of part-timers are taking the mickey - and despite working a seven-day week Charita's got an empty restaurant and a Â£65,000 debt. If ever there was a case of too many cooks, this is it. Charita's a natural, but she's never made a profit on the restaurant and is now facing financial disaster. Can Gordon successfully shut her out of the kitchen, get the chef back on the boil and put the soul back into the business, or will the shack shut up shop for good? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This programme contains  strong language from the start.  We have put so much of our own  money in it, we no longer have it.  'Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack's  at rock bottom. No customers.'  Ten past one on a Saturday,  this place should be rammed.  'There's too many cooks doing  all the wrong things.'  Oh, fucking hell.  If you turned up for work late  in my kitchen you'd be home  looking for a new fucking job.  'To turn this into a professional  outfit, that would take a miracle.' I've definitely gone.  'It's time to get serious.'  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you don't break away from this  stove, the business will close.  You need, young man,  a fucking rocket up your arse. I'm not gonna lose my business.  Brighton, London by the sea.  Loads of locals and a steady  stream of hungry tourists.  Nestling just a stone's throw  away from the sea front  is Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack  with classics from the US's South. Oh, nice, nice, nice.  The big soul Momma,  aka Charita Jones,  has raised 33 foster children,  but running her first restaurant  is proving a far bigger handful.  It's all gonna go...and fall apart.  I don't want it to fall apart.  God, it's definitely a shack,  from the outside anyway.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Fucked up caravan.  Is this it?  Charita.  Charita. Gordon, good to see you.  Nice to see you. Welcome. This is small and quaint.  It's quaint and it's cosy. I'll say, it's like walking  into your front lounge.  Thank you. that's what it's supposed to be, because I tend to spend  all my life here this has got to be my front room, otherwise when do I get to kick my feet up? 'After three and a half years,  'despite throwing everything at this place and working seven days a week 'Charita is still in serious  debt to the tune of £65,000.'  And who's the chef?  I'm kind of the chef. I come from a background of  big Mommas and all of them cook. It's called stick to your ribs.  Stick to your roots?  Ribs!  Oh, ribs? Right.  Stick to your roots? To your ribs. Momma Cherri's Shack seats 40  at an extremely intimate squeeze.  Sadly, that's not often a problem  as weekday trade is non-existent.  It's great at the weekends.  But we've discovered that we're in  a hole, we're just in this hole,  a financial hole that  we can't claw our way out of.  Have you made any money since you've been open? Not a single penny have we  made since we've been open.  It's hard to put our finger on why.  Is it critical? How long can you continue like this?  I'd say...three to six months.  Maximum?  'No customers, no money.  'It's time to check out the kitchen. 'Charita calls herself the cook,  but Brian Moyo is her head chef.  'So who's in charge?'  How are you doing dude? Do you do this and all that and pull and...? Er, I try not to.  We don't do cliches!  Are you the head chef or the cook? What are you? I'm confused.  Well, I...I...I was employed to come as the head chef.  Because problems with finances and things like that.  Don't let me stop you.  I took a, a step back.  So who writes the menu?  Charita writes everything.  You've got a cushy job then. You could say that. As a chef, yes. Pretty chilled, huh? As a chef, it's pretty chilled.  A head chef who doesn't write the  menu and only works 35 hours a week. Next he'll be telling me  he's forgotten how to cook.  Here you go.  Catfish goujons with hush-puppy  and our home-made pineapple salsa.  It's actually quite nice that,  very delicate fish.  It's nicely fried,  it's very light. Really nice.  Thank you. Be back with your mains.  Oh, my God! > For mains my plate's piled  high with a clumsy mess of ribs,  spicy chicken jambalaya  and corn and bean succotash.  I hope he likes it.  Fucking hell...  ..those ribs.  So tender.  I have to say it's thrown on  the plate with no real care,  but it tastes phenomenal.  This may be the first time  I go back with an empty plate.  Em, thank you. Bloody delicious.  You know what? I thought it was gonna be really spicy but..  it's toned down and it was spot on. It made me feel like I was back at Mum's for the first time... Oh! Oh!  ..And having some home cooking. It was very good.  You'll get me crying.  There are things I would change. OK, fine, and I'm happy.  I'm happy to hear about that.  But in general...  I need a picture of this plate!  I know it sounds crazy!  I know it sounds crazy!  Mind your head. Mind your head.  Oh, God!  I've fed Gordon Ramsay.  And he cleaned his plate.  How the hell do you turn that  thing off? She doesn't shut up.  Rabbit, rabbit, rabbit, rabbit,  rabbit, rabbit. Shit.  Charita's style should be a selling point, but it ain't working.  I need to go back to the  kitchen and find out why.  Friday, Charita's tackling most  of the day's preparation herself.  In a desperate bid to save money.  You've got to get your hands  dirty as far as I'm concerned.  Yeah, of course, yeah.  Marinating meat, making dressings, sauces and baking are crucial  things to prepare in advance.  I'm shaking off the excess.  'Deep frying chicken eight hours  before their first booking?'  So why do you cook them now?  Because if you cook them now and  leave them to cool,  when the order comes in it's just  a matter of picking out however  many we need and they go back in  and they come back up to a nice...  And they don't go dry?  No. Uh-uh, no. 'I'm beginning to suspect the good home cooking isn't as wholesome.'  Hmm, they smell good.  'Most of it's coming from the  freezer rather than the soul.'  So how many freezers have you got?  Thirteen altogether.  Thirteen? Fuck me.  By the time Brian turns up there's not much left for him to do.  So you can't really feel like  you're head chef if you've got  Charita in the kitchen cooking the food and you come in and send it.  That's what I'm saying, yeah.  You're not cooking, you're coming in and putting things together.  Putting things together, yes.  Have you lost motivation? Yes.  So, if Charita's head chef's  gone off the boil  I'm hoping her remaining crew,  part-timers, have a bit more spunk. Heading up front of house is Lauren. She arrives ten minutes late  for the evening service.  20-year-old AD seems to be more  committed to his glamorous day job. Why panel beating? It's just nicer. Finish at  half four every day.  Gavin lives next door, but he  turns up when he feels like it.  Charita's librarian husband Phil  hot foots it back from the day job to become basement barman and  resident DJ.  Looks like your washer-upper. I have been known to wash up!  No way. He does that as well.  These are all members of Momma  Cherri's' big laid-back family.  So when he's in the shit, blow them down like fucking Michael Jackson? Oh, fucking hell!  Hate to ruin a good party, but  if you want to run a successful  business then the terms "laid back" and "professional" don't mix.  It's not how good the food tastes, it's about how it gets there.  And that's crucial.  I can't wait to see this  team of jokers in action.  Can we get going cos they're hungry? Immediately it's clear  who's the Momma in this kitchen.  I'll get you a chilli pepper cos you ain't gonna get none. Just the one. Can I take the seeds out at least?  Charita treats them like children  She's the only one cooking.  I need to be cooking up  these fajitas now.  OK, Charita, all of the seconds,  er, party are in.  All right. OK. Two potato skins,  onion rings, corn bread, two pieces. Can I get some jambalaya  heated up please?  'For Brian and AD it's an elaborate heating and plating up exercise.  'Messy food school-dinner style.  D-minus, must try harder.'  That's hot gravy, yeah?  On hot turkey.  Served on cold plates?  With cold salad.  'What's he laughing at?  This is serious.'  You weren't gonna break sweat there? He's about to kick off.  'When?  'There's twice as many  staff as there need be.  'This should be an absolute breeze, but Charita's doing everything.'  Is that everything in the  basement, yeah? Everything's gone?  'Paying two qualified chefs to  dress and send a plate of Nachos.  'Come on, that's a sure-fire way  to break a business.'  Fucking hell that's painful,  very, very painful.  Tonight, you were standing here  cooking away in a world of your own. And these guys standing there just almost playing with themselves  cos they're waiting for something  from you. If you are the head chef. You're must start taking the reins. Yeah. Yeah.  Get through a night without pissing your pants with laughter.  Two hours pure concentration  without laughing.  OK.  And I bet you can't do it.  You're fucking smiling already.  'If there was ever a case of  too many cooks, this is it.  'One of them will have to go.'  I said no smiling, no laughing.  I'm serious.  Set a fucking example and do not  be scared to get rid of baggage.  Brighton's best kept secret,  Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack.  It's so well kept, it's losing  a thousand pounds a week.  No-one in. Twenty past ten  in the morning, no-one here.  By day three I've uncovered  a couple of reasons why.  I know it's chilled,  but fucking hell, it's not as  chilled as the snapper!  Why is no-one here this time in  the morning?  Firstly, the food's  good but it could be so much better. Where's Brian?  Let me give you a hand.  Brian? I have no idea, he  should be here soon.  Secondly, there are  far too many staff,  and most of them aren't pulling  their weight.  Late this morning.  Yes...  ..by half an hour.  What do you do to him  when he's late?  Nothing.  Nothing?  I'm just gonna wash up right now. >  So you're washing up as well?  Yes.  She's in, she opens up,  brings all the supplies upstairs.  You should be ashamed of yourself.  Charita's next task is to make a  huge batch of macaroni cheese  that will last her for two whole  weeks.  And we just keep this going.  Ah, this is coming up nicely.  Hot from the stove her food is  irresistible.  People will travel miles  to taste it.  What do you think?  I like that. Yeah, very nice.  But like a lot of her home-cooking this lot is destined for the freezer where its delicious texture and  flavour will be lost forever.  Well, you cook beautifully.  Yeah.  And I don't understand why you want to freeze it when it's so tasty.  OK. Well, I think...  I don't think I want.  It's not a case of wanting to.  No, I think you've got into a habit. I've got into a habit.  A lazy habit. And you're not lazy  cos you work so bloody hard.  He's lazy.  LAUGHTER  He's definitely lazy.  If you turned up for work half an  hour late in my kitchen, trust me, you'd be home for the day,  looking for a new fucking job.  To be honest  it's no wonder Brian's lost heart. The man's been working in the  kitchen for as long as I have,  but to save money he's been  sidelined...  so much so, he's rarely involved  in actually making any of the food. There is  a kind of a method to my madness.  But you're throwing it together?  It looks like I'm throwing it  together, but I throw it together  the exact same way every single week. So when you're not  doing it who does it?  I'm doing it.  Ah, and that's my point.  OK.  If Charita was using Brian properly, they could ditch the  freezers once and for all.  And the macaroni  cheese is nearly there.  Looks delicious. I think  that should go to staff food?  Yeah, I think so.  Does look good, doesn't it?  As it stands few customers  will taste the food at its best.  She's just throwing away  her unique selling point.  # They call it stormy Monday... #  And, boy, does she need one!  # But Tuesday's just as bad. #  It's Saturday lunch time and this  place  should be absolutely rammed,  and there's not a soul in here.  # Wednesday's worse  # And Thursday's oh so sad... #  This is dire. Saturday and Sunday  are your prime days for business,  but like many failing restaurants,  Charita's making some classic  mistakes.  Poor man's meat pie...  Yeah.  £8? I know it's gonna be good,  yet you go onto the menu here and  you've got main courses at 14...  Yeah. Yeah.  £15. Why have they gone up so  expensive?  Em, to pay my bills,  to be blunt. It was bank manager...  Yeah.  ..accounting, and I'm  saying, "Help me!  "How do I do this?" They say, "You've got to raise your prices."  Always the bank manger's solution.  Put your prices up.  And it was, it was literally  down to the bank manger.  Yeah. Well, he's an arsehole.  Oh, good.  Yeah? It's killing the business.  I want to look at  restructuring the menu,  making it a little bit shorter.  OK.  Tweaking the portion size...  Oh, right.  ..having less come back.  60% are bones come back.  But it's that 40% I'm gonna work on. The objective for every customer  that comes through that door  is to have a starter,  a mains and a dessert.  OK.  You'll see turnover treble if you  squeeze three courses out of them. But before we can squeeze anything out of anybody, we need customers. And if they're not coming to us,  we've got to take Momma Cherri's  finger licking food to them.  So, got the meat loaf.  Oh, my God!  Yeah? Got the ribs? OK?  Got the chicken?  That smells amazing.  Oh, it's smelling so good. So good.  And who better to  flaunt it than the Momma herself?  Don't be shy!  Whoa!  I'm gonna come to you since  you're not coming to me.  Fucking hell.  All cooked fresh  at Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack  just around the corner there. Hmm?  That's lovely, yes.  It's pretty good. This particular  food is called soul food, OK?  It's cooked from the soul,  from the heart.  Boy, she's good!  A soul food evangelist,  and she's out to convert the whole of Brighton.  What's the name of this food?  Soul food. Can I hear you all say it? Soul food. All right.  Just wind her up and let her go!  That's nice, innit?  That's lovely!  Get me some small wings. All right!  Don't forget this time it's on the house.  Next time they're paying, yeah?  Yeah. Yeah.  Did you cook these?  Yes, I did. They're lovely.  There's no doubt that  Charita's a terrific cook,  but she's employing Brian to do  that job and I'm beginning to realise she's wasted in the kitchen.  What's it called?  ALL: Soul Food.  Thank you. Just call me Momma.  You're Momma.  You got it. Right!  With Saturday night service  about to begin,  it's time to get this shack in  order.  It's pretty obvious that  the business is in dire straits,  and that's real.  That's real. > That's the truth.  Yes, it is. > Watching you guys over the last  couple of days you actually treat  it like it's your fucking home.  Chilled, relaxed,  and this lady here, you talk to her almost as if it's your mum.  And that really has to stop,  if this is to go any further.  And if it doesn't work, not only  are you out of a business  and your livelihood,  all you guys are  out of a fucking job.  You've got no work.  So when it's that far down,  we really have to dig deep and  come up with sensible ideas.  And tonight I'm gonna ask you  to stay out of the kitchen.  OK.  Cos you've got so much to sell.  Yeah.  And you, you're a fucking good cook. Thank you.  So Charita, let him cook.  I'm gonna let him. I'm gonna let him. I am, yeah.  You have to pass the reins over.  And if you don't break away from  this stove,  I swear to God  the business will close.  Let them do the job that  you fucking pay them money for.  OK. > Yeah. I'm gonna go put some make-up on. I'm going downstairs.  Charita's street hustling has secured a fully booked restaurant tonight.  If we're gonna get through it we need to get this kitchen working  like an efficient, well-oiled  machine.  AD are you doing the...  that now, yeah?  Fantastic.  Time to whip up a bit of  professionalism into these boys.  Er, Gavin, can you take those  starters and food downstairs,  as you're standing there  doing nothing?  Yeah. Table five.  Table five. Thank you.  Now he's standing there,  open up your eyes, yeah?  And get him fucking working, OK?  You're running this place  tonight, you know?  Yeah.  You're gonna prove to her  downstairs that you can do it.  Not just to her but to yourself  and me.  I said no smiling, no laughing.  Serious.  OK.  Let's go.  I should stop smiling now.  Good evening. Have you had a chance to look at the menu?  Yes, we have.  Yeah? Downstairs Charita's slipped  effortlessly into the role of  the hostess with the mostest.  OK, any of you eat macaroni cheese?  We do.  I'm telling you, it's fantastic.  Gordon grated my cheese.  Brian's taking his first  decision as the head chef.  Pre-cooked buffalo wings are  off the menu.  From now on  they're being cooked to order.  Yeah.  Chicken's being cooked from fresh? Nice. Fucking hell.  You've already had this place  turned around in 20 minutes.  Well, almost.  The rest of the food's going out  just as Charita's always done it.  Hot food,  cold plate, uninspiring salad.  Right, £4 for that?  That's shocking.  And jaw breaking meat loaf.  What time do you close tonight?  You're laughing.  'But let's not try to  run before we can walk.'  Can I get this one as soon as poss?  Yeah, it's going, it's going.  It's going in the oven there.  How long?  Er..  Give Charita a time.  Three minutes.  Three minutes. I'll take that.  Thank you, Charita. Bye.  OK. > See ya.  All right. > There you go.  The restaurant's full.  Now she's front of house Charita's using every trick  in the book to boost business.  Five minutes. Go right next door to my friendly pub, and I will...  See you in five.  See you in five.  Thank you. Thank you.  Brian?  Move!  Two hours in and the  food's not going out quick enough. Charita's faith in Brian  is dwindling fast.  These guys have been in a long time. They've got kids down there.  Yeah, but the starters have just  gone, they've got their starters.  OK.  What happened there  with those starters?  With those starters? They're done.  So they're already in the lift?  Yeah. Yeah.  What? > These starters.  What one? These ones? I'm doing them now. > Oh, shit, I just told her  they're gone, man.  Did you?  Yeah.  For Brian, three years of living in a culinary coma is a hard habit  to break. He's beginning to lose it. There's a table that came in before five other tables  still waiting on their starters.  And Charita's constant interruptions aren't exactly helping.  Come on, Brian.  Don't lose it now, yeah?  < No.  What else on this table?  You've got, you've got hot, hot  wings and barbecue chicken wings.  I've got the hot wings but I  need whatever else is there,  cos they are getting restless.  Oh, dear.  Is that all the orders?  That's it, send it away. > I am so sorry. I'll tell you what  the problem was.  We've got fresh food. You can't  expect the food  to jump on your plate just like  that, we have to cook.  You can explain that to  her afterwards, uh?  Chicken takes a good 14-20 minutes to make sure you don't kill anyone. OK, has that pig feet gone on because it needs to go on now  cos it takes the time, yeah?  Every minute you're in here,  we're losing money.  Fucking hell.  So, what do you think  of that meat loaf?  That is nice.  That is bloody good.  Thank you. Didn't I tell you?  Didn't I tell you?  I thought the kitchen got  off to a good start.  You were slightly nervous  being down there because  you were sort of, not spying  on them, but coming up agitated.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah? You lost it, Brian.  < A little bit.  A little bit.  And things just got  a little bit on top.  You said something interesting  though. Yeah?  "Charita has to understand it will take three or four minutes longer  "because I'm cooking from raw."  And the benefit is the customer.  But I think this guy,  with the help of AD can get faster. Yeah.  Much, much faster.  How would you sum up?  You were in the dining room.  Yes, it felt good because for three and a half years being here,  it was the first Saturday night  that I have spent downstairs.  They've seen you, you know?  That's the face they want to see  when they come to Momma's.  Downstairs I'm gonna be  cracking the whip a lot harder.  It's your business. Of course you're gonna crack the whip.  And that's what I was thinking,  you know? I've got to crack it.  Let's go.  OK.  Thank you.  Good. Thank you guys.  Let me go down here,  cos I've got a  few more desserts to sell.  Yeah.  If Brian's going to win Charita's  respect as her head chef he needs to become more involved in preparing  the food as well as cooking it.  Number 13, lucky for some.  But since his hours were cut  he's been dropped in  a Catch-22 situation.  Where's the little lady gone?  Brian's been left holding the baby. It became a problem  because Claire had to go to work.  Yeah.  We had to find a way of meeting  the bills  at the end of the month,  and that's why I can't do  Tuesdays and Wednesdays. The whole thing is just confused, you know.  As Brian's involvement with the food has diminished,  so too has his confidence.  The first time he made meat loaf  two years ago it was a disaster.  So we're gonna prove that Brian can not only do it, but do it better.  How much influence do you have  on the menu? Even sometimes  I will do a menu sometime,  but she changes it anyway.  So really I think  that my influence disappears.  But you've got to be strong now.  If she's gonna concentrate in  the dining room, you're going to  be running the kitchen,  you have to be strong.  Yes. Yes.  The problem with  Charita's meat loaf is the bacon.  By the time it's cooked  it's like cutting into leather.  Back bacon you saw  dries out, there's hardly  any fat in back bacon.  There's no fat, so you need fat.  Yeah, streaky bacon. Em, place one nice fatty piece of bacon there.  As it's cooking, it's putting  moisture inside the meat loaf yeah? Fantastic.  And if I put my foot down and say, no. This is like this and like that, I think I can see myself going far, you know, I can achieve things.  It's a happy feeling, you know?  It's a happy feeling.  Hmm, just look at them.  Hmm, the seasoning is just right.  It's not too salty.  No, I think that's fine,  doesn't need anything.  Doesn't need anything else.  Anything else at all.  With Brian's confidence  slowly returning,  now I've got to work on Charita.  She excels as a natural cook  and a great hostess.  Oh, my God, I  do everything on my menu.  But when it comes to business  she's a self-confessed numbskull.  You know, one and a half metres  long.  And this tells me the money.  Look out - that's a bit short!  We want it the other way round.  I want it the other way round.  But it's not just the  takings that are the problem.  OK, 200 grams of butter.  Right.  Like a beautifully risen cake,  successful restaurants only thrive when three key business factors are working in close harmony.  Gradually adding 200 grams of flour, we establish one third staff costs, one third food costs  and one third gross profit.  Combine all those  ingredients into one recipe.  Yeah.  Chemistry.  You have the most amazing cake.  And that's how  any good business works, yeah?  At the moment Charita's  business cake is way off course.  I'm going to show you something,  what we've got currently  happening here at the shack.  With few mid-week customers  Charita's gross profits  are dangerously low.  Very, very little profit.  Her food costs are healthy, but her massive overheads are crippling her. Here's what it's gonna cost  you when we start  adding really high staff costs.  So there's an imbalance already.  Oh, my God.  Yeah? Bloody hard. Now I'm doing  this on purpose to prove a point.  Yeah. No. Yeah.  You can't complete a recipe for  successful business  when you've got an imbalanced  situation.  You can tell me to fuck off, but how much do you pay yourself a month?  I get in a month? Er, well...  I get around 200 a week, that's it.  I'm the lowest out of the kitchen.  £200 a week?  < A week, yeah.  £800 a month?  < A month, yeah.  You're working seven days a week.  I'm working seven days a week.  That's a fucking disgrace.  I mean, AD gets more  than me some weeks.  A Commis chef that's part time  gets paid more than you.  Uh-uh.  You're far too fucking soft.  Oh, I know, I know.  You really are far too soft. > Well, yeah.  It stops now.  I know. I know, I know,  I know, I know, I know.  That is a profitable business with the right ingredients.  Yeah. Uh-uh, yeah.  That is what you're running now.  Right.  Have a think. And let me know which one you'd like to eat.  Very good.  Oh, I just feel like crying.  < Why are you crying Charita?  Cos I'm not gonna lose my business.  'I'm nearing the end  of my week in Brighton.'  Oh, fucking bollocks.  'I'm not sure I've found my soul,  'but Brian is finally beginning  to behave like a head chef.'  'Charita is having a transformation from mother to matron.  'From now on she'll be ruling  this roost with an iron hand.'  This is not a drop-in centre.  But we still have a  fundamental problem.  A crippling lack  of weekday customers.  We need a gimmick, a bargain that  will ensure the shack's full  to the rafters all week long.  The idea is is to sell.  Your restaurant per table.  OK. So a table of six. Six chairs.  £10 a head. £60 for that table.  If that worked.  Every night at £10 a head there's  £360 in the till.  Think of it this way. They'll  spend the same amount of money.  On alcohol.  My plan is to create an exciting  three-course fixed buffet.  Simplifying the service and cherry picking from the existing menu.  But before we do the big  presentation to Charita,  I've got to inject some life into  those God-awful limp salads.  How much does a salad cost? It's £4.50.  Four pound fucking 50, huh? Do you think that's  real good value for money? Made a very simple  dressing here, roasted cumin. Yeah? A little bit of olive oil.  Fresh lime. OK?  Look at the difference now.  Now start building it up and get  some colours in.  £4.50 for a salad's a fucking joke. And sweet potatoes,  hugely soul food yeah? All they've done is been  blanched. Into the pan, yeah? Nicely coloured. Don't move them till they've got colour on there. The more you move them  round what happens?  They break up,  that voice in the background.  She's in the kitchen again!  The secret here now is to keep  them nice and hot, now  almost like a roast...potato.  This is not a difficult,  finicky thing to do.  For me, you know, when you look  at the style of Charita's food  it's really important to keep it  rustic, don't want anything fancy. Gavin the kitchen porter  can get this stuff done.  Yes.  Oh, that is good.  Damn. I'm in heaven.  What I'm trying to do is make  the plates look less cluttered.  Yes, I understand.  Cos the food speaks for itself. I see these mountains of food going out, OK? You know, it's, there's too much. Come here. Here you go, lick it.  Go on, you know you want to.  What can I say?  Cousin Gordon's sweet potato salad? Yeah. Yeah.  That's what it's gonna be called.  Go on, mix it in.  How can I mix it doing that? That was better actually. Seriously, chef.  'No more food  piled high on cold plates.  'At £10 a head, as long as  it's delicious and looks good,  'the customers will love it.'  What else are you doing there?  Chicken? Your jerk chicken?  Jerk chicken is, yeah. 'Brian can clear the frozen  backlog and start afresh.'  Nice. Make it look nice, yeah,  we've got to sell this, yeah?  We've got to really sell it.  'Simple, sexy and  irresistible soul food.'  Hmm...  Salsa as well. Come on then, do it, fucking do something. Fucking hell! Cor, dear! You're driving me  round the bend, do you know that?  AD, what do you think?  Table of four.  Uh? Fucking good.  And every day is changing.  This, this, this is fantastic. Honestly, for what leftovers, what you can do with this.  Yes. Right, let's get it,  let's go. Fucking hell.  Right, Charita.  We've gone through the fridge to  see what we could be using up, yes? Every day it's gonna change. Here we just made a really nice, vegetable...piccalilli.  Mayonnaise, brown sugar, vinegar,  look at that there for four people. You've got a mug of soup as well  it's quite sort of fresh and new.  It deformalises the restaurant as  it's, you know, across the table.  It also introduces everybody to different sort of foods. Everyone is having different taste of everything.  Once they've experienced this  they come back Friday or Saturday. For a full table. Yeah. Yeah, this looks great.  Good.  Hmm, hmm, I like this.  Tomorrow we go live. I'm gonna be, now that you said  live you wait, I'm gonna be live.  It seems Charita's well and  truly sold on our new idea.  Whoa! OK. I've just got to  think of a word for Tapas,  well, I'm gonna come up with my  own word, I'm gonna make a word up. But I guess I can't call it  slappas cos that sounds too rude.  Short, dynamic, get to the point.  'And Momma's on a crusade.'  Right, customers.  That's all in a bowl, all right,  and we're launching tomorrow  evening,  having a big party down there  £10 each, three courses, delicious. Excellent, yeah.  I'm doing ribs, jambalaya,  barbecued chicken, go on, you.. Bring some friends with you, OK?  You'll love the food. 'Charita wants all of West Sussex  to know about Momma Cherri's...  RADIO: 'This is Southern FM,'  that's the Housemartins,  Happy Hour, Thorn In My Side...'  ..and its brand new mid-week  eating concept, Soul In A Bowl.  OK, here we go.  Gorgeous, absolutely lovely. You eat, I'll talk, OK?  When you're hungry and in need of  a serious food attack just come to Momma Cherri's Soul Food Shack.  We've got soul in a bowl, three  yummy courses served on a platter, fried chicken, jambalaya and more, we're talking soul food tapas,  the price is so right,  so come to the shack tonight.  Whoa, well done.  As you've brought us breakfast, you can have that huge plug for nothing. Thank you, thank you.  On a Wednesday night Charita would be lucky to get eight customers.  Good morning, Momma Cherri's,  can I help you?  But bookings for this evening's  launch have gone through the roof. I'm doing two sittings at seven  o'clock and a nine o'clock sitting. It's all coming together,  except for one small hitch.  There's no Brian, there's no AD,  there's no Gavin, no-one's here.  Brian's stuck with the fucking  baby-sitter somewhere...  God knows where, and you know what? If we're getting this right, they'll have to understand discipline.  Big day,  no-one in the fucking kitchen.  Where have you been?  Looking for a baby-sitter, chef. Go up and get changed. I thought  you were gonna be here by ten?  I was meant to be, but I tried to  phone a girl who looked after them. She said no,  just like that out of the blue.  Let's get fucking started,  yeah? Let's go, yeah?  'I was hoping responsibility of  running this kitchen would relight Brian's passion for cooking.'  You need, young man?  Eggs.  A fucking rocket up your arse.  'And with it bring a commitment to raising the quality and the urgency 'with which the food's delivered.' How about sweating the onions?  They're in front of you there. Oh, OK.  There you go. 'Even if Brian was making the new meatloaf twice as fast.'  (Fucking useless.) 'He still  wouldn't be quick enough.'  I'm just testing it now to see  what flavours have come up.  You haven't put the wet mixture in so how can you identify the texture? Get the recipe complete first. Add the breadcrumbs  then do the fucking test.  Jesus Christ, some mothers do have them, you know, and I've got one!  Charita's completely unaware that  Brian's already losing it upstairs. So how's it looking now?  Em, it's looking full. What day  of the week am I? Wednesday.  This is wonderful. Perfect and 50, 55 customers  tonight. That's £550 on food.  The same again.  Hopefully on the drink. That's a £1,000 in the till.  Which is equivalent  to a Friday night take?  That's a Friday night. 'It's a new start for the shack and the staff has got to give 100%.'  OK, here are a set of rules that you are now going to abide by.  It's an understanding of what  this business needs to go further. I need everybody here on time.  On time means if I say you start  at six, you get here at quarter to. That way you have your  cigarettes, get changed, chat,  you have your coffee and so that  at six you're on the floor.  The next one is there  is always something to do,  and if you can't think of it ask me. The queen is now in residence. Yes?  Exactly. Charita is now on the floor. Eh? And to confirm that we're gonna raise the flag, yes? OK? Charita is in residence, yes? I want you to pull yourself here together, there you go. Have a great service. Push wine, work together and think customer. Let's get it right,  right-fucking-now. Let's go. OK, inside. Here's your table here. The success of soul in a bowl  relies on doing large numbers,  at only £10 a head Charita must  fill the restaurant twice over.  Everything prepped? You nervous?  Yeah, I am. Good, it's a good sign.  Start shitting yourself.  Brian, AD and Gavin have got to  get those platters flying down  those stairs, but they're only  just peeling the last potatoes.  I'm going to send you down  a tray designed for two.  Here comes the corn bread and soup  as a starter, soup's excellent.  So I hope you enjoy it!  Thank you very much.  We're fully booked tonight.  It's the first Wednesday night ever they've had to turn customers away. Slightly spicy sweet potato soup. Table three two meat tapas, OK? Just bring them up to the boil once. AD, my man.  Table seven that you've got up  there is down as three,  They've had a person join them  so it's now for four.  'It's better, but tonight  has got to be perfect.'  Take the fucking bowl off the tray. Put it in the bowl, yeah. I don't  want all this shit everywhere.  I want it nice and clean.  Fucking clean. Come on. Yeah?  'And for the first time this week  Brian's not smiling.'  That looks lovely. Right,  vegetarian, AD, send it away.  So now we're looking for  a four soup and a three soup.  Four corn bread, three corn bread.  Gavin you're doing desserts, yeah?  Chicken.  The team is pulling together.  Can you, can you put a small bowl  of veggie jambalaya on it?  And then can I have the meat,  come on, where's the adrenaline?  If we slow down I'm gonna lose it.  Communication is much, much better. Do I get a time?  Five minutes. Five minutes?  Five minutes? On all of them, OK?  Keep it going, Brian. 8pm. So far  so good. You're doing a good job.  'If they can keep it going  we might just pull this one off.'  They said they were stuffed,  it was delicious,  all of the different flavours  that go with it, fully satisfied.  I'm gonna take them some dessert.  You see that? Empty bowls.  'For that dessert AD surprised us  all with his home-made pecan pies.' That is delicious. That beats panel beating any day, you know that?  Any day. 'At just 40 pence to make each slice it's a fifth cheaper  'and ten times tastier than the  ones Charita's been buying in.'  How was the soup, good? Gorgeous.  'Things must be going OK, we've  hardly seen her here all night.'  Are we turning the tables?  I'm starting to turn. It's a crucial at £10 a head  we have to turn those tables, yes? Can we do two trays at  the same time, is it possible?  'Now the pressure's really on.'  We're losing, come on, let's get  some organisation guys, come on!  'It's still not perfect.'  A table's called away,  you stick that ticket  on the tray, no-one touches it.  But the vibe up here has  definitely got more professional.  We're losing valuable time,  what are you doing?  We're a few minutes over.  How's it feeling up here?  Hot. Hot? Pumping.  'I think Brian's actually  breaking a sweat!'  Looking good. They're loving it, people are loving it.  Very tasty, very good food.  You've got the salads?  Well, done man, thank you.  I haven't eaten anything quite like this before and it's really nice.  OK, one, and two, a six and a four, then we're finished.  You couldn't get better value for  money than this, it's remarkable.  Last table goes out just  like the first table, yes?  Oh, we'll come back, definitely. Definitely, we'll come back.  It's nice, look at that,  it's beautiful.  Fucking well done,  yeah, really good. That's one day. The real work starts tomorrow, eh? Let's go.  I didn't know how much I was  gonna cope today.  I didn't know if I was gonna cope  or break basically.  I had just one thought on my mind  that's to get through this.  'Thursday morning and the  whole team are in early.'  You've got to get that boil going.  They're clean out of food and  fully booked tonight,  so they're starting from scratch.  It's my kitchen! My kitchen!  My kitchen! My kitchen!  Fresh home cooking straight  from the soul. Hallelujah!  You set me a target, when I spoke to you last night we hadn't reached it. £800 last night.  I asked for a £1,000.  When I cashed up  I hit £1,000, it was £1,080.  Fantastic.  But to find these two, they did it. 'AD's impressed me this week.  'If he wants to make it as a chef  he's got to sort out his loyalties.' I enjoy it,  but I don't like the hours, I don't want to be working  those sort of hours when I'm 30. Unless I'm as rich as you, and then I won't mind.  You fucker. Can I just say  when I was 20,  there wasn't enough hours  for me to work.  I'd be very happy for you  to become successful.  You've got to work for it.  It doesn't just come on a plate.  'And Brian.  'Momma Cherri's depends on his  strength more than anybody's.'  You've pissed me off this week. I felt bad after.  Especially yesterday when I  realised that I haven't been...  it's like I didn't care almost.  When I saw you, you were treating  it like a job, no passion.  It came back and I could feel it.  You are the head chef.  So act like the head chef. Take the responsibilities of the head chef.  Get a grip, wake up  and fucking stop dreaming. 'Charita knows what she must do.'  You are the most marketable  asset of this restaurant.  I'm gonna be selling myself now.  You, now understand.  Kitchen morning, am.  Hosting the room  and being present in the evening.  You have got to continue that.  I've got to take some control back. Set a fucking example. Do not be  scared to get rid of baggage.  Back in December,  I spent a week at Momma Cherri's  fading Soul Food Shack, and I've  never spent a week quite like it.  I've fed Gordon Ramsay  (LAUGHS) And he cleaned his plate!  No discipline.  If you turned up for work  half an hour late in my kitchen  you'd be home for the day,  looking for a new fucking job.  And £65,000 in debt.  < Every minute you're in here  we're losing money.  Fucking hell.  'I whipped the head chef  into shape.'  I said no smiling, no laughing,  serious. OK.  Yeah? You need, young man? Eggs.  A fucking rocket up your arse. 'And Momma found her true calling.' If you don't break  away from the stove.  Mm-hm. > I swear to God  the business'll close.  What's it called?  Soul food.  Thank you. Just call me Momma.  You got it.  Together, by the end of the week we had the shack firmly back on track. See that? Empty bowls.  It's a Wednesday night  and I'm just hoping that Momma will be glad to have me back.  Oh, my God!  Hello.  Oh, my God!  (LAUGHS) My cousin.  You, you're in the dining room. Of course.  Where else would I be?  Good to see you. I'm out of the kitchen.  And Soul In The Bowl.  Still going?  Going well. I wish you could have  been here last night -  we were absolutely full.  What, on a Tuesday? > On a Tuesday.  Upstairs and downstairs.  Amazing. Yeah.  Staffwise, how are you getting on?  A lot better. You see  Lauren's actually in a uniform.  Hi, Lauren. Er, were you late today? No. No. I came in early today, actually.  Early?  Early, oh, yes. I know.  Oh, dear. My moonwalker,  where is he?  Oh, he's upstairs. Is he?  Oh, yeah, he's where  he's supposed to be.  Yeah? Can I go up and see him?  Yeah, surprise him.  It's great to hear that Brian's  sorted out the baby-sitting.  Charita's taken him on full-time as Momma Cherri's head chef,  and he's a changed man.  How are you doing, big boy?  Fine, thank you. Good to see you.  Nice to see you again.  On weekdays, he runs the kitchen and is thriving on the responsibility. That looks fantastic. > You're not throwing things in, you place them and look smart.  It is better. It looks better.  Huh? > It does, yes.  What's happened to you  over the last two months? I've been, I've been... Er, I went  through a, a phase.  There was the state you found me in when you came, it was sort of...  The Lord's touched you. > I'd, I'd given up.  All credit to Brian.  He's taken Soul In The Bowl and run with it.  It's looking really fresh.  Now, you also get,  you get starters and you get a  choice of nachos or soup.  INDISTINGUISHABLE  Nachos, Nachos.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Nachos, nachos. Five Nachos.  How long is it taking now  for food to come out, on the tray. On the tray, it's taking,  I'd say about six, seven minutes.  Good. > Should be five minutes.  Quick as I can be, yeah.  So you haven't  lost your touch, then? > No.  No, not really.  It's coming back slowly, you know.  When you lose confidence it's kind of difficult to sort of try and find  yourself back again, you know.  But at the moment I'm so into it,  I'm gonna get it done. Mm-hm.  Whatever happens.  OK, here we go.  The team has been stripped down and the customers seem to love  their new improved food. It's all  good for business.  Smells good.  You've got some jerk chicken,  meat jambalaya, hot wings,  barbecued ribs...  January's takings are up a  staggering 60% on last year,  despite now being closed  on a Monday.  And last Saturday, Charita filled  the restaurant three times over  with Brian and AD cooking for a  massive 105 customers.  I'd love to see you spinning around doing a 105 covers, you know that? Yeah?  I bet you were moonwalking.  Oh, I didn't spin or  moonwalk for a second.  OK, here we go. Soul in a bowl. > Hmm, hmm. Thank you.  Here we go. Let's see what we've  got here for you tonight.  Brian looks well.  I wanted him to get some confidence, and he's got that self-confidence. I see what you've done to the menus. See what I've done to the menus? They look fantastic.  See what I've done to the menus? And I've also created my own soul and explaining it out to people. Easy format, no intimidation.  Yeah. When I think of that folder,  going through those pages...  Hmm. Yeah, yeah. And all that crap  on that... You know, now look.  It was like a book but I think it was too much to...  Yeah. But they're smart.  What's happening now is people come in on weekdays,  ordering the Soul In The Bowl, and they say,  I can't wait to book a weekend because I know now I'm having  those ribs, they weren't enough. I saw how worried you were.  I saw what wasn't happening  in the business, actually.  That stress has gone, that..  Because now I feel  that there is a future. Before I didn't think there was a future. > I've got that fire  back inside of me. > Yes. I've noticed that.  Yeah. And you know where  the business is going?  Yeah, and I know where it can go. < So are you making the perfect  fucking sponge cake?  Um...  < Remember that one?  Yes, I don't have...  I will never forget that one.  So if you ever put it together now, how would it come out, your cake?  My cake will come out  better than your cake.  That means you're cooking the books. 'Long live Momma Cherri  and her finger-lickin' food.  'I'll definitely be back for more.' Great, great, great.  I bet you you  can't make it past 20 metres.  20 metres? You're full of shit, you know that? (LAUGHS) OK. Go for it.  < Tired?  No, not yet.  No? Not yet.  You look tired. You fucking wimp.  Still going.  I know.  Give us a spin. Give us a spin.  Spin! Spin! Spin! Fuck off!  Subtitles by  BBC Broadcast Ltd  OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 