Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s2e4 - La Riviera - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 2, Episode 4 - La Riviera - full transcript 
 The venue for tonight's fourth programme is La Riviera, a fine dining restaurant in Inverness. Owned by multi-millionaire BARRY LARSON and costing Â£8000 a week to run, the place boasts top French chef LOIC LEFEBVRE and an impeccably-trained kitchen staff with Michelin star-studded backgrounds. Loic is on a mission, to bring sophisticated French cooking to the home of haggis, tatties and deep-fried Mars bars. But though he's hungry for success he's French, he's arrogant and the food's pretentious. The locals aren't biting and the restaurant's empty most nights. There's a sharp smell of dÃ©jÃ  vu in the air for Gordon whose own venture in Scotland - Amaryllis - had to close. This week it's personal as Ramsay tries to save La Riviera from the same fate. Can Gordon tone down their act, demystify the menu and, most importantly, get the punters in? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Strong language from the outset and throughout. What's the best recipe for a successful restaurant? Hurry up! Top French chefs? It looks fucking brilliant. Ah, fucking hell! The finest ingredients? Food fit for a king? Is that all for me? La Riviera in Inverness seems to have it all. Yeah, all done. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's just one thing missing. Customers. Without them you don't stand a chance. And I should know. Two years ago I had to close my own restaurant in Scotland. I'm worried that you don't fall into the trap that I did. I lost a lot of money. This week, Kitchen Nightmares gets personal. It's been the biggest wake-up call in my entire life. Scotland, home of the brave. Home too of haggis, neeps and tatties, and... the deep-fried Mars bar. But in Inverness, there's a restaurant on a mission to bring sophisticated French cooking to my fellow countrymen. OK, you send me two fresh starter right now, please. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's the vision of French head chef, Loic Lefebvre, who's trained in some of the best kitchens in the France. I went to work for the President in France, Mr Chirac, when we had like Mr Bush coming or Japanese President coming we used to do, like, big functions. Service - one sea bass, one bream, table 14. Go! Then I moved to a restaurant in Montpelier with three Michelin stars. I can't wait to meet a young chef with such an impressive pedigree. Hello Loic, enchante. Enchante. And this is the team? To help realise his dream, Loic's handpicked an impeccably trained brigade. Sous chef Geoffrey has worked in restaurants with both one and two Michelin stars. Did you work with Loic in France? Non, I came here because it was a good opportunity to work with somebody with three Michelin stars. Regis also has a Michelin star-studded background. How long have you been cooking? Eight years in France and in different country, you know. And so does the junior of the team, Nicolas. And Nicolas whereabouts in France are you from? Brittany. Nantes. There's a good football team there. Now you support Celtic or Rangers? FC Nantes. FC Nantes. Hey, you're in Inverness, for God's sake. You've got to support a proper team. And Gerard's not letting the side down either. His previous jobs were at Michelin star level as well. Gerard, do you have a Scottish girlfriend? Ah, yes. I find accent is a good point. 1,400 miles from the French Riviera, Loic has created a mini French stronghold in Inverness. And no-one Scottish in the kitchen? No Scottish. There was some, but not any more. Did you sack them? No, no, no. First time when I came in the kitchen, I switched off the microwave, put it in the car park, and after that, I was by myself. They got the message. Yeah, because they were using microwave all the time, powder for stock, deep frying everything, even fondant potatoes, so I had to get a new team, which is good. Loic's determined that his dream team is going to get him his very own Michelin star. A bit like Roman Abramovich when he wanted to get the Premiership title, he went round and got the best manager, the best football players, and then brought them all over to Chelsea. Fantastic. I think if you can get a Michelin star, that should be great for us. We are looking to achieve like one Michelin star to start with. Why not two and, you know. Even the fridge is top of the league. Wow. A walk-in fridge. Look at the size of it. It's like a one-bedroom flat. And the produce is the very best. Flying vegetables in from France is over the top, even for me, but the local shellfish is really topnotch. They are amazing. They are fished on Skye. When they come down to London, they're definitely not that fresh, I can assure you. That is incredible. Fuck me. They've got the best of everything here, really, the best of everything. Someone must be paying a small fucking fortune to run this place. And that someone is multimillionaire Barry Larsen, hot from his 600-acre private shooting estate. He made his fortune from the catering business, but it wasn't exactly fine dining. This is the man who brought Kentucky Fried Chicken, Wimpy and Harry Ramsden's to Scotland. And now he's invested nearly £2m trying to prove he can make fine-dining finger-lickin' good. It sounds amazing, the sort of dream team that you've put together. Slightly concerned about the expense involved in that because dream teams don't come cheap. You haven't got any grey hair. I've got some. Well, you're hiding it very well, unless you dye the fucking thing. Ah, no, I don't dye it. Not yet. But no, it's expensive. You know what the score is. Have you owned hotels professionally before? No, I haven't owned hotels before. We've had various restaurants, fast-food chains that we've built up, sold out. Family restaurants that we still run but obviously at a completely different level. A fast food restaurant is miles away from anything to do with fine dining. But you still want to produce quality for the...for the spend. It sounds fantastic. But this place is costing Barry over £8,000 a week on food and staff costs alone. And they seem to have forgotten the three most important things in the restaurant business. Customers, customers, customers. Four days a week, the restaurant's dead. And every night it's empty, it's another big dent in Barry's investment, and Loic's ego. Sometimes we get zero. Really? > It must be hard when it's zero, no? > Yeah. Especially with all this team here. Does it hurt? > Yeah, a bit, yeah. You've got the team, but you want to play. Oh, yeah. We are like dogs, you know, when they go shooting they go grrrr! "We are ready." Loic's hungry for success, but the locals aren't biting. Can you do me a favour? Can you read that out for me? Oh, gosh, I can't say that! Boulangiere of Jerusalem artichokes. Do you know what that is? One glance at his menu and I think I've spotted the problem before I've even tasted the food. Declanaise Asian of Salmon. Barragoolies... That sounds good! How's your goolies? That doesn't sound very appetising. I'd probably order that one. 'This food may appeal to connoisseurs in the South of France, Haven't got the foggiest. 'but this is Scotland's smallest city.' Would you eat that? You cannae read it so you don't know what it is. Thank you. Barry and Loic want Michelin-level success but they've lost sight of the basics. Yeah. You want it and you wanna get your shopping trolley and go along and get that and get that and I can see it in your eyes. You've had a lot of success, bringing all these things in together. It's not the perfect recipe for an instant hit. I'm just worried that you don't fall into the same fucking trap that I did and I lost a lot of money. It was a proud day for me when I opened Amaryllis in my home town, Glasgow. We got off to a great start and within our first year, we'd won a Michelin star. But as the menu became more elaborate, the diners started to dwindle. The food was so fancy, it put off the locals. They stopped coming and I was forced to close Amaryllis down. Its a bit of deja-vu for me and I'm concerned that you may be running too quickly too soon. You know, you're in danger of fucking it. Going too far. That happened to me after 12 years at the top. There's no doubting Loic's talent. It's his lack of experience that worries me. One scallop, table three. Its his first ever head chef's job. There's always a big, big trap they fall in, where they try to do too much too soon and almost try to be sort of competitive and thinking that what they saw in their previous kitchen which was in a three Michelin star, I've got to be better than that and that's where a lot of young chefs fail. Can you check table ten for me, please? 'It's my second day at La Riviera, a top restaurant with no customers. 'So if the locals aren't eating here, where are they eating?' Busy for lunch. Fuck me, £5.95 for two courses, starter and main. 'Inverness is a fast-growing city 'and the restaurant market is clearly thriving.' £7.95. That's fucking cheap, isn't it? Two courses, £9.95. > 'I've asked Loic to serve me dinner from his a la carte menu, 'which costs £34 for two courses.' With that team in there, and the produce in the fridge is to die for, erm, so it should be a great dinner. I'm looking forward to this one. One scallop, to follow one duck, the breast pink. Allez, let's go. This is your canapes. An olive medallion and a cheese beignet. 'Canapes and a pre-starter. 'This is ambitious food for London, let alone Inverness.' Potato soup with, erm, wasabi. Very creamy. Very, very rich. I'm excited about the food, but I don't feel comfortable sat here. You are like a painter. You need a good eye. You know, like a painter would put something like black here and not here because for him it doesn't look right. OK, let's go. One scallops, table nine. Very complicated. A lot of...a lot of, erm, combinations of flavours going on. 'For me the golden rule is always, "Keep it simple."' You're tasting broad bean, white asparagus, the citrus vinaigrette, confit tomato, fennel seeds, fennel flowers, chervil, salad, parmesan. There must be 20 things going on. And then, you know, that looks fantastic, but... doesn't do anything really. Next up, duck en deux services. This is a duck leg. Decided to make it a ravioli on duck leg. A good 10, 12 flavours on the plate again. It's just confusion. And your mind is working overtime to understand what's happening. OK, service, please. 'A main course served in two parts? That's just pretentious.' Almost like someone, erm, is uncontrollable and almost like a little bit carried away and, erm, overexcited and nothing's saying, "Just stop. Come back." Ohh, la, la. Is that all for me? 'Loic seems desperate to impress. 'Next he'll be telling me how to eat it.' If I may, to recommend you the order. You've got the tiramisu first, please, then the floating island then you have the souffle and then the sorbet, finally the coffee torte. What a load of bollocks. Next we'll be told which direction to pee in because of the salmon in the river. Technically the flavours were amazing. The scallops were delicious. > The, erm, light vinaigrette - did it need the parmesan, the flowers, do you need that many flavours to make it work? I won't change anything on the flavour. I think the way we work, the product, erm, brings the guests the flavour that I want. Your personality has to be comfortable on the plate and I see a lot of uneasiness on the plate. I don't know if you're confident enough in what you're doing, > and I've got to be very honest because this is very crucial, but this has to work. Barry, what do you think? When you think about it, it's probably right that he has to just find his own style. 'Barry's acting more like a besotted sugar daddy than Loic's boss.' You take on somebody like that and you're taking them on because of their capabilities and their ambition and the last thing I want to try and do is to restrain that ambition and what he's doing. I'm not...I'm not a chef and I couldn't do what he does. I'm not really in a position to criticise. One sea bass, one bream. 'But I am. 'The place isn't even breaking even, 'and yet Barry's forking out four and a half grand a week on staff. 'It's no way to run a successful business.' Barry's in love with you. Ah, no, I don't think so. No, he's in love with your food. Yeah, I think he likes it, yeah. He's never gonna be your critic, and what I've gotta understand is where is your critic coming from? Who's telling you to stop, that's it, send it. When I think it's all right, don't touch it any more... 'No wonder his food's over the top. 'Now I want to see how he runs his kitchen.' (Scalpel.) Shallots. Shallots. (Tweezers.) (Forceps.) 'As every plate journeys around the kitchen, each of his seven chefs 'adds another flourish. 'And all this unnecessary fussing is wasting time and money.' Hurry up now. Yeah, all done. There's so many hands that are going on round the kitchen. The plate, is that normal for it to go round? They need my sauce, it's the same for the lobsters, they need my sauce. You put the plate under the grill and I sauce, OK? Service, please. > Oop. What is missing? No, no, no. It's OK, sorry. Oh, fucking hell, it feels like we've done 250 and all we've cooked in the last, erm, two and a half hours is, erm, ten. I felt that I wanted to just say, "Stop." What you've got at the beginning was just enough for me. You prefer something more simple? Simple because the ingredients you've got are phenomenal. 'He needs to let his food speak for itself. 'His approach feels outdated and pretentious.' Is it easier if we maybe cook a dish, like cook the scallops and look at the difference and go through it together that way? Hmm... Right, now what shall we do? Scallops? Um, now now? I've got a few things to do first for the guests tonight and I'll be with you. OK. 'If the restaurant was full, I could understand his arrogance. 'But it's haemorrhaging cash and no-one seems to care.' It's like the barricades are up and nothing's gonna get through because all I wanna do is do a dish together and look at the stages we're taking out to make it more appealing. But it doesn't seem to sink in. I only want to be part of the team, just let me in. Being a hard-ass is nice, but when you're in this situation with over-complex food and no direction, I'd fucking grab that kind of insight if I was in his shoes. The owner trusts me completely. I can do whatever I want, so... It was the deal between us. Carte blanche on whatever I do. 'Loic's behaving like a spoilt brat, 'so as a last resort, I'll try his brigade.' Is this something, you can, you know, work closely with Loic, yeah? You cannot make the food too complex. You can help us as well. I want to help. Definitely. Let me fucking in. Yes? 'First, I'm going to tackle the language barrier.' I have to get you speaking fluent Scottish. Dirty wee bastard. Dirty wee bastard. No, again. Dirty wee bastard. It's getting there. Dirty wee bastard. someone upsets him in the street... Dirty wee bastard. Oh, piss off! "Pees off"! No, piss off! Piss off out of my way. Oh, fucking hell. Oh, fucking hell. Fucking hell, yeah. I'm making headway with the team. And perhaps I can get through to Loic if we're on neutral ground. Are you familiar with the songs? Do you know what they sing here? (SINGS FRENCH FOOTBALL CHANT) I wouldn't shout that here if I was you! > I'm not sure the locals will appreciate French football songs any more than they'll appreciate Loic's food. I look at your situation and I can't stop comparing it to my situation when I opened up in my home town in Glasgow. It got too serious and everybody was scared to come > and then we lost a lot of money and, you know, what's the point in keeping a restaurant open to lose money? It broke my heart, in my home town, I was born there and that's what I don't want to see happen with you. You're running La Riviera like a three-Michelin-star establishment. You've started at such a high level. I don't know if it is such a high level. I mean, um, when you practise with... I mean, your chefs, when they practise with you, one day they'll go by their own, what do you think they're gonna do? Yeah, it's a good question. Chips and fish. Yes, but you've got to start with the locals. > It's not gonna survive unless that restaurant's full. 'So what do the locals want?' Some mustard, or ketchup? Mustard, please. You have to help yourself, you lazy bastard. 'You can't beat an Aberdeen Angus steak sandwich.' Mmm, that's not bad that, is it? The beef is good. 'When you've got good local produce, you don't need to mess with it.' He didn't give me my change back, did he? No. See, he's really Scottish. It's already my third day, but nothing's sinking in. Surely Loic can't ignore the evidence if it's staring him in the face. This isn't a meal for six. All this is dinner for one at La Riviera. Looks like a fucking feast for a king. Henry VIII. Huh? It's quite interesting when you start from one end and go > all the way right to the very end. It helps you to identify where you can just draw back a little bit and look at the whole balance of exactly what you're doing. People have to understand that they are here to enjoy it, so they have to spend a bit more time on the table, just say, "We've got two hour and a half to enjoy it." I couldn't eat all that. I'd have to stop halfway, I think. I'd stop halfway. Yes? I don't know, um... If I was not able to eat all this, I wouldn't do it. What Loic can't get into his stubborn French brain is that refusing to trust his ingredients isn't just putting off his customers, it's also a turn-off for Michelin inspectors. 'Maybe I can convince Barry. It is his money after all.' Recommend me a whisky. > 'I'll try to explain in terms that any Scotsman will understand.' And one for, er, Barry please, because Barry's paying, so... Can I have a touch of ice in there, please? Thank you. Can I have a touch of soda in there, please? No, because you're going to spoil the drinks. Are you suggesting or telling me? I'm doing both. No way, soda on the malt whiskies. There's no way. No. Let me just say something. You're absolutely right. You don't fuck with things that are good. And the first thing I said to Loic about the food, when you've got quality ingredients, let them speak for themselves. And when you've got something as good as that, that speaks volumes, doesn't need anything else, no fucking parsley, no chervil, no bay leaf, no fucking fruit gum, nothing. Just bang, get it out. Do you understand? Yeah, I do. 'Barry seems to be getting it, and this just might convince his chef.' The St Jacques dish. Cook that, and I'm gonna cook a St Jacques dish alongside you. There's a lot of ways to do it. Yeah, no, no, no, of course. I'm 38, I'm ten years older, so it's not because I'm ten times better, I just want to make you understand how I think, yeah? OK. 'What Loic doesn't know is that I've invited ex-AA-inspector David Young 'to judge the dishes for himself. 'And what he won't know is whose is whose. 'My St Jacques dish has just four simple ingredients. 'As well as the scallops, it has a cauliflower puree, 'and a caper and raisin dressing.' How long for you...? 30 seconds. 'Loic's dish has at least 14 different flavours.' So you've got the new season asparagus, white asparagus with roasted scallops. Ah, you've got a fennel, artichoke and anise jus and I mix it with a fennel milk, OK? You've got the parmesan crisps and you've got the broue. 'It's time to let Loic into my little secret.' I've arranged for the inspector of the AA guide to come and taste our food. Thank you. Go, darling, please. So is he gonna make like a competition? 'Food inspectors are feared and revered by chefs across the country. 'If they judge your food worthy of Michelin stars or AA rosettes, 'the reward is a place on the gastronomic map. 'And, ideally, customers beating a path to your door. 'Will he prefer Loic's elaborate plateful or my simpler rendition?' This particular one has much more visual impact. I get the feeling that the dish is going to taste of exactly what was described to me. Whereas this one looks a little bit over-garnished and there's a bit of a muddle of different types of flavours. 'Inspectors like David can make or break a restaurant's reputation.' Let me introduce you to Loic. 'If Loic is going to gain a coveted Michelin star, his food really needs 'to be worthy of four rosettes.' How difficult, David, is it to get four AA rosettes? It's very difficult because to put it into context, as of this moment, there are only two AA four-rosette restaurants in Scotland. In the whole of Scotland. Is it a four-star dish, what you've eaten? This one, Gordon? No. No, this particular dish would be between two and three rosettes, whereas this dish would be probably four rosettes. With the combination of the cauliflower and caper puree, it just absolutely lifted the dish into a different dimension. Whereas this one, some of the flavours were over-complicated, to be frank. And it may be just a case of, erm, sometimes, erm, less is actually more. 'Loic has taken the news badly. 'He thinks I've stitched him up. 'Anglo-French relations have hit an all-time low. 'But time is running out at La Riviera.' It's got to work, hasn't it? It's your first head chef's job. 'Will I ever make princes out of this colony of frogs?' Smile! Fucking hell, it doesn't cost anything in Scotland. I'm getting towards the end of my week at La Riviera and I don't know if Loic is still speaking to me. Last night he reacted badly when an AA inspector confirmed that his food was over fussy. What was the first thing you thought about this morning after, em, yesterday with the inspector? What sort of message did you learn from it? Hmm, now I have your advice, I have his, his advice as well, so, one, we can say, maybe he's wrong. Two, ah, you start thinking maybe I am wrong. Em, so. It's a difficult thing to accept. The French franc has finally dropped. It's been hard for Loic, but he's already changing his game plan. He's come up with a new, much simpler idea for the scallop dish. It looks fucking brilliant. And what I can identify now, I know there's apple cos you kept the green I know there's rocket, I know there's pumpkin seeds and it... it makes me feel comfortable, because I know what I'm about to eat. I can identify what you're doing. That...that's delicious. Everything that goes on the plate has to have a reason, not for this, but for here. Yeah, for the palate. And what you've just done, Loic, you've given your food clear insight. OK. I understand. It's not three, four, five rosette. I'd be happy eating that anywhere. Where's that fucking inspector? Fucking hell, hallelujah! I've just taken fucking France. Now Loic has finally swallowed his pride we can begin to move forward. With his team behind him, maybe he has a chance of achieving his ultimate goal. Hmm, you told me that you wanted a Michelin star and at first I didn't think that was possible, you know that, because of how things got so complicated. But with this here, there's no two ways about it, it's definitely worth a star. And I respect Loic for taking it on board, because it's a fucking hard lesson, a very hard lesson, but, you know, it's got to work, hasn't it? It's your first head chef's job. You can't afford to fuck that. Crucial... You've got the right training. Now you've got the perfect position to do it. But winning over the kitchen is only half the battle. Carolyn is the maitre d'. And she's also Loic's girlfriend. She's responsible for writing the elaborate menus and I've already discovered that the locals haven't got a clue what they mean. It's time to turn the tables. Read that for me. Cullen Skink peppered with mashed tatties. Nice. To prove a point, I've given them a menu of classic Scottish dishes. What do you think it is, something sexy? Something, um, spicy? Tatties. Tatties. Loic, what do you think that one is there? This one here? Bridies Forfar and winter Aberdeen salad of grilse. No idea at all. What is Queen Mary tart? Queen Mary tart, yeah. And? And crumble crunch. Do you have any idea what I'm trying to say? Yes, it's impossible to choose anything you don't understand. Exactly. That's exactly it. It's difficult to make a choice when you have this one, because it's... Yes. It's difficult for fucking Scotland to understand you guys, that's what I'm trying to say. Same, yeah. So it's less intimidating if you have "an assortment of salmon" em, you know, "a selection of mandarin". what I'm trying to say? 'At last I'm getting somewhere.' Just look at what you're taking to the table, and, fucking hell, you know, it's like you're a librarian. You should see what it's like when the table are sat and six of them are looking in here. You've lost everybody. There's no dinner any more, because everyone's behind a brick wall. You can simplify the whole thing. Just one beautiful open card, starters, mains, so everything going down there has simplified it. And it's not just the menus that need lightening up. Smile, mon ami. Smile. He's far better looking when he's smiling. Smile! Fucking hell, it doesn't cost anything in Scotland. Well tried, though. Well tried, yeah. Oh fucking hell, throw him in the river. We're supposed to be in a restaurant. Not a Sunday School church service. Where's my Bible? ORGAN MUSIC Barry's grasped the nettle, and has radical plans to transform the dining room. We're gonna take this column away, gonna take the raised area away at the back on that side... 'At a cost of £35,000.' The arches over the doors, we're going to square off, and then it's all panelled all the way round. Some nice artwork. It doesn't look that bad, does it? It doesn't look... I don't think it looks particularly... It's not glamorous. It's not glamorous... But it's not shitty. No, but it's just not... I just think it doesn't look right. But I've got a low-cost idea which I think will give La Riviera a unique selling point. I'd like you to start thinking about having a table in the kitchen where you have locals who come and sit and eat. It starts to break up the sort of wall that, you know, sometimes you have when you come to a strange new country. As I've discovered, having a chef table in the kitchen is a great way to bring customers into your world, and keep the chefs on their toes. And this would be the first restaurant in Scotland to have one. I think this would be the best place. Yes, down there. Just in the corner and they will see everything. And it can create something exciting in Inverness. Can you imagine the buzz? The chef's table could be a way of showing off and establishing your reputation here and be first, you know? It's an exciting idea. Yeah, it is. I mean, for once, we're gonna see how do the people react to the food? just throw it. Hopefully they won't do that. Super. But it all costs money and although the chef table is a great investment, until they've got customers coming in, they need to make economies elsewhere. Crab, foie gras and hand-dived scallops which are king scallops. So, I mean the Rolls Royce of ingredients. I mean, everything's here, fucking hell. Loic needs to do what I did when I started out. Learn to use good cheap cuts to put together an inspiring menu. Do you ever use a shin, Loic? No. 'Making something exquisite from a shin of beef or an ox tongue takes a lot of skill.' It's like the size of my feet. 'And it's great way to identify talent.' Right, em, oxtail. You, you and you, a little competition. I want you to cook a dish. > Come up with something really exciting and then Loic and myself will look at it and the most tastiest delicious dish, we'll put on the lunch menu. And for me the most important thing about this, it's always a sign of a very, very, good cook to turn something very, very cheap into something quite special. So, Regis, take it to bed and think about it. LAUGHTER Next morning, I'm pleased to see the young chefs have taken their oxtail challenge seriously. Pasta. Yes. Pulled through, yes. It's very, you know... Nice and long. Yep. Roll it. Put it back into still shape from the beginning. That's a good idea. Jus reduction. Reduction...glass. Like a fondant. The oxtail dishes for the lunch menu are almost ready and they've each cost about a quid to put together. This is braised oxtail with ah, winter vegetable with and braised mushrooms. Such dishes are highly profitable, and bringing together great Scottish produce with French flair is a winning formula. I like the jus and just a bit of horseradish on it. Yes. It tastes delicious. With the white root vegetables, it made it feel earthy and together. Thank you. Who's next? 'And despite what Loic thinks, 'simplifying his dishes will actually make them more likely to win awards.' I've never had oxtail and sesame seed together before. Michelin inspectors never reveal their criteria, but I know from experience that beautifully cooked food is not enough. Next. Inspectors want quality ingredients, ideally regional, and definitely in season. I put, ah, carrots and celeriac. This idea was great. 'And the balance of flavours is crucial.' Very rich. It needs a salad because it's quite rich. And what I like is, he put the salad just next to it and not on a plate. like this, you can choose. But first and foremost, don't confuse a Michelin inspector's palate by putting too many ingredients on the plate. I never expected anyone French to come up with a jacket potato stuffed. The simpler, the better. Um, what do you think? Brilliant idea. The flavours are very good. What you managed to do is to bring out the true flavour of oxtail. Thank you. That's OK, Mel Gibson. Any one of these dishes would deserve a place on the lunch menu, but we're choosing just one. I want to see if Loic and I will agree on the winner. I'm gonna touch the plate I'd like on the lunch menu, you touch the plate after three, yeah? OK. One, two, three. Nicolas. Bravo. That's good. It was real and authentic Scottish food. That's... I think, he understood, really understood, where we wanna go. With Loic leading the way, we ready to re-launch the restaurant. For me, it's a critical stage for any restaurant to get a lunch full. 'And if our customers have an enjoyable lunch, chances are they'll be back for a more expensive a-la-carte dinner.' And when they leave with a bloody good lunch, good prices, I can guarantee by the time 5 o'clock in the afternoon hits, you know, they've told 100 people, "Go there for dinner because I had a fantastic lunch." I want to see if we can push the starter, main and dessert, one hour. As well as the new oxtail dish, the menu will include mackerel, pheasant and goats cheese ravioli, venison from Barry's estate, tuna and the cheapest cut of pork. Customers sometimes are scared about belly of pork, thinking fat, greasy. We've taken the fat off, rolled it and spiced on a bed of spinach. It's a caramelised onion puree. Have a taste, if you wish. And I've got some other ideas to give Scottish traditional dishes a modern twist. This is a soup that doesn't look pretty, but tastes amazing. They wouldn't expect a Frenchman to make this soup. It's a really nice way of, you know, putting your identification on it. Ah, Loic, just an idea for the rice pudding. We grew up with this kind of food, so we can go a little bit further. Caramelised pineapple, mango or even marinate the prunes in a nice malt whiskey. Yeah. The kitchen's finally turning out the kind of food that I know will definitely appeal to the locals. And even the waiters have promised to try and smile. But there's one more thing to complete the transformation. You've got to come with me now, because we're gonna become even more Scottish. Any ideas yet? Regis, have you ever taken your knickers off before? No. No. A chance to show everyone your Scotch Eggs. OK. It's time for Loic and his small colony of French comrades to surrender themselves to the Scots. Oh, fucking hell. The things I'll do to get the arrogant French to become a little bit more Scottish is amazing, you know that? It's cold! How do you put it on? MAN: We don't wear pants underneath our kilts. It's wonderful, very hot. And very sexy, yeah. LAUGHTER Attendez! Attendez! Attendez! Hey, there's 25 very important guests coming in for lunch. Yes? I've got some really good news. They're all women. Nice. Very powerful women. Super. If they can impress 25 influential local business women, they'll be the talk of the town. Could I have the oxtail and the pork, please? Table two, four guests. One potato soup, vegetarian. Three oxtail. Table seven, one tuna. Nicolas, go on starters. Two mackerel, two ravioli, one oxtail, OK? Watch your legs. Watch your frog's legs. At last, Loic's team are beginning to dance to a different tune. Mushroom! Start. The food looks really good - clear and simple. Fucking class. Everyone's coping really well. It's the first time I've actually seen a real taste of Scotland in this kitchen. It's about fucking time. After this, two pork. Loic's on his way to the top of the premier league. It's wonderfully presented. It's gorgeous. And judging by the reaction of his fans, he's definitely scored. Absolutely divine. > Perfect, absolutely perfect. You couldn't fault anything, really. I would imagine normally this sort of food, you're talking at least a couple of hours for lunch, but to get something like this in that timescale, brilliant. It's beautiful. You have tried. You win this. OK, it's for you a present. Thank you, mon ami. Excuse me, what the fuck is that? Who is that? I think it's a big chef. And what is that there? Ah...balls. Balls, yeah. Trust me, I have a big pair of bollocks. Allez les Bleus. Thank you. Chin chin. Loic and his team have come a long way this week, and if he sticks to my keep-it-simple mantra, then I think La Riviera might be on the right track for a Michelin star. Outside. Just for the ladies, Regis. To understand that you really are part of Scotland now, we're all gonna turn around... CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Turn round, turn round, turn round. Ready? One, two, three, go! Right, Loic. 'It's been two months since I was at La Riviera.' Bonjour, have you missed me? Ah, a little bit, yeah. 'So, what's changed?' Take one. The menu looks lovely...and you've got, um, cheaper ingredients on. I'm dying to taste the pork cheeks. Can you cook me one? Yeah. Yes. That looks interesting. Is that the Chef's Table? Yes, I'm finishing the Chef's Table. Very impressed. That looks great. 'It's good to see he's acted on my advice. 'But the proof of the pudding is in the eating.' Here we are, monsieur. Thank you, Loic. The pork cheek is, ah, Ebly risotto and chanterelle. 'A dish with just four ingredients?' Delicious. That is one of the tastiest dishes I've ever eaten here. Really delicious. If you continue like this, this place is only gonna just get busier and busier and busier. That's what we want. That's a great dish to be proud of. Thank you. How's the refurb been going on in the dining room? It's finished for one week now. Wow. Fuck me, what a difference. Bloody hell. It looks a lot more, ah, slick, smart. > Barry must have spent a fortune on it. Beautiful, er, dark panel wood. It is, it is another restaurant. 'It feels more relaxed, but is it money well spent?' Has anything improved since the last time I was here? Yeah, the restaurant's bookings have improved. We looked at what you told us on simplifying the menu, writing the menu. Michelin star? I would love to get one, but what's more important at the moment is that we build the customers. 'It's come a long way from the restaurant I found two months ago. 'His food was so elaborate.' There must be 20 things going on on this plate. 'It frightened off the customers.' Oh, fucking hell. Oh, fucking hell. Hurry up now. 'He was desperate for a Michelin star, 'but reluctant to let me help.' 'But by the end of the week... Take it to bed and think about it. '..the message had sunk in.' Hallelujah! I've just taken fucking France. 'And we were able to fill the stuffy restaurant with happy diners. 'His dream was to win awards and with his newly simplified food, 'I thought Loic was finally producing dishes worthy of a Michelin star. It looks fucking brilliant. > Where's that fucking inspector? 'This time round, 'I raised the bar even higher with another surprise visitor for Loic.' Last time I saw him, he gave me three Michelin so, um, perhaps the most revered and feared critic in the world. 'Derek Brown is the grand fromage of restaurant inspectors.' Hi. > 'He's ex-President of The Michelin Guide and is doing me a favour.' I'm not gonna say too much about this restaurant, but he's a very intriguing, talented individual and would love to see what you think. What he's capable of doing. Now, remember, you don't know me. Top secret. 'Head chef Loic has no idea he has such 'an influential critic in his restaurant. 'For his sake, I hope Derek goes for the simple pork cheek I had.' The lamb, please. Lamb. 'Damn!' How would you like it cooked, sir? Um, pink, please. 'To me, the Scottish lamb with 'stuffed baby artichokes looks as elaborate as it did two months ago.' You've got your herb garden back. I'm from the South of France, so it's very important for me. 'I hope to God I'm wrong.' You can't eat it. I can't wait to see Loic's face when he realises the food he's sending out now is for the ex-President of Michelin. He's gonna shit his French knickers. 'Time for the moment of truth.' Loic, deux secondes, s'il vous plait. Loic, do you know this gentleman? Hmm, no. Sorry. Mr Derek Brown, Loic. I think I've seen you, yeah, already. Maybe in France. I'm dying to find out, so is Loic, how was lunch? Well, it was very interesting. Your technique, you've been very careful about the whole preparation of each of your dishes, but it was too complicated. There were ten different flavours on the plate. There was garlic and herbs in the artichoke, which is itself a delicate thing, a little bit overpowering. The shoulder which you'd done a confit of was the tastiest part. The million-dollar question, was lunch worthy of a Michelin star? I would, I would say that you have not got very far to go. I never gave advice in my working life before, but if you want me to give advice, I would simplify. Make sure the customers are going to be happy with every dish you make and things like stars from The Michelin Guide will follow. The old boys have got to be replaced, so it's up to you Hmm, hmm, hmm. 'But has the message really sunk in? Or is he still intent on 'forcing over-elaborate French food on the locals?' This is our challenge. It is not to bring people like you do in London. The challenge is to teach them and to bring them in. That's why you have to make something special. Fuck me, my frustrating thing is that you've really got to understand the message, because I fucking said this from day one and I'm not an inspector. I'm a chef and I see it from your level. 'Will he ever understand that simple can also be special?' One salmon, one venison. Are you feeling nervous about the Chef's Table in the kitchen tonight? If they see a nightmare, they'll say, this French is fucking crazy. I think they'll be very happy with the fucking nightmare. 'With a fully booked restaurant 'tonight, and his first diners in the kitchen, 'Loic should be a very happy man.' OK, ah, mon ami. Bon chance. Allez les Bleus. Good evening. How are you tonight? I hope you're glad to be the first in my kitchen table. I will make a bit of music for you, if you want? I can manage this. 'We'll never be best mates, but we have one thing in common - ambition.' Remember what he said about 12 or 15 things on one plate, so the next time you put a dish together and you've gone past eight, nine, ten things on the plate, give me a fucking call, cos I'm coming back when you get to 11. OK? OK. Allez les Bleus. Thanks a lot. Bon chance. Good luck tonight, yes? You're gonna fucking need it. Ciao ciao, bon soiree. I sincerely hope he makes it a success. 'Who knows, maybe the Michelin star will follow.' 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 