Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s1e2 - The Glass House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Glass House - full transcript 
 Saturday night at the Glass House Restaurant in Ambleside is a nightmare. Orders in the kitchen are mixed up, food's not cooked properly and the customers are complaining. Not only is the chef in tears, but the owners on the brink as well. Neil Farrell's owned the Lake District restaurant for 3 years and he's up to this eyes in debt. The business won't survive if the restaurant's only busy on a Saturday night but with only 3,000 residents in the town, Neil has to attract the influx of visitors if he's going to fill the 90-seats every night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 'People dream of owning a restaurant in a town in the country, cooking fresh local produce, serving loyal locals as well as tourists.' 'A restaurant to die for, surely.' 'But the Glass House is in deep trouble.' Fuckin' partridge! It's not fucking all right. Do it how I tell you, yeah? We're not losing it. For fuck's sake! No, that's them. 'The kitchen's in chaos and the customers are unimpressed.' It was rare. The other half was just about cooked. It was disappointing. 'It's losing money, and the owner's about to crack up.' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'd burn the bloody place down. Better not put that on camera. 'He's at his wits' end, so he's called me in.' 'I've got just one week to do it.' Garlic popcorn?! 'I will save Neil's restaurant.' 'I won't tolerate excuses.' You had bad breath. 'No hiding place and no bullshit.' You're talking out of your arse. Out of your fucking arse. We sometimes do! > 'Neil dreamed of owning a restaurant, but since buying the Glass House it's turned into a nightmare.' 'People are after him for money, and he's turned his mobile phone off' 'He could go mad and may even go bust.' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When it's your own money and you're the one that's walking the tightrope it's very different. We haven't worked out which road we're taking. Sure. > 'At least he's called me in for help, but Neil's got to take some tough decisions. I can't do that for him.' 'But I can encourage him.' 'First, I see if the chefs know what they're doing.' 'The head chef's 37, like me. He trained at Claridge's before my time' 'He's on 25 grand a year, so he'd better be good.' The same amount as the other day. Until he says I can call him Gordon, he's Mr Ramsay. Harry Ramsden! He thinks there might be confusion. 'First I need to watch him cook.' Everyone's nervous that they're gonna call him Mr Ramsden! Morning! Mr Ramsay. Very pleased to meet you. Likewise. First name? Richard. Where is it going wrong? A very difficult question. We've beat our heads... many a time. < Should we turn it into a pizzeria? Is that what people want? I just feel it ain't working and I'm questioning my ability. 'To control his team, the head chef's got to believe in himself... otherwise forget it.' Two cloths. Check  Caesar salad, battered salmon. 'Hello? No communication. Not a dicky bird. No-one even answers the chef!' 'Bad news.' No "Oui, chef"? > I have to ask for it. Oh? Craig, you're not lost for words, are you? No, not at all. Big hard man like you. > I say "How's it going?" 'Time to test Richard's cooking.' I thought it'd be nice, just for today, to have a bite to eat. For yourself to go up. You're gonna cook for me. You choos your favourites, your specialities. I want three duck cakes putting in. Not those. He's having four fresh ones, of which he's gonna eat two. 'Richard's proud of his duck cakes with chilli jam. Pretentious crap.' They're like Scotch eggs. Big... camel's bollocks. And someone's been very lazy in the kitchen I've got a bloody bone. Hm. So... I'll save that one for later(!) 'Another favourite braised lamb shank with parsnip crisps.' It's very clumsy cooking, and lazy elements. The oils on these stink. I bet it hasn't been changed for a few weeks. 'The meal would set you back nearly thirty quid! Way too much.' Hey, guys. The food was disappointing. Sadly, I did choke. That was stuck in my throat. I'm glad it was me and not a paying customer. A restaurant owner's best investment is the chef. Without that major asset, forget it. The guy's gotta be a motivator, he's gotta bring customers back, and, from what I've seen, Neil hasn't got that in Richard. That's obvious. 'Next job, to see how Richard runs his brigade.' 'Good head chefs get the best out of their team no matter what.' 'Iain was a waiter but got bored, so now he's trying to cook instead.' 'Claire works part time.' 'I suspect she's only here cos she's going out with Iain.' We've got wild animals that have nibbled at it, but nothing. 'Randal thinks we're related because we're both from Scotland. Bollocks.' Richard, can you taste this? 'Craig. Craig's in catering college.' 'He looks pretty clueless but let's hope he proves me wrong.' 'A good team will always turn out good food, whatever the pressure.' 'It's one of their busiest nights, Saturday at half-term  a perfect test.' What is that? 'The 106 customers booked will spend an average of £30 each plus wine and the Glass House will take £4,000' 'Their biggest problem is coping with lots of orders.' Fucking dumb fucks upstairs that's a call for a nonexistent table. 'Neil did tell me when the pressure's intense the kitchen collapses.' 'And do you know what? It's true. He ends up giving meals away!' 'Things soon go from bad to very ugly.' No, it's not fucking all right. Do it how I tell you. What happened? It's full of fat, customer said. It hasn't been trimmed. That's fat. That's what it is. Take it to Richard. Jay, find out where this fish was going. That sea bass where's it going? It's gone pear-shaped. Everyone's running round like headless chickens. Eye off the ball and... just a massive breakdown in communication. Fucking partridge! The side order needs to come back and that needs to be cooked more. They want this fucking partridge cooking more? For fuck's sake! I need another partridge, Claire. Yeah. > Have we read the right check? It's really grim. 36 never had their starters. We've had the order for 40 minutes. Yes, round about. That's not good enough. Where's that big check? You break your fucking balls and you really go for it... and do you know what? Fucking why? I tell you how you can rescue me restaurant. Buy it. Fucking buy it off me, mate. And you'll do me the biggest fucking favour... you could. I think someone's about to piss his pants. I think he's just gone now. 'I've been at the Glass House for just a day.' 'It's going to be bloody hard to turn it around in a week. A month, maybe.' 'It's inquest time, and no question where to start that cocky chef.' Table eleven, chips. > It was going well. Huh? Ten past nine I went outside to have a quick chat with the customers and all of a sudden I started seeing this food coming back. Where do you think it broke down? We're not using the guys properly, but they fucking let go, as normal. The things were coming down and it just went fucking chaotic. Every fucking Saturday we've ever done is exactly the same. Maybe I should say "Fuck you, give us your money. Thanks very much." Then it wouldn't matter if I've got a shit restaurant, cos there's loads of them, and the owners drive Porsches. I'm driving a shitty Astravan and I'm fucking close to tears. I think Neil would rather throw himself in Lake Windermere than turn round and be the bad guy with his staff. (SIGHS) It's not all kitchen's fault, but the kitchen's the engine room. Huh, Richard? If we're not firing on all pistons and we're not on the ball... > Craig! > Yeah? C'mere. > Coming. The chef's asking you a question. What was the question? What happened at twenty past nine? We were fucking motoring. You looked like a sack of shite. Well, have the bollocks to apologise to him. He's bawling his fucking eyes out. Yeah. Take your fucking hat off. 'We've hit rock bottom.' Don't get upset. Huh? Hey, I'm telling you I don't want you to get upset. 'The team will need a real boost to get back on track.' It was all going so fucking well. 'But there's still some problems to tackle.' 'My second day trying to save the restaurant. It's an uphill struggle.' 'Next battle, hygiene. This place is as clean as a puppy's litter tray.' 'Last week, they knew I'd sent someone around, but they didn't know it was my head chef at Claridge's, and they didn't know he had a camera hidden in his hat.' 'Plastic containers tell me the food's not as fresh as it should be' 'Even the head chef's not sure. Rather you than me, mate.' 'This kitchen is filthy. Straight from the floor into the pesto.' 'It's a kitchen, not a building site.' 'Gordon'll have their bollocks for this.' Let's go. Jesus, look at the shit in there. Is that cleaned every night? 'The cardinal rule of cooking your kitchen must be clean... spotless.' The normal clean-down is Saturday night? We do it throughout the week. You must have one big clean. We don't have time. < Don't bullshit. At the end of the night last thing I want to do is look up. Make time. Clean kitchen, clean food. < Lazy kitchen porter, P45... < Randal. 'But it's not just up to Randal.' 'Everyone should be responsible. But they're not.' You've got to trust the brigade, and secondly, bring them on, involve them, make them talented, keep hold of them, motivate, evolve them, give them responsibilities. Think how long you spend together. It's like your second family. We spend more time together than we do with our families. 'Nothing I can do until they finish.' 'I wish Neil would turn on his phone, grow some bollocks and act like a bloody boss.' 'Other than Saturday nights, the rest of the week the place is deserted, partly because no-one can find it.' When I walked past for the first time coming down from the right-hand side, I had no idea where the place was. Yeah. Here we should have a nice prominent sign, Glass House restaurant, with a menu board beautifully lit and maybe lights around it as an attraction. And that sign there, the Glass House, with a new logo and new printing just something that, you know, erm... speaks value, yeah? Because it looks too comicky. It doesn't even say we're a restaurant. Exactly. I wanna see a bloody telephone number! ..Caesar salad, duck cakes... 'A well-written menu should entice customers inside.' 'At best this one is confusing, at worst it's just bizarre.' I don't want to read "popcorn". Where the fuck did that come from? The vegetarians always say there's no crunch in any of the dishes. They've got no palate. What are you worrying about vegetarians for? Lunch menu two starters, two main courses and two puddings. How many people are gonna come in for a two-course lunch? We're going to look at the menus, > and if that's hearty, countrified food, then trust me. You don't want to lose sandwiches. I don't want to lose the revenue. I serve sandwiches  lobster roll, suckling-pig sandwich, a beautiful beef sandwich. I've got no problem serving sandwiches. OK, guys. Craig, open mackerel sandwich. Work down. Good. Lightly seasoned. 'With a clean kitchen we can improve the food and I can see how they work' Thyme flowers. Gently, now, because they're very, very fine, and then, Craig... taste it. 'Craig looks scared stiff of making a mistake. He'll have to change.' Less salt? I haven't put it in yet. If it's not a hot pan, what happens to the fish in the pan? It won't cook. It'll boil, so there's no colour. Two more round the outside. > 'Iain's got some bad habits but I think he may make it one day.' How do you know when to turn them? It's changing colour, and when it gets halfway... Turn it over. We're just going to finish on the bottom. Good question. You're a very, very good cook. Yeah? I don't know. Anyone ever told you that? This restaurant is gonna be better than the BLT. Up... and over. Good. > Randal, how's your sandwich? > He's the cat that's got the cream! > You know? Different from a BLT? That's better than a BLT. Not as good as a Big Mac! You fucker. I'll brain you, y'know? 'Everyone should make a contribution, but Richard hasn't even consulted his team.' What's your weak point in a kitchen? When I get a lot of orders, I don't have them in front of me. I have to check the ticket again. Put it together in your own mind. Saturday nights are quite hard, when all the checks are coming on and I do kind of lose where I'm at. When it goes quiet it's difficult to motivate yourself. That's what Richard said. Randal, is that your third? Second. Second one. Jesus! 'Neil's agreed to a new lunch menu, simple, fresh food for a tenner, including the new mackerel sandwich.' That's lovely. This is excellent. I'm glad you enjoyed it. We'll come again. 'At last, some happy customers.' The place is full of happy people. Chive, small amount. Iain, treat it with a bit of love and care. Place it in there gently, yeah? Don't throw it in! Shhh! 'My God, the kitchen suddenly sounds as if it's running well.' One salmon! One sausage! Randal? Sweep the floor, please. I've done it already. There's flour everywhere. I didn't see you do it what time was that? What time was that? When you were doing the demonstration. It's dirty let's go. Claire, can you let me know when that bread is happening? Great! Every section of the kitchen's talking to one another. Good! Claire? > 'But Richard's not working with the team.' Do you want him to help you? I'm... putting the sausages under. That's all I've got to do. Quiet lunch, not that busy I want to see us working together even more. I know there's nothing for you to do, but... I know it's painful but get him doing something for you. Please? Thank you. And you... Hey! Ask him "Can I do anything for you, Richard?" Yep. "Sausages, where are they? Mash? What can I do?" Bring the team together. Even Richard, with no man-management skills, said you're bringing out the best in the guys the hunger. That's what you pay him 25 grand for! I know that. 25 grand is a lot of money! I know, but my head was too far up my arse to see what was going on. 'Neil needs to get his head out of his arse and keep customers happy and make sure they spend their money.' 'He needs them to bypass the cheap early supper menu and eat a la carte, and that's how he'll pay off his debts and rebuild his reputation.' Listen, fifteen portions of apple cake, fondant and bloody gratin dauphinoise five nights a week is £125,000 a year turnover. Hey, on three items out of nearly twenty on a menu. Yeah? The last table has just arrived early so I don't want Neil to give them the early supper menu. And I wanna sell the a la carte, not the cheapo menu. (They look like they've got money!) Today you've got the a la carte and the early supper menu. Lots to choose from. That table that just arrived said they were twenty minutes early. They booked at seven thirty, so don't give them the cheap menu. The table of four? Yeah. What did you give them? I gave them both. Yeah, damn. 'Neil must work the tables, not worry about the kitchen.' 'If he focused he'd do a fine job.' You are a phenomenal salesman, you've got the most amazing wine cellar, and you can both take an order, and you can cane it on the wine, and the better the food, the more money they'll spend on wine. 'After three days, the guys upstairs are starting to get the basics, but Richard just isn't earning his twenty-five grand.' I'm sorry for saying it, but the guy shows no inspiration, so if he's not inspired, these young guys are gonna dwindle away. That's your little kingdom, yeah? Control it. 'It's his biggest problem, but Neil just won't face the facts.' 'I'm going to have to show him how it can run without his chef.' I want you to take the night off tonight. And I want you to take the night off. I'd love you to have dinner together. Right. Don't have to eat here, do we? Yes! Dodd's it is! When was the last time you had dinner together? Truthfully. About two and a half years ago. OK. Hello? And when was the last time you sat and ate here? Never done it. Can we do it? Yeah. But kitchen mustn't know about it. I need support from you guys, because it would be too exciting. I've sent Richard home. 'They may not be up to this. If it goes wrong I may look a right tosser' We had a nightmare last night. It was the biggest shithole in Britain. We're going to rectify that. You on the hot plate. You run the kitchen. If it's going well I want you to run it for half an hour. If it is going that well yeah, scratch your bollocks, whatever I want you to run it for a while. Maybe one thirty, two in the morning! Let's just work for each other. Let's not lose the plot and let's show your chef that you're more talented than he thinks you are. Tell you what... Thank you. ..you host the meeting. Yeah? Claire, two seconds. Yeah. > Let's go. I'm shutting up. You host the meeting, you call the shots. Right. Soup. Got soup? Pumpkin. Yeah. It's on your section. Fish pie with peas. We've got twelve and one more downstairs. Suckling pig how long? About eight minutes. Apple and almond cake. Yeah, sorted. Really well done. Little pat on the back. Nice kiss? He's your boyfriend. It's all gonna be OK and we're gonna prove to them, especially Richard, that we can do it without him. Don't worry. Don't worry about it. OK, Claire? Yeah, no worries. Ready? Yeah. > 'Table 37 has arrived and it's gone seven-thirty, so they'll get the a la carte menu.' Two lamb, one salmon, yes? Pass me the salmon. I'll do that. Cheers, mate. Aye. Cheers, cocker. 'I pray Neil tastes the difference in the food, then over a glass of wine he can give Richard what for.' Use the centre of the cutter. Craig? What are you doing? Labelling this tub. How about showing some interest? OK? Pea and leek tart, asparagus, and just glaze that round. Thank you very much. This is fucking amazing. Can I try that tart? No, piss off, it's mine. If you don't eat that soon, mate, I am. I've had a sexual experience in the kitchen for the last few days. Well done. < Salmon. Don't send it, Randal, don't send it. Salmon. Watch the hot fat. Thank you. Thank you. Well done. Thank you. Good, good, good, good! Bloody good. Randal? Away table 34, please. > When he's gone, are you gonna be able to instil what he has? Iain's now in charge of the kitchen, everybody. How many lamb on order, Iain, please? One lamb, one pig, one dauphinois. Watch. You've got to sustain it forever. I know I have. I am shitting myself... to produce this food. I am really, really fucking scared. But... I'll die trying. Been better than last night so far, yeah? < I'll say. Is that not because... Richard's not here? < (CLAIRE LAUGHS) I'm not going to say. What do you mean? < We won't have a job! You've got bollocks  has it gone well without Richard? It's gone smooth. From a monetary point of view... 'I'm showing owner Neil how strong the kitchen is without the head chef' 'I think the team have done a bloody good job. But will Neil agree?' Table 37 thought the food was absolutely fantastic and would like to meet the team. Are they local? They are, yes. > In the oven. LAUGHTER That's table 37. Well done. > I mean that. Were you responsible for that food? 'Has Neil had the bollocks to read Richard the riot act?' Seriously, guys, it really was nice. Absolutely beautiful. < Who did what tonight? We all did it in turns. We all just kept swapping sections, and we all worked together as a team and it was great. < Have you let me down tonight? No, we've done you proud. I thought it went smoothly. Very professional. Tonight, for the first time in such a long time... I went and had a meal... that I can't complain about at all. I can't. It was fucking sex on a plate, guys. Remember... you're my boys, my girls. At the end of the time, mine. I need to know in the next two days what you're gonna do with your shop. Jesus Christ, I fucking don't know! Do you want to sit in a bookshop doing fuck all? It's your decision. I said it was your decision when you wanted to buy it. The bookshop's good for my degree  I can get my degree there. < IAIN: Got me by the short and curlies, chef. The team performed bloody well tonight without Richard. Nail should look really close at that because that is a bad investment. 'I'm over halfway through the week.' 'The team are doing really well.' 'Last night they cooked without head chef Richard and did a great job.' 'But Richard's struggling, and Neil the owner won't get rid of him.' Does he take advantage of you because you're such a nice guy? I think everyone takes advantage of me. He gets paid that amount every month, and it's a bloody good salary, but there doesn't seem to be any onus on... evolving. It's got to make money. This is your livelihood > your lease, your livelihood, your family, your money, and if this goes tits up, they bugger off and you're sat here in the shit. You're taking a bit out for service. 'I'd never put Richard in the kitchen without him it serves better food.' 'But... it's Neil's decision.' Do you now realise how much talent's in here? Yeah. What I was saying last night we are a family and we've gotta work it out. Erm... Well, you're the leader, the big inspiration. I want them to come on. If this slides back down, they'll slide back down. It's not gonna slide back down. 'Next, to relaunch the menu so the Glass House wins back its customers.' 'Maybe Richard will prove he can run the kitchen. It's his last chance.' 'For the team it's another opportunity to prove themselves.' That's the most important thing about being a talented cook having that inner strength to say "That's not good enough." As we said, mistakes stay where? In the kitchen. If you break that cardinal rule and start sending those mistakes because you think chef won't see it, I'm gonna cane your arse. Yeah. Aye! Like you said... > 'First, to cut down the menu.' I want to give it a twist. When I went through the menus last night, eighty-five to ninety dishes how on earth we get to control that, you know, over... y'know... It's a lot of gear on there. I've not sat down and counted it. With six starters, six main courses, six puddings, we'll sell more of them so the cheaper it becomes to make, especially doing the lamb shanks. I don't want to see "frozen but lovely" next to "chips". If you don't put that they go "I can't believe they were frozen." You're the only restaurant I've ever seen that writes "frozen but lovely". Hot fat. < Vegetables in. 'We also have to make sure the food's top quality. That's the team's job.' So roast them in a... 'I've no doubt Claire can improve on the fatty lamb I had when I ate here' < That's what we're looking for, but all the way round, not just on top. Then it's bread and butter puddings. 'The bread and butter pudding they used to serve here was pure stodge.' 'I've put Craig in charge of it. I hope to God he's up to it.' What do we flavour it with this time? Er, vanilla. Baileys! So as it cooks, the whole thing is not becoming dry. OK, there we go. My spies told me last week that we didn't wash this lettuce for a salad. I don't want hands in there yet. 'A dish they could become famous for, classic Caesar salad. One for Iain.' The contour of the plate goes round, so put the top part on the outside. We're gonna lightly glaze... the warm egg in the centre. Parmesan, crispy bacon and then nice crispy croutons round the outside. There, the new Glass House Caesar salad. Fingers off! Look! Here! Wipe it! 'A brand-new menu and a fresh start.' 'If all goes well, tonight we'll see the Glass House reborn.' '70 local people have been invited.' 'Everything everywhere has got to be just right. I mean right. Perfect!' Don't take this the wrong way  last night you had bad breath. OK. And when we're talking to customers trying to sell them something, it doesn't smell good. 'Even Richard seems to realise the importance of the launch.' Listen, I'm fired up. It's fucking gonna work, yeah? < Yeah. Let's fucking shout "Chef!" when I call a check out, yeah? Wait for the end of the check  "Yes, Chef!" Yeah, come on, "Oui, chef!" Reducing the menu and having slashed the prices, this isn't an expensive dish to make. No. Fresh fish, seasonal... 'I've designed the menu specially for Richard. It's all cooked in advance.' And the haddock cost absolutely nothing 70p a pound? Yeah? Yeah. And it smells lovely. Sex on a spoon. Who've we got in that we know? People locally that have got B & Bs... a few in the media, one of the head guys from tourism. They wanna contact you, so make yourself available. I'm gonna recharge me mobile, which I turned off many months ago. 'Hallelujah! Neil's like a proprietor with balls, proud of his restaurant.' Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine! 'He's even booked guests in shifts so there's less pressure on the kitchen' We've got everybody in bar the 8.00, so we've got 25 minutes. This is easy. Hello! We've never met. > And in two minutes' time our hour's silence starts. Claire? < Yeah. 'If it's quiet people can concentrate so it's impossible to confuse orders' Mash needs to be made up. Partridge. Oh, no, come on! Randal! Randal! Yeah? C'mere! Richard's calling out orders, you're tipping cutlery upside down. Can you at least wait until he's finished? Once he's finished talking to his brigade, so we can answer him. < This lamb is better off the bone. It just melts in your mouth. Roast parsnip your favourite. That is really good. Very smooth, so touch wood the rest of the night'll be even better. They've swapped tables. You still have three Caesar salad and one ham. 'Richard's in charge. There's only food to reheat and salads to dress!' The dressing's missing, that's all. Lovely. Do you mind if we start? Two pieces of pancetta, please. 'Iain's distraught, but it is Richard's job to check everything.' On your toes. Now! Yes! Good lads, good lads. Come on! Let's not go down, guys, it's starting. 'He's making a lot of noise.' Two lamb at the front. 'He'ssmakinggaalottoffnoise.' Twolambwatlthe front. ront. 'But he's not leading the team.' 'He'smmakingaallotoofnnoise.' Two Twotlamb atothe front. Neil, tables 49, 21 next. 'Orders are piling up again.' Chef, we've got to speed this up  we're looking bad. Not tonight, please, not tonight. We're not losing it. Oh, for fuck's sake! Come on, Randal, quicker. Five fish pies two, three, four, five, six. Six total. Two at the front, Claire. > Fifteen. No, that's them. I don't really know what the hell's going on in there, but for the last few minutes it looks shocking in there. Where's the check gone, Claire? < 49 it's up in the top. No... Go, 49. You've got the number. They have managed to fuck it up properly again. They only had to dress the salad and talk to each other. This is a fucking embarrassment. Wait one second. Listen. Take one Caesar salad out, please. Oui, chef. Yes. Change the table number to 51. Oui, chef. 51. I'm not taking any prisoners any more, I'm seriously not. If people don't pull their weight, they're out. I'm not fucking about. Table 12! What's that there for, Rich? 'Neil may say he won't take prisoners but he must see Richard can't cut it' 'But instead of sacking his chef, he moans about my Caesar salad.' Not eating it all? It's too big. < Compared to what you were serving? The sauce is absolutely beautiful but it's very rich. Absolute crap. Total bollocks. That is a proper Caesar salad. What I haven't done is crush the lettuce, and the shit I saw before... I'm not... > Let me finish squashing the salad. You're telling me that's too big? That is fresh salad, and I haven't even put my hands in it to dress it. So you're talking absolute bollocks. I'm ready for a fucking argument. You're talking out of your arse. If you want an argument... Can we go in the car park? Out of your fucking arse. You're talking out of your arse. There's no point talking if he's using that language. < Oh, really? 'He's got big enough bollocks to stand up to me but he can't tell his own chef, who's paid 25 grand a year, that it's time he took his P45.' 'We survived the night but only just' 'I shouldn't care but I do like these guys and I want the place to succeed' Randal, there's a fish pie here. I am so distraught with Richard. He couldn't organise or control it, and he had nothing to bloody cook! 'It's my last day at the Glass House' It's red tree time, yeah? How far is it from here? About two minutes. 'The most important thing is to tell the real workers they've done well.' I didn't think I could do the sweets until you came, but now I'm starting to get the hang of it. And we will keep it up you've done a lot for the kitchen and for me. You've done it for yourself. All I've done is drawn it out of you. That's it. Like today, when I had my little time to myself, I just couldn't help but stand there and go "Bloody hell, this is me." I haven't had any sleep. Haven't had any sleep since last night? My God! Why haven't you been sleeping? Adrenaline, the rush of the job. The rush of the job? The inspiration I get from you! You honestly haven't slept? No, promise. Bloody hell, Randal, this is not an SAS course. Get some sleep, big boy. 'So fired up he hasn't slept. God, maybe we are related.' Wood, wood, wood, wood, wood, wood, through. You have a natural touch with food. You walk around like a ballerina. Just the way you position yourself  you're agile, you're on your toes. I can't believe you've been cooking for three months. Touch of salt. 'I'm really going to miss Claire.' Your strength has been inspirational. I think I'm gonna sell my shop and get back into the kitchen as soon as possible. I think that's a good idea. Gordon Ramsay thinks I'm a really good chef! Oh, my God! Neil has a word every night after service. What did he say last night? He gave me three options, and... I took the third one. What were the options? Well, one, to leave, two, to take a pay cut and a drop down the ladder and three, to stay, work me arse off, develop the guys, carry on with what we've been doing. Are you confident that you can become the new Glass House chef? Yeah. How long will you give him? > A month. A month. > Yeah. Promise me you'll make the fucking decision and stick to it. I want more than anything in my heart for Richard to prove me wrong and I hope he does. LAUGHTER and Iand Iehopeshe does. Randal, I want you to hang that up with a bit of pride and passion. I want that to replace that horrible yellow smelly clock downstairs. Coming! CRASH How's that, chef? < Fantastic. 'Three months have passed since I tried to rescue the Glass House.' The menu looks nice and small. 'Now I'm back to see what has changed.' Hello, Neil. Hello, Mr Ramsay. Good to see you. You all right? You look a lot more relaxed. Happier. I'm a different person to the first person you saw when you came in, and I'm more confident. You came in and highlighted things that were buried in the back of my head you brought them to the forefront, and I'm glad you did. We had a roller coaster of a week. It was a hell of a week. 'Things were really grim when I first came here. I mean catastrophic.' ..that was stuck in my throat. Richard's calling out orders and you're tipping cutlery. I'm gonna cane your arse. Not tonight, please, not tonight. 'The kitchen team did well without head chef Richard.' Good, good, good, good! Bloody good. You've got a pair of bollocks  has it gone well without Richard? It's gone smooth. I'll die trying. You're talking out of your arse. Out of your fucking arse. You hated my Caesar salad. No, it was just too bloody big! I'll still stand by that. And the big question. Who's the chef? Richard. Richard is still here? And he's nervous, so be nice to him. 'Right, be nice.' Morning, guys! Good morning. How are you, Richard? Sound. I have noticed how these plastic containers start creeping back out. Look at all them along there! They're back! > The new dishes that you've evolved and put on the menu what are they? We're doing a... taleggio pomegranate risotto, which... That sounds intriguing. You've got crunchy pomegranate seeds in risotto. Yeah. It sounds fucking revolting. Oh, fuck me. Welcome back. This is a new dish that we put on. That's puff pastry. > Yeah, we've got red onion over there and we put goat's cheese on top. 'Nice to see Craig's cooking more.' We sold about seven when we put it on. Iain, what have you been doing new? We've got a toffee fruit crumble. Toffee fruit crumble? Yeah. Crumble, with creme fraiche. That sounds really nice. It's winter absolutely beautiful. 'Iain has real talent. I'd give him a job in one of my kitchens... and his girlfriend.' And where's my sweetheart Claire? She had problems selling the shop, couldn't get out of it. She comes in at weekends, keeps her hand in. 'It's a shame. She's a big loss.' 'And my fellow Scot, Randal, he's gone too. Sad.' This is risotto with taleggio cheese... flat-leaf parsley.. and pomegranate. It'd be nice to win him over. 'Neil's hung in, but it can't have been easy. It went close to the wire' How close were you to closing the door? Very close. The worst thing was not being able to pay the guys. I didn't think I could pay them, and they've put the effort in and they've always been behind you, and, like, suddenly you can't pay them. It's been a constant struggle. < Now I can say I'm gonna start reaping the rewards, and I'm much more positive about it. January, it's been fantastic. Weekends have been busy. There is a difference in the food. It just looks... slick, it tastes... you know, tasty. Well, thank you. You're still a bugger. I'm still not convinced about my pomegranate risotto. That beats my fucking head in. It's been a pleasure today and it's been of interest. Keep it up, yes? 'There's lots to celebrate  turnover's up 20% and rising, the restaurant's building a good reputation.' 'You never know, Neil's nervous breakdown might never happen.' When you come back, book under someone else's name. So every bloody name that books, we're going "He sounded funny. It's Gordon!" God, I really hope they succeed and I hope they do well, but any chef that creates risotto with pomegranate needs a kick up the arse again. Pomegranates in fucking risotto! They must be off their fucking rocker! (SIGHS) Intelfax Subtitles ANDY BURROWS 'Coming up next week.' Shut it! Back in your corner, and listen to what's going on. Did you hear what I said? Do it! Golden, gold dust. If you ever get your own rstaurant, don't have more than five seats. Gary's an arrogant little fucker, but at least he can speak  Stefano can't even run a bath. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 