Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s1e4 - Moore Place - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 1, Episode 4 - Moore Place - full transcript 
 Nick and Richard are self-confessed restaurant virgins. They've both had successful careers in the brewery business so when they bought Moore Place last summer they thought their dream had ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This programme contains
very strong language. 'This week, I'm trying to save
Moore Place Restaurant. 'The dining room's empty... Where is everybody?
'..and the food is shocking.' That's a Yorkshire pudding.
That is a pile of shit. 'I'll have to deal with possibly
the worst waiter in the world...' Oh, Zack, I'm fucked. '..a crazy Frenchman...' You're being a little fucker again. '..and a chef obsessed
with deep-fat fryers.' If Mark bangs on again about
the justification 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to why I should accept that he cooks
99% of his food in a fucking deep-fat fryer, I'll put one up his arse sideways. I'm bursting for a pee. Esher, in the Home Counties. Full of stockbrokers,
ladies who lunch and golfers. 35,000 rounds of golf are played
every year on Esher's Moore Place course - that should be more than enough to
keep the attached restaurant full, but none of the golfers ever go. Nor does anyone else. I've never seen such a sorry-looking
dining room. I have just a week to turn the place
around, and that's a tall order. Jesus Christ Almighty,
a monstrosity. Erm... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 First impressions, yeah, erm... I'd turn it into an open prison
for young offenders, cos it looks fucking ghastly!
My God! I think this could be
my toughest job yet. I've come to try out the food. More purple. Everywhere. But the place is deserted. Looks like I'm dining alone -
not a good sign. God knows
what they're going to serve me. The Camembert. Deep-fried camembert?
Have I gone back in time? Dear Lord,
for what I'm about to receive, may I not be poisoned for the fourth
time in four months. Amen. CRUNCHING Jesus. It reminds me
of rancid fish fingers. That's disgusting. Thank God
I've got some wine to wash it down. Oh, dear, oh, dear. It absolutely stinks. It's corked. DISTANT CHATTER Where is everybody? Still, at least I can be sure
no-one's watching me. Mmm. Next up duck a l'orange.
I HAVE gone back in time. It's the culinary equivalent
of flared trousers. Is the meal all right, then? Mm... This duck tastes like it grew up
in the 1970s. It's not exactly fucking tender. Is it popular, the dish?
Duck a l'orange? Not really. No. Have a little taste.
SHE LAUGHS It's quite tough, no? That's really difficult to eat,
yeah. I know. Want to spit it out? No! Are you gonna swallow? MOUTH FULL: Not at the moment, no. Want some water? It's still in there. Mm-hm. You're still chewing. THROUGH FOOD: Oh, my God.
Don't swallow it. SHE LAUGHS Fuckin' hell. Horrible food.
No wonder this place is in trouble. Clueless. Completely clueless. But on the verge
of being embarrassing. Hm. So what do you think about your
meal? En anglais ou en francais? En anglais. VOICEOVER: I'm lost for words.
Almost. Merde. Well, at least I wasn't poisoned, so I've come back to meet the owners
of this 1970s nightmare. Richard. How are you? Try to be nice. Huge place. Richard Hodgson and Nick hurst have sunk all their money into this
place and it's been a disaster. It's like an old country house
hotel, isn't it? Historically,
it was someone's house. This empty room will be costing them
nearly £100 an hour for staff and overheads. Your potential is fantastic,
it's got character. It has. It was a successful Berni Inn
back when steaks were posh. They used to do 200, 250 covers
a day here, valet parking. It's probably the last time
it took real money. Probably the only restaurant
on the high street. Absolutely. Aren't they ashamed to be still
serving the same food from the Berni Inn days? And who's got the food background?
Neither of us two. None of you? Our background's drink. I spent 15 years
in the licence trade. Richard sacrificed everything
to buy this place. If I can't help him,
his family could be homeless. I should have done this in my 20s, when I didn't have children
and didn't have a huge mortgage and everything else. We both sat there and thought
"Shall we do it? Shan't we do it?" And there were a few dark nights
when we thought "Maybe it's a bit risky and there's
a lot of risk involved for us both." Nick's put everything he's got
into the business as well. Running a restaurant is completely
different from selling drinks. No wonder the kitchen is such a
nightmare. I hope the best. Herve was the French head chef
when they took over. But no-one liked his cooking -
including me. We gave people some shocking
experiences, I think it's safe to say. Well, we taught them what the
extremes were like. People can be quite emotional
about food - "You've ruined my life."
That type of thing. I know how they feel. Engine room - kitchen.
Good afternoon. Let's meet
the rest of the kitchen team. And...? Mark Robinson. Mark Robinson calls himself
executive chef - whatever that means. So you were a head chef somewhere
else before you came here? I trained as a chef, and then, er,
became very disillusioned and went off and got
an IT and business degree. Gave up cooking for a
business degree? Doesn't sound very passionate
about food to me. He was brought in to sort things
out, but all he's done is spend thousands
of pounds on microwaves and fryers and piss Herve off. Come on, stroppy Frenchman. Herve. Enchante. Enchante. Good. And he said
he doesn't like you. There are two people in the
dining room. Let's see if their lunch is as bad
as my dinner. Almost everything
seems to be deep-fried And the oil smells like it hasn't
been changed for months. When you walk through the
restaurant, the first thing you smell is a
tainted... Fried smell. Fried smell. Almost a little bit like
hospital food. Yes. SIZZLING Chef, why's there no anchovy fillets
in the salade nicoise? It's like kind of a salade nicoise,
but is... They are old. How many new potatoes around?
Er... only one. One new potato? Yeah. Fuckin' hell.
For £9.50? Any olives? Er... No. Nothing's ready here!
No beans cooked, no eggs cooked... What's going on?! Are we just in the shit cos we've
got two customers for lunch? This kitchen is a nightmare. Mark was brought in
to update the food, but I can't see what he's done. How can he get away
with a menu like this? And how would you describe
the style, the food? Erm... It's, erm... The... The... The a la carte stuff
that we do is very, erm... Is very much "Here's a steak and
three sauces you can have with it." It's not a massive detraction
from what they were serving before. And three sauces are what? Er... Brandy and mushroom, Stilton
and bacon, and, er... peppercorn. Jesus. Those three sauces sound
a little bit Berni Inn-ish. Well, they are. I mean, this is
the thing. It's a bit 1976. You can say that again. A little nuked sauce... Straight out of the microwave?
It's an insult to cooking. Ooh. In a bag? Damn. No wonder we
need so many fucking microwaves. Herve? What? Thank fuck
I'm not hungry. Parsley? Hey, come on, it wouldn't
be the same without parsley. Come on, get it on there. There you go. Good old Berni.
I know you love your parsley. So far, they need a
fucking rock up their arse because if they continue the way
they are doing now, it's going to go down
like a sack of shit. And quite frankly, I don't think
they actually care about customers. And every dining room needs
to care about customers. Otherwise they don't come
fucking back. It's my second day in Esher, where I'm trying to help the Moore
Place Restaurant and Golf Club. The food's stuck in the '70s. HE SNIFFS
Ah, Bisto. As usual, there are no customers. Today, how many's booked for lunch?
None. Nothing. And tonight? None. So... But we did have someone did
come in to look at the restaurant. It's either here or TGIs.
Fucking hell. I'd rather go to TGIs. Mark Robinson, the executive chef,
should be tearing his hair out but he's taking the day off. You look different out of your
whites. You look like a monk on leave.
HE LAUGHS Thanks. I'm going to play golf
later. Fancy a round? Going to play golf(!) We're supposed to be running
an empty restaurant, to get it off the ground,
to get it moving towards something semi-decent, not fucking around on a golf course. At least he knows
there's something wrong because he's hired a new head chef. Now there are three -
talk about too many cooks. One's a joke Frenchman,
the other's stuck in the '70s. I hope Andy Trowell's from
the 21st century. You've really got your work cut out
in there. I know. And you can't go in with
all guns blazing and boot them all in the goolies
within the first 24 hours. You'll have no-one left.
I know, I know. How would you play this situation? Narrow the menu down to begin with.
Start off really simple. And look what's going on locally. Andy looks promising but I have
to show him what he's up against. What is that, Andy? Huh? Looks like something out of
the 19... What is that? Jesus Christ! Painful. Looks like
a dehydrated silicone implant. Actually, it's a microwaved
frozen deep-fried burger. What is that? Caesar salad?
Looks like a plate of worms. God, it breaks my heart
when I see this shit, you know that? Herve, do you think that's nice?
Yeah, it's not bad. Not bad? Andy's worked at some
really good places. He's gonna need all his experience. I notice instantly some Bolognese
sauce in a jar. They don't use that though, do they?
I wouldn't like to say. We'll ask our executive chef Mark. He's as shocked as I am
by this ready-made packet food. Lazy cooking and it's more expensive
than making it fresh. Andy, smell that. That's what the
smell is downstairs in the dining room. I mean, on a Sunday I bet you can
smell it all over the building. Jesus Christ, right down
into your heart strings. No wonder
there's no fucking customers. Herve... Yes? You're being a little
fucker again. How can we have a Frenchman here
and we're buying French dressing? Little fucker. I'm impressed so far with Andy.
He seems keen to make changes. And this? Yeah, this what
I want to get away from. This is... And they put it on the menu
as Brussel pate. Brussels with chicken.
It's just plastic crap. Yeah. Now, they're definitely left
from the Berni Inn. Fucking hell! Frozen Yorkshire puddings.
Ooh, lovely(!) Andy could be the chef I've been
looking for and that means I can get out of the
kitchen and work with the owners. It looks like a
deceased bridge club. Why spend £10,000 painting the
building a horrible colour and nothing on improving the food? The reason for doing it was to show
people that place had changed hands, that it was very different. At night, we light it up with purple
lighting. It looks fantastic. But it has probably alienated
some of our old core business. The most important thing is
to focus on the food and get the food up to
where it should be, what we should be offering locals, how we should be selling the food and bringing in a bit of a bargain. I'm taking Richard
down the high street to find out where his
ex-customers are eating. Can't believe how close together all
the restaurants are on one street. Esher's made up of wealthy
City types, ladies that lunch and, surprisingly, thousands of
Americans who work for a big conglomerate
in the area. Red Peppers. Totally packed in
there. A lady there actually
drinking champagne. Spend per head, lunch? £15-20,
but it's churning all the time. There's a good example.
Yeah, very good. Richard's a businessman
and I want him to see how much money these
places are taking. There are 23 restaurants on the high
street, so competition is fierce. but I bet most people
don't even know there's a restaurant at Moore Place. Quick challenge - I'm going to ask
this family, I'm going to stop them and say "Have you heard
of Moore Place?" Do you know what it is?
Do you know where it is? Come and try us for lunch.
Have you heard of Moore Place? No. Have you heard of Moore Place?
Unfortunately not. You haven't? Have you heard of Moore Place? Yeah,
up the road. Up the road there. Have you been? Have you used it?
No, I don't like the colour of it. It strikes me as being an eyesore. Another purple building there.
It's a funeral directors! You didn't copy that, did you? No! What, Moore Place? Yes, before they
painted it a strange colour. You're not a fan of the colour? No. If we paint it differently tomorrow,
would you come back next week? Yes. There we go. I'll get two brushes, you can
have one of them and I'll have the other. So, in a survey on the colour...
Uh-uh! I think this trip's opened his eyes to the potential of
his own restaurant. And it's given me an idea
for the new menu. The plan is to give the restaurant
a new direction and get people talking
about Moore Place. The deep-fried shit has to go and the parsley round the plates and
the chopped tomato... That... That's fucking '70s crap at
its best. Gordon, I have no desire
to spend the rest of my working days smelling of fat. There's... You know, thousands of
Americans that live locally that is the most amazing market
to tap into. There's no reason why you can't
have, not American-themed restaurant but an American influence. But get the place famous
for two or three dishes. Sure. When someone's driving past - "Oh,
Christ, look there's Moore Place. "They've got the best burger
in Esher." Yeah. Who gives a shit? It's a talk point. Whether it's the best burger or
the best chowder, it doesn't matter. But, as usual, Mark has a problem. My concern is how that would go down with, erm...any of the older
clientele that we've got that come in. OK. Is that keeping
the business afloat? No. No, there you go. No disrespect.
I've gone into restaurants before where everyone's been nervous about the existing old farty boring
bastards that sit there and take a two-week holiday between
courses and dribble throughout. The Viagra coming with the coffee.
No, no! We're looking for new, vibrant,
young, exciting customers, that are going to be loyal to this
place for the next ten years. Can we fuck off in the kitchen now?
Absolutely. Fucking hell. Stay focused, one direction, American-style cafe,
upbeat, friendly service, bloody good food, and stick to it. And if Mark bangs on again
about the justification to why I should accept that he cooks 99% of
his food in a fucking deep-fat fryer and to why they've spent, what?
£12,500 on six fucking microwaves, I'll put one up his arse sideways. Why don't we do a couple of burgers
up for Richard and Nick? My organic burger, made with totally
fresh ingredients, is miles away from Mark's
deep-fried crap. Nothing wrong with a burger
when it's done like this. Lovely. Oh! Herve, welcome to proper cooking. And it's cheaper to make
than bought-in silicone implants. Tomato chutney. A nice raw cherry
tomato chutney with shallots. Put a little bit of Parmesan on,
toast them. The celebration burger. Lovely. So far, Nick and Richard
have shown little interest in the food they're serving. What's the verdict? That...is fantastic.
That... That is. That's awesome. Brilliant. And that's the talking
point, that is. I ate at Moore Place and the burgers
are awesome. You've got to go there and have one. Fresh, meaty, isn't it? Just... Because burgers are
traditionally so badly done, what an opportunity to really excel. I can almost see them counting
the money they could make with my American theme. Burgers and corned beef hash, pecan pie, peach Melba
and smoked haddock chowder. The most important thing
about this particular soup is it's done up in the morning.
Clam chowder, made up. We're using potatoes and clam juice
to thicken it. We've gone a little step further
and poached some quails' eggs, then pour the chowder
over the haddock, over the clams. The quail eggs still
nice and runny inside. It's lovely. You take a spoon and think
"Cor, fucking hell. That's moreish." The food is really coming together. This is the corned-beef hash with
hollandaise, finished with mustard. Not difficult at all. Not at all. Exceptional. Really like that. Finally we're getting somewhere.
Now all we need is some customers. 35,000 golfers use this place
every bloody year, you know that? And there's a small
percentage of them actually get in to that bloody
restaurant through there. So the idea now is go round there,
stalk them a little bit on the green and ask them to taste this
amazing food. I'm taking Kim, one of the
waitresses, and Andy to entice them
in with the food. Morning, sir. How you doing?
Would you like a quick burger? Sir, there we are. Thank you very
much. What's this in aid of? This is in aid of Andy.
I'm the new chef in the restaurant in Moore Place. I haven't been in that place
for three years, four years now. I used to come down on a Sunday. And we booked a breakfast
and we had a tee booked and it just took so long to get
breakfast out... That's interesting. Well, we had to tee off and had to
leave breakfast and I ain't been in there since. Nick and Richard can't keep an empty
restaurant going forever. We have to fill the dining room
and make customers come back. This is a beautiful mini hamburger with a nice, fresh tomato
chutney on top. Charcoal grilled. Would you be
so kind as to have a quick taste and just give us a little insight?
Yeah, pleasure. What do you think? This is gorgeous. Your wife's gonna go mad now, look. You've spilt it all
down your jumper. I wonder how many of these golfers
are ex-customers? Just trying to get people into the
restaurant, try my good food. Is there a theme to your menu?
Chowder, great burgers, corned-beef hash, beautiful roasts.
Knickerbocker Glories... Would you come to the restaurant?
Oh, we certainly would. Cheers. Thank you very much.
Really nice. There are three days of the year when all restaurants,
however bad, are full - New Year's Eve, Valentine's Night
and Mother's Day.' What are you doing on Mother's Day?
That's a good point... It's Mother's Day this Sunday and it could be make or break
for Moore Place. Well, maybe book a table for
Mother's Day. That's this weekend. Sunday. Pecan pie? It's slightly heavy
on the rum, which makes it a little bit special. This is nice.
Possibly try us out one day? We will try you out. Thank you!
Definitely. Three down, 34,997 to go. Hopefully we've enticed
some disgruntled customers back and made some new converts. My next task -
to sort out the waiters. It's Friday night and time is
running out for practising on customers -
all nine of them. It's Andy's night off
and so Mark's running the kitchen. Yeah, I just want them squared up
straight. You know... Peter, it's not square.
Just square them up! So why is he in the dining room? I just want them straight. Tonight I want to see if
the waiters can push the new menu. ..on a bed of spinach
topped with a fried egg. That sounds great, actually.
It is nice. I tried it yesterday. I've changed my mind already! Well done, Kim! One corn-beef hash. Less butter on the spinach next
time. OK, quick. Smoked haddock chowder, which is
a soup. It's with... with... Come on, Peter! It's got haddock fish, it's got...
It's got... What was the thing it was?
Partridge? Quail. No! The customers
know more than him. Can I have the Camembert?
Two of those, please. Oh, God. They've ordered
the Camembert. Chest up, hey? Zack looks so shy. I'm not sure he
can walk and talk at the same time, never mind sell the new menu. There you go, that's it! How was your starter?
(It's semi-cooked.) Now things are going wrong in
the kitchen as well. Mark can't even
make the deep-fried Camembert. It's frozen. And I thought it was his speciality! Two more. Are they better? It's melting
but they're full of fat now. If it's under-ripe cheese, it's
gonna be a lot harder to get runny. Even if you cook it from frozen, it's never going to go runny
because it's not right. Now the chef's gone into
the dining room. That's pretty much one member
of staff for every two customers. And there are no vegetables on the
main course and they need my help to serve them. How are they ever gonna manage
with more than nine customers? Everything they've touched so
far this evening is fucking overcooked, undercooked, unripened deep-fried Camembert. And, erm... (No veg.) I'm really worried. This dining room
will be full on Sunday. There could be as many as 150
customers. We don't stand a chance. And if it continues to go like
it is now, there'll be more fucking Camembert
inside the pot plants. Shocking. I mean,
really fucking shocking. Dining room. Absolutely crucial. We can't do without you
and you can't do without us. And we've got to establish that
teamwork and we've got to come together as a
team and think together as a team. And then never forget the most
important person is the customer. So as a very straightforward
exercise, Nick and I are gonna arrive in
the dining room for the first time. We've got a table booked for
1.30 for lunch today. Ready? Sit me down, present the menu
and sell me this restaurant. Peter's been here for 15 years
so he should know what he's doing. Good afternoon, Mr Whitehurst.
Nice to see you! Mr Ramsay! Long time, no see!
I got a nice table for you! Well, you can't fault his
enthusiasm. Still or sparkling for both of you?
Sparkling for me. Sparkling. Erm, I'll have a beer, actually. Kim's been a waitress for
five years. She's charming,
but has no real training. A beer. Bitter? Bitter. OK. The lamb perhaps? The lamb?
Yeah, I'm not too partial... Zack's only been here a week.
He knows nothing, really nothing. Where's it from, the lamb?
I'm not too sure. OK. Ooh, soup of the day, what's that?
Not too sure either, sorry. May I have some water, please?
Still or sparkling? Yeah, still, please.
Still. Fresh or... Fresh or...? Oh, God! Fresh
or from the pond on the ninth green! They have less than 48 hours
to master the new menu and be able to sell it
to the customers. It's got bits of mussels in it. It's not actual fish, is it?
I'm not sure. Right... It's seafood.
Yeah, it's seafood soup. It's got some white fish there.
It's got cockles. Cockles. Cockles? This is gonna be harder
than the kitchen. I used to work as a waiter and I'm
sure I can show them how it's done. Smoked haddock chowder.
Beautiful, creamy, sweet. Garnished with flakes of
oak-smoked haddock, finished with a wonderful
poached quail egg. Nice beef chowder.
Beef chowder? Definitely not. We also have a special on today -
clam chowder. The chowder? The chowder is a very
nice platter. Platter? Platter, no. Nice short descriptive idea
of the special. Clam chowder, very strong-tasting. I'm turning fucking grey. I'll have
to read and go through the menu. I'll give you the menu. There you
go. Let me see what we've got. Last time. Sharp-tasting, got a special twist
to it as we put a quail's egg in it. A quail's egg in it. Much better.
Quail's egg in it. Really good. Even my pubes are going grey. Garnished with an oaks of haddock.
I'm sorry! Garnished with...
GIGGLING Can you cook? No. This whole thing is theatre and this restaurant has to become a
showcase and each and every customer who's gonna eat in here on Sunday,
gearing up for a bloody busy day has to remember you. Yes. And if they remember you and we
serve good food, boy, are they gonna come back. And one last chance for Zack. Here we go. I'm ready. This one I can feel in my bones.
I can see how relaxed you are. You're looking good, you're
cool. Bam! Give it to me. The smoked haddock chowder
is a very nice dish. It has a nice creamy fishy,
garnished with flakes and a nice... smoked haddock in the middle. It's been selling like hot cakes. It would be funny
if it wasn't for Mother's Day. Oh, shit. We've only had, like,
two days to prepare though. Oh, fucking hell! You've got two
days to prepare one fucking speech. I've got 24 hours to get
a fucking restaurant ready. Zack! Zack! I'm more than halfway through
my time at Moore Place. The food's better, the waiters
have improved, but without any customers
it's all a bit pointless. There are three days of the year when every restaurant
should be full, even purple ones - New Year's Eve,
Valentine's Day and Mother's Day. And Sunday is Mother's Day. Richard and Nick been taking
bookings, trying to claw back some money. Table plan. The good news is what?
We've got 11 booked. No, we've got quite a bit
more than that booked. Hit me with it. 181.
Shit! Confirmed? I should be pleased,
but I'm terrified. I thought we'd struggle
with 150, but 181? It's making me feel worried
slightly. Bit ambitious?
A bit ambitious, yeah. But, you know, what we're trying to
do and turn this place around is take it up a division
and get customers in here. But what worries me is that they're
still not turned on. I think they've bitten off more
than they can chew with the amount of covers
they want to do. I'm as worried as Andy,
but I have an idea - roast chicken, just like your mother used to make,
but with a twist - carved at the table to take
pressure off the kitchen. You've cut a chicken before?
Ha, nope. You've cut a chicken before? No. You've cut a chicken before? Many,
many years ago. Many, many years ago! Rich? At home, of course. Everyone's going to learn,
including the owners. JC, you thought you were coming
down here for a round of golf. No, you're not.
I want you to do a chicken. Parfait. I've brought in JC,
one of my best maitre d's. He knows everything there is
to know about service and about carving a chicken. That's one of
the classic cuttings we do. First, cut off the legs. Then separate the drumstick
from the thigh. Next, cut along the breastbone. Keep the knife close to the carcass
and take off the breast. I will leave the skin myself here and the customer can do
what he want, yeah? So we do one breast, one leg. Turn the chicken over and remove
the succulent oyster underneath. That's a nice little piece of meat.
Voila. What are you doing on Sunday?
Yeah, exactly! LAUGHTER
£4.50 an hour. No, no, we'll push the boat out
this time. £4.75. The man's got talents. Time for everyone to practise. First time for you?
First time for me. Chicken virgin. Fork up the arse. Fork up
the arse. Which is the arse? So, legs off first.
And then you go on to the breast. The chicken has to be carved
in three minutes or the rest of the food
will have gone cold. It doesn't look like a chicken wing.
Just looks like a bit of bone. You cut the leg beautifully.
Cut the drum off. You've got the thigh there.
Yeah, look, that's right! Brilliant. You're just having
problems with the breast. Yeah. Tomorrow, they'll carve
in front of customers. And it'll have to look
better than this. LAUGHTER So nice to see you in the shit. That doesn't look pretty.
Bit of cat food here. Looks like the fucking fox
has attacked it. The chickens are coming on and it'll
be so nice to have chickens carved
at the table, and getting the waiters to take
pressure off our fucking shoulders on Sunday, with gratin dauphinoise in the bowl
on the table, fresh peas, just come into season. Perfect. So that's the major selling point
for the dining room. Instead of being positive about
Mother's Day, Mark's worrying about old customers
who are expecting the 1970s menu he's already sent out. The people that have booked have
seen this. Yeah. As long as they know they're
going to get beef, lamb, chicken. They may have seen the menu, but
they haven't tasted it. Absolutely. So that's one fucking relief for me
straight away. I really want Mark to be right
behind the changes. Irrespective of how many
we've got booked, we're going to be in the shit
big time. Yeah. And if we can entice 25% of these
customers on Sunday to return, you know... We've got them.
You've got them. The simple truth is that Nick and
Richard have got greedy and overbooked. They have to learn to care for their
customers. Do you think you're both now capable
of running a restaurant? As you've said, and as we've not
made any bones about, we're not food experts,
we're not restaurant operators. Our background's drink, so
we've undoubtedly got lots to learn. I think we need to be in here. Certainly, in the short to medium
term, we need to keep building
our capability. If you are going to
go up a division and take it from strength to
strength, you have to get firmer. I have to do it every day. There's a part of me that thinks,
"Christ, you nasty bastard." And now that you guys are
physically hands-on, I mean, really hands-on, it would be
so good to keep control of it, hold tight to those fucking reins. If Richard and Nick serious about
getting stuck in, we could still get
through Mother's Day. I'm going to take them at their word
and give them some real work to do. I really wish I could repaint
the building for tomorrow, but at least I can do something
about the inside. The minute you walk in here,
the first thing you look at, you think... Little bit disoriented because you're confused where the
restaurant is. At the moment, the customers are
in danger of getting lost on the way into the dining room. Walk through, down to the right, and then when you come into here,
this is such a lovely area and what I was thinking was,
see all these plants? Let's get this over here.
Little bit of screen. Maybe one of those little Indian
screens. Sectioned off, and it just gives
a nice, smooth, clear flow-through. If you don't catch them, they often
feel... They often mill around here. Almost a barrier. Disorientated. Come through this door. You walk in, the first thing you see... Coat
rail. Horrible plastic coat rail. So the area outside the restaurant
is just as important as inside. Very warm. It's even more intriguing
now when you walk through... You think wow. Beautiful entrance.
Excellent. Where's the restaurant? Oh, it's just down here,
on to the right. There's that natural little snake
you can follow. Everything is ready
for Mother's Day. Just one last test to see if Richard can carve the chicken in less
than three minutes. Three minutes.
HE WHISTLES TIMER BEEPS
How are you feeling? Have you started? No, not yet. How am I feeling? Overwhelmed.
We've started. Look at that big smart arse. Have you been practising? Only at home, every hour
of every minute, every day. One minute to go. HE CHUCKLES He's done it. Richard's ready
to face his customers. Been here before?
Two minutes 20. Well done! Can I just say that we've got 50
roast chickens for tomorrow to sell. Let me think. That's 100 legs
that could go into someone's lap. LAUGHTER Morning, guys. The big day has arrived. And if
we're going to give the diners a Mother's Day to remember,
we'd better get cracking. Andy, how many chickens
are going in? Six chickens down that oven there, we've got a chicken in there and
then that whole tray of chickens. As well as roast chicken, Andy's cooking a ribeye of beef
with all the trimmings. And Herve? He's in charge
of the Yorkshire puddings. Herve! You cannot make
Yorkshire pudding like this. Fucking hell. Not exactly how
your mother made them! They're like bullets. Maybe have to
cook them longer as well. And hotter to start off with,
just to get them rising. Morning. You've got 15 chickens. It'd be nice if you could
do ten of them. What, me personally?
Yeah. Thanks for that. I'm going to start to think
about chicken. OK, here we go, Herve. Yorkshire puddings... Wheee! What do you reckon? Fifty-fifty. Fingers crossed. If my Yorkshire puddings rise,
the kitchen will be almost ready. Just one last pep talk
for the waiters. I just want you to stop
crashing around. Move around the dining room
like a ballerina. And see that wonderful floor
out there? Treat that like it's Swan Lake,
gliding in and out of the tables. If we get this right,
Moore Place will really take off. If not, we'll offend
half the mothers in Esher. Oh, we shouldn't be under this
pressure on fucking Mother's Day. Quick look? OK.
Just stay there two seconds. No, no... No, no, no! I don't
want you blowing on them, knocking them down. Look at everybody standing here
waiting for my... Fuck off out of here! Hoo! Oh, fucking hell! One more look, one more look, just
in case I was imagining things. Ready? Watch. Whoo-hoo-hoo! Like this. Like a bun. Burger bun! There we go. Little bastard. Right, come here, please. Dear,
oh, dear, oh, dear, oh, dear... OK, look, that's what I'm trying
to explain. That's a Yorkshire pudding,
that's a pile of shit, yes? Right, where's that French little
fucker? Come here. Herve! End of story. OK, 50 minutes to go, first table's
arriving at 12 o'clock. Andy, do you want to lead
from the kitchen? Thank you. OK, starters -
smoked haddock chowder. It's a creamy fish soup,
garnished with oak-smoked haddock. Main courses - roast chicken,
carved at the table. That's down to you guys. Push the chicken!
Traditional roast beef... With Yorkshire puddings. LAUGHTER Je t'aime. Ah, Herve... Christ, when you think
this time last week, we went from two to 180
for lunch today. So I'm going to be in the dining
room, right behind them, giving them a little bit of support. Because I think the kitchen's
pretty much set, we're there, but the dining room's
still a little bit apprehensive. Bookings have been staggered
over two sittings, so we'll be working
for six hours straight. This one for the peas... After Zack's performance with the
chowder, I've put him on bar duty. Kim, Nick, Richard and Peter
will be working the floor. Andy's in charge of the kitchen
with Herve as his right-hand man. You got three minutes, Herve.
How many's the chicken for? Four. And the executive chef? Well,
yeah, he's in charge of crockery. OK, you've got three chowder bowls
up there. Happy Mother's Day! Home-made burger... It's a thick beef burger
with a chargrilled bun... And it tastes brilliant. It will do Nick the world of good
to meet some customers. The burgers are selling well but at
the moment, not enough chicken. If just two or three of you
want the chicken, we'll bring it out
to your table and carve it. How come you're not selling
any chicken? It's not for want of trying. We want to go for a break. If they actually sell one chicken, the rest of the dining room will
start to see a little bit of magic so they'll all start ordering,
then, within an hour we'll run out, which is exactly what we need. Now there's a nice buzz
coming out of the room. They sound really...happy. Here he comes. Give it to me. Four chicken. Chicken for four.
Well done! Well done, big boy. Four roast chicken. After all my doubts, it's Peter
who sold the first chicken. Sure enough,
soon everyone wants one. It's a mutant chicken! My goodness me! What's the idea of doing it at the
table? To get the juices flowing? Quite a lot of chicken. How did you feel about having the
chicken carved at the table? Different? Made me feel a bit more
hungry. Makes you more hungry? Can't find the knuckle. Think of the drumstick. What's that bit?
I've never seen that bit before. It's nice, though, innit? D'you want a bit of each? Relax - it's only a chicken! Everybody's rising to the occasion and the first sitting's
going really well. Take two. There you are. Thank you very much. It's great to see the dining room
full and feel the buzz. Ooh! Thank you so much. Lovely. But on the second sitting,
the overbooking's causing a problem. There are just too many people. There's a table of 19
and a table of 15 and of 14 pretty much coming at the same time. And it's not very good when
you've got 48 people all at once, because they've shafted the kitchen. Nick and Richard have to learn a
cardinal rule - put the customers first, make them
feel really special and build a sense of loyalty. I don't expect to come for a family
meal and have to wait this long. It's not a question of fast food - we've been here an hour and a half
and haven't have a starter. Not a lot of explanation other than
"We've been really busy." We've kept cheerful, haven't we?
Except for Colin. Still, here we are. We learn and
we don't come back again. Have you ever had a chicken carved
at your table? No. Well, I've not done this many times
either... Kim's trying her best, but charming
the customers just won't work. They want to eat! At least you know it's fresh though. Another bottle of wine? Another
bottle of wine, please. Remember, unhappy customers
destroy reputations. How the fuck can you cook for nearly
50 people at one time? Yeah? The food was very good. The rest of
it, the structure, the organisation, I'm sorry, mate, it doesn't happen. The poor waiting staff! I mean,
the girl's done her best but she's the only one on her own. The guys in the black shirts,
that we think were the managers, they were sitting down talking
to their mates in the conservatory and they only left two people
serving everybody else in here. I'd like to say goodbye, but I'm
still waiting to pay the bill. Let's hope Richard and Nick learn
their lesson. The dining room's empty now, but it's has been full for the
first time in a long time and the vast majority of customers
went away happy. One chicken left. OK, Herve? Bravo. Well done. Thank you. Yes? Happy? Yeah. Yeah, it's good working with Andy. Yeah? Will you use my recipe
for Yorkshire puddings? They're not bloody French! I know...
I don't do Yorkshire pudding. Don't let him wind you up at the
last minute when everyone's knackered.
We've got to the end of the day! We've got to have some fisticuffs
before he goes. Everyone performed in the kitchen,
even Mark. It's an easy target
at the end of the day. Mark's not an easy target.
Yeah, I am, you said earlier. Lot of material to work with. No, I just love it when you put
"executive chef" before your name. Hey! Hey... Aw! Goodnight. And the waiters did a great job. I'm really impressed with the way
everyone pulled together. That was fantastic. You were running
around crazy, like proud cock. Wow, this is full! This is heaving,
this is buzzing. Hey, I'm running it,
and happy as Larry. Since we've started, we've never had
a day like we've had today. D'you know what?
At quarter to 12, lunchtime, I didn't think you
were going to do it. I didn't think any of you were good
enough to do it. One complaint was that the food
was taking too long and the rest of the complaints
were just customers arriving again still not happy
with that bloody colour. Huh? That purple monstrosity. Let's hope we've put Moore Place
back on the map. 'Moore Place
was a restaurant in crisis.' Where is everybody?
'It felt more like a rest home.' How many's booked for lunch? None. 'The food was deep-fried,
microwaved or out of a packet.' Fucking '70s crap at its best. 'Too many cooks and not one of them any good.' Herve? Thank fuck I'm not hungry. 'And I met possibly the worst waiter
in the world.' Oh, Zack, I'm fucked. I mean, really fucking shocking. 'But by the end of the week,
things were improving.' 'Now I'm back to see what's
changed.' Oh, shit. They're still purple!
Damn-damn-damn! 'My other biggest problem
was with the executive chef.' 'I couldn't see the point.'
You put weight on? I've lost about a stone, actually. No chef's jacket.
That's even better news. Not till tomorrow.
'At least he's out of the kitchen.' Missing you already. Yeah, right(!) 'It's the first day
of Andy's new menu.' Morning, guys! Herve, how are you?
(MUTTERS) Happy as ever(?)
Miserable fucker. You well? Andy, how are you? Good, thanks. How many dishes tonight?
Chicken Maryland... The baked cod... I've taken some of your ideas
and added some of mine as well. Good. The haddock chowder, the
Waldorf salad we did on Mother's Day. The burger, how's that going?
Very well. Ooh - here he is. You got mashed potato
and chips only. That's it. That's it. Don't bring in your saute potatoes,
that is all the veg there is. 'In 15 years here,
Peter's never seen so many changes.' Still good to see you being
the ultimate pain in the arse. These look nice. Nice apple tarts.
Mind if I taste one? Help yourself.
How much do they cost to make? £1? Yeah, if that.
Peter - apple tart. Crispy. 'I hope he can taste the difference
in the fresh food.' Mmm! Delicious! Isn't that better than that
frozen shit you used to serve? Absolutely. Lovely. This place even smells different. Do you think so?
Yeah, it just smells...fresh. The front's still purple.
Well, Rome wasn't built in a day. That's true. Are the staff causing any problems? Herve... He's... He seems to be
working out all right. He's a bit negative, but once you get him on your way of
thinking, he can see the
improvements Have you bollocked Mark yet? Yeah, today. Oh, good! How's Zack doing? Haddock chowder...
Look at him. Sell it to me! It's a creamy fish soup...
garnished with flakes of oaked
haddock and a nice quail egg. 'My God! He can do it. Let's hope
the menu doesn't change too soon.' Thanks, Zack!
OK. New menu...and new start. 'Andy's exactly
what this place needs.' Moore Place burger, we have
seared salmon on a champ mash... 'He cooked for 181 guests on
Mother's Day. Everyone was happy -
apart from a table of 19.' 'I hope Richard and Nick
have learnt from that.' It's all twos, threes, fours, sixes,
no 19s. It's all good, easy stuff. How many have booked? 27. 'Whether it's 20 customers or 200,
service has got to match the food.' One last thing -
it really breaks my heart
when I've put sauce on the plate and the waiters
throw all the plates up their arms. If the sauce is nice and thick,
but sometimes it... It is not a Bernie Inn.
Like gravy, soon as you move... No thick sauces. No parsley!
There are no tomatoes. Thicken 'em up with cornflour.
This is not a fuckin' Bernie Inn! Two chicken Marylands,
one French fries, one veg. Thank you. We got a new head chef about four
weeks ago. Hopefully he'll stay. 'It's good to see Nick
engaging with customers.' What do you recommend for dinner? I quite like the lamb. I like the sound of the salmon
as well. The special. Yeah. Have we sold any yet? Yeah, we've sold, er...three. There we are.
Our new menu is starting tonight. 'The waiters look happy
and excited about the new food.' Service! Nice buzz tonight. Yeah? Really nice. Presentation looks
nice. It's unfussy... I've never been
a big fan of fried leeks,
but that's a garnish. Are you happy with the...
not American restaurant, but the theme to the food? Happy, yes. I'd love to see
far more bums on seats. The biggest thing for me
is we've got someone in the kitchen
who cares as much as we do. The staff said Sunday was
the first time they'd taken food out
that they knew wasn't coming back. They say the starters
were a knockout. Thanks, Kim.
'They've got a real asset in Andy.' We never, ever pretended to be
restaurateurs. We're not. You guys have the potential
to go all the way, if you remove yourself
from the "best mates" scenario
with staff, and tighten the screws. You guys are smart, Kim's smart - then Friar Tuck walks in wearing
a fucking scruffy T-shirt and jeans. Look at him now at that table. Send him upstairs and say, "Fuck off
out of here, go get a shirt on - "cos you do look like a sack of
shit." I'm totally in agreement with you. This is about discipline. It's very hard to implement it
when you're so close. 'The restaurant's not full
every night, but turnover's up 20%.' Superb. Thank you very much. 100 guests a day, six days a week,
turning 18, 20 grand a week alone, I swear to God, you guys have got
a fucking gold mine on your hands. Can I show you one more thing?
I know, don't... No, I want to show you
how to play fucking golf. Oh, just the one more thing(!) Would you like me to clingfilm the
pond, so we don't hear the splash? 'It's great to see the restaurant
making money at last.' 'If they can attract
as many diners as golfers,
Moore Place can be a big success.' I didn't know they'd be so bright. Do they float? (CHUCKLES) We'll see. Ooh, I've got well left! Fuckin' hell!
And that was a fucking shit shot. I've played a lot worse. It's like me inviting you to my
restaurant and fucking your
omelette. (LAUGHS) That's what it's like.
Pringle pants, socks, jumper... All the gear, no idea. And no fucking bollocks.
LAUGHTER Right... Ooh, look at that! Beautiful. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 