Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s1e3 - The Walnut Tree - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Walnut Tree - full transcript 
 The Walnut Tree Inn is in trouble ... there's no head chef, the customers have dwindled, and the owner has had to sell the family home to keep the business afloat. The Walnut Tree Inn in ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Contains strong language throughout. You take over. See if
we can pull ourselves together because in 15 minutes this is going
to be the biggest shithole in Wales. 'The head chef's quit
and the kitchen's a joke.' You're not a fucking cockroach,
even with that hairstyle. 'The owner is so broke
he's had to sell his house so he's asked me to help.' 'I've only got one week
to turn things around'. You, shut it. Back in your corner
and listen to what's going on! 'I'll show the owner
where he's going wrong... Welcome back.
Where the fuck have you been? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ..and do everything I can
to help him.' If he doesn't cut his prices,
he's on his own. Fuck it. 'Hundreds of restaurants open
in Britain every year but over two thirds close
within 12 months.' 'The Walnut Tree in Abergavenny
has been one of Britain's most famous
restaurants for 40 years.' 'It's the proud holder
of a Michelin star.' 'It owes its outstanding reputation
to this man, Franco Taruschio.' 'He was one of the first
celebrity chefs.' Fish terrine is ready, Bill, is it? 'People came from far and wide
to taste his food and he took over £30,000 a week.' 'Three years ago Francesco Mattioli,
another Italian,
bought the Walnut Tree.' 'He's managed some of London's
best restaurants, so he should know what he's doing.' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'I've come to find out how,
in just three years, he's managed to mess it all up.' How are you? All right? You're losing weight again. No, I'm not. What's the smallest numbers
you've done? Zero. For lunch? For dinner. It was Thursday night... < Michelin star. Michelin star, and it didn't happen. Shit. Yeah, that was bad. > 'Every kitchen just has to have
a head chef running it.' 'Since Francesco lost his, he's been
trying to do the job himself.' I'll take this. > Are you gonna serve it? Yes... < Jesus! Cook, serve,
cook, serve, cook, serve. 'It's a big mistake.' 'Francesco's not a trained chef
and shouldn't be in the kitchen.' 'He should be out in the dining room
charming his customers.' 'There are more staff in the bloody
kitchen than there are customers and not one of them
seems to be doing anything.' You're just cooking potatoes?
A huge section just cooking spuds? You're out of order. 'Francesco doesn't trust anyone
to do anything.' Bill on 11 and 12, right now. > Octopus. Another three, he said. Ciao. All the best. 'Talk about headless chicken.' 'No wonder he's lost weight -
and customers.' You're working like a donkey
and trying to run it overall. You're an amazing host,
you can charm the pants off anyone. The short period of time
I've been in here today, one thing you have to do
is get out of the kitchen. The Walnut Tree got a Michelin star
after Francesco had been here a year. It's given on the back of the
consistency, freshness of ingredients keeping it seasonal and
the individual flair of the chef. 'But Francesco's lost the chef
who won the award.' 'If standards have slipped,
the inspectors will remove
the Michelin star.' Because I saw lunch today
from the kitchen, I'm going to go in the dining room
and have a bite to eat. I'd like you not to present the menu but show me three dishes
which represent the Walnut Tree. 'With a Michelin star
you can charge top-notch prices but only if you provide
top-notch food.' I'm pretty confident he'll like it. 'Porcini and Parma ham lasagne
was always a favourite here.' Boring. Very boring. You've got to move on.
You've got to search and evolve, develop, create excitement
when you're charging these prices. 'Main course - fish stew.' 'But the mussels
haven't even been cleaned.' You serve mussels
in a self-contained stew. They've got to be cleaned because
at the bottom is a lot of grit... and sand. So it's just like eating
a bowl of clay seasoned with sand that is constantly grinding
between your teeth. £28 a main course. They're somewhat taking the mickey. Cos if someone served that in my
restaurant, I'd go fucking berserk. OK, er,... I asked you earlier for your best.
The best... The best of Wales. < The big build-up was for
the classic Italian fish stew and when it arrived, everything
in that dish was overcooked. And while you piss off
for a three-hour break
to style your hair and have a kip, clean the fucking mussels. So we've hit rock bottom. < Welcome to the real world. < Tomorrow we're gonna
pick ourselves back up and start off with a clean slate. 'It's my second day in Wales where I'm trying to help the owner
save the Walnut Tree.' 'It's got all sorts of problems
but still has a Michelin star.' 'You don't get that
without a top chef.' 'Francesco's lost his.
We need to find another one fast.' Head chef criteria. Young, enthusiastic... Ambitious. > Someone to keep you
out of the kitchen. Hello, Ross. G'day, Mr Ramsay. We've got a list of ingredients. We'd
like you to cook something simple. Thanks for the surprise, lads. Always a surprise with me. 'Salary?' 'Starting salary, we say 23.' Always interesting to ask a young
chef what salary he's looking for. It'll tell you quickly
what they're about. < What would you be happy with
as a starting salary? I'd be happy with 30. 30 as a starting salary? Fuck off out of here. D'you want me to write it,
or do you know how to write English? You write English better than me. But you pay for it. It's expensive. > But it's very hard
just to go in there and just cook. 15 minutes? Yeah? Be interesting to see if he uses
all the ingredients,
clams with the haddock or he does a nice tomato
and roquette salad. Something plain and simple.
Your mother could make that. It's just eating raw pasta. < Yeah. Boring. Something I'd expect
the missus to do. A little bit plain, boring,
certainly not worth 30 grand a year. No, but that's the ingredients
you were given. Don't blame your tools. No, no, no.
I'm willing to change it now. 'Next up is Santo Roso, second in command
at the Holiday Inn in Swindon.' Could be a bandito. Could be a big bandito. Let's shoot the bandito. What do you think? Mafia! Santo. Gordon. Take a seat. Erm... Very well experienced man? Yeah. Yeah, I like cookin'. I can see that. What do you know
about the Walnut Tree? Nothing. You don't know about the history,
the reputation, the Michelin star? No. So... what... If you don't know anything about it,
why did you come for the job? Because it's time for me to change. And what's the current menu
at the Swindon? We have some steak, gammon, chicken. And a lot of microwave. A lot of...? Microwave. Think of something magical. > Keep it simple... Oh, yeah. ..and enjoy it. I'm thinking "Wow!" What kind of flavour
I wanna come up with. And let's see. 'Very rare a jerk like that
can cook.' Very rare. It's a fantastic work. And just explain what they are,
please. Yes, this is, er...
I call it pasta fresca. Pasta fresca - fresh pasta. With vongole insalata. > < Thank you. With lemon juice. Just nice, clean.. < What's all... That is... Black pepper, yeah. I felt like sneezing,
all that pepper. Jesus Christ! It's just a pile of stodge. There's nothing in there, is there? It's sad. It's sad to see someone who's also
a countryman, a countryfellow... I found it miles away
from what we wanted. < Yeah. And, er, a little bit embarrassing,
really, cos it was below average. £23,000? I wouldn't even pay him
23,000 lira. > 'It's going to be hard
to find a head chef in Wales but I'm still banning Francesco
from the kitchen right now.' Where's Francesco?
Don't come anywhere near the kitchen. I know how stubborn you are. > Don't dare step over that line. Thank you. 'I'll get to know the team.
Blakey's the most junior.' 'He's just come off the building site
because it's too cold.' 'Spike is on work experience.' 'Kevin's a waiter and handyman.
He's been here since the old days.' Hello, Kevin. Hello, Gordon. How are you? Local boy, from Abergavenny? Yes. Do you like a laugh and a joke? No, I just love hard work.
Definitely. You could be evil, like we all hear. I could be evil! 'Gary's a local boy.
Very ambitious and keen to get on.' 'But Francesco says
he's not a team player.' So that's my secret. That'll stay down there.
Put a padlock on that. 'Stefano's
the most experienced chef.' 'Francesco won't let him
run the kitchen but I want to see
what he's made of.' 'It's lunch and Francesco's wife
has brought some friends in
for a bite to eat.' Kitchen's in your hands now. You gotta start talking,
propelling the brigade. Let's go. < Turn round and address the brigade. < That's it. One tortelli de zucca, one chicken
plus chips for four kids, one crab, one endive. To follow, one loin of pork,
two chicken and one rocket. I need some chips for these chickens Too quiet.
The only person I can hear is Gary,
and you're running the kitchen. Where the fuck's Blakey? < Blakey? What are you doing? 'No wonder Francesco's
back in the kitchen.' 'His family are still waiting
for their lunch.' < Everything's out there now. < Everyone's staring at their food
and two people haven't got it. Come on, Stef, let's go.
This is a fucking disaster. OK. Chicken, how long? < Stefano, how long? Chips... < This is for the boss's wife,
you know that? Touch it. It's stone cold. Get another one in. He owns the place
and I'm not gonna serve that. How long for the chicken, Gary? Chicken? < About four minutes. Bring it together, let's go. Nice and hot this time. Send it. 'The food is late and cold.' 'Stefano can't organise chips
for a four-year-old.' < OK, just stop, everybody.
Come here, you. Shut up! Shut up, I'm talking. That was a disaster.
Complete disaster. The food's hanging around,
nothing happening, and you're over there. It's not
good enough. Nothing's coming out. Stop now, you take over and see if
we can pull ourselves together and get ourselves out of this shit,
because this is going to be
the biggest shithole in Wales. You, shut it. Listen to what's
going on. Did you hear what I said? Right, let's go. Clear down first. OK, Gary, know where we are, yes? Erm... the brill... Decide what you want doing,
address the brigade,
tell them exactly what you want. One braised beef, one venison
sausage, one brill, one tuna away. Where, where, where, where... On the tray. Let's keep it together.
Work as a team. > A bit of teamwork now, yeah? If they can't hear you,
don't scream for that, OK? > We're not a one-man band. > Two covers, one pigeon, one oysters,
to follow, one rib-eye, one duck. Next to go, one scallops,
one salmon, one bresaola
and a San Daniele, please. Gary is a real arrogant little fucker
but at least he can speak,
unlike Stefano, that can't run a fucking bath,
let alone a fucking kitchen. Three chips, yeah? Three chips and one tomato salad. Good. Well done. Good. OK, well done. Eight main courses.
It's bloody difficult to get out. How did it go for you? Not very well. < Thank you for being honest.
I thought it went terrible. Really bad. You really do have
a problem talking to individuals. And today was a disaster. Yeah? < Sorry, it really was a disaster. If you get your own restaurant,
make sure you have no more
than five seats because you won't be able to manage.
You know that? We've got to work on this
and stop you being a cook and look at the important role
of becoming a chef. 'There are still problems
in the kitchen but I don't understand
why there are so few customers.' 'These days they serve
around 300 customers a week.' 'The previous owner, Franco,
used to serve 800.' 'I'd love to know what happened
to the missing 500.' Have you heard of the Walnut Tree? Yes. When was the last time you went? Franco's last meal. It was wonderful. Heard of the Walnut Tree? It's overpriced. How many times were you there? Very frequently when he was there. You could turn up at 11pm and
be assured of a very good welcome. Do you think he's missed now? I think so. They're not as good. Not since it's been taken over, no. 'Since Francesco took over,
nine restaurants have opened nearby.' 'If people find him too expensive, there are plenty
of cheaper alternatives.' So we've been there when Franco... They seem to be everyone's
favourites in Abergavenny,
Franco and Anne, > yet no-one's been since
Francesco took over three years ago.> I came to ask some locals about
the Walnut Tree and Abergavenny and I end up finding
Ainsley Harriott's book for £3.60. He'll be pissed off it's £3.60. Can't
believe it's so fucking expensive! 'Still, maybe there's a lesson
to be learnt from Ainsley's book; if your customers won't pay
top whack, cut your prices, otherwise they'll eat elsewhere.' Plat aux fruits de mer - "Jesus!
Is that a typing error? 70 quid?" It's so expensive,
which puts people off. Have we gone up in price
over the last three years? Probably the
plat aux fruits de mer was 55-60. 60, wasn't it? > And I push it to 65 and in
the last two months I put it to 70 because the price of the fish
is going up and up. 'As usual,
Francesco thinks he knows best but I won't give him a bollocking
in front of his team.' 'Anyway, I've got other fish to fry.' 'There's still no head chef.' 'So far Stefano and Gary
are the best candidates.' 'But Francesco
just won't consider them.' 'He's got to be realistic - he's
in the middle of Wales, not London.' If you don't find anyone
as good as Gary or Stefano, we're gonna look at what we've got
internally. (SIGHS) Well... No, I think we need somebody,
really, from outside. Internally, I can only be the one. 'Francesco just doesn't see it but Gary and Stefano have talent
and I'm going to show him.' 'I'll have to make him believe
I've cooked their food.' Really important tomorrow,
big night for you. Francesco doesn't think
you're capable of becoming a chef,
I think you are. Have you thought about your dishes Thinking of an oyster starter
with a herb gratin on the top. For a main course I was thinking of
meat, a fillet with some shallots. At the end of service we'll sit
them down and bang! You let rip. Fuck. You let rip, big time. Right, Stefano, let's go. The crap in the kitchen about the
delegation, the lack of direction, that's workable, but this
is your half hour of magic. Think about it
and make sure you utilise that time < and come up with something magical. We'll sit him down and we'll say
"Eat the following. This is me." "This is me on a plate."
Hard-on material.
How do you say erection in Italian? Erection? Erezione. Erezione. OK. Erezione. Domani. Grazie. Erezione. > Fuck me.
That's a posh word for an erection. > 'Gary and Stefano must also
do their normal kitchen duties.' 'Stefano starts working with the team
but Gary is only interested
in his own meal.' 'Even I think that's too ambitious.' Er, Gary, two seconds. You've had a bit more time
on your hands. He hasn't done anything,
so we swap over. Once the vegetables are cooked,
I want you in the kitchen. Concentrate on tonight's service
and the canapes, you take two hours? Two hours to get organised
for tonight. I really thought Gary had potential
to be a great head chef but he doesn't give a fuck
about his team, and selfish individuals
don't make great head chefs. 'Francesco and Enrica
think I'm the chef tonight.' 'If Gary and Stefano
haven't prepared,
it'll be my reputation that suffers.' What's in here? Bread crumbs,
Parmesan cheese, parsley. Tastes nice. Tastes quite nice. And Stef, what have you got? Ravioli... or tortellini,
filled with duck... Stop being nosy, Gary.
Concentrate on your own food. A little rivalry. It's not
a competition, don't be silly. OK, inside is what? It's duck and chestnut. 'Stefano's duck and chestnut ravioli
shows real imagination.' I like the, er, the sweet. You can
taste something sweet. That's nice. The chestnuts. > I like the way it's presented. 'And Francesco approves
of Gary's oysters.' 'Very nice.' Stefano, Gary, look. So far so good. Clean plates - for me, it's a sign of happiness. Yes? Clean plates. Good. 'For the main course,
Gary's cooked fillet steak and Stefano, sea bass.' Nice. Both of you. Well done. Happy? Happy? Yep. Whatever you do, don't drop those. 'Well done, guys.' I like the colours.
I'm sure I'll like the taste. OK, Stefano,
get ready with the pancakes. < You're happy now.
I've never seen you so happy. < Yeah? It's about bloody time. < Hi, guys. Stefano... OK? Yes. Supper? Supper. I really liked the ravioli
and I liked everything else. For me, I will say
most of the dishes were exciting. I was impressed in the ravioli,
which I found exciting, very nicely done. < And the beef? I would have liked
half a dauphinois underneath, potatoes
that would have balanced it up. Don't take this the wrong way,
but I didn't cook any dish. Oysters, beef, sorbet was his menu
24 hours ago. Duck ravioli, sea bass and pancakes
was Stefano's. Because they weren't being
interviewed during the week, I wanted them to cook
three dishes each for you both. Thank you very much indeed
for your comments. Thank you.
Thank you. Gary, two seconds. Stefano... That was interesting tonight.
All the dishes you'd both done he said could go on the menu. It went very well,
both of you came up trumps and if he wasn't going to consider
you for the job, then I was. 'It's day four.' 'I'm halfway though my time here.' 'Francesco has been
resisting my suggestions.' 'We still need to find a head chef and with a £70 main course
on the menu, I want to make him
lower his prices.' If it continues being
as quiet as it is... are you gonna look
to bring the prices down a touch to create something new about
the Walnut Tree to get people back? I don't wanna go down
on the cheap side because... Have you got any fucking choice? I'm not asking you
to become a Happy Eater. They spend 37 years getting
the business to where it is today, you're spending three years
and it's on the decline. You bring new traffic
through the door and tweak the prices to establish the confidence,
and once you've got the confidence, then yes, you turn the volume up
on the justification
of what you're doing. Not convinced. < You shouldn't be so stubborn. Try it! Just... Gordon... Jesus Christ! If you've got the food
and those customers are coming in, the asset... Is the wine. Who can sell that? Me. The chances are far greater
to do it that way than the way you're doing it
currently. In a way, yes. Fucking hallelujah! Welcome back. Welcome back! Where the fuck have you been? In Abergavenny. Fuck me. Please try it. I'll do it, mate. No problem. 'Thank God. Francesco's
finally agreed to one of my ideas.' 'More good news - at last,
a candidate for the head chef's job with a good pedigree.' You feel at 26, after two jobs
as sous chef, you're ready
for your first head chef's job? I'm getting to the point
where I've got my own ideas the way I wanna run things. OK, button mushrooms,
rocket, gorgonzola, green mustard, garlic, tagliatelle,
Parmesan cheese. See you in 15 minutes.
Thank you, Spencer. Bed of tomato salad,
a tagliatelle of mushroom, like a carbonara, with the linguine, and I'm thinking
like a light Roquefort
and rocket salad sat on top. If I've got time! Don't expect Ainsley to come in
and shout the time at me. CHOPPING 'Spencer has travelled
all the way from London.' 'He has worked
in a Michelin-starred restaurant.' 'FRANCESCO: He looks strong.' I like the idea of being 26, someone
young and vibrant who you can push. Definitely so.
If he's not hungry now, when? < He's never going to be it. Thank you. It's a rocket and tomato salad with mushroom carbonara
and poached haddock. Thank you. < It looks neat. Flavour's there. Tagliatelle looks nice, looks
beautifully cooked, not congealed. He's listened to the brief. He's kept it simple. What he has shown is
the guy can cook. The flavours are there. < Sit down, Spence. How do you feel running an
establishment with a Michelin star? It's a little bit daunting,
the first time... Does it scare you? Yeah, a little bit, but it's what
I've always aimed for, it's always what I wanted. I sort of feel confident
as well as scared. 'I hope Spencer accepts the job.' 'If he can start soon
there's a chance the restaurant
can save its Michelin star.' 'Almost everyone is looking happier.' You need the right person
to gel with those two guys. Gary's a ballsy Rottweiler
who wants this job and you
won't give him the opportunity. 'I hope we've found
a great head chef.' 'Now I want to change the atmosphere
in the dining room.' 'It's cold and formal.
We need the rustic charm
people loved in the old days.' 'Let's hope Francesco agrees.' My first reaction, I would say no. But I'm flexible. 'In the kitchen
I want to see more energy.' If Gary wants to say something,
you're up here, listening,
not on the floor. Cockroaches live on the floor.
You're not a cockroach,
even with that hairstyle. Shallots in first. Lightly seasoned. 'Everyone need to know
when the food's good enough
to leave the kitchen.' I saw you taste nothing at lunchtime. In and out of the microwave
like a fucking donkey,
but you weren't tasting anything. You'll have to learn how to taste
and understand what the balance
of flavour's about. We're gonna make a chef of you.
If it kills me. You know that? How the fuck how, I don't know. 'Kevin's been here years
so he can tell me if the atmosphere
is like it used to be.' This looks nice. It is, it's breaking it up,
it's not just dull and boring... It's been like it for years. Have you done any... Yes. 'People used to come for lunch
and stay for hours,
spending even more money.' 'We need to get back
that relaxed, family feeling.' Cosy, which is the most important
thing. That was missing. 'Kevin's done a great job
redecorating.' 'We need one last touch
to restore those old traditions,
if Francesco will agree.' The entrance needs a picture
of you and Franco. The old generation passing on
to the new generation. 'I think Francesco's
finally seen the light.' 'It's been a tough few days and
the team could do with a night off.' 'Kevin's ben trying to get us
down to his local since I arrived -
now I see why.' # Too sexy for my shirt
Too sexy for my shirt # I'm a model, you know what I mean 'I've heard of the Naked Chef
but this is the first time
I've seen a naked waiter.' # I'm too sexy for this song # CHEERING 'Day six and, despite hangovers,
it's straight back to business.' 'The Walnut Tree is 40 years old
this month and Francesco's throwing a party.' 'I think he should invite
Franco and Anne.' 'They're a vital part
of the restaurant's history.' There is one thing I want you
to do for me, which you won't like, but I really think is important. I want you to bring Franco back
and I want you to talk to him. I can see you don't want to do it. My expression says everything,
I think. The minute Franco walks in here
it'll silence the rumours and it'll cut the bullshit out
and start encouraging the locals
to come back. You're telling him you want to
maintain what he's built. I'm fighting for the restaurant's
reputation more than mine. Thank you. Franco and Ann were here for 37,
Francesco's been here for three, 37 plus three is...? 40. Massive celebration.
40 years of history. We're going to put it back on the
map. There's 80 or 90 guests coming. < Gonna have some nice,
exciting canapes. Stefano, can you quenelle? > Can you quenelle?
Give me an answer straight away. Yes. Not that nice, but I can. You're going to learn. Watch. In, twist round... Before it cools down. Before it cools down. Heat the mousse
with the back of your palm and then it slides off. Not bad, not bad, not bad.
For a first time, not bad. Too much on there. Again. 'Over the last few days I've realised
Stefano is really talented.' 'It's a shame he's so shy.' In... and out. That's good. Right, Gazza. In and out. Too slow. Missed it. And again. Come here. In and out again. So far Stefano has beaten you. > 'Gary thinks he's the dog's bollocks
but he's not nearly as good a cook.' Don't put yours next to mine. Any coming through? Stay there. I got this hat made specially. Now you can cook your heart out,
your hair's perfect, and all the girls in Abergavenny
still want to shag you. 'Tonight's party is make or break
for Francesco.' 'He's on the verge of going bust and
he must start filling the restaurant' Are you nervous? A bit. It's gonna be
a very emotional evening for me and the rest of the
customers that's gonna come here. For one especially,
Franco Taruschio and Ann. Work it. Work them. It's your place
and you're proud to show this off. 'Francesco's invited 80 of the great
and good of Abergavenny.' 'Everyone's just got
to love everything.' 'If they tell their friends
the food's as good as ever, Francesco could soon serve
800 people a week.' Run it through me. Ricotta.. That? Ricotta. Ricotta. Ricotta by Stefano. Get out there! MUSIC & CHAT Lots of help from lots of people. What's the feedback? They're all loving it. 'We've all been waiting for Franco
and Ann to arrive.' 'Hopefully this will prove
Francesco's carrying on the traditions they established
at the Walnut Tree.' (CONVERSATION IN ITALIAN) I would love to but as
I'm going out to dinner tonight... MUSIC & LAUGHTER CLANGING OF GLASS I'm very glad that you came here,
both of you, to celebrate this special event
for both of us. < For all of us. It's a pleasure. Shall we do it together? < Happy birthday. ALL: Happy birthday! I wish I was 40! To Franco. < Not this way! POP! 'It's been a terrific night.
I hope it marks the start
of the Walnut Tree's revival.' I want to say thank you very much,
everybody, because without you
it wouldn't have happened and I really appreciate
your hard work. Thank you. And Gordon, of course. 'On my final day,
another breakthrough.' 'Spencer's accepted
the head chef's job.' OK, Spencer,
thank you very much indeed. Bye. Bye for now. He sounded excited. Yes, very much so. I'm excited too. That's quite refreshing. It's a relief, yeah.
He was very happy. Excellent. Good. 'There's one more thing
for Francesco to sort out.' 'With Spencer arriving,
there can only be one second chef, Stefano or Gary.
One can stay but one must go.' 'Gary's so ambitious, I'm not sure
he'd give Spencer support.' How would you feel
with a new head chef? Well, like I said before,
I'm not upset about it but if Francesco
feels the need to do it,
I'll learn from whoever comes in. Then again, if they're no good or
are just as awkward to work with
as Stefano, I'm just going to push on, I can still get ahead of them,
prove him wrong. If the new chef came in... I'll give them
a run for their money. 'What Spencer needs in a number 2
is a chef who combines teamwork and cooking ability.' A new chef may be arriving. It is clearly obvious
that both you and Gary can't stay. One of you will have to go. < And I think you should stay. Well, I... I'll have to see that. When the new head chef arrives,
I think it will be a good recipe
for success. But we need to keep that Italian
style, that rustic feel
of the Walnut Tree. That's you. Don't know what will happen. < You want to stay here, don't you? Well, I would like to stay here
if something change here. 'It's a hard decision.' 'Though Gary and Stefano
both have things going for them I'm convinced Stefano
would make a better second chef.' That was interesting. One thing I've learnt is
they can't work together. A total impossibility.
Definitely not. But... they can cook
and they can put food on the plate, but as a team, they haven't got
enough respect for one another. One will have to go. One definitely has to go. Gary's not a team player
but someone like Stefano
would be a great number 2. < Which one
would you have to get rid of? Well, in this case,
I have to go for Gary. 'At last Francesco and I
agree on something.' 'Stefano should stay as Spencer's
number 2 and Gary should go.' 'I'll leave Francesco
to sort that one out.' 'I'm off.' Bye, guys. You guys continue talking, yes? You stay out of the kitchen, please. Continue working on those customers. Keep on talking to Franco. I'll be back in a month's time. Before I go, one little present. 'A special gift, one of those filthy
barnacled mussels they served me
on my first day.' See you in a month's time. > Ciao! ALL: Bye! < Grazie. 'It's February and I'm revisiting
the Walnut Tree Inn.' 'I spent a week here
trying to turn things around.' 'It was a hell of a week.' Jesus Christ! 'I found a renowned restaurant
going bust.' Boring. Very boring. 'It needed a new head chef.' It's rare a jerk like that can cook. 'Hard graft in the kitchen.' You, shut it. Back in your corner
and listen to what's going on. 'Cheaper food...' Jesus! 70 quid? 'And more customers.' 'It was in danger of losing
its reputation, not to mention
its precious Michelin star.' You'll have to learn about
the balance of flavours. 'Now I'm back. The 2004 Michelin
Guide was published a few weeks ago' 'Sadly,
the Walnut Tree lost its star.' Sorry to hear about the
Michelin star. Big blow, that one. We'll get it back. Could we go and see the boys? Spencer. Parma ham... 'Spencer's been here two weeks
but with no head chef for a year, they were bound to lose their star.' Are you well? Not too bad, cheers. Settling down? Yeah, steadily. 'Does Spencer have the ambition
to win it back?' What about the Michelin star? There's less pressure now... You can really stamp your mark on it.
You can... now rebuild it... and take the praise for it
down the line, as opposed to... Then I can say it's mine
and I've not taken it over. Gives you a chance to change things
as well. Nice. > Very good. Looking very clean, very vibrant. > Table 15. Duck looks lovely. > Two salmon lunch, two roast beef,
one fishcake, one lasagne. < Has he managed
to stay out of the kitchen? Um... yes. He hasn't come in with his jacket on? Not yet. You don't want him
back in the kitchen, do you? I made the desserts more difficult
so he doesn't know what he's doing. One soup, one mozzarella,
two chicken. Both lunch. Moving, vivant, vibrant, action! You know. Shouting, communication. Drizzle lemon over it in a circle. < Fantastico. Food looking nice? Yes, and we're improving every day. It feels more together already
because he's commanding the kitchen. They follow him.
That's the most important thing. 'I'm surprised to see Gary
still here.' 'I thought he was too ambitious
to fit in.' Have you ben told off yet? Er.... no. I can't fucking wait to hear
how that goes down. Actually, I was late for work. Did he give you a bollocking? Yes, he pinned me to the floor
and beat me up. Fantastic. 'It turns out
Stefano's the one to leave.' 'He said he's found the changes
hard to take.' 'I'm quite jealous of Spencer because he's allowed to do
everything.' 'And things I couldn't even think
about when I'd just arrived.' That's one of the things
that makes me go away because... it's painful for me to see
what's going on. 'I wonder how Gary feels
about Stefano's decision.' So, um... Stefano's leaving. Yeah. Was that you who pushed him out? No, it wasn't me. Spencer's been given the opportunity
to do whatever he likes. Change the menu,
rearrange the kitchen. He's been given
all the opportunities. Francesco never let Stefano do any of that. He had to say
how everything developed. I see Spencer doing all these things and I see how hard it was
for Stefano to take control of the kitchen. < Does that upset you? I think it's upset Stefano
more than me. But you were stronger than Stefano? Some of us have got to survive
and the others...
sorry, there's no room. 'I'm sorry Stefano's leaving but I'm thrilled Francesco's back
where he belongs,
charming the customers.' 'The dining room's vibrant,
just like the old Walnut Tree.' Put this up so the customers see
those four happy, smiling faces. Yep. Yeah. There is a new force in the kitchen. And a new force outside,
because that's where I belong. 'Being outside and be able to
explain and be confident
in what I'm explaining.' Regain that confidence
that was once lost. Thank you very much. Arrivederci. I really hope that this place
gets back to where it was. It's a phenomenal restaurant. You've got a great owner,
beautiful dining room, great kitchen. And let's get it back on track,
yeah? > Spence, what's your ambition at the
Walnut Tree over the next two years? To beat the reputation it had. You're 26. I was 26
when I got my first head chef's job. And now, at the age of 37, it was the
most important job of my life aged 26 so good luck. Ciao-ciao. Ciao. Thank you, guys. 'The future's looking brighter
for Francesco.' 'If he sticks to what I told him, he can make
the Walnut Tree famous again
and win back that Michelin star.' # I eat antipasta twice / Just
because she is so nice, Angelina # Angelina,
the waitress at the pizzeria # I get zuppe and minestrone
Just to be with her alone, Angelina # Angelina,
the waitress at the pizzeria # 'Next week:' It looks fucking ghastly. Oh, Jesus! That's fucking '70s crap at its best. I've got a fucking ulcer. What is that? Looks like worms. Why do I have to eat this shit? Get me out of this fucking place. Intelfax Subtitles
Phil Dooley 827 00:48:00,320 --> 00:48:01,000 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 