Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s2e1 - La Lanterna - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 2, Episode 1 - La Lanterna - full transcript 
 The venue for tonight's first programme is La Lanterna in Letchworth, Hertfordshire. Twenty-eight-year-old owner and head chef Alex offers modern Italian cuisine, a taste of Little Italy in England's first garden city, and the restaurant is run by his best mate maitre d' Gavin, helped by his ex-air hostess girlfriend Emily. But Alex has no customers, cookers that don't work and an expensive menu that's about as authentically Italian as a spag bol. He re-mortgaged his house to buy the business, it's losing Â£1,000 a week, he hasn't slept for months but still runs round town in a flash car (number plate: A1CHEF) that's worth more than the restaurant. Running out of money, inspiration and energy, Alex is on the verge of losing everything. Gordon rolls up his sleeves and sets to work on the encrusted kitchen cookers and hapless front-of-house staff. Can a strict diet of brutal honesty, radical food surgery and undiluted energy turn things round, or is it only a matter of time before the lights go out at La Lanterna for good? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A great little Italian restaurant  in a wealthy town, charming staff, top food, happy customers.  Well, that's the dream.  But this is La Lanterna.  And it's going down the pan fast.  How long?  I don't know how long.  These are all out of fucking order.  Chef/Proprietor, Alex Scott, is so worried about his business  that he hasn't slept for four  months.  She asked for king prawns.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Bollocks. Fucking shit.  His best mate, Gavin, runs front of house, but he hasn't got a clue.  You as a Maitre'd  are fucking useless.  The food's expensive,  the restaurant's empty most nights, and Alex is losing  more than a grand a week.  Quit now.  If I can't turn this  business around then the lights  will go out at Lanterna for good.  It's fucking wake-up time.  Just 20 miles north of London,  Letchworth is Britain's  first garden city.  Slap-bang in the middle  of town is Lanterna.  Get Ashley doing this one,  get Ashley to do it.  It's run by British born and bred  Alexander Scott.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Right, hurry up.  From an early age  Alex dreamt of being a chef.  Squeeze lemon juice on it  and pour olive oil over it.  Then childhood holidays in Italy  turned him into a self-confessed  Italianphile, so much so he's  taken to calling himself Alexandro. I think I'm a pretty decent chef.  I know there's a lot worse,  and I do take a lot of pride in what I do.  I'd like to get to the stage where  we've got a really  good reputation, where people  travel from 60 miles  to come here for a meal, and we  have got a really, really good name, like Gordon, or Jamie or  one of these other fellas.  Helping him realise his Italian  dream is Polish sidekick  Aldonna Novak, but she's got more  attitude than aptitude.  Listen to me.  Come back for a mixed salad, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Fungi, can I have a little trolley, yeah?  I try to do everything I can to try and build the business up.  Everything that I can possibly think of and it's just not worked.  Employing friends and  ex-air-hostess girlfriend Emily  has proved to be a dangerous  mix of business and pleasure.  OK, you're cancelling.  I've remortgaged my house again  to inject some  money into the business.  I took out another personal loan and sort of beefed up my credit cards,  but how long can we last?  La Lanterna.  With debts of more than a £180,000  Alex is on the verge of  losing everything he's got.  Hmm, looks quite nice from outside. That's why I'm here,  to find out what's gone wrong.  Chef?  Morning, chef. Nice to see you.  How are you?  Very well thank you.  Good. And this is it?  It is.  And, God, it's small.  Poky.  Yeah, very poky.  Al Scott, executive chef.  I like those. How many to the team? Er, in the kitchen? Two of us.  Two? So that's why you're an  executive? What's with the flags?  Italian and English.  < Italian and English?  Yeah.  < That's the style of food, is it?  It is Eng... Er, Italian.  Italian? And you're from...Italy?  England.  < Oh, England?  I've always worked in an Italian  kitchen so I just learnt...  the language, learned  the style of cooking.  So lots of Italian ingredients?  Yeah.  Where are the courgettes from?  Er, from our butcher from  London this morning, but..  Courgettes from a butcher?  Yes.  And where are the peppers from?  Tescos.  < Tescos?  They're cheaper.  < Cheaper? So, courgettes from the butcher,  peppers from Tescos...  Lemons from Sardinia?  Cash and Carry.  So so far I've seen  fuck all Italian.  It's Saturday, the only busy night at Lanterna,  and a chance for me to take a close look  at Alex's authentic Italian kitchen. What's that there?  That's bechamel which is used  for the cannelloni...  Packet bechamel sauce?  That reminds me of my days as a  hotel commie back in the early '80s. A successful Italian kitchen has  to understand  the secret of great Italian food.  Simple, fresh Italian ingredients.  What does Donna do in service?  Operate the microwave?  In Alex's kitchen  all the vegetables are pre-cooked  and blasted in the microwave.  Ooh, look, they're everywhere  like Christmas tree decorations.  So stick her on the top shelf and  we've got our fairy!  What turns you on about food,  what makes you excited about food? Nothing really.  Nothing, eh? Fuck me.  And what did you do in Poland,  were you working as a chef?  I worked in a tax office. In a tax office?  Yes. Yes.  That's nice.  So, why cooking?  I don't know.  I don't...I don't know.  I don't actually cook.  Great start! A Polish assistant  who won't cook and an English  chef who seemingly can't.  Right, I'll have the  fillet steak for my main course.  But the menu promises modern Italian cuisine, and at 30 quid a head  it's got to be good  to keep the customers coming back. Nice, if you like matchmakers.  Maybe I'll have a game of dominoes. The packet Grossini matches  the decor, straight out of a  1980s fake Italian Tretoria.  To see what Alex is made of  I've asked him to serve me up  some Italian classics.  First up, fresh minestrone soup.  This should be a star hit  on any Italian menu.  God. Very, very greasy.  Dirty oil slick round the outside.  I'll pass on that one. What is that? Oh, parsley on the stalk.  Next, Salsiccia Legano,  fresh Italian sausages baked in  white wine, served on garlic bread. Oh, dear.  Dear, oh, dear. And it looks like  two penises doused in parsley.  I almost like feel I've gone back  to sort of 1982  where every other restaurant in the high street was an Italian rip-off. We're now in the 21st Century and  he's still serving crap like this. Fucking disgusting.  Even worse,  the Amaretto cake is bought in.  Unfortunately not quite defrosted, slightly frozen in the centre.  Oh, dear, dear.  This is about as authentic as  a fucking Chinese take-away.  'Right, Alexandro.'  You talk passionately about,  you know, Italian ingredients,  authenticity. I saw nothing  Italian, and nothing done with care. I'm concerned about how long this  place has got  to last, and unfortunately  you delivered fuck all.  And that was way, way, way  below par.  < Do you think this is funny?  No.  < No?  Good, cos I didn't find it funny.  That was upsetting,  < cos that was fucking dire.  Alex may think that I'm his worst  nightmare, but this really is  my idea of kitchen hell.  He's in such meltdown, he's even  let the most basic standards  of hygiene slip.  You think he'd have cleaned up.  I mean, it wasn't as if  he didn't know I was coming.  There's no excuse for filth as  bad as this.  When was the last time the  place was really properly cleaned? It gets cleaned  every Friday afternoon.  Yeah? Bullshit.  When was the last time all  the fridges were pulled out?  Pulled out? That was done about two weeks ago.  What about all the bread rolls  down behind the fridge now?  That's disgusting.  That's Aldonna, where she throws  our bread up into the...  Oh, Aldonna throws  bread up into the basket.  To dry out. > To dry out for breadcrumbs,  and she misses so it all goes down the back of the fridge. Dirty lady. What about this pile of shit here?  What about them?  With the kitchen in this state Alex risks further damage to Lanterna's already fragile reputation.  Oh, fucking hell.  It's never been used.  What about these trays here,  when were they done last?  'He could even be closed down.'  That, if we do that..  Two weeks ago?!  ..the oven stops working  when we change that.  Oh, fucking hell. Are you  ever gonna tell me the truth?  It does.  Don't worry about the  oven breaking, yeah?  That's replaceable.  Giving the customer fucking  food poisoning is not. Yeah?  Yeah.  Look. Look at that in there,  that is gross.  That is fucking disgusting.  Everywhere you turn in this kitchen there's another surprise. Look.  Mussels on the floor.  Stuff everywhere.  Produce just left going  mouldy again.  And then there's a Pot Noodle  on there.  Who the fuck is eating Pot Noodles? God almighty.  There's 60 customers out there.  I am so fucking glad they can't see where their food's coming from,  how it's cooked and what the fuck  is going on here,  cos it's a mess and it's a fucking embarrassment. Fucking disgusting. Oh, my God,  that is taking the fucking piss.  Fucking hell.  It's my second day at Lanterna,  where I'm trying to drag it back  from the depth of despair.  Alex told me he's tried everything he can to save the business.  RADIO: 'Their new head chef,  Alexander,  'promises exceptional food  and an enjoyable evening.  'Lanterna, when only  the very best will do.'  Fuck me,  "Only the very best will do"?  The kitchen's a fucking  dirty, filthy mess.  Exquisite, classic Italian food?  God, what a fucking spook.  Radio ad? It's going to  take a lot more than that  to get this place back on track.  When was the last time  the fridges were done?  < Last week.  What is that?  That's finished with from Saturday night, that's just a special order. Jesus Christ!  'I'm shocked by  the levels of hygiene here.'  I wouldn't even serve that to  a fucking pig, you know?  I know. 'Alex isn't following  the basic rules.'  It's got to be immaculate  no matter what you're doing,  from a bacon sandwich to a fucking tortellini of fucking goat's cheese. 'Ovens should be cleaned  after every service.  'The floors should be spotless,  and leftover food thrown away  'or stored in  clearly labelled containers.'  Whose fingers have been in there?  I need to throw this stuff away  because I'm nervous.  Yeah?  Fucking shit.  'With standards this low, Alex's  kitchen could be closed down.'  KNOCKING  Who's there?  Environmental health. Morning. < Morning, mate.  Environmental health?  No.  Damn. Pest control.  Fuck me, do we need you. Come in. Yeah, he knows what he's got to do. > 'One saving grace - they've never  had rats or mice in this kitchen.  'But there is one  pest I'd like to control.  'That's Alex.  'He's been scurrying around in his  own mess for far too long.'  Can you see where we are now?  I've had a very embarrassing dinner, the place is in a mess,  you've taken your eye off the ball  and we've really  got to get this thing back up.  < Let's get all that cleaned.  With a clean kitchen,  I can focus on the main problem -  Alex's cooking.  It's clearly a really fraudulent  imitation of 1970s Italian crap.  When you walk into a kitchen  and spot a bottle of lazy lemon  it means lazy bastard,  nothing more.  I don't know where to fucking  start with the food, you know,  because I want to try  and install that freshness  and give it a sense  of an Italian style, influence.  But Italian food wasn't built up  on frozen food run under water.  Quite frankly, all I've seen  you do so far is reheat things.  'The food's rubbish but I need to  see how he gets it on the plate.  'I've never seen a chef  'work at this breakneck speed  and yet achieve so little.'  'Cor, fucking hell!'  He's got energy, but it's just  channelled in the wrong direction.  He's actually  jumping around doing fuck all.  He looks fucking busy but he's  actually cooking shit, badly.  How's my Red Bull?  'With a diet of five Red Bulls  a day, Alex is so wired  'he bashes out the food as  though his life depends on it.  'Most of his food comes in frozen  or from a packet and I know why.  'He's lazy.  'Instead of getting ready for his  customers he'd rather play golf  'and rock up an hour before service with his mate, Gavin Squires.'  There's a woman come in claiming  she's got a table booked for seven. How many's booked now, Gavin? > We'll need to double count...  'Gavin is the restaurant manager -  the face of Lanterna.'  Does he know what he's doing?  I've only booked eight o'clock.  We think we may have got the wrong place. 'It looks like the dining room is  operated with about as much finesse 'as the kitchen.'  You want to run it  as an Italian restaurant.  30 years ago I could understand  why this exists, but not now.  Quite frankly, it's not going any  further, is it? Nowhere near it.  Not with those, yeah?  < That.  Those, yeah?  I was taught to cook by a  well-respected Italian chef. < That's total bullshit, because  there is nothing Italian there.  < Nothing anywhere.  'Alex tells me this well-respected  chef is still in the area.  'Maybe he can shed some light on  the source of Alex's inspiration.'  Are you Mario?  Yes. The famous chef?  Well, sort of. Yeah, you taught Alex  everything he knew, is that right?  Yeah. Did you introduce him to bechamel  and demi-glace and Marsala.  Yeah. Erm... So it was you?  Well, I'm the responsible one.  Did something go wrong?  Fucking hell, Mario, where  do you want me to start?  'It turns out Alex spent his  formative years with Mario,  'known as Hertfordshire's  king of the trattorias.'  It obviously went well  cos now you're a taxi driver.  No, it got to the stage where I was fed up with the kitchen. If it doesn't work out for Alex,  I suppose I can come  and bring him to the rank?  Yeah. Cos his food's fucking rank.  Yeah, see?  But he's a lousy driver as well. He's a lousy driver as well?  I'll let you get back to your rank. Thank you very much. They're very soft those hands,  they're like babies' bottoms.  Ciao, Mario.  'It seems the extent of Alex's  knowledge of Italian cuisine  'stretches no further than Luton.  'Alex needs to relaunch the  restaurant with a fresh identity.  'But a new image costs money and  Alex is at the end of his tether.'  How do you pay yourself?  I haven't paid myself  a wage for four months. Bloody hell.  Is your business on the line  of going bust?  Oh, absolutely.  It's very much so on the line. I'll lose everything. > It's all tied up in the business  so if it goes wrong, I get nothing. 'Alex's past seems full of  bad financial decisions.  'After just two weeks of running  Lanterna, success went to his head, 'and instead of getting his cooker fixed he spent £46,000 on a new car. 'With no spare cash, Alex can't  afford to turn the business around.' Can you fucking slow down a bit, please, I'm feeling sick.  Why on earth did you buy it? Truthfully? Er, I love cars.  Do you think you've got  your priorities right?  Look down at the numberplate.  Do you have a small dick?  No, not at all. Got a big dick. You don't need a car  to get to work.  No.  You live above the restaurant.  New commitments. Big responsibility. Then you go and splash out on a fucking car.  Yeah.  We've got to recuperate money back to keep the business open.  Absolutely.  So we've got to sell it. > If you had the choice of keeping the car and closing the business, cos that's what's gonna happen... Yeah. Lose the car  and keep my business.  'At last,  he's got his priorities right.  'With the car up for sale, I've got him a good deal on a new cooker.'  Need to get 38 for it  to clear the finance.  Shit.  Maybe I can ring around and see if we can get rid of that numberplate. Now, let's think of a  fucking grade-A, class-A chef.  Hi, Antony.  I need some help, please?  'I have a lot of respect for  TV chef Antony Worrall Thompson.'  'Not really my cup of tea, Gordon.' Not your cup of tea?  I didn't think it would be.  And we know you're not in  need of a penis extension.  'Well, quite.'  Erm, you're not interested?  'Jean-Christophe Novelli, he's  got a massive ego, hasn't he now?'  I'll give him a call! > Hi, JC. Please.  No, listen, I'm trying to sell it. Hold on a minute, I'm only asking.  What's wrong with a private plate?  'With the car and the numberplate  up for sale we can move forward.  'Time to get Alex to do something he hasn't done for a very long time - 'I want him to start cooking.'  This is a way of taking all your  frustrations out in your grissini.  'Alex needs all the help he can get, 'and I want to see if any of his  kitchen staff have hidden talents.' I want each of you to make a pizza. Whoever has the best-tasting pizza, we'll put it on the menu tonight  as a special.  'I've discovered that Joe, the  porter, has trained as a cook.'  < Explain yours to me.  Pepper. Mushroom and cheese.  Tomato sauce, tomatoes,  onion and cheese.  < And chef Alex?  Artichokes, green peppers, black  olives and Parma ham and basil.  You flash bastard.  OK, Joe, here we go.  Do you want to come into our restaurant to try some pizza? Yeah, go on then.  Thank you.  Joe, explain what we've done.  We've just made these  amazing pizzas.  Would you come in  and just taste them with us?  Bring on the pizza, Alexander.  And I bet you're a vegetarian.  I am. We have a vegetarian pizza.  How long have you been vegetarian? Hmm, about eight years.  Oh, God.  'What I didn't realise  was that Aldonna put Parma ham  'on the base of her mozzarella  and tomato pizza.'  Carla, which one did  you actually prefer?  The last one that I tried. The last one?  I'd go for that one.  The mozzarella one?  Unfortunately that's got lots  of mozzarella and tomato,  but underneath that is Parma ham.  Oh, no, that was mean.  I didn't know that. This is  the lady who made them. Aldonna. Come here. > There you go, see, well done.  I've never made pizza in my life.  You've converted a vegetarian.  I'm sorry.  OK. Would you like some more?  No, thank you.  Come on!  There's nothing wrong with you!  See you later.  < Take care.  Good luck with the Vegemite.  'Fresh food on the menu marks  a new start for Lanterna.  'But it's gonna be a  huge step for Alex.'  Goodbye, plastics. Jesus, look at that. People are eating that.  It's so strong, the demi-glace, it's not going down the sink.  'I'm banning all traces of  plastic sauces from the premises.  'Now Alex will have to  cook from fresh.  'In an attempt to slow Alex down,  'I'm cutting his menu by half.'  Why are there three chicken dishes? Er, just for variation.  I want to give them more choice. Well, I've seen all three  and I think they're all shit,  they're all clogged with the same  fucking sauce. Two of them can go.  < And I'm not doing that  to put you in the shit,  but you are in a position  to rejuvenate those customers,  put some freshness and excitement  into your customers, you know that? Yeah.  'With a limited menu and some new  dishes, tonight is Alex's big chance 'to prove to me that  he's capable of cooking from fresh. 'It's something I'd expect  one of my most junior chefs  'to pull off without a hitch.'  Check on. One prawn cocktail,  two Parmigiana, one soup.  First table's in.  So normally Alex goes like this.  Jesus Christ. Everyone gets really  dizzy. "First table. Oh, shit.  "Damn! Fuck! Damn!"  Slow down. I want to really make  sure you stay nice and calm, yeah?  We'll show some composure now, yeah? But the kitchen's  only half the story.  For the evening to run smoothly  the dining room's got to be  well managed by the maitre d'.  The specials... Sorry, excuse me... But the maitre d'  is Alex's best mate.  It's Gavin's first job  as a restaurant manager  and I don't think he's got a clue.  We've a couple of portions left. > Very nice. I did have that  for dinner before I started. > Highly recommended. OK? > It doesn't help that Gavin's  supported front of house  by Emily, Alex's girlfriend.  The chicken was cold.  It was 70 degrees when I probed it.  What do you want me to do? Anything? Nothing. It wasn't cold.  Her only experience of serving food is seven years as an air hostess.  That's why I probe everything.  You are the maitre d', aren't you?  You're running the place.  You've got to get some authority around you, some presence. >  Look at those profiteroles there.  < That's how big  your bollocks should be.  That big.  Now, find them and fucking use them. Drizzle. Enough.  Alex. Nice and calm?  Yeah, actually.  'Alex isn't doing too badly. But  soon Gavin is way out of his depth.' He should be taking orders now, no? Huh?  What is he doing out there?  Gavin's managed to get 60 people  booked in for tonight.  But he's allowed 40 of them  to arrive at the same time.  I think we're gonna be in the shit  in ten minutes' time.  In the fucking dogshit. Any manager worth his weight  should know he's got to stagger  the bookings to keep a steady flow  of orders coming into the kitchen.  < Are you OK now?  Yeah.  Yeah? Good. You don't look it.  Shit.  Scrape off that little bit... > Yeah, OK. Put it up there  and call it out.  What?  What is it? Tell me what it is.  Two pasta, erm...  < Fucking hell, here we go again.  Oh, no!  Let's do another one.  'Under pressure, all Alex's bad  habits come flooding back.  These are all out of fucking order.  'The first time in his entire career he's actually had to cook properly, 'and it's pretty obvious  he can't do it.  'Completely in the shit  and he's lost it big time.'  Which one next?  'Nothing together.'  She asked for king prawns.  I've got a good mind to get that  number plate off that fucking car  and stick it up his arse sideways.  Get the starter. 'Alex and Gavin are like  two little boys  'playing at running a restaurant.'  It'll never work like this.  I hate saying it, but...  so close to cowboys, you know that? Quit now.  Yeah.  Put the restaurant up for sale.  'I'm more than halfway  through my week at Lanterna,  'but last night's attempt at putting freshly-cooked food on the menu  'proved a total disaster.  'Alex has a long way to go  if he's going to become  'a half-decent Italian chef.  'And his mate Gavin gives  an equally pathetic performance.'  It's just so frustrating when  you show them time and time again  the perfect opportunity  for a great local Italian eatery  in the middle of a very wealthy town and you can make such  a great business out of it,  but I don't know if they've got it. You jumped up little fucking prick, who the fuck do you think you are  because you as a maitre d'  are fucking useless.  I've done it to upset you,  so come back to me!  'I'm going to have  to teach Gavin how to get tough  'if he's going to have any  authority...'  Tell me exactly  what you think right now.  '..with his staff  and his customers.'  Get it out!  I'm not ready for this. Look, there's no-one here!  For fuck's sake,  we're in the  middle of a field.  You've got to have authority, and customers have got to walk in there looking for you,  and you've got to get a reputation. Yet at the moment I just see this  sort of little  lost boy moping around. And there's things going on in that dining room that you should be aware of, yet you're totally clueless. I'm really nervous that  you're not supporting Alex properly. I want you to start getting angry. Right.  Why did you send that? Stop, that sounds like  a fucking dickhead in a choir.  'The golden rule  in any dining room -  'you have to be  in control of your staff.'  What the fuck do you think you're  doing you fucking idiot! Like that. 'And not let your staff control  you.'  Why was that food taken? That's not good enough.  You sound like  a right fucking limp dick.  What the fuck are  you doing taking the food to table six, not table seven? (You fucking idiot.)  You fucking idiot, can you not read the order in the kitchen? Excellent!  'Gavin needs to gain the respect  of his team,  'then he can start running  the restaurant with a bit of flair.' Good! Now you've  really found your bollocks.  Give it all this time.  OK. What are you doing you  stupid idiot, where's your fucking  brain tonight, is it up your arse?  'During last night's service  Alex looked a right mess.'  One less thing for Gordon  to have a whinge at me for.  See if he notices.  (LAUGHS)  I think you're a dirty fucker,  show me your fingernails.  Ooh, fucking hell.  I want you looking immaculate.  Smartening up and just lifting  that whole sort of image.  Any chance  of giving him a quick clean up?  Yes, that's fine.  Just don't go too  close in case it bites.  'With a fresh, clean Alex, I want  a fresh, clean look for the menu.  'Alex has confessed that he doesn't eat fresh fruit, vegetables or fish. 'If we're ever going to make this  restaurant work I've got to get him 'to develop a better sense of taste for decent food.'  Get the fucking blindfolds on.  'I'm putting swordfish on  the new menu and I want Alex  'to choose the pasta  that will be served with it.'  And you look younger  with that gone.  A lot younger. Right, first one.  Quite interesting, this one.  'We're starting with  a strong blue cheese.'  There you go. Open wide. Thank you. There you go, nice fine noodles.  < Gavin?  I had a hint of light,  pesto-y type.  < Light pesto-y?  Basil, nut, walnut. Nutty? I think you're fucking nutty. This is an intriguing one,  the second one.  You can actually smell  what's on there. Open wide.  'Next up, fresh herbs  and olive oil.'  Definitely freshly chopped  herbs in there, not dried.  Fresh chopped herbs?  That's interesting. Not dried?  That's not bad.  Finally, something  I found lurking in Alex's larder.  OK, this one tastes spicy.  So, erm?  That was very nice. Yeah?  Very tomatoey. Uh-huh.  More saucy then they other two, but still very nice. Out of all three pastas which one  would you serve with the swordfish? I'd say the last one. Yeah, I think the last one.  Oh, for fuck's sake.  'Alex's tastebuds have been sullied by plastic sauces for too long.'  The last one was a fucking  Pot Noodle.  A curried Pot Noodle.  Pot Noodle!  'I've got to awaken his senses and give him a standard to aim towards. 'Since I first met him  'Alex has blamed everything but  himself for his lack of success.'  'So I'm taking him  to a neighbourhood restaurant  'that's sustained a great reputation for 14 years,  'based on simple Italian cooking.' This chef's been here since, um,  the opening, Francesca.  Morning, gentlemen.  Morning.  How are you?  Very well.  Good to see you. Alex has got a small, how would you call it - modern Italian? Yeah.  Plastic Italian  restaurant in Letchworth. For me the most important thing is to look at the size of this kitchen. This is smaller than yours. You don't need a big kitchen  to prepare good food.  No. You've got one stove there.  What's the secret behind  Italian cuisine? What is it? Simplicity.  Simplicity, the freshness  of ingredient. That's all.  And no Pot Noodles, no? No, no. No frozen food either.  No frozen food? Hmm. We've got  piglet in the oven at the moment.  Oh, lovely. Piglet, lovely. Very simple, rosemary, garlic,  fennel seeds.  Nice. And how are you serving that? Er, just with roast potatoes.  We do a very light gravy.  And do you use any Bechamel sauce?  No.  I've been in here five minutes,  I am starving!  Thank you.  'I want Alex to taste the difference between his frozen bought-in Ravioli 'and something the Italian kitchen  can be proud to serve.'  I want you to taste this.  Yeah?  Really nice, fresh, flavour.  < Clean.  Clean. Anything stuck to  the roof of your mouth?  No. No stodge. No stodge. The mustard is there,  really nice sage butter.  Are you capable of  doing something like this?  Definitely. Absolutely. But do you really want to do it?  I really want to do it. Am I wasting my fucking time?  Not at all. You'll see a difference. This has been a big wake up call  and it's gonna get me into focus,  and get things to how it should be  and get things working again.  But I'm quite nervous  because I think you'll let it  fall through your fingers.  It will work, it's not an option. But if you don't wake up  what will you do?  I will wake up. I will stick at it. I hope you do it.  I will. But I don't think you will.  I'm telling you that  in order for you to prove me wrong. I will prove you wrong. And before we go -  you're a great chef aren't you?  Nice car.  Nice car, what about the number plate,  can I sell you the number plate?  A1CHEF? How much is it going for?  The car? No, the fucking number plate.  Eighteen hundred. So would you  have a private number plate?  No.  Even though you're an A1 chef?  You still wouldn't have a plate?  No.  So what the fuck are you  doing with it on your car?  Alex has had his car and number  plate up for sale for the last week and we're praying  for some good news.  Oh, shit. Unfortunately  your item did not sell.  I was rather hoping  we could get rid of it today.  Yeah. 'It's not the result  Alex was hoping for.  'But with Lanterna  in desperate need of a revamp,  'I want to show him it's possible  to change the look  'without spending lots of money.  'The interior was designed  by Alex's girlfriend, Emily.'  We've got rustic  brickwork down the end.  'But her ideas seem to  be based on dodgy hotels  'she's stayed in  as a charter flight air hostess.'  With a couple of tins of paint  we can rid Lanterna  of its 1980s trattoria look.  I don't think you should touch it.  Right. Well, we'll go with  Emily's, she's the...  Whose restaurant is it?  Alex's.  It's Alex's restaurant.  As Emily's last choice is ghastly, I think she should have less  of an involvement next time round.  You don't trust me  because the last colour...  It's not that I don't trust you,  there needs to be a substantial  improvement.  'Emily wants pale walls.'  Alex, it's your restaurant.  I'd like it darker. Get your goolies out  and make a decision.  I'd like to have it darker. 'It's Lanterna's first birthday  tomorrow and a perfect opportunity  'to re-launch the restaurant.  'But in order to make it work,  'Alex has to be completely  committed to his kitchen.'  It's really exciting  making nice home-made soups.  Think of Italian restaurants  and you think "home-made."  I'm replacing the disgusting  Minestrone soup  for rich Tuscan bean soup instead.  So have a quick look at the menu.  Good. Aldonna read the menu.  'I've slimmed down the menu from a three page epic to a simple handful 'of classic Italian dishes,  all freshly cooked by Alex.'  Now look at the colour of it.  What do you think of the prices? 'And I've cut his prices  to give value for money.  'Not something Alex  has ever been familiar with.'  And that sets you up with 15 to 20  portions of soup at £4 a portion,  that's £80 return.  Now, you've got to put 12-15  minutes of love into it.  That's fuck all, you know that?  'I want Alex to have every  chance of making it a success.'  That we get rid of.  See how elegant that is, nice and  white. Gavin, what do you reckon?  I much prefer it in white.  The paper tablecloths cost next  to nothing, and the paintings come  courtesy of a local art college.  Alex, what do you think?  It's the fucking bollocks, isn't it? This looks great, absolutely great. 'With a fully-booked restaurant for the re-launch comes Alex's chance  'to forge a new reputation.'  OK, guys, big night, new menu, yeah? Lots of exciting, fresh ingredients. New dining room. So walk around  with a little bit of grace  and put a bit of passion into it,  as if you really want it.  'This is  Lanterna's last bite at the cherry.' OK, Tuscan bean soup. Very simple.  'If Alex and his troops can  remember what I've taught them  'then there's just the chance  tonight might be a success.'  Can we just highlight the bottom  of the menu here.  "The first anniversary  of Lanterna Restaurant.  "From now on Alessandra Scott  will not be using microwaves  "or synthetic sauces."  And I so fucking mean that.  OK, ready?  Yeah.  Let's go. Good luck.  Just really hoping that  I don't make any mistakes.  I really want to get it right.  I want Gordon  to say, yeah, you did good.  We're OK. OK is good.  Alex has got all the right  ingredients here  to make a bloody good business,  but can he pull it off? Fuck knows. On order, one sausages, one soup.  Main courses, one pollo,  two swordfish.  Yes, chef.  Yes, chef.  That's better.  No, no, no, just gently, gently.  'We've filled the dining room  with Letchworth's local dignitaries, 'but as the guests start piling  in...'  One soup, one po...  'The cracks in Alex's cooking  begin to show.'  So two sausages, yeah? Yeah?  Come on guys. Just don't let it go  pear-shaped now.  If you take some gravy ready,  but then start doing the veg,  yeah?  Start doing..  Table 13 are waiting  a long time for their starter.  Donna, are you almost  ready with the veg?  I've got eight potatoes. Yeah, how long? I don't know!  Keep it together, yes?  Laura, how's everybody out there?  What are they saying about the food? Don't know.  I mean, we've been in here now an  hour and a half and find it slow.  We're not a lot of very happy  bunnies at the moment, I don't think. An hour and fifteen minutes and we've had an olive.  Can we re-order  and have breakfast instead?  Bollocks. Fucking shit.  'Alex seems to be falling  at the first hurdle.'  INDISTINCT  < Alex?  Yeah.  < Talk to Aldonna.  I'm a bit lost at the moment.  I know, I know. I know you're lost, but you've just gone really,  really, really quiet, you know that? Aldonna?  What?  I keep repeating everything.  'There's only one man  who can get us out of this mess  'and help salvage  Lanterna's reputation.'  Can you get me Gavin, please?  Right, Gavin.  Kitchen's in the shit,  yeah, that's pretty obvious.  It's a big night, the night  we shouldn't be in the shit.  Yeah, how many linguini  have you sold?  I don't think many at all. Yeah, we haven't sold one yet.  < Yeah? So in order to help  the kitchen,  start pushing the linguini a bit  so we can take weight  off Alex's shoulders.  Push the soup as well,  so we can really start  flying the starters out.  OK, sure.  Let's go.  'I want Gavin to show some bottle.  'If he can motivate his team  'and start selling  the ready-prepared specials,  'that'll take the pressure off Alex and get the kitchen back on track.' Well done. Let me just tell you,  you've actually sold  another four portions.  Hey, well done.  Yeah? Welcome back.  What did we discuss in the field  the other day about having what?  Balls? Coolio. Yeah, profiterole balls,  exactly. Have you found them?  Excellent. Anyway, well done.  You just made the restaurant,  yeah, another 15 quid.  'By Gavin pushing the specials, it's given Alex some space to calm down 'and start cooking  like a proper chef.'  One blue. Ooh la-la, blue.  Get this one right.  Especially on a night like tonight. After the last 2.5 hours  of fucking mayhem, yeah?  'With the right  sort of encouragement,  'he might just pull it off.'  I bet you overcook it.  Bet I don't. I bet you fucking do.  I'm apologising now because Alex  will overcook the blue steak again. OK?  Sorry. Grazie.  'It's hardly dinner  at the Cipriani, but it's not bad.' One blue.  'And the customers  are liking it too.'  Nice.  Very nice. Good.  'I never thought I'd say it,  'but thanks to Gavin's  new-found confidence,  'the Letchworth boys have come good. 'Rome wasn't built in a day,  'but at least I've brought Alex  'kicking and screaming  into the 21st century.'  Very good.  < Excellent, yeah.  Timing's a little bit slow,  but otherwise very good.  Yeah, it's been excellent. Tonight was a bit different,  something a bit different about it. The sauce, you know, it was just... It was excellent.  Happy first birthday.  Yeah. May your second be even better.  Em, Emily,  happy with the dining room?  Yes.  That is a pathetic answer.  That means, "No, I fucking hate it." I've asked Alex to make sure  you don't get a paintbrush  in your hand again.  Stop it!  < Profiterole man?  I'll take you down  that field again, you know that?  Right, say it to me once more.  What, the whole lot? The whole fucking lot.  The whole fucking lot? The whole fucking lot.  Are you sure? I'm positive,  in front of your colleagues.  Where's your fucking brain tonight, is it up your fucking arse?  Why the fuck did you take table six's order to table seven,  you stupid wanker? That's fantastic.  LAUGHTER  'I really want them to succeed,  but it'll take a lot of commitment  'and hard work to make  this place a real success.'  Right. Cheers, guys.  Cheers.  Chin-chin.  Cheers!  < Oh, you smooth bastard.  Oh, my God! 'Six weeks later, and I can't wait  to see how things are going.'  Very well, how are you?  I thought, "What's going on?" < I dreamt about you last night.  You had a dream  about me last night?  Yes. You killed me.  I killed you?  You're not wrong there.  'When I first visited, I found  chef proprietor Alex Scott  living in a dream world.'  I don't know how long. 'He believed he was  a talented Italian chef,  'but his kitchen was filthy.'  I wouldn't even serve that to  a fucking pig, you know that?  'The food was dire and overpriced.' Fucking disgusting.  'To make matters worse,  his restaurant manager Gavin  was a wimp.' You as a maitre d'  are fucking useless.  'No wonder Alex was drowning in debt and about to lose his home  'and his business.'  I've never worked like this. So close to cowboys, you know that? 'After a week of hard slog,  Lanterna was  'given the potential to become  a great neighbourhood restaurant.'  Look at that swordfish.  'Now I'm back to see if my time at  Lanterna had any lasting effect.'  Excuse me, you don't walk in. And  after the way you shouted at me...  < I'm sorry.  I thought at least you'd make a bit of presence. How are you?  Yeah. No, louder. How are you, are you OK?  Bollocks, crap.  Come on, you fucker. Where the fuck have you been  the last fucking two months?  We've hung around waiting for you,  you lazy fucking bastard.  How are you? Not so bad, thank you.  Good to see you.  That's better. Excellent. Where's Aldonna's Christmas tree of vegetables? They've all gone now?  Everything's done to order. > 'Thank God the revolting overcooked vegetables are off the menu.'  The whole staff enthusiasm's lifted. And you look cleaner.  Show me your nails.  < Not bad. Have you been stuck  in a car wash for three weeks?  I feel refreshed, reinvented.  I'm happy about what I'm doing.  Cooker gets done every morning. 'I can't believe what I'm seeing.' It gets stripped down. > Open those oven doors.  Show me. Surprise me, Alex.  Not bad. What's that in there?  That's my mix for my almond tart. Fuck me!  Fuck me. Serious.  'I'm speechless.  'Alex is actually cooking.'  Got my pasta dough in here.  We have ravioli filled  with mushrooms and walnut.  Jesus Christ!  Fucking hell.  Are you all right, yeah?  He surprised me.  He surprised me.  I'm, you know, a little bit... in shock. < Thank you.  < I didn't think you were capable. The amount of time I spend  in the kitchen now is about four  hours more to what I wasdoing.  And the more work and effort  and care you put into food,  the more it hurts  when it goes wrong.  Absolutely. > So it's an interesting relationship and it looks like  you've started to really wake up  and understand that bond with food. Each time I make that ravioli,  I'm improving every time.  Obviously, tasting the food is...  is better and using  the fresh ingredients.  We've talked the talk.  Now I wanna eat the fucking food.  Yeah? Yeah.  'I hope his extra commitment  in the kitchen  'is reflected in the standard  of his food.'  You can close your eyes and actually count the flavours, the ceps,  the walnuts, the pasta.  Very good.  'I'm pleased to see he's stuck to  a small, very simple Italian menu  'and everything's freshly cooked.'  Hmm, this is the kind of food...  you should be serving.  Real hearty, rustic, wholesome  Italian food, rich with tomatoes,  nice texture in the meatball and  a perfectly cooked linguini. Lovely. Fuck me.  Is Letchworth ready for Alex Scott? 'Alex has come a long way  since his plastic sauces  'from just six weeks ago.'  Last time you were struggling to  sort of live, survive,  depending on credit cards.  In the shit?  Yeah. Christmas we basically  cleared off all our debts,  all our business and personal debts. Started afresh, started the year  with a clear bank balance.  Paid off all the backdated rent and  we're standing on our own two feet  and having a good January compared  to everyone else in the area.  'Even though he's still got the car, 'Alex has managed to clear  £20,000 worth of debt.'  A bit calmer in here now, isn't it?  'And can finally afford  to pay himself a wage.'  I might make them proud yet.  'There's still one thing standing  in the way of Alex's success,  'and that's Alex.  'I sincerely hope he doesn't  try to run before he can walk.'  I want Gordon to come back in a year and say, "Alex, you are an A1 chef." (SPEAKS ITALIAN) Special, delicious.  Unfortunately just, erm,  battered-to-fuck veal.  I will pass that on.  Between then they've  learned how to crack the egg.  Battered to fuck, literally.  He was hoping for this nice big  piece of veal  and there was no texture.  But apart from that, very nice.  But they haven't yet  made the omelette.  You've been, er,  cooking now for six weeks.  That's all I'm gonna say, you're cooking properly for six weeks. And it takes years. You know that?  Oh, yeah, absolutely.  Please don't forget that.  Oh, no. It was a big wake-up call  going to Riva,  just woke me up to what can be done  on small premises.  Using fresh ingredients.  What you're saying is that you're  no longer a fucking cowboy?  < Absolutely. A hundred per cent.  So when you think that things  are going perfectly right,  think back  to the days of powdered stock.  Yeah. You always learn, don't you?  And put the shits up yourself,  cos there's going to be no-one here in five minutes to do that for you. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you for  all your help, really appreciate it. Just one last thing before I go.  Gary? It's Gordon, how are you?  'Gordon!'  Mate, listen, I need a favour.  'Now, Gary Rhodes is truly  an A1 chef.'  I can give it to you for £2,998.  'For that kind of money, I'll sell  you mine, because we're both GR.'  You've got a number plate with...  You haven't got the same, have you? 'I've got 22 GR.'  22 GR.  'There you go.'  Oh, fucking hell!  'Give it to me for less  and I'll think about it.  '500 quid, I'll take it from you.'  OK, mate, 500 quid.  '500 notes, I'll sort it out.'  I'll go for 500 quid and hopefully  we've sold the fucking thing.  Holy mackerel.  I had enough of this!  Hang you upside down  by your bollocks.  We need this place back on track.  We can't cook a fucking burger in there!  OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 