Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares 
 s1e1 - Bonapartes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares (2004–2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - Bonapartes - full transcript 
 Tim Gray is 21. He's the Head Chef at Bonapartes in Silsden, West Yorkshire and he specialises in 'fine dining'. He has ambitions to be a TV chef and one day hopes to open restaurants in London, Paris and New York. Unfortunately, as Gordon Ramsay discovers, Tim can't even cook an omelette and when he attempts to make dinner for his parents at home he manages to set the cooker alight. A true kitchen nightmare if ever you saw one. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Very strong language from the outset. 'Bonapartes restaurant is in dire straits.' 'New owner Sue Ray has sunk everything into it.' It's frustrating the hell out of me. 'The customers are nowhere to be seen.' How many's booked? > None, Gordon. Chances of walk-ins? > Slim. 'They're down to two staff and the money has nearly run out.' 'I'm going in to identify the problems.' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'I'll find out if the market's there.' How much would you pay for that? You wouldn't want to pay a lot! 'If the team are pulling together.' You can't even take a penalty! 'If the head chef is clued up.' You're taking the piss, you, you know that? 'I've got one week to turn this restaurant into a viable business.' The honeymoon's over. 'Next to its posh neighbours Ilkley and Skipton sits Silsden, a working-class town yet to make its mark on the culinary map of Britain.' Lots of, erm, fish bars, cafes. A quaint little place, small Yorkshire town. 'Bonapartes wine bar and restaurant 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 was taken over by its current owner a year ago.' 'In her time, Sue Ray has sold everything, from donkey rides to cavity-wall insulation.' 'But the restaurant business is new to her and the locals aren't biting.' Good afternoon. Sue? It is, yes. Pleased to meet you. Likewise. How's it going? Bit quieter today. How many did you have in for lunch? About two. That's it. And last night? Last night I think we did only two again. That's all. Two customers the whole night? Yeah. Unfortunately. It's just died an absolute death. 'Two thirds of restaurants don't survive past their first birthday.' 'As things stand, Sue's in danger of adding to those statistics.' 'As a last resort she's placed all her trust in a 21-year-old head chef' 'They believe that fine dining will guarantee Bonapartes a bright future' It's like being an artist. You create something from nothing. That's why I love being a chef. 'From washing dishes five years ago, Tim has had a meteoric rise.' I would like a couple of restaurants, maybe three. Be in Leeds, London, New York, you know, big cities. That's my main ambition, and to make a lot of money. 'His dream is to be a TV chef.' Have you put parmesan through this? 'For now, he's embracing his first opportunity to run his own kitchen.' And how did you find Tim? He found me. I was struggling with chefs and he's very ambitious. He must be fucking good if he's a head chef at 21. Or a fucking good bullshitter. It's a pleasure to meet you, sir. Likewise. And? It is a pleasure. Lee. So you're the head chef? Yeah. > And you're the... Well, obviously the second chef. Busy lunch? No. Absolutely not, no-one. < I didn't think so, with you twiddling your thumbs. 'Sue's food takings are a dismal £200 a week.' 'She should be making ten times that but she's not covering Tim's wages, let alone food costs and overheads.' I'll never know how good they are unless there's any customers in the fucking restaurant. Tim, how many's booked? None, Gordon. Chances of walk-ins, perhaps? Slim. I want to see you under pressure. It's five to six. I want you to knock on a few doors and invite some locals to dinner. Fuck off for some customers. 'If customers won't come in of their own free will, these young chefs will have to drag them in.' We'd like to invite you for a free meal... 'Fine dining requires the ultimate in presentation and service.' We've just had one, thank you. 'And, most of all, faultless food.' 'We just need the people coming in now.' It's like a big cake. You've got all the ingredients, you just need the right consistency. You'll go? I'll see you there. Cheers. 'The reputation can't be that great.' 'Even with free food on offer, they've only pulled in 11 guests.' 'For any head chef, this would be a walk in the park.' First order, two pigeon, main course, one venison, one brill. OK, no problem. Where do the tickets go? I just put them there cos we never get enough to worry about it. Fuck me, that's nice(!) Who's doing the fish? I'll do the fish. What would you like to do? I'll do... venison. How do you organise? "Lee, do hot starters, I'll do cold. You do the fish, I'll do the meat." Lee'll stand here, I'll do this one, and when I'm not doing anything I'll jump on and help him out. Do you know how to organise? Within reason. Where did you put t'red board, Lee? > 'Now I can really see what's going on in the kitchen.' CRASHING What was that? I just trashed a load of bowls. I think we'd better send the bread first. 'Never mind fine dining. They can't get the bread right.' It's frozen. Get it in the oven. Are the pigeons ready? > Yes. We're about to put them in the bin because the bread's frozen and the pigeons are cooked. If you toss that fucking cabbage once more I'll ram it up your arse, OK? Every time you turn round, it's... Let's go. 'You should get starters out within ten minutes of receiving the order.' Thank you very much. 'These poor souls waited half an hour for their pigeon breast with mushroom ravioli.' 'That's not the only problem.' Tim, you made the ravioli, yeah? Yes. It's burnt. Do you not taste that? > No. Smell it, then. You honestly can't taste that burn? Now you point it out, yeah. Get that shit in the bin. 'This is really worrying. A head chef who can't taste his own food's burnt' 'He's not gonna win any prizes for his control of the kitchen either.' I need an egg for... BLEEPING Can you hear that? > That's the veg in the microwave that should have gone with the main course four minutes ago. > Come on, Tim, get the fucking things out. 'For some, an hour's wait is just too much.' 'Sue has got her hands full running the bar upstairs and seems blissfully unaware of the farce taking place in the basement.' < The kitchen's a disaster. The blind leading the blind, the left arm not knowing what the right arm's doing. You want 50 or 60 seats filled and they've got 11 customers in, for dinner, and they're up to their eyeballs in shit. 'I mean, real shit.' 'Everything's going in these cutters' 'They think that rings is the sort of ultimate fine-dining experience but I don't know what's going on.' All I know is I'm not making money, so I don't know what they're at. 'But it's Sue's business and she should be in charge.' Look at the fucking mess here. I've never seen such hard work for 11 guests. > It doesn't make you feel good, does it? > < No, not really. 'I've got just one week to make a constructive impact on Bonapartes.' 'But by day two I'm clutching at straws to find positives to build on' 'Sue has clearly lost control.' 'The kitchen's such a tip it's a health hazard.' 'Worst of all, the head chef and his mate just aren't up to scratch. I must be missing something.' Erm, gentlemen. Tim, signature dish. Scallops. Can't wait to see it. 'Nearly every successful restaurant has a dish that it's renowned for.' 'I'm hoping that, by cooking his, Tim will produce something worthy of a place on a fine-dining menu.' That's your signature dish, which is? Scallops with deep-fried Parma ham, black pudding and sauce hollandaise. 'Certainly looks OK.' What do you think? Mm. (LAUGHS) He's going to be sick. (SPLUTTERS) 'He's only gone and given me a rancid scallop.' (SPITS) Well, someone get him a drink. Fucking shit. How can you eat that? If you knew they were off, why didn't you say? No, I didn't know they were off. They're fucking mingin'. Do you not taste that? I do now, yeah. Took a while. (VOMITS) I know what he means, I feel sick meself now. It's, erm... It's grim. It's fucking grim. And it's out of order. I didn't realise they were fucking off. So... I suppose it's my fault really. That could kill someone. That's the bottom line. (Fuck's sake.) 'In the last two days I've witnessed total incompetence in the kitchen, total lack of direction from the management, and last but not least - they tried to kill me with a rotten scallop.' What the fuck are you playing at? Sorry, chef. It's not about being fucking sorry. You shouldn't be in a fucking kitchen if you don't know that. This is basic fucking cooking. 'I need to check if there's any more surprises lurking in Tim's kitchen.' Let's have a look in here. When are they from? Saturday. Saturday. Did you use them today? No. So what the fuck they doing in the fridge? It looks like rabbit shit. That's some lentils. This one's stuck to the fucking glass It looks like sheep's turd infested with ants. We've got fucking fur on fucking potatoes. When is that from? Couldn't tell you. What are we doing with them? Throw them in bin. Throw them in bin But keep them in the fridge for two days before you throw them in bin? Um... Do you see what I'm trying to get at? Yeah. Does it make fucking sense? No. So all this fucking food, you're jam-packed with shit and we're here saying (IMITATES ACCENT) "Put in t'bin". Well, get them in the fucking bin. 'This kitchen is disgustingly filthy' 'In allowing things to fester Tim's putting Sue's business at risk' Fucking hell, can we get that one cleaned out as well? 'One bad thing contaminates a whole fridge. It's chucking money away.' 'A health inspector would have a field day.' Do you know what? I'm fucking gobsmacked. I've got a good fucking mind to get hold of fucking Sue and tell her to fucking close the place. You should be ashamed. I've never seen anything like this in my entire fucking life. Because this is a fucking embarrassment to catering. Let alone fucking ringed-out fine dining. Let's move, eh? Not the best start it could have been, were it? Fucking... It's all right. I'll sort it out. 'The picture is painfully clear.' 'Tim's completely unqualified to do this job.' 'He's blagged his way in and Sue's been naive enough to take him on.' When you do put so much like hard work into creating stuff and then you don't use it then you get bored. Like footballers playing with no football, they just run around. Sit on their arses after a while won't they? All this ingredients in there and no customers to send it to. None of them communicate with each other - "That's gotta go tomorrow", "Can we turn that into fish pie? But no, the blind leading the blind. And every bloody ingredient in that fridge is money, your money. 'Sue has no idea what's going on in her own kitchen.' 'The key to any successful restaurant is regular communication between management and the head chef.' 'I need to get these two talking.' Gordon's had a word with me. He said he's not impressed. We need to keep the place clean and tidy otherwise I can be sued, in which case I'm out of business and you're out of a job. I realise that. I know and I've taken it, I have to take it on board as well. She had to stick her oar in. She weren't going to say "I told you so" but that's what she were doing. Fair enough, she has a dig, so what? Fuck her. 'Relations between Tim and Sue clearly aren't healthy.' Lee? Yeah? Goggles, gloves. Before we do any fucking cooking in here I want the place spotless. Goggles on, please. That's it, show me, you handsome bastard. 'It's not just the kitchen at fault.' 'Any restaurateur knows it's stupid to attempt fine dining in a basement let alone one beneath a busy bar.' 'Sue's panic is obvious - the weird mix of fine-dining menus and scrappy handwritten boards advertising TV-name cabarets.' 'Bonapartes' image has clearly confused potential customers.' She was trying to do too many things, be all things to all people. So she was trying to have, you know, live music and have an Internet cafe And er... also the impression you got when you came in was she'd be shuffling around in leggings and slippers. 'She won't attract the people she wants to attract.' It's not as nice as the one that's opened across the road. 'The new competition 200 yards away has been fully booked since opening, so the punters are definitely out there.' 'Time to find a new identity for Bonapartes and make a clean start.' 'Valentine's night is just four days away.' 'It's one of the most important nights in the restaurant calendar and can make or break a new venture.' 'If we're going to reinvent Bonapartes, we've got to do it now.' 'Will Sue accept the drastic change of direction I'm about to propose?' It's clearly not going to work as a fine-dining experience. Does Tim know how much pressure you're under financially? I say flippantly "I'll end up bankrupt if you're not careful." He doesn't realise how true it is. How close are you in real terms? In real terms, probably... I've got probably three months... maximum. Jesus. I'm willing to take constructive criticism. It's not working - otherwise we'd have more people in. The basics are wrong. The basics are so so wrong and it's embarrassing. It's got to go back to comfort rustic easy-going food, become more of a bistro - because the place oozes that style. 'I know Sue's convinced but to flush out Tim's pretensions to fine dining once and for all, I need evidence he can't fail to take on board.' Gentlemen. This is seared scallops with baby black pudding, hollandaise cayenne-pepper sauce, and deep-fried Parma ham. It looks like potato. First time you've had a scallop? Mmm. And this is a beef and ale pie. I'll have a bit of pastry. I'm a pastry man. Tasty? Lovely. Yeah? Beautiful. How you much would you pay for the scallops, black pudding and ham? You wouldn't want to pay a lot. Well, scallops are dear anyway aren't they? Eight-fifty? What for one portion?! What would you pay for the pie? About eight pound. About eight pound. Seven ninety-five. Oh, I weren't far off then. And eight ninety-five, well done. Which one do you prefer? Well, I like the pie personally. I like the meat. I'm definitely a meat lover. Thank you, gentlemen. One nil, you fucker. 'Tim needs to learn a few basic restaurant rules.' 'If you don't know your market you won't get bums on seats.' I would probably go with this one. Two fucking nil. Next, please. Have you got two seconds? 'Here's another one. A restaurant without customers will go bust.' I don't like scallops. You don't like scallops. Three-nil, you twat. Excuse me... 'Tim needs to start producing food that people of Silsden won't be able to resist.' That is gorgeous, yeah. I would pay that for that, not that. You wouldn't pay £8.95 for that? In the major cities, I'd expect to, but not in Yorkshire. But that is very reasonable and delicious. Are you listening? I am listening. Bistro? That's where we're going. Fine dining? (LAUGHS) Who's going in for it? QUACK It's not bad news. It's fucking good news. Great news. The writing is on the wall. She's come to the end of her tether. That's pretty obvious that... She's had enough. Is that clear? That is clear, yeah. > And you're fucking cocky with her. Yeah. She pays your fucking salary. Are you mad? How much have you put in? Nothing. Yeah, not a fucking penny. But you've taken from her, haven't you? Yes. So now it's time to give back. Absolutely, definitely. And not cooking for egos. Get rid of it. (KNOCKS TABLE) Back to basics. To confirm that you two do know the basics - both at the same time cook me a fucking omelette. Show me something that I can eat and be happy with. 'An omelette is probably one of the first things you learn to cook at catering college.' When was the last time you cooked an omelette? I ain't cooked one before. I've never cooked an omelette before. Oh, don't be stupid. I haven't. Look inside. What does that tell you? Um... Slightly over-cooked. Slightly? It tastes like fucking rubber. Both over-cooked. That was shit by any standard. You're a head chef. You're taking the piss, you, you know that? You are taking the piss, you know that? Yes, Gordon. Gives you nothing back. The whole idea of telling him off is to help train him and educate him but clearly not used to being told what to do. Right. Make me another omelette. Fuck it. Let's go. 'Any chef worth his salt should be able to source good-quality ingredients at a good price.' 'Locals already think Bonapartes is too dear. They want value for money.' 'For Sue to start making a profit Tim needs to be clever about what he buys.' Two bacon sandwiches, please, and two cups of tea. 'He needs to wake up to the real world.' 'He's clearly in need of inspiration for his new bistro-style menu.' Thanks, darling. That's your one that one. Don't spill it on those new trainers, will you? No, I'll try not to. The Chinese tongues. Tonight we've got a table of four in. I want you to buy a starter, main course and pudding. Twenty quid. Five quid per head. I want to see how clever you are with that money. Right. Grapes, bananas, apples or pears! Morning. Morning, good morning love. I'm making French onion soup. Right, we're making French onion soup today so we're looking for some sort of like rustic baguettes. All we do is this baguette here. Ask to look at one. Can I have a look at that? 'Clearly Tim's never bought anything from a market before in his life.' Discount for the trade? Any discount for the trade? Any discount, what, a pound? You're joking, mate! It's always worth bargaining. On the phone to your supplier, you can always bargain with them. I bet you don't treat Sue's money this way, do you? I will do from now on. Fucking right you will. 'Tim's menus are packed with expensive fish and meat cuts.' 'He needs to open his eyes to the tasty less-expensive options.' What's that next to the pig's head? What is that there? Um... That's ox tail. Ox tail. You ever used ox tail before? No. What do you do with braising steak? I don't know really, maybe barbecue, be nice on a barbecue... Braising steak means fucking braising. So it's telling you what to do with it, so what would you do with it? Braise it. Not put it on the fucking barbecue. Looking for some chicken breasts. Some nice chicken breasts, boss. Look, he's showing you. That's nice. Check it. Let's have a look. How much is it?! How much is chicken per breast? One pound twelve there. It's less than from my butcher. Is it? Your butcher's more expensive? Yeah. Jesus. Four, please. Discount for trade? Discount for trade, how much was it? Four pound twelve. Four pound. 'That's my boy.' That'll do for me, cheers. Can I have a receipt? With VAT. With VAT. You'd come again, yeah? Absolutely. The more they see you the more banter you have, the more bargains you get and the cheaper it becomes. Yeah, yeah. I'll definitely be back. Then the restaurant starts to make a bit of fucking money. Yeah. Do you get the picture? Yeah, I get it. Thank fuck for that. How much have we spent? Just over twelve quid. Fantastic, for four portions? Brilliant. Soup costs 75p to make a portion. How much does it go on the menu for? Times it by four. 2.95 for a bowl of soup and we made money on that. And we're not going to waste anything. We waste nothing. 'With the Valentine's extravaganza two days away I'm under no illusions as to what we're up against.' Fucking limp dick in the kitchen. You're fucking 21 for God's sake! You should be getting fucking twelve hard ons a day, not one a month! 'Lee's got some nous. But I've got to hold Tim's hand every step of the way Are you sure you want to be a chef? Yes. You are? In right into the centre. 'This is our chance to see if Tim can cope with his new bistro-style food.' Bring the knife out, back in and bring it to the edge. Yeah? Gently, gently, gently, gently. Make love to it, don't fuck it. Outside leaves, what do you do with them? Throw them away? Yeah. 'Before we let him loose on paying customers I've asked him to cook for four special people in their own home.' 'I haven't told him it's his family.' Do you like stir it into it...? No, you leave it dangling on top... Of course you let it fucking stir inside. Soup, chicken, lemon meringue pie. Yeah. Let's surprise Mum and Dad, shall we? Let's go to their house and you cook their tea. Yeah? Have you got a sauce for the chicken Kiev? Um, I don't really... I'm asking you. I don't think so. Good. Because... The centre is the sauce. The garlic sauce in the centre. Oh, fucking hell, hallelujah, right we don't need a jus. We don't need any jus. KNOCK Hello, Madge, how are you? Surprise! 'I hate to use Tim's folks as guinea pigs but with the meal already prepared, Tim just needs to reheat the soup, and cook the Kievs.' Shall we get cracking, where's Grandad? Grandad's in the front room. 'This should be a walkover, even for him.' I'm going to leave it all to you. Ow! Nearly broke me shoulder! He was always in the kitchen as a boy wanting to help bake. Because he loves talking about it. Yes. Then he decided at school that's what he wanted to do and he got a job in a kitchen. Said he was going to be a chef and he was off to the Good Food Show to meet Gary Rhodes. Fantastic. And look what's happened. Yeah. FIRE ALARM Fuck me, what's that? Don't burn it. Don't burn it? ALARM OFF (SIGHS) Sorry to keep you waiting. That's quite all right. He's ready. 'Let's not forget, Tim is a head chef.' COUGHING Fucking hell! You haven't burnt my pans, have you? I might have done. Last thing I said to him "Don't forget your croutons!" He's managed to fuck them as well and burn his gran's house. Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh. Ladies first. This is some French onion soup. Thank you, love. 'Minus the croutons.' What we going to do with this numbfuck? Oh, look at that, superb. 'Torched on the outside and pink in the middle.' 'As for the lemon meringue pie, he'd get a better reception if he threw it at them.' 'Tim's family wouldn't dream of criticising him, but the customers on Valentine's night won't be as forgiving.' We've got 44 booked for Saturday night. Mm-hm. And you fucked it for four. What chance have you got for 44? I'm now starting to shit myself. 'It's my fourth day at Bonapartes.' 'Tim's attempt at a simplified bistro meal may have impressed his granny but we both know the awful truth  it was a spectacular flop.' You're paid as a head chef, aren't you? Yeah. Do you think you should be a head chef? Not really. Thank fuck for that. Don't start crying. I'm not. You look as if you're about to fucking bubble. < OK, so you're delighted, are you? 'Bookings for tomorrow's Valentine cabaret are piling in.' 'With the restaurant booked to capacity I'm trying to stay positive' 'But with just a day to go it will take more than high-energy drinks for these two to pull it off' When someone's been told off, you have to come back at a 100mph. This guy disintegrates every time you tell him something, and loses all sense of concentration, that short span that he has. < Why don't we swap roles tomorrow, you become sous chef and Lee becomes the head chef? No answer. Whatever you want to do Gordon. < But it's your fucking kitchen! You're supposed to say "Bollocks, no, I'm the fucking chef." "My name's Tim Grey, it's me on the menu." No? Yes or no? Yes. < Oh, Jesus. 'Maybe I should try the softly, softly approach.' Saturday is a big night, it's the first time since you've been here that it's full. You're not shafting me as well, We'll work together. Over the next 15 minutes I want you both to think of something really simple menu-wise, three starters, three main courses, three puddings. What do you think Lee, soup? < Er, yeah soup. 'By passing decision-making to Tim I hope to build his confidence and install pride in his food.' It's hard to write a simple menu when you've had your head up your arse trying to make fancy silly food That's what we're going for. 'So what have they come up with?' Main courses: liver and onions, mashed potato, macaroni cheese, fish and chips, mushy peas, Lancashire hot pot. Lancashire hot pot sounds nice. You came up with the ideas together? Yeah, we just flicked through books and thought what's simple and basic food, what we had at school. And not forgetting, where are we? In Silsden in Yorkshire. (HUMS) We're getting there! We're getting there! 'In devising a new menu, I'm aiming to take the pressure off Tim and Lee during service.' '90% of the food can be prepared and perfected a day in advance.' Show me you can handle two pans at once. 'As long as it's made well, it can't fail to be a hit with the customers. There should be 15 things going on  co-ordination, understanding, is is pink, is it well done, onions... 'In short, Bonapartes new bistro menu is designed to be idiot proof.' It will identify them as vegetarians, yeah? That's good, come on! 'Tim's attitude towards Sue has been that of a stroppy teenager rather than a respectful employee.' We're going to go on tomato soup, rustic tomato soup with some little cheese things. 'That's a first, he's come to me. I run down and chase all the time.' I need this, "Oh yeah, it'll come later." I need it now. You just put them through with some butter, crush them up. I don't know what he's been doing to him but he's certainly improving! 'In the week I've been here I've hardly seen Tim or Lee sample or season anything.' 'No wonder their tasteless food fails to woo the customers.' Everything we do in this kitchen has to be tasted. I don't care if it s a fucking bread roll or a lemon meringue pie, you have got to start tasting things. 'From now on bland is off the menu.' 'To teach them a lesson they'll never forget I resort to dirty tactics.' You know what a medium steak tastes like, yes? Does that taste like a sirloin, T-bone steak, or is it a rump steak? Sirloin. Sirloin. It tastes like sirloin. > 'Now for the pork.' Open up. OK? Tell me whether that's medium or is that well done? Medium. < And? Well done. None of you got that right. Yes? Pork? Pork and fucking lamb, fucking hell! You don't, you don't realise until someone blindfolds you and feeds you that your palette's so... non-active. Could have been worse. Could have been chicken. Then we would have looked like fucking idiots! Oh, shit! Sorry. 'Tim's had a week of grief from me.' Whip, whip, whip, whip! Put the bowl down! 'This boy has really tested my patience.' How do we know they're ready now? You can lift them upside down. 'And I really don't know if any of it's sunk in.' I'd love to get it and put it on! Go on. LAUGHTER 'But with more than forty guests expected in two hours' time, he'll soon be tested to his limits.' I slipped! Don't tell me, it was the mud! It was the mud! Can't even take a fucking penalty! 'Tim's no quitter and I don't want to see him fail but he's got to prove he's master of his own kitchen.' We re not leaving this as a draw, you know that? In cooking nobody draws, ever. 'One thing's for sure: tonight he'll either sink or swim.' Oh, yeee-es! Whoo! Another two upstairs? Possibly. OK, good news, another two, so we're up to 48. 'Sue's never had so many bookings.' 'She's moving furniture out to fit more tables in.' Are you happy with that? Chicken Kiev with vine tomatoes, T-bone steak with home-made chips. Because there's so many, I wouldn't stall them upstairs for too long, you'll dump us in it. Prawn cocktail, green bean salad. What do you think? Ooh, very bistro, I like it. 'I hardly dare say it but this place has got a real buzz. One thing missing. What would you like on all your menus? Oh, his name's not on it. Ah, bingo! Where shall we put that? I don't want my name on it. We work as a team, it's a joint effort and bistro, that's it. That's the most sensible thing you've said to me all fucking week. < Thank you. 'Every decent restaurant in the country is full on Valentine's night' 'The competition is packed to the rafters.' 'And for once, so is Bonapartes.' 'In a small town, business thrives on word of mouth.' 'If tonight's a disaster, it could break Sue.' I have got a fear that he will not be able to cope with the numbers. Especially when he's saying that eleven's busy. I don t think so. So we'll see what he's made of. 'Tim has got to get this right.' Right, two for upstairs, two soups, two chicken. OK. Six o clock, first order's in. Hello, Chef? Yes. I might as well give it to Scott. Scott first order in. Are we going to let the kitchen porter call out the tickets? On order two soup, two chicken, one creme brulee, one treacle tart. Soup's made, get it on to boil. Scott put some water in it, please. What's that burning? < It's on the grill thing. It's not the croutons? < No it's not the croutons. Don't burn the croutons. > I'm not burning the croutons. The soup's on? Pan on for the chicken? > Not yet. > Put the pan on first, and as they're eating soup, the chicken is cooking. Are you all right, yeah? Yeah, I'm fine. First order in. The pan's not on for the chicken. Don't burn the croutons. > < Right, how long for that soup? Five past. 45 seconds. > Oh, fuck off, will you? What the fuck are you doing? Out the way. Young man, what are you doing? Slow down, talk to him. Lee can you send the two soup, please? All right. > Look at the croutons! Charcoal again! Oh, God, it's the first fucking order! What's the matter? Nothing. You're cooking like an absolute twat. Just take your time, big deep breath and talk to Lee a little bit. You're on your own, spinning round, and just creating a fucking bedlam. Calm down, get yourself organised and control yourself. Now, fucking come back to me a little bit, come back to me a bit. (LAUGHS) I'm back, fucking... 'Come on, Timmy, fresh start or we're going down like a sack of shit.' That's better, Lee, look at him. Hey, nice and bright. Give us a smile. It's well done, isn't it? Yes. Come on. Teamwork. > Two minutes for some veg, Lee. Scotty, can I have two ovals out of there, please? On order: three prawn cocktail one soup, one sirloin medium, one T-bone medium, one sirloin medium. Don't rush the starters, we've got a lot of stuff to get on. Good. Communicating. Good. Scotty, as soon as you get some small ramekins, I need them. How long for veg, one and half? On order: one prawns, one beans, one Kiev, one sirloin well done, one lemon, one brulee. Scotty 2 Hotty, can I have two ovals, please? That's it, you're talking to the whole brigade now. You're talking to the team, which is fantastic, keep it going. I don't want to hear you stop talking We're going to go down, yeah? Not quite right but at least it's moving. Medium with salad, medium without salad and that's a rare without salad. < Keep it together, yeah? Yeah. < Let's not get nervy. The food was, was excellent, yeah, very enjoyable. It's what we expected to have, really tasty and really enjoyable. How many more to come, please, Sue? There's another four. I overbooked. The local competition has 46 booked. We do this four, we've beaten them. Does that not just lift the morale? T-bone medium, medium, medium, medium and a chicken. Ladies and gentlemen, show time. I'd like to introduce Tom Sawyer. After prawn cocktail, get some hollandaise on. Call service, Scotty. Take it away. APPLAUSE One T-bone steak medium and one chicken Kiev, please. And that's all going to table... twelve. > Take these two first, please. # I did all that # And may I say # Not in a shy way Watch the colour. When it's brown it's cooked when it's black it's... Fucked. # I did it my way # For what is a man Watch the pastry, please. Pies. Veg first, veg first. > # If not himself, then he has nought # To doubt the words he feels Two sirloin medium. We're not finished but well done. 'Tim's grandparents are celebrating their 44th wedding anniversary.' 'At last Tim can repay them for the rubbish he served up before with a delicious well-cooked meal.' It was lovely, that steak, it was beautiful, Tim. Glad you liked it. > It brought back memories, that T-bone steak. Did it? Did you hear what Grandad said? Brought back memories. APPLAUSE You really surprised me and I'm really seriously over the moon that you didn't fuck it. The first 15 minutes at six o'clock you acted like the biggest twat in Britain. You pulled it back together. And that wasn't me, that was you. The feedback from them has been brilliant. What does that tell you? I haven't had a service like that for a long time. These stupid illusions of grandeur, this stupid fine dining crap you're trying to do. It's gone. Do you understand exactly where you are now? Yeah, I totally understand. What you're capable of within this restaurant? Stop trying to take it beyond something it's never gonna be, you'll fuck the restaurant and yourself. Never forget tonight. # You know when that shark bites # With his teeth, dear 'Tonight, Sue's takings are a record £2,000.' # Fancy gloves, though I thought the guys did brilliantly. It's up to you not to allow it to go back to where it was. I've been too soft. Yeah, exactly. I'm glad you're saying it, that's what I was going to say next. And I've also... allowed him to have his head too much. I also think you've been confused as to what you want. Because you haven't been focused on one direction for the restaurant. You've been... jumping. < Trying out things, I agree. That's part of a panic, it's wrong. Tonight, it's evident what you need to do from now on. If he changes anything, I'll pickle his nuts. 'When I arrived at Bonapartes a month ago, it literally had no customers.' 'Head chef Tim Gray was a liability.' (VOMITS) I didn't realise they were fucking off. 'He couldn't even cook an omelette.' You're taking the piss, you. 'In one gruelling week, we transformed Bonapartes from a failing fine-dining restaurant into a buzzing bistro, with Tim sending out quality food to nearly 50 contented customers on Valentine's night.' Hallelujah! 'But since I left Sue's given Tim two written warnings over his attitude.' 'Now I'm back, unannounced, to find out what is going on.' # ELECTRO-FUNK Turn that fucking thing off. My God. What's going on? Chilling. Chilling? It's Friday, it's 7.30, how many's booked? > Four. And you've got the music blaring. Where's Lee? He's upstairs on t'bar. What the fuck is that in there? < Mussels. You're not serving them, are you? < Yeah. What are the fridges like? My God almighty. What is that shit in there? (EXHALES) That is mould and fur. So you haven't changed. > Oh, fucking hell. 'A whole week drumming it into their thick skulls, and it comes to this.' Holy fuck! < This is a living fucking nightmare! 'Nobody here is taking control.' 'A health inspector would close them down without a second thought.' Sue, it's part of your responsibility and this is your gaff. There you go. Should not be in. > You didn't see this, Sue? No, I didn't actually. > In fairness to Tim, he was doing OK for the first three days, and then it went... This is not right. This is fucking miles away, this is a nightmare. It's more loss on top of more loss and more loss and more mould. You need to touch that, rub your finger on that, go to a chip, season something, put your finger in the tomato soup, and they're all fucked. You've contaminated the whole place, and that's what worries me. This kitchen is not fit to cook a fucking thing in, right now. And that's your problem. > (OK.) SUE: I think I'd better just close. Put "due to refurbishment". And you should bow out gracefully, you know that? > Just been giving him another chance and another chance, but I can't tolerate that, it will end up... It's professional suicide. 'He's conned me, simple as that.' I don't think he did it deliberately, I just think he lives in a Walter Mitty world. I'm beginning to think that he just convinces himself. To go from... Valentine's Day evening to this is... it's not even funny, there's just summat wrong with it. Valentine's Day were good. I don't think I've gone home to bed feeling in a happier state of mind, and tonight I don't think I could go to bed in a worse one. It's beyond recognition really, innit, how fucking stupid that... someone can be, know what I mean? It's dog wank. WOMAN: And who is that someone? > Oh, that would be me. Pretty much. Yeah. Well, the bar's busy, that is one saving grace. But thank God she closed that kitchen because it was fucking disgusting. I mean, really appallingly bad. Shockingly bad. 'If you'd let me get on with it...' 'If I'd let you get on with it, this floor would be knee deep in S-H-1-T' Before you rang me up all aggressive I were getting on with you fine, giving it all the gentlemanly stuff I could do, and then you shot it down t'fucking pan. No. Don't turn it on me. I don't want to turn it on you, Sue, because it doesn't matter any more. The floor was filthy. Does it matter? Yes. It does. I think we've established that. Look. Yeah? Fuck the fucking floor. That's worse. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 