Copper: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Copper 
 s1e8 - Better Times Are Coming - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Copper (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 8 - Better Times Are Coming - full transcript 
 November 8, 1864. On Election Day in New York City another murder hits close to home for the detectives of the Sixth Precinct. With tensions running high, Maguire takes the law into his own hands, forcing Corcoran to make a difficult decision. In Carmansville, Doctor Matthew Freeman struggles to maintain his medical practice while caring for his reclusive wife Sara. Uptown, Robert Morehouse's newest affiliates prove a more formidable group than he initially anticipated. Joining them on a journey to receive their latest investment, Morehouse is faced with a series of decisions that could have long-reaching repercussions for the family name and other's in New York City. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Corky found out his wife had disappeared and his daughter had been murdered. We need that ledger, Miss Lockwood. The hag's been blackmailing all the men who paid Grindle for abortions. Mary! I know what you did to Annie. If Lincoln wins, New York will burn. Very impressive. Lincoln/Johnson. Vote Lincoln/Johnson. Vote Lincoln/Johnson. Hurrah, hurrah, hurrah 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sound the news from the din of battle booming Tell the people far and wide that better times are coming There are voices of hope that are borne on the air And our land will be free from its clouds of despair Name's Angus Fraser. What are you dragging me up here to Central Park for? I'm still training you, little Byrnes. What have you learned so far? You give me an order. Follow the order. That's right. There you are. Now go grab one of them sheep. What do sheep got to do with crime in Five Points? Get one big enough for four, so we can feed your sorry face. Wife's sister is coming too, Judith. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Is she a looker? - Yeah, she looks just like my wife. But better. Go on. Get us one, eh? Oh, Jesus! Ah, Detective, come over here. What? You skin your knee? Oh, no, no. Hurry! Hurry! - Mr. Morehouse. - Mrs. Haverford. Out and about unescorted? Only a short distance. To the Fifth Avenue Hotel. The Booth brothers have extended an invitation for tea. We're meeting to discuss their upcoming performance to raise funds for the Shakespeare statue. "Journeys end in lovers meeting. "Every wise man's son doth know." Perhaps you'd rather join me at my home, for something more substantial than tea. Sounds delectable. But I've made a promise. You wouldn't want me to break a promise, now would you? Just as you wouldn't break a promise you made to me. I will confront Kevin Corcoran. If you're free tonight, perhaps you would like to join Father and me for dinner as we await the results of the election. Say 6:00. I'd be delighted. Matthew! What brings you to Five Points on election day? Major Morehouse visited me, asked me to test the liquid. Greek fire. - The explosive? - Yes. Morehouse said he was making a business investment. So? And I know you heard the rumors too. Rebel spies are plotting to set fire to New York like they did that town in Vermont. Well, the best way to do that is with Greek fire. Are you accusing the major of being a Confederate spy? I did not say that, Corky. Only I remember the day Morehouse lost his leg. He cursed both God and Lincoln as I cut through his flesh. If you'd have cut off my leg without morphine, I'd have cursed God, Abraham Lincoln and my mother. But it wouldn't make me turn against the Union. All I am saying is that a rich man like Robert Morehouse can smuggle in enough inflammatory liquid to torch the entire city. See, Corky. My Sara, she's with child. Congratulations. That's wonderful. How's she doing? She's... She's healthy enough. She needs to get out in fresh air more amongst people so the child will be healthy in her womb. Election day is always trouble. If the city burns, if there's another riot... Mathew, the riots are behind us. Carmansville is a long way away from any election trouble. Go home and enjoy your family. Corky! We, uh, found a body up in Central Park. Mary Lockwood's body. That's a bad piece of luck. First Molly, now Mary. She was shot dead through the heart. Must have been a robbery. A robber wouldn't have dragged Mary all the way up to the park to bury her. Well, maybe she was robbed in the park. Been thinking this through, Kevin. Jeremiah McLean killed Mary. McLean? Who owns the hardware store? Why would he? McLean was the man Mary was running off to England with. She changed her mind. She decided to come back to me. She told McLean and he killed her. He should hang. Before we string him up, I'll speak with him. You go home. Can't. Captain's assigned me to protect Alderman Reese today. - Andrew? - I can't help either. I'm supervising the official balloting. Little Byrnes, you will come with me. Kevin told me not to leave the house this morning. He said the streets weren't safe on election day. He's always looking out for me. What do you think of my dress? Very pretty. Kevin bought it for me, new. Fancy, isn't it? This is delicious. Yes, I'm a very good cook. Kevin loves my cooking. Since I've been back, I've been eating too much. But Kevin doesn't mind. You know how he likes a handful when he sleeps. Sim! You're open on election day? Only till noon, when the whiskey runs out at Eva's saloon. Then I hide. I'm, uh... I'm looking for McLean. Went to his house, no one's home. I haven't seen Jeremiah for weeks. Said he had to leave town sudden. Didn't say where or why or how long he'd be gone. Your business partner ups and goes and you ain't curious? No, Jeremiah isn't the forthcoming sort. Morning, Aloysius. He talk much about his personal life, marriage? I said not forthcoming, right? So you have no idea if he was having an affair. Is that what this is about? The Metropolitan Police sends out not one, but two detectives the same day to check on infidelity? Two detectives? Who else was here? Maguire. All right. McLean comes back, you let me know. Lincoln would have you believe that the Negroid is not only our equal, but that blending the races creates a stronger human species. This dangerous, farfetched fantasy hides his true purpose, to shove that big government stick of his... I don't see Detective Maguire. Little Byrnes, go back to the precinct and ask Captain Sullivan to put a patrolman in front of the hardware store, and another at McLean's house. - Yes, sir. ...take away your hard-earned pay. Francis, where the hell... This her? Who? Mary Lockwood. "Female. Shot. Central Park." I need a favor, Grimes. And you're asking me? Not likely. I need the bullet which killed Mary. Look, I don't work for the city. I don't work for the Metropolitan Police. And I certainly don't work for micks like you. So why don't you toddle off and find a saloon? I asked nice. That bullet is part of an official murder investigation, and I will have it. Unless you wanna be next on the table. I haven't started the autopsy yet. Take about half a day. First thing tomorrow I'll stop by, and get that bullet. Sleep well, sweet Mary. I need $10,000. 'Cause weaponry and Greek fire are arriving tonight. As we discussed, a lot of people on the way expect to be paid. $10,000, today? If I were to get you the money, how would this all play out? You don't need the specifics. Oh, I disagree. See, my cash, my terms. Where and when will the shipment arrive? I'll get you that information when I receive the moneys. Sober or spirited, you're a difficult one to read, Kennedy. Come back at 10:00 tonight. There you are. Take your free drink, courtesy of Mr. Tweed. This time your name is Jack Morrison. That's not gonna do. Here. There we are. All right. Tim Bailis. Remember, vote McClellan and Tammany. Keep moving, we've got an election to win here. We are tabulating every drink, you know. Ask Tweed, he'll foot the fare. - Annie okay? - Miss McDonnaugh's with her now. The girl's out of control, you know. She's got all sorts of crazy ideas. Her and everybody else around here. Have either of you two seen Francis? No. Hey, Corky! You heard anymore rumors? About, um, New York getting detonated? - Why do you ask? - Sybil, of course. She's still harping on about this secret telegram warning Mayor Gunther of dire consequences. She's threatening to move to Kentucky and I don't even know where the hell Kentucky is! So tell me true. Is there anything brewing? Not sure. Could be nothing, could be the end of the world. Corky! What a lovely surprise. I was just thinking about you. - And me of you. - Oh? You own a certain business venture... Adam, have you had luncheon? No, sir. To the kitchen then. You own a certain business venture involving Greek fire? My friend Freeman. There were rumors about Johnny Reb burning down the city. Rumors are true. So you do know what's going on. Why did you slice Elizabeth's paintings? That has nothing to do with the fact... She was terribly frightened. Nothing to do with the fact that you knew about an attack on New York and haven't made a report to the proper authorities. Who would I tell? The Mayor, Governor Seymour, the editor of the New York Daily News? They're all copperheads. - Well, you could've told me. - And why would I tell you? When I don't know if I can trust you anymore? Your behavior towards Elizabeth... She sent Annie to John Reilly's. She lied to me. She didn't know what Reilly had done. She thought he was the girl's father. But when she found out the truth, she tried to handle the situation by herself. She went up to Reilly's to try to save little Annie. Elizabeth cares for the child's wellbeing, same as you. Yes, she should have told all. But you can't bring Five Points up here where it doesn't belong. You can't threaten an innocent woman. Okay. Kevin, Elizabeth and I... Okay. The Greek fire. I've been getting chummy with several southern radicals. They're bringing the liquid in tonight along with some weapons. But they won't move forward if Lincoln loses the election. And if he wins, where'll they strike. When? I'm only a fountain of money, not privy to detail. Yet. I need the names of the men involved. I only know two so far. But if you grab them now, the others will slither away to strike another day. When you find out more, you let me know. I'll give it my consideration. You should send Elizabeth a formal apology. I'll give it my consideration. You're right about one thing, little Byrnes. Mary Lockwood was buried where she dropped. The grave's shallow. Which means whoever dug it was acting quickly to cover up the body. And no one who was thinking this through would've chosen this spot. It's too public. Any idea how long Mary Lockwood was dead before she was found? We can only guess, a few weeks at the most. Late October then. Mmm-hmm. Here, for your pal, Maguire. He's to come by tomorrow and pick it up. But the further you can keep him away from my hospital, the better. - A bullet? - Mmm-hmm. Straight from Mary Lockwood's chest. Look, Corcoran, I don't need your guys coming in here threatening me. I'm a physician, not some jailbird. Hey! See, that's why I'm... Few more questions. Did Maguire ask McLean what kind of gun he owns? I don't know. You know what kind of gun he owns? Uh... Colt Navy revolver. It's got, uh, an engraving of a battle on it. Gun's top rail. Go to McLean's house. Go be the patrolman there. Finish with Alderman Reese? Aye. He's home safe and sound. What? I saw the Alderman. You were nowhere in sight. You wanna tell me what's going on? I thought we agreed that I would be the lead on this case. And you're undermining my every move. So you either let me do my job... Or what? You're taking too goddamn long. McLean's back. And I'm gonna be the one to talk to him. Piss off, Corky. Mary's death is his doing. The bastard has to pay and I'm gonna see he does. No, you're staying here! Don't be treating me like I'm some lunatic! Since the day you came back from the war, you've been out of control. Running through the streets desperate for answers. - For justice. - Yes. And you've been there to help me, and now I wanna help you. I promise I won't cause a fuss, Kevin. But I need to see the man. Just like you needed to see McClaugherty. And the locket. All right. We'll go together, hear what he has to say. Then we decide what the next step is. Well? McLean, he's gone again. - Why didn't you follow him? - My orders were to stay here. Detective O'Brien made himself very clear. I'm given an order, I follow the order. No thinking on my own. Let's divide up three ways and scour the neighborhood. No, we wait. We wait. Hey, easy, Francis. He hasn't been on the force three weeks. He was just following orders. He's a mindless twit. And he's got no business being on this force or any force. Just like his uncle. Detectives. Shite! McLean! - Christ, Francis. - He ran. Guilty ones always do. That proves he's a murderous shit. God damn it, we agreed to talk to him. Is that what you'll do when Annie's murdered, huh? He killed Mary, I know he did. In me bones. I closed the case, and saved the City of New York the cost of a trial. This is Francis we're talking about. He got McLean fair and square, what more do you need? Something don't sit right. Nothing sits right with you these days, Kevin. If I could have talked to McLean, I might have, I don't know... Andrew, did you know McLean at all? Only from good mornings and such. Then I'll have to have a chat with the one who knew him best. There's worse husbands than Jeremiah McLean. Sure he had his secrets, cheap as could be. And he'd raise a hand to me time to time. He ever talk about leaving, going to England? On a boat? He gets seasick just standing on a beach. Where's he been the past few weeks? Up in Buffalo with his mother. She fell down the stairs, can't walk. He's her only son. Ah. Did you ever hear of Mary Lockwood? I should go clean, people coming for the wake. She died a few weeks ago. Yeah, I heard. Up in Central Park. Abortion doctor's sister. Did you have any dealings with her? Who? The abortion doctor or her sister? - Either. - No. Did your husband? I really should go clean. See, in detective speak, you just said, "Yes, Jeremiah did know them." He's dead, so what difference does it make? Jeremiah got some filly knocked up. Had her fixed. This woman, this Mary, said she had proof. A book of some sort. What kind of book? I don't know. A record, a ledger or something. A ledger? She wanted money. Or she said she'd come blabbing to me. Jeremiah was such a miser he'd rather I knew than split with a penny. So why did he beat Mary Lockwood? He was a man, angry whenever forced to face who he really was. So there's no invasion, no bombs? Nothing to worry about? Not a thing. Oh. Jesus, Lord, help us. What's the matter now? You don't think I believe you, do you? And you lying to me means the situation is worse than I expected. No, Sybil, it's not... Where are you going? To pack for Kentucky! ...but men and women exist in separate spheres. The man's job is to run the nation, the woman's job is to run the household. And the household isn't part of the nation? You see, this is a prime example of why women shouldn't have the vote. You don't have the grasp of politics. To quote Reverend Antoinette Brown, "If a woman's sole responsibility is of the domestic type, one class "will be crushed by it, and the other throw it off as a badge of poverty." Rubbish. Elizabeth, I'm afraid you won't get far with Father. He's won. It's Lincoln, sir, of an estimated 400,000 votes. He's won! Send a message to Faulk and Prime at the Commercial Bank of Hoboken. Now that the results are in, I should be leaving. Mr. Morehouse... Thank you so much for your hospitality. Yes, yes, Mrs. Haverford, goodbye. Where was I? Triumphant night. And yet, a troubling one. Yes. The war may soon be over, but the fighting won't end. Half a million dead. Is emancipation really worth all the lives lost? Are you advocating slavery? Of course not. In England we abolished the slave trade ages ago. But does your government truly believe that by creating a law, your citizens will suddenly embrace social equality? Personally, I find it hard to believe that the Irish will ever allow the Negro to be their equal. Men can change. Look at Corcoran. He believes the Negro to be his equal. I'd rather not discuss Detective Corcoran. He's a good man who did an irrational thing, acting out of passion and impulse. Valuable traits in war, I suppose. And in police work. I've talked to him, explained. He's of no danger to you. I've got it, James. There's a satchel in my bedroom. Grab it for me, would you? And my coat. Elizabeth, this won't take long. Have you heard the election results? Yes. New York will burn. I'm not giving you the money until you tell me more about your plan. Better yet... Why don't I show you? You'll travel along tonight. Let me get the funds. And say farewell to my guest. Hedley, Martin. And you know James McMaster. - Gentlemen. - Evening. See to the horses, will you? Are you sure you can trust these men? They are my brothers in battle. Careful now. We don't want any accidents. Remember, any of this juice gets exposed to air, we're done for. Mary Lockwood was the fraud I thought she was. She had her sister's ledger all along. Did Maguire know about that? The girls and I are going dancing at Harry Hill's. Do you want to join us? Francis, he said that Mary and McLean, they ran away together. Why would he lie? Poor Maguire. He's had such bad run of luck. Losing two fianc?es. Of course, he's a rough one when he gets whiskey'd up. He and Molly... What about he and Molly? Molly was afraid of Maguire. He throttled her once, so... She was scared that he would hurt her again. I don't know, maybe that's why she said yes to the marriage. Why didn't you tell me about this before? Because in my profession one learns not to say what goes on between a man and a woman. I don't want to add to your troubles. But you've got to do something about Annie. She confided in me that you sleep with her. That's absurd! That girl's mind is still bent from her past. You might think seriously about giving her to the nuns. James. It's been a pleasure. Let us ride. Come on! So beautiful and long I felt that she loved me But found I was wrong She was beautiful as a butterfly And proud as a queen Why are you grinning like an idiot? Where on God's Earth did you learn that song? Mmm. I have a few surprises left, Dr. Freeman. - Ah! - Mmm. It's all right. It's okay. Freeman, I need your opinion. In my opinion, this is dead. Now, this is the bullet that killed Mary Lockwood. Could the same kind of bullet from the same kind of gun have killed McLean? That's going to take some specialized equipment. I don't think I can be certain by sight. It's an unusual bullet. Not from a Colt or a Remington. You're lucky, it's not deformed. It must not have hit any bones. Tear shaped, with a ridge at the base. Hmm. Do you have the bullet that killed McLean? Not yet. Ah. Did you find out anything about the Greek fire? Not much. Hmm. Okay, here she comes. Well, not as lucky as the first. It's deformed, it must have hit a rib. But no, see... Same shape as the first, ridge at the base. Hmm. You're right, you don't see too many bullets like this. Do you know who owns a gun that shoots this type of bullet? Which one is Detective Maguire's window? The lamp's just gone out, so he's in for the night. You stay here and wake Miller. If Maguire comes out, you follow him. If he goes anywhere out of the norm, come get me. Yes, sir! Oh, what exactly do we suspect Detective Maguire of doing? I'm not sure myself. You think you know someone. Hell. You think you know yourself, but sometimes, little Byrnes, you find that neither is true. Please don't call me little Byrnes anymore. What do you want me to call you? Phinbar's my Christian name. A right fine name it is. What's the matter with this damn beast? It seems to be lame. God damn it! We cannot afford a delay. I'll take a look. Here, I'll lend a hand. Are you all right? Yeah, this cursed leg... How fares the horse? The front shoe's come undone. Here, it's easier if we untie them first. Robert, the wagon! That's our entire stock. Months of planning, thousands of dollars. What are we going to do? It really doesn't matter. Well, at least we know it works. I'll have breakfast ready in a moment. Why don't you soak the night off? I added a little rosewater so the suits smell nice. Annie, stop. Stop what? Making this place your home, pretending to be something that you'll never be. Not to me, at least. Now, I want you in school, at Saint Brenda's convent. Are you sending me away? No, you can stay here until the nuns find the right place for you. - But, Corky, you know... - No, no more talking. Go upstairs and get out of my wife's clothes. Annie... Good morning, Detective. Maguire on the move? Yes, sir. Before dawn he was up and out. All the way to 22nd Street. He was wearing a tie and carrying flowers. To where? The Earle house, sir. The place is chock-a-block with bawdy women. Did he come out of the Earle house? About 20 minutes after he went inside. Stay here, watch after Annie. Have some breakfast, that's an order. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir. My name's Corcoran. Hello, Mr. Corcoran. Detective Corcoran. Oh. Well, what can I do for you, Detective? Earlier this morning a man named Francis Maguire entered this building. I'm sorry, Detective. We have strict regulations... What was Mr. Maguire doing here? As I was going to say, Detective, here at the Earle house, we don't... I understand, ma'am. I do. But here's the thing. I ain't leaving until I get an answer. I'll call the guard. You do what you need to do. And so will I. Guard? Guard! Now I'll ask once more. What was Mr. Maguire doing here? Seeing Mrs. Maguire. - His mother? - No. No, his wife. Mrs. Maguire. That's... That's not her. Do you not know me? You do know me. Tell me you know me. Please. Remember? Remember me? Ellen? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 