Copper: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Copper 
 s1e1 - Surviving Death - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Copper (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 1 - Surviving Death - full transcript 
 September 17, 1864. New York City is still recovering from the Draft Riots of 1863. In Five Points, the worst slum in the country, Detective Kevin Corcoran of the New York City Metropolitan Police Department's Sixth Precinct finds himself investigating the murder of a young girl that hits uncomfortably close to home. As the investigation heats up, detectives Corcoran, Francis Maguire, Andrew O'Brien, and old comrade, Doctor Matthew Freeman, must navigate the slums of Five Points and the mansions of Uptown to search for the child's killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What's your name, darling? Annie. Are you on your own? Are you on the hop? Hey! Excuse me, sir. Would you like me to pleasure you? No, child. I don't want that. Move it. Come on, let's go, boys. Move! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Go left. Go left. Go. Keep going. Right on schedule. Go, Ted, look out. Police! Drop your weapons! Jesus Christ! Don't shoot! I give up. Look, here's me gun. Fine work, Lewis. Always good to be on the right side of the law. Christ, we got to be quick. Take a fistful of coins and run. God bless you, Detective Corcoran. Corky, all right if I go have breakfast with my wife? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. This time, ask her to let you keep some of the loot. May the pox rot both your dicks. Mwah. Caught in the act, you lousy cur. When will they learn? Got you a nice new watch, Sergeant. Maguire, be on your way. Corcoran and me will watch over this money till the Captain gets here. Next time, I'll be leading the apprehension of the criminals. This war hero crap don't cut nothing with me, Corky. I had a brother like you. Too smart for his own good. Got himself knifed in the groin. Don't be too smart, boyo. All these cutthroats dead? Aye, Captain. I was just praising Detective Corcoran for a job well done. Quite a mess. You pick up the strays. You put the bags in my carriage. Sergeant Byrnes and I will return this money to the bank. You're a copper. One Jeremy Lanigan battered away till he hadn't a pound His father, he died made him a man again Left him the farm and 10 acres of ground He threw a grand party for friends and relations Who didn't forget him when come to the wall And if you would listen I'll make your eyes glisten I'll tell you the story of Lanigan's ball Six long months I spent up in Dublin Six long months doing nothing at all Six long months I spent up in Dublin Learning to dance for Lanigan's ball I stepped out I stepped in again Then I stepped out again then I stepped in again I stepped in again then I stepped out again Learning to dance for Lanigan's ball Christ! Copper. Can't you knock? You want me to knock? A little courtesy's all I'm asking. I'm not thinking courteous thoughts right now. Oh, you're an angel. Oh. What does Corcoran see in Eva? Does she remind him of his mother? I know this. She can't possibly remind him of his wife, that sweet little thing, his Ellen. Do you think she's going to come back or do you think she's gone... Stop talking about Kevin's wife. Do you understand me? Forgive me, Molly. Just don't be talking about his wife. Kevin's like my brother. A girl I know down in New Orleans wants to bring up some Creoles, open up a joint near the Fifth Avenue Hotel. It's a different world on 23rd Street. So many millionaires. Before the war, there were just a few, and now there's gaggles of them. Would you like to get rich with me, Corky? What do you mean by that? Nothing. Just a pipe dream. For your captain. Yes? There's a body in Cow Bay. - I know this girl. - She was hit down hard. You feeling all right, Kevin? Why would I be feeling all right looking at a dead child? We'll take her to O'Malley's mortuary. No. No, not yet. Help me. Here, cover her up. It's a white man. I recognize him. - Matthew! - Shh. it'll be all right. What do you want? I want to know how she died. Five dollars. - Now, look here, snowball... - Six dollars. Three now, three after. When will after be? This time tomorrow. Ten now and you're done by noon. Well, if this city had a morgue like the one in Paris... Evening to you, gentlemen. Uppity nigger. He has a right to be. During the war, he saved my hide at Chancellorsville. Ah... I knew it. I would've been there with you if it weren't for my eye. I know you would've. I'm sure they'd take you now. "GO away! "Cigar? Let's go back down to Paradise for a nightcap. I'm going to head down to the docks. Kevin. If McClaugherty's ship had come to port, we'd know. Are you certain of that? Since I came home two months ago and found an empty home, I ain't certain of anythin'. I'll walk with you, then. Francis. No, I didn't mean it. All right! Everybody, give me your attention! If you should happen to come across a distinctive gold locket engraved with the letters "E" and "C" on its face, it might have pictures of a man... Pictures of a man and a little girl on the inside. Shut up! Two months I've been living in this rat's lair, and all this time, every single day, he goes on about a goddamn locket. Enough to make a man weep! I said shut up! Detective Corcoran? Good morning, Julius. I'm to bring you to Mr. Morehouse. Corcoran's your man. He whipped the 71st Regiment into shape, and the Irish were as fiercely loyal to him as he was to me. God's truth, he had no reason to follow my sorry ass. A Harvard boy playing major? I was all theory and ideals. Detective Corcoran, sir. - Winfred Haverford. - How do you do? It is a pleasure to meet the man who cut off Robert Morehouse's leg. Cut off my leg and saved my life. A perfect, precise, clean cut. My surgeons were extremely impressed. Luck of the Irish. Always so modest, Corky. He saved my life and got himself a detective's badge. If you'd have brought me back dead, my father would've had the Mayor make you a count. Sit. How about a whiskey? No, thank you. Winfred is staging a prize fight on Staten Island. He needs a respected former pugilist, such as yourself of unimpeachable integrity, such as yourself to referee the match. And I, of course, thought of you. I always call a clean and straight fight. I promise you that. I saw you knock out Mike McCool in '58. Sixty-three rounds. God almighty, it was amazing. Well, it turns out it wasn't the real Mike McCool. If that'll be all, Major, I have business to do. There is one more item. That ship, the Gantelope, in which you're always so interested. Well, the harbormaster tells me she's due back in port any day now. With Tungus McClaugherty on board? Who knows? The bastard may have been lost at sea. Thank you. Peculiar. Stain deep in the skin, calluses. I doubt the child ever owned a pair of shoes, but she is very clean. Her scalp? Somebody even combed jasmine all through her hair. Yesterday, when I saw her at the stables, she looked like hell. Well, somebody dolled her up between then and the time of death. Her vagina was bespoiled with semen. I also examined the hymen, which was newly bruised, but the skin did not bleed, meaning she was deflowered after she was killed. She was a virgin? Yes. She offered to, uh, pleasure me for an egg yesterday. Well, she died a virgin, from a single blow to the head. This mark here, you can see it, shaped like some type of ornament. You can see it's starting to fade, so I made a sketch. Any guesses as to what the shape's supposed to be? Damned if I know, but the sketch is the actual size of the wound. Can you figure out what she was hit with? Can I? Yes. Will I? No. Today is moving day. You're moving? To where? Just up north of the new park. Carmansville. - So far away? - Not so far, now... Railroad put in a station at 157th and Amsterdam. - Even so. - Look around you, Corky. Since the riots, my people have been moving out of Five Points. My Wife? Her brothers were hung by the neck from that very lamppost. The Irish mob burned the two bodies. She never got to bury her brothers. She remembers the screams. We've all of us heard screams, Matthew. I'm off to see Dr. Grimes to verify your findings. You're not going to tell him it was me, are you? If you do, he'll deny what's in front of his eyes. I'll say what I always say. I'm the genius. And then, I'll take her to O'Malley's funeral parlor. - Oh! Watch where you're going! - Annie? Annie! Annie! Get out of the way! Move! Annie, where are you? Annie! Annie! I'll never go off with you again, ever! Annie? Hey, Annie? You got another egg for me, handsome? Who is this, Annie? Annie. Annie, look at me! Annie, who is this? - Annie! - Who do you think you are? I'm the police, you stupid bastard. Annie! Annie! Vera. Vera, come along, dear. Come. Ah. Good evening, Mr. Morehouse. Bill. Welcome, sir, to Contessa Pompadou's. Thank you. Ladies. Monsieur M. Always a pleasure. Contessa. Ah... - Monsieur Morehouse. - One minute. I have a special lady for our special guest. Come in. Andrew. You think Molly could be a wife? You think she could be capable of that? You're considering a marriage to that trollop? I don't know. Molly's got a way about her. I wonder what she'd be like if I took her away from all that chintz. And where on God's green earth would you be taking her away to? I could buy an acre, do a bit of farmin'. A month of plowing, you'd slit your own throat. All done here, Kevin. Shall we say a prayer? No. I want you two to go find Annie. Why? Why waste our time? We solve murders, Andrew. Annie may lead us to this girl's killer. And I don't want Annie or any other child to be next. Finding this girl's killer isn't going to bring your daughter back. Shut up. I'll search for Annie, Kevin. Soon as we make the collections. Captain's tax comes first. You know that. All right, you two take off. I'll track down Annie myself. Annie? Annie. Annie. It's okay. Stop it. Don't hurt me! Please! Don't kill me! Annie. Annie, I'm not going to hurt you. Annie! I'm not going to hurt you. Annie. Annie! I'm not... I'm not going to hurt you, Annie. It's okay. it's okay. When Pa died, me and my sister Kate were alone. I was begging in front of Contessa Pompadou's house. She invited me in. She was so kind. Soon, I learned the reason for her kindness. A certain kind of gentleman will pay a high price for girls my age. Ten days, I was a prisoner. Then, glancing out the window, I saw my sister was searching for me. The Contessa was standing right behind, said Kate should come live with us. I said no. The Contessa threatened to send me to Blackwell's Island... Don't worry about the Contessa. I'm going to be paying her a visit. Corky will crack her French head. I didn't want to go to Blackwell's Island. So two days ago, I saw Kate again and yelled for her to come to the house. And when the Contessa was distracted with my sister, I ran away. Was there one particular man who preferred little girls? Annie. - Answer me. - Leave her be. Molly's going to give you a hot bath in your own room. And you're going to sleep for a long time. That sound good? We're going to keep you safe until you're healthy again. So you don't have to be afraid, all right? Come along, hon. You're in a gentler joint, I promise you. General McClellan did not seek the presidency, but was forced to accept it by acclamation. Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation has put fear in the hearts of the Irish. They're terrified that the Negroes will come north and steal all their jobs. All Tammany Hall must do is get the Irish to the polls, drunk or sober. I predict McClellan will carry the city. Remarkable. So do I. Winnie, do you know how lucky you are to have wed a woman not only politically astute, but brilliantly articulate as well? That is why I imported her from England. Little good does being astute do me. Prussian ruffians and Fenian louts can mark their ballot with an X, but I, being a woman, do not have that right. How about I give you my vote? I was favoring Fremont. - Fremont? - What? Now, there's a dark horse. If your father heard that you were supporting Fremont, he would spit nails. And how do you know what my father would do? He is Norbert Morehouse, after all. Yes, he is. I'm off to New Orleans to inspect the Creoles. Through enemy lines. I've got two passes, one signed by President Lincoln, the other by President Davis. You're not the only one with fancy friends. I'll be gone a week or so. Don't use too many of the girls. You're the only one I want. I'm done upstairs with the... Why are you unpacking? Before we go, there's something I must do. Matthew. It won't take but a while. You head up to the new place with the Monroes. I'll come in a few hours. - That man Corcoran is evil. - No. He's our friend. Heyo. We're all paid up, copper. You got no business here. I just need to speak to the Contessa for a moment, Bill, about a murder. Well, anything you've got to say to the lady, I'll pass on as a service to the police. Well, this little girl, this beautiful, beautiful little girl, somebody cleaned her up, combed some oil in her hair, and then killed the poor child. Bashed her head. Now, why would somebody... Why would somebody do that, Bill? Maybe she had it coming, eh? Evening. You and me, we're going to talk about that little girl. You know everything that goes on in the bowels of that whorehouse! Tell me who killed that little girl! I've been thinking about it, Bill. If you're the kind who'd rape a little girl after you beat her to death. Why don't you unchain me, huh? Accuse me man-to-man! - Oh, man-to-man? - Aye. You want a fair fight? You're talking to the wrong fella. I didn't kill no bloody little girl! You want a boiled egg? Take one for my wife. She likes eggs. The girl was killed with a walking stick. Well, the girl's name was Kate. The head of the walking stick was made of something equal or greater in density to bone. Maybe silver, maybe ivory. "The blow was struck by a man approximately six feet tall." Bill Longin is a good six inches taller than six feet. Now who's Bill Longin? You sure about this? Couldn't someone taller have been bending down or kneeling or something? The depth and the angle would be different. Well, damn me to hell. It's all right. Shh! You didn't kill that girl. They're going to hang me for it, anyway. No one's going to hang you, Bill. Just tell me what happened at the Contessa's that night. Come on, Corky, be honest. Would you betray her trust, eh? Yes, yes, I made that cane. The head of a wolf. One of a kind. Anniversary gift. Given by who to who? I'm not at liberty to say. This is a police investigation, sir. My clientele is of the highest order. You can talk OT you can pray. Haverford. Winfred Haverford. Deliveries out back. Mr. Haverford, please. Detective Corcoran, Metropolitan Police. I will inquire. There's a Detective Corcoran here to see you. What does he want? He didn't say. Send him away. The cane belongs to Winfred Haverford. He told the Contessa that the girl fell, hit her head. But I went over the wound on her skull with a magnifying glass and made a drawing of the mark, which matches the head of Haverford's walking stick. And... Dr. Grimes at Saint Vincent's makes notice of the mark as well. Winfred Haverford. You didn't talk to any reporters? Of course not, Captain. Of course not. What a world we live in, eh, Detective? That the body of a young girl could be so brutally used and discarded so easily. Yes, sir. And, uh, with your permission... Sergeant Byrnes and I will be taking charge of this investigation. That'll be all. Admirable work, Detective. Thank you, sir. Yes. Admirable work, boyo. I know a valley fair Eileen Aroon I know a cottage there Eileen Aroon Far in that valley's shade I know a tender maid Friend of mine What can you spare? I know sometimes It gets cold in there When my legs no longer carry And the warm wind chills my bones I just reach for mother Mary Ah. Julius. Let me guess. You're going to take me to see Mr. Morehouse, aren't you? And I shall not walk alone Detective Corcoran, sir. Here's the sleuth who practices modern scientific methods of deduction. I think he's rather ingenuous, really, figuring out your walking stick was the murder weapon. Explain to the detective. Last night, Bill Longin confessed to the murder of Kate Reilly. Mr. Haverford was a victim of the panel game at the Contessa's house. Do you know how the panel game works, Detective? I know how the panel game works. I wasn't aware that the Contessa was a practitioner. We weren't aware of it because she was getting away with it. While Mr. Haverford was being, um, entertained by two lovely ladies, Longin was going through Mr. Haverford's clothes and the child interrupted. The girl screamed and Longin hit her with Mr. Haverford's stick. The case is closed, Detective. Bill Longin will hang and a fine will be levied on the Contessa. Ah, justice. Winnie was understandably quite upset to have been suspected of such a reprehensible deed. His good name and all. He wanted to have you dismissed, but Father said no. After all, you quite competently and quite discreetly gathered the evidence and presented it to your superiors to be judiciously evaluated. Father says you're to be commended. Bravo. One more item, Detective. The Contessa once told me that the girl has a... A sister, a twin, name of Annie. Where is she? I put her in the convent of St. Brenda's, with the nuns. Good. I only want what's best for the child. Thank you. If anybody comes asking about her, you fetch me right away. You can count on me, Kevin. Where you going? To see a dead man. You're dead, copper! Come here so I can break your face! Shut up, you scum! - Bill! - Bend over, Corcoran. Detective Corcoran. Come on in. Awfully sorry about this, Bill. Oh, don't be. The situation turned out to be a very good thing for me. Have a drink with me, pally. Well, ain't this a pig living in muck, eh? Yes, it is. If you'd have told me last night that we'd be sipping brandy and smoking cigars, I'd have told thee to lick my arse. Bill, I could slip you out, get you to Boston. Wouldn't be hard to do. Don't bother thyself, lad. Truth is, me liver's shot, aye. Doc: Claggett gives me less than a year. So you're just going to let them hang you for this girl's murder? Do you know what's bloody priceless? I get to live like the king of Siam for a month. Me Sophie gets $5,000. And best of all, the public gets the satisfaction of seeing someone hang for this heinous crime. The public ought to see the man who actually committed this heinous crime hang for it. Never gonna happen, copper. You know this stretch of road. Things are different for people like them than they are for people like us, and there's bloody naught we can do about it. Come on, what is it your people say? - Hey, give me some of that. - Get off. Ellen? You here to berate me for accusing your husband? I'm here for the truth. Did Winfred kill that little girl? Yes. And he had his way with her? He did. Promise me Kate Reilly's murder will be avenged. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 