Copper: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Copper 
 s1e10 - A Vast and Fiendish Plot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Copper (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 10 - A Vast and Fiendish Plot - full transcript 
 November 25, 1864. Corcoran is racing the clock to keep his life and New York City intact. Joining forces with Robert Morehouse, Eva Heissen, and the coppers of the Sixth Precinct, Corcoran prepares for his biggest fight since the Draft Riots. Doctor Matthew Freeman is forced to make a difficult decision when wife Sara takes her well-being into her own hands, placing their family at risk. Morehouse discovers the true nature of his father's involvement with his new business associates. With little time and no options, he calls upon the one person he trusts implicitly - Corcoran. The worlds of Corcoran and Morehouse collide with explosive fallout that could change the face of New York City - and the trajectory of the Civil War - forever. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I know you are a copper. There are rumors about Johnny Reb burning down the city. We're not gonna let that happen, are we? What exactly do we suspect Detective Maguire of doing? You step in, play the husband and you bed my wife, make her pregnant, and then take her to the abortion doctor. Kill me now. I killed my own daughter. Confederates are making a second attempt. This morning they're smuggling in enough Greek fire to devastate the city. I'm going to meet Kennedy and his men. You round up your boys. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's something I have to do first. Whatever it is, there's no time. All I need is a minute. A minute we don't have. Ellen. Of course. Delivery's at sunrise. Morning, Detective. Don't know if this is a good time to visit the lady, sir. It's not a visit. Oh, shit. I need a favor. Another favor. I know I don't have the right to ask. Ask anyway. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Go to my house. Watch over Ellen. Again? After you chased me out? I don't know if I'll be back. Or... When. I just need someone I can trust to keep an eye. I wish you trusted someone else every now and then. I'm trying to get some sleep here. So shut up and go back to sleep. Whoa, friend. Kennedy instructed me to meet here. You that rich boy. In the flesh. Where is he? Don't know. Ain't shown up yet. Come on, bring him in. Bring him in. Let's go! We got a schedule. Let's go, come on. Come on. Damn it, Corky, where are you? Drop 'em, you lousy greybacks! Drop those goddamn weapons! Drop 'em! Oh! Hey, Byrnes, we need live prisoners for information. Yeah? And what are they going to tell us? Won't know if they're dead. What's your name, son? Clem. Clem Cato. I'm a soldier of the Confederate army. Well, Clem, welcome to enemy territory. Is this the full shipment? Appears so. It's identical to the last batch. Christ. A heap like that'll wake snakes. Kennedy never showed. Why would the man miss his own delivery? What's it matter? Without his junk, Kennedy's plan is dead as a wagon tire. There's no need to ship the stuff by boat when we can make it right here. A little show at Spat and Dabble should keep the authorities busy. I'll say... Ten thousand, dead. She even lays there while she's awake. Staring out into absolutely nothing. Just twitching. The woman has peered through the gates of hell, Annie. Well, I peered through those gates too. You don't see me laying around, acting all batty. You're a smart girl. So I'm going to speak honest to you. You have to stop the bullshit. You are a child. That is Kevin's wife. And no amount of chicanery is gonna change that. You've been dealt a tough hand. More than most. But you've got a chance at a real life, with folks who care. You keep going down this road, you'll find yourself alone. No sign of Kennedy at his hotel. He's probably on a train back to Richmond. Does this all feel a bit too easy to you? Kennedy telling you the where and whens, these boys giving up without a fight, and Kennedy's not being there? You'd have preferred a blood bath? I'd prefer not to feel this twist in the pit of my stomach. We captured a bunch of Confederate spies, a whole slew of explosives. That's winning, Kevin. - Smile for once, enjoy it. - Yeah, I suppose so. Smile all you want, you peg-legged traitor. We've still got friends in this piss pot of a city. Y'all ain't won nothin'. As long as Captain Kennedy walks free, the South lives. Perhaps there still is some cause for concern. Any improvement? My head is swimming and my bones aching and I feel like I'm living in somebody else's body. Wretched. An active baby will make you feel uncomfortable. And that's a good sign. Good sign for what? Now, Elizabeth. Tell me true. Do you love this man Morehouse? Mr. Booth, I am not in the habit of discussing my personal affairs with an actor. I'm a star. Regardless. Did you love your husband? Winfred loved Winfred too much to share himself with me. If I am expected to speak of such intimate feelings, then so must you. Are you not in love with Miss Lucy Hale? Yes, yes, I am. In love with Miss Lucy Hale, but... Her father is an abolitionist. Part of Lincoln's cabal. A Juliet for your Romeo. Slavery is one of the great blessings that God has bestowed upon the black man. You know, Mr. Booth, I find it remarkable that the South has gone to war seeking their own independence over the notion an entire race be denied their own. If you boys were back home, huh? You'd be sipping mint juleps, bragging about how you killed some Yankees. But you ain't back home. No, you're here. In New York City, where we like to kill traitors who murder real Americans. Detective Corcoran... Oh, he's got no love for turncoats. Fought at Gettysburg, he did, lost a lot of friends there. As far as he's concerned, each and every one of you deserves to die. Give me the next one, Andrew. Yeah, sure thing. You. Stop whinin'. So unless you boys feel like telling the man what he wants to know... It's your funeral. You. No, no, no. No! Come on. No, I'll talk, I'll talk, I'll talk, I'll tell ya all. I ain't dyin' for Kennedy. Okay, spill it! I know he's got some old highbrow New Yorker workin' for him. - What's his name? - I don't know the name. Well, then you ain't no good to us. Wait, wait, wait! Hold on a sec. Hold on a sec. Kennedy's been braggin' about how he's got this rich fellow dancing like a jig doll. Man lives at 23rd Street. Yeah, what else? The delivery at Spat and Dabble was all theatrics. Greek fire is being made right here under your noses. - And? - I don't know. I swear. What do you say, Corky? Make sure that's all he knows. Captain. 23rd Street? Apparently my father is a bigger fool than I am. Ah, heavens, ain't you a lulu. Ah... Feels good? Good doesn't describe it. You've got yourself a gift, child. Oh, hello there, dear. Kevin asked if I would come over again and help out today. You mean... He wanted to make sure I didn't run off? Or hurt myself? Whatever the reason may be. Join us. How do you feel? You up for some food? Annie can make you some oatmeal. She's a very good cook. Yes. And oatmeal is good medicine. All right. I brought some spring water. Imported from England. British kings and queens have been drinking this stuff for centuries to cure their ills. Coming over here again... Looking after me and the child. Kevin's fortunate to have a friend like you. Yeah, I suppose so. I need to stop by the Campbell's. Promised I'd check on Stephen. The bitters aren't working, Matthew. I want some other cure. But there's only so much I can give you. How about some raspberry leaf tea? I don't want tea. I want medicine. I want to feel better, I want to feel like myself. - Sara... - You don't understand what this is like. Matthew. I can feel my body changing, and the blood coursing under my skin. Swelling, my mind is filled with hundreds of thoughts, popping in and out of my head, clouding everything. I don't know how I can do this. You're just overwhelmed. How can I raise a child when I abandoned my own mother? Hush now. - You know that's not the truth. - It might as well be. Your mother stayed behind so that you and your brothers could escape, - so that you could be... - She should be here with me. And if she was, she would tell you that what you are experiencing is natural. Your body is sustaining two lives now. Which means, a cold can feel like the plague and a memory like a... A storm. I'll make you that tea. Yeah, the Campbell's can wait till tomorrow. No... You should go. I'm all right now. Oh, it's no problem. I can stay. Go on. I'm fine. Storm's passed. I'll be back before you know it. Uh, while I've not been apprised of your specific targets, a proper supply of oxygen is of the utmost... It's, it's... You've done the cause a fine service, Doctor. Truly. Father's been acting oddly ever since Kennedy approached him yesterday. But I assume Kennedy's actions were designed to provoke me. And if they weren't? Father makes it his business to play every possible angle. There has to be another explanation. Adam, have you seen Father today? Uh, no, sir, I haven't. Shit. As we speak, Kennedy I fear is somewhere in this city, with enough Greek fire to slaughter New York, just as we slaughtered Atlanta. I was never in Atlanta. What's the matter? What'd that message say? It's nothing of importance. It's just some business for Mr. Morehouse Sr. Certain of that? It's regarding the sale of some textiles. Corcoran, what is it? There are a few good things I took from my time in the Union Army, Major. Morse code was among them. I could swear, I just heard that machine say... The rockets red glare. 8:30. Signed R. C. K. I just work for your father. I do as I'm told. Good. 'Cause I'm telling you to start listing off all the selected targets. Or... - I could start breaking some fingers. - No! You don't need those to operate a telegraph now, do ya? I don't remember all the targets. I just know they're hotels mostly! Bullshit! Corky, enough. Adam will tell me everything he knows. Won't you, Adam? I'll go to Katie's hotel. See if there's anything we missed. Anything that might help us pick up his trail. I'll wait for Father. Are you certain you don't want me to carry that for you, sir? What the hell is the meaning of this? Imagine my surprise when I learned that my own father, social pillar of New York, is a traitor who's ruined the Morehouse name. I have saved the Morehouse name. Honestly, Robert... I would love nothing more than to put a bullet in your treacherous little head. Trouble you've caused me and my boys. I promised Norbert here that I would not harm his son. Consider yourself a lucky man. Fortune is positively smiling down on me. You've been taking care of Kevin while I was gone? When he's needed taking care of. Like when Kevin hurt his leg. Yes, Annie. Like that. - Do me a favor? - Mmm-hmm. Take those in the kitchen and clean them. The way Kevin flew in here last night, it looked like the devil himself had taken hold. Not the devil. He just realized his wife is a monster best left locked away. Best left forgotten. I doubt he believes that. I wish he never found me. Kevin didn't have to know the truth. He could have moved on. You know him better than that. Kevin don't move on until he's ready, until he knows what he needs to know. Was Kevin... These last few months, was he happy? No. And for what it's worth... In my experience, true monsters feel no regret. What are we looking for? For the list of the places the Rebs are gonna burn. There ain't nothing here. Give me a hand. That the list? No. We're running out of time. Is Robert here yet? No, ma'am. - Did you send word? - I did. No answer as of yet, ma'am. Hmm. I'd hate to miss curtain. I wonder what's keeping him. Thank you. When you went off to war, I was both proud and disappointed. Disappointed because you've never been able to fully comprehend the purpose of this war. Spare me the justification, Father. Fetch the horses. Yes, sir. This city has burned before. It will survive. It will thrive. Whatever damage is done, however many lives are lost, it will be for the good of New York, for the good of this country. Nothing stands between us and the Pacific Ocean, and that opportunity. I know what you're thinking. I sincerely doubt that. - Standing there, judging me. - One does not judge the judge. There are times when a man is forced to make difficult decisions. I'm simply wondering when exactly you lost your last vestige of humanity. - You're just like your mother... - Was it when Mother died? No need for those horses. I see you found your father. Along with Kennedy. That explains his vacant hotel room. Mr. Morehouse... You and I are going to have a little discussion about Kennedy's plans. You have no right to interrogate me. A while ago you told Robert that I could be useful. But that I was too smart for my own good. I think you were wrong on both accounts. Feel free to shoot him in the head if he doesn't cooperate, Corky. You'd see your own father killed? There are times when a man is forced to make difficult decisions. Alistair? Call for my carriage. Oh, Sara, I'm sorry the visit took so long. Mr. Campbell was chewing my ear off. But Stephen seems to be on the mend. Sara? Is everything all right? Sara? Sara. Baby, wake up. Baby, wake up. Please? Come on, baby, come on. Baby, what did you do? Hmm? Detectives! You locate Captain Sullivan? No, sir, his housekeeper said he went to the theater. The man does love his burly shows. O'Neill, you and Callahan, head to the Belmont. Glenn, McDuffy, the Metropolitan. - I'll take Lovejoy's. - Phinbar, I need you at the St. James. Corky. Andrew, the Barnum's Museum is where the... Corky! All right, gentlemen, we've got our orders. Let's move out. You go away from me, Francis. Kevin, I... I cocked everything up. I know that. But you need me. Andrew told me what's going on. Andrew should keep his fat mouth shut, I have... Look, no matter what's happened on the job, I've always been by your side. I helped you stop the Dillingham kidnappings. Nearly lost me other eye taking down the goddamn Klewan brothers. That night at Pompadou's... I may be a low life, but I'm a damn good copper. Probably the only thing I was ever good at. I can help you, Kevin. Let me help. It is after all Mr. Shakespeare's 300th birthday. And once we've raised the funds, we'll hold a competition amongst the very best sculptors. Evening, Mrs. Haverford. You look lovely. Why, Captain Sullivan, how nice to see you. I didn't realize you were a fan of the Bard. Any other rose would smell just as sweet. Oh, quite impressive. Heavens, is Elizabeth Haverford here unescorted this evening? Mr. Morehouse appears to have been delayed. So I came alone. In that case, might I have the privilege of escorting you to your seat? Why, Captain, what a lovely offer. But as a guest of the Booth, I'll be sitting in Edward's private box. Ah, of course. Well, I suppose I should get to my seat. I hope to see you at the intermission. Enjoy the show. "Liberty! Freedom! "Tyranny is dead." "That mothers shall but smile when they behold their children "quartered with the hands of war. "All pity choked with custom of fell deeds "And Caesar's spirit, ranging for revenge, with Ate by his side "come hot from hell, shall in these confines with a monarch's voice "cry, 'Havoc,' "and let slip the dogs of war that this foul deed "shall smell above the earth with carrion men, "groaning for burial." "Revenge! About! Seek! Burn! Fire! Kill! Slay! "Let not a traitor live!" "Good friends, sweet friends, "let me not stir you up to such a sudden flood of mutiny. "That they have done this are honorable. "What private griefs they have, alas, I know not, that made them do it. "They are wise and honorable." "if that thou be'st a Roman, take it forth. "L, that denied thee gold, will give my heart. "Strike, "as thou didst at Caesar for, I know, when thou didst hate him worst, "thou lovedst him better than ever thou lovedst Cassius. "Sheathe your dagger, be angry when you will, it shall have scope. "Do what you will, dishonor shall be humor. "O, Cassius, you are yoked with a lamb "that carries anger as the flint bears fire "who, much enforced, shows a hasty spark, "and straight is cold again." "Good words are better than bad strokes, Octavius." Ladies and gentlemen, there is no cause for alarm. A small fire was discovered next door, at the Lafarge House and was quickly extinguished. The only individuals in danger this evening are the characters on the stage. To whom I might point out, the danger is not from fire, but from their own ambition. Friends, Romans, countrymen. What say we continue with the show? "In your bad strokes, Brutus, you give good words. "Witness the hole you made in Caesar's heart, crying, 'Long live! Hail, Caesar!"' "Antony, "The posture of your blows is yet unknown, "but for your words, "they rob the Hybla bees, and leave them honeyless." "Not stingless too?" "O, yes, and soundless. "For you've robbed them of their buzzing, Antony, "And very wisely threat before you sting." "Villains, "you did not so, when your vile daggers "hack'd one another in the sides of Caesar. "You show'd your teeth like apes, "and fawn'd like hounds, and bow'd like bondmen, "kissing Caesar's feet, "whilst damned Casca, like a cur, behind struck Caesar on the neck." Thank you, Alistair. What do you think you're doing here? You have to help me. I'm being hunted. I must escape the city. Now you've got plenty of money. We can make a run for it to Canada. - Start over, start a new life. - No. "No." What do you mean? You lied to me. You said it would just be Barnum's and the dogs that would burn. Late at night, when no innocent people were around. You forgot to mention the hotel as the true aim of your destruction. Our cause is just. But your means are not. Now run. I've sacrificed a great deal for this country. The leg that I lost on that battlefield was a wonderful leg. It was by far the better of the two. Due to my honorable sacrifice, and the part I played in exposing the conspiracy, the Union is eternally grateful to me. A gratitude which now means good fortune for you. Per my request, President Lincoln will not hang you for treason. You'll not even be imprisoned, Father. Thank you, son. Instead, you've been granted the distinct privilege of relocating and assisting in the recovery of Atlanta. What? Extraordinary, isn't it? An opportunity to reinvent yourself, as a small business entrepreneur. You, of course, will be given enough capital to start said business. Atlanta's a hotbed of opportunity since the city was burned by Sherman. Relish this chance, Father. I have no doubt you will flourish. You and I will not see one another again. Which as far as I'm concerned, is not long enough. Matthew. My baby! The baby's fine, the baby's fine. It's fine. You both are. - I'm sorry. - Oh, no, no, no, no. That stuff was 90% water, 10% alcohol. Mama, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Mama. You just go to sleep now, okay? You just go to sleep. We'll find your mama for you. Okay? I'm gonna take care of everything. Behold! Friends of Carmansville. The remedy to all your ailments. This here is the genuine article. An elixir, scientifically proven to cure over 31 known diseases from toothaches to lumbago, rheumatism to neuralgia. Ha! Another enthusiastic customer. You sold my wife your snake oil! You could have killed her and our unborn child. There must be some mistake! How many others have you taken advantage of? Promising false hopes, filling their stomachs with poison! - I'm a man of science! - You're a disease. If I ever catch you peddling your venom around my wife again, I will kill you. Do we have an understanding? Last night went from tragedy to bliss. Better to end in bliss. You're my first hero. When you're rich it's easy to be a hero. When you're rich it's easier to be a villain. Have you ever tried poor? Yes. Poor is tragedy. Kevin. I need you to hear me. Save your strength, you idiot. When you came back from the war, I was gonna tell you everything, I swear. But I lost my nerve. Things, they... They spun out of control. I tried to get the ledger from Grindle. But she wouldn't hand the damn thing over. We fought. I ended up killing her. Shit, Francis. If I knew she lived up on 14th Street... That's where Mary found the ledger. I went crazy. I demanded she hand the thing over, but... She refused. .111 Stuck her sister. She ended up the same way. No matter what I do, I end up killing the things I love. I'm not asking for forgiveness, Kevin. I needed you to know the entire truth. You deserve that much from me. We've all committed our share of sins. Some of them part of the job, some of them... Part of us. But you confessing now, don't make the worst go away. Out, gentlemen. This man needs surgery. Don't leave me in the hands of this quack. Just a very natural death. Think of it as part of your penance. Thank you, for watching after them. Ellen. It meant a lot to know she was safe. Don't grow accustomed. I'm a whore, not a nursemaid. It's time you tended to your family. Eva... You and I... Corky, please. There's no need to acknowledge the court on my account. I knew the day would come that our little dance would run its course. You're a remarkable woman. You're goddamn right, I am. .111 Just need to find a man who doesn't always slip off into the night. I don't know. Business partner, perhaps. The Mayor is a widower. We had some smiles, you and I. See you around, copper. I sat within the valley green I sat me with my true love My sad heart strove the two between The old love and the new love The old for her the new That made me think on Ireland dearly While soft the wind blew down the glade And shook the golden barley T'was hard the woeful words to frame To break the ties that bound us And harder still to bear the shame Of foreign chains around us And so I said the mountain glen I'll meet at morning early And I'll join the bold united men While soft winds shook the barley T'was sad I kissed away her tears My fond arm round her flinging When a foe, man's shot burst on our ears From out the wild woods ringing A bullet pierced my true love's side In life's young spring so early And on my breast in blood she died While soft winds shook the barley But blood for blood without remorse I've ta 'en at oulart hollow I've lain my true love's clay like corpse Where I full soon must follow Around her grave I've wandered drear Night, and morning early With breaking heart when e'er I hear The wind that shakes the barley 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 