The Bachelor: Season 25, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor 
 s25e1 - Episode #25.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor (2002–…): Season 25, Episode 1 - Episode #25.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ Hi. ‐ You look incredible. ‐ Thank you. You look really great. I'm Katie! Let's just hug. ‐ Hi, Katie. I can do that. ‐ Hi. Nice to meet you. ‐ Nice to meet you too. ‐ So I brought something from home... ‐ Okay. ‐ That's really special to me, and I thought I'd share it with you. You know, this pandemic was really hard for me, you know, social distancing, being alone, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and this just really got me through a lot... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And I was hoping to pass the torch to you. ‐ Stop! ‐ Vibrator? No, she did not! ‐ I strategized, and some of those girls are gonna lose their mind because they didn't plan ahead. ‐ ‐ The new season of "The Bachelor" starts right now. Hi, I'm Chris Harrison, and welcome to a new season of "The Bachelor." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And by new, I mean really new. It's a new year, we're in a new and spectacular location, and most importantly, we have a new Bachelor whom Bachelor Nation is about to meet for the very first time. His name is Matt James, and he wasn't on "The Bachelorette." He wasn't in "Bachelor in Paradise." In fact, he wasn't on any television show ever. But as the saying goes, when you know, you know, and when we first met Matt, we knew we had to make him the Bachelor, and it turns out, we weren't the only ones feeling that way. After announcing Matt as our Bachelor, we received a record‐breaking number of submissions from women who wanted to date this handsome guy. Never before in the history of "The Bachelor" has there been such intense interest in one man. So who is Matt James, and what's he all about? Well, just as the women will have to find out who Matt really is, so will we, but the women aren't here yet, so here's a sneak peek. ‐ My name's Matt James, I'm 28 years old, and I'm the Bachelor. ‐ Nice. ‐ Weird to say. Still weird to say. ‐ Yeah. I love that smile, man. ‐ I would've never thought that this was in my cards. I grew up in North Carolina, but now I'm a commercial real estate broker in New York City. When I'm not doing that, I'm working with kids in the inner city, trying to expose them to different experiences in their neighborhood. 50% of the kids that we work with are homeless. They've never done these different things that we all take for granted. How was it? ‐ It was good. ‐ It was good? ‐ It was so awesome. ‐ We'll take them to our favorite restaurants and some sort of fun fitness activity. Great job, great job. I love working with kids, and it's been one of the best experiences of my life. I've been waiting all year for this moment. Flying over Nemacolin, it's beautiful. What a perfect place to fall in love. I'm grateful for this opportunity... And that's what's humbling about being here. The way that I view life is nothing happens by chance, and everything is a blessing. From the moment I found out that I was gonna have the opportunity to potentially meet my wife, it's been a mix of emotions. I'm nervous and I'm anxious because it feels real. It feels real now. This is crazy. Come on. That was a joke. Are you serious? Wow. Oh! Oh! Ow. Well, it's still comfortable, though. I grew up with my mom and my older brother, John. My dad's Black, my mom's white, and it wasn't something that I saw as out of the normal. Unfortunately, my parents split up before I could remember. It was hard growing up in a single‐parent home, but my mom raised us in a Christian household, and that foundation was everything for me. I've seen all the sacrifices that my mom had made in my life. She put aside everything so that I would have opportunity to be a man that she knew I was capable of being. You look good, Ma. ‐ You do too. ‐ My mom did a great job, but growing up in a single‐parent home, I feel like I missed out on a lot of what it takes to be in a good relationship. In the past, I've struggled with opening up and being vulnerable. ‐ When do you think you were last vulnerable? It's been a while. ‐ It's been‐‐ It's been a while. ‐ ‐ It's been a while, yeah. Anytime it gets to that point where you need to take the next step, I've kind of fallen back just because I've seen everything that's happened with you and Dad. ‐ Mm. Is there one thing that you fear more than anything else? ‐ Just having my heart broken, you know? But as I'm getting older, like, there's never gonna be that perfect situation. There's gonna be ups and downs, but I'm gonna embrace it, so... ‐ What happened to make you decide that maybe you don't have to have everything in place? ‐ Nothing‐‐we live in‐‐ ‐ You may not ever... have everything. ‐ Yeah, look at 2020. Like, it's just like, nothing you ever plan on, it doesn't go according to plan. The perfect love story is your love story. Like, the perfect life is the one you live. Like, there's no perfect family. ‐ It's just, whatever your family is, it's perfect, and you just make the most of it and care for each other. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You said something that was kind of neat. You said you don't want to have your heart broken, which gives me hope in that you must think that there's gonna be somebody out of these women that can break your heart. You feel like this process could work. ‐ I think it can. ‐ I feel like you are ready, and I want the best for you. I want you to meet your one and only. ‐ Thank you for coming, Mom. ‐ I love you so much. ‐ I love you too. The strongest love I have are for my friends and family, and I'm ready to share that with somebody else, you know? It was something that I reflected on during quarantine. Figuring out life with somebody isn't a bad thing, and I'm done making excuses for stuff. Personally, I know what I want, and I know what I'm looking for. Someone who's weathered storms, who's resilient, who's strong. It's a partnership. I've got so much hope in this process because I've seen it work. When I meet these women, I'm gonna be ten toes on the ground and ready to give them everything. I'm ready to start that next chapter in my life... And nothing can stop me. Matt! ‐ It's time for the adventure to start. ‐ Matt, I'm here! ‐ Wow. She is beautiful. ‐ That is so cute. ‐ Who's gonna top that? ‐ It's impossible to figure out what's gonna happen next. ‐ The queen has arrived, bitches! ‐ Wow. Okay. ‐ It looks like you got your hands full. ‐ What? ‐ Welcome back to the exciting premiere of "The Bachelor." You've now gotten your first look at Matt James, and judging from the overwhelming response we received from women all over the country, I'm sure this season will be filled with a lot of drama, tears, and hopefully a lot of love. So who are the women that Matt's gonna meet for the first time right here tonight? Well, before he arrives, let's take a look. ‐ Ah! The best sound. ‐ I'm shook. I still don't believe it's real. ‐ Matt, see you soon. Mwah. ‐ I'm officially on my way to go find love. ‐ I can't stop smiling. I can't stop just being ready for this. ‐ We are here at Nemacolin. I'm all good to go, quarantined. I'm speechless. ‐ This is so pretty! ‐ So I didn't know what to expect, but I sure as hell did not expect this. ‐ I'm definitely a perfectionist, and the thing that I do love about ballet is that ballet's so meticulous, and you always strive to be perfect, and so you're always constantly working to be better. Matt is tall, dark, and handsome. Very chiseled body. Looking at him, I'm like, "Yeah, he's definitely my type." He's very handsome, so he's my type. I know that he works with kids. That's something in a spouse that I definitely am looking for, because not only am I a professional ballerina, I'm also a ballet teacher. I love being around kids, and I can't wait to have kids one day. ‐ My name's Abigail, and I'm from Portland, Oregon. So I was born completely deaf. So if I take my cochlear implant off, I can't hear anything. It's kind of an awkward thing to bring up, like, on a first date, and so it's just like, "Hi, nice to meet you. Let me, like, overshare this one thing really quick." I mean, I love when people ask me questions about it. I think it makes me feel better. But I am really excited to meet Matt. I've heard that he's really nice, he's really engaging, like, he'll be interested in having a conversation, and he just seems very grounded. ‐ Matt, I'm here! I feel like there's like a version of everybody that they don't always show to everybody. You know, I'm a lawyer, and you have to always be on your A‐game, and there's a certain level of professional that you have to be, and so, you know, sometimes it's just like, "I just wanna go out." I do love a rooftop bar. I do love a good drink. I do love a good, you know, Cardi B, Megan Thee Stallion song. Like, you gotta let it out sometimes. So I need them to let me out of this room, like, today. ‐ Hi, Matt. I am so glad you are the Bachelor. I am originally from Ethiopia. I was born and raised there. I just moved to United States nine years ago to get my doctorate in pharmacy. I graduated last year, actually. Matt, like, he's really amazing guy. You know, he has the most important qualities that I like in a man. He has them. He is kind, respectful, and works hard. I am super ready to be in love and to meet my future husband. ‐ How bougie is this? Silk robe, white bed, room service if I want it. So I'm actually like a caffeine fiend‐‐ well, I used to be. I'm a little better now. I work in advertising as a copywriter, and then at night, I work at a bar. Like, I've always been known as kind of bubbly. I think it comes from the caffeine, but... Huh! Matt James is, like, 1,000 on the hot scale, and like, I'm totally, like, chill about this whole situation until I start thinking about it too much, and then I'm like, "Holy." And then I get a rash. ‐ Room service? Yes. Can you please send Matt James to room 511? I'm a broadcast journalist. I worked at a TV station in Palm Springs. We've all heard it before, and it may sound cliche‐‐ "Turn around, don't drown." I'd always been so career‐focused, but then taking a step back to move home and be a caregiver was the best decision I could've ever made. My dad has ALS, Lou Gehrig's disease. I was 19 when we got that diagnosis, and it was completely shocking. Like, how do you wrap your head around that your dad has a terminal illness? Fortunately, he's still alive, and he's still in good spirits. ‐ I am so grateful for my wonderful friends and family. ‐ My parents are just such amazing role models for commitment and loyalty and just how to love one another. That's like all you would ever want. You know, that's what I want to find with Matt. ‐ Today is my final day of quarantine. The anticipation is so real. Matt, I can't wait to meet you. ‐ Yay! How soon is too soon to be wearing white? ‐ Tonight is the night I actually get to meet Matt. I am very excited. A little bit nervous. ‐ I feel like he is top‐tier. Matt James. That diversity, seeing yourself represented on‐screen, as any person of color, you don't always get that. I'm just really excited to take that leap with Matt. ‐ Ready or not, here I come. ‐ Game time, ladies! ‐ Yes! ‐ Tonight's the night. There's nothing keeping me from heading to the chateau right now to meet these women. My heart's about to burst out of my chest. I'm, like, super nervous. It builds up to this moment when you've been thinking about it in isolation just waiting for everyone to get here. It's like I'm finally allowing myself to feel all those emotions I've been kind of suppressing. I don't know how to put it into words, how I feel about what's about to happen. There's a person out there for everybody, and I've been waiting for a long time. Appreciate you. It's happening. I've got game‐time jitters. In a matter of moments, I could very well meet the woman that I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with. ‐ Welcome back, Bachelor Nation. You've met Matt, and you've met the women that have traveled here from all across the country. Now it's time for them to meet each other. I'm pretty sure we're gonna see some romantic sparks fly right out of the limo, but first, here he is, our new Bachelor, Matt James. ‐ ‐ Matt James. ‐ What's going on, Chris? ‐ Really good to see you. ‐ Likewise. ‐ Damn, you're tall. ‐ ‐ I mean, jeez. ‐ No, I get that. ‐ How you feelin'? ‐ Feels surreal... ‐ Yeah. ‐ To finally be in this moment, meeting these women getting out of the limo, I'm starting to feel it; It's starting to feel real. ‐ You're new to all this. You're new to "The Bachelor." ‐ Never‐‐you know, I never went on "The Bachelorette." I had intentions of doing that, but being in this spot now, I feel like I'll be able to relate to these women just as we're both going through this for the first time, so... ‐ So? Deep breath. The first limo is about to pull up. It's time to meet the ladies. ‐ Oh, my gosh! ‐ Oh, my God, I am so fricking nervous now. ‐ We got this. We got this. ‐ ‐ Matt, good luck. ‐ You know, this is my first time doing this. I'd love to ask you a few things before they got here, if that's okay. ‐ You don't want to meet the ladies yet? ‐ I do, but I'd love to ask you a few things. Is that‐‐is that okay? ‐ Absolutely. - Let's go inside and chat. - Let's do it. ‐ Step in my château. ‐ ‐ We had this place built last year, just a little knock‐around place. ‐ ‐ It's pretty spectacular, right? ‐ Yeah, I've never seen this many chandeliers before. ‐ ‐ Wow. Thank you. ‐ Grab a seat. Well, I sense that you're nervous. ‐ Yeah, I am. ‐ I sense that you're kind of apprehensive about all of this, so what is it? What's making you so nervous? ‐ I, uh‐‐I've‐‐ I've thought about this since I found out that I was gonna be coming out here, what I would say to these women, what I was‐‐ how I'd carry myself, how I'd go about the whole experience, and when you get out here and you see that red carpet, everything kind of changes. ‐ It's intimidating. ‐ It's super intimidating. Having never experienced the Bachelorette side, I just wanted to kind of get your take on what to expect, especially night one. ‐ There's a phenomenal chance that you're gonna meet the woman of your dreams. You're gonna be engaged. I know it's crazy to think. You just stepped out of the limo, you've never done this before. ‐ I just got here! ‐ I know. It sounds crazy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ But it's true. If you are genuine and honest about this and you give it a shot, you will find out if this works, and we're gonna go through it all, man. There's gonna be times when you wanna choke me out. And you want‐‐you know, you're mad, and you're‐‐ ‐ Yeah. ‐ But that's the point, man. If you're not emotional about this, then you're probably not doing it right. ‐ Another thing I wanted to talk to you about was... pressure that I've put on myself just being the first Black Bachelor. ‐ In what way? ‐ You know, it's like... people want you to end up with a certain type of person... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And... I get that. ‐ What does that mean? ‐ So my mom is white, and my dad's Black, and I experienced what it was like to be a product of an interracial marriage, and it's tough, because you've got people who have certain views, old‐school views, and what a relationship and what love looks like, and you've got people who are cheering for you to find love, and then you've got people who are cheering for you to end up with a specific person, a specific person of a specific race. ‐ I see. ‐ That's something that‐‐ that kept me up at night. It's like, I don't want to piss off Black people, I don't want to piss off white people, but I'm both of those, you know what I mean? It's like, how do I please everybody? ‐ That's a lot to carry. ‐ It's a lot. ‐ The most important thing is, if you come out of this with joy, peace, love, and you have this amazing woman who shares those things... ‐ That'd be a dream come true, and that's what I'm looking for. This is the first time I've dove into any type of relationship like that, and never with 30 women, so... ‐ Well, have you ever been in love? ‐ You know, I thought I had been in love, and the older I've gotten, my thoughts and views on what love is has changed. That's taken a lot of self‐reflection. I didn't grow up in the perfect of situations. ‐ Yeah. ‐ A lot of the things that my mom dealt with is kind of how I've maneuvered the dating world in terms of how her relationship with my father affected my relationship with women, and anytime I've gotten super close with a woman, and you're getting to that point where it's like, "Should I say I love you? Is he gonna say he loves you?" I kind of feel myself backing up... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Because, again, I've seen how being vulnerable in the past has led to just heartbreak and letdown. But part of this process for me is gonna be letting my guard down and letting my wall down, and knowing what I know now and what it means to love and be loved, I think I'm ready to offer that to somebody. I've been running from it for a long time, and I'm done running. ‐ They call it a leap of faith for a reason. ‐ Right. ‐ You gotta jump. ‐ Right. ‐ So, with that said, Matt, it's time to be the Bachelor. You feel better? ‐ I feel better. ‐ Okay. Wanna go meet the women? ‐ I'm ready. ‐ Let's go. ‐ Let's do it. Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt! ‐ One of these women could be my wife. ‐ There's a lot of really amazing women here. ‐ Get your game face ready! ‐ I'm impressed. ‐ Everybody has something to bring to the table. ‐ I brought something from home. ‐ What is it? ‐ ‐ No, she did not! ‐ So here we are, man. ‐ I got chills, Chris. ‐ You okay? ‐ I don't‐‐I‐‐ ‐ Come here. Come here, man. ‐ I'm at a loss for words! ‐ Come on, man, loosen up. ‐ It's like... I don't know how to prepare for this, so I'm just gonna try to be myself, and hopefully that‐‐ that works out for me. ‐ In the next 20 minutes, you could meet your wife. ‐ ‐ And you said you've never been in love. ‐ I haven't. ‐ My job is to change that. ‐ Let's do it. ‐ All right. It is happening, and in fact, first limo pulling up right now. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Matt, good luck, my friend. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Let the journey begin. ‐ Thank you. Oh, boy. ‐ He looks so handsome. ‐ This is crazy. It's happening, and I'm extremely nervous. What did I get myself into? Matt! ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ How are you? ‐ How you doing? ‐ I'm nervous. ‐ Likewise. ‐ How are you? ‐ I'm doing well. What's your name? ‐ Good. I'm Bri. ‐ Bri? ‐ Yes. What's your name? ‐ Nice to meet you. I'm Matt. ‐ So I've heard so much about you, and everyone speaks so highly of you, and I don't say that to make you nervous, but just know that I am here for this opportunity to get to know you. ‐ I appreciate that. ‐ Thanks. ‐ Thank you. I hope I don't let you down. ‐ Nice meeting you. ‐ Look forward to getting to catch up inside. ‐ I'll see you inside. ‐ Wow. She was incredible. Off to a great start. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hello. ‐ Oh, my gosh. I'm in trouble. ‐ You made it. ‐ I made it. I don't know how, but... ‐ Can I give you a hug? ‐ You are more good‐looking in person. Oh, my God. ‐ ‐ I'm so nervous. Can you feel me shaking? ‐ Yeah, I'm feeling it a little bit, too, though. ‐ Okay, good. I just wanted to say that you are the reason I'm here, and I love that we get to do this whole thing for the first time together, and I think that you and I are gonna have a lot of fun together. ‐ You think so? ‐ Yes. Definitely. ‐ I think so too. ‐ All right. It was so good meeting you. ‐ Likewise. ‐ I'll see you inside. ‐ I'll see you inside. She was beautiful. Wow. ‐ Hello, handsome. ‐ How you doing? ‐ Hi. I'm Sarah. ‐ Let me get a hug. ‐ Nice to meet you. ‐ You look great. ‐ Whew, I just wanna, like, take a moment to let this all, like, soak in. ‐ ‐ Just, like, say how grateful I am to be here and to meet you in person and call this place home for the next couple weeks, hopefully. ‐ It's crazy, isn't it? We're here now, right? ‐ It's so crazy. I know, at least for me, I'll be, like, missing home a little bit, like, feeling a little homesick... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Away from friends and family, but I'm hoping one day home will feel like it's with me. ‐ I like that. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Nice to meet you. I'll see you inside. ‐ Nice to meet you as well. ‐ All right. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ ‐ How you doing? ‐ Oh, my gosh. I'm great. How are you? ‐ You look incredible. ‐ My name is Jessenia, and I'm so excited that you're the Bachelor, and really what I'm looking for in a partner is someone who can be my rock, just like I would be for them, so... ‐ I love that. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Oh, gosh. Long time coming, for sure. ‐ Yes, ma'am. ‐ ‐ Hi. ‐ Hey. How you doing? ‐ Good. How are you? ‐ You look incredible. ‐ Thank you. Nice to meet you. ‐ Nice to meet you as well. ‐ So everyone knows you're making history as the first Black Bachelor, and I'm just really excited to get to know you, and hopefully, we can make history together. ‐ I like that. What was your name? ‐ Chelsea. ‐ You look great. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I'm‐‐I'm really happy you're here. ‐ Thanks. ‐ I'll see you inside? ‐ Yes. See you soon. ‐ Wow. She is wearing that dress. ‐ Hi. ‐ How you doing? ‐ I'm Mari. ‐ Can I get a hug? ‐ Nice to meet you. Yeah. ‐ Good to see you. ‐ Good to see you too. ‐ How you feeling? ‐ Good. A little nervous, but I'm ready. They say that love makes the world go round, and even though we can't travel the world right now, I'm looking forward to this journey with you and seeing where in the world we end up together. ‐ Me too. ‐ I'll see you inside. ‐ Likewise. You ever meet somebody and you just don't know what to say? That was that moment. Trying to be smooth, but you can't sometimes. Wow. ‐ Hey! I'm Mari. ‐ Mari. ‐ Hi. ‐ How was meeting Matt? ‐ I was, like, super nervous on my way out of the limo, but as soon as I got up there, I was just like... ‐ Yeah. ‐ He seemed like he was kind of nervous too. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah! ‐ And that made me feel better. ‐ I was like‐‐I was shaking, and I could feel that he was shaking. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So we were both shaking. ‐ If he's nervous, I think he's handling it really well. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Okay. I'm, like, so nervous. ‐ My heart is racing a mile a minute, and like, I'm trying to come across as like I got it all together, but I really don't. ‐ Oh, my God. What a stud! ‐ He is so handsome. ‐ And I'm trying to breathe because it keeps me in control. ‐ My name is Mearg Tareke, but you can also call me Magi. ‐ Okay. ‐ I came all the way from Ethiopia just to meet you. ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm honored. ‐ Pleasure is all mine. ‐ I feel like I'm more nervous than the women, and everything I thought I was gonna say or how I thought I was gonna act just, like, completely went out the window. ‐ My mom knew I was really, really nervous... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And so she sent me some lavender from her garden. ‐ Oh, okay. ‐ And I figured I could give you some just as, like, a little good luck charm. ‐ That would be great. They're super confident, and they're bringing it, and I'm just trying to keep up, you know? ‐ I just have to let you know, you are... the hottest human being I have ever met! ‐ ‐ I'm so excited it's you. ‐ I'm happy you're here. You're meeting a million different people, you're trying to remember everything. It's‐‐it's impossible. ‐ The verdict is in, and you have been found so guilty of being incredibly fine. ‐ Nothing is normal about this process, and nothing can prepare you for it. ‐ I got you a little survival kit. ‐ Okay. ‐ I got, like, a little stress ball... ‐ Love that. ‐ 'Cause I know this can be stressful. ‐ Yep. ‐ And I know some girls might give you, like, a little red flag here or two, so just, like, stick 'em in their hair or something. ‐ If I wasn't serious about the process, then I wouldn't be nervous, so I'm just trying not to mess this up. I mean, it's a lot of pressure on you just to deliver. What's going on? ‐ Hi. ‐ You took your own wheels tonight, huh? ‐ Yeah, you know, gotta drive up in style. ‐ I like that. ‐ Hi. ‐ How you doing? ‐ Good. I'm Khaylah. ‐ I'm Matt. ‐ Nice to meet you. ‐ Nice to meet you too. You cr‐‐so you pulled up in this nice whip. ‐ I know, and she's a tricky one... ‐ I'm like, "Who is that? How‐‐ ‐ She's a tricky one, but I got it. ‐ You look great, too. ‐ Thank you. I rolled up in a pickup truck because I want it to be that reminder for him of home. She's old... ‐ Now, where are you from? ‐ But she's still kicking. North Carolina. ‐ You're from North Carolina? Oh, okay. Khaylah's beautiful, and she's a North Carolina girl. Is that stick, or is it automatic? ‐ It's stick. ‐ All right. Respect it. ‐ Put some respect on my name. ‐ Hey, I respect that. ‐ Okay? ‐ Anytime you find common ground with someone, it kind of puts you at ease. ‐ 1,000 times less nervous. ‐ I'm starting to catch my stride. I'm relaxing. I'm coming into who I am in myself, and as this process continues, I'll step into it more and more. ‐ How are you? ‐ Good. You look incredible. ‐ Thank y‐‐ Ooh, ooh! ‐ You're good. ‐ Okay. ‐ Everyone's just as nervous as I am, and it's very comforting. ‐ Oh, my God, it's been five seconds, and I'm already trippin' off you. What the hell? ‐ Hey, I like that. I mean, there's no perfect way to go about this, because none of us have ever done it before, and because of that, it's gonna make it unique and special. ‐ So my name's Serena... ‐ Okay. ‐ And I heard that you're very tall, and I'm only 5'2", so I brought a little something to help me get on your level. ‐ I like that, I like that. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Oh! Oh. ‐ Oh! ‐ It's a step stool. ‐ Are you kidding me? I almost did that. ‐ That is so cute. ‐ I think we've got a very dynamic group of women, and we're all trying to make a good impression on Matt. ‐ Oh, wow. I'm impressed. ‐ Everyone wants to stand out and do something that Matt is gonna remember. Like, that's the name of the game, you know? ‐ I think you are the greatest of all time. ‐ Thank you. ‐ And I hope you'll also think that I'm... the "goat." Everybody has something to bring to the table, so I hope he remembers those, at least, but it's pretty memorable, right? ‐ Will you hold this? Okay. You're gonna take this end, and I'm gonna take this end... ‐ Wait. ‐ What is she doing? ‐ Oh! ‐ They kissed. ‐ Excuse me. ‐ Whoa! ‐ ‐ It was, like, face‐to‐face there. ‐ Nice to meet you. ‐ Nice to meet you too. I'm happy with what I did. It was playful. It was cute. It was a way to break the ice. ‐ I don't even know what to say about that. ‐ I didn't want to stick my tongue down his throat. You know, I like to save a little bit for the imagination. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Oh, man. ‐ Well, hello. ‐ What? ‐ Wait. ‐ What is it? ‐ It looks like you got your hands full. ‐ Is she wearing lingerie? ‐ Yes. ‐ She is not. ‐ Holy. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ My God. ‐ My name is Kaili. I'm gonna give you a hug. ‐ Hi, Kaili. ‐ ‐ Hello. ‐ Hi. ‐ It's so great to finally meet you. ‐ Likewise. ‐ My name is Kaili. I'm gonna give you a hug. ‐ Hi, Kaili. ‐ I've been sitting in my hotel room all day trying to figure out what to wear, and I realized I don't know anything about you, so... ‐ ‐ What better opportunity to figure out what you like than to ask for your opinion on what I should wear? ‐ Oh, my God. That's ballsy. ‐ ‐ Yeah, that's a word for it. ‐ I mean, I think you'd look great in anything you wear, but I kind of like the strapless. ‐ Okay. ‐ Yeah, I like that. ‐ I mean, like, she is literally in bra and underwear. ‐ At least she has a robe on. ‐ Well, I'm looking forward to seeing you in that inside. ‐ Likewise. I will see you soon. ‐ Take care. Wow. Damn. I appreciate anybody going out of their way to make a gesture. You gotta love a woman with confidence. Walking up in your lingerie, like, you own that. Like, I love that you did that. ‐ Hi, friends, hi! ‐ ‐ I'm Kaili. ‐ Work it! ‐ Please help me choose a dress. Here we go. ‐ What is going on? I've never felt more un‐sexy in my life when there's lingerie and, like, all these sexy dresses, and I'm in goat feet. ‐ An impression is an impression. ‐ A girl just walked into here naked. Like, it's a party now. Like, whatever. ‐ I know, right? ‐ Oh, my God! Matt! ‐ Hi. ‐ How's it going? ‐ Good. How are you? ‐ I'm doing well. ‐ I'm Abigail. ‐ I'm Matt. ‐ Matt, nice to meet you. Oh, my God, I'm, like, shaking. - I'm so nervous. - ‐ Don't be. ‐ So there's something a little bit different about me. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And that is I'm deaf. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ So I'm gonna be reading your lips a lot tonight. ‐ Okay. ‐ But thankfully, you have really beautiful lips. ‐ ‐ So I'm not complaining. ‐ I love that. I'm gonna enunciate for you. I'm gonna make‐‐ ‐ I love that. ‐ ‐ I appreciate that. Well, I can't wait to talk to you more inside. ‐ Likewise. ‐ Awesome. Thanks, Matt. ‐ I'll see you in there. She is gorgeous. I'm blown away. Meeting these women is just reassurance and why I came out here, and I'm just trying to be as present and in the moment as possible so that I can take it all in. ‐ I'm super excited to be here. I'm blessed to be in front of you right now, and I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you. ‐ It's humbling, you know, to think that the women who are here wanted to be here because they knew I was gonna be here. ‐ I honestly just want to let you know that I feel like everything in my life has brought me here to meet you. ‐ That doesn't go unnoticed by me, and I really appreciate them. ‐ I think this is crazy. ‐ Did you ever think you'd be here? ‐ No. ‐ I'm the luckiest guy alive right now. ‐ I just want you to know I don't settle for anything in my life, and I'm glad I haven't, because if I did, I would not be about to take this journey with you. ‐ I'm very hopeful because I've met a lot of incredible women that I can see a future with. ‐ My dad always wanted my sisters and I to keep our last name, which is James. ‐ Wow. ‐ So I am very happy to be meeting you. ‐ The reason I came out here was to find my wife, and there's a long way to go, but it's gonna be a great ride. I thought that was a pizza car. All right. Oh, man. This should be interesting. ‐ Oh,. ‐ ‐ So that didn't go as planned. Hold on. One second. First impressions are everything, and like, things just blew up in my face, but that's life, though. One door doesn't open, go to the next, right? I know this is cheesy, but... the fastest way to a man's heart is through their stomach, so this is my gift to you. ‐ I love it. ‐ You just have to laugh at yourself. Sometimes that stuff is just funny, and there's definitely gonna be a lot more laughs to come, so... ‐ ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. You look incredible. ‐ Thank you. You look really great. ‐ Let me help you up. ‐ Thank you so much. Wow. I'm Katie! Let's just hug. ‐ Hi, Katie. I can do that. ‐ Hi. Nice to meet you. ‐ Nice to meet you too. ‐ So I brought something from home... ‐ Okay. ‐ That's really special to me, and I thought I'd share it with you. You know, this pandemic was really hard for me, and this just really got me through a lot... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And I was hoping to pass the torch to you. ‐ But after seeing how you look and knowing that the Fantasy Suite is so far away, I actually might need it just for, like, a little bit longer. ‐ A vibrator? ‐ Stop! ‐ A vibrator? No, she did not! ‐ I'll see you inside. ‐ I will see you inside. ‐ ‐ ‐ Has she been using it all of quarantine? ‐ Stop. ‐ Pulled out a freakin' lightsaber. ‐ I strategized, and some of those girls are gonna lose their mind because they didn't plan ahead. ‐ What's behind your back? ‐ Oh, um, well, this is, um... ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ My friend. ‐ Oh, my‐‐that is your friend? ‐ Yes. It's very nice, and it's sparkly. It dressed for the occasion tonight. ‐ Wait‐‐ ‐ Do you have a name for it? ‐ Um, no, I don't have a name. ‐ You should name it. ‐ Well, we should name it. ‐ MJ. ‐ MJ. ‐ No. No, no, no, no, no! Wait. ‐ Stop, is your name MJ? Oh, my gosh! ‐ It's an iconic name. Like, it deserves it, honestly, at this point. ‐ Damn, this is crazy. The night's already pretty weird with all these girls coming in, doing all of these gimmicks... ‐ Oh, man. ‐ ‐ And some girls that, like, had something planned and then it didn't go as planned... ‐ ‐ I brought something for you. ‐ Nice. ‐ Can you catch? ‐ I can. ‐ Ahh! ‐ Oh! This thing is kind of heavy, though. ‐ So I am wondering if the night's gonna get weirder... ‐ So I know you're probably nervous 'cause there's a million people in the stands, but you don't have to worry, 'cause you've got your number one fan. ‐ ‐ But I'm pretty confident the answer is yes, it's gonna get frickin' weird. ‐ I've been dying to ask you a question. ‐ Uh‐oh. ‐ Can I put my balls in your mouth? ‐ He's laughing so hard. ‐ Does she have something in her hand? ‐ Take a little bite. All right. So what do you think of my balls? ‐ Not bad. ‐ They're my meatballs! ‐ ‐ I feel like, as the night progresses and more women arrive, like, things get crazier and crazier. ‐ Yeah. ‐ It's like one‐upping each other. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Okay. ‐ One brought a dildo. "Oh, yeah? Well, I came in lingerie." ‐ ‐ Who's gonna top that? ‐ Ooh. Damn. Wow. ‐ ‐ Shoot... ‐ What kind of car is that? ‐ That looks like a really nice car. ‐ Hi, Matt. ‐ Hi. ‐ So nice to meet you. ‐ Likewise. You look incredible. ‐ So I thought... the limo was giving me a little bit of a rideshare vibe... ‐ Okay. ‐ And I thought, "It's night one. Let me at least order my own car." ‐ I like that. ‐ Um, yeah, so I'm Kit, and K‐I‐T stands for "keep in touch," and I would love if you would find me inside. ‐ I will not have a problem finding you inside. ‐ I love being the center of attention, and I feel like I set the gold standard with the Bentley. I think if you're not going big with your entrance, then you're definitely wasting your time. ‐ Oh, man. ‐ Oh, there he is. ‐ Wait. Hold on. What's‐‐ I see someone sparkly being carried in. ‐ Ooh. ‐ There's another girl. ‐ Well, that's a bit dramatic. ‐ Oh. ‐ ‐ She has a tiara on, friends. ‐ She definitely sparkles. ‐ Is this like Cinderella vibes? ‐ Thank you so much. Hello. ‐ Hi. How you doing? ‐ Good. ‐ What an entrance. ‐ So I'm Victoria, like the queen. ‐ I see that. ‐ And I'm looking for a king with a good heart. So I heard that's you, King Matt. ‐ ‐ Queen Victoria is here. I know I'm so confident and I'm so fun, and I know I made a good impression, so I just want to, like, put my best foot forward. Ah! ‐. You good? ‐ I'm good. It's all good. He's so sexy, and my nerves caught up to me. It's a lot to handle, but, you know, I am the queen of this kingdom. The grand finale, save the best for last. The "yes, queen!" The queen has arrived, bitches! ‐ Ooh, okay. What was your name? ‐ Victoria. ‐ Okay. ‐ Yes! ‐ Queen Victoria, basically. ‐ Yes. ‐ Queen Victoria. Look at this. ‐ I thought that there was gonna be competition, for sure... ‐ So I'm Victoria, like the queen. ‐ Oh. ‐ But you can be the queen of your little thing, but, like, no. I'm the president, king, CEO. ‐ Okay, well, I'm ready to, like, talk to him. Like, get this show on the road. ‐ I know. ‐ When is he coming? ‐ I don't know, I keep being like, "Where is Matt?" ‐ Can I have everyone's attention, please? ‐ Yes! ‐ Oh, boy. ‐ Tonight is gonna be a long and hard night... ‐ Yeah. ‐ We love that. ‐ But we need to remember to have fun. So let's cheers to Matt tonight and making new friends. Cheers. ‐ I gotta find out who Miss James is. It's not gonna be easy. ‐ Everyone is out to impress Matt. ‐ The First Impression Rose is on the table. ‐ At this point, I'm almost expecting it. ‐ I know I made a good impression. ‐ That's bold. ‐ Go big or go home. ‐ Why would it not be mine? ‐ ‐ In a season full of drama... ‐ All my worst insecurities are coming out. ‐ ‐ ‐ I feel like I'm losing my mind. ‐ I'm about to explode. ‐ You okay? ‐ No. ‐ ‐ No, I'm not. ‐ I was so nervous, but he's so calming. When he talked to me and holding my hands, okay. ‐ He's almost, like, larger than life too. Like, walking up to him... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And, like, hearing his name for so long. ‐ Yeah. ‐ He's even hotter in person. ‐ He is even hotter. ‐ 10 out of 10. He is the perfect Bachelor I've ever seen. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Matt, you just met 32 women. ‐ It doesn't make my job any easier, but I'm very excited. ‐ The way these women showed up tonight, they're ready. ‐ I think I'm ready too. ‐ All right, about to send you inside, but before you do, I want to let you know that I will be bringing in the first rose that you'll be handing out. ‐ Okay. ‐ It's a First Impression Rose. So you should give that to the one woman that just really blew you away. Maybe it was out here. Maybe it's after you have a conversation inside. For whatever reason, you definitely want to keep her around. ‐ Okay. ‐ By giving her that rose, she is safe. ‐ I've got my work cut out for me. ‐ You ready to go inside? ‐ Let's do it. ‐ Because you're not gonna find your wife out here with me. ‐ No, let's head inside. ‐ All right. Go inside. Enjoy. It's all yours. ‐ Thanks, Chris. It just feels unreal, and now I'm starting to feel the pressure, the pressure to impress them all, and I am beyond nervous. My heart's pounding out of my chest. ‐ All right, where is he? Matt! Matt! Matt! Matt! Matt! ‐ Let's go! ‐ I wanna know what he's doing. ‐ I think he's coming now, guys. ‐ Oh, my God. Thank you, thank you. How we doing? ‐ You're here! ‐ Yes! ‐ I've had‐‐ Oh, man. I've had so long to think about what I'm gonna say to you all, and I'm gonna take a different approach. So if everybody could just bow their head really quick, I'm gonna pray for everybody. ‐ Aww. ‐ I'm gonna cry. ‐ Dear Heavenly Father, thank you for bringing us all together, healthy. ‐ Mm. ‐ Give these women the courage to get through these next few months. ‐ Amen. ‐ You said that you work all things for the good of those who love you and are called according to your purpose, Father God, and I feel like that's why I'm here, and I feel like that's why these women are here, Lord. ‐ Amen. ‐ So bless this time we have together, Father. In Your holy name I pray, amen. Amen! ‐ ‐ That was so good. ‐ Okay, Reverend Matt! ‐ You'll‐‐what you'll get to know about me is anytime I'm feeling nervous or I'm just constantly shooting up prayers just to put myself at ease... ‐ Yes! ‐ That's good. ‐ Because just as you all are experiencing this for the first time, I'm experiencing this for the first time with you all, so... ‐ You got this. ‐ Bear with me, you know what I mean? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Doin' great. ‐ One of the things I struggled with when I'm thinking about what I'm gonna say to you all is... how to be vulnerable, and I pledge to you all to lead the charge in terms of putting myself in y'all's shoes and being vulnerable, because it's not easy. And I thought to myself, "How am I gonna unpack everything that I've been through in my life?" And a lot of that is experiences with my family, you know? I‐‐my mom's white, my dad's Black, and seeing everything that comes with that is beautiful, and I'm excited to explore that with you all. ‐ Yes. ‐ Um... Sorry. I saw the vibrator and I lost my train of thought. ‐ You're making me cry! ‐ Right after the prayer. ‐ Why is that? ‐ Oh... Where was I? But no, um... It's‐‐in terms of being vulnerable, I've had a lot of time to reflect over quarantine. You know, why‐‐why‐‐ why am I not spending this time with my significant other? And a lot of that is... thinking that I needed to be the perfect person. In the past, I've tried to come across and present myself as someone who's got it all together, and I don't, and I think that's what makes me me. And with that in mind, let's have some fun. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Cheers to falling in love. Cheers! ‐ Whoo! ‐ There we go! ‐ I love that. ‐ I really appreciated Matt's vulnerability, and he used this time for all of us to pray, which I thought was... very genuine, and it felt really good to be in that moment with him. ‐ That just rocked me. I'm, like, not okay after that. ‐ She's crying! That's so sweet. ‐ Yes! ‐ That is sweet. ‐ Are you religious? ‐ Yeah, but it's just like, everything that he said, I felt like I really related to that. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my God. I was tearing up, and I'm like... ‐ Yeah, I need a minute. That was, like... whew! I had a feeling that I was gonna be, like, infatuated with him, but the fact that he opened that up with a prayer just, like, struck a nerve for me. I didn't expect to feel like this so soon. He's pretty much everything, like, I expected him to be and more, so... yeah, I'm excited. Oh, I hope I get some time with him. ‐ How were you expecting it to go when you pulled up? ‐ I‐‐I think it was like way better than I could've expected. I don't know, I mean... I don't know. I was nervous. ‐ You were incredible. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ I was‐‐I was very excited to see you come out of the limo. ‐ I had to look back. I was like, "I need another look." ‐ ‐ Like, I had to. You look so good, like... ‐ Thank you. ‐ Even better in person. Like, I mean... ‐ I mean... Again, this is why the process is gonna be so difficult. ‐ Aww. What are you looking forward to most in all this? ‐ Unpacking. Unpacking y'all, you know? 'Cause it's like, when I came in here, I had my guard up, and I'm, like, continuously trying to find ways to open up, and I know that it's super uncomfortable to share, like, your imperfections with somebody, because we‐‐we‐‐ we want to come across as, like, we have everything together... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And the more I've figured out I don't have everything together, it's been easier for me to be like, "Okay, what am I looking for?" ‐ I mean, nobody can relate to perfect. ‐ ‐ I think, like, that's so hard, and like‐‐yeah. ‐ Yeah, that's fair. Sarah's great. First person I spoke to, but I felt like I was sounding like a robot. I'm‐‐I'm still, like, in this like nervous mode. ‐ So how are you? ‐ I'm great. You know, I'm starting to loosen up a little bit. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I was definitely nervous when I was inside giving that toast. ‐ You did a good job. ‐ Thank you. Thank you. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm a little anxious right now. It's more so excitement. I just want to make sure that I'm everything they're hoping I am. ‐ You know, I'm really here for you. You are the first Black Bachelor, and I think that's so incredible, and, you know, how do you feel about that? ‐ You know, I feel a load of responsibility. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Um... but in that, I feel like my experience isn't everyone's experience. I can only go and speak on things that I've experienced... ‐ Right. ‐ And live out my truths... ‐ Right. ‐ And do the best I can to represent who I am and how I was raised. Being a person of color, it's important to me that someone knows what that's like and embraces it, because that was part of who I am, and it's gonna be part of our relationship. ‐ He's won me over, for sure, already. ‐ Yeah. ‐ It was so cute how he was all flustered. ‐ Oh, my gosh, I know. ‐ I love that. ‐ It's like, I like I guy that can just, like, be comfortable being nervous. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I love that he opened up his speech with a prayer, though. ‐ Me too. ‐ It's definitely set the tone for the night. ‐ Your opening speech‐‐ I mean, I'm not gonna cry... ‐ ‐ 'Cause I hate being vulnerable in front of people. ‐ Yeah. Yeah. It's hard, isn't it? ‐ Especially, like‐‐ but that was, like, very, very powerful. I felt like‐‐were you nervous? ‐ I like that. Heck yeah, I was nervous. I'm extremely nervous because I don't want to disappoint, but I take that challenge head‐on. ‐ I was, like, so unsure about this whole thing. Going into this, like, when they first reached out to me, I was like, "I don't know," just 'cause I don't know‐‐ I didn't know how I'd, like, deal with the whole thing. ‐ Yeah, yeah. I get it. ‐ And then, you know, over the summer, when they were like, "Matt's gonna be the Bachelor," I just loved the fact that you haven't been through this before, and so I loved the thought of, like, going through this whole thing together for the first time and like really getting to know you for you. You know? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I thought there was just something really special in that, and the fact that, like, you opened up with a prayer, I really love that, 'cause you were, like, really speaking, like‐‐ you, like, hit something in my soul to where I was like, "We are on the same page with everything," which is scary, 'cause like you said, like, being vulnerable, that's something that's, like, pretty much impossible for me. ‐ ‐ At least from the beginning. I'm not‐‐I'm not‐‐ ‐ We're gonna work on it. We're gonna work on it. ‐ Yeah. I always‐‐ I've always had a‐‐ I've always had a guard up. ‐ Yep. ‐ Um, 'cause I feel like anytime I let that guard down, it's never worked out, you know? ‐ Yeah. ‐ 'Cause it's scary. ‐ Yeah, it is scary. ‐ And... you know, showing my true self because I'm scared that they're gonna judge me for that. I feel the exact same way. ‐ You know what's cool, though? It's a‐‐it's a liberating feeling when you're‐‐ you can be yourself, and, like, it's on‐‐ ‐ And they love you regardless. ‐ Yeah, and it's on them to accept it, and then you're on to the next thing. ‐ Yeah, exactly. ‐ You know what I mean? Rachael, she's beautiful, she's articulate, she's sexy, and... she's being open and vulnerable, and that's what I've asked these women to do, and she's taking that challenge head‐on, and she's blowing me away. ‐ I think I'm most confident when I'm this comfortable. ‐ Yeah, I feel that. ‐ Mm‐hmm. Yeah. ‐ Hi. Sorry. Do you mind if I steal you? ‐ No, you're good. You're good. ‐ I was super nervous at first, but the nerves are starting to die down, and I started to calm myself a little more. ‐ How's your night going? ‐ It's going great. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Yeah. I came here looking for the love of my life, and I know she's here, and the journey's just begun. ‐ Do you know how to play chess? ‐ Oh, my gosh. Of course. I was in chess club. ‐ Were you, really? ‐ I was in chess club. ‐ So you were a nerd. ‐ That doesn't mean I was great at it. ‐ ‐ I was in it, though. ‐ Apparently, chess was like the‐‐ it was very romantic back in the day. ‐ Okay. Yeah, this is hot. ‐ It was, like, a game of‐‐yeah. It's hot, right? ‐ Yeah. You can go first. ‐ Thank you. Hmm. These things can go like that. ‐ Yep. ‐ All right, your turn. ‐ All right. ‐ Can you do that? ‐ No, I'm just messin'. ‐ I was like‐‐ ‐ I did that to make sure. I'm like, "She doesn't know how to play." ‐ That's not how that works. ‐ I'm gonna go for the win. ‐ ‐ Game over. ‐ Like, to accurately describe what Matt looks like is just a five‐course meal. ‐ ‐ You know like when you say someone looks like a snack? No, no, no, my friends. He is the appetizer, he's your little gazpacho, - that little cold soup thing... - ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ He's the first entrée, he's the second. It's like... ‐ I love that. ‐ Yeah. ‐ This is what I've been missing out on my whole life. ‐ I'm really hungry right now. ‐ Well, good thing a meal is walking around here. You better find that meal. ‐ Well, it's like also anticipating like when am I gonna get to talk to him, you know? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I am definitely worried that I might not get time with Matt tonight just because there are so many women here, and, you know, it's a record number of women this year, and that makes it very "pressure‐ful" and, like, scary because we only have so many hours in the night, and we all want time, so it's kind of hard to get in there and find those right moments, but, you know, it's never the right time; you gotta just do it. I made this boarding pass. ‐ This looks like a voucher. ‐ ‐ I like this. ‐ Yeah. So that's, you know, just a placeholder until we can actually go somewhere. ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah, we're on flight 143... ‐ I like that. ‐ To your heart, hopefully. ‐ I like that, I like that. ‐ So on the back, um, it talks a little bit about where I'm from. I'm originally from Puerto Rico, so there are some facts here, if you want to read. ‐ Being from Puerto Rico, I mean, everything that they've gone through and, uh, how‐‐ how did your family deal with the hurricanes and... ‐ Yeah, thanks for asking. It‐‐it's something that's, like, hard to talk about because it just‐‐ it's a constant, like‐‐ it's always happening. There's always a hurricane, there's always the earthquakes, and you're always worried, and‐‐and especially, my grandparents being older, it's like, "Are they okay? Are they gonna make it?" you know. ‐ Right. ‐ With these last earthquakes, you know, my mom was like, "Hey‐‐" ‐ Hey. ‐ Hi‐‐oh, my God. ‐ Do you mind if I, uh, sneak in here, have some time with Matt? ‐ Sure. ‐ Thanks. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Mind if I hold on to this? ‐ Yeah, that's for you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. I'll talk to you later. ‐ All right, sounds good. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hi! ‐ Give me a hug. ‐ How are you? ‐ I am doing well. ‐ I've been wanting to talk to you all night. ‐ Did you talk to him? ‐ I did. ‐ How'd it go? ‐ Yeah. ‐ How was it? ‐ It was so fast. ‐ Yeah. ‐ We started to get into a deep conversation, and then I was tapped on the shoulder by the vibrator. ‐ Oh, girl. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Talk about a "buzz... kill." ‐ Yeah, seriously. ‐ "Buzz‐kill." ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ At least it's not used. Like... ‐ So she says. ‐ Sure, yeah. ‐ So where are you from? ‐ I'm from Seattle. ‐ Okay. And you probably told me that, but, like, when you came waving that thing, I was like... ‐ It's a lot to take in. ‐ There's a lot to take in. ‐ Literally, it's a lot. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I was like... kind of didn't know what to do. ‐ So the dildo interrupted your conversation? ‐ It did. Touched me on the shoulder and said, "Hey." ‐ People are not holding back tonight, that's for sure. Um, there's big personalities here tonight. There's a lot of energy in this room, and you can feel the competition's kind of starting. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ Sorry, um, MJ number one wants to step in. I'm gonna have you... ‐ Oh. If you didn't know, this is, um, MJ. ‐ That's MJ? Okay. ‐ It's been nicknamed MJ. So... she's the number one, though, so anyways... He loved the vibrator. And, I mean, it's a party. Like, we got the glow stick going. It's perfect. ‐ Did you get to talk to him? ‐ It was okay until I got tapped by a dildo. ‐ Oh, really? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hey. ‐ That‐‐that dildo. ‐ Oh, my gosh. Wait. Was it awkward? ‐ Touching someone with a dildo to interrupt them is kind of... ‐ Yeah. I know. ‐ Not the best thing to do. ‐ I think that's just like her humor. ‐ Um, it was never on my bucket list to, um, boop a pageant queen on her shoulder with a dildo. Um, am I happy about it? Absolutely. ‐ How did your time go with him? ‐ It was‐‐ ‐ Did you tap him with a vibe? ‐ No, I actually tapped her. ‐ She tapped me with a‐‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah. ‐ It was great. ‐ Oh, I would've freaked out. ‐ Social distancing, you know? ‐ Yeah. ‐ That's great. Super responsible. ‐ Don't worry. It was cleaned. ‐ I hope so. ‐ Yes. ‐ Mari would definitely benefit from using my vibrator, and if she's my roommate, I will absolutely let her borrow it. Don't mind me. ‐ Hey. ‐ You know... ‐ ‐ Second to a champagne toast... ‐ Oh, man. I already know what time it is. ‐ Is a sweet tea toast. ‐ Absolutely. ‐ You know? ‐ Yes, this is great. ‐ I mean, what is more North Carolina than sweet tea? ‐ Yeah. What's more romantic than this? ‐ Right? ‐ Ooh. Thank you. ‐ You're welcome. So let's toast to North Carolina roots grounding us but bringing us together on this very special journey. ‐ Cheers. ‐ Cheers. Ah. Tastes like home, right? ‐ Tastes really good. ‐ Do you feel calm? Do you feel peace? ‐ I feel great. Being in this truck‐‐ ‐ Do you feel happy? ‐ I feel good. I'm having a great time. I love when a woman is strong and bold and fierce, and I'm seeing a lot of that tonight. And action. You're bringin' it! ‐ Ooh, tripped. ‐ I'm just living off the energy that those women were giving off. Is that the basic step? ‐ Back. Yeah. That's literally the basic step. Eventually, you're gonna have to throw in your hips more. ‐ Ah. There's been a lot of great conversation. I'm still unpacking myself to them, and we haven't even broken the surface yet. Ooh, a Hometown! ‐ Sorry to interrupt. Can I grab you, Matt? ‐ Yeah, sure. Super excited every time someone's pulling me to have another conversation because it means I'm getting to know somebody, and it's one step closer to figuring out if that's my person or not. ‐ I wanted to bring this for you because I thought it would make us both feel a little bit more at home. ‐ Wow. ‐ And... ‐ I love this. ‐ So I was born and raised in New York City, and I know you are a New Yorker now. ‐ I don't call myself a New Yorker. You know, being‐‐I've lived there for three years now. ‐ Hi. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hey. ‐ Hey. ‐ Excuse me, princess, but the queen is here. ‐ Okay. Um... ‐ Thank you for this. ‐ So nice to meet you. ‐ Appreciate it. ‐ Yeah. I mean, oh, my gosh. Princess? Calling me "princess"? Wow. Okay. I see what this is gonna be. ‐ Okay, so how's your night? ‐ It's been a whirlwind, you know? It's like... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Y'all haven't made it any easier being gorgeous and just being great people, uh, so it's like drinking through a fire hose just trying to make sure‐‐ ‐ Drinking through a fire hose? ‐ Drinking through a fire hose expression‐‐ ‐ I've never heard that. ‐ You haven't heard that expression? So it's like‐‐ ‐ Is that Southern? ‐ I just think it's just a general, like, trying to take on a lot of information at one time. So if it's like‐‐if you go to a water fountain, it's like you're chillin', you're drinking, but if you open a fire hose and you're trying to drink, like, it's impossible to drink out of a fire hose, so it's like... ‐ Yeah. But I'm like the best fire hose, so I'll make a good drink for you. ‐ I feel that. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Yeah, I feel that. ‐ She came up to me when I was speaking to Matt and she was like, "Excuse me, princess, I'm the queen. Can I steal him?" and I was like, "You can be the queen." I am literally the king, the CEO... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Like, the president. ‐ CFO. ‐ Bye, bitch. ‐ Hi! ‐ Hi. ‐ Hey. ‐ Can I sit with you guys? ‐ Yes, of course. ‐ Wow. I love your shoes. ‐ Thank you. ‐ So I had some time with Matt. Did you guys get to s‐‐ talk to him? ‐ I haven't had one‐on‐one time yet. ‐ What? Well, you're in sneakers, so you could run. ‐ ‐ Run over there... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Right now. Get your time in. ‐ Just pounce on him. ‐ Literally, just go. Like, literally, why are you waiting? ‐ I‐‐ ‐ If I say literally again, you have to go, literally. ‐ Literally. ‐ Go! ‐ Okay, well, if I want to get up, I'll get up. ‐ Okay, you do you. ‐ Yeah, do it on your time. ‐ I'll be right back. ‐ Oh. ‐ Did you snark? ‐ I want to see Matt, but, like, they haven't seen him yet. Yeah. ‐ Are you gonna try to steal him again then? ‐ What would you do? ‐ I don't know, I‐‐ ‐ Obviously talk to him again, right? ‐ If you want to, do it. ‐ I have to, yeah. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ Oh! ‐ Ladies, good evening. ‐ Here we go! ‐ Oh, my gosh! ‐ How we doing tonight? It's good to see everybody. That's for our boy Matt. So I'll leave it there. ‐ All right. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Oh, shoot. ‐ My heart just, like, literally went to my butt. ‐ Chris Harrison brings in the rose. I feel the mood shift in the room. ‐ I can't think now. I can't even speak a normal sentence. ‐ Pressure is on. ‐ My God, I need to talk to him. ‐ I want that First Impression Rose. I feel like Matt and I had a really great conversation, and it felt like if the other girls don't want to see him, I mean, that's not my problem. If you like someone, you go for it. ‐ Think somebody's coming up. ‐ Hey. ‐ Hey, what's up? ‐ How are you? ‐ I'm doing well. ‐ Can I interrupt you guys? ‐ Um... ‐ ‐ Victoria's stealing him again. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Yeah, 'cause Victoria's already gone. ‐ Oh, I haven't gone at all. ‐ We haven't. ‐ Neither have I. ‐ So many girls still need to get time with him, and I can't imagine being a girl at the end of the night that didn't get any time with him, and meanwhile, Victoria got two chances. ‐ I made you this bracelet. ‐ Wow. Thank you. ‐ I think it'll fit you. ‐ This is way worse than I thought it would be. ‐ I'm still not getting any time, so I am super nervous, 'cause it's like the First Impression Rose has been on the table, and everyone's freaking out, wondering who he's gonna give it to, and I'm like‐‐I'm a wreck. ‐ Like, literally going crazy. ‐ Yeah, yeah. ‐ Like, full‐on. Like, on the brink... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Of mental ruin. ‐ It's a dog‐eat‐dog world right now, and so... the games begin. Oh, my God. If I went home tonight, I would be devastated, so I‐‐I need that rose. I need to get to know Matt more. ‐ You kind of set the tone for everybody else. It's like you're a queen, and‐‐ ‐ Queen. ‐ Exactly, and that's how‐‐ that's how I feel like everyone feels. ‐ And you're a king! ‐ Have you guys talked to him? ‐ No. ‐ Mm‐mm. ‐ Victoria interrupted Saneh, and Victoria already talked to him. ‐ Well, that's rude. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh. ‐ Yeah, I think people are, you know, feeling the anxiety and impatience and... ‐ Yeah. ‐ They want their time. ‐ I am nervous that I won't get any time with Matt. I keep poking around, trying to find him, and I'm just waiting. ‐ What do you do? ‐ I do marketing. ‐ Well, market yourself to Matt. ‐ What? ‐ Like, market yourself to Matt. I don't feel bad going to see Matt twice because they're idiots anyway. That's not my fault. ‐ Raise your hand if you haven't spoken to Matt tonight. ‐ Cool. ‐ Okay. ‐ Hopefully I get the First Impression Rose. ‐ What's your favorite animal? ‐ Favorite animal? A panda bear. ‐ A panda bear? ‐ Yeah. Just 'cause they, like‐‐ they're happy. Like, they eat, and then they just kind of take a nap. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ It's flying by, you know. The night's going by really quickly. ‐ Sorry to interrupt, but can I steal him from you? ‐ Yeah, of course. ‐ I'm trying to have as many conversations as I can so that I don't leave anybody with any questions and I kind of know where everyone stands, but it's hard. I want to talk to everybody, hopefully, before I can kind of pass that special rose out. ‐ Are you nervous? ‐ I am, you know? I‐‐I think that's normal, though. If I wasn't nervous, I'd be‐‐ that's where I kind of start to freak out a little bit, you know? ‐ So I wasn't nervous. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ I was telling myself not to get nervous, and then I got out of the limo and was looking at you and was like... And I don't even remember what I said, but‐‐ ‐ No, you‐‐what you said was great. It was along the lines of just, like, you were... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Excited about taking this journey with me and‐‐ ‐ I am. Like, I just couldn't imagine myself doing this journey and this experience if it were any other person to be here, and it's important to me to see diverse love stories because it's not something that I saw so much... ‐ Right, right. Yeah. ‐ Growing up as a child. ‐ What do you mean, exactly? ‐ Yeah. So my mom's Persian... ‐ Okay. ‐ So she's‐‐ she's white‐passing... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And my dad was Black, and they were separated before I was born. And so my mom was single her whole life and just kind of devoted her whole life raising me, and so I never really saw an example of what love was like. ‐ Right. ‐ I don't know, I mean, I kind of‐‐ I want that for myself. It feels right talking to him because I just forgot about everything else. Everything flows so naturally, it's kind of surreal. Like, I've never had a feeling before where I meet someone and I'm like, "We could be engaged after this." So... it feels good. ‐ How are you? ‐ I'm great. It's been a‐‐ it's been a night so far. ‐ I bet. ‐ What did‐‐ was it what you expected? ‐ Um, honestly, I wasn't expecting to be that nervous... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ To be honest, 'cause I feel like for like the last few weeks, I've been hearing, like, "- Matt, Matt, Matt"... - ‐ Yeah. ‐ And everything. I was like, "Oh, my gosh, like, he's just, like, this, like‐‐" I don't know what you call it. Not like a god or something. ‐ No. I know, it's weird. It's like, I just want you all to feel super comfortable around me. ‐ Honestly, like, your smile is just so calming in itself. I was like, "I don't know why I'm shaking so badly." ‐ Yeah, no, no, no. ‐ I was like, honestly‐‐ I was like, "Oh, my God, he's probably like, 'She cannot talk.'" ‐ No, no. ‐ At all. ‐ It's the opposite. I was super nervous, 'cause it's like... ‐ Well, it didn't show. ‐ I mean, you're gorgeous, and, uh, how honest you were and open about‐‐ ‐ Oh, my gosh, you remember. ‐ Yeah. Of course. And you said, uh, your sister had gone through kind of a similar experience as you, so I'm assuming y'all are super close. ‐ Um, so I was super lucky. So both my sister and I are deaf, so she's a year and a half older... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And so she kind of like paved the way... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ So I just kind of, like, followed in her footsteps... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And, like, she was really like vocal about, like, telling people... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And then I was just like, "Oh, yeah, I'm, like, second in line, like..." ‐ ‐ Like follow her, like, footsteps the entire way. ‐ Yep, yep. ‐ So I was super lucky. ‐ How did she feel about you coming out here? ‐ Um, she was actually super supportive. Like, I'm super close with my family and everything, and I think they just, like, want, like, what's gonna make me happy... ‐ Yeah. ‐ At the end of the day. ‐ To be honest with you, once I heard your name, I just kind of went blank. I‐‐I was like‐‐ ‐ Okay, thank God, because I don't want you to remember anything else I said. ‐ No. I‐‐I tried, but it's just like, you were gorgeous, and it was hard to focus on anything else. ‐ Did you see me hit the car door when I walked out? ‐ No, I didn't. ‐ Okay, thank God. ‐ No, I didn't even catch that. I was just staring at your eyes; I mean... Yeah. ‐ Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm glad you're here. ‐ Well, I'm glad you're the Bachelor. So obviously, I was super nervous coming out of the limo, and I kind of started stressing out about my time with Matt, but then... well, he was just so easy to talk to, and then he just, like, took it to a whole nother level. I was like, "I love it." I'm so giddy about it. ‐ I think the rose will go to whoever Matt felt probably the most comfortable with and just natural with. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Well, that's why that First Impression Rose is, like‐‐it says a lot. This is the one... ‐ One. ‐ It's like literally the first impression. ‐ And only, the entire season. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ I'm looking at the First Impression Rose, really. Like, at this point, I'm almost expecting it. ‐ Speak of the devil. ‐ Oh. ‐ Who's he going to? ‐ Not to me. ‐ He's going to get me my rose. I know I made a good impression. Why is‐‐why would it not be mine? Totally is mine. ‐ Oh! ‐ We were just chatting about you. ‐ Promised I'd be back. ‐ Gonna steal this. I'll be back. ‐ Okay. ‐ ‐ Womp‐womp. ‐ ‐ All right. ‐ Oh. Is it in his hand? ‐ Oh. ‐ He got it? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, like, my heart. ‐ Oh, my God, what do you have? ‐ Nothing. One of the things that I challenged the women with was being vulnerable, and I felt like you were everything that I am asking of these women tonight, and knowing that you're a fighter, um, I thought that it was only appropriate that I, uh, I ask you something. ‐ Yeah? ‐ Abigail... will you accept this rose? ‐ Oh, my God, I will. ‐ ‐ Thank you. You're so sweet. Oh, my God, I just‐‐ I'm like on cloud nine right now. The fact that he sees potential in me, it's just‐‐I don't know, it just makes me really excited. Like, I'm just super excited just to hopefully keep it going and learn more about each other. Oh, my God, I... ‐ I'm getting more nervous... ‐ Really? ‐ Now that, like, that's handed out, 'cause I feel like the night's coming to an end. ‐ A lot of girls didn't get a chance talk to him. ‐ Half maybe have? ‐ A lot of us are feeling defeated at this point. We're just like, "There's no way he would pick us out of all these other girls that have talked to him." ‐ I feel good because I got to talk to him, and I'm proud of myself for talking to him. ‐ I didn't get a chance to talk to Matt. How could he even remember me in a sea of women? ‐ Fingers crossed. ‐ Oh! both: Hello. ‐ Hi! ‐ Hi! ‐ It is time for the first Rose Ceremony. ‐ Oh, wow. ‐ Wow. ‐ I'm sitting there panicking. I feel like I'm going to faint. ‐ Here we go. ‐ In my head, I'm going home tonight. ‐ I'm scared! ‐ Heading into the Rose Ceremony, I am super nervous. I am super uncomfortable. Matt is super incredible, but you just start rethinking everything that you have done and if it has been enough. I'm really glad that I got my time in. I know that a lot of girls didn't get time. ‐ I am worried, obviously, that I didn't get to have that one‐on‐one time with him. If I didn't get a rose tonight, I would be a complete wreck. ‐ I got to talk to Matt twice, so definitely think I'm gonna stand out in his mind as someone he'll for sure remember, and the queen is for sure getting a rose tonight. ‐ I just wanted to thank you all again for an amazing first night. I know that you've all sacrificed a lot to be here, and it wasn't easy putting yourself out there tonight. A lot of you shared things with me that made it easy for me to find common ground with you. I'm shaking right now because I know that tough decisions are part of what happens when you are trying to find love, and I promised myself that I was gonna follow my heart, and I'm excited to see where this journey goes with you ladies. Bri. Bri, will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes, definitely. Thank you. ‐ Absolutely. Rachael. All the women I met tonight, I had conversations with, were incredible... Rachael, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. Thank you. ‐ Absolutely. But I'm here to find my wife, and that means that there's gotta be tough decisions made. Chelsea. Chelsea, will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes, of course. ‐ It's hard. It's not easy. You're holding this rose, and you're panning the room, and you're making eye contact with women who you know you don't have a rose for, so it's‐‐it's hard to stomach. Sarah. Sarah, will you accept this rose? ‐ Absolutely. ‐ It's tough, but again, to go places you haven't gone, you have to do things you haven't done, and I just have to listen to my heart. MJ. ‐ Excuse me. Thank you. ‐ MJ, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. Thank you. ‐ I am not confident, and it sucks. Like, I didn't get to talk to him, and he's probably not gonna choose me, so I think I am going home. ‐ Serena P. ‐ It's kind of unsettling for me. ‐ Serena, will you accept this rose? ‐ I will. Thank you. ‐ I went through four COVID tests for this. A quarantine. ‐ Khaylah. ‐ Matt is the type of guy I've always wanted. ‐ Khaylah, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. ‐ And to not be able to even talk to the man is beyond frustrating. ‐ Kristin. Kristin, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. Thank you. ‐ My stomach keeps dropping every time I think, "Is my name gonna get called?" ‐ Kit. ‐ Excuse me. ‐ He‐‐he calls girls... ‐ Magi. ‐ And each name, I'm like‐‐ in my head, I go, "He's gonna say Marylynn." ‐ Pieper. ‐ Like, yeah, okay, but that's not Marylynn. ‐ Mari. ‐ Okay, uh... ‐ Illeana. ‐ I'm getting really nervous. ‐ Jessenia. ‐ At this point, I'm like double‐guessing everything. ‐ Kaili. ‐ I just look at this gorgeous man, and I'm like, "Do you like me, sir? "Can you please like me? I like you. Like, can you like me back? Is that okay?" ‐ Marylynn. Marylynn, will you accept this rose? ‐ Absolutely. Thank you so much. ‐ I am directly in front of him, so I'm like, "I haven't had time with him tonight, but at least I am getting face time right now," and I'm trying to connect with him. ‐ Serena C. ‐ Trying to telepathically tell him that I want to be here with my body language, with my eyes, with everything. ‐ Lauren. ‐ I don't know if it's working, but I'm trying. ‐ Sydney. ‐ I have to get a rose tonight. I need it. ‐ Alana. ‐ Excuse me. Did you say Anna, or... ‐ Alana. ‐ I can't go home. I've given up way too much to be here. ‐ Katie. ‐ At this point, like, if it comes down to me or Victoria, like, I hope he picks me. Going home isn't an option. ‐ Anna. Anna, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. ‐ Ladies, Matt, it's the final rose tonight. When you're ready. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Victoria. ‐ Yay. ‐ Sorry. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Sure. Whoops. Thank you, my king. ‐ Victoria, will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes. Thank you so much. ‐ Absolutely. ‐ I was dying up there. ‐ ‐ Ladies, I'm sorry. If you did not receive a rose, take a moment. Say your goodbyes. ‐ Aww. ‐ It's okay. ‐ I already love you guys. ‐ Let's hang out. ‐ Okay. ‐ Bye. ‐ Bye. Thank you. ‐ It was nice to meet you. ‐ Likewise. ‐ Bye. ‐ Bye. ‐ I wish we got a chance to know each other, but just have the best group ever, all right? ‐ Thank you. ‐ Just follow your heart. It's gonna be great. ‐ I will, thank you. ‐ So nice to meet you. ‐ Likewise. ‐ Thank you. ‐ You're welcome. Good luck with everything. ‐ Thank you. The hardest thing is knowing that Matt didn't get to know me. Matt's a great guy. He's‐‐he's‐‐ even though I didn't really get to talk to him, I can just tell he's a great guy. But Matt didn't see, um, the love that I have to give. But I know that somebody will. Somebody will. ‐ Oh, man. That'll never be an easy process. It's only gonna get tougher, but that being said, it's time to celebrate, so let's grab some champagne glasses. Just had one of the most incredible nights of my life, so I'm gonna ride this high. It's a great feeling right now. I know it's been a long night, but we are gonna get our gym clothes on, and there's a half marathon that we're gonna‐‐ ‐ Oh, sure, shut up. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Okay! ‐ Got it. ‐ We gotta find out who Miss James is, and it's gonna be‐‐ it's not gonna be easy, but I know I can find my person here. Here's to love. Cheers! ‐ There we go. ‐ Stay tuned for exciting highlights from this season of "The Bachelor," coming up next. ‐ And now a sneak peek of the incredible new season of "The Bachelor." ‐ Love, for me, is about the heart, and there's not a color you can put on that. ‐ Whew! It's hot in here. ‐ Matt is like the most gorgeous man I've ever seen. He just keeps getting hotter. Oof! It's just like... yum. Daddy. ‐ Everything you shared about your family are the qualities that I'm looking for in a woman that I would want to be my wife. ‐ I felt that instant chemistry. ‐ Whoo! ‐ It's the best feeling. It's like butterflies and excitement. ‐ I do acknowledge color in every sense. At the end of the day, like, love is love. It doesn't matter... ‐ Yeah. ‐ What it looks like. ‐ I potentially found the person who's gonna change the world with me. ‐ Nice! ‐ That feels nice, right? ‐ It's so sexy. ‐ I definitely could see myself falling in love with you. ‐ Oh, my gosh, I am so in love with Matt. ‐ Everything is about to change. ‐ Oh, my gosh! You look so fine! ‐ We've known Matt for weeks now. ‐ Who the are these random‐ass hos coming into the house? ‐ Hey! ‐ Bitch, what are you doing? ‐ They just wanted to save the best for last. ‐ I can't even look at you. Like, just go away. ‐ People are pissed. ‐ I actually was getting messages saying, like, "Watch out for this girl." ‐ This could ruin my entire life. ‐ Well, I've heard two different terms going around. I've heard "sugar baby" and "escort." ‐ She may be having a transactional relationship with wealthy men. ‐ Oh, my God! Yes! ‐ Hi, Chris. ‐ Heather, what are you doing here? You could honestly destroy this whole thing for Matt. ‐ Heather? I feel like I'm in a dream right now. ‐ You already had your shot at a Bachelor. Like, go home. ‐ This is like an impossible situation. Still, like, I do feel like Matt's worth it. ‐ You're lighting all these little fires everywhere. You are the freaking arsonist. How does that‐‐ ‐ No! Let me talk! I don't give a what she has to say to me. ‐ Everyone's in it for themselves. ‐ What the hell? ‐ Ew! ‐ Listen, like, you are going to get hit with the truth. ‐ I just feel sick to my stomach. ‐ I'm cracking. ‐ I am about to explode. ‐ God, I'm so‐‐I'm just dying to talk to him. ‐ It's really hard. ‐ ‐ ‐ You okay? ‐ No. ‐ ‐ No, I'm not. ‐ I'm sorry, man. I'm very sorry. ‐ I'm not sure where we go from here. I just need some time. One of the things that's been hard for me in my relationships is going deep and sharing who I am, what I'm about, and what I've been through. Because it opens up this place that scares me, and I think about my mom and I think about my brother and how broken family and broken marriage has affected our lives, and I don't want to put anybody through that. And the only thing I'm certain of is that love causes you to do things that you wouldn't normally do. I've got this beautiful diamond that represents so much more than you could ever imagine. ‐ I'll get the truck. ‐ You got it. Hey, I‐‐I struggle with the stick, so I might have to wimp out of here. ‐ I'll have this parked for you, sir, and, uh, we'll have the oil changed. ‐ ‐ We'll rotate these tires. ‐ I'll hop in there with you. ‐ Should I bring the girl back? ‐ Yeah. Where are we headed? Wow. ‐ You can't come. You got ladies to meet. ‐ Yeah, you take off. ‐ By the way, she had a booster pillow‐‐ I'm just telling you. I don't mean to sell a girl out... ‐ ‐ But she had a booster pillow. ‐ I was wondering what that was for. ‐ ‐ That is hilarious. ‐ That's something my grandmother would have done. ‐ All right. ‐ This girl was driving a stick. ‐ She's driving a stick. ‐ Good for her. ‐ No stall out. ‐ You gotta‐‐you gotta meet more women, dude. ‐ I know. Take care. Pulled up in a stick shift. Love that. See you, Chris! I got this! Don't worry about me. No, wait, is he coming back? All right. Oh, I guess not. ‐ Damn right, I can drive a stick. Come on, man. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 