The Bachelor: Season 25, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor 
 s25e6 - Episode #25.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor (2002–…): Season 25, Episode 6 - Episode #25.6 - full transcript 
 Emotions run high as rivals come face-to-face, cocktail parties are called off, and a group date gets competitive; Pieper and Matt take a break from the drama with a romantic carnival date complete with a performance by Temecula Road. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ I have a lady named Heather Martin at the front gate. She's looking to talk to Mr. Harrison. ‐ Heather Martin? What the is she doing here? A shocking new episode of "The Bachelor" starts right now. ‐ I'm really torn about this two‐on‐one because I just feel like it could go either way. ‐ I think it's taking longer than necessary. ‐ Yeah, I'm hoping it's over and we can go 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to the cocktail party now. ‐ Exactly. ‐ So MJ and Jessenia are on a two‐on‐one right now. It sounds like MJ was not honest with Matt the other evening about her behavior in the house when the new girls arrived and some of the comments she made, and I'm curious to know if what MJ did is gonna shoot her in the foot. ‐ I think it is MJ's word versus Jessenia's word, at this point. ‐ MJ is the last of the mean girl tribe. I just hope that Matt can see MJ for who she really is and it's a short conversation and that MJ goes home. My biggest concern is how strong of a connection 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 he probably has with MJ and how willing he might be to overlook the situation and move forward with her. ‐ So from‐‐ ‐ No, Jessenia. I‐‐you've done enough talking. I need to talk. ‐ I simply told him the truth. ‐ You put my character into question, and you need to stop. ‐ I didn't put my‐‐ your character into question. ‐ You've done enough talking. Just stop. ‐ Your actions did. ‐ My actions speak louder than my words. ‐ Now, did I lay them out on the table for Matt to see? ‐ My actions speak louder than my words. ‐ Absolutely, because he asked me. ‐ I lead by example, Jessenia, so just stop talking. ‐ You're gonna act‐‐ you can act like you think I'm the only one who has seen and heard this, but I'm not, MJ. Okay? ‐ But he'll know the truth. ‐ I'm not. ‐ Just stop talking. ‐ He will. He will. ‐ You've said enough. ‐ Ladies, thank you for coming. This isn't how I was planning on spending the evening, but I'm here to find a wife, and there's obviously some tension in the issue between the both of you all that we need to get to the bottom of. So, um, Jessenia, can I talk to you real quick? ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ At this point, I have nothing to be worried about. I know that I've been honest from the beginning, and I'm not wrong for being truthful. I'm not wrong for being honest with Matt, who could potentially be my husband. My loyalty lies with him, and I'm gonna make sure that he knows that. MJ, she lied to your face the other night, acting like she didn't know that there was any kind of toxicity in the house or bullying or division when she and Victoria were on the forefront of that. ‐ For Jessenia to say that I am a liar and for her to put my relationship in jeopardy, that is so shady. ‐ MJ loves to preach about leading by example, but she's the one who created that division. She started it. ‐ This is horrible. I'm trying to, like, keep it together right now, because this girl is trying to tear me apart. ‐ Everything she's done has come from a place of malice. ‐ That's why it's a bummer to me. You know, it's like, the last thing we should be doing to each other is bringing each other down. ‐ Yeah. ‐ She shouldn't have said my name. I just can't stand her. She's kind of such a little bitch. She's not gonna get away with this. I can't do this right now. ‐ I value everything you stand for, and I have every intention of standing by you, especially if, you know, we come out of this together. I'm there for you, 100%. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Okay. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Matt and I, I know we have a connection. I know it's there. I just need my time. I know what we have is worth fighting for, and I'm gonna continue to fight for it. Hold on. I need to fluff my hair. I forgot who I am for a second. I had a weak bitch moment, but I'm back. I had a moment. You're allowed to have a moment, but bring it back. We back. My heart is so big, and I'm trying to show that to you every second I get with you, and the fact that Jessenia said that I was, like, creating this divide in the house, as I'm trying to bring everyone together, just, like... I'm mentally and emotionally exhausted, and then to have my character put into question was like‐‐ that hurt me the most. Like... ‐ That's why it was like... I had to do a double take when she initially said your name, 'cause that's not‐‐that's never been my relationship with you. That's never something that I would expect to hear. ‐ I just continue to try to show you who I am, and, like, to know that, like, a pers‐‐ someone can say one frickin' thing... Like, I have had to overcome so many fears this week, and, like, right now, my biggest fear is losing you. Oh, I hate crying. God. ‐ God, I'm, like, shaking. I never lied, and at the end of the day, I know you need a wife that preaches for harmony and peace and not tearing each other down. Like, I would never do that. I don't believe in that. That's not who I am. ‐ That hasn't been my experience with you, and that's why I love being around you. Um... Obviously, I have some stuff I gotta think about now. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So I'll see you in a little bit. ‐ All right. I opened up my heart. That wasn't easy for me. I've never felt more vulnerable in my life. I spoke truth. I spoke from the heart. At the end of the day, that's the best I can do. Jessenia, I don't know how you foster a relationship when you continuously talk about other people. That's not what a confident, strong woman does. I'm gonna keep being a bad bitch. This is not gonna shake me at all. This is done. Jessenia, we talked it out like adults at the cocktail party, and I asked you to stop talking about me. I thought we talked it out like adults and squashed it. ‐ MJ, I brought up your name... ‐ That is petty. ‐ Because you started that. ‐ You need to do less, at this point. ‐ Yeah, based off of this, I wonder what MJ Matt got to see tonight. ‐ I don't have anything that I'm gonna say. This is who I am. ‐ You know what, Meredith? You know what, Meredith? ‐ Oh, that's cute. ‐ You preach all the time about "weak bitch energy." ‐ You are so... ‐ Well, weak bitches lie. ‐ You know what a weak bitch does, is they tear down other people to make themself look better, and that's what you did. You tried to knock me out by attacking my character‐‐ ‐ You knocked yourself out, MJ. ‐ You know what? You are literally... ‐ You knocked yourself out, MJ. ‐ This is so petty. You need to literally check yourself right now. Check yourself. ‐ I check myself every day. ‐ That is petty. You continue to be petty. ‐ You‐‐ ‐ Jessenia, I'm done. Just stop. ‐ You are done. You are done, MJ. ‐ Cute. ‐ You are done. ‐ Okay. ‐ So I've spoken to Jessenia and MJ now, and they both made valid points, but I've had some time to reflect on why I'm here. At this point in the process... I've formed a relationship with both of them. I like MJ a lot. She's a great woman. She's a good person. I love being around her, and Jessenia hasn't ever given me any reason to not trust her. They're both incredible women, but I don't see how I continue this journey with both of them here. I'm conflicted. MJ... Our connection is undeniable, and I felt that since the first time we spoke. And I've really enjoyed all of our moments together, and that's just being real. Jessenia... You said from night one that you wanted someone to be your rock and that you were willing to be that, and I feel that. MJ... I can't give you this rose. Can I walk you out? ‐ Mm‐hmm. Yeah. ‐ ‐ I'm really happy that Matt made the right choice. It feels good to be validated... 'Cause... It didn't have to come to this. MJ had every opportunity to own up to it. But instead, she tried to cover her tracks and overcompensate for what she did. I'm really proud of Matt, so to have his support and to know that he trusts me feels amazing. ‐ ‐ I just can't believe this happened. He's still a great guy. I do want the best for him, and it's disappointing that he didn't see it in me. My heart hurts. I don't know how she did this. She sabotaged me. That sucks, but Jessenia was petty. I hope he figures it out. I think the girls at the house will be shocked. ‐ I have a feeling they're both gonna be here. ‐ You're kidding. ‐ You think? ‐ I don't know why. ‐ Someone has to go home. ‐ I thought we were gonna walk in to either MJ or Jessenia. ‐ Well, there's no rose sitting on the table, and it looks like there might have been one previously. ‐ I'm gonna go ahead and assume he gave... the rose out to one of them. ‐ I mean, when we first walked in and saw the empty rose placket, I still wasn't sure what happened. It was like, he could just be holding onto the rose. He could've sent them both home. He could've not given it out at all. ‐ My heart is, like, beating. ‐ Hey. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hey, guys. ‐ Your roomie. ‐ Hi. ‐ Whew. ‐ Hello. ‐ Hey. ‐ I feel good. ‐ So how'd it go? What happened? ‐ I mean, it went well. If I'm being honest, I mean, MJ really didn't have an argument for herself, so... ‐ Did MJ go home, then? ‐ MJ was walked out, yes. ‐ ‐ Wow, it must've been hard, but at the end of the day, that's‐‐he wants honesty, and I think that you gave that to him, so... ‐ Thank you, Kit. ‐ I'm just ready to get on with the night. You know, just getting that time with Matt is kind of crucial for me because I haven't been here as long as you guys. ‐ I just need some guaranteed time with Matt. I mean, we're all pretty tired of the antics and theatrics of everything, so looking forward to just seeing Matt's fine ass walk through the door. ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ Oh. ‐ Hi! ‐ Oh, no. Not the man I was expecting. ‐ I don't know if I'm happy or nervous. ‐ Good evening, ladies. ‐ Good evening. ‐ Hi, Chris. ‐ I just talked to Matt, and while he had an amazing week and feels so hopeful and so excited about what's happening here, tonight has been exhausting. There's not gonna be a cocktail party tonight. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ He said he knows what he wants to do. He just wanted to go straight to the Rose Ceremony. I know that's upsetting, but I respect his choice, and that's what we're gonna do. I'll see you at the Rose Ceremony. ‐ Thanks, Chris. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Okay, I'm freaking out. ‐ My worst nightmare. I'm upset. I just really wanted to talk to him tonight. ‐ I am very sorry, ladies, that this took time from you guys. ‐ I'm‐‐I'm very disappointed right now. ‐ I mean, I feel like all of this could've been avoided if the whole topic of, like, bullying and toxicity wouldn't have been brought up in the first place of last Rose Ceremony. Katie, I'm sorry, but you did bring it up. Pretty much every scenario where there has been drama, you have been a part of. ‐ Okay, I don't know where this is coming from, and I'm sorry you're, like, upset, but why you concerned about me? What's your concern? What happened tonight has nothing to do with me, and yet, you had Serena C. Coming at me the second she finds out that there is yet another Rose Ceremony... That's cut short. What the hell? Tonight, Matt is sending home the girls he does not have a connection with, and based on her reaction towards me, sounds like she could be one of them. ‐ We have to all walk into a Rose Ceremony and cross our fingers and pray to God that whatever conversations we've had previous to this is enough. ‐ I hope that I get a rose tonight, and I hope that he sees something in me. I‐‐I want to be here, and I hope that I do get to have that conversation, because... I just‐‐I can't. Like, this cannot be what's happening. I don't know if I've ever been this scared or anxious in my entire life. ‐ We are anxiously awaiting Matt to arrive. Now Jessenia, Rachael, Abigail, and Kit have roses going into the ceremony. That means three of us are going home, so I do feel extremely gutted that I didn't have time with him tonight. ‐ I haven't had this much anxiety and uncertainty going into any other Rose Ceremony. I just wanted to communicate to him the extent in which I have feelings for him, the fact that I can, like, see life with him, but I don't know if he sees the end of this with me. I just hate caring this much and not knowing. ‐ I wanted to apologize for canceling the cocktail party tonight. As this process continues, it can get emotionally draining at times. With that being said, I am extremely confident in this process. If you don't get a rose tonight, that's just me following my heart and looking for love. Serena P. Will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes. ‐ I'm just scared because I really want to be here, and I feel like I just don't know what's gonna happen. ‐ Michelle. ‐ I came here for him, and I really, truly feel like it could work... ‐ Michelle, will you accept this rose? ‐ I will. Thank you. ‐ And I just want that time. ‐ Pieper. Pieper, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. ‐ I want love, and I'm not afraid to fall in love. I deserve it... And he deserves it. ‐ Bri. Bri, will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes. Of course. ‐ This rose is a pretty big deal because I know I'm so deserving, I know I'm a good person, but at this point, I‐‐I haven't had that one‐on‐one time that I need. ‐ Chelsea. Chelsea, will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes. ‐ I feel weak a lot here. I need to know that everything I'm going through is worth it. ‐ Katie. Katie, will you accept this rose? ‐ Absolutely. ‐ I can't even fathom that she got the rose. I don't think I've ever been so emotionally frustrated. It is true. It gets harder every single week, and it puts every second you've had with Matt into perspective. ‐ Ladies, Matt, this is the final rose tonight. When you're ready. ‐ Serena C. Will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes. ‐ Ladies, I'm sorry. If you did not receive a rose, take a moment. Say your goodbyes. ‐ All right. Goodbye. ‐ Hey. How are you? - So nice meeting you. - ‐ I apologize. Thank you for being here. ‐ Good luck. ‐ Thank you. ‐ It's tough. You know, I'm sad, but he has no idea the love that I have, how much love I can give. My person is definitely out there, and I cannot wait to meet him. ‐ Good luck. ‐ I'm so sad right now. It's just really hard not to think about having more time with him and having a conversation tonight and how that could've changed things. And I really wanted that chance. Thank you. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my God. I just feel like it was too late, and it's not fair. ‐ To love. To love. ‐ Whoa‐‐oh, my God, oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh, oh, my g‐‐ahh! ‐ It's not fun and games anymore. ‐ What the heck? ‐ She's had her time. Go home. ‐ I'm literally shaking. What is going on? ‐ Hi, Chris. ‐ Heather? What are you doing here? ‐ ‐ We're already down to 11 girls. ‐ So five of us here had a one‐on‐one, and six have not. ‐ ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ A one‐on‐one is everything, and if I get this far without having a one‐on‐one, it sucks, and then it just leaves you with a big what if. ‐ Good morning. ‐ ‐ Good morning, ladies. ‐ Hi! ‐ Morning. ‐ I know last night was a lot. You guys weren't expecting the cocktail party to be canceled and head right to the Rose Ceremony, but on the bright side, last night, the reason Matt felt comfortable going straight to the Rose Ceremony was because he is supremely confident that his wife is in this room. But if we jump forward just a couple of weeks, we're talking Hometowns. We're talking overnights. First date card right here. I'll see you soon. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Thanks, Chris. ‐ I just want a one‐on‐one because I just need to be focused on the relationship I have with Matt, and I don't need the girls. I don't need these group dates anymore. I just need time with him. ‐ Pieper. ‐ ‐ "Tonight will be worth the wait." ‐ ‐ Oh, good. ‐ I'm feeling really excited and nervous, and my hands are very sweaty. ‐ Pieper got the one‐on‐one, and now I'm waiting again for that time... And at this point, it's getting more serious and kind of scary. ‐ It is early, so there are more date cards coming this week. I'm just, you know, waiting for the moment that he finds is right for him and I. ‐ Katie is calculated and annoying, and that just lit another frustration inside of me with someone like Katie, who is outspoken and truly, honestly, keeps running her mouth in things that she doesn't need to say. Katie? ‐ What's going on? ‐ We should talk. Time and time again, it's affecting my time with Matt. So I just wanted to express more about the situation that was happening yesterday. I feel like you didn't really understand what I meant. Basically, I am just super frustrated of time continuously being taken away by your antics, and the reason why I'm coming to you is because I don't think that you are truly here for Matt. ‐ Okay, well, you don't know what Matt and I talk about, how we interact together. You were being very insecure last night, and the fact that you're still sitting here‐‐ I thought you were coming to apologize, to be honest. ‐ Apologize for what? I have nothing to apologize. ‐ Okay. ‐ I own what I say, and I meant every word of it. ‐ The fact that you are sitting here still trying to, like, attack me is pathetic. Pathetic. If you have a problem with last night, take it up with Matt. ‐ There are ten girls here. ‐ I am who I am here. I am who I am. No. ‐ There are ten girls here. Their biggest picture here is to be with Matt. ‐ I am who I am. I've never been fake, and Matt likes me for everything that I am, so don't speak on his behalf anymore. You keep taking up so much of my energy, and it's a waste. ‐ Taking up your energy? ‐ Yes. ‐ Your little antics of all the drama that you've been in and been inserting yourself in every conversation and other people's business that's not even your own‐‐ you're lighting all these little fires everywhere. You are the freaking arsonist. ‐ Okay. ‐ How is telling Matt about being a bully and toxicity and mean girls‐‐ that doesn't help your relationship at all. ‐ I didn't drop any names to Matt. ‐ And that's what I'm saying. Every‐‐ ‐ I did not drop‐‐ ‐ It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. ‐ It does, because I let the girls tell what they wanted to tell. If everyone thought that‐‐ ‐ How does that help... ‐ No, let me talk! ‐ Your relationship with Matt? ‐ ‐ It does, because‐‐ ‐ It doesn't matter! ‐ Do you hear that? ‐ They're screaming? ‐ They're, like, going at it. ‐ Shut the up. That's them? ‐ With Matt. How does it do that? ‐ Because I'm not gonna sit here and let happen in this house! I'm not gonna sit here and let mean girls be mean girls in this house, so guess what? I told him, yeah, there's some going on in this house. ‐ ‐ Not my story to tell, so if the girls‐‐ whoever‐‐ want to tell their story... ‐ That's exactly my same thing. ‐ They're going to tell their story. So guess what? I didn't drop MJ's name. Guess what? I didn't drop Anna's name. I let the girls speak for themselves. So don't be mad at me... ‐ ‐ That girls' names were brought up. There is some high school happening here. ‐ You're focusing on other things besides your relationship with Matt, and I'm not the only one. ‐ As I said last night, thank you for your feedback. I really don't know what her purpose was trying to come at me. At this point, she's just making herself look stupid. You know, if you're here for Matt, then focus on Matt. I cannot reason with crazy. Like, I just don't know why she's so hung up on me. I've been nothing but myself here, and there's a reason I'm here, and that's because Matt wants me here, so her opinion of me or how I've done things‐‐ at this point, I just don't even care about it anymore. ‐ You guys. I just had the most heated conversation with Katie. ‐ We heard. What happened? ‐ Well, she stormed off, obviously, 'cause she couldn't handle what I had to say to her, but all of her little antics keep taking up our time with Matt where we should be progressing with him. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ Like, the way that she came in hella hot with her "sex positivity," that was her "shock and awe" performance. She knew certain ‐‐ ‐ You don't have to whisper. It's all good. ‐ I'm just telling them what you told me, so... ‐ Which is what? ‐ That your main focus is not to be with Matt. It's kind of like an afterthought. ‐ That's what I told you? ‐ That was the gist of it. ‐ Okay, well, I obviously said nothing like that, so don't speak on my behalf, ever, because you're doing a bad job at it. ‐ I just don't think that it's your main priority. ‐ Okay, if you have that concern, go ahead and bring it up to Matt. ‐ I‐‐why? This is why I'm trying to have a conversation with you. ‐ Why are you bringing it up to me? ‐ Because I don't wanna have‐‐ ‐ Why? What's the point? ‐ I don't want to waste time mentioning your name to Matt. ‐ But why do I matter to you so much? ‐ You're the only one here who has other intentions besides trying to get with Matt. ‐ I have no other intentions except to be here for Matt. ‐ Well, your actions will speak louder than your words. ‐ Well, his actions speak louder than words, because I'm still here, so... ‐ Barely. ‐ Bring it up with Matt if you're mad how he decided to handle last night. That has nothing to do with me. ‐ You're saying the same things over and over again, so I'm done. ‐ Yeah, last night sucked 'cause a lot of ladies didn't get time with Matt, but I think that it's important that we just let it be and, like, move forward, and we don't want you screaming at each other, please. ‐ I'm really not sure why Serena is so upset with Katie. Um, it's really my and Matt's relationship that I'm focused on, and at this point, it's just, like, ridiculous to me. I'm just like, okay, when does this end? ‐ Hello. ‐ Okay. ‐ I have a lady named Heather at the front gate. She's looking to talk to Mr. Harrison. ‐ Hi, Chris. ‐ Heather? ‐ Hi, Chris. ‐ Heather, what are you doing here? ‐ Oh, gosh! Well, Hannah Brown, she came to my house, and she just spent some time with Matt in quarantine, and, like, the first thing she says to me when she landed is, like, "This guy is, like, the perfect match for you‐‐" Hannah, who's, like, one of my very best girlfriends, she knows Matt and loves Matt so much. Her telling me that‐‐ like, that meant something. So... ‐ So you're here. ‐ I couldn't let him get engaged and not meet him or not try my best. ‐ So we are in quarantine, and we're pretty far into this. ‐ I know you guys are almost halfway through, but I'm like‐‐I don't think that's gonna stop me. I truly just want to meet Matt. ‐ I'll be honest. Not much surprises me anymore. ‐ ‐ But didn't see this one coming, Heather. ‐ I‐‐I honestly didn't either. ‐ Um, I‐‐I wish I could be the one to say, "Sure, come on in." I can't. ‐ Yeah. ‐ But I will take this up the hill. ‐ Okay. ‐ I need to talk to a lot of people. ‐ Yes. ‐ Even if we said yes, it wouldn't even be close to today. ‐ I know. ‐ So why don't you go back to your motel... ‐ Okay. Awesome. ‐ And I'll be in touch. ‐ Sounds good. ‐ We'll see what we can do. ‐ All right. ‐ Okay, Heather. ‐ Thank you, Chris! ‐ Bye‐bye. ‐ Good to see you. Bye. Thank you! Bye. ‐ That is just bizarre. Just when you think you've seen it all. ‐ Finally going on the one‐on‐one. I'm so excited. The date card said, "Pieper, tonight will be worth the wait," and the waiting game was hard. Thank you. ‐ Yes, ma'am. ‐ I think that this is, like, a pivotal point for Matt and I's relationship 'cause I really do care, and I really do have feelings for Matt. It's super thrilling, but it's also, like, oh, my goodness, I hope that I make a good impression. Where are we? ‐ Um, it wouldn't be a surprise if I told you where we were. ‐ I used to really like surprises, and then I came here. ‐ What's something you would do in the woods? ‐ In the woods? At night? Get mauled by a bear. ‐ Well... ‐ ‐ That's‐‐ ‐ Surprise! ‐ You know, I didn't want to tell you, but you did guess it. No, I'm just kidding. ‐ ‐ All right. Before we get out... Gonna need this 'cause where we're going is very dark. ‐ Okay. ‐ I'ma come around and open up your door. ‐ Okay. ‐ Trust me? ‐ I think so. ‐ It could be literally anything, so part of my nervousness is, like, not knowing what I'm about to walk into. ‐ Watch out for, like, the snakes and stuff. ‐ Got it. Okay. Thanks for warning me. ‐ ‐ Into the forest. The fact that I can't see anything is also making me nervous. ‐ Okay. So I'm gonna ask you to flip that switch... ‐ Okay. ‐ To "on." ‐ Okay. ‐ You ready? ‐ I'm ready. ‐ All right. ‐ The anticipation... ‐ ‐ Oh, my gosh! ‐ ‐ This is amazing! ‐ I have had my eye on Pieper since the first night she got here. She's been patient throughout this process, and I knew I wanted to do something unique and special. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ We got our own little carnival for you. ‐ There's so many things to do! ‐ Growing up, going to the fair was something I looked forward to 365 days out of the year. That feeling I got when I walked through the gates and I saw all the lights‐‐ it was magical, you know? And I'm hoping that Pieper feels that tonight. We're here, and we've got it all to ourselves. Me, Pieper, and this enchanted carnival. So we've got the Roundup... ‐ Okay. ‐ We got the "break the plate." Baseball. ‐ Oh, my gosh. This one was my favorite. ‐ This was your favorite? ‐ Yes. ‐ I think I wanna challenge you to your favorite game. Well, let's do it. ‐ Yes. Okay. ‐ Oh, what? Go! ‐ Nope, nope, nope, nope. No! ‐ ‐ Ha‐ha! ‐ Okay. ‐ But I'm not competitive, like, at all. ‐ Yeah, I don't‐‐ I don't feel‐‐yeah. ‐ Like, my‐‐I just‐‐yeah. ‐ All right. Which one are we grabbing here? ‐ I want that, um... ‐ Big monkey? ‐ Dragon thing. ‐ Ooh! I like that. That's the cool thing about having our own carnival. ‐ Yeah. ‐ We get the prizes that we want. ‐ Aww! ‐ This whole experience‐‐ the carnival, this one‐on‐one‐‐ it's been worth the wait, you know? If I hit the bell, I get a kiss. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Me and Pieper already have our relationship, you know? We already have common ground. We're really trying to explore what life could look like with each other, and one of the things that you explore when you're looking to live life with someone is, can you have fun with them? And I'm having a blast with Pieper. ‐ Whoa‐‐oh, my God, oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh! ‐ ‐ This felt so special. Like, it felt like something, like, honestly, just out of a movie, I think. To be able to just, like, run through and do it all and just enjoy it and joke and flirt and just be fun is, ugh, such an amazing feeling. It just makes me happy. I was really worried when you were walking me through the forest. ‐ ‐ But I think that going on group date after group date and making a good connection in that setting makes this even that much more worth it. ‐ Yeah. I agree. ‐ I don't know if I thought that I could fall in love when I first came here, but getting to know him is showing that falling in love is possible here. ‐ Date card! Whoever's not on the date card is gonna be the one getting the one‐on‐one. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Like, I do not want to go on another group date tomorrow. I really want and need to move forward and have the extra time with Matt for a one‐on‐one. I know that time is the most crucial, but it's like, every week, you think you're gonna see him for more time 'cause there's less girls, and every week, something else comes up. I just want that one‐on‐one. I don't want to hear my name on this card. ‐ Bri. Kit. Rachael. Michelle. Jessenia. Serena P. Abigail. Chelsea. ‐ It's either me or Serena C. That's about to be called, and if she says Serena's name, I'm not on the group date, and I'll get the one‐on‐one date. I'm holding my breath, hoping, please don't call my name, please don't call my name. ‐ Serena C. ‐ ‐ "This lane leads to love. Matt." ‐ All right. ‐ Whew. ‐ I'm excited. ‐ Oh, my. ‐ Katie, how do you feel? ‐ I mean, obviously, I'm very happy. I can't wait to explore our relationship further without drama and just have it be about him and I. ‐ I mean, my biggest worry is never getting a one‐on‐one. Just gotta focus on what's next and right in front of me, which is tomorrow. I hope that Katie goes on her one‐on‐one and Matt realizes that she is not the one for him and that they are not compatible at all and that it is so weird that she has stayed here so long and that he will ultimately decide that they're not meant to be together and send her ass home. ‐ I was on Colton's season, and I'm here to see if Matt could be my husband, so I talked to Chris Harrison, and I have officially made it to Nemacolin. I am here. I'm quarantining, and I am hoping and I'm praying that I can get through this. I‐‐I did one COVID test so far. I‐‐or one COVID test, and I'm COVID‐free according to that test. I had one today, and hopefully, in a day or so or a couple days, I can meet Matt. Ahh! ‐ Seriously. ‐ Yeah. This date has been amazing, and I'm really trying to be positive right now, but I'm feeling really stressed out. I don't want to ruin the good thing that we have going, but I also feel like the things that I have to tell him and how I'm actually feeling is obviously very important to our relationship. To be able to open up and communicate, like, my feelings, it's very foreign to me. I am hopeful for our conversation tonight, but that doesn't make me any less nervous about it. So we'll see what happens. Yeah, no. Today was‐‐it was really fun. And I'm glad that we got to spend that time together without, you know, distractions of... ‐ Interruptions. Yep. ‐ Anything else. ‐ No, I know. ‐ This last‐‐I mean, last week was really hard for me just emotionally, and I'm not used to having to reflect on my feelings so much. For me, I've always seen, like, talking about my feelings and feeling my feelings as, like, a weakness, and that definitely has to do with, like, my upbringing and my family, and I just think that it's something that isn't necessarily... conducive to being my full self, especially in a relationship. If you're not gonna confront your feelings, that's not healthy. ‐ How would you say that your parents‐‐ like, your mom and your dad‐‐ express emotions? ‐ The culture in my family overall is we‐‐ we don't really say love. We don't, like, communicate love. It's all through actions, and that's really hard because I want that, but it's just, like, not how we operate as a family. Um... and I wish that that wasn't how I was brought up, but it also made me, like, a tougher person. I just know that, like, I need more than just, like, actions. Like, I need the words. Sometimes I want my mom to just call me and be like, "I'm really proud of you. You're doing a great job," but I know that that's not really her style, and I know that that's, like, never gonna happen, but it‐‐it hurts, and I just wish that I could... feel that way, too, um, and I think that's, like, why it's so hard for me to let people in. ‐ Well, we can work on that together. ‐ ‐ We can work on that together, because it's something that I've struggled with. I can't speak for you, but for me, it's been liberating to put my feelings and who I am out on the table so that when we leave here, you know who I am and what you're getting. I'm challenging you to continue to be open with me and‐‐ and really tap into why you feel the way you do about certain things so that I can be there for you. ‐ I know that I do more of the showing love through, like, little actions, but I want to be able to do more of the saying part of love 'cause I know that if I want it, other people want it too. I just know that I'm not good at it. So, you know, be patient with me. ‐ I will be. ‐ Um... But... I don't want to be... afraid of how I feel anymore. I don't want to be afraid of expressing feelings anymore because I wouldn't want to bring that into our relationship. So, um, you know, Matt, I am falling in love with you, and that is the scariest thing in the world to say because I have always seen that as, like, you know, giving up a part of myself, but, um, while it's super‐‐ it makes me super fearful, it also makes me really excited. ‐ Well, I want you to trust me with your feelings and your heart, and I will continue to be open with my emotions and feelings as well. ‐ I appreciate that. ‐ I wanna be that person continuing to show you that this can work with us, and I'm looking forward to spending more time with you. ‐ Looking forward to it too. ‐ So, Pieper, will you accept this rose? ‐ Of course. I am feeling very happy and very excited. ‐ I don't want this night to end... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And I had one more surprise for you. Do you wanna go? ‐ I do. ‐ All right, let's do it. ‐ Oh, my gosh! ‐ I just wanna relive today over and over and over again because it just was such a good day. I do see a future with Matt, and that's really hopeful and exciting to me. ‐ I couldn't have drawn up a better ending to a night. We have a private performance by Temecula Road. Just have Pieper in my arms. I'm just looking at Pieper. Pieper's looking at me. Everything just feels right. ‐ So it is day two in quarantine, and I just really wanna get out there and meet Matt. Okay. Fresh pizza. Just about to eat this. Oh... Look at that. If that's not impressive... Oh, ooh, ooh. I don't‐‐if that's not impressive, I don't know what is. Oh! ‐ Oh, my God! Is he wearing a bowling shirt? ‐ Hey. ‐ He's wearing a bowling shirt. ‐ Ah! ‐ I'm super excited to see Matt. Hometowns are coming up soon, and, you know, I can't control whether I get a one‐on‐one date, but I can control, you know, what we spend our time talking about, so hopefully I can get some time with him today. ‐ I've got a very fun date planned for you all. I don't wanna give it away. What do y'all say we head over there? Yes. ‐ Let's do it. ‐ Matt and I had such a good spark right away on the first night, and so I think we have really great potential, but I need time. ‐ And we have pitchers of beer. ‐ And there's wings! ‐ We got our shoes. We got wings. ‐ We have wings. ‐ We got pizza. We got nachos. ‐ Oh, my God. I love this date already. ‐ This is an ideal date for me, you know? I'm not looking for the world's best bowler. I'm just looking for someone who can have a good time and someone who's fearless, someone who's gonna pursue what they want wholeheartedly, and if they can enjoy theirselves bowling on a rainy day, a little bit out of their element, that's what I'm looking for in a woman. ‐ I'm so bad! ‐ ‐ Oh! ‐ ‐ This is, like, probably my favorite group date that I've been on. Everyone seems to be having a great time, even myself, who's clearly the worst bowler here. ‐ Rachael. ‐ Uh‐oh. ‐ No, no, no! ‐ Oh! ‐ No, no! I knew it, I knew it. ‐ So good. So good. Oh, hi, everybody. ‐ Oh, hi. ‐ Hey! ‐ How's it going? ‐ What's the twist? ‐ I know you're enjoying a nice, leisurely day inside, bowling and having a good time, but I think we need a little competition, so here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna break you up into two teams. ‐. ‐ Winning team will enjoy an amazing, romantic evening with Matt, rose on the line. Unfortunately, losing team, long walk home in the rain. ‐ I expected some sort of a twist, but I didn't expect it to be a competition‐‐ only half of us to go to the after‐party because there's only nine of us today. I'm now in the minority of people that haven't had a one‐on‐one, so now it's serious. The time on the line is just like‐‐ puts a whole added pressure, and I need this time. ‐ Good luck, let's keep it a clean game, and may the best team win. ‐ All right. ‐ Okay. ‐ All right, y'all are up. Let's see it. ‐ It's. I have been on the losing team. I've had to walk home, so we are not losing this. We're gonna win. There's no‐‐there's no way I'm gonna lose twice. Ready? ‐ Let's go, Abi. Yes, Abigail! ‐ Whoo! ‐ You got it, Serena. ‐ Ah! ‐ ‐ Oh,. The pink team came out firing. ‐ Yes! ‐ Ooh! ‐ I want to win so bad. Being in a competition, like, this is where I blossom. ‐ Yes! ‐ Yeah! ‐ It's just so weird, 'cause, like, we were all on a even playing field then all of a sudden, the pink team just came out of nowhere. And we were like "Bad News Bears." ‐ Yes! ‐ So loud. ‐ Miracles have happened, and blue team's gonna need a miracle to pull this one off. Blue team was down big in the beginning, and they battled back. ‐ Yes, Rachael! ‐ It literally came down to the last few frames. Pink Petals, Blue Bombshells, this is the final round. Good luck. ‐ Yes. ‐ Michelle! ‐ Abigail, I love you, but gutter. ‐ Yes, Abigail! ‐ I feel really good. My team won. There's four girls at this after‐party, and I'm pretty sure that we'll all get a good amount of time with Matt, so I'm really excited. ‐ Ladies, everybody left it out on the lanes today. Blue team, you fought hard, but Pink Petals, you are the champions. You are going to the after‐party with Matt. Blue Bombshells, it's time to say your goodbyes. You'll be going home tonight. Ladies, get up here. Get your trophy! Congratulations. It's all you. ‐ Hey! ‐ We‐‐we don't get champagne? Pink Petals! Cheers. ‐ Y'all did great today. ‐ My team is going home, and with the pressure of Hometowns being in a few weeks, it's frustrating when you have that potential and then you can't explore it. Like, you just have to wait and wait. I‐‐I‐‐I don't know. It's just, I'm not getting any time. It's not even a little bit of time. I'm just not getting any time. ‐ All right, y'all. ‐ This is a joke. We're going. ‐ I don't think so. ‐ Matt, what do you want in a wife? A‐‐a bowler? ‐ You know, ultimately, I don't make all the right decisions, and it's unfortunate, because I want to spend time with all the women here. I feel for the blue team, you know? I‐‐I understand how important these after‐parties are and time spent with me is, and, you know, they're not gonna get that tonight. ‐ I'm so sick of losing these stupid games. ‐ There was a lot on the line tonight, especially not getting the one‐on‐one, so it just sucks. ‐ I mean, even that rose, like, is up for grabs for them now and we don't even get that chance. No time with Matt tonight. It's just the most frustrating thing. Like, how are we supposed to form this relationship with him if we don't even get a chance to talk to him? Just doesn't make sense this far into the process. ‐ I'm excited. After seeing everyone come back from their one‐on‐ones, I think the nerves will be old news, and I'll come back just, hopefully, a new woman or something. I don't know. ‐ Yeah. ‐ ‐ I feel like a new woman. Oh, my God. ‐ Well, here we are. ‐ What happened? ‐ So it was bowling, I'm assuming, by your lovely wardrobe. ‐ A bowling match. ‐ I'm not even upset yet. Like, I'm just angry. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Yeah, it's ridiculous, 'cause it's like, we don't get that potential to, like, further our relationship. ‐ Yeah. What the heck? ‐ Look at this. ‐ ‐ That was incredible. I don't know where those games came from... But it's less about looking for the world's best bowler. ‐ Dang it! ‐ And it's more about how you all continue to challenge yourselves and have fun with it, because that's what it's about. ‐ I'm really excited about tonight. I am just happy to be at this cocktail party. There's only four of us, so I'm gonna get more time. I can talk about, like, more things, and I can not be as stressed about someone interrupting me. ‐ To being in the winner's circle. ‐ Ooh! ‐ Ooh. ‐ You know, I'm just excited to see him and have time with him. Hopefully I'll get that rose. ‐ It sucks getting that First Impression Rose, seeing that potential, and then, week after week, you know, just... waiting. It's just like... How am I supposed to take this seriously when I can't even get time? ‐ Hello, ladies. ‐ ‐ Oh. ‐ Oh. ‐ I don't often come and deliver a personal date card. Uh, this one's a little different. You wanna read it? ‐ Yeah. "Abigail, Serena C., Kit, Bri, and Rachael, "I feel terrible about today. I need time with you. Please‐‐" Oh, my God. All those tears for nothing! ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ Yay! ‐ Hi. ‐ Hi. ‐ I loved everything I saw from you today, especially the competitor in you. ‐ But... no, I appreciate you saying that. I don't know. I love being around you. Love being in the same room with you. I've said it before, and I'll say it again. You really do have a lot of the qualities that I'm looking for. ‐ ‐ For, like, you almost to be my comfort zone when I have not known you that long... ‐ ‐ Is really standing out to me. ‐ I will continue to be that. ‐ I'm really happy. I just feel like every time we talk, our relationship kind of moves forward. Like, it feels like I'm with, like, the right person right now. ‐ I'm glad there's only four of us for the‐‐ ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And there's a rose. ‐ One in nine to one in four. Like, we each have a 25% chance of getting that rose tonight, which is exponentially higher, and less people on this group date just means more time with Matt. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Hey! ‐ Sorry to crash the party. ‐ No, you're not. ‐ What the hell? ‐ Hey. ‐ Ooh. ‐ Hi. Surprise! ‐ What up? I'ma slide in between Chelsea and Kit. ‐ Ooh. ‐ Ladies, welcome. I actually knew that this group was coming. ‐ ‐ Shady, shady. ‐ I apologize, but this process is too important to not get time with everybody. Everyone should be here. ‐ Well, thanks. ‐ Thanks for having us. ‐ We think so too. ‐ Uh, Jessenia, you wanna head downstairs? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Whoever does get that rose tonight knows that, out of all of the women here, they were the one whose conversation was valued the most, so it probably means more tonight. ‐ Yeah. I'm bummed to see the other girls come in tonight just because I was like, okay, like, I earned this. Like, this is the one thing that's going right for me. ‐ Well, I feel really good about today. It was way too much fun. ‐ Like, yesterday was really hard. This past week has been hard. Like, all the weeks are hard. I don't get to see him a lot. ‐ It's scary just 'cause these next few weeks are gonna get deeper and deeper. ‐ I am frustrated. It's been, like, a rough couple of weeks, and that I was really hoping for a one‐on‐one this week, and then it didn't happen. Now it's dwindling down, and we have less time, and it's like people are just getting ahead of me, getting more time, getting ahead of me. People are having one‐on‐ones. ‐ Um, I am falling for you. I just thought I'd let you know. ‐ I really want more time with him because I do, like, really like him, and I'm trying to be patient, and, like, I don't want him to give up on me. ‐ How we doing? ‐ Good. It's been, like, a hard couple of weeks. I'm not gonna lie. ‐ Talk to me. ‐ I don't know. I'm just, like, frustrated. I'm trying to be patient and, like, wait for more time, and, like... ‐ Yeah. ‐ I just don't want you to give up on me, because I‐‐I know I have, like, some walls up and, like, some guards up, but I'm like‐‐ just hold on a little longer, like... ‐ I am holding on. ‐ Okay. ‐ I know it's hard when you see other people on the one‐on‐ones and stuff like that, but if you're here, it's because I could see myself with you. ‐ Matt is amazing. He always makes you feel special, and I feel a lot better about where we stand. ‐ ‐ It would be amazing to get that rose. I would love to have that validation, just knowing that he's still in this with me. ‐ I really enjoyed all my conversations tonight. The winning team, thank you all for being generous with your time tonight. ‐ ‐ Serena P., I always enjoy our conversations and our values that we share. Chelsea, I appreciate how you continue to open up. Thank you for sharing everything. Michelle, I appreciate how at ease you make me feel when I'm around you. Michelle, will you accept this rose? ‐ Yes, I will. Thank you. ‐ I am kind of surprised and obviously disappointed also. Like, I'm disappointed every time I don't get a rose. I don't know, I thought he was gonna give it to somebody else, maybe who, like, hadn't had a one‐on‐one and, like, needed some validation or whatever. ‐ I'm gonna head out, but I will see you all at the cocktail party. ‐ It's scary to not get that rose because it basically means, like, you're on the chopping block. It's just, like, one less rose. It sucks. I'm here to fall in love and to become engaged. ‐ There's someone coming. ‐ Heather? ‐ ‐ What the? ‐ What is going on? ‐ She's had her time. Go home. ‐ If she gets a rose tonight, I'll be rageful. ‐ So quarantine makes you go a little crazy. Oh, my gosh. I just realized I am Rapunzel. I'm just gonna let down my hair. Matt can just‐‐ he can just climb on up. Whoo! Um, you know... Just going a little‐‐just going a little crazy over here. Think I might need some‐‐ might need some human interaction pretty soon. ‐ Today I have a date with Katie, but first, I am very excited to meet one of my best friends and someone who knows me better than anyone. ‐ Matt! What's up, my man? ‐ ‐ Look at you. ‐ What's good, fool? ‐ Good, brother. ‐ This couldn't have been a better time for Tyler to show up. What better person to consult than someone who's been through this process? ‐ Most importantly, you happy? Having fun? ‐ I am. I'm having a good time. And this week's over the halfway point, and I felt the conversations with these women‐‐ it's less of, like, an exploratory phase with them, and it's more so like... You being able to see a life with me and me being able to see a life with you. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And, um... and I'm about to head on my first one‐on‐one date with Katie today. Katie's the one who had the‐‐ the cactus‐sized vibrator when she got out of the‐‐the limo, but she was‐‐like, that's less of the story. It's more that, like, she's owned who she is. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Like‐‐like, she is unapologetically herself, and that's what I like about her. I haven't spent a lot of time with Katie, and I'd like to get more time with her just to kind of see what she's about. ‐ Yeah, I think, like, some relationships are gonna start later for you. Like, my relationship on the show was, like, a slower‐burning one. It started really late‐‐like, started catching fire late, whereas, like, there's maybe some girl that comes out of nowhere that you start building this different connection with. You're like, "Oh, you know, what is that?" So I, like‐‐stay open, and, like, stay, like, into these conversations. Just be you, because, like, people are‐‐that's‐‐ that's why we all love you. That's why you're here. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'd rather you give it your all and put everything out there and then you can walk away from this not having any regrets, you know? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Do you see yourself getting down on a knee at the end of this thing? ‐ I do. ‐ Do you? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'm excited for you, man. This is‐‐ ‐ Thank you. ‐ My boy is all boo'd up. ‐ I know. I wish I could have a conversation with Tyler before every date, and it's got me in the right headspace. ‐ Go get on with your date. ‐ Appreciate you, bro. ‐ Good seeing you today. ‐ Thanks for coming. Good to see you too. I've seen this process work for Tyler, and I think that's why Tyler was so excited for me to have this experience, and I'm excited to spend the afternoon with Katie. ‐ Hi! ‐ Hi. ‐ How are you? ‐ Mm. ‐ Oh, my gosh. It's been a hot minute. ‐ Good to see you. ‐ You too. ‐ Are you excited? ‐ Oh, my gosh. Yes. ‐ Do you know where we're at? ‐ I mean, this looks like the spa. ‐ This is a spa... ‐ ‐ And I thought that it was only appropriate that we spend the day here. ‐ Wow. ‐ But I wanna‐‐I wanna let you in on a little secret. ‐ Oh, God. What's that? ‐ One of my best friends happens to be here today. ‐ Okay. ‐ Uh, Tyler C. He was on Hannah Brown's season. ‐ Okay. ‐ I live with him. He's my roommate, and he thinks that he's here for what he thinks is gonna be a nice, hour‐long massage, but little does he know me and you are gonna be in the ear of the actor who we hired... ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Who is his masseuse today... ‐ Yes. ‐ And we are gonna be ruining his massage. ‐ Oh, I love that. Love it. I'm excited. ‐ Can I walk you through it? ‐ Yes, yes. ‐ All right, so... I'm a very adventurous person, and from what I've gathered through conversations with Katie, it sounds like she is, too, so I think that I couldn't have picked a better person for today's date. We've got one right here. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ That's right. The whole room is filled with cameras. TC, it ain't your day, buddy. Everything you thought was involved in a massage is going out the window because, today, Katie's in charge. I'm in the copilot seat, and we're gonna ruin his day. ‐ Guys, we see him. He's on camera. He's in a bright red sweatshirt. ‐ All right, here he comes. Here he comes. ‐ I'm gonna be your masseuse today. ‐ All right. ‐ Rosario. Nice to meet you. ‐ Oh, my‐‐my heart's, like, racing... ‐ I know, I know. ‐ For some reason. ‐ Ready? ‐ All right. ‐ All right, come on in. ‐ Let's do it. ‐ You can hang your robe here when you're ready. I'll step out for a second, and then get under the sheets. ‐ Look at him. ‐ We'll start with you lying on your back first. ‐ ‐ Checking himself out. Totally checked himself out. ‐ Make her do, like, a thumbs‐up or something. ‐ If you can hear us, give us a thumbs‐up. ‐ Ask him why he's here. ‐ So what brings you to Farmington? ‐ Uh, my best friend, he's the Bachelor. ‐ Oh, really? ‐ Yeah. ‐ Wow. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And, Melissa, can you start to work your way to his nipples? Yeah, there you go. ‐ Twist his nipples occasionally too. Pinch 'em. I'm so... ‐ Katie's the perfect date. She's hilarious. ‐ Use the rolling device on his back, really hard. ‐ As hard as you can go. Literally try to break his bones. ‐ Some friend. ‐ Giving these hilarious commands. "Mount him. Roll his back out. "Get onto his head. Use the roller on his head. Push his head into the donut." Like, I was dying. Oh, my God. Katie's someone that I could have fun with doing anything. ‐ I'm calling you right now. ‐ We're calling her right now. ‐ Oh, God. I'm so sorry. I have to get this. Sorry. Hello? ‐ Hey, girl. What's up? ‐ You are never going to believe who I'm massaging right now. ‐ Who? ‐ Tyler C. from Hannah's "Bachelor" season. ‐ No freakin' way! ‐ Oh, my God. I... He's even hotter in person. ‐ That was her own. ‐ I'm a big prankster, I like to have a good time, and it was nice for me to share that side of myself with Katie. ‐ Turn. ‐ Having Katie right beside me just torturing my best friend was incredible. This is Katie, by the way. ‐ Hi. Nice to meet you. ‐ Katie? How are you? Nice to meet you. ‐ ‐ Interesting way to meet you, but... ‐ Yeah. ‐ Katie continues to blow me away, and I want this to work with Katie. She's incredible, but I need to see what the romance side looks like with Katie. Tonight's a big night for Katie and my relationship. ‐ You look great. ‐ You look so good. ‐ ‐ Hi. ‐ How you doing? ‐ Good. How are you? ‐ Doing great. ‐ Mm. So far, this date has been the best date I could have asked for. ‐ Ready to head in? ‐ Yes. Let's go. It was great to be funny and be silly with him today, but I also think being able to be vulnerable and have important conversations is the key to a successful relationship, and I think tonight we will talk about a little bit, you know, deeper topics. Ooh! It's so pretty. ‐ It's super nice. ‐ Hometowns are coming up, so to get a rose tonight, it says he sees a future. ‐ To a great evening. No hijinks. ‐ ‐ Just getting to know each other better. ‐ Cheers. ‐ Cheers. ‐ You know, Matt's not here to play games. Matt isn't wasting time. If he isn't interested, he's not gonna lead you on, and so to get a rose from him tonight would mean he's feeling something special too. It was a great day. ‐ It was. Yeah. ‐ I needed this. Like, this has just meant so much to me. ‐ There's no one else I would've wanted to torture one of my best friends with. ‐ And honestly, Tyler's more than your best friend. Like, you guys are brothers, honestly. ‐ Yeah. Yeah. It was fun because we had a serious conversation before that, and he thought he was off the hook. ‐ ‐ And then you were throwing everything at him. You were like, "Mount him!" ‐ ‐ Uh‐‐no. ‐ "Sniff his hair!" ‐ ‐ Oh, my God. And just sitting there with you just being playful, like, it was all I needed to just reassure me of why I'm here. ‐ What's that looked like for you in the past? Like, relationship‐wise, like‐‐ like, have you had that type of playful aspect to a relationship? ‐ Yeah, you know, when I think of, like, the past and why they didn't work, I think the one thing I was missing and I didn't realize was so important to me was someone who was playful. ‐ What‐‐what's been a long‐term relationship for you up and to this point? ‐ My last long relationship was almost three years, and I really did think he was going to be the one, and I did a lot of reflecting and realized I was not being who I was truly meant to be. ‐ Right. ‐ And since then, I've been particular about, you know, who I want to date, and I've been quick to, you know, recognize a red flag. ‐ Yeah. ‐ You know, I think, before, I would just kind of ignore it, or you hope‐‐ maybe I'll change them or I'll help them, you know, and that's‐‐that's not it. You know, I am who I am, and I want to meet someone who is also ready and‐‐ and knows who they are, you know, 'cause then there's‐‐ there's no changing anybody. It's just we accept each other from the get‐go, and all we can do is grow together, and for me, after today, whatever happens at the end of this, I'm here for you through it all. You know, I know this is crazy, and I know time is short, but I'm committed, and I can see this continuing, and I'm very hopeful that, you know, my love story is your love story, and, uh, I'm here to the end if you want me to be. ‐ Katie and Matt, I have no idea where they stand, and I don't‐‐I don't know if she's coming home or not. ‐ Yeah. Yeah. I do feel like there definitely is a connection, but I do still think it's a wild card. Can he see the qualities in her that he sees in his person... ‐ Yeah. ‐ And his‐‐his wife? ‐ I think a lot of us could go on a one‐on‐one date and have a really good time, but if there's, like, that missing piece, a good time on the date doesn't mean that you're getting a rose. ‐ It's not fun and games anymore, you know? ‐ No, it's not. ‐ It really is, like‐‐ he's making tougher and tougher decisions. ‐ Right. ‐ I've been thinking about it, and I know you're always giving us women validation. And I don't know if you're getting the validation that you deserve, but I just want you to know, you know, you're doing a great job. ‐ Thank you. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I feel like it's hard for y'all. Like, you're living with the women who are, like, in the process too. ‐ Yeah, but today just was‐‐ it made it all worth it. I had so much fun. ‐ Well... I think back to the first night we met and how much our relationship's grown and how you've set the tone, not only for the women in the house, but this experience for them and for me. Um, I don't even know how to express to you how much I appreciate that and you and how much you've meant to me in this process. Um... But... you've been honest with me, and I owe the same honesty to you, and the truth is, my relationship with some of the other women in the house has progressed further along than ours has up and to this point, and I can't give you this rose tonight. And that's not a slight at who you are and what our time's been together. I just haven't had those feelings that I need to have in finding a wife in this process. ‐ Kay. ‐ Can I walk you out? ‐ Yeah. ‐ It's never been a question for me if Katie was an incredible woman, but I've gotta have that connection where I'm seeing you as my wife, and... ‐ This way? ‐ I'm just listening to my heart, and, um, it's not leading me in that direction. ‐ I wish you luck. There are some great women still in the house, so I hope you find everything you've been looking for and everything you deserve. ‐ Thank you. ‐ I just didn't see that coming at all, and I just felt, like, the blood drain from my face when he started to tell me that I wasn't getting the rose tonight. I was already picturing, like, what it would be like to spend time with him, you know, at, like, a football game with Tyler and his friends and my friends and... yeah. You start painting your future, only for it to be erased. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ ‐ Wow. ‐ I mean, that's the reality. ‐ It's getting serious. ‐ Yeah. ‐ I don't regret being myself. It just sucks that it wasn't enough. He has relationships forming with other women already. I just thought it was too soon to count me out as one of them. I know what I deserve, and I deserve a man who knows what I have to offer. I am who I am, and there's someone out there who wants that. ‐ It is insane to think that this is actually happening. I believe Matt could be my husband. I really do. It, like, makes my heart, like, race to think about that even, like, the possibility. Like, the butterflies are already kind of there. I think that I, like, envisioned this moment for so long that I'm ready to meet him and to see if Matt and I could fall in love and become engaged. Like, that's my dream. Like, all this would be worth it. Everything I went through, everything I had to do to get here, would be worth it. ‐ Tonight is very important for me. The past two Rose Ceremonies have been canceled because of situations in the house, so I need tonight for my relationship, and I really hope that I get that time tonight. Luckily, I think we will all get to speak to him tonight, and we'll have more time than we ever have in this setting, so... ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ That will be really nice. ‐ Yeah. You know, you can't move forward without that. Tonight should be literally a normal night, and with only ten ladies going into tonight, we should be able to get a good amount of time with Matt. ‐ There he is. ‐ Ooh! ‐ Ooh! ‐ Hi. ‐ What's going on? ‐ I like the suit. ‐ Hey. ‐ This is yours. ‐ How we doing? Ah, thank you. Um, this week has been incredible. It was a pivotal week for my relationship with you all, so cheers to a great night and spending time with everybody. ‐ Cheers. ‐ Can I steal you, Abigail? ‐ Sorry. ‐ Look at you. ‐ I'm nervous, but I'm excited. I'm‐‐I'm ready. I literally cannot believe it's happening, but it's happening. ‐ I just really enjoy my time with you, and I just want to reiterate that to you every time we're together that I look forward to seeing you every night. ‐ He seems really happy today. ‐ He did! ‐ Yeah. ‐ Like, so excited. ‐ So happy. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my gosh. ‐ He lit up the room tonight for sure, and just‐‐ugh. I feel like we all had a breath, like, when he walked in. I feel so much better. ‐ Yeah. ‐ Oh, my gosh. I, like, don't even have words. Oh, my gosh! Look at that. Holy crap. Oh, my gosh. ‐ Is it all over my face? ‐ Yeah. ‐ No, it's not. Is it‐‐ ‐ Hey, look. Don't even worry about it. We're just gonna rock with it. ‐ Really? No! ‐ Stop! It's okay. ‐ ‐ We'll handle it later. ‐ Okay. It's all over your face too, so... ‐ Good. ‐ So we'll do it together. ‐ Where were we? ‐ I'm just looking forward to, like, finally making it all about the love stories and less about, um, the gossip. ‐ Drama. ‐ So... ‐ Yeah. ‐ I think it's been very obvious that he wants someone that he can rely on to not bash people. He doesn't want an antagonist in the house, and, you know, I just say that very lightly in the sense that... ‐ What do you see? ‐ Rach! Rachael, there's someone coming. ‐ Someone's coming in. ‐ What? ‐ It's a new girl. It's not anybody‐‐ I've never seen this girl. ‐ Oh. Oh. Oh. ‐ Who is it? Who is it? ‐ Who is that? ‐ I'm freaking out. ‐ Sit down. ‐ It's too late for that. ‐ What is going on? ‐ ‐ I always get dessert before I eat dinner, so I would've stopped and gotten a cookie. ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ And then I would've either made dinner or we would've gone to, like, some, like, low‐key spot and had‐‐ Yeah. ‐ Sounds fun. ‐ Hey. ‐ Hi. Do you think I could talk to you for a sec? ‐ Heather? ‐ ‐ Pieper, I am so sorry. I just need a couple minutes. I'll be right back. I'll see you. ‐ Thank God. ‐ Hi! It's nice to meet you. ‐ ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ What the heck? ‐ Hi. ‐ What the? Some‐‐who is that? ‐ She's from Colton's season. ‐ Did she interrupt you? ‐ Yes! I was like‐‐ ‐ What did she say? ‐ I've been waiting all week to have a conversation with this guy who I just told that I'm falling in love with him, so this would be, like, a really good time to, like, plan my life with this dude, and this random‐ass girl walks in. I didn't say anything. I was like‐‐ like, Matt just started‐‐ ‐ Did he know her? Like, does he recognize her? ‐ Yes, he just started, like, cracking up, and I was like‐‐ ‐ Wait, what? He started laughing and, like‐‐ ‐ And then he was like, "Oh, my God, oh, my God." ‐ Okay, he knows her. ‐ I feel like I'm in a dream right now. ‐ I am literally shaking. My heart is pounding. I just‐‐I feel like I'm in a dream. Oh, my gosh. ‐ Wait. What just happened? ‐ What happened? ‐ Who is she? Like, who is she? ‐ We don't know her. ‐ She's from Colton's season. She's friends, I think, with Hannah Brown. ‐ So, um, you're probably wondering why I'm here, so I kind of want to tell you the whole story. ‐ I'm listening. ‐ Okay. Oh, my gosh. ‐ I'm literally shaking. ‐ She just, like, strutted in, she smiled at us, and then she just took a hard left. ‐ Yeah. What the? I don't really know this girl, and I kind of already don't like her. ‐ I'm stressed out and pissed off. ‐ She's had her time. Like, go home, please. ‐ At the end of the day, it is Matt's choice, and if Matt decides he wants to keep her, then I will have a reason to be upset and hate her even more. ‐ What, she's gonna come in and, like, marry him? No. Like... ‐ If you're gonna let a new girl come in or you're gonna give a new girl a rose over some of us that have been here for this long, then you better marry that girl, because the rest of us, we're gonna be pissed. ‐ If she gets a rose tonight, I'll be rageful. ‐ Next week on "The Bachelor"... ‐ You guys don't know me at all. ‐ Do you know Matt at all? ‐ Like, bitch, what are you doing? ‐ This virus is coming in. She's infecting the whole system. ‐ ‐ It's like, what are you doing here? ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Just, I've never had people be so mean. ‐ This feels like a dagger to the chest. ‐ Hometowns are two weeks away. ‐ No one has any idea where Matt's head is at. ‐ ‐ If he chooses her over me, it's over. ‐ Ah! And I don't want you to go. ‐ We are meant to be together. ‐ You've had your fun. Like, get out. ‐ Everything that he said he's felt for me has been a lie. ‐ What was the point of that? ‐ My heart's pulling me in another direction. ‐ It is so crazy. ‐ That could've happened to any of us. ‐ The drama continues next week on "The Bachelor." ‐ Matt, I hear you do karate. ‐ Oh, my gosh. I do not do karate. ‐ I feel like this is an appropriate time to bring that up. ‐ Do you wanna see me? ‐ Yeah. ‐ I'll do it for you. All right. I'm gonna need you to hold up a pillow for me. ‐ Yep. ‐ I don't know if your arms will go high enough to where I need it to‐‐ there you go. So you're gonna hold it to the side. ‐ Kay. ‐ All right. I'm gonna kick that out of your hand. ‐ You're gonna kick me in the face, aren't you? ‐ I promise I won't kick you in the face. ‐ Okay. Okay. ‐ You can actually get a little bit higher. ‐ Okay. ‐ That's‐‐all right. I'm gonna kick the bottom of it. ‐ You're making me really nervous. ‐ Actually, go to that‐‐ get the‐‐that side. Actually, that side. ‐ Are you stalling? ‐ Go back and forth. ‐ No! ‐ I'm gonna kick it. I'm gonna kick it. ‐ You're making me nervous. ‐ Don't be nervous. Drop that hand and just hold it with your‐‐there you go. You ready? ‐ No. ‐ I'm gonna kick it out of your hand. You have to drop it when I kick it, though. ‐ What? Okay. ‐ Ready? ‐ No. Okay, go, go. I'm ready. ‐ All right. ‐ My arm's getting tired. ‐ Your arm's getting tired? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 