The Bachelor: Season 25, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bachelor 
 s25e10 - Episode #25.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bachelor (2002–…): Season 25, Episode 10 - Episode #25.10 - full transcript 
 Matt and the remaining women enjoy romantic and perfectly tailored one-on-one dates before deciding whether they are ready to spend the night together; Matt addresses the relationship that has previously held him back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - this week is fantasy suites, and I'm really excited to get to know matt in a more intimate setting. I actually think I could really get used to this. - You think so? - Mm-hmm. Oh, my god. - I am in love with matt, and he's with another woman right now. I'm going insane. I can't do this anymore. - a dramatic new episode of "the bachelor" 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 starts right now. - last week was awesome. Hometowns went so well. I told matt that I was falling in love with him, and as much as it's scary, it feels 100% right. With matt and I, I feel like we do connect on every single level... and this is the week of overnights. This is a week where I get to really start to talk about the details with matt of what life would look like, and I want to know where his feelings are at. I am ready to spend the rest of my life with matt, and I'm ready to tell him that I'm ready. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - what a journey matt and I have been on. I don't think I could've predicted how quickly and easily I could... fall for someone. I mean, it's exciting, because matt's such an amazing and incredible and empathetic person, but it's also really hard. There are two other women that matt has really strong connections with, so fantasy suites are a really big deal. - I just can't wait to get that time with matt and tell him that I'm so sure of this, and I'm so sure of him, and I just feel it in every ounce of my being that he is who I'm supposed to be with. It's scary, because, you know, I still have that chance of losing him, but I do... I know I want it more than anything I've ever wanted. - in the beginning, it felt so far away... - Yeah. - Which is kind of crazy, considering how close we are. Yeah, now it's, like, envisioning myself being engaged at the end of this. - Mm-hmm. - Like, the hometown dates, we just learned so much about each other in that day, and so, like, at the end of the night, I know we all had a really hard time, like, sending matt home in the car after that, so it's kind of nice that, like, those conversations that happen at dinner get to carry into the night as well. - Yeah, it's... it's a big deal. I'm excited, though. - I am too. - Mm-hmm. - Good morning. - Hi. - Hi, chris. - Good morning. - How you doing? - Good. How are you? - Good. - I'm good. Thanks. This is, uh... this is really amazing and wild. The fact that we started with 38... Well, we didn't start with 38, but we got to 38... uh, and here we are, and so let's talk about this week. Each of you will have an amazing, romantic day and, yes, overnight dates. - Yeah. - You will each receive a fantasy suite card where the two of you will decide as a couple what you choose to do. You're gonna get that off-camera time to have tough conversations, to say whatever you wanna say, to figure out, really, what does your life look like? Where would we live? What do you believe in? What... you know, kids. All this stuff. Use that time wisely, um, as I know he will, 'cause I know he's very serious and very happy. So this is the first overnight... Card right here, so I'll leave it with you. And I hope to see all you ladies at the next rose ceremony. Thank you. - date card comes, and I'm hoping that I'm on this first one. Like, this is one of the most important days for us, ever. I just can't wait to just have that uninterrupted time to feel even closer to him than I already do feel now. - michelle. "it's time to get even closer. Matt." - yes. Ugh, I was totally freaking out. I'm happy that I get to go first. I'm so excited to go on this date. I have no idea what we're doing. I'm super excited that I get to see him today. When it's saying, like, it's time to get even closer, I hope that's the mindset he's in, 'cause that's the mindset I'm in. - it's a big week, and I'm excited about the overnights. I have three women that I could see myself marrying... but, for me, I'm conflicted, because one of the things that's been hard for me in past relationships is going deep and sharing who I am, what I'm about, and what I've been through. I guard myself. When tough conversations have come up, I ran from 'em, and there's still a lot of fear about what a long-term commitment looks like, based on what I've seen in my family in the past, and that's not healthy. It's not fair to me, it's not fair to the women that I'm pursuing, and so today's a big day for me. For my relationships to move forward with these women, there's a conversation I need to have... and that's with my dad. - What's going on? - What's up, bruh? Look at you. - How you doing? - Good, man. It's good to see you. - I think it's important for me to have this conversation with my dad today because I still have a lot of fear about what commitment looks like based on him and my mom's relationship, and that's not something I want to carry with me. What do you think so far? - Wow. This is beautiful. - Harboring that negativity in my life hasn't progressed any of my relationships. It's hindered my growth, and for me to move forward, I need to address those demons in my life, and, hopefully, today is the first step in doing that. - Well, it's nice to be here. - Yeah, it's good to see you. - It's nice to see you. - It's been a minute. - Yeah. It's been a great minute. Wow. You're doing well. - I'm trying to. It's hard. - You're doing well. You've always done well. It's no... I'm not worried about that. Yeah. - It's, uh... When I thought about, uh, coming out here, there was just a lot of stuff I was nervous about. Like, commitment and if it's something I'm ready for. - I don't see you having problems with that. - Yeah, no, it's... - You're gonna... You're gonna... You're gonna be great. - Thank you. - Yeah, you will. - Yeah. - Yeah. - It's, uh... for me, I want to have a family, and I want to be a dad, I want to be a father... - Wonderful. - And what that means to me is showing up, having tough conversations, being there, and I'm getting emotional as I'm talking about it, because I'm thinking about my life and... and the things that I feel like I've missed out on, because I guard my heart and I guard my feelings and emotions because of what I've been through with you and what I've been through with our family. - You... you can't do that. You gotta let that go and just open up, matt. - Well, I think part of that, for me, is having this conversation with you, because it's not something that we've talked about, you know? - Right, in a very long... Yeah, yeah, yeah. - And when I needed you, you weren't there to have those conversations. You started other families. That affected me... and I need to know where your head was at so that I don't make those same mistakes going forward. - I don't wish to make that same mistake, 'cause we never had this conversation before. If you had came to me in the past, I would've had this conversation with you before this talk tonight. - Yeah, but th... - I mean, I would've talked to you. - Yeah, but that's... That's what... That's kind of what I'm getting at. Like... - Yeah. - There was never a time to have that conversation because I needed it when you weren't there. - I hate to stop you, though. I didn't have that either. My father was killed when I was five, matt. So, yeah, I'ma take some of that blame of me not showing up as a father figure much as, supposedly, it's supposed to be, but do you know what I went through? You want me to tell you the reality of what I went through? Do you know what I went through with your mom when you guys were, like, two or three? You want me to tell you reality, bruh? I came home one day. Your mom and d... Your mom was gone, bruh. - For good reason. Who wants to be with someone who's not gonna be faithful to 'em? - Nobody's perfect, son. Look around you in this world. Who's perfect? I'm not perfect. You're not perfect yourself. - you know, we make mistakes in our life. We're gonna fall. It's how you get up. - Would you want your daughter to be with someone who disrespected her and cheated on her? - Yes... no, I... I wouldn't want them to, but if there's... if there's... - dad, look at me, look at me. Look at me, look at me. - Yes, yes, I would... you right. - You would want them to be with someone like that? - It's not good to... yeah, it wasn't a good thing that I was cheating. I'm not proud of it. - So why are you trying to, like... I'm... we're... I'm trying to have a real conversation with you. We don't... I'm not... I don't want you to make excuses. I just want you to hear where I'm coming from. You're talking about mom leaving you. - Yes. - I thank god that she had the courage to stand up for herself and do something because of the situation you put her in. - I'm not here to discuss me and your mother's relationship and stuff like that. I'm here to celebrate your success. - This isn't a celebration. This is a journey for me that I'm going on, and... and for me to get through it, I'm having to address these demons that we're talking about right now, and these are the hard conversations that we haven't had that I'm ready to have. That's... that's why you're here, dad. If... if we wanted to go celebrate, we'd go to chuck e. Cheese. I... I... I wanted you here because I want to have a relationship with you going forward, and for me to have that with you, you have to know where I'm at. Frankly, I don't know what I could... I could take away from this conversation. It doesn't seem like it's hitting home for him. I remember, growing up, he'd come around every now and then, drop off some shoes, buy us pizza. I didn't need shoes, man. I didn't need any shoes. I didn't need any pizza. I needed a dad. We've all been through a lot, and I get that I don't know what it was like to grow up in africa without a dad, like you did, but I know what it's like to grow up here without a dad and a bunch of other stuff that hardens my heart and closes me off, and I'm trying to address all those things now so that when I get into these relationships, it's not something that rears its head down the road. - I agree with you, son, 'cause you are... In a situation right now where you have to make some... Life-lasting decisions about... Things that you never learned from me. I'll try, matt. I'll try. I'm sorry I hurt you, son. - okay. Needed to get... had to get to this point to, uh... whatever I can do to make it better, I'll work on it, 'cause I want you to be happy, too, for the rest of your life, and I want you to have a relationship that's healthy and not like what I went through. - thank you. - Just, I don't... I don't like this. - me neither. - And I don't like it that you far away from me. - I don't want it to be like this either, and I want you to be a part of any relationship I'm in going forward, and in my kids' lives going forward, because you're my dad, and as much as I missed out on our relationship, there's still a lot of life for both of us to live, and... I forgive you. I'm not holding grudges against those things. I just want us to move forward and... - I love you, bruh. - I love you too. I haven't had a conversation like that with my dad, ever. - still kick your ass in soccer. I don't think so. - I'm still a beast. - he finally gets to this point where he's like, "you know what? I'm sorry." but, um, like, it's not a one-time thing, and it's fixed. - I love you. - Love you too. - Yeah. Doing great, man. I'm proud of you. - Thank you. One conversation isn't gonna change the way someone thinks or feels about something. It's just gonna be continued conversation, and that's what I felt like. This was a great starting point for my dad and I. I love you, dad, and I... I... There's no hard feelings for me. I just want you to... I just wanted you to hear me out, you know? - Yeah, and you right about everything you said. You completely right. - Moving forward, it just confirms for me that I'm not the man that my dad is, and just because I'm his son doesn't mean I have to follow in his footsteps. I believe my person's here. I'm absolutely excited, so right now, it's one-on-one overnights this week. Can't wait. - today's been a heavy day. I feel like I grew a lot after that conversation with my dad. It was me just reassuring myself that I'm not him, and I don't have to make the mistakes he made, and we're different humans, and then here I am... The start of fantasy suite week. This first overnight hopefully puts to rest a lot of the insecurities I had about what a long-term commitment looks like. I am so excited about spending this time with michelle. I feel strongly about her and our relationship, especially coming off meeting her family, and last week, michelle told me that she was falling in love with me, so I'm just looking forward to picking up where we left off last week. - Hello. - Hi. You look great. Your little rain jacket. Mm. - Hi. - Hi. So last week, during hometowns, you introduced me to your students, and I had a little glimpse... - at what goes into your life and being a teacher and all the stress and personalities you have to balance, and I thought to myself, "what better way and who more deserving of a spa day..." "than..." - yay. - "michelle?" so this is gonna be a traditional pennsylvania dutch spa day. - Okay, that... - You know what that means? - No. That made me nervous. - Gonna be honest with you. I have no idea... - All right. - What a pennsylvania dutch spa day is, but I'm excited that I'ma be doing it with you. - As long as it's with you, I think we can handle it. I'm optimistic. - You know? - I hope so too. It does not matter what I'm doing with matt. I just want to be with him. This week is so important. This is a week where we're able to take the next step in our relationship. We're getting down to that engagement, so this is the biggest date I've ever been on, and I'm ready to get even closer to matt today with whatever that means we're doing. Wow. What is this? Is that milk? - I have no idea. - are you gonna taste it? - I'm not tasting it. - Taste it. - I'm not tasting it. I don't know what it is. - Oh, wait, what is this? - I have no idea. - this is weird. There's a bear in the corner... a container... Looks like oatmeal, a massive tub full of this... Looks like milk. - Those white swim trunks. - but it looks relaxing, you know? They got the candles lit. It's warm. There's fur everywhere. It looks like michelle and I are in for a day. - that's weird. - that sounds terrible. - it does smell good, though. - Doesn't it? - Yeah. Do you think it's just oatmeal, though? - I think so. - Thought you were gonna taste it. - I am not tasting this. You won't. I'm into it, you know? The pennsylvania dutch experience. We're just enjoying each other's company. - that's what I love about michelle. She can make anything fun, and she's not afraid to laugh at herself. - this is really good for your skin. I smell like a sugar cookie. Melt the butter down. Apply the butter. Oh, yeah, there it is. - That's just, like, the release of the stress. - I made sure to cover all of matt's surfaces. How do you not grow closer after smearing butter over somebody? Oh, gosh. I really feel like matt is my person. We can be sitting in a milk bath covered in butter, and it feels comfortable. Perfect. Like, it feels like home. - what do you think was the most... - Relaxing? - Yeah. - Either the oatmeal or the milk bath. - The milk bath? - 'cause... yeah. 'cause it... I don't know, for, like, my muscles. I was significantly more relaxed than I thought I was going to be. - Yeah, no, I enjoyed the oatmeal. - Yeah, you really liked the oatmeal. I could tell. - I loved the oatmeal. - how'd you feel about last week? Last week was so special. I mean, you being able to, like, see such a big part of my life with meeting my mom and my dad, um... Yeah. My feelings definitely grew a lot just because you were able to see, like, who I am, where I came from, and so I'm really happy that you were able to meet everybody that you did. - Me too. - How did you feel about it? - I felt relaxed. I felt comfortable. Um, the most comfortable, probably, of anybody that I was introduced to last week. - Really? - Yeah. - Aw, that makes me happy. - And it's... yeah, no, it's just a testament to how you were raised and your family, and they just seem to be so in love with each other... - Yeah. - And, like, there's nothing that I feel like either one of 'em wouldn't do for you or each other. - They really talk through everything. Like, when we made decisions, it was very much like a team... - Yeah. - Feeling. It's so cool to see, because they will, like, laugh together. Like, they get the giggles and are laughing... - I saw it. Yeah. - So hard together. Like, everyone talks about, like, falling in love, falling in love and being in love, and I think those are really important conversations, but I think it's also super important to talk about, like, staying in love. Like, how do you plan to stay in love? Because it does take work... - Yeah. - And the type of love, like, changes when things get hard or even when you have a family or kids are involved in. You're exhausted, you're tired, and it might look a little different, but, like, how are you going to intentionally do small things to, like, show the other person that you're still thinking of 'em or that you haven't lost that spark? And... Yeah. - I hadn't thought about it like that. - Mm-hmm. - I like that a lot. - Yeah. - Staying in love. - Staying in love. Yeah. I don't know. I think, looking at my parents, like, I think I have a good idea on how to do it. I feel like I do. - Yeah. Michelle's parents have been married for 30-plus years. That's what I want for myself. I think about hopes and dreams I have for the relationship I am gonna have with my wife one day, and I see that in michelle and our relationship, and that's what I'm thinking about going into tonight. We're two people that could be married, and we're two people that could spend the rest of our life together. Tonight's huge for us. Michelle and I's relationship could change forever. - I had a great day with michelle. Our connection just took off. - Hello, there. - Hi. How we doing? - Good. You look nice. - You look incredible. Every moment I've spent with her, she's showing me parts of her life, what life would look like with her, and it's all things that pull me closer. - Aww. - Tonight, I'm just gonna continue to be open, be vulnerable, and tap into my emotions and feelings, and I'm hoping that we touch on as much as possible, but it could be scary to share things with someone who you see a future with. - I wanted to start by saying I hope that you know you can talk to me about anything. It's super important for me to know why you are the way you are, you know? - How much time do you have? As long as you'd like... - for the rest of your life. - Um, you mean a lot to me, and if we're gonna be spending the rest of our life together, I want you to know everything about me... - Mm-hmm. - And that starts with my family, 'cause those relationships form my views and shape me into who I am... - Mm-hmm. - For better or for worse, and I've been trying to figure out why I'm the way I am, why I'm not in a serious relationship, why I don't have a girlfriend. Like, wh... why... why? And as I get to the root of that, it's a lot of those insecurities that are rooted in everything that happened with my dad and my mom. And when I thought about my mom and dad's relationship, I think about... distrust, unfaithfulness, lack of communication, and it's something I wanted to talk to him about, and I had that opportunity. Um, I just asked him about his actions, you know? Like, he hurt my mom. But my point wasn't to ream him out. - Right. - It was to let him know that in spite of all those things, like, here I am. Like, I'm ready to make a decision, and I'm not gonna be... You. I wanna be the man he wasn't, and tying it back to why I'm here and marriage and being engaged, I just wanted you to know where I was coming from and, like, what I was working on in my life so that I was ready for the type of commitment that comes at the end of this, so... - Well, thank you for sharing that with me, and thank you for, like, sharing that part of your heart with me even though it was a painful one, and even though I grew up in this, like, situation where I had a really good example of love. I think you still bring just as much to the table from having your example of love that you saw, and for you to sit down and have that conversation with him is just a huge step. - And the fact that you asked and care about that means a lot. - Well, I'm here for you. I know what I feel in my heart for you... and it feels completely right, and it feels crazy saying that, but I do look at you as my person and as that person that I want to spend the rest of my life with, and so I want you to know 100% where I'm at, and that's where I'm at. What a sneaky spot. - Can you read this for us? "michelle and matt, "I hope you've enjoyed your relaxing day here at nemacolin. "you've had an incredible journey to get to this point. "should you choose to forego your individual rooms, "please use this key to stay together as a couple. Chris harrison." I would love the opportunity to truly get to know each other and hopefully progress our relationship, and I see it progressing our relationship, and so I would love to take that time with you. - What do you say we get out of here? - Let's go. Being able to know that I'm in love with matt, it's comforting, because he is the one that I'm supposed to spend the rest of my life with. I've known for a while, anyways, of the ending that I want to come out of this, which is hopefully a proposal, and it's finally within reach. Beautiful. There's no question. There's no, "well, maybe I need to explore this relationship," or, "I'm still deciding." ooh. And so I want things to be more intimate. I'm ready for things to get serious. I'm ready to have those, like, deep conversations. Tonight, I want to be vulnerable and express how I truly am feeling and where my feelings exactly are at. I think this process has really shown me that, like, if something's on my heart or on my mind, to not hold onto that and to actually say it, and... it feels right to say it, so I'm gonna say it. I love you, matt. Wow. To be able to tell matt that I'm in love with him was such a relief. Like, this is happening. - all of the weeks put together don't feel as hard as this week, and then the fact that he is with michelle right now, like, it's just driving me absolutely insane. - Mm-hmm. - And they're getting ready to go spend that night together. - oh, wow. - like, it's actually... like, happening. - I am in love with matt, and he's with another woman right now. My heart... Is gonna explode. I don't wanna think about it, but it's all I can think about. I'm going insane. My worst nightmare is, like, him spending the night with someone else. On a scale of one to ten, how happy are you right now? - 11. - Yeah? - Yeah. - I woke up feeling incredibly happy. Matt's laying next to me. That's... yeah. Felt like something that I could get used to. I'm really happy that I got to tell you what was on my heart yesterday, and... I love that I get to tell you that I'm in love with you. - And thank you for sharing that, again, with me. - Thank you for responding like you did. I am in love with matt, and thinking about an engagement with him does not scare me. - What do you think? - I could get used to mornings like this. What scares me is the feeling of knowing that you don't want to spend the rest of your life without that person, and so I'm hoping that matt feels the same things that I am. I'm happy where we're at. - Me too. - I'm happy where we're headed. - Me too. - I love you. - waking up next to michelle this morning, it's not hard to see a life with her. It just works. She's an amazing woman, and where we went last night was incredible. Michelle! It's almost unfair just having this type of experience off the bat. It just sets the bar at a place that is gonna be tough to beat, you know? Because the way that we interact with one another and how we connect, it's special. She could be my wife. - last night, I got so nauseous. Just the thought of literally... - Mm-hmm. - Like, him being in bed with someone else, that made me sick to my stomach. - Oh, my god. - That's how I felt last night. And then, of course, yeah, that was the first thing I thought about this morning. - Hi. - Hello. - What's up? How are you guys doing? - we're not okay. No? - No. How are you? - I'm good. What'd you guys do? - we went to the spa... And it was, like, a pennsylvania-inspired spa, so we, um, bathed each other in sticks of butter... And took a milk bath. So it was not like the normal spa day... - A regular spa. - But yeah. But it was... Memorable. So... - Yeah. - It was good. - Yeah. - You guys are gonna really enjoy just, like, the time that you get with matt and, like, the time that you get to have, like, conversations and conversations and conversations, and so... Yeah, that's what I wanted going into the night, and that's what I got out of it, and so I was really happy about it. - how are... You guys are struggling. I can see that. - Yeah. - I am having a tug-of-war with myself between being really excited to see matt and also just being extremely frustrated... - with the situation, and I don't really know how to work through both of those emotions. - this is awful. - Mm-hmm. - I'm battling between being jealous, and I'm battling between being hurt and excited and happy and in love and... I'm gonna go get ready for my date. - bye, bri. - I mean, last week, I was given the last rose, and so it's hard for me to not question if my relationship with him is enough, and that's... that's hard. I feel like there's more pressure on this date than there's ever been on any date, ever. I have no idea how I'm going to keep my together. - I am very excited to see matt today. Obviously, today is not just any date. It's our overnight date today. After getting the third rose last week, I definitely was in my head about where our relationship stood, but given how important this week is, now is my time to continue to show matt that I am falling in love with him, and I'm hoping for it to be a life-changing day today. But there is a lot of pressure on it. - mm. Hi. - What are we gonna do today? - Not so fast. Welcome to the outdoors. - You know I love the outdoors. - What's the most amount of time you've spent in the woods? - Um, probably this entire time. Really? - good. So we are going to be hiking through the woods... - Uh-huh. - And I've got sleeping bags. I've got all the different tools that we'll need to navigate our trail today. Okay. A little nervous. Looks like we're going camping. - Today, I get to spend the entire day with bri, and I'm very excited. This is your backpack. - The lightest one? - Yes. Oh! Today is huge for bri and I. We're a few days away from an engagement... - Hey, these are cute. - And she's already told me that she's falling in love with me. It's exciting, but it's also scary. - Oh, god. Here we go. - You look like dora the explorer. - well, what do you look like? I look like a park ranger. - any time I spend with bri is incredible. Watch out for this river. Ooh. And what's important to me right now is our relationship and how much these next hours, days, mean in my life and in bri's life. And when you're walking, make sure that you're putting... Because there's snakes out here, so you don't wanna step on one. - I don't know if snakes live in pennsylvania. - I promise there are snakes out here. - For real? - Yeah, big ones. - are we going the right way still? - Hold on. - I'm sure the last thing that bri wanted to do was be out in the woods... All right, we're supposed to be going this way. - Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. - But the truth is, I'm not letting her in on the secret that I've never been camping in the woods. We've landed. - This is base camp... - Okay. - And the first thing we should do is pitch our tent. - Okay. - I'll help you. - Strapped me in all the way. And you know how to pitch a tent? - Yeah, I know how to pitch a tent. I've pitched many tents. - All right. - Here we go. - Okay. You gotta go harder. Just let it all out. I don't know how I always end up with my dates outside, because I am the least outdoorsy person. - You gotta get the whole thing through there. - No, no, no, no, no, no. We have to tie it up at the top. - you right. You right. - I did tell matt last week that I was falling in love with him, and it was emotional to tell matt and see him leave afterwards, but that's why today is really, really important. I think it could help us take that next step and really envision together what a future looks like. - you did it. - Thanks for helping me pitch the tent. - You're welcome. I honestly wouldn't have been able to get it up. Mm. - I want you to be comfortable, 'cause it's gonna be a long night. It's gonna get warmer. We'll have pjs on. - - why are you laughing? - I thought matt was joking, but then I started thinking, "oh, I think we're actually sleeping in the tent tonight." this is our fantasy suite. Is this where we're sleeping? - We're not camping out here tonight. - oh. - As much as I wanted to have you out here in the woods... the things you do for love. - Well, it's safe to say that neither one of us is men or women of the woods. - I was like, "please, don't be camping, please, don't be camping," and we're having a lot of fun. - is that hard to admit? No, it's not, and I'm having a lot of fun. I didn't know what to expect going into this week. Um, we did see michelle walking in from her date, and I didn't really expect it to hit as hard as it did. Um... But it did. I think that's just because I care, and there are really strong feelings involved, and it's getting harder to compartmentalize 'cause there's a lot of things that are not in my control whatsoever. I mean, if it were up to me, I wanna see you every day. - what was it like having bri, your best friend, here and your mom here last week? - Mm-hmm. It was... oh, my gosh. So overwhelming, but in the best way. - When we walked in and, like, everyone started crying, I was like... - I didn't know what to expect, you know? - So embarrassing. - No, it's not embarrassing. It's real. Like... - Mm-hmm. - That's how I would want my family and friends to show up for me. - So my mom didn't scare you away? - No, she didn't scare me at all. Um, I was just nervous because... I know how I feel about you, and I know how much she means to you, so going into that conversation, it was like, "god, please don't let me say anything dumb," and just, like, be myself, and, um, just, like, this date, I was looking forward to it, 'cause it's like you're someone I wanted to spend this time with since the beginning of this journey, and I'm like, "I've got all this stuff "I want to talk to bri about. I'm gonna..." - - and, like, it's organically come out through our conversations, just through spending time, and it's just a testament to how comfortable I am around you and who you are. - that makes me really happy. It feels so reassuring to hear him say today, like, "I have these things that I wanna talk to bri about," so I'm looking forward to that time tonight, and there is an engagement coming up. It's right around the corner, so I have to lay it all out there and show matt what life would be like with me being his wife. Tonight could be life-changing. - today was everything I could've hoped for. Hi. - You look incredible. - Matt has done an incredible job at giving me reassurance that he feels the same way that I do. - Shall we? - Yes. I want to continue to gauge where his head is at, and I need to ask him if he feels ready to be engaged in the next week or so. Gosh, it's so pretty. If matt got down on one knee tonight, I would 1,000% say yes. So tell me, woman of the woods... - what'd you think about our... our date today? - After every single date... - Yeah. - That I feel like we've had, I always say, "I would never do something like that." - mm-hmm. - And you're welcome for pitching the tent. You're not gonna let that go. - but I'm just wanting to check in on you, because it almost also does just feel like yesterday that we had our first one-on-one date. - Doesn't it? Yeah. I'm... I'm... I'm good. Like, for everything to be real for me, I have to see what our life would be like outside of here... - Mm-hmm. - And we did that last week, you know? - Yeah. - I met your mom, and I'm thinking about you potentially meeting my family. Um, my mom, she sacrificed everything, like your mom did, so that you could have your opportunities, and she's just incredible, you know. - Yeah. Well, she sounds like a really amazing woman. - She's great. - I would be lucky to get the opportunity to meet her, and I did want to backtrack a little bit, too, because I'm just wanting to know how you feel about an engagement coming up in such a short amount of time, and I just want to know where your head is at and see if it's still there. - An engagement? - Mm-hmm. - Um... That's a great question, because there's things that... in my life that have held me back from... Not commitment, but just, worrying about what that would look like. - Mm-hmm. - Like, what does marriage, what does engagement, what does that long-term commitment look like? - Yeah. - And one of those things that, like, I just needed to address to get over the hump was the relationship with my dad... - Mm-hmm. - And so... We had a conversation we probably should've had a long time ago, and it got a little bit intense because I'm letting him know how I feel and how him not being ready for marriage affected myself, my brother, my mom, and really my dating relationship... My relationship with women, and the point of that conversation was to remind myself that that's not who I am, you know? - Mm-hmm. - Like, I'm my own man, and I think and act independently of how he does. - Yeah. - It took me having that conversation with him to have me in that place where I think I need to be to be ready for this commitment. That was, like, a major part of... of me moving forward with this. - Yeah. Yeah. Well, I appreciate you telling me that. Um, I remember, on our first night, we talked about us having somewhat of estranged relationships with our dad. I mean, my dad is around, but he's never really been a part of my life in milestone moments in my life, whatsoever, but, you know, I do think that I would want my dad to be a part of this journey. I think him knowing, um... who I've become and the woman that I've become without him would give him, probably, a lot of peace of mind to know that... I'm still, like, okay. I've always wondered, like, how my relationship with him would manifest in my relationships down the line... - Mm-hmm. - I mean, it's, like, hard to not be authentic, um, throughout this entire experience, and I wanna make sure that, like, I'm continuing to remind myself why I came, and if it's any reassurance to you, I still feel... 100% ready for an engagement after this, and what I'm feeling is that... I really am so in love with you, because it means the world to me that you can understand me, and it really just goes to show why I love you and the things that I love about you. - bri told me that she was in love with me, and it's a great feeling. It's that feeling that you can't explain, that feeling that is undeniable. She's someone I could see myself spending the rest of my life with... There's another thing I wanted to run by you. And I know now what that commitment means. Tonight could change my life, and it could change bri's life. - "bri and matt, "should you choose to forego your individual rooms, "please use this key "to stay as a couple in the fantasy suite. Chris harrison." I mean, I would, personally, just love the uninterrupted and undisturbed time to talk to you and be with you and hang out with you. - should we head out of here? - Let's go. I feel really good about telling matt that I'm in love with him. I continue to impress myself at how much I'm able to open up to matt. - wow. - I feel so happy and so excited to find love with matt. Hey. I'm hoping that tonight is the first night together of many to come. I'm so happy to share this time with you. - Me too. What do you say we kick them out? - Kay. I want matt to wake up tomorrow morning and think that he is waking up to his wife. - oh, my god. I actually think I could really get used to this. - You think so? - Mm-hmm. - Was last night what you expected? - It was everything I expected and a little bit more. Really? I am feeling extremely happy. Last night just reaffirms that I am in love with you. Last night definitely felt like it could be life-changing. Having the undisturbed time with matt, I got to know really intimate parts about him. Oh, my god. - Can never be too much butter. - You're gonna kill me. - Never too much butter. - Fatten bri up. He did share with me that he's ready for an engagement, and that puts my mind at ease. I just really look forward to the next time that I get to spend with you because every time gets better and better. I am just in a state of pure bliss. I feel like I'm on cloud nine and so in love. I'm really going to miss you. - I think last night was big for me and bri. We connect on the deepest of levels. She's been open, honest, and that's what's gotten us to this point. It's what I've been looking for and what I came here for. I can see a life with bri after this, and it's hard to see her leave, because I know the next time I'ma see her is at the rose ceremony. Bri's the second woman that's told me that she's in love with me. As incredible as that is to hear, it's not gonna be easy sending someone home after spending this time together. These women are putting their heart out there for me. I have such strong feelings for everybody. It doesn't make this decision that I have to make at the end of the week any easier. - it was just hard to know that, like, you had these really intimate conversations with him just about everything, and, like, I just haven't gotten that chance. - Mm. - So I'm worried that hearing bri, you know, go through the same thing, talk about her day and her time, it's... I'm worried about it. - Yeah. I don't wanna see her. - hi. - Hey. - Hi. How are you guys? - You know. - Same old, same old? - Yeah, nothing's changed. How are you? - Good. - What'd you guys do? - It was a really good time. We went backpacking and camping. - like, you didn't sleep out there, did you? - No, but I actually, for a second, actually thought that. - but it ended up being a fun... fun time anyways, so, um... It was a good day. Yeah. Um... The uninterrupted, undisturbed time... I'm not even lying to you guys. Like, worth the wait, honestly, but, um, it was really nice. Yeah. So... It was good. Are you excited for your date, rach? - Yeah, but, of course, like, I'm getting in my head about... It just feeling different 'cause he's already been through so much this week. I think that's, like, the biggest fear in my mind right now. - yeah. All right, well, I guess I'm gonna go get ready for my day. - Bye, rach. - is she okay? - She's having a really hard time just with everything, so I think that's what's happening. It's just scary. I think I'm just really feeling the pressure about our time together. It hurts seeing how they feel and seeing how they felt the morning after and hearing what they both had to say. I'm worried about how he feels, what he's thinking. I don't know. I'm freaking out. I know how I feel about him. I know that I love him. I know that this is love because I don't feel like I can live without him, but I really did break this week. At this point, I just want to be like, "just tell me. Like, do I need to walk away?" I'm just scared he's gonna hurt me. - I went into fantasy suite week with zero expectations, but the conversations I had with michelle that first night, what bri and I discussed, the questions that she brought up, every fantasy suite this week has been huge. Knowing how I wake up feeling the next morning, the bar is very high today. This time with rachael, I couldn't be more excited. I hope that she's coming into today as fired up as I am about where our conversations go and where our time takes us. - I feel the most nervous I've ever felt before seeing him. You know, I feel like my heart is in my throat. I'm just really worried his feelings have changed throughout the week and he has a stronger connection with someone else. One of my biggest fears right now is walking up and just having it feel immediately different between us. - been a while. - Hi. - Hi. - I missed you. - I missed you too. Mm. - Like, a lot. It's been, like... Like, the hardest week of my life. - I'm excited to see you... - Mm-hmm. - And to... For what we have planned today. - Mm-hmm. Okay. - So what do you say? - Yeah, let's do it. How've you been? - Um, I'm all right. I've been thinking about you. - I've been worried about that. - I can see that rachael has something on her heart and on her mind, and I'm feeling that as I'm walking up to our date. I have no idea what she was going through. - Hi, guys. - Hey. - Welcome. My name is lauren, and I'm going to be your ceramics instructor for today. - Perfect. - This being the last of the... the overnights, it's a big day for me and rachael's relationship. I'm hoping that she's all right. - The first thing you're gonna do is start with a really strong foundation. The thing that's great about ceramics is that it really is like building a relationship. You have an idea in your head of how it's gonna turn out, but things change, and so you need to be flexible and understanding. Ooh, ooh, ooh. - It got lopsided. Dang it. Why is yours looking better? - I'm not, like, completely 100% right now. I'm just freaking out about how today's gonna go. He was with two other women just in a matter of, like, hours ago, days ago. - But your fingers are going to go inside the hole, and you're going to gently... - The thought of him getting intimate with another woman, like, it is absolutely excruciating. I'm beating myself up about it. - How are we doing? - I need... I feel like I need to talk to you. I don't want it to, like, ruin our day. I think I really just have a lot to get off my chest, and I just want to sit him down and get answers. Like, I just don't want to wait around for the heartbreak. Um... this week was, like... Like, unbearable for me. Um... You know, like, I... I picture you as my future husband. I know you know that, and, you know, when I picture you as that person for me, and then knowing that you're spending really intimate time with other people, like, I really didn't think I would get through this week, honestly. Um, like, it was the lowest that I've felt. - Yeah. - I do want you to look into every single relationship to where, you know, when you do make that decision at the end of all of this, you are, like, fully confident in that decision and you know it's the right one, so I get it. Like, I know you have to do what you have to do, but... - Yeah. - Like, I've been getting in my mind, thinking, like, if your mind's changed about how you feel for me and everything, you know, and if, you know, like, you don't see a future with me, at this point, and I just don't know how I would be able to, like, handle losing you. I didn't really want to start today like this, but I just felt like... - No. - I needed to just get it all out. - I'm glad we're doing it. Like... like, there's not a right time to have it, this conversation. Like, whenever you're feeling this, I want to talk about it. There's no easy way to go about these next two weeks, but it's necessary... - Mm-hmm. - So that, at the end of this, you can have 100% assurance in where I'm at with you and us, and... As respectfully as I can go about it, do the same with everybody. - um... again, when I'm with you, you're all I'm thinking about... - Mm-hmm. - And today's your day. I wanted you to be in the best place for our time this week... - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. - And, like, rest up from our parachuting. No, I'm serious. I, uh... that scared me. Like, I don't like to take myself to, like, a dark place, but I did when I saw you hit the ground. It freaked me out, you know, and when I saw you laying there, I wanted you to be okay. - Mm-hmm. - That was, like, really the first time I was like, "what would life be like without rachael?" and I'm only gonna say things that I mean and do things that I mean and feel... - Mm-hmm. - And I'm gonna continue to show you how I feel about you and where I'm at with you as I'm falling in love with you. - I believe you. You know, I'm, like, head over heels for you. I'm completely in love with you. I'm really happy I was honest with matt. He really does make me feel so good, and I just really feel like I gained that confidence back. Okay, that actually looks really good. I really am in love with him, and I'm just a happier, better person when I'm with him. Every part of me wants matt, and I'm really excited for tonight to actually have him all to myself. Oh, my god. Wait. That was really impressive. - Hello. - Hey. Are you cold? - No. I'm great. - How are you? - I'm good. I'm excited for tonight. - You look so cute. - Thank you. - I love what you're wearing. - You look good. - I can't feel my feet. - Let's go inside. - Yeah. Tonight is our potential fantasy suite and probably the most important night that I spent with matt. Being intimate's really important to have in a relationship, especially someone that you're gonna spend the rest of your life with, so I'm nervous going into tonight. Oh, this is cute. I really do put walls up, and I've never let my guard down like this, but I see him as my husband. You know, I want to be his wife, and I feel like there's just, like, that really special intimacy that you share with one another that you don't share with anyone else. So that's exactly what I'm looking for tonight. - wow. That looks great. Is that one of the dresses? - Yep. Mm-hmm. - How are you feeling? I think, um... Yeah, I think I had a really good day with you. I feel like... I'm kind of, like, mad at myself for being so worried this week. I've really struggled with, you know, putting my guard down and being completely open and honest and really communicating exactly how I feel, so, like, I really didn't want to do that today, but I also knew I had to. - No, and I want you to be comfortable to have those conversations... - Yeah. - Because I haven't in the past. I'm trying to do all the things that I wish I would've done in the past, and one of those being communication... - Yeah. - And, I mean... - I mean, I've told you the same thing for me. Like... - Yeah. - Ever since that very first night and being able to just let that guard down, as scary as it is... - Mm-hmm. - I've already found a lot of, like, comfort in leaning on you, and I think that, like, I've just been so worried about getting hurt and getting heartbroken that I haven't even really thought about if that's something that you're worried about, 'cause I didn't know if you have had, like, any worries or any insecurities throughout this whole thing. - I felt like... a lot of things in my past relationships, I held back because of personal things that I hadn't addressed, and being here, I'm just like, "what's holding me back from that next step?" - yeah. - And the way that I was raised and, um, like, not having my dad around and how that affected us, like, what I saw as marriage, a relationship, at a young age, maybe things from that I'm projecting or had projected on relationships I've been in, and I just know I needed to talk to him. And having that conversation helped me have clarity about what I want... - I was gonna ask if you got any clarity. - Yeah, 100%. That's what I've been trying to do with you, with myself, is just make sure that my mind's cleared of anything that would keep me from pursuing you and love wholeheartedly. - Mm-hmm. - Because the big conclusion for me at the end of that conversation was I'm nothing like my dad. You know? What I view family, relationship, and commitment is different than him. - I mean, I think, like... I hate to... 'cause I obviously don't know exactly, like, what you went through, but I do think that you learned so much from it, from what it sounds like. Of course, you would've chosen to have it differently growing up, but I think that you are the man that you are today because of all of those things... Or in spite of not having him there. - Yeah. - And I know that you would never, you know, walk away from a family. - I can't tell you how much I appreciate that. - You know, I love the idea of you always being there for me, but also for them. You're all I think about, and, you know, when I'm thinking about you, it is about our future together and you getting down on one knee at the end of this, and... You know, I don't know exactly where you're at. If you do feel like something's holding you back because of that relationship with your dad, I'm glad that you, you know, did get some clarity. I wanted to tell you that I am 100% completely ready for that if you give us that chance, and I am ready to take on life with you and, like, whatever it throws our way. - same. - I really do think that. You're laughing at me. - I'm... I'm happy. I'm not laughing. - But I... no. I really do think that. If you had a ring in your pocket right now and pulled it out, I would say yes. I feel like I've been ready for, like, weeks up to this point. - tonight, I'm just thinking about what life would look like with rachael, the man that I want to be and the family I want to have, and she continues to blow me away. Well, there is one more thing. - Okay. - Do you want to read it? She's smart, beautiful, she's articulate, she's sexy, and everything that she embodies... it's, uh... it's incredible. - "should you choose to forego your individual rooms, please use this key..." - I'm falling for rachael, and I wanna continue to show rachael how much I care about her, and I couldn't think of a better way to spend the night. - Yeah, I mean, I really do want that time with you. I've really been looking forward to that time with you. - let's do it. I cannot wait to have this night with him, especially after having a really hard week, but, you know, I would jump out of that plane again. I would go through this week again. I would do everything 100 more times to be here right now. I've really needed this uninterrupted time with him. - What do you think? Wow. This is, like, actually happening. I feel like I couldn't be any more excited. I get to spend the night with the man that I love, and I get to wake up next to him. What the hell? Oh, my god! Wait. - - oh, my god. As if my time with matt tonight couldn't be any more magical already. I've never wanted anyone more in my entire life. I really do love the man. I wanna spend my life with him, I wanna be his wife, and I am so ready for this. I hope that he goes and gets a ring while I'm asleep and... I wake up with a ring on my finger. - tonight feels incredibly intense. This is the last rose ceremony. The two women who get roses tonight will be the two women who meet matt's family, and then there's that next step after that, which would hopefully be a proposal. Going into tonight's rose ceremony, I don't think there's a way to not be nervous. Everything that I came here for was to see if I could find my person that I'm going to spend the rest of my life with. - Hi, michelle. - Hi. How are you? - How you doing? Good to see you. - So nice to see you. How you doing tonight? - I mean, this is the love that I've been looking for, so it feels comfortable and exciting and scary in all the best ways. - But you're there. - I'm there. Well, head on inside. I'm in love with matt. He's the person that I want to spend the rest of my life with. Part of me feels like I'm on top of the world. Part of me feels scared for tonight. I'm really hoping to get that rose tonight so that I can take that next step with matt. - hi, bri. - Hi. How are you? - It's good to see you. - Good to see you. - How you feeling? - Better than last week. - yeah? - But after fantasy suites, um, I felt like I got to know him a lot more... - Yeah. - And really got the opportunity to progress our relationship, so I feel really good about that. - Well, ready or not, head on inside. - Kay. Thank you. - All right. - I am in love with matt. I don't think I knew how badly I want to wake up to him every morning, and I feel so good when I'm with him, but, obviously, just very scary. All three of us have extremely high hopes going into tonight... and one of us is going to be completely blindsided. - rach, it's so good to see you. - Thank you. You too. - How you feeling? - Nervous, as usual, but I... I also feel really, really good. I love him. - No doubts. - Yeah. No doubts. I've never been so confident about anything in my life. - Well, you ready? - Yeah. - All right. Head on inside. - All right. Thank you. I love matt james... so much. My fantasy suite with matt just solidified every single piece of our relationship and the way we feel about each other. I believe matt and I's relationship is different, and what we have, he can't have that with two other women. I don't think a rose has ever held more weight to it. - tonight is gonna be tough. At this point, every woman here has made it clear that they're falling in love with me, and I'm falling in love with them too. Everyone who's here I could see being my wife, but I just know what I have to do, and it just hurts my heart. Ultimately, someone's gonna go home brokenhearted. There's nothing any of these women have done... to deserve that. This week has been monumental. I didn't think that it was possible to have these strong feelings for multiple people, but here we are, our final rose ceremony... and I just gotta continue to follow my heart... and this is the hardest decision... I've had to make. Michelle. Michelle, will you accept this rose? - Yes. Thank you. - my only fear, at this point, is losing matt and having to try and figure out how to live my life without him. I've never felt like this about anyone else, so I really don't know how I would be able to accept that. - this is all very uncharted territory for me... Feelings that I've not felt about someone. I've told him I'm in love with him, and that all could be erased. - rachael. Rachael, will you accept this rose? - Yes. Thank you. - bri, I'm sorry. Take a moment. Say your goodbyes. Bye. I'm sorry. Not that I was looking for some justification for this, but there wasn't something that came up this week, and that's what makes it so hard. It would've been easy if I could point to one thing and say that that's why. It's just a feeling that you have when you're with somebody. - yeah. - And it's nothing to do with you and who you are and how incredible you are... and everything to do with where my heart's leading me. - Yeah, I just... I can't be upset or I can't be angry, but I can be really sad and disappointed and hurt, but... I don't know that that's at you. I don't know what that's at, so... obviously, I gave up a lot to be here. It is hard, um, to think about, like, not being able to, um, see you again, but I think that's just how this goes. You are going to be moving on to someone else, and I think that's what makes it harder. - I'll walk you to the car. - Kay. - Bye. - Bye. - it's really disappointing and sad that it wasn't me. It's hard, 'cause... What I thought we had was special, but it couldn't have been all for nothing. Um... yeah, it really couldn't have been. - I mean, I wish I were standing up there still. - next week on "the bachelor"... it's an emotional season finale when matt's journey comes to a dramatic conclusion. - I'm about to make one of the most important decisions of my life to find love, to find a wife, to leave this thing engaged. - Rachael, I'm patty. - Yes. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - My brother and my mom, they know me better than anybody. She doesn't want me to make the same mistake that my dad made. - Every time I see him, my heart's racing. I really do picture this future with him. - Ooh! I've been looking for this type of love for such a long time. - Thank you so much. - You're gonna make me cry. - love is a wonderful thing, but it's not gonna be easy. Love is not the end-all, be-all. - Hearing everything that my mom had been through just takes me back to a very dark place. - You okay? - No. - No, I'm not. - I'm sorry, matt. - yeah. - Do you know if you can do this anymore? - To be honest with you, I don't know, chris. Everything that I thought I was working towards is starting to crumble. Tell me where you're at. - he didn't even want to see me today. I feel pretty in the dark right now. I don't know what I'ma do. - It's all coming up next week on the shocking season finale of "the bachelor." - how do you make your s'mores? - Uh... - Have to bake it. Ooh. - yours look nasty. - Can you... The burnt, the better. No? - Yeah, right. - Yes. Look at this. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you about to do here? - Improvise. - Why are you laughing at me? - I'm... - we might've just figured something out here. - Okay, but it looks a little, um, burned. - It is smoking. Oh, shoot. Is that the tinfoil that's on fire? - ooh. How good does that look? - Um... hot? - - are you okay? That was a horrible idea. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 