North & South: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 North & South 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 North & South (2004): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Margaret Hale, a 19-year-old lively young girl, and her parents leave the south, when her father Richard resigns as the clergy in Helstone on a matter of conscience. The family moves to Milton in the north of England where Mr. Hale starts working as a private tutor. Margaret and her mother find it difficult to adapt to the north. While Margaret tries to deal with her new home and thereby befriends Bessy Higgins and her father Nicholas, poor local mill workers, she becomes aware of the social inequalities. On seeing John Thornton, a cotton-mill owner, badly treating one of his workers, Margaret's prejudices are reinforced. Thornton, on the other hand, forms a more positive opinion of Margaret. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (TRAIN WHISTLE) (VIOLIN POLKA) What a business this wedding has been, what an expense. You know, sometimes, my dear sister, I envy you your little country parsonage. You two married for love, I know. Now, of course, Edith can afford to do that. Go on, Captain! Dance! Dance with your bride. - You are bored, Miss Margaret. - No. - I'm tired. - Oh. I'm exhausted. And a little too grown-up for ornaments like this. (SIGHS) When I get married, I want to wake up on a sunny day, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 put on my favourite dress and just walk to the church. There. There. Is that better? - I think you look very well. - (CHUCKLES) You would look very well whatever you wore. (CHUCKLES) I love my cousin dearly. I've been very happy in this house. But I'll be even happier to go home to Helstone. Ah, the wonderful Helstone. You cannot be kept away? No. I cannot. It's the best place on earth. (EDITH GIGGLES) (GIGGLING ECHOES) (BIRDSONG) (MAN) Margaret. Is that you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 M... Mr Lennox. W... what's happened? - Is it Edith? Some accident? - No, no, calm yourself. No such calamity. I have come to visit paradise... ...as you suggested. Well... Mr Lennox. Y... You'd better sit down. (LAUGHS NERVOUSLY) This is home. Mama, you remember Mr Lennox? Oh, yes. Yes. Yes, of course, I... I could walk this route with my eyes closed. I've been visiting Father's parishioners since I was a very small girl. Did you hear what I just said? - (CHURCH BELL RINGING) - Sorry, I... I was just remembering your prescription for a perfect wedding. "I should like to walk to church on a sunny morning." Was this the path you were describing? Why, yes, I suppose so, I... wasn't actually thinking of MY wedding, you understand. - I was wondering, Margaret, whether... - Please, don't won... ...whether you might consider making that walk, sharing that morning with one who... Please, listen. Please. Don't continue. I'm sorry. Excuse me. I... You led me to believe that such an offer would not be unwelcome. A London girl would know not to talk of wedding days in such ambiguous terms. Excuse me, I... said nothing I am ashamed of. I... I'm sorry if you have been mistaken in my affections for you. Is there someone else, someone else you prefer? No. I do like you, Henry. But I am not ready to marry anyone. You must believe that I mean what I say. Henry, I... ...I- I'm sorry. (COUGHING) We'll be on the streets... in a strange place. Mama, I told you, we'll stay at a hotel until we find a house. It won't take long. Perhaps Dixon and I could stay on the coast while you look. Yes... as the missis is so delicate. No, Maria. Your place is with us. It will not take us long to find a house. My old college friend, Mr Bell, has agreed to help. He's already organised a list of potential pupils. There'll be plenty of teaching for me. There will be no people there like us in Milton. How can there be? We will manage, Mother. It's not another planet. (GUARD) Outward, Milton! Outward, Milton! All change! All change for stations north! (WEEPING) Why have we come here, Dixon? It's going to be awful. - I know it is. - Shh. - Outward, Milton! - Dixon. Take care and find a porter. We have arrived. - All change! - (WHISTLE BLOWS) (GIRL) I see 'im! Porter! Take these, please. (GUARD BLOWS WHISTLE) We'll find a house faster separately. - Are you sure? - Of course. Eggs, fresh-laid eggs this mornin'! Come and get your eggs! (BARROWMEN SHOUT) Fresh fruits! Fresh fruits! Fruit and vegetables! - (MAN) Hello, how are you? - (MAN) All right. (CHICKENS SQUAWKING) - The living room's quite spacious. - The property's not for me. I'm enquiring on behalf of one of me master's business acquaintances. The man is still living as a clergyman. Or rather a former clergyman. He's used to living simply. He's never been a man of great property or fortune. (MUFFLED ARGUING) - A matter of conscience, I believe. - Ah, conscience. That never put bread on the table. - South, eh? - Mm-hm. A little, er... indiscretion took place, maybe? Well, they do say the Devil makes work for idle hands. - Maybe his hands weren't so idle. - (BOTH MEN CHUCKLE) - He'll find things a mite different up north. - Oh, aye. I'll make good the repairs, but the decoration's good enough. What a business, eh? For a man to uproot his wife and child to Milton. Conscience or no conscience, that's strange behaviour. - Excuse me, madam, can I help you? - My name is Margaret Hale. - Who are you? - I'm Williams, Mr Thornton's overseer. He asked me to look out properties for your father. How much is the rent for the year? Mr Thornton will discuss it with your father. No need to concern yourself. I've no idea who your Mr Thornton is. I thank him for his trouble, but my father and I are sharing the task of securing a property. I have spent two days viewing what Milton has to offer, so I have a fairly good idea of price. - Mr Thornton thinks this will do very well. - Where is Mr Thornton? - Excuse me? - Take me to see this Mr Thornton. If he won't deal with me, I'll have to deal with him. - Does Mr Thornton live here? - Aye, but he'll be at work. Stay here, miss. I'll find Master. (COUGHS) (COUGHS) (MUFFLED CLATTERING) (MACHINES CLATTERING) Stephens! Put that pipe out! I saw you! Stephens! Stephens! Come here! (STEPHENS GRUNTS) - Smoking again. - I wasn't! - Where is it? - I wasn't smoking, I swear. Still warm. I warned you. No! No! Please, sir! - Please don't... Please! - You stupid... idiot! Please, sir! - Please! - Look at me! - Look at me! - (MARGARET) Stop! - Stop! Please, stop! - Who are you? What are you doing in here? - My name is Margaret Hale. - Miss Hale! - Sorry, sir, I told her to stay in the office. - Get her out! Aye, crawl away on your belly! Please, sir... I have little ones. You know the rules! - My children will starve! - Better they starve than burn to death! Get out before I call the police! Get that woman out of here! Please, miss. Miss. Miss, please. Miss, please, miss... Please! (EDITH) My darling Margaret, we are back at last from our honeymoon in Corfu. We've been away so long I'm almost fluent in Greek - or so the Captain says. But you know, everything he says is always so agreeable. Dear Margaret... Now I shall say something that will make you very angry, but I can't help it. What was Uncle thinking of, taking you all so far away from home? Why on earth are you in that awful place where they make cotton, where no one who is anyone wishes to buy it? I am sure we'll always wear linen. (MARGARET) Dear Edith, I'm pleased to report that we've replaced the horrible wallpapers with altogether more agreeable colours. Dixon has only - if you think this possible - grown in energy. She has set herself the task of engaging an under-maid, but as yet there isn't anyone within a radius of 50 miles who is remotely suitable to wait on us hand and foot. I'll sit, if you don't mind (!) Hm. You'll be expected to be well up before the family to light the fires. I'm sorry, I'm not getting up at five in the morning. And I'm not working for those wages. I can get four shillings as a piecer at Hamper's. Anyway, if you don't mind me asking, where's the money coming from to pay for me? This house must be £30 a year, and there's not much coming in from what I heard. I'll come and go as I please! And I don't need no bossy, jumped-up servant to tell me what's what and how to behave! You can keep your rotten job! Me, a servant, indeed (!) I don't know what the master was thinking of, subjecting us to all this gossip! Margaret? What's the matter? (CLEARS THROAT) There is some talk... Margaret? Margaret? What does she mean, talk? I did hear some people talking, when we were house-hunting. About why we moved to Milton... so abruptly. Why you left the church. People are... talking? Well, it's only natural, after all, that people should wonder. It's not usual for clergymen to leave their parish, travel hundreds of miles, as if to escape something. Just because we follow you without question... (OPENS LETTER) It's from the bishop. - It's not about Frederick? - No. I keep that letter with me always. To reassure me that I made the right decision. I... is this all? "I ask that all rectors in the diocese of the New Forest "reaffirm their belief in the Book of Common Prayer." Exactly. The effrontery! The man's ten years our junior. He tries to treat us all like children. But this is a formality, surely... to reaffirm. My conscience will not let me. I can and have lived quietly with my doubts for... well, for some years now, but... I cannot swear publicly to doctrines I am no longer sure of. Now, we men of conscience have to make a stand. - We? - Yes, there are others who have doubts. We all agreed. We could not reaffirm. Are you telling me that all the rectors of the New Forest have decamped to industrial towns? Well... some thought it possible to yield, but... I did not. - How many? How many refused? - I could not avoid it. I was forced into it. You must understand. I understand. (INHALES SHARPLY) I understood... that the very worst must have happened... that you had lost your faith... or that you felt that God wished you to preach His word in these new places. That some very great matter must have happened to make you uproot us all, dragging us up to this God-forsaken place! - Maria. - You gave up your livelihood... ...our source of income... ...on a formality. - It was not like that, Maria. Really. It IS not like that. I already have work - teaching. And I... I will find more. And... and maybe I will discover that is my real vocation after all. The people here don't want learning. They don't want books and culture. It's all money and smoke. That's what they eat and breathe. - (BABY CRYING) - (MARGARET) You're right, Edith. Milton is very far from home, but it is quite an interesting and modern sort of place. There are at least 20 mills, all very prosperous, in and around the town, and it's full of new industry of one sort or the other. It is of course not remotely green like Helstone, and so large that I often lose my way. But the people are friendly enough and there is nearly always someone to point me in the right direction. (HORNS BLAST) (RUSHING FOOTSTEPS) (URGENT CHATTER) 'Ey up, what have we got here? Watch out, lass! - (RAUCOUS LAUGHTER) - (WOMAN) 'Scuse us! (GASPS) Please. Please... Please don't. Just stop. - Please... please stop. - (RAUCOUS LAUGHTER) - Leave the lass alone. - Here y'are! Leave the lass alone. She shouldn't take on so. We were only having a bit of fun. Come on, miss. Be careful where you walk when the whistle sounds for the break. But don't worry, they won't harm you. They just like a bonny face. And yours is a picture. Come on. I'm... I'm obliged to you. Thank you, sir. You're welcome, lass. No charge, miss. (SHOUTING AND LAUGHTER) (CAB DRIVER) Get up! Hup, hup, hup! So this century was probably the most productive, simply in terms of the number... (MARGARET) Father is working hard. He teaches students and also lectures... - though some of it is unpaid... - (SNORES) ... and, I fear, unwanted. - But he keeps happy. - Thank you. (PERSON APPLAUDS LIMPLY) Until, erm... next Sunday. He entertains his private pupils at home. We have to make a choice, John. Now, it's difficult, I know. Margaret? Is that you? Margaret! Come in, Margaret. Come in. Meet my new friend and first proper pupil, Mr Thornton. This is my daughter, Margaret. I believe we have already met. Ah. Now, Mr Thornton can't decide between Aristotle and Plato. I suggest we start with Plato and then move on. What do you think? I'm afraid Miss Hale and I met under unpleasant circumstances. I dismissed a worker for smoking in the sorting room. You beat a defenceless man who was not your equal. - Margaret. - No, she's right. I have a temper. Fire is the greatest danger in my mill. I have to be strict. A gentleman would not use his fists on such a... pathetic creature or shout at children. I dare say a gentleman has not had to see 300 corpses laid out on a hillside as I did last May. Many were children. And that was an accidental flame. The whole mill destroyed in 20 minutes. (SIGHS) I should go. - You'll join us for dinner next week? - Oh, yes, of course. Erm... thank you. Erm... and we'll start with Plato next Tuesday. - I will ask my mother to call when you're settled. - Of course, erm... By all means. We're always here. Aren't we, Margaret? (MARGARET) I'll admit that Milton doesn't have any grand palaces or works of art, but it does have some pleasant parks where we take our daily walk and meet our friends, while the weather holds. - Are you followin' me? - No. Well... yes. I didn't mean any offence. I recognised you from Marlborough Mills. I recognise you. Giving Thornton back as good as he gave. You don't see that every day. - Well, I... I don't want to keep you. - What important appointments might I have (?) I'm going to meet my father. He works at Hamper's, a mile across town. - But you work at Marlborough Mills. - Yes. It's nearer home. And the work's easier. Here's Father now. Father? Young woman I told you about. The day Thornton beat up Stephens and sent him packing. He deserved it. Fool put everyone at risk. - You're not from this part of the world, are you? - No. I'm from the South. - From Hampshire. - Mm. That's beyond London, I reckon. Mm. Where do you live? We put up Frances Street, in Princeton. Behind Golden Dragon. And your name? - My name is Margaret Hale. - My name is Nicholas Higgins. This is my daughter Bessy. Why do you ask? Well, I... I thought that I might come and bring a basket. Excuse me. At... at home, when my father was a clergyman... A basket? What would we want with a basket? We've little enough to put in it. See, I don't much like strangers in my house. I dare say in the South, a young lady feels she can wander into anyone's house whenever they feel like it. Here, we wait to be asked into someone's parlour before we charge in. Excuse me, Mr Higgins, Bessy, I... I didn't mean any offence. That's why I reckon you can come if you want, but you'll not remember us. I'll bet on that. (MARIA) Margaret! What's the matter? Are you unwell? It must be Mr Thornton's mother. (MARGARET) Well, there's no mistaking that stern brow. And that must be the sister. What a deal of starch! It would take someone all day to iron that petticoat. Where will we put them, Mama? I don't think the two of them will fit in here. (BOTH CHUCKLE) (CLOCK TICKS) How exquisite. I haven't seen English pointwork quite like that for years. Our Milton craftsmanship can compare with the very best. I suppose you are not musical, as I see no piano. I am fond of music, but I cannot play well myself. As you can see, this house would hardly bear a grand instrument. - (POLITE CHUCKLING) - We sold ours when we moved. Yes, these rooms are far too small for entertaining. Our staircases are wider than the whole width of this room. I wonder how you can exist without a piano. It almost seems to me a necessity of life. - There are concerts here, I believe. - Oh, yes. Rather crowded. They let in anybody. But we have whatever is the fashion in London. A little later, unfortunately. - You know London, of course. - Oh, yes. I lived there with my aunt and cousin for a while. Oh! London and the Alhambra. They are the two places I long to see. The Alhambra? Yes, ever since I read the "Tales of the Alhambra". Do you know them? Oh... I don't... think so. But it's a very easy journey to London and not half so far. Yes, but... Mama has never been to London. She cannot understand why I long to go. She's very proud of Milton. (LOWERING VOICE) Dirty, smoky place that it is. I can't wait to leave. May I ask why you chose to come and live in Milton? I mean... why did you leave wherever it was? - Helstone. - Oh. Well, it... ...it-it was my husband's decision. It was a matter of... of conscience. But Mr Hale is no longer a clergyman, I thought. My husband very much enjoys his lessons with Mr Thornton. I think it makes him feel young again. Classics are all very well for men who loiter life away in the country or in colleges. But Milton men ought to have all their energies absorbed by today's work. They should have one aim only. Which is to maintain an honourable place amongst the merchants of this country. Go where you will, the name of John Thornton in Milton, manufacturer and magistrate, is known and respected amongst all men of business. And sought after by all the young women in Milton. Not all of them, surely. If you had a son like mine, Mrs Hale, you would not be embarrassed to sing his praises. If you can bear to visit our dirty, smoky home, we shall receive you next week. Mrs Thornton. Well, what a splendid house! Erm... But, er... do you not find the proximity to the mill a little, erm... ...well, noisy? Never. I've not become so fine as to forget the source of my son's power and wealth. The mill is everything. There is no other factory like it in Milton. This house is my son's achievement. (MEN LAUGHING) Did I tell you, Thornton, about the price of raw cotton in Le Havre? - I believe you did. - Come on, Thornton. Even you can spot a bargain. Cotton's a great deal cheaper from the Caribbean. I'll bet you Egyptian is still cheaper. They can't offer those prices for long. They'll be bankrupt in a year and our supply'll be interrupted. I'd rather pay more for a steady supply through Liverpool. We'll all lose in the end. Thornton's as straight as they come. He won't risk Malborough Mill, even if it means not speculating. That's the best way, surely, with so many lives depending on the factory's continued success? - Well... that would be the Christian way. - (SUPPRESSED LAUGHTER) Hear the latest over clamouring for a new wheel? - Thought you'd agreed to it. - I had. First, the men threatened to turn out if I didn't install it. It would've cost me £600. It blows away the strands that fly off in the sorting rooms. Helps keeps fluff off the workers' lungs. It doesn't stop it. So, what was the problem? Some workers claimed they'd need more money to work with a wheel. - What? - Yes. Believe me. They heard it'd make 'em hungrier than they say they are! - The wheel'd make them hungry (?) - Yes. There wouldn't be so much fluff to swallow, so their bellies'd be emptier. Oh, yes. So... Oh, and this is the beautiful part. They were saying I'd have to pay 'em more. Now the men can't agree to what they want, so I've been spared £600 and the men have themselves to thank for the carding rooms being like Christmas. (LAUGHTER) Come on, Thornton. Surely you wouldn't approve of workers telling you what to pay 'em? I've had a wheel in all my sheds for two years. - More fool you. I can't see profit in it. - There is no immediate profit. Not in pounds, shillings and pence. But... Well, there is a "but", in't there? But... my workers are healthier. Their lungs don't clog so easily. They work for me longer. And their children. Even you'll see profit in that. But surely, erm... it's the right path, also. Sound business sense, Mr Hale, and I cannot operate under any other moral law. I do not run a charitable institution. My workers expect me to be hard, but truthful. I tell them how things are and they take it or leave it. - Harkness tries tricks with his. - You've got to keep them on their toes. It's a war, and we masters have to win it or go under. - (LAUGHTER) - Hear, hear! Mama, I have a letter from Edith. Would you like me to read it to you? She sends love from Aunt Shaw. I wonder that your father prefers the company of Milton traders. As if there wasn't enough to do already! We've got no help to speak of. I have to do everything. It's all the master's fault. He took leave of his senses when he brought us here. He is not the vicar of Helstone any more. He has thrown away his position in society and brought us all down with him. He'll be the death of us all! Dixon. I know you love my mother, but you forget yourself. Please don't talk about my father in that way. It's not for you to question his motives or judgement. You're a servant in this house. Keep such thoughts to yourself, or you are free to go back to Helstone whenever you choose. Like it or not... we are here. I will help you. You, Miss Margaret? In the kitchen? Yes. Me. I can learn to starch and iron, and I will until we find suitable help. You'll do as I say, Dixon. (CHILD SOBBING) Excuse me. I'm looking for Bessy Higgins. I must have come in the wrong direction. - She's along the way, round the corner. - (GRIZZLES) It's all right, she's not frightened of you. She's hungry. That's why she cries. Bessy's just round the corner. (MAN AND WOMAN ARGUING) (CRACK) Excuse me, I thought Bessy Higgins lived here. I'm sorry I didn't come earlier. To tell you the truth, I didn't know that I would be welcome. I thought groceries would be offensive. But if I had come without anything... If there's a remote possibility of us finding offence, you can be sure we will. We're very good at that in Milton. I feel I've lived in Milton for quite some time now, but I still find myself constantly at fault whichever way I turn. How long will it take for that to change? Oh, a couple of years at least, in your case. (COUGHING) Sorry... It's just I have a bit of cold I can't seem to shift. (LATCH CLICKS) She were right. She said you'd come. (BESSY) How was the meeting, Father? Do not worry on my account. I have no one to tell any secrets to. Well, your father the parson's been seen supping with the bosses. Mr Thornton is his pupil. He's certainly not my friend. And Boucher? He's our neighbour down the way. He's holding up. Just. But he'll be with us when the fire goes up, if he knows what's good for him. Miss, your father teaches at the Lyceum Hall, doesn't he? Yes, he does. Sunday afternoons. (PIANO AND WOMAN TRILLING) Mother, remember I go to the Hales this evening. I will be home to dress, but then out till late. Dress? Why should you dress up to take tea with an old parson? Ex-parson (!) Mr Hale is a gentleman and his daughter is an accomplished young lady. Don't worry, Mother. I'm in no danger from Miss Hale. She's very unlikely to consider me a catch. She's from the South. She doesn't care for our Northern ways. Airs and graces (!) What business has she? A renegade clergyman's daughter, who's now only fit to play at giving useless lectures to those who do not wish to hear them. What right has she to turn up her nose at you? Board up the windows. There'll be a storm later. (THUNDER RUMBLES) (KNOCKS AT DOOR) All motion and energy, but truly a thing of beauty. The classics should be rewritten to include it. (MR HALE CHUCKLES) I'm afraid we're boring Miss Hale with our enthusiasm for Arkwright. No. Indeed, I'm sure it's fascinating. I'm a little tired, that's all. Er... Mr Thornton has been admiring our newly redecorated rooms, Maria. Oh. Yes, Mr Thornton. Erm... well, there wasn't a great deal of choice, but these papers are of a similar shade to our drawing room in Helstone. But not quite. Well, on behalf of Milton taste, I'm glad we've almost passed muster. Yes. Yes, well... clearly, you're very proud of Milton. My husband admires its energy and its... ...its people are... very busy making their businesses successful. I won't deny it. I'd rather be toiling here, success or failure, than leading a dull, prosperous life in the South, with their slow, careless days of ease. You are mistaken. You don't know anything about the South. It... It may be a little less energetic in its pursuit of competitive trade, but there is less suffering than I have seen in your mills. And all for what? - We make cotton. - Which no one wants to wear. I think that I might say that you do not know the North. We masters are not all the same, whatever your prejudice against Milton men. I've seen how you treat your men. You treat them as you wish because they are beneath you. No, I do not. You've been blessed with good luck and fortune, but others have not. I do know something of hardship. 16 years ago, my father died... in very miserable circumstances. I became the head of the family very quickly. I was taken out of school. I think that I might say that my only good luck was to have a mother of such strong will and integrity. I went to work in a draper's shop and my mother managed so that I could put three shillings aside a week. That taught me self-denial. Now I'm able to keep my mother in such comfort as her age requires, and I thank her every day for that early training. So, Miss Hale, I do not think that I was especially blessed with good fortune or luck. - I have outstayed my welcome. - Oh, no, John. Come, Miss Hale, let's part friends despite our differences. If we become more familiar with each other's traditions, we may learn to be more tolerant, I think. - I'll see myself out. - Please. Please come again, John. (THUNDER RUMBLES) Margaret. The handshake is used up here in all forms of society. I think you gave Mr Thornton real offence by refusing to take his hand. I'm sorry, Father. I'm sorry I'm so slow to learn the rules of civility in Milton, but I'm tired. I have spent the day washing curtains so that Mr Thornton should feel at home. So, please, excuse me if I misunderstood the handshake. I am sure in London, a gentleman would never expect a lady to take his hand like that, all... unexpectedly. And I didn't know where to look when he talked about his past. His father might have died in the workhouse. I think it might have been worse than that. According to my friend Mr Bell, his father speculated wildly and lost. He, erm... he was swindled by a business partner in London. He, erm... ...he killed himself. Because he couldn't bear the disgrace. Mother and son and daughter lived on nothing for years so that the creditors could be repaid, long after they'd given up any hope of settlement. Margaret? I think it very fine, Father. I am sorry to have offended your friend. And I must go to bed. (HOOVES CLATTERING) - Put him down. He's one of ours, isn't he? - Boucher? He's Thornton's. Aren't you interested, Thornton? All mills together, if you please. We need to show 'em we know what they're up to. Let them meet, if that's how they want to spend their leisure time. - We're all trying to work together, Thornton. - Are we? - What does that mean? - I overheard some of my men talking. It seems you're planning to give in to them. We agreed. We'd all be in line. So that the men would know we meant business and know that we kept our word. Well, I... Father? Well! (CHUCKLES) My, er... pupils asked if they could use the hall for... a special meeting. Who am I to force ecclesiastical architecture on them? - (CHEERING) - Quiet! Quiet, please! Friends... welcome. Now, this is the first time we have ever gathered together. (CHEERING) Now, don't worry, you'll all get a chance to speak, as long as we take our turn. Now, I'm Nicholas Higgins. I work up at Hamper's Mill. - Now, there's quite a few of us. - (CHEERING) There's some men from Thornton's and Marlborough Mill. Where's Henderson's? - What about Slickson's? - (CHEERING) Now... up at Hamper's... we've got a lot of work. Orders are flooding in, and cheap cotton to meet them. Now, there's those of us that know that soon, bosses'll be telling us although they're making a fat profit... they can't make our pay what it were five years ago! Now, they'll have a load of excuses. It's all because cotton's suddenly become expensive. - (MURMURING) - This or that. That the machinery's packed up. The buyers can't pay so there's no money to pay us! - You've all heard it before! - Aye, the bosses make their own rules! Henderson says one thing, Hamper another! Different from one week t' next! - But what's to stop 'em cutting pay again? - (OTHERS) Aye! And if we quit over wages, there's more'll take our places! - Aye! - They will an' that! That is why we must all work together, because next time one of our bosses plays tricks, we'll all know about it. And if we all decide on a fair wage, and none of us work for less, then for once, WE'LL have a say! What if they don't like it, eh? What do we do then? What do we do then? Boucher. It, er... it's all right some of you talking brave. Nicholas here earns - what? 15, 16 shilling a week? He's only three to keep on it. My wife's sick, I have six children, none of them old enough for factory work. If I turn out, we'll not be able to live on five shillings strike pay from the union. My children... they'll starve. Look, I'm not saying that we're coming out today. I'm not saying that we're coming out tomorrow. What I'm saying is... when the time comes... we will be ready. And we will stick together! (CHEERING) Margaret, erm... I know you and your mother feel I've let you down. - Father, no. - No. You do. I know. But I hope you'll realise that the people up here... they aren't so very different. You know? They just have different ways. - Master. - What are you doing here? - I beg you to take me back... - Get out! I were at the meeting this evening. I can tell you what they're planning. - Please, sir... - Get out! Don't come near here again! - Who's there? - Oh, it's only us. - I promise you... - Get away from here! - Couldn't you show a little mercy? - Mr Hale. Please. Do not try to tell me my business. Remember, they do things differently here. Come, Father. (SIGHS) (MARGARET) I wish I could tell you, Edith, how lonely I am... how cold and harsh it is here. Everywhere, there is conflict and... unkindness. I think God has forsaken this place. I believe I have seen hell... ... and it's white. It's snow-white. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 