Always a Witch: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Always a Witch 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Always a Witch (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 Professor Ninibe now knows she is being used. Esteban/Lucien, in an effort to protect Carmen, joins his father Aldemar. Without her powers, Carmen attempts to trap Aldemar to prevent him from his plans to steal powers from other witches. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Carmen] Jhony Ki, there is no time to lose. I must find Aldemar! [Jhony Ki] Come. [Carmen] Jhony Ki, what are we doing here? Nothing, just follow me and relax. What's worrying you? Would I do anything to you? Everything's okay. Relax. [Alicia and Mayte] Welcome back! [all laughing] [Carmen] Friends! Where is Cristobal? Where did you leave your boyfriend? [Carmen] He stayed to rescue the other slaves and his mother, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but as soon as I finish what I came here to do, we'll be together again, as we are now. I came to stop Aldemar, who cheated and used me all this time just to free himself. Esteban was right and I'm afraid Aldemar - did something wrong to him. - But are you sure he took him? - Quite sure. - Count on us for anything you need. Yes. Aldemar is quite dangerous and I don't want any of you involved. Well, we evidently have no powers but count on us. Of course! I'll do whatever is necessary for you. How many times have I asked you not to get involved and look for problems? Well, all right. But do we have a plan? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Of course, we have a plan! First, I must know where Ninibe is. But I need the two of you to get information. A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES [theme music plays] [Aldemar] I know I promised you, but I don't have those powers. Ninibe, for God's sake. That's why I need to tie myself up. Because she'll take me to meet the great witches and sorcerers to learn everything from them. I want to meet them too. Of course. In due time. Someone must watch the portal. And you are the chosen one to make sure I come back safe and sound, - transformed into a huge god. - No, no! That's not what you promised me. I have waited a long time for this. Don't do that to me. I trusted you! - Aldemar. - Hmm? - Do you need the stone to travel? - Yes. The stone? Carmen. - What is it? - She was here, looking for me and she took the stone with her. They are eternal and require the worst spell. And where is the Book of Shadows? Where did you put it? I lost it. You, my pampered girl... are the most useless girl! Recover the Book of the Shadows and from now on tell me exactly where Carmen's friends are so they will lead me to her. ["Gitana" by Pap?Kumb? playing] Hey, buddy, pass the ball to me. Are you Daniel? Hey, Daniel, this guy wearing boots is looking for you. [girl screams] Hi, Daniel. I'm Carmen's friend. I'll ask you a favor you can't refuse. Claudede clare folunsas. - Uh-huh? Can you read the book's contents? - No, I can't. No, I can't. Aldemar removed all my powers and without the Book of the Shadows I don't know which protection ritual to perform against a great sorcerer. [Leon] Well, what then? If we can't ask for divine help, we must resort to other types of help and I need you. What do you want me to do? [Carmen] Look, when the time to face Aldemar comes, I need you to look for Detective Corcel and tell him the whole truth. Are you sure? Not really, but let's say this is plan B. - For the time being, help me with plan A. - Okay. [Dani] Hi! Daniel, I'm so happy to see you! I knew you were here and wanted to tell you something. Is he alive? Is Esteban alive? Yes. Esteban came to me in a dream and said he's alive, but will never come back. No, it probably wasn't him and it was just a dream. I thought the same. But, when I opened my eyes I found this on my bedside table. I thought he left it as a message. He also said he loved you. Esteban is in love with you, Carmen. But all this is too weird. Why did he appear to you? He said he'll never forget the conversation you two had the day you spent the afternoon together and were about to kiss when you came back from the aquarium. I think he wanted you to know that. And he also said there is just one way for you to communicate again... and you know what it is. [Ninibe] Welcome. I want to welcome you all... especially Mayte and Alicia. Is it the first time you've attended? We'll work on our breathing, the biggest power we have as women. We'll honor our second chakra, our magic receiver, the uterus. Are you ready? [Sandra panting] Oh, I'm sorry for arriving late. - Welcome, Sandra. - Thank you, Professor. Let's go within while our colleague gets ready to start our class. Close your eyes. And inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale... Faster. Inhale, exhale. - Accelerate your rhythm. Inhale, exhale. - I'm sorry, Professor. I'm getting dizzy. - May I go to the bathroom? - [Ninibe] You can. Let's not let this interruption block our energy. Keep concentrating. It is your breath, it is your power. Don't give it to anyone else. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale... Faster. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale. Faster. We're going to increase the base chakra's energy. Increase the energy, increase the energy. Breathe, feel the effect this breath has in your body. Increase the energy. Slowly. [Sandra] Professor, I appreciate this invite very much because I love all these esoteric matters. I was so stressed at the office that I no longer wanted to be there - and needed to come here... - I understand, Sandra, I do. And we all are here to support each other. ...to breathe and connect with myself, what a good class. Especially since we share a particular taste. I must ask you for a favor, as a police officer and as a woman. A friend of mine told me about your interest in magic. I know that when the police were investigating my house, during my disappearance they took a book that is very important for me and its pages are blank. Ah, yes, the Book of the Shadows. Yes, that's the book, Sandra. And I need you to recover it. It is mine, the investigation is closed. No, Professor, the truth is that the alleged offender disappeared and the case was reopened. I couldn't care less about that. I want the book, it is mine! Sandra, if you help me recover that book... I can find a way for you to read it. [Sandra] No, no, no, I read it once and didn't like it. What are you saying? That means you have the gift, that we are sorcerers, that you will help me whether you want it or not. Professor, we are waiting for you. Shall we go on? Let's go, let's go. I ask the powerful and magic female spirits that have been a part of my lineage to fill me with the energy to communicate with Esteban. [breathes deeply] Esteban, please, wherever you are, send me a signal to tell me that you are alive and that Daniel was right. Esteban, is that you? Are you in your house? Did Aldemar free you? Aldemar, is that you? It's not Esteban talking, is it? Did you send Daniel to cheat me, and get information from Esteban that only the two of us knew? What did you do to him? I may not have powers, but I have something you need. If you want me to open that threshold, you must show me that Esteban is alive and free him. [phone ringing] Hello! It is me, I'm all right. Aldemar says you have to go to the portal, that if you give him the stone he'll liberate me. [Ninibe] I can't believe you are here. I never imagined you'd be interested in this, but, I love it. And I love that you are a part of the women's circle. I felt your energy today. You are quite strong and powerful. And that's why you girls must be careful. There are bad, envious people out there that want to take... the strength and power away from you. You can't trust them. You must come to the circle, be obedient and faithful. Welcome. We can't trust Daniel. Yes, Daniel is bewitched, or something like it. I don't exactly know what Aldemar did to him, but I know he ordered to set a trap for Carmen. - And he didn't say anything about me? - Do you really think now's the time? Oh, well, pardon. - Carmen, we couldn't really find anything. - Yes, we don't know where Aldemar is. And there were no traces in Ninibe's house, just a lot of books from very famous wizards in history. I really felt scared. Of course, that's why you want to use the portal... to go take spells away from the wizards just as Inquisition witches did. Do you know how dangerous that would be for the world? We are sorry for not having found out where Aldemar was. But you found out his plans and I already know where he is. He wants me to find him and is using Esteban for that. But I have something he wants, so the battle has just started! And what shall we do? We'll set a trap for him. [Jhony Ki] When you talked about a trap, I thought you were speaking figuratively. [Carmen] We'll implement something Professor Esteban taught us this semester. - [Jhony Ki] Did he teach you how to hunt? - [Carmen] Not to hunt. Networks simply allow us to observe the species and they are not hurt. We biologists can learn from their behavior. But in this case, we are not going to observe the animal, we'll catch it. - You are referring to... - Yes, the most dangerous animal of all. An ambitious and selfish sorcerer. And to catch him we'll need... straight branches, a net and a rope. - Who will get the branches? - Mayte and me. Let's do it, then! You cut this into ten equal parts. You always give me the more boring part, Carmen. - Jhony Ki! - [Jhony Ki] Come on! And we'll expand the net to mark the spot. I promise that as soon as all this ends, I'll help make Daniel forgive you. - There is a very pretty ritual to... - I'm not interested. But I thought you were in love. No. What interests me... is knowing the details of your plan against Aldemar, to help you. Okay. My love, don't you think all that's happening looks as if it was taken from a movie? Yes, so much that I sometimes think Carmen is not a witch, that she doesn't exist and that all this is a dream. [chuckles] Are you scared? No, everything will come out as it should. Let's hope so. What's more, after all this is over why don't we... - go to the islands in my boat? - I have to see if they'll allow me. [scoffs] Since when do you need to ask you father for permission? Who's talking about my father? [Jhony] Well, less chatting and more work. Do you have the branches already? - Yes. - [Jhony Ki] Well, I have mine. All right, guys. Thanks for everything. I'll never forget what you did for me, but it is time to say goodbye. Are you sure you don't want us to accompany you? [Carmen] I must do what comes alone. [clears throat] Well, Jhony Ki will help me, because, it is difficult to get rid of an adolescent. And because he knows how to do something I need, but I don't want anybody else to get involved. Friends, if you really want to continue helping me, please go home and send me good energy. Get a purple candle and repeat my name three times when you light it, but ask it with all your heart... for me to be able to defeat Aldemar. I went to get the book as you asked me to, but Lieutenant Corcel got ahead of me and took it somewhere else. He interrogated me for quite a while. Where? - At the police station. - No! I mean where is the book? I don't know, and I can't risk myself anymore. I'll be punished if I keep messing with the chain of custody. There is a big difference between a poor witch and a great wizard and that is the loyalty to their master. I can find out where the book is, but I need time. Time is what we don't have. Salory nisustus. - Aldemar. - [Aldemar] Satus. - [Ninibe] No, Aldemar, no. - Satus Homiciduos. Great strategy to recover the book. You expect to become a powerful witch, but you still need so much. - Aldemar, you know I was... - Stop it! I've come to tell the whole truth and I know it will sound absurd, but I need you to believe me. Look, young man. If this has to do with the magic subject, - I'll make something clear to you. - No, Corcel, it is more complex than that, and it doesn't only involve magic but time too. What are you talking about? Carmen asked me to tell you that she was the girl - in the hospital with the burnt feet. - [Corcel] How come? And if you want to know where she comes from, here it is. The year 1646, if you have doubts keep reading. Now, if you want to find the real culprit, you might want to go after him. Carmen traveled to our time because a wizard sent her. His name is Aldemar, he took Esteban and we think he's the real Fire Killer. [Carmen] Aldemar. I'm so happy to see you, my girl. Did you bring the stone? I want to see Esteban first. Esteban, are you all right? Let him go and I'll give you the stone. I'm not holding him. I should have told you this before, but I didn't want to add sentimentality to the mission. Lucien... is my son, and I want to take this moment, when son, father, master and disciple are giving you the opportunity to join us or disappear forever. Father and son? That's not true, that can't be. - Why didn't you ever tell me? - Because he's not as good as you think. He has resisted his fate all this time... but has always been beside me. This is the opportunity for you to join this family. You have him bewitched. - He's not like that, he's not like you. - I'm tired. Either we do it by hook or by crook! Where is the stone? This way. [birds chirping] Go get it and free Esteban. Ladies, what are you doing here? Ladies? Your worst enemy can be very close. Daniel? Aldemar, not my friends! There's your stone, there you have it. Aldemar, don't! Did you think you were going to cheat me that easily? Damn! Since the day I met you at the dungeon, I've always thought you were a very powerful and intelligent woman. But you lack wisdom, that's all. Lucien, on the contrary, joined me to power, to fly. Listen very closely to what I say. With your lineage, my son's powers, my extensive experience as a wizard... we'll make a great team and become the owners of the world. What do you think, Carmen Eguiluz? You are right, Great Master. - Abandoning my fate would be stupid. - Exactly. Is the stone there? Here it is. Lucien and you have been my masters since the beginning. Had it not been for you, I wouldn't have known my power. Thank you. Do we have a deal then? Yes, Great Master. I am with you. Together, we can be the owners of time, sir. [Aldemar] Together. Yes, Great Master, yes. [Aldemar] Welcome, Carmen. Run! Run, Jhony Ki! [Aldemar] No! My shadow! [Carmen] Run, Jhony Ki! Recover my shadow, recover it! [Jhony Ki grunts] [Jhony Ki] What is it? [Daniel] It is the shadow. - It doesn't belong to you. - [Aldemar] No! It seems no matter how many opportunities you have, - you are destined to die by burning. - [Lucien chanting] [Carmen coughing] It's over, Aldemar. - Your spells have started to unravel. - Go after her. You don't deserve to be my son. Without your shadow you'll never remember me. You will lose your powers and won't know who you are. [Aldemar] But I'll finish you before that, Satunus. Lucien... if I could go back in time and not conceive you, I would. I don't care what you say anymore. You stopped being my father a long time ago. Me solum relinquatis. Remisus animus! [grunts] [Carmen screaming] - [Carmen] Give it to me. - [Mayte] Stop it! [Carmen and Daniel gasping] Esteban! I need my shadow, I need my shadow! Here it is, Great Master. Don't move, Aldemar. Kneel down, kneel down. It is obvious you don't know the powers of a wizard, I won't say it again. - Acidicaus. - Tino. Aldemar! Do you want the stone? There you can have it. [Corcel] Don't move, don't move and don't move! Give it to me. No! [Aldemar] I won't allow you to see my decline. [Leon] Mayte, love, - Mayte, Mayte, Mayte! - [Corcel] What is this? What's wrong? - [Tino] I don't know. [Leon] I'm sorry, I'm sorry. - [Alicia] I'm sorry. - [Tino] I saw the same as you did. - I saw the same as you did. - I didn't want... I did, I did, Alicia. After this I don't want to be mad at you one more second. I love you, too. [Corcel] Carmen... Carmen, are you all right? - Esteban. Esteban. - [Mayte] Esteban. [Carmen] Esteban. Esteban, Esteban, Esteban, Come. - [panting] - Carmen. Forgive me, forgive me, but, I had to defeat Aldemar. You did what you had to. Carmen... Don't talk, please. Let the wound heal and the pain stop. Carmen, forgive me for not having told you the truth from the beginning. [Corcel] Guys, I'll need to speak to you all. No, why am I being accused? I am a victim, you know that. No. That's not what new witnesses say. You hid many things that link you to female killings, Professor. Besides, we discovered that the five women found burned had something in common. At one point they had been members of your blue women's circle, Professor. We must take care of ourselves, that's all we can do. You have to believe me. I'm not his accomplice. [sighs] You hosted him in your house and gave a potion to two pupils. Do you want to see the lab test results? Do you want to know what you gave them? - [Tino] I will. - Go ahead, Tino. No, no, Aldemar forced me. I know this will sound crazy, but you must believe me. If you investigate fully, you'll find he doesn't even belong to this time, he's from the past. If he can travel through time, imagine the power he may have. He had us totally dominated with terrible spells. - You must believe me. - There is something I don't understand, when the women were burned, was he there, or not? Are you implying I am the Fire Killer? You don't know what you're saying. I can prove that's not so. Oh, yeah, and how? Will you make something appear or disappear again? My only mistake was invoking Aldemar thinking he'd be a white magic master. But all he did was to use me, just as he used Carmen. You'll have to explain that to a judge. Yes, I can do that, but you can't accuse me. I didn't burn those women. Having met them doesn't make me guilty. And now with this video, any judge, any lawyer, even the tiniest believer will see that magic exists. Witchcraft and evil exist. Any further doubt about that? You'll be back, okay? I don't know, Jhony Ki, but don't worry, because you and I will always find a way to get in touch. Well, it is not a mobile phone. It has the advantage that the signal never goes out. The first time you tell a good joke. I'm going to miss you. I'll miss you too, Jhony Ki, but I'll give you a present before I leave. Will you turn me into a good musician? No, something better. Something you have always wanted. Do you have a photo of your parents? Yes. Satoni siduos. Close your eyes. Feel them... call and tell them you are ready to say goodbye. Mom, Dad. Forgive me. I know all this was my fault. No, no. It is not your fault. I was the adult and should never have allowed you to take control. It was our fate, son. Just as yours was to become the brave and strong man you are. We, wherever we are, will always take care of you. Live your life, be happy and do what you wish. It is time to go. It is not your fault. Don't go, don't, Dad! - Wait a moment, no! - Get in the boat. I don't want you to go! Please don't go! Jhony Ki, they are all right. They are beings of light and that is where they are going. No, I don't want them to go, please, Carmen. I don't want to repeat this story again. Do something please, don't let them go! I don't want to be alone again. - Please no, not alone again! - Jhony Ki, you won't be alone. They are here in your heart, here. - Don't worry. - Jhony Ki, are you all right? Yes, yes, I'm okay. May I speak with you a moment? Are you sure you are okay? Yes, go ahead, don't worry. [Corcel] This is my first time as a detective that I must close a case with so many questions. The results of this investigation are not proven in DNA tests, or any other known forensic procedure. Despite my own disbelief, I must record in this file that this case could have a magic origin. NATIONAL POLICE SUPPLEMENTARY REPORT And the question regarding who the fire killer was will always be open. [Esteban] Will you go back, then? [Carmen] Yes. You'll always be a slave there, a woman too advanced for her time. That's my time. I must fight with my life and the life of all my friends. Thanks to you, I know I have the power to do it. The time of the Inquisition is very dangerous for someone like you. Here, you have your friends, you can study, and we can be together. A love is waiting for me. It is not our time... maybe in another life. I'll miss you. I'll miss you, too. I must get to the portal and go back. To the portal to do what? - How will I travel to my time otherwise? - You still don't realize it, do you? You don't need a portal, Carmen. [Esteban] The middle lines mark the time, and the outside rings mark the place you want to go. But this portal is for us simple mortals, you don't need it. Carmen, you can travel whenever you want, and that's how you did it at the stake. It wasn't Aldemar. He needs you because only time witches can open this space... with the stone he stole from your mother. You are unique, Carmen. Thank you very much for all you have taught me. - The stone! - What? What is it doing here? I left it at the hostel. I can't believe it. - He used the stone. - Who, Carmen? Carmen. Cristobal, my love! I promised to come for you. Hilda showed me the portal and here I am. We'll never separate again! - I love you. - I love you. Esteban, it's my pleasure. Welcome to the future. If you are here, it's because Jhony Ki used the stone. He wanted to travel to when his parents died. He wanted to change the story. If that's so, I think he traveled to the wrong century. Listen, I wasn't doing anything wrong. I'm a good boy, I was taught good manners at home. Don't be misguided. I don't want to rob you, I don't want to harm you. I'm here by mistake. Let's not take things to the extreme. Let's talk. Talking solves everything. [in English] You can trust me. Good pirate. Good boy. Only love. [in Spanish] Well, I took the coins, but I didn't mean it. I didn't want to take them, I was just curious, so I left them there. Please no, no, wait! Let's not leave the shore, please. And you, friend, brother. Carmen! Carmen! Carmen! Where are you? [end credits music playing] [end credit music ends] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 