Big Brother: Season 22, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big Brother 
 s22e20 - Episode #22.20 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big Brother (2000–…): Season 22, Episode 20 - Episode #22.20 - full transcript 
 With only 10 remaining in the battle for a half million dollars, a puzzling HOH competition began. Who will solve their way to power, and which houseguest will end up on the chopping block?... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on big brother all-stars," the committee alliance was dominating the game. And with Dani in power... congratulations, Dani. You're the new head of household! She put up two people they weren't working with. I nominated you, Kevin and David. But David used the secret disrupter power to save himself from the block. People want me gone. I need to look as nervous andsad as possible so nobody knows 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have this power. In the heat of the moment, Dani put up a fellow committee member. Tyler. David tried to convince the house he didn't unleash the power. Oh, no. It wasn't me. I would have used it last week. I would have saved myself. True. You're not fooling me. I don't think you're fooling anybody in this house. Like David, you used the power on yourself. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 While Dani convinced Tyler hewas not her target. I swear on everything, on everything I don't want you gone. You can win the veto. After da'vonne won the veto and saved Kevin... I have decided Kevin, I'm going to use the veto on you. With limited options, Dani put a former winner the committee's cross hairs. I'm so sorry again. Nicole wasn't ready to let her close ally be evicted. I need for you to stay. Right now I'm more motivated than ever to figure out how to keep Ian in the house. She wanted to sway the committee to keep him. Why take a strong boy out? Cody refused to take Tyler out. Plain and simple for me, there's no reason to stick my neck out for Ian. >> And leaving Nicole in a didn't position. It's all on me and my decision if I want to be the fourth vote and make Dani break the tie. At the live vote and eviction, Nicole stuck with her alliance. Sending the season 14 win tore the jury house. By a vote of 5-3, Ian, you'reevicted from the "big brother" house. With only ten remaining in the battle for a $500,000, a puzzling head of household competition began. Who will solve their way to power and which house guest will end up on the chopping block? Plus, a devious plot was hatchedprior to the eviction. Watch it unfold and see how it shakes up the house. Play this game the right way. All of this right now on "bigbrother." Have to tell it like it is. Go! >> Somehow I survived the block. The committee came through. I live to fight another day. I am so pumped right now. Now I need to win this freaking hoh. I don't know what just happened. I wanted to create a 4-4 tie. Votes came out 5-3. I vote to evict Taylor. >> Tyler. Taylor. Ian. I had a plan to force Dani tobreak a tie and show the house who she is loyal to. Somebody flipped. >> What's going on? I need one vote. If one vote locks in, all the rest follow. You have my vote. I cannot disclose this toothers. Excellent. I agreed to give Ian my vote. If I can split this house, I canwith get more blood on Dani. Dani has run through four nominations this week. The worst hoh ever. She has to pick someone to leavethe house on a split house, she's the number 1 target going into the next hoh. Let's keep this rolling. Appreciate it. I got him to agree and shake on it to vote me to stay. Are you sure? Yes. Here's the thing. If you and Kevin vote for me to stay, I will stay. I have the votes. And I will be here and we will on this. David shook on it with me last night. I swear he did. Ian, I think he might have been lying. He might have been but why would he? What would the point of that be? I'm go to the jury house and be frustrated with him now. I need to make sure that David is ready for the split vote. Otherwise that puts me in danger. I'm going to stick out like a sore thumb as someone that didn't vote to keep Tyler in the house. I don't need that target on my back. I need to hear straight from thehorse's mouth. I need to hear it from daoid before I go along with the plan. Let me have a conversation with him. Thank you. Ian just told me you shook his hand last night and said you would vote for him to stay. Yeah. So we're keeping Ian? Yeah. I vote for Ian, you vote for Ian, Kevin vote for Ian. I want to put it on Dani. Are you sure? Yeah. If not, you put me and Kevin in a bad situation. Okay. He said yeah. Okay. He said yeah. Really? Yes. I don't know. I'm not buying this. I just talked to him. It's like Ian told me... >> I know I don't have the votes tosave Ian. Dani will never go against a committee if the vote is tied 4-4 that knowledge is not known to da'vonne, Kevin and David. Putting Dani in a bad spot wouldput me in a bad spot. I can not let people know that so I have the tell people what they want to hear. I don't want this to get out. About? Okay. Let me know. Did he screw us over? I don't know. I need to talk to him. Go. And grill him. Hold on. What's up? I hearing that David is goingto vote with us, but David's credit score is negative 3,000. My level of trust with him is nonexistent at this point. Because when he had a power and he had the opportunity to tell me that he used it on himself like obviously he did, he didn't tell me. It wasn't me. I would have used it last week. It wasn't me. I would have saved myself. True. Not trustworthy. He's a liar. Does he have your vote? Yeah. For real? It's going to be split. Dani will have to choose. I want her to show her cards. If you back out, Tyler stays and he will blame us. I want the split vote too she gets the blood on her hands. Done. You swear, David? I'm done. It's done. Okay. I don't want to make it a big scene. Dani, David said yes. He shook on >> to you? Yes. He says he wants to make you make the choice. To make me look like a jerk. Yeah. He wants her to make the decision to get the blood on her hands. I can't stand him. He's so fake. I thought I liked him. He's so fake. And you're going to vote Tyler out? Oh, yeah. I told you I would. That's all I want. Number 1, the audacity like who does he think he is? He's coming after me, this is mythird go-around. I think technically it's kind ofdavid's first. So it's just really funny to me that he thinks he can outplay me. I'm going to flip this around and make David public enemy number 1. >> I won't tell anybody. There's no reason for me to. Come on. David told them that he will do it because then I have to stand up in front of everybody and get all the blood on my hands. It's like I didn't know that he hated me so much. Standing up and evicting you is terrible. The worst thing ever. I know. How do I get out of this? What do you mean? If it's three, he still thinks you're one of them. Here's what's going to happen. Nicole will vote out Ian. The votes will come out 5-3 and I won't have to break any tie at all. David, that flip vote, it's going to be blamed on you. This is... David will flip. Nobody is going to believe him. Oh, my god. People are lying in this house. Something is up. I don't know what's going on. I need to win hoh so I can get some information. I have to get hoh. I have to. I'm so annoyed with being on theother side of the votes this time because my gut told me to vote the other way. It's not okay. This could be a really bad week. Da'vonne, you need to win this hoh. If I win power, I want to nominate people who haven't experienced it to this point. I got to win hoh because it's time to get revenge for putting me on the block three times. David is putting this together quite quickly, which is not a good thing. I just nominated the guy and we're setting him up to be framed. So I do not want David to win. In order to win this hoh, we have to build a three-dimensional fire hydrant puzzle broken up to 19 pieces. The first one to do it wins. I want to win this hoh competition really bad because I want to make sure none of my numbers are going home forward and somebody not in alliance with me 100% goes home this week. I have the replay power, which gives me the opportunity to have the outgoing hoh play inthe new hoh competition. But there was see... 0.0000% chance I would use it on myself. I want to start whispering and planting seeds again. I know I need a win. I have a couple of things that ineed to get done this week. The only way they get done is ifi'm head of household. The hardest part of this competition is figuring out what pieces fit where. The pieces I have, I don't thinkthey belong to this fire hyd hydrant. >> This 3-d puzzle is not my forte. I'm looking a t Kevin's puzzle. He's not happy with me but I'm doing it anyway. I tried building from the base up. That wasn't working so well fromme so did sided to go from the top down. I'm making major progress. This competition is not easy. I had a fast start but now the middle is tough. I see Memphis is moving really fast. Now I'm starting to panic. Memphis cannot win this hoh. He's put me up before. The time to win this hoh is now. Super close to winning this thing. I need a few more pieces left. I want to win this so bad because three people not on the committee just voted against me. I have every reason in the worldto nominate someone now. Good job, man. Good job, governor. Congratulations, Memphis. You're the new head of household. Thanks, guys. >> It's tough. I'm the new hoh. I'm stoked. This is perfect for my game. Short-term goal is to evict someone that has been on my radar awhile now. I never really lost control of the house. But I still like sleeping upstairs. I like to thank river for allthe puzzle building. This is for you, buddy. Well, here we go. Memphis has won his second hoh of the season. The person that put me up secondweek, the guy I talk the least game with in the house. I'm not feeling good about this. This is not part of the plan. This is not good. Thank you. We should do the tacos later. For sure. Hoh number 2, the goal for this hoh is simple. I need to set myself up to, you know, make a run at the finals. It has to be perfect. I can't mess this up. I feel like I'm in a vulnerable spot. I don't know what Memphis is going to do. I feel like I'm on an island again. I haven't been in good spots before and survived this. I have to wiggle out of this. I'm going to kill him. I know. I'm going to kill him. This entire plan just went crazy. Literally to shambles. Okay? Somebody flipped. I'm assuming it's David, which I'm passed off about that. These votes were supposed to be 4-4. But now it's 5-3. Guess who is on the 3? Me. Somebody played me, set me up. I believe it's David. I'm going to kill him. I definitely have a hit list and David is climbing up to the top. You're coming after me? I'm going to flip this around and now I'm going to put it on you. So David looks like you have to go soon. Oh, my god, Dani. That was a crazy move. >> It's okay. We ask get out of this. >> So what am I going to say? He flipped. Don't say anything. I don't know. I have to address it. >> He's not that game savvy. He doesn't have the power. It's going to be hilarious. Put a bigger target on him and we know we're safe. So she's like pissed off. It's like it's at you but she ...>> she thinks it's me. We're in a good spot. After all is said and done, Nicole and I are completely in the clear right now. And anything we can do to make David look more guilty and give him a bigger target is just the thing that we need to do right now. So playing the game feels like... Feels good to be on the winning side. Winning side. What happened? I don't know. I guess I got duped. I think a bunch of people gotduped. Blink, blink, lies, deception, deceit. It's you, David. You lied the first time about your power. You're lying again. It's either if you're tellingthe truth and I'm telling the truth, then that means either someone in there is lying. Da'vonne, Nicole, me or you. Somebody is lying. Me, da'vonne, Kevin and Nicole coordinated a plan to vote out Tyler. The vote was supposed to be 4-4. The votes came back 5-3. That was not the plan. Now people are questioning my vote, how I went. I don't know what happened. Okay. David played us. Yeah, I know. I'm going to kill him. >> I know. I'm so upset. The thing is, if I didn't have my hopes up, I was already accepting it and now I feel numb. I'm going to ignore him. >> I can't believe he did that. I hate lying. I hate pretending like I'm shocked. It's absolutely terrible. But you know what? I have to stick to it at this point or even in even more trouble. Truth in this house does not setyou free. Gets people pissed off. Nicole, I'm going to kill him. Just breathe. Don't give him the satisfaction. I know. Going hiding and being pissed ...that's what Dani said. Go out there, try to be normal. The good thing is Tyler didn't win. But it was so freaking close. But he didn't win. I don't feel great because I'm pretty sure that David flipped on us. I'm furious. What in the actual hell is wrongwith you? Stupid. He's stupid, Dani. He just made my fight two times harder. I'm extremely frustrated because David and I are supposed to be here for the same goal. Why would you sabotage me? I haven't done anything to this man. Not one thing. What is your problem? Idiot. He doesn't even realize I was the biggest ally that he had. He's an idiot. Stupid idiot. Idiot. It's quiet in here tonight. Why did you flip? I didn't. Okay. >> I'm telling you I didn't. I'm serious. People told me not to trust you. I still trusted you. Somebody is using us. But you don't believe it? You know how hard it is for me and you to play this game. Yes. You just made my chances two times harder. I did what I shook on. Okay. David has been trying to sabotage my game all throughout. That doesn't help me. I've been doing everything that totally contradicts me but I have to do it in this game to gofurther and then he does this stupid... you wasted my time. Why are you shaking your head? Now it looks like I flipped on the votes. That's what it looks like right now. I mean, I'm just saying, I don'thave many people in this house and now it looks like that. I'm just stating what it looks like. Why are you being loud. >> Who are you talking about? To who? She's pissed at me now. I swear, I voted to keep him in. Talking about everybody out there said all this that I don't... that I'm trying to avoid. That's coming at me right now. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Jesus, Jesus. Don't air this right now. I don't want to in this house. That's why I tried to play this game the right way. I hear David screaming out ofnowhere. He seems to be really upset. My plan is working better than ithought it would. All eyes are now on him. Whose walls are caving in now, David? I can't even play with peoplei don't without getting lied on me. Da'vonne does not trust me. She doesn't believe me. Us being visibly upset or arguing just shows the cards. When things don't work out it just comes back to me in a negative way. It's not fair. ♪ >> If I end up in the jury house, all of this was for nothing. He's such an idiot. Oh, man. All of that was for nothing. He's going crazy. What's wrong? He's spiralling. What's going on here? You heated. I know. I don't blow up like that. Every moment I play the right way with her, something Happens. I voted the way we said we were going to vote. All of a sudden, they don't go that way. It comes back to me. I don't like to explode like that because I look like a dumb ass. Yelling in the house. Dani and Nicole looking at me like I'm dumb. Probably laughing because maybe they came up with this whole idea. >> I think I was set up. I personally feel like it's Nicole. If any Cole and Dani have been working together, which I think they have been, it's obvious, they don't want Tyler to go after them. Nicole can flip and like oh, it was those three. I wouldn't make a scene like this, I wouldn't feel this way if I voted that way. I think the whole thing was messy in general. Literally when I make an effort to make a difference in a good way on how this game goes, it is thrown in my face. When your power was used, people went there many scenarios. They boiled down to two things. One, you had the power and you used it or two, they're like there's some random guardian angel. People are like it probably is like... in this situation, it's the same thing. I think there's a small worldwhere Nicole flipped. She possibly didn't vote to keepian in order to save her friend, Dani and in order to entrap me and da'vonne and David. I would give that like a 5% chance. It's all good. If I go on the block, I'm probably going to be a target again. Are you cooking it? No. It's taco night in the "big brother" house. We have the guac made, slice up the onions, the lettuce, the tortillas. Really good. >> Everybody is super stoked for these tacos. Thank you, guys. Kevin, you killed it. They look so nice. I helped cook it all. So I'm taking a step back and let everybody make their plates before the soux chef digs in. Everyone to the living room. Oh! >> You better stuff your faces now. Have nuts. Congrats on making it through your week of cold showers and the boiler room bedroom. It's now your duty to each select a have not for the week. You cannot choose yourself or any other outgoing have-nots. There's two this week since the Ian was evicted. I'm looking around and I see everyone stuffinger that face with tacos. Everybody knows how terrible it is to be a have not. So better be stuffing your face can tacos. You don't know where it's going to go. You might get picked to be a have not. Let's start with da'vonne. Christmas. All right, Christmas. Next up is David. Damn, bro. I don't get to eat. I'm sorry. I thought you were going to pickkevin. Cool. Are you mad? I heard you all week, Kevin, Kevin, Kevin. You get good sleep up there. It's all padded and stuff. Make sure it's unpadded when I choose you. Is that what we're doing? Uh, yeah. Are you upset? Thank you. I choose Christmas. I mean, duh. You were hoh last week and you nominated me and my best friend in the house and sent her packing. So yes, this week you have not food, not hot showers and not a warm bed or nothing else that weget. Enjoy that. I spent the week on the block? Are you really mad? Girl? No. I'm happy to be a have not. I'm furious. So now I'm suddenly a have not because I put you on the block? All I have to say is I'm excitedfor next week when I name my own have-not because apparently we go tit for tat. So happy. All right, Christmas and Cody, you're the have-nots for the week. Thank you. It's a good day. Like I don't know if it's the smartest game play. I'd like to be next to you. I'm going to say this openly andcompletely vulnerable. I would love to see a female winall-stars. Love it. Me too. Just like... >> listen, you okay? I'm not that... >> oh, my gosh. What's happening? It's slippery. Trying to figure out who in the hell Memphis would nominate. It was four. You taking a shower? Yeah. You want to talk about yesterday or... no? You guys not talking yet? No. I keep trying. I give her the benefit of the doubt. I tell the truth. She always does this. I'm trying to make it work. Tell her definitively these words, I voted Tyler out. If she does not accept it, that's on her. I just don't care anymore. Maybe, they are just outplaying us. Like this voting flip, liteliterally... whether she believes me in the house or whether she finds out when this whole game is over, she's going to see how I voted. She knows I want to talk to her, mend thing. She knows that. She chose to walk away because she's not ready for that. I respect that. When the time is right, we'll have a moment to talk. I'll try to soften her up. My hands are full. That's you. What's up, doctor? What's up? Oh, man. I put David on the block on week two. I don't have a good relationshipwith David. I'm not in any alliance with David. Makes sense for him to go now. The only way I can make sure he goes home is to back door. I need to make a deal with davidto incentivize him if he wins the power of veto he doesn't win. You want a seat at the table? You got it. All right. Here's the deal. This is straight up business deal. Listen carefully. If we shake hands and you promise me you will not play the veto, keep my nominations the same, I'll keep you off the block this week. The biggest point of this deal is you can't talk about it. You can't tell anyone that we made this deal, not one person. So if I hear something, I know it's coming straight from you and you will be public enemy number 1. I'll make a point of it. But I have other things in mind this week and you're not part of them in that regard. So the deal is straightforward. You shake my hand, then you won't be on the block. Okay. Sounds like a plan. Deal? Deal. Sweet. Awesome. Congrats again. Appreciate it. >> I wanted that one. All right, Memphis. Let's make a deal. I think he can make me safe and I think we can make this happen. I need alliances in this game even if are they're short term. These are moves to stay safe in this game. Or could be a way for him to back door me. That's a wrap. Hey, guys. Time for the nomination ceremony. I haven't told anybody my nominations because everybody has a loose tongue. I want to be sure my plan stays intact. This is the until nomination ceremony. It's my responsibility as head of household to nominate two house guests for eviction. My nomination block are the keysof the house guests I'm nominating for eviction. I will turn two keys to lock in my nomination and their faces will appear on the memory wall. The first house guest that I've nominated is... the next house guest I have nominated is... Theveto is the most powerful power in this house. You exercised that power last week. For me, it was a no-brainer. Sorry, guys. At this point, it comes down to have a great relationship with everyone in here but it's still the game. This nomination ceremony is adjourned. I nominated da'vonne and Kevin. They're pawns. It's time to get rid of him. I saw this. My intuition, my gut, everythingtold me da'vonne you're going to end up on the block because of this vote. In order to stay in this house, I have to win this veto. It broke last week. So let's just hope that I can keep this thing going. Look, I've been on the block already three times before and survived. You know, maybe I can survive again. Maybe. The only way I can possibly get out of this is win veto, so on this next veto, a girl will fight. I'm taking off my earrings rightnow. Because we're about to scrap. I just shook on a deal that saved me from the block. Now it's on Kevin and da'vonne. This is "big brother all-stars." If I get picked for veto, I'm going to play to win. Save a friend. Who will win the power of veto? Will it be used to save Kevin orda'vonne from eviction? Plus, zing bot is back and readyto roast the all-stars. All this Wednesday night at 8:00/7:00 central on "big brother"! Captioning funded by CBS captioned by media access group at wgbh 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 