Big Brother: Season 22, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big Brother 
 s22e22 - Episode #22.22 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big Brother (2000–…): Season 22, Episode 22 - Episode #22.22 - full transcript 
 Who will be the next All-Star sent to the Jury House? Kevin or Da'Vonne? Plus, a B.B. legend returns to the game to kick off a new twist. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mistrust, misreads, missed opportunities... another all-star is poised to miss out on the half million dollar grand prize. Welcome to "big brother all-stars." Previously on "big brother all-stars": I am so sorry, Ian. With Ian on the block, David wanted to try and force a tie to make Dani a target. If I can split this house, I can get more blood on Dani. If she has to pick someone to leave the house on a split house, she becomes the number one target going into the next 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 h.O.H. But after Dani found out, she hatched a devious new plan with Nicole. Here's actually what's going to happen. Nicole's actually going to vote out Ian. The votes are going to come out 5-3, and I'm not going to have to break any tie at all. And David, that flip vote, it's going to be brahamed on you. So Nicole voted against Ian. By a vote of 5-3, Ian, you are evicted from the "big brother" house. And she furthered the plot to frame David. David played us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah, I know. I can't believe he did that. Leaving da'vonne to confront David. Why did you flip? I didn't. Okay. David has been trying to sabotage my game all throughout. That doesn't help us any way. With Memphis winning h.O.H. Congratulations, Memphis, you're the new head of household. ...He wanted to backdoor David. I don't have a good relationship with David. I'm not in any alliance with David, so it just makes sense for him to go now. So he put up two powns. I've nominated you, da'vonne, and you, Kevin. While I choose Dani. I choose Nicole. ...Tyler took notice of who Kevin and da'vonne picked to play. When Kevin and da'vonne both pick Dani and Nicole for houseguest choice, my suspicions are all but confirmed that Dani and Nicole have been working some side deals. After Tyler became the veto king. And look at that. I got one! ...Memphis wanted him to use it. I want to get rid of David because he's gunning for me, and all of a sudden it's a hiccup? That's not cool. But Tyler made a pitch to keep David safe. David is sitting on an island right now. I know, I get it. They might. Why didn't they get picked? You know, yeah, no, I mean, there's definitely that. If Dani and Nicole are working side deals, knocking out one of their allies might make sense, since David doesn't have any. At the veto meeting, da'vonne called some people out. It started back when you were used to put bayleigh up here. I knew it was a matter of time between you, you, or even you, would be in a position to take a sht at me or Kevin. I'm not going to ask you to use the veto. I know you're not going to use it. At this point, whatever is going to happen is going to happen. And Tyler did as she predicted. I've decided not to use the power of veto. Tonight, either Kevin or da'vonne will be sent to jury. Plus, a bye b.B. Legend will surprise the houseguest and you will learn about the next megatwist. All this right now live on "big brother"! That was worse than I could ever imagine. Captioning funded by CBS Good evening. I'm Julie chen moonves. Welcome to "big brother all-stars." It's day 51 inside the "big brother" house and she the dominant "committee" alliance has managed to keep from imploding for yet another week. And while either da'vonne or Kevin will be evicted this evening, whoever is left behind could become a valuable number when "the committee" is forced to turn on one another. But first, in the "big brother" house with so much on the line, you can sometimes lose yourself on your quest to win it all. This veto meeting is adjourned. I decided not to use the power of veto after I saw one too many red flags between Dani and da'vonne. I realized I see da'vonne as a warrior for Dani and Nicole down the line to come after me and other people I'm close with. And I don't want that to happen. Sorry, day. It's okay. I originally wanted Tyler to use the veto so I could backdoor David, but I think there's something going on between da'vonne, Nicole, and Dani, and I need to nip it in the bud. So I have no problem us keeping the noms the same and voting da'vonne to go. Something very strange is going on here. First, da'vonne and Kevin pick Nicole and Dani to play in the veto comp. And now, da'vonne gives this speech calling people out, not including Dani and Nicole. It's obvious that this little trio, Dani, Nicole, and da'vonne, have something major going on behind the scenes. I didn't expect Tyler to use the veto, because even though Memphis tried to make this plan to backdoor David, it is all posturing and fake gestures, because they want us to feel like we don't want you to go. We want to save you. My chances of staying are 50-50. It literally is a toss of a coin. Some somebody toss a coin at this point. She did that. I'm tired of it. I'm tired. I'm not surprised Tyler didn't use the veto. I mean, I'm no dummy, and I'm a little insulted because I feel like they're trying to play me like I am one! I'm not going to roll over and die, so, come on. Let's go. And what happened? They all went and scurried. My meter is running low. I can't keep doing this. I just... I have this moment where... Being in here, I'm losing... I'm losing me. When I did my first two seasons, I had so many people reach out to me and say, you know, you encouraged me to stand up to my bully. You encouraged me to find my voice. You encouraged me to find my inner strength, and I thank you for being that person. "And I have not been that person this season. I'm going against everything that I've taught these young women to do. I'm... I'm now doing the opposite. I have people telling me, "da'vonne, you encouraged me to find my voice," and here I am putting a muzzle on mine. Whooo! This season, I said, da'vonne, you have to advance in this game. There's a bigger picture. You have to advance in this game. So just be quiet. Because when you look at a picture of all the winners, there's nobody that looks like me. My mom raised a strong, strong, strong black queen. And I'm a little embarrassed because I literally hide my voice, the very thing that I've encouraged people to do, I come here and do the opposite. And I feel so bad about it. And I'm just tired. I'm tired. It's... it's draining me. It's draining me. Hi, baby. You look pretty in this orange. Thanks. Do you understand why I said what I said? Absolutely, 100%. It makes me sad, that's all. I really want da'vonne to stay in the house this week. Not only do I have a good thing going with her, but she's a number for my side and she'll go after people that aren't me. The thing is, I don't know if I have the votes. Like, this has been a very hard season for me, acting like I'm a part of the peasantry, while the royal kingdom... like, I'm sick of it. I had made a vow to myself, I'm not campaigning. I'm not talking to any of y'all. .I'm not about to do the extras. I'm not about to, "where does your vote lie? Who is staying this week?" We're not doing that this time. I' not giving you the satisfaction. I'm not kissing nobody's asses, none of that. I'm not going to give Cody the satisfaction of a campaign. I'm not going to give Tyler the satisfaction of a campaign. I'm not going to give Enzo the satisfaction of a campaign. I might hit our girl very briefly. That's still only three votes, even if she does, though. Well, let's see if David is willing to stick to his morals, like I did on week two. If not, then I'm out. I was going to ask you, like, I'm going to talk to Cody, but the person I'm worried about is Christmas. So that's what I was going to ask you if you could help me nudge Christmas in the right direction. I go up to the h.O.H. Room like a little lost, pathetic puppy dog, and I feel like I never talked game with Memphis, but maybe he will shoot it straight and tell me, am I going or not? I think she has Dani. I think she has Nicole. You are definitely right that Dani and Nicole I think... i think were going that direction. Yeah. After that speech, I don't think anyone is going to vote for her to stay. Oh. That kind of play doesn't work. Right. But, no, as far as this week, man, I would continue to do what you're doing. But I would be shocked if she even got one vote. Hold on. Memphis is basically saying I'm going to stay. Is this real? I'm not sure. But it's my first sign that maybe the house is situation in my favor? So things are looking pretty good. But I think you're good, brother. I really do, man. So, between me and you, like, the Ian situation, I've been thinking that for a while that it was her. I've been thinking about the scenario which David actually did follow through. David has definitely lied in this house. I mean, sure, he lied about his power, but that's kind of like a harmless, understandable lie. But David lying about this vote is diabolical betrayal, because he set up me and da'vonne to be targets the following week. And tathat just doesn't seem like David. I think she did because she had to. Nicole? I don't see it. Why wouldn't she? You know, I'll ask again, but I don't see it. It doesn't matter asking at this point. They wouldn't tell you. She'd tell me. Okay. She'd tell me. And I could be one million percent wrong, but I don't think she's... i don't feel like... I'll ask again. But I don't feel it. I was going to come find you. Find me? Yes. Okay, don't be mad at me. Don't be like, okay, da'vonne, seriously?" But I'm going to ask you one final time, and I want you to be honest with me, Nicole. Did you flip your vote? I didn't... i did what I told you. You voted to keep Ian? You know, yeah. Okay. In all of my three seasons, this is by far the worst situation I've ever been in. My lie, it just keeps getting worse and worse and bigger and bigger. And I feel like I'm digging myself into a hole I'm never going to get out of. And I wantto tell da'vonne the truth so bad. I just know it will blow up my game. I don't want to be bashing hm and be wrong. Yeah, no, I know. I'm not sure what... What David's thing was, or whatever. David has went out of his way to try to sabotage my game multiple times this season. So the trust is nonexistent, okay. As where Nicole, you know, we've been repairing whatever trust was broken during season 18, and so, I kind of feel like I can give her the benefit of the doubt. David, not so much. Well, you're going to go to work this week. I'm going to go to work this week. You just need four. At this point, I'm really confident that I can depend on Nicole and Dani to be two votes to keep me in this house. However, I need four. So I need to figure out where these other two votes are coming from. I am going to have a conversation with old girl. I'll talk to David. And that's four. Yeah. We'll see what happens. I honestly think there's a good chance. I'm staying optimistic. I want to keep da'vonne in the house this week because, you know, she's definitely a number for me and for Dani. But I can only do it if it's not going to screw things up with my alliance. It sucks. Okay, I'm going to put on... Up next, David's status rises as "the committee" alliance shows signs of fracturing. Then, we have a surprise for the houseguests as a "big brother" legend moves into the neighbor's house to shake things up. Stay with us. Welcome back to "big brother all-stars." Soon, either da'vonne or Kevin will be evicted. But some are plotting their next big move before a single vote has even been cast. I want to talk to you about something. I have an idea. It has to do with us creating two different alliances. My thought is this, if you're game. I'm going to bring one person and we'll make it final three. Then I'm going to bring in another person, and we're going to make the same deal with this other person. See what I'm saying? You know, yeah. So that's two different alliances. Me and you are in both. And it's with one other person on each side. That means we technically have four people. Yeah. But they only know we have three. Yeah. I needed to win this h.O.H. To really pave my way to the final end of this game. So I've come up with an idea to create two different three-person alliances, both of them with me and Enzo, who is not part of "the committee." Enzo is someone that I think I could beat with the jury. The only thing that overlaps on these two alliances is me and which that's what we're creating right now, to confirm we will make it to the final two no matter which way you slice it, okay? Cool? Yeah. Right? I gotta get to the final three, and then I gotta win. You got to think about the people that you're up against at that point. You can get the jury votes? The crazy thing about the alliance that will create, we'll create two. But we're going to create them with the exact same name. Same name. The goal is for me and you to get to the final two. Right. 100%. I think we make a three-person alliance to the end with Enzo. Yeah. You know what I mean? 100%. This is perfect, because Memphis and I are working on the same sideo "the committee," and then Enzo and I have a final two. So now I have something set in stone that keeps both of them on the same side is very good for me moving forward this this game. All right, this is the deal right now. We're in phase two right now. This is the time we look out for each other, we fight and we end up in the final three. > Let's go. Final three, "the wise guys." "The wise... " "The wise guys." All right, I'm with it. I love... "the wise guys." So now "wise guys 1" is formed, and now it's time to work on "wise guys" version two. I want to talk to you about how we make a run for final two. Look our best bet to get to two, we need to make a three-person, alliance to the wend Enzo. Tyler and I have had a final two alliance from day one, and I am loyal to Tyler. Okay. Sit your ass down. But I also have to make sure if he goes, then I have myself set up for another team. Final three, "the wise guys." I'm not a guy. It's a term. It's like you're street smart. What do you think? You know, okay. We've got to get to the end, guys. I'm stoked. Get out. I gotta talk to him. That's perfect. Memphis offers me a final three, ask I'm thinking, if I'm sitting next to this guy in the final two seats, I got a good chance of beating this guy so why not take that deal right now. Bye, talk to you later. That was too easy, actually. We need to talk. We need to, like, have some kind of plan. Yeah, I agree. Do you have an idea? You know, I think Kevin's the obvious choice, right? Like, obvious. I know a lot of people actually do want da'vonne out, and I don't. That's not best for my game. So I'll do what I can to try to protect da'vonne. He's better in competitions. He's o only won one. He came close except for the puzzle. Da'vonne is not coming after us. So it would be stupid, riept? You know, yeah. That's my opinion. What do you think? I mean, honestly, either one. She thinks she's going to go home. Why does she think that? Just because, like, the guys are going to vote her out. Aren't they the minority? Without David? Well, she thinks David's with them. Why? Because of the vote and stuff, too. So she does think that he voted? You know, she thinks they're all together. It's obvious Dani wants da'vonne to stay this week so she has a an ally. That's a major, major problem. They are going to run this house if I don't split them up. So Thursday, we definitely need to have our ducks in a row. Like, everybody be on the same page. Agree, 100%. All right, I was thinking... What were you thinking? Hear me out. I was already really suspicious of Dani and Nicole's relationship with da'vonne. But Dani campaigning to send Kevin out and keep da'vonne definitely confirms this for me. I have an idea how I want to handle this, but I want to run it by Memphis first. If we tell David, hey, look, we're going to guarantee you to final eight. That's the next two evictions safe. What do we need from David, though? We need David to put up either Nicole or Dani, and we want him him as a vote just in case. I can leverage that. Eventually, we're going to have to start taking shots at "the committee" members. So if David's going to be around the house, I want to make sure that he's taking shots at other "commie" members, not me. What I want to see is if we save him, he takes the shot at the people we want him to take a shot at over a Cody and Enzo. No, no, no. I get it. I get that. So we need to feed him the Dani-Nicole thing. That's what I wanted to do. But I wanted to... No, I'm... Cross-reference with you. I think that's a great thing to feed him and, like, put a target in his brain. And I want to have that conversation with David to try and steer him towards what we want. That shoot a fire that "the committee" doesn't have to take. Yup. And we sit back. Oh! Listen, don't think that I'm here to entrap you. I'm actually here because I think that there's some information that can benefit both of us. Yeah. I want to take a leap of faith with you. Okay. So for me, I would like to say, like, obviously, I want... You're safe with me. Same. Let's get to the top eight and continue to protect each other. Okay. I know how you voted. Yeah? You know, I know that you, Kevin, and da'vonne all voted for Ian to stay. That whole voting situation just was very, uh... It burned you, specifically with da'vonne. I just didn't think that it was fair to pin that on you. I don't think da'vonne fully trusts that you didn't vote the way that her and Kevin did. So I want you to think about who da'vonne didn't call out. She didn't call out Nicole, Dani and... Does it matter who else? Yeah. Sweet Nicole. She didn't vote the way that she says she did. Yup. Finally, someone believes me that I voted to keep Ian. Not only does she believe me, but she's also sharing good game information, which has been really hard to get to in this house. And now that I know Dani and Nicole tried to set me up as the fall guy. Going forward, I know who my targets are in the "big brother" house. Does this build some trust? Yes. Pinky swear? Pinky swear. That's, like, major. I got you, I got you. Up next, the live vote to evict either da'vonne or Kevin begins. Who will become the next member of the all-star jury? And how will the houseguests react when they learn that a "big brother" legend is about to become their neighbor? Stay with us. Welcome back to "big brother all-stars." Da'vonne and Kevin. She survived the block once this summer. He has survived it three times. But one of them will not be so lucky tonight. Let's head to the living room and talk with the two nominees. Hello, houseguests. Hey, Julie! Well, everyone, it is time for the live vote and eviction. Da'vonne, Kevin, in just moments your housemates will cast their vote to evict live. But before they do, you each have a final chance to sway their votes with one brief statement. And, da'vonne, you're up first. Thank you, lord for giving me another opportunity to play this game they love so much! Casandra waldep was the very first houseguest to walk through those doors. She was a strong woman. Daniele Reyes sat in these clars. She as well was a strong black woman and almost won off her game. The spin-off, "celebrity big brother" tamar Jackson won by a unanimous vote. I have the desire to join that list of women to be the first African American to ever win this game. 21 seasons of winners, and not one of those faces look like mine. So when I walked through those doors, I had that desire, determination to be the very first face to give hope to those behind me who have the desire to come and play this game, because not seeing a face that looks like mine is very discouraging, it's hurtful, and does make me feel like maybe it's impossible. But it is possible. We can do it. It just hasn't been done yet. Houseguests, also, sorry, I wan to acknowledge every African American who has walked through those doors with the same desire. I see you, I appreciate you. You came in here, you knew the oddses were against you, you knew it was going to be an uphill battle and you still fought and it was an uphill battle. And I admire you and acknowledge you today. Houseguests, if my time is today, then I can honestly say whatever journey god sent me in here, and whatever mission he put me on to do in here I have completed it, and I am done. But I'm not going out without a fight. With that being said, I ask everyone here this week to be honest with me and tell me how this week was going to go. Some of you were. I will take that into the jury house with me. Jury management is important at this time of the game. I'm fully aware I was kept inside of this house because I made a respectable move when I voted for Nicole in our season, regardless of what happened in the game. The part that people leave out, is she stabbed me in the front. She didn't stab me in the back. For those I looked in the eye and asked, "what's going on this week, just be honest with me" and you flat-out lied or gave me the oh, so scripted, "I don't know what's going on," I will take that into the jury house as well. Thank you. I love my god. I love my child. I love "big brother." Let's play the game. I love god, too. I love that you thanked god and may casandra walden be resting in peace in god's arms... Waldren, sorry. Kevin, please make it brief. Diversity inclusion doesn't end with zoom trainings. If everybody looks up five companies and organizations and if their board or leadership doesn't reflect diversity hold them accountable. Representation matters. That includes gender. Houseguests, I talked to you, please, if you think there's value to your game, vote to keep me. And, da'vonne, thanks for making my dreams come true playing with you. You made me feel like a winner already. Thank you, both. It's time for the live voting to begin. Memphis, as current head of household, you're not allowed it vote. As always, neither are the two nominees. One at a time the rest of you will enter the diary room and cast your vote to evict. Tyler, you're up first. Please go to the diary room. Tyler has been concerned that da'vonne is coming after him. Will he take this opportunity to vote her out tonight? Hi, Tyler. Hey, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict da'vonne. I'm sorry, day. Thank you. I love you, Angela. Enzo is tight with everyone in the house. So who will he let go of tonight? Hi, Enzo. Hey, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict da'vonne. Thank you. Gianco, I miss you! Currently, the vote is two votes to evict da'vonne, zero votes to evict Kevin. The remaining five votes when we return. Stay with us. Welcome back to "big brother all-stars." The houseguests are voting to evict either da'vonne or Kevin. So far, it's two votes to evict da'vonne, zero votes to evict Kevin. Let's continue with the live voting. Nicole has struggled with her desire to keep da'vonne, but knows her alliance wants da'vonne gone. Hi, Nicole. Hi, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict Kevin. Thank you. Hank you. Love you, Jackie. Love you, Victor. David has been playing his own game. So what's best for that game tonight? Hi, David. Hey, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I sadly vote to evict da'vonne. Thank you. Cody isn't aligned with either nominee. What will he do? Hi, Cody. Hi, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict da'vonne. Thank you. Christie, I love you, babe. It's official, with four votes to evict da'vonne, da'vonne will leave the house tonight. But let's see how the other votes fall. Hi, Dani. Hey, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict Kevin. Thank you. Thanks. Tennessee, Dom, I love you. Christmas fears that Dani and Nicole are working with da'vonne. Will she crush her fear and vote out da'vonne? Hi, Christmas. Hi, Julie. Please cast your vote to evict. I respectfully vote to evict the fiery but classy da'vonne. Thank you. Thank you. Love you, brother. All of the votes are in. Let's give the nus to the houseguests. Houseguests, the votes are in. When I reveal the vote, the evicted houseguest will have just a few moments to say good-bye, gather his or her belongings, and walk out the front door. And, remember, you are leaving the "big brother" bubble, so please put on your mask when you exit. By a vote of 5-2, da'vonne, you are evicted from the "big brother" house. I love you. Sorry. That's okay. Oh, girl! Okay! I'm sorry, Julie. It's Nicole's fault! It's Nicole's fault. There we go. I can't believe you tried to snatch my wig off. Love you, guys. Love you, day. If I could give you a hug and leave your beautiful hair in place and your earrings, I would, but you know I cannot. So I'm giving you a virtual hug from afar. Stay right there, lady. Thank you. When we return I will talk one-on-one with da'vonne. Stay with us. Hi, Julie girl! Welcome back to "big brother all-stars." I'm sitting here with kayser, who was just evicted from the "big brother" house by a vote of 5-2. It has been quite a week for you. How are you feeling right now? I am relieved. You are? You know, I am relieved. Why? You know, Julie, I was sick of those people. I was ready to go. I was sick of those people. I love this game, but sometimes being in there, it's just... it's a lot! It's a lot. And you know me, Julie. I'm real. The fakeness I can't deal with. After several weeks, I'm like, this face mask has to come out of retirement. I'm such a fan of yours, and even more so after this season. Thank you, thank you. Why do you think... 5-2. Why do you think the majority of the house wanted to keep Kevin over you? You know, because Kevin can be puppetted. I love Kevin. That's one of my great friends, but he can be puppetted. And I can't. When I did my veto speech, I think they realized, oh, snap. This is who we saw in season 17 and 18. She's back. We can't do nothing with that. So let her go. From four and five years ago when you first played. Exactly. Before we talk more about this let me show you some of your good-bye messages because it might shed some light on everything. Okay. Da'vonne, meeting you, playing with you has made my time not just bearable, but a dream come true. And I'm sad to see you go. Hey, day. The reason that Christmas didn't t didn't want to put me up is because we've been in a six-person alliance since the beginning of the game with Memphis, Cody, Nicole, and Dani. And that's leads me to why I had to vote you out this week. It kind of felt like Dani and Nicole were positioning you to come after me. I hope you don't hold this against me. Da'vonne, we had our moment where's we had a little bit of friction, but know I wouldn't have got this far without you, and I appreciate you for that. Da'vonne, I'm in an alliance with five other people since day two, and I got caught in the middle of... This lie where... i had to vote Ian out of the house. I'm so sorry, da'vonne. I just really hope you'll give me a chance outside this house to be friends because I really love you as a person. Huh. Before we get to Nicole. First what, are your thoughts on what you heard Tyler say? About the alliance. I knew it. There were alliances everywhere. They were falling out of the sky, from the couches. They were everywhere. I knew something was going on. But Nicole and Dani! Let's talk about Nicole. All week you've been asking her to tell you the truth about how she voted last week. Given the information you now have, where do things stand with you and Nicole? You know, uhm, I don't know. Because I was asking her for purposes that were not game related. I told her, I said, "Nicole, I'm a black woman in this game. David is a black man in this game. I do not want to be on television bashing him and calling him a liar if he did nothing wrong. So if you did that and you voted Ian out, just tell me. I won't hold it against you. I won't be angry with you. Just be honest with me." She said? She said, "I swear, I voted Tyler out." So that is why I'm bothered. Game-wise, I get it, girl. Do what you got to do for your alliance. But that was personal, and that was important for me. And I told her to be honest with me about it. Ian is waiting for you in the jury house, before we send you there, final thoughts, in a few seconds. God be the glory for second chances. I love this game. I love being black. And I just love everything right now. Give me a Margarita, I'm ready to go. Make that two. I'm joining her! Yes! From six feet away. Thank you so much. Thank you, Julie. We're going to talk more after we get off the air. To see my extended interview with da'vonne head to When woe return, the houseguests find out that a b.B. Legend is moving into the neighbor's house. Stay with us. Welcome back to "big brother all-stars." It is time to have a little fun with the houseguests and launch our latest surprise on them. Houseguests. I need everyone to gather in the living room right now. What does that mean? No, no, no, no, no. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Happy Birthday Dominique. Happy Birthday Charlie moonves. We have to get off the air. How are all of you doing? Are all of you there? I have some news for all of you. But you know what? I think this news is probably best delivered by someone you all know. Oh, my god! Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's up, all-stars? Great news. I just bought your neighbor's house. I guess that makes me Dr. will, your brand-new neighbor. I mean, come on. You didn't think you could have all-stars without me, did you? And as your new neighbor, thought it would be fun to put my own little spin on the game. Maybe you remember my life motto... money can't buy you love. But it can buy you stuff and I love stuff per if the the next h.O.H. And veto competition you're going to have an important decision to make... go for power or go for prizes. I sure know what I would do. Good luck. Whoa! Oh, and I do live right next door, so you will be seeing me again. Yay! Yeah! Oh! That's pretty cool. Of course. That was so good! Oh! Oh, my! I have no idea what to do. So what does season two winner Dr. will Kirby have in store for the game? When faced with prizes or power, what will the houseguests do? And will Dani use her last chance to exercise her replay power, allowing Memphis to play in the upcoming h.O.H. Competition? Get all the answers this Sunday at 8:00, 7:00 central. Then oned with, at 8:00, 7:00 central, otev returns to the game as the power of veto is back up for grabs. Then, one week from tonight, neighbors week ends in an epic fashion with a two-hour special event episode as not one, not two, but three houseguests will be shown the front door. That's right... it is a triple eviction, and it all happens live next Thursday. to get the live feeds and more. For now, let's eavesdrop on the houseguests. From outside the "big brother" house, I'm Julie chen moonves. Be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to become angry. Good night. Your perspective from me, and I like that, but, like, I just didn't want... but, like, when I was sitting in here, I was like this conversation isn't going to happen now. That's why I left. I wasn't mad. I wasn't mad at you at all. All right. I understand why you feel... i understand if you feel how you felt this morning. You know what I'm saying? I was literally just woken up out of bed. I know, and I'm apologizing to you. I'm sorry if I made you feel like... we're, like, so on the same... I know, and that's why, like, when I was talking to you, whatever, I know you just woke up, but no, that wasn't live. Maybe it was. I don't know. That's good. We couldn't hear them? You know, no. He was probably wearing a mic. That was good. I glad they brought someone back. The whole time you were like, "somebody's up there." Wow. That's awesome. Do you think he's going to peek out here and there, then, I'm assuming. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 