Big Brother: Season 22, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big Brother 
 s22e21 - Episode #22.21 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big Brother (2000–…): Season 22, Episode 21 - Episode #22.21 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Announcer: Previously on "big brother all-stars": In a three-month power struggle for a half million dollars, "the committee" alliance of six was dominating the game. Congratulations, Dani. You are the new head of household. Announcer: And with Tyler on the block next to Kevin, Kevin was their clear target. I don't trust anybody in this house. I trust only one thing... the veto. Announcer: But after da'vonne won veto and saved her friend. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have decided, Kevin, I'm going to use the veto on you. Gla ...Ian became "the committee's" new target. I am so sorry, Ian gla before the vote, David wanted to try to force a tie to save Ian. If I can split this house, I can get more blood on Dani. If she has to pick someone to leave the house on a split house, she becomes the number one target going into the next h.O.H. Announcer: But when Dani found out, she wanted to make David pay. Here's actually what's going to happen. Nicole's actually going to vote out Ian. The vote's going to come out 5-3, and I'm not going to have to break any tie at all. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And, David, that flip vote, it's going to be blamed on you. Gla after Nicole's vote officially sealed Ian's fate... Julie: After a vote of 5-3. Ian, you are evicted from the "big brother" house gla... she made da'vonne believe of it David who did it. Did you flip? I didn't. David has been trying to sabotage my game all throughout. That doesn't help us in any way. Announcer: With the power back up for grabs, Memphis assembled a second h.O.H. Reign. Congratulations, Memphis, you're the new head of household. Announcer: Memphis wanted David out. I don't have a good relationship with David. I'm not in any alliance with David. So it just makes sense for him to go now. Announcer: So he made a fake deal with him. You want to play the veto, keep my nominations the same, I'll keep you off the block this week. You can't tell anyone that we made this deal. Sounds like a plan diswriecialings. Announcer: At the nomination ceremony. I've nominated you, da'vonne, and you, Kevin. Announcer: ...Memphis put up two pawns. I nominated da'vonne and Kevin but they're basically just pawns so I can backdoor David. He is not in my alliance. It's time. Announcer: Tonight, with the veto on the line, will Memphis succeed in backdoing David? Plus, all the way from planet zing, the one and only zingbot is back. All this right now on "big brother"! Captioning funded by CBS ♪ ♪ This nomination ceremony is adjourned. I've nominated da'vonne and Kevin, I need two people that I have an excuse to put up there, which is da'vonne used the p.O.V. Last week on Devin. But my main goal for the week is to send David home. He's not an ally of mine. He does nothing for my game. If anything, he throws a little rift in my game, and it's time for him to go. Memphis and I made a deal that he wouldn't nominate me, as long as I don't try hard in the veto, if I'm selected. But if I get picked to play in the veto, I am definitely going for it. That is the only way to guarantee my safety this week. Well, guess who's on the block? She is. Between using my veto and the house thinking that I decided to save Ian, which I didn't, you know. I'm not even surprised that this is going down. I have to win this veto. I have to get myself off the block. I'm sitting next to an ally and a friend. Something has to happen. Woe can't sit up here together. It's fine. I'm on the block for the fourth time. I am a block professional. I'm certified. Anybody needs any sort of guidance on how to be on the block, I'm here to educate. This is getting annoying. I just wanted to connect with you. Yup. This was the toughest one. I just need some excuse, because at this point, you know, every relationship that I have is really good. I mean, to be blatantly honest with you, Kevin, it's like she used the power on you. I'd rather say, all right, the power of veto was used. So it was an easy excuse. Obviously, you would much rather use the power so you're safe for another week, but from me you get the benefit, and now you get the raft. It's an easy out. I'm still trying to play the game. Look, I don't think this is the end of the road. So even though my plan is to target David this week, I don't want anyone to know just in case David gets picked for veto and he wins the veto and this whole plan backfires on me. I know you get the short end of the stick, obviously, because you're not the one who used it. I'm trying to hint to Kevin he's not my target. I don't want him to think it's personal. I don't want Kevin to go home this week. We'll keep talking through the week, Kevin, all right. I told her don't use the freaking veto. And I literally said, like, I'm trying to do this for your game. You had to know that using the veto was causing a power struggle. This is so frustrating, because I told da'vonne, don't use that veto. It's not good for me. It's not good for you. And now she's up on the block. So I don't know. Nobody listens to me around here. It's so annoying. I want to play. Yeah, I want to keep the noms locked. Lock them. Keep them locked. Lock them. Memphis told literally nobody who he's going to nominate this week but I am super happy to see da'vonne and Kevin on the block. Now we have to make sure the veto doesn't get used and the nominations stay the same. I just feel so bad. Don't. I knew what I was doing. We're not in the loop. No. I just thought it would be me and David. One of of two things are happening. One, they are aligned. Oh. Or, two, he's going to backdoor him. I'm not surprised that I'm on the block. I am surprised that Kevin is on the block. So I figured I'd probably be sitting next to David. The only reason that I can think of that David is not sitting next to me is the possibility that Memphis might be trying to backdoor him. If that's the case, then agreement. This man has bhen constantly trying to sabotage my game. That means if David is the target, da'vonne is not. We just got to figure out how to survive this week. There's got to be a way we both can stay in this house. You know what, though, there's really only one winner in this game. But I feel like finding a friend like you... Don't do that. You're going to make me cry. Oh, you're going to make me cry. You are the worst. I hate you so much. You have made my dreams come true. I remember watching you and thinking, she's going to be an all-star. And I'm playing with you on an all-star season. And then I became friends with you. Ever since I watched your season, I said if we ever met, he would be my best friend. And then I empty you. And you became my best friend. I love you. I knew when I saw da'vonne that she was somebody that I would just really enjoy playing with, and I never knew that I would meet a real friend in this house. Because I really do care about her. We'll figure it out. Okay, I need to stop crying, get myself together, because I'm going to go out there and win this veto so that way we can both stay here together. One of us has to win the veto. Let's ride to the end. ♪ ♪ hey, guys! It's time to pick players for the veto competition! Only six people will participate in the veto competition: The head of household, the two nominees, and three other players selected by random draw. Will the nominees please join me up here? I don't really care who gets picked this week to play in the veto, as long as it's not David. I'm trying to backdoor him, and if he doesn't play, then he doesn't have a chance to win it. As h.O.H., I will pick first. Tyler. [ Applause ] Houseguest choice. [ Applause ] Houseguest choice. I choose Nicole. Oh, yay! [ Applause ] To my knowledge, when it came down to the vote last week, Nicole, myself and Kevin voted to evict Tyler. So maybe there's still a possibility I can defend on Nicole. Houseguest choice. I choose Dani. [ Applause ] I picked Dani because maybe she'll throw it to me. Maybe she'll use it if she wins and take me off the block. There's a lot of maybe possibilities with Dani. Everyone else firm no. Both da'vonne and Kevin got houseguest choice, and neither of them chose me to play in the veto. Like, this is pretty much da'vonne and Kevin saying, "David, we don't trust you, and we no longer want to work with you." That is so frustrating. So I have had my suspicions for a while now that Dani and Nicole have been working some side deals with Kevin and da'vonne, and then when Kevin and da'vonne both pick Dani and Nicole for houseguest choice, my suspicions are all but confirmed. Okay, now I'm on to you guys. "Big brother" will inform us when the competition is to begin. Good luck. All right, guys! Have fun! [ Applause ] Okay, I'm going to talk to Memphis and see if he has a backdoor plan. That's our best bet. If I win by any chance, I'll pulling da'vonne off. There's no other option. Are you going to talk to Memphis? Yeah. I really don't want da'vonne going home this week because Nicole and I are still working with her as an ally. Can I talk to you? You want to talk? Yeah. Get Tyler. See if you can grab him. But before I play this veto, I need to check in with Memphis to see where his head's at. That way, I can decide what's best for myself in this competition. Listen to me, my plan worked exactly as I wanted it. I am backdoing David and all of you are going to throw the comp and I was taking the chance he wouldn't get picked to make sure. That was the whole plan. You don't want us to try to win? No, it doesn't matter. What if we throw it and one of them wins? Let them win. I'm going to backdoor David. It doesn't matter. David didn't get picked so he can't protect himself from getting backdoored this week. In an ideal world, myself, Kevin, or da'vonne can win, and I can put David up in their place. And it doesn't leave this room. It's done. No, Memphis, why, dude? Come on. Backdoing David is not the right move. I do not want to just let that happen. That's stupid. I want to win because I haven't won anything yet. I'm so sick of him. Everything worked out exactly how I planned. You guys aren't going home, neither of you. Yeah. Okay. I just had to take the chance. It was a 50-50 chance he wasn't going to get picked to play. I got you. And I had to take that shot because I didn't want to put him on the block. He was going to fight for it. And he would have won. I already made a deal with everyone. Either I'm going to win, you're going to win. They're going to throw it and let it happen, okay? Even if this was genuinely Memphis' plan, Kevin, we need to win the veto. I don't trust these damn people. Just keep it between us for now until it's done. All right. That couldn't have worked more perfectly. So why didn't they pick s him I don't know. But they sealed his fate. Like, I've heard way too many timeses David's not a threat. David's not a threat. Everyone is a threat. At this point, everyone is a threat, man. This kid has got to go. I get why Memphis wants David out, kind of. But that is not good for my game. He's by himself. I think he's an easy number that I could pull in. So why are we going to backdoor him, Memphis? No, come on. Why would we want to split up the power duo in da'vonne and Kevin. I mean, look, at the end of the day, I have a plan. David's going home this week, period. So we want to get him out? He's sitting on an island. He's got to go. .I know you want to compete. I'll probably give it... give it a little shot. Selfishly, I want to win and I want to send David home. You need to sit back, let it happen and call it a day. Yeah. I'm so annoyed with Memphis. Why? Did you hear about what he wants to do? No. It's perfect, I'm trying to backdoor David. Backdoing David? This is your plan? I am not leaving da'vonne and Kevin in the house together. They did not pick David. They picked Dani and Nicole. But this kid is on an island. Of course Memphis told nobody in the alliance his real plan, and now Tyler is telling me his plan all along was to backdoor David. David a lone wolf in this game, who isn't a huge competitive threat. This is a mi nightmare of a plan I tried to bring it up and he shut it down. He can't play next week. Am I down for this veto or what? I think so. I think you have to. W wake up, losers! Zingbot! Come to the backyard! Oh, no! [ Laughter ] Yeah! I'm eating my bowl of cereal all peacefully, and I hear the voice of zingbot. It's very distinctive. What he does every season is he roasts the houseguests. What is he going to say about me? Come on, come on! Let's go! I hate this guy! There he is! Hello, all-stars! I'm baaaack! What is he wearing? Oh, tiger zing. Tiger zing. I have been waiting three seasons to meet zingbot, and now that I meet him that is not who I was expecting to see. Who are you? He doesn't look like an average Joe. He looks a little... Exotic. There better not be no tyingers in there. Oh, man. I'm so scared. I can't believe I'm here on "big brother all-stars." And, frankly, I really can't believe you're here, either. David. [ Laughter ] Oh! Zing! Oh, that one hurt! Oh! That means me and zingbot are on the same page. And he nailed it on the head. He's a rookie. So good, so good. Oh, my god! Enzo! What's more pathetic than a man in his 40s still calling himself "the meow-meow?" Nothing. [O~laughtero] Everyone just call me by my full government name. It's vincenzo. Don't call me meow-meow no more. I don't like it. I don't like that name anymore. Memphis! Most people think of you as Dan's number one. But to me, you're more of a giant... Number two! [ Laughter ] Zing! Oh! Wow. All right, touche, touche. Memphis is a piece of [ Bleep ]. He is a big number 2. That was good. Cody! You are a perfect 10. Thank you. But enough about your... I.Q. [ Laughter ] Zing! What's a high I.Q. Score? [ Laughter ]. Cody's vocabulary isn't very strong. One time I toild him I was presbyterian, and he thought that was a religion. I am the idiot of the season. Dani! From your first season on "big brother," you looked like an old pro. Now, you just look... Old. Zing! Wow! I don't want to make eye contact with him. Christmas! Uh-oh! What's the difference between you and the holiday season. Oh, god. One is cold, stress-inducing and annoying. And one is... The holiday season. [ Laughter ] Zing! We have to live with Christmas after this, zingbot. Shut up! Christmas literally has, like, a pistol tattooed on her hip, man. You do not want to make her mad. Okay. You guys are all going to pay for that comment. Her name needs to be Halloween. Run. Kevin! Oh! I came up with a nickname that captures you perfectly. No. And has a agreement ring to it. Bor-ing. Zing! All right, I'll take that. Tyler! What do you call someone who says "the real winner gets the girl, not the $500,000"? A liar. Zing! [ Laughter ] Da'vonne! You've done three seasons of "big brother," and two seasons of "the challenge." So I'm dying to know which reality show do you plan to... Lose next? [ Laughter ] I almost won "the challenge," okay? Nicole! For sure! She's hidng. Nicole, you can't hide from this. Let's go. I wrote a song for you. ♪ Here comes the bride she loves to cry every time I hear her voice I to [ Bleep ] die ♪ [ Laughter ] Zing! Zing! What! That was worse than I could ever imagine. Too far. That was so mean. Is this, like, what you want, a monotone super-weird voice? Sure, I can start talking like this. I do not sound whiney. That sounded whiney. [ Laughs ]. I am running an intergalactic tiger sanctuary. I am known around the galaxy as the tiger zing. [ Growling ] But some of my alien tigers have escaped. [ Roaring ] And I need your help. Head back inside because only one rson can enter at a time.>> Bye, bye! Losers! ♪ ♪ welcome to the beautiful zingbot tanical garden zoo, filled with twists, turns, and tigers. The zoo is in trouble and zingbot needs your help returning the intergalactic tigers to their cages. Hit the button to start your clock, then race into the zoo. From there your job is to track down the three escaped alien tigers and return them one at a time to their correct cages. [ Bell rings ] Once you believe you have placed all three tyingers in their correct cages, exit the zoo and hit your button to stop your clock. [ Bell rings ] The houseguest who successfully returns all three tigers to their cages and hits the button in the fastest time will win the golden power of veto. Are you ready to play "tiger zing?" Ba-bam! Don't are scared. I need to track down three escaped alien tigers and return them one at a time to their correct cages. [ Growling ] Okay, I see you, I see you. The houseguest that does this in the fastest time, wins the golden power of veto. Last week I didn't need to win the power of veto, but I did, and the power tasted amazing! This week, I need it. I need it. Okay. Spotted pygmy. So you look like a pig. Where is the the tiger, a pig and a hawk? A pig and a hawk. Oh! I find a cage and it says, "green-eared snow tiger." I know exactly where that tiger is. It is the very first one I found. Let me go get it. [ Growling ] Throw him in there and go on and get the rest of them. Okay. [ Growling ] What the hell! I find the hawk tiger. I remember where your cage was. Let's go get you where you belong. This is the third one. Come on. You're here. Where have you been, baby? This damn unicorn rainbow tiger, I don't know where you are. What the hell am I looking for? Where are you? It's not in here. Come on! [ Bell ringing ] Please be enough. [ Bell rings ]. I need to win this power of veto so I can take da'vonne or Kevin off the block to backdoor David. [ Growling ] My strategy for this comp is I'm just going to go until I hit something, and then move from there. I see the blue horn rainbow tiger corn cage, and the tiger I have doesn't have rainbows, and it doesn't have horns. So I'm off to find his cage. I find the cage, and in it goes. I finally find the tiger with the blue horns and the rainbow. I know where that one goes, so I'll swap these out and drop the rainbow tiring off. I remember where I left the last tiger, so I scoop him up and I'll go find his cage. The hardest thing about this comp is just it's very easy to get turned around. [ Growling ] [ Bell rings ] I want to win the veto competition because, first, I would just love to get my first win of the season. And, second, I'm feeling really guilty about what happened last week with the votes and da'vonne so I would love to take da'vonne off the block. It's around here somewhere. What the heck does that mean? Spotted pygmy tiger hawk? Oh, I'm in trouble. No, that's definitely not this one. It's got to be made-up, right? Where does this go? Green-eared... Okay, that wasn't very nice. Sorry, tiger. ♪ ♪ okay. Come here, momma. [ Growling ] [ Bell rings ] I need to win this veto because I can take da'vonne off, and that would, obviously, build our bond even closer. That would, obviously, build our bond even closer. [ Growling ] I have two tigers in their cages, and I feel like I've done that pretty quickly, so I just need to find my third tiger so I can appease the tiger zing. Zing! Where is it? [ Bell rings ] This is my fourth time being on the block and playing for veto. It is so important for me to win because I need to save myself. I feel like my luck is running out. [ Growling ] I feel like if I run through the maze like a maniac, I'll get disoriented, but if I take it slow, I can make a mental map of the maze and get oriented. My claws are out for this veto. [ Growling ] [ Bell rings ] I know Memphis wants me to throw this comp, but that is not good for my game. I'm not one to sit around and let the game happen around me. So I'm gunning for the veto. [ Growling ] Oh, it's you! My strategy when I get into the maze is just run as fast as I can. Spotted pygmy tiger hawk. What? I don't even know what that is. But I'm just going to leave this guy this here and hope that it's right and move on to the next. ♪ ♪ oh, so that's a spotted pygmy tiger hawk. Got it. Now I just have to grab him, run back to his cage, and swap him out. Find the right cage for the green-eared tiger. This is a timed comp, so one little mistake like that can cost me the whole thing. ♪ ♪ I'm a little tired, a little winded. So I need to pick it up, pump the lungs, pump the legs, and keep it going. ♪ ♪ [ Bell rings ] Whoa! [ Growling ]. You all really sucked. But let's see who sucked the least. Kevin, let's see what you finished with a time of. Five minutes and 33 seconds! [ Applause ] All right, Memphis, you will need to beat Kevin's time of five minutes and 33 seconds. Three minutes, 29 seconds. [ Applause ] Whoa! Congratulations, Memphis. With your time of three minutes and 29 seconds, you are currently in the lead. Dani, you finished with a time of... Three minutes and 41 seconds. [ Applause ] Nicole, you finished with a time of... Four minutes and 22 seconds. [ Applause ] Sorry, Nicole, unfortunately, you did not beat Memphis' time. So, Memphis, you are still in the lead. Da'vonne, you finished with a time of... Six minutes and 53 seconds. [ Applause ] It all comes down to this... Memphis or Tyler. One of you will win the golden power of veto. Tyler's is the last score to be revealed. I put up a great time. I'm really hoping he threw this comp so I can win this veto and execute my backdoor plan. Tyler you have to beat a time of three minutes and 29 seconds. Let's see how you did. Two minutes, 55 seconds! [ Applause ] Whoa! Congratulations, Tyler. You have won the golden power of veto! [ Applause ]. Look at that! I got one! Finally! Took long enough. But I got it. I saved the tigers. But I also put myself in a little bit of a pickle here with Memphis. So I got some 'splainin 'to do. I'm kind of mad he didn't throw it. I told him to throw it. Dude, I mean, come on! Oh! Tyler wins, and not only does he win, he crushes everybody. And after Memphis' speech as to why da'vonne was nominated because the veto was used? Will Tyler use the veto? Uhmmm. I really needed this week, more than anything I needed this veto. And who gets it? Tyler. Oh, my gosh. Worst-case scenario. Who knows what this week holds. Bye, zingbot. Bye! ♪ ♪ he's not going to use it? Trust me. I think Memphis is a complete liar. There's definitely a big group of people in this house working together, and I do believe to some capacity, Tyler and David are working with this group. So I wouldn't be surprised if Tyler doesn't use the veto. Hey. Well, they definitely didn't throw it like they said they would. But the plan is the same. Are you sure? I have to talk to Tyler to make sure, but there's no reason for him to kind David. Not that I'm aware of. So what's the plan? I didn't sprint. I almost died, dude. Obviously, you didn't throw it. But what's the play? I don't know. Memphis expects us all to just fal in line, help him backdoor David, and I'm like, no. If you're expecting me to just go along and follow all your orders, then you don't know me, man. Because backdooring is not best for my game and not even best for your game. I want David gone. But you didn't tell me what you were doing. That's the point. Everyone talks to much. I didn't talk around. Everyone talks too much. I know, bro. I want to backdoor David because he's gunning for me. And now it's a hiccup. I look at that as a problem? I get it, man. If I had an idea and a plan, I would expect my team member to bring up other points of views. It doesn't matter... i mean, at the end of the day, the point was to get rid of David. Right. So if you don't want to do that, obviously, I look at that as why are you keeping David around? David is sitting on an island right now. I know, I get it. But at the same time, Kevin and da'vonne don't have to deal with anyone. They might. Between you and me, I'm still a little wary as to why da'vonne never touched the block and I did. That is a sign right there. And when they both got picked in the veto, that's a sign right there. Yeah, I know, there's definitely that. So, okay. Why didn't they get picked? It makes me question everything. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, I will tell you this... Dani and Nicole, they were definitely going for it. Yeah. And they told me, it's fine. And that's what's concerning is to see Dani's time. I'm like, okay, what were you going to do with that? There might be some sketchy [ Bleep ] going on there. We can question everyone's loyalty at this point. Even though my plan was to backdoor David this week, the information Tyler is giving me is very interesting. If Dani and Nicole are working side deals, knocking out of one of their allies makes sense. I'm up for whatever. I'm just trying to look out for us. No, I get it. .>> Hey, guys. It's time for the veto meeting. This is the veto meeting. Kevin and da'vonne have been nominated for eviction, but I have the power to veto one of the nominations. I want to give both nominees a chance to tell me why you think I should use the veto to save you. Kevin, you go first. Tyler, you were here last week. I'm being hopeful and a long shot of a veto being used on you. So you know how you I feel, so here's to being hopeful. Da'vonne, now it's your turn to speak. This plan has been in motion for a while. It started back when you were used to put bayleigh up here. I knew it was a matter of time before you, "you, or even you, would be in a position to take a shot at me or kif Kevin. I'm not going to ask you to use the veto. I know you're not going to use it. At this point, whatever is going to happen is going to happen. Let it ride. I've decided... Not to use the power of veto. This veto meeting is adjourned. So Tyler didn't use the veto, which means I can't backdoor David this week. But it was way more important this week to cut off Dani and Nicole's side deal. We want them stay focused on "the committee" and not try to work other angles. Even though at the beginning of the week, Memphis wanted to backdoor David, I prevented that. And now either da'vonnor Kevin is going to go home. Memphis, I know you always want to be the Alpha, but I'm nobody's beta. So the veto is not used and I'm still on the block with da'vonne. That means one of us is actually going to go. But I survived the block before, and I'll survive the block again because I'm the "big brother" Phoenix. I will rise from these ashes. Da'vonne really thinks that she knows what's going on in this house. However, she has no idea, which is why she ended up on the block. But I'm having an amazing week, so much so that I don't have to use my blocker power, and I'm letting it expire. This confirms there was never a backdoor plan for David in progress. Unfortunately, here I am, sitting on the block next to one of my best friends yet again going into eviction night. But you know me. I'm going to fight. Announcer: Who will be the next all-star sent to the jury house, Kevin or da'vonne? Plus, a b.B. Legend returns to the game to kick off a new twist. All this live tomorrow night at 8:00, 7:00 central on "big brother"! Captioning funded by CBS captioned by 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 