El marginal: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 El marginal 
 s1e7 - Capítulo 7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 El marginal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Capítulo 7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES 7 YEARS AGO... (SILVIA COUGHING) (POP MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO) (LUCAS CRYING) PASTOR: Can't you hear the boy crying? You go. I just got home. And I've been going all day. (LUCAS CONTINUES CRYING) SILVIA: Want some? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 PASTOR: Where did you get that? Is that all that's left? You took it all? There was a whole bag. Yes, but it's bad stuff. You don't want any. No, I want to sleep. How did the gun fight go? Did you kill anyone? Stop breaking my balls. Good! I'm very proud to be the girlfriend of a cop that kills loads of people. You promote justice! I love it. (BABY FUSSING) Did my mom come? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yes, she took Lucas for a walk. Did you change him? What? Yes, I think so. "I think so?" What do you think? He had a shitty diaper? No, it didn't smell. (CRYING) (PASTOR COUGHING) Silvia? Silvia? Silvia? (LUCAS CRYING) (CRYING STOPS) (CELL PHONE RINGING) Stop, stop, let me speak. What are you doing, you idiot? What the fuck did you do? Are you kidding? Sorry, Miguel. Tell Lucas to forgive me as well. (SOBS) I can't take any more. Stop fucking around, don't be an asshole. Come here, come on. Why? I'm no good as a mother. What about me? I'm a shit father but I'm here. Come on. Lucas is in a real state! Come on. No. I have to go. We're not in a good place. I can't take any more, and by your side I'm a drug addict and an alcoholic. I need to get away and see if I can get better. What the fuck am I supposed to do? What are you thinking about? Nothing, I can't stop thinking about something. Don't you want to share it with me? No, I'd rather keep my monsters to myself. Those monsters will consume you. Better they consume just me, and not the people around me. You must learn to trust, Pastor. That's why we're here. It's not that I don't trust you. I don't want to mess up your life. It's much more fucked up than you imagine. Do you know why I started working here? No. Because my dad went to jail when I was little. I practically never knew him. My mom told me that he'd abandoned us. And then, worse, that he was dead. I found out the truth when I turned 18. That's when I decided to come here. I started to investigate him, did research, searched for him. And when I arrived it was too late. He was dead. From that moment I've lived with guilt, thinking that he loved me and missed me, and felt that I had abandoned him. The complete opposite, right? Did his mother come? I called her, she said she was going to come, but then she didn't. How horrible. Really awful. Yes. It's a shame because she's really a very sick person, isn't she? And she's missing out on her son growing up. (CLICKS TONGUE) Sick or not sick, she's a terrible mother. And you know it. You don't say anything as you don't like badmouthing people, but you know that I'm right. She's a terrible mother. (WHISPERS) Keep your voice down, Miguel's over there. Hey, what's that guy's deal? I don't like the look of him. See? I should have left it in a parking lot. I don't know why I left it there. PASTOR: You're paranoid, man. They won't touch it here. They know I'm a cop. No, it's just the area, you see? PASTOR: The area, what area? You're from here, what do you mean? It's not like it was before. (CHUCKLES) Yes, it is like it was before. What's up, man? What are you up to? What's got into you now? It's nice, isn't it? Boy does it run. If you want, you can borrow it and take it for a ride. Better not, because if you do you'll never want to drive any other. And if I break it or scratch it, how would I replace it? With my public servant's salary? FERNANDO: I'm also a servant. I serve myself. What are you up to, man? You seem very full of yourself. What are you up to, asshole? FERNANDO: Not full of myself, I'm on a winning streak. Oh... PASTOR: A winning streak? FERNANDO: Yes, a streak. PASTOR: With what? And... We've rented a house with a pool and a beautiful garden. Haven't we? Yes. Will you come? Yes, of course. House with a pool, new car, check you out! I'm really intrigued now. FERNANDO: If fortune is on your side, make the most of it. If you fall with your ass in the air, nobody will lift you up. No, and they'll park their bike between your butt cheeks. Enough. Enough what? I've seen some diapers. They're made for the water, for boys. What size is Luqui? Elida. What size diaper is Luqui? Do you know? I'll go and see how Luquitas is, see if he's sleeping. Mom, I just checked, he's fine. Please, tell us what's wrong. I made some notes, because I knew that this would be difficult for me. Don't be nervous, speak calmly. We're all here to listen to you, all three of us. Yes... I've had some tests done and I have Alzheimer's. But, is that confirmed? Yes, it's confirmed. The doctor told me that I'm in the first stage. And in this stage I won't have any big problems. I'll forget a few things, but nothing serious and... I can continue with my life normally, for a while. PASTOR: A while? For how long? What happens afterwards? Afterwards, things get a bit worse and... Then it gets really ugly. So when that time comes, have me admitted and forget about me, okay? Shouldn't we see another doctor? ELIDA: What for? So that they can tell me the same thing? I want to be well for as long as I can, with my grandson. I don't want to waste any time. I'm telling you because it's the only way for you to lend me a hand, but don't ask more. You don't want to know more than I tell you, okay? For your own sake. That's fine. That boy, he's my son. The boy that's gone missing isn't my lawyer's son, he's mine. He's called Lucas and he's my son. Your son? Yes. Are you serious? Of course I'm serious. How could you hide something like that? I'm telling you now, aren't I? I don't understand. Why was your son with your lawyer? It's complicated. I've known my lawyer my whole life. We grew up together in the neighborhood. When I was sent to jail I had nowhere to take the kid because his mom was out of the picture. My lawyer was never able to have kids. So he offered to look after him. That's the story. And your sister? What sister? The woman that came to visit you the other day. She's not my sister. She said that she was, but she's not. Why didn't you talk to the cops when all of this happened? I can't talk to the cops. Why not? We could do it now. No, that's not possible. That's not possible. I need you to help me find my son, but nobody can find out about it in here. I need to know what's going on in order to help you. I can't tell you. Why? I can't tell you, I can't tell you any more. I told you from the beginning. No more questions. You don't want to know more. Lend me a hand with this, but don't ask for more. Can you do that? Yes. SILVIA: He's asleep. I walked around and around with him and then he fell asleep. So that's that. Lucas needs you here. You can't just come every four months. SILVIA: I'm not ready yet. What does being ready mean? You have a child. You can't disappear like that, I don't even know how to reach you. Listen, I brought him some clothes, but they're too big. I thought that he'd be a bit more chunky. Are you listening to me? I'm not talking about the stupid clothes. I need you to be here. I don't know if I'll ever be ready. I'm telling you so that you know. I have to get better. What does Lucas have to do with you getting better? Can you tell me? It's fine. I didn't expect you to understand. I don't want to fight, but I need you here, I want you to understand that. My mom's sick. She's getting worse. She won't be able to look after Lucas all the time. That's fine. You're taking care of him. What happens when I can't? I don't know, we'll see. "We'll see?" You're his mother. You'll see, I don't know. I don't know, I can't. I'm sorry. I live in Marcos' house and he doesn't like kids. I don't know, what do you want me to do? I can't take a kid home. (READING) "The authorities state that "the fact that they found "no sign of a minor at the crime scene "supports theory that he could still be alive." It's no use looking at all this. The media will say anything. I think that we need to keep a cool head, you know? Think which is the best way to find him. Thank you. I know an inmate who has a relative who is a cop in a high rank. If you want, I can talk to him. No. Why? He might be able to help us. Because nobody can know that I'm linked to this. Don't worry. I'll be discreet. I'll say it's for me. SOFIA: Hello. Sofi. I'm about to start the workshop. Am I interrupting? No, not at all. We were just finishing. Okay, Pastor. We'll be in touch. SOFIA: Is anything wrong? No. Did he do something to you? No, it's nothing. I'm just trying to help him with a few things. Really, don't worry. I'm just a little stressed. I think I'll go home, okay? See you soon. Don't let it get you down. (CHUCKLES) I won't. See you tomorrow. Hey, man. Let's talk for a minute. Did you give the merchandise that my brother gave you to the people in the villa? Who are you, Robin Hood? No, your brother gave me nothing. It was part of the payment and I can do whatever I want with my things, right? Yes, but you could have told me. I don't like that fag being close to you, you know? Cesar? Yes, him. It's a strategy, man. What kind of strategy? Didn't your brother replace Morcilla with me to control the courtyard? Yes. It was all peaceful. Until you guys came and fucked it up, it was peaceful. It seems that my brother doesn't like your strategy. I don't like his. (CHUCKLES) You're very strange. Look, man. I'm going to be sincere with you. I don't know how to act around you. I know that sometimes I'm annoying and... How do you say? Like a plaintiff in a court. My psychologist says it's because they all lick my brother's asshole and I need my own group, my people. So I get like that, I'm a bit of a pussy. That's what I think, not what the psychologist says. That's what I conclude with all the advice... Everything's all right. I haven't forgotten that you saved my life. Not many would have taken such a risk. Now that we're friends, can I dry off your dick? Whenever you want. (LAUGHS) Show me those beautiful tits. Show me, like you did the other times when my wife was here, bitch. LUCRE: I can't believe you. You really are a fine specimen, aren't you? I know, you came to jail so that you'd never have to fuck your wife again, right? How vulgar. How dare you speak about the mother of my children like that, asshole. Stop, you made her come here. No, what was it? A complete visit? I don't want to smell like a hippopotamus, okay? Are you almost done, babe? You're busting my balls. I'll die of an embolism. Come on, bitch. Let's see you, worthless inmate. I'm going to give you your punishment so that you can be released into society. MARIO: Fuck me, bitch, that hurts. LUCRE: You didn't like that. No. Let's see. Turn over, worthless inmate. I'm going to search you. So you're the biggest dick in San Onofre? Yes. You're in for it now. Just you see what I'm going to do to you. (GROANS) (LUCRE SHOUTS) Fucking hell, girl. What are you doing? LUCRE: What do you mean? I'm playing around, my love. Don't play in that area. I don't like it. LUCRE: What is it? Don't be boring. MARIO: Boring? Boring, she says... What? Here. Here, swallow the little guys. Yes, swallow the little guys. (MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO IN DISTANCE) Fucking music. PASTOR: I hadn't noticed. They should ban cumbia in here. I can still hear you. Don't you want me to give you a tattoo? I try to get on with everybody. Not to fall out with anybody, or cause any trouble. And I always end up getting mixed up in shit. No, not even you will have me. The way you speak to me, the way you look at me. Everything's fine with you. Relax. It's those assholes who make me paranoid. They bust my balls because they see me talking with the others. (SCOFFS) As if I were conspiring. You have to take sides here, you can't be at one with both heaven and hell. Yes, I know. I need to get out of here. I need to go to another wing because they'll come and find me to fuck me up. Know what? I'll become an Evangelical and they can all go to hell. That's right, man. Just you try. (CHUCKLING) No, no way. You have to stay clean all day long. You can't smoke, can't drink. No, too many rules for me. I shouldn't be in here, in this fucking courtyard. I never killed anybody. Sorry, man, I don't mean that makes me a better person. It's okay. Think whatever you like. Did you go to the real estate agency? Did they value the house? No, I didn't have time. You haven't had time for two weeks, man. What's up? I've had a lot on my plate, I couldn't. What things, man? I'm busy, I can't. What's wrong? Are you mixed up in something? What is this? An interrogation? "What are you up to?" Speak to me nicely, idiot. I'm asking nicely. Why haven't you been? It makes me sad to sell the house and put her in a clinic. It makes me sad too, but it's the only option, she can't be by herself. There's a problem selling the house. What problem? I'll solve it, but... The house is a guarantee for a loan that I requested. You lost the house, Fernando? No, I didn't lose it. It's just until I cover the debt. It's just that... Fucking hell, you asshole, how much do you owe? Five hundred thousand. The interest killed me, those sons of bitches... Shut your mouth. What happened, Mom? Mom, what happened? What happened? (BREATHING HEAVILY) They came and said they were friends of yours, so I let them in. Who came? One was very tall, the other was... What, Mom? He was bald. And... What happened? They told me you owe them money, that... They'll take the house away from me, they'll take the house away from me. They'll take the house away from me. No. PASTOR: Shh, shh. Mom, don't worry. (PASTOR KISSING) Don't worry. When Betina comes back, we'll leave Mom with her and we'll go and find those bastards, hear me? Listen, I'll fix it, I'll... You'll fix nothing, you fucking asshole. We'll do as I say. When Betina comes back we'll go and find those bastards. Is that clear? They're tough guys, Miguel. My ass they're tough. Think about how we're going to do it. Find out the name. Be careful! Be careful! What with? It's okay, Mom. It's okay, just relax. (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) Who's the Basque? Who's the Basque? I'm the Basque. MAN 1: You're the Basque? I'm the Basque. MAN 2: The Basque? That's me. I'm the Basque. I'm the Basque. (GUNSHOT) (WOMAN SCREAMS) Stop. What are you doing, Basque? For fuck's sake. Have you come to pay what you owe? We'll pay you, but in installments, son of a bitch. (GUNSHOT) This is the first. Mother fucker... I think you just killed a cop. (RAP MUSIC PLAYING) (LAUGHING) How was the whore? She wanted to do you in the ass. She wanted to fuck your ass, son of a bitch. Idiot. I prefer chicks like that rather than those that lie on the bed and make you work like a slave, man. Daddy doesn't like that. Come on, tell me. Who's the girl? You always have some mystery and never tell us. Come on. She's the chick from the chat, man, the one I met in the whore house a long time ago. (WHISTLING) Again! Stop what you're doing. Requisition, against the wall. What the fuck is up with those guys? For fuck's sake. (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) OFFICER: Everybody against the wall. MARIO: What's wrong, Capece? What the fuck is it, Capece? Don't bust my balls. What do you want? Merchandise? Ask Diosito. Where's Diosito? Don't talk to me like that, today I have permission to do whatever I want to you, understand? Against the wall, come on. Son of a bitch, have you lost your mind? Don't worry, that guy's just making a scene in order to maintain a good image, idiot. Have you got an arsenal there? Were you thinking of attacking the Middle East? You're really losing it, Capece. I haven't even started losing it, so go along with it or I'll make a symphonic orchestra full of dicks play out of your ass. Does Antin know about this? Or are you digging your own grave? You're welcome to pass by his office whenever you want, asshole. But before you do, spread your cheeks. We can't buy new uniforms because we're already over budget. We'll have to make do with what we've got. What we are going to fight for are extra hours, I can promise that. MARIO: Hey, bastard, asshole, pussy... Come, don't be an idiot, come here. That's no way to address the manager of the establishment. I'm a worker and you owe me respect. If you have a problem with me, why don't we sort it out face to face? Why the requisition? Are you watching me? What do you want? Yes, you sent me that bunch of assholes. Are you fired up because we carried out a requisition? Requisition is a legal and constitutional procedure which is carried out periodically and as a routine in all of the jails in the country. I didn't read the form, did something of yours go missing? Everything that they took had better reappear, but one thing they couldn't take from me is this. Yes, that's because I ordered them to leave anything that's not worth shit. I told them not to seize it. That little dick of yours is useless, even for pissing. You're speaking from experience, right? Do you want to talk to me? Ask for an appointment, like everyone else. I may just grant you one. Me? Like everyone else? Yes, asshole. You want me to tell them. Tell them. Yes, I will. I can tell anybody I want. It's no problem for me. Guys, come here. I have something to tell you. Listen to the idiot. You can tell this to anybody, to your relatives, to the judges, to the lawyers, there's no problem. Because here many people think that living in this shithole is all fun and games, but it's not. In here you have to put the money inside an envelope and give it to the head of the circus. I have the numbers right here, I can give them to you. Whoever asks for them, I'll give them to, no problem. If you want to fix things, come and see me, fucking asshole. Don't say things you might regret, you idiot. I'm going, I'll let you get on. The doctor has stood me up, it seems. No problem. You're very pretty. What are you doing in here? You should be on television. (CHUCKLES) I prefer theater. Really? I'd go and see you. I'd be in the first row, waiting to give you a bunch of flowers. But I can't because I'm locked up in here. Of course. DIOS: We could go out for dinner one day, if you want. I mean it. A nice dinner, really romantic, with candles and everything. I'll get everything, I don't give a shit about the requisition. I'm owed a few favors. I'm not sure about a romantic dinner. I don't think so. Maybe a friendly dinner. I already have friends. What I'm looking for is a girlfriend. Of course you are. I understand. It's a pity that I can't. (SCOFFS) You shouldn't pity me. You should care about me. Doctor, what happened? Did you forget about me? No, I didn't forget. I never forget my patients, there must have been an error in communication. What error in communication? (EXHALES) I'm not going to see you anymore. You've been assigned to a colleague and you're on their waiting list. What waiting list, you idiot? You're my psychologist. I'm sorry. You're not fucking sorry. You're not fucking sorry about anything. What the fuck's wrong with you? I'm not leaving until you tell me. Sofia, could you leave us for a few seconds, please? At this stage in my life, I shouldn't have to put up with the humiliation of being treated like any old inmate. You carried out a requisition. You betrayed me, Antin. What the fuck was I supposed to do after the scene you made in the courtyard? You almost set the whole prison on fire, idiot. What was I supposed to do? Cross my arms and watch you? I have to enforce the rules. It's been more than 10 years since I've had to bend over and have my asshole inspected. I'm not an idiot, Antin. There are inexplicable deaths, quote-unquote escapees, injuries... Where do all these problems come from? From your little gang, from your people that you can't control, idiot. It's not a little gang. And your pockets are full thanks to us. And they have my back, Antin, they would die for me. Look, instead of losing your mind like you are because they stole a television and a stupid PlayStation, you should show solidarity with me, as I'm busting my ass to fix your little scams. Where the fuck is Sosa? Where the fuck is Sosa? That's already been resolved. How many times do I have to tell you that Sosa's wife is family? My wife fixed all of that, understand? Do you want me to fix anything else? Want me to sit there, in that chair, and watch other people's lives on the camera? What a bore. Antin, don't put me on the opposing team because one day, you and I will end up falling out. Whenever you want. You misunderstood me. You and I will come to blows. Whenever you want. But with no guards and nobody to defend you. The one who can't bear to be without his bodyguards, is you, asshole. Give me a day and a time, you pussy. I'm a pussy? You're a pussy. What are you doing? (KEYS CLATTER) Giving you a day: today. And a time. Listen, you accused me of being the informer who brought to light the business of that girl who was kidnapped, and taken to the fifth wing. Not only that, but you also say that I cause trouble between you and Pena. I can't have a patient who thinks that I am an informer. It's okay, don't go on, don't feel to blame. It was just a manner of speaking, we're friends. No. We're not friends. What do you mean? No, that's where the mistake is. I shouldn't have allowed for the doctor-patient relationship to pass certain limits. Fine. Listen, I promise that from now on there'll be distance between us. Dios, the decision has already been made. Seriously, I'll forget it. Decision made. Stop saying that, you fucking asshole! Who am I supposed to talk to now? Listen to me, the therapist who you'll be with is an excellent professional. You'll get used to him. The therapist can go to hell. And so can you. I told you a lot of things, I opened my heart. Things that nobody knows. And if my brother finds out, he'll come after you, understand? (BOTH GRUNTING) ANTIN: Fuck you, you fat son of a bitch. LUCRE: Stop! They're going to kill each other, please! Son of a bitch! Fat son of a bitch. Fuck you. Son of a bitch! Are your boys here to save you? Get that piece of shit out of here. (GROANS) How are you, Doctor? It was a bit of sport. To warm up the muscles, you see. Come on, tell us what happened. How did the fight start? What can I say, you idiot? We laid into each other. Just like it should be. If two guys have a problem, they should resolve it like men. With no idle talk, no messing around. I'd like to see the state of Antin. This one's fucked up, so imagine the other guy. Did you pass by the infirmary? Will you stop busting my balls? He hit me once! Just once. What's up, Mario? How are you? Hello, dear Pastor. How are you? Good. Could we talk for a minute? Want to sit down? Make room for him. No, it's okay. Look, here's the number for the transfer that we agreed on. When do you need it by? As soon as possible, it's an emergency. Why is there such a rush now? I have to pay back a debt that I have outside, you see? And it made you think of me. When I asked you to work with me, you disappeared on me. When I called you, you got all sensitive. I wasn't in the mood. I see, not in the mood, but you're in the mood to make donations to those fucking niggers from the villa. You're donating the merchandise that I gave you. Are you also going to donate the money that I transfer? Are you going to donate it to those fucking niggers? But you told me that the merchandise was part of the payment, that I could do whatever I wanted. You didn't tell me there were conditions. Don't start with all that. Are we done? Look, I'm not asking a favor, but you do owe me a favor for taking care of Morcilla's death. Right? You told me the money was available, and I'm asking for it. Are you a labor unionist now, or what? I'll keep my word and I'll transfer all of the money into this account. But don't push your luck, because right now I'm the one who's not in the mood. I can expect the money then? You can. (DOOR CLOSES) Fucking idiot, does he think he's the big dick around here now? If he goes on like this, I'll have to send him to join the other idiot who's watching us from up there. I've seen many things in jail, but what I've just seen today, really outdoes everything. That's the way I am. My method may seem a little extreme, but that's why the inmates respect me: because I treat them as equals. They want to lay into the director of the prison? They can do it, one by one. The director will put up with it. Tell me, how can I help you? The attorney authorized a meeting. Didn't they tell you? Nobody told me anything, as far as I know. It's specifically about the irregularities that we've been talking about. It's certain that your explanations don't convince anybody. I hope that this doesn't go against your expectations. That's not my intention. Shall we call a doctor? No, don't worry. It'll pass. Thank you. You can't be like this. You should be seen. I will be seen. Don't worry, really. But what if... But I'm fine. Excuse me, do you know the doctor? Doctor. EMMA: Yes, of course. Doctor Belardo, how are you? Good. How are you? Good afternoon. Good afternoon. We're doing an inspection in San Onofre and I need to talk to you. No problem. Shall we go to another office? It'll be quieter there. Great. We'll continue afterwards. Come with me, please. (LUCRE SIGHS) Why can't they inspect me? (LAUGHS) But sweetie, why get involved with one from outside? We have fresh meat in here and it's available all day long. Forget it. Emma advises not to mix too much with them. The inmates are ideal lovers. They're always willing, sweetie. And then you go home relaxed, at ease, and in here nobody finds out. And if they do, they're not jealous. (LAUGHS) Are you being serious? Yes, of course. Have you been with many inmates? You never forget your first. Galarza, such a passionate lover... He had such beautiful hands. This is the year of the asshole. They stole this shit from the hairdressers. I really miss my things, man. You're nobody without your things. And they still say material shit doesn't matter. Hey. I'm having a shit day, but, what's up with you? If I tell you something, you won't be angry? My psychologist says he can't see me anymore. (CHUCKLES) That's good. Sorry. Therapy seems like a waste of time to me. But, each to their own, you know? Yes, the thing is that I'm afraid because I told him a load of things. And now he's angry and he doesn't like me. Why are you being a pussy? You're my brother, what's wrong? Fuck that asshole. That's why I'm here. You tell me and I'll give you advice. What's the problem? Yes, but I told him everything. What did you tell him? Everything. About the exit? About the fight? About the girl? About the fifth wing? Did you tell him about Morcilla? For fuck's sake, are you an idiot? What the hell got into you? Don't bust my balls. You're just a sensitive person. And sensitive people sometimes fuck up. That's why I love you. It's okay, we'll fix it. If any information comes from that asshole, at some point he'll set foot in the courtyard, and we'll fuck him over. (CHUCKLES) Did you speak to Sosa's wife? Yes, she backed out. What do you mean she backed out? Yes, I don't know. Something happened. Because she thinks the same as the people in the jail: that he escaped. She told me that she spoke to him on the phone a few times. Those sons of bitches bought her. Without her statement we can't advance any further. Yes. (SIGHS HEAVILY) You look... I don't know... Bad. Your face is... You look sick. No, I'm not sick. I mean, a little intoxicated, I don't know. That's enough. Give me a kiss. I'm pregnant. Whose is it? What? Is it mine? What do you think? Just walk and stay outside, don't let anybody in. Pena, the truth is, in five years I've never been into the visitors' room. I've never seen it from this angle. It's really shit. (LAUGHS) Now I understand how bad the visits must be having seen this, right? That's why I don't want anybody to visit me here. You're always so sarcastic. Did you find out what you needed? Yes. Here. If Borges knew that I lent you the tablet that I seized... (LAUGHS) He must be jerking himself off inspecting the humidity on the ceiling. Idiot. Did he give you the money? He told me he'd transfer it to me. He will. When do you want to leave? Any day. It has to be very early in the morning. Very early. Yes. Look, I'm going to be honest... I have a problem because there's someone bugging me, a bureaucrat from the Prosecutor's Office, who's sniffing around, looking for a needle in a haystack. It turns my stomach. It would be good for me if you go sooner rather than later. Understand? Could you leave tomorrow? Yes. Yes? Yes. Let's go over the conditions. Firstly, you leave the prison and go directly, quickly and directly, to deal with whoever you need to. Once it's done, you come back to the prison. Directly, no stops of any type, and no detours. Are we in agreement? We are. Good. Secondly, two of my men will go with you. They can be trusted, they're good people, they won't help you, they won't pull any triggers. I don't need that. No, I know that you don't, but I do. I've given you my word: I will come back. I trust you on your word. I have no reason to distrust your word, but I've been fucked over many times and I prefer to be sure that you'll come back to the jail. Understand? So, you're leaving tomorrow, but we're going to fix an agreement and the conditions. Are we done? We're done. Yes, or no? Yes. So, tomorrow morning. One thing. Aren't you going to tell me? Tell you what? You're leaving the jail. Who are you going to kill? (THEME SONG PLAYING) EL MARGINAL IS A FICTIONAL SHOW. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO EXISTING EVENTS, CHARACTERS, NAMES AND/OR CIRCUMSTANCES IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 