El marginal: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 El marginal 
 s1e1 - Capítulo 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 El marginal (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Capítulo 1 - full transcript 
 The former police officer, Miguel Palacios, infiltrates as a convict in a prison in Buenos Aires to discover the kidnappers of the daughter of a judge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A Netflix Original Series (WHIRRING) (TV PLAYING INDISTINCTLY) Yes, Judge. That's where it happened. This is for you. MAN: Palacios, in all likelihood, from now on, you will experience a couple of violent situations. You will start realizing where you are. Don't worry. They're not going to kill you. Don't try to escape. Don't be an idiot. You're going to hurt yourself. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If you want to continue living, you will enter San Onofre Prison, you will locate Borges and find out where the fuck my daughter is. Give me back the telephone. (SIREN WAILING) (DOG BARKING) (CAT MEOWS) (DOG BARKING) (POLICE SIREN WAILING) (GUNSHOTS) (BABY CRYING) (SIREN WAILING) (GUNSHOTS) OFFICER 1: Don't move! Police! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get on the ground, asshole! OFFICER 2: Get down from there! Don't move! (GUNSHOTS) (BABY CRYING) (DOOR BANGS OPEN) He's over there! Hey, man, what's up? (WOMAN SCREAMING) OFFICER 1: Stay there! Stop or I'll shoot! Stay there! WOMAN: Show some respect! (PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY) Some respect! Stop or I'll shoot! (TIRES SCREECHING) Don't move. (OFFICERS SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY) All right. Take him down. Stay still. I'll kill you! Keep still. TRANSFER UNIT SAN ONOFRE UNIT CITY OF BUENOS AIRES INMATE 1: Cat! INMATE 2: You're going to wash my clothes. INMATE 3: Here comes the new girl. (INMATES TALKING INDISTINCTLY) (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO) (RADIO PLAYING INDISTINCTLY) MAN: Let's go, fag. Let's go, fag. Get up. (TATTOO MACHINE WHIRRING) Mom, I hate you You can do that here? And I don't know, this place is kind of strange. Because it doesn't belong to anyone, but they can yell at you. Fiorella's things are up there. I would recommend that you keep looking. Hey, Fiorella! Come here. Make a bit of space for our friend here. Excuse me? What do you take me for? (CAT MEOWS) You just got here and you are already breaking my balls. You are bad at picking places. You don't know what kind of farts come out of Fiorella. Poor guy, it's not his fault. They fall to the ground. With the shit that they feed us, what do you expect? Picachu, they call me. Call me Picachu. Pastor. PICACHU: So I call you Pastor? Yes. Okay. (WHISTLES) Here are the smokes. You have until tomorrow to pay what you owe. If not, I'll soak you in gasoline and set you on fire. Take it, you fat crook. Shove it up your ass. You didn't see anything. (CHUCKLING) (TATTOO MACHINE WHIRRING) Who is that? That's Pastor. Pastor. This is not the evangelist wing, you queer. If you want to be a shepherd, you go to the other side. Rent here is going to be expensive. I told him the same thing. You close your ass. Keep picking at that wild black guy. Take it. It was empty here. Your ass is empty. The way you keep ball busting, it's going to get stuffed. Is that clear? Come here. The only one who is allowed to hand out living space is me, understood? I'm not leaving. Oh, no? What are you going to give me? I won't stomp you into pieces because I have a herniated disk. You're done, queer. Can I give you some advice? Don't sleep. CESAR: You fell asleep, kitty. He relocated you. I'm Pedro Pedraza. The last full-blooded child. He's Cesar. Morcilla doesn't have any authority there anymore. Anyone can stick their finger up his ass. That's why this bullshit gang has been growing like a weed. Who's that skinny guy? The new guy. The one hanging out beside the tattoo guy. Pastor Osvaldo Pena, 37 years old. Narcotics? Double homicide. Showdown at Villa Diamante. It's his first time in jail. So he discovered the big party and it turned out badly. Who's responsible? (SIGHS) Judge Cayetano Lunati. (LAUGHS) Put the box of plates and glasses there. Let's see. Wait. What do we have here? (CHUCKLES) Clonazepam. All right. (LAUGHING) (SNORTING) Morcilla. Don't call me that. You're not Morcilla? No. I need to talk to your brother. Everyone needs to talk to my brother. Me, too. My brother needs to talk to him. My brother's brother needs to talk to him. But not me, another brother. Talk to me. What's going on? A fool recently showed up and he's being a prick in the courtyard. If he's a fool, smack him around. Why do you need Marito? I'm not going to come to blows. He needs to be corrected. Or sent to Fiorella. MAN: Diosito, did you save me some? My balls. Marito. Hmm? Morcilla wants to talk to you. What's up, James? Talk to me. I have a problem with a new arrival. He lacks respect. I don't want a commotion. I have a code, I don't want any mess. So you have a code. But I heard you're taking advantage of someone else's visitor. Taking advantage? Fucking her, you son of a bitch. Why do you say that? Don't interrupt me. I'm done talking to you. There are rumors up here that a couple of fools that owed you money were forced to pay you with the asshole of some family member. That's a lie, Mario. No, let's see... It's true. Once or twice. It's possible that I've had a couple of encounters with Jose's sister. But I'm respectful, Mario. It was all consensual. With or without consent, you don't fuck anyone's guest. Do you hear me? Forget about it. I'm letting this go because we have to be united. If it wasn't for us, the Sub-21 assholes would be running the villa. Do you know what that would be like? You have to take them down. Leave them hanging by their balls so that everyone sees. That's how they do it in Colombia, Borges. Here in Argentina, they don't know what violence is. Over there, the firefight is full-time. You can suck my cock full-time, you and your Colombians. I don't want a country where the assholes are shitting out bullets. All this shit about being gangsters comes from the gringos that you and the Mexicans like to imitate. This asshole is new? Because if you touch a hair on his head, the guys are going to get riled up. MORCILLA: No, he's a moron. Go soften him up if you don't want him to steal your girlfriend. Forget about killing him. For now, I don't want any more deaths. Nothing that attracts outside attention. Understood? Bye. Here everything works like on the outside, with categories. Here you have the villa, the worst of the worst. Past the courtyard, there are some wings where things are a bit better, you enjoy more benefits. And behind everything, you have the boss section. There you get plasma TVs, Internet, whores. PASTOR: Who are the bosses? The Borges brothers. Mario is on top, the boss of everyone. And Diosito is next in line. Morcilla works for them? Yes, he's the valet. He takes care of negotiations. Lately, he is getting a bit heavy-handed. Now he has a gang of guys who back him up. Before, when a new guy arrived, he had to offer his ass to anyone. MORCILLA: Do my head. (EXHALES) Is this okay? Yes. Yes? (MORCILLA EXHALES DEEPLY) Now you're a bitch. (PASTOR SCREAMS) (SCREAMING) (PANTING) Hey, queer, they fucked you up. Are you okay, my friend? Do you want me to call the guards? Guards! (HAWKING) Hello. Hello. I asked you to come to tell you that I interviewed Laura, your sister and your mother to discuss the idea of reconnecting. Look, I... This is not a joke. I don't want to see them because they ruined my life. Okay. So what are we going to do? I hope that when you move on from this, you can have a healthy transition, and it has to be at home with your family receiving you. I have two brothers who are dark-skinned, and I am blonde. This is not the first time you have been in prison. You know exactly what it's like. Yes. Well, I'm trying to think of that moment. If I'm stuck here forever, I'm stuck here forever. Staying here is not the idea. How many years have I been here? Mmm-hmm. But you have to get out sometime. If I get out, I will kill them. You can't say that. Yes, I can say that. In fact, I want to get out so I can kill them! How's it going, Pena? None of his injuries are serious. I gave him a sedative. If my people hadn't arrived, you'd be leaking milk out of your ass. Your people disappeared so they could fuck me up. Don't get into any more trouble. Or you will end up like lava tupper. Do you know what lava tupper is? (BLOWS) (KEYS JANGLING) (DOOR CREAKS) I'm the social worker for the jail. Our job is to help the inmates adapt in the least traumatic way so they can serve their sentences. You should participate in the activities. Soon you can leave the courtyard, the "villa," as they call it. And move into a wing where you will be with better companions. Especially in a case like yours involving double homicide, we'll see which wing will accept you. This is a preliminary interview. In a couple of days, we will be talking more in depth. I'm Emma. I'm Pastor. I'm going to ask you a couple of questions to complete your profile. Pastor Pena. Have you been imprisoned before? No. Do you know anyone in here? Friends or relatives? No. Has your physical well-being been threatened here? No. Yes or no? No. (PHONE RINGING) Excuse me. Hello. Yes, he's here with me. Palacios? Okay. I'll tell him. I was just told that your lawyer, Dr. Palacios, is here. Hello, my love, darling. How are you? Everything okay, sweetheart? Good. You? PEDRO: I can't wait to get out. I want out now. WOMAN: You'll be out soon. PEDRO: I called a lawyer. I don't know. PALACIOS: How are you, Pena? How's it going? What's wrong? Listen, I don't want you involved in this. I want you to move and Lunati to forget your face. I don't think that's possible. This is no joke. If they realize who I am in here, they will all fuck me, then send two assassins. No one knows I'm here. I don't exist, understood? Anyway, I don't want you involved in this mess. ONE WEEK EARLIER... (KEYS JANGLING) RIO AZUL CRIMINAL UNIT, PATAGONIA, ARGENTINA GUARD: You have 15 minutes. Miguel? You're thin. Why are you here? Judge Lunati asked me to talk to you. He put me on a plane here. Don't ask me what he wants, because I have no idea. I suppose it must be important. I think he wants to arrange your release. This jail is very far. Don't send me back. Come on, let's hear what he has to say. Really, I don't think you have a lot of options. CITY OF BUENOS AIRES (BIRDS CHIRPING) LUNATI: Thanks for coming. Miguel wants to know what you are proposing. You have good representation, Miguel. I always say that every family needs a good lawyer. Or a cop. Someone to lend a hand. A judge is best. Judges depend on cops. Without them, we have no one to judge. Cops depend on criminals, because without them, they don't work. It's all the same industry. I could never be a cop. You are too exposed. Most of all, you are corrupt. You have vices. That's not your case. Let's get to the point, because I suppose you need to get back. This is my daughter, Luna. Last Tuesday, she left school and my bodyguards brought her to the psychologist. She has a... A small phobia she is working on. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Come here! Come. (SCREAMS) (CAR ALARM BLARING) (TIRES SCREECHING) You have no idea, Miguel, the suffering I find myself in. I have never been on this side. Understood? I am working in absolute secrecy and off the books. Waiting for a call. I think that there is a link between the kidnappers and the San Onofre Prison. Gustavo Sosa. The jail says that no escape was recorded and this asshole didn't have any permission for temporary leave. Ergo, I have deduced that they let him out to kidnap my daughter. I need you to get into the San Onofre Prison, investigate, search, discover information about my daughter and bring it to me. You won't go in as an ex-police officer, you will be undercover. Not even the prison authorities will know about this. Because they are definitely in cahoots with the kidnappers. If you agree to do this favor for me, I am offering you your freedom. Get him out of here. PALACIOS: Look. I'm your only link with the outside world, so trust me. Take it. I brought you some things. I have hidden a bit of money inside that might save you. So what can I tell him? You don't have any idea about the girl? Tell him they threw me in the courtyard with the other pariahs, like a refugee. I can't investigate much from there. Maybe we can pull some strings and get you transferred. No, if they notice that I have connections, they will wonder who the hell I am. So? I know what I have to do. But the less you know, the better. (DOOR CLOSES) (CAT MEOWS) PEDRO: Let's go, Pastor. You can do it. Trust in yourself. (ALL CHEERING) (LAUGHS) (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) INMATES: Oh! Do you want to sit on your girlfriend's mouth? (MEN JEERING) A black kiss? Fat clown. (ALL LAUGHING) Let's go, Morcillita. INMATE: Give him a kiss. PEDRO: Look how he lifts him up. INMATES: Aw... Do you know him from somewhere? He's not a criminal. He just came in. Seriously? Good thing I have you. Now, Morcilla, what a bag of rocks! He keeps eating more and more jizz, that pervert. Fat fag. What are you doing, rat? Why don't you wash mine? Let's go, you are penetrating. Are you penetrating? You are penetrated? Careful with that lunatic, he won't stand for that. Oh, yeah? Ooh. Don't fight me, I'm afraid. Please don't hit me. If you ask me like that... Look, if you sent Fiorella to the hospital, Morcilla is going to be looking for another hole to stick it in. I didn't kill the fat one because I didn't want to open a can of worms. That's perfect. We don't want violence here. We didn't come to this world to kill people. Or did we? I'm going to tell you a joke to break the ice. Listen, rat! So there was a mole and a rabbit in the forest who were bored to tears. The mole says to the rabbit, "Buddy, let's race "to the other side of the forest. "Whoever wins gets to fuck the other." "All right, let's go," says the rabbit. The rabbit above ground, the mole below. When the rabbit arrives, the mole is already there. "All right, rabbit, get ready to be fucked." "It's true, I lost. "Go ahead. But let's run a rematch." "All right," says the mole. "I'll give you a rematch." They go, and the mole nails it again. "This can't be, not again." So a monkey tells him, "Rabbit, are you stupid? "Haven't you noticed that there are two moles? "One ahead and one at the end, waiting to screw you." So the rabbit tells him, "What business is this of yours?" (LAUGHING) That rabbit was a real fag. (CLEARS THROAT) Morcilla, check that everything is okay with your friend. What are you looking at? You like me, you queer? PASTOR: What's over there? PICACHU: The old abandoned part of the jail. INMATE 1: I'm going to steal it. Take it, fool. (INMATE 1 CHUCKLING) (INMATE 2 WHISTLING) INMATE 2: It smells like crap, take it. Nice thong. (LAUGHING) What a nice shirt. This fag has an expensive tie. This is just yerba. The mole probably licked Fiorella's asshole with this. Morcilla's ass and balls, you lunatic. (ALL TAKING INDISTINCTLY) (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) INMATE 1: Stop. (INDISTINCT SHOUTING CONTINUES) What did you do, you moron? Motherfucker. Are these guys always like this? INMATE: Calm down! PICACHU: They're calm now. You don't know what it used to be like. No, Cesar? That's nothing. You used to get stabbed just walking down the hallway. You had to protect your asshole. I have a bunch of scars. But I never stabbed anyone. Never. Yes, I can imagine. A slug, I'm telling you. We're cowboys, but we have a code. I learned from the elders. But Pedrito is from a family of assassins. Even though he seems small, he has killed a bunch of people. All behind their backs. Why are you laughing? I'm at a disadvantage. Take it, keep it as a souvenir. Hey, Morcilla. Get a move on, Pedro. Come on, let's go. Get out of here, Morcilla. I gave you everything, Pedro. You're an ingrate. Traitor. On one... Two... Three. Go! Go, go, go! Mario is here to see you. ANTIN: Come in. I'm here. Can I sit down? You can sit down. Thank you. (SIGHS) What do we know about Sosa? Nothing yet. You mean you haven't figured it out. If he escaped, tell me, because we are in trouble. My guys aren't going to escape. They have it better in here than outside. Now what? If you'd put some effort into it, we would already know. What did you order him to do? A piece of cake. A "country." (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) A "country"? Borges. Don't mess around, because I'm the one calling the shots. Word has gotten out. People here are asking about Sosa. Staff people? Who? If Fiorella dies, you're mincemeat. He wanted to kill me. That fat one sent him. That guy can't fight anyone. That's not true. He's a knifer. Look, I don't care about that fag Fiorella. I don't care about you. I just care that no one dies. At least for now. ANTIN: 12 grand for a transmission? You said it was perfect. We looked at the clutch. We didn't see the transmission. It's new. It has 19,000 miles on it. 12 grand? I could get one for 2 grand, but you want everything to be legal. What do you mean, I want everything legal? I am the law. Are you fucking with me? Do you want me to go left? I brought you the little punk. Bow your head, you're in front of Director Antin. ANTIN: I find you underwhelming. Some days bring nothing but problems. What's your deal, Pena? Why are you handing out beatings from dawn until dusk? He likes to be the hero. I have an inmate in the hospital because of you, Pena. I was just defending myself. You're lying. The people here live without screwing or fighting. So something must have happened. It was repaired. What do you think of 12 grand for a transmission? I wouldn't pay it. I know. I read the memos. This will trigger a massacre. Aside from having a couple of fleas, what exactly do you do? PASTOR: I'm a handyman. ANTIN: He's a handyman. Liar. For now, I'm going to pretend to believe what you just said. I won't punish you. This time. Understood? Capece. I need something. What do you want? Your balls back? (LAUGHS) What are you laughing at? You're a cop, and I'm a thief. We're the same. We both breathe in the same shit here. Don't get confused. When I leave, I'll find some sluts or visit my grandkids. No. You're more of an inmate than I am. One day, I'm going to leave, and you will still be here. What the hell do you want? We have to talk to the Mafia again. I'm not here to worry about some stupid fight. Work it out between yourselves, but don't start a ruckus. How much do you want? A couple of laps in your car? No. Not with Fiorella. I can get you another ass, if you want. No. I like Fiorella. (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) Listen to me. This is yours. It's not mine. Don't play dumb. This is yours. Is this yours? No. Yours? You know it's not mine. CAPECE: Are you sure? It seemed to be under your mattress. Is it yours, Morcilla? (LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY) (SINGING) (MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE) (BREATHING DEEPLY) (DOOR OPENS) Good evening. The feast is here. The smorgasbord. The chow. I'm not hungry. Come on, eat! It's delicious. Can you turn off the radio? I have a headache. Just a moment while we eat. (MUSIC STOPS) Eat. Where are you from? From Wonderland. Who are you, "El Chapo" Guzman? Chapulin Colorado. (CHUCKLES) Eat. What is this place? A five-star resort, can't you tell? There are other people locked in here, I heard their voices. Where? I heard someone singing. Eat. (SCREAMING) (SCREAMING CONTINUES) (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING) EL MARGINAL IS A FICTIONAL SHOW. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO EXISTING EVENTS, CHARACTERS, NAMES AND/OR CIRCUMSTANCES IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 