Combat Hospital: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Combat Hospital 
 s1e8 - On the Brink - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Combat Hospital (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - On the Brink - full transcript 
 A collision between a passenger bus and military convoy results in several injuries being brought to the Role 3 Hospital. Captain Bobby Trang treats a badly burned woman. His assessment of her chances for survival runs counter to Cmdr. Will Royal's expert eye. Will believes the woman won't make it and petitions to Colonel Marks to let her die rather than spend nursing resources on trying to keep her alive. But Colonel Marks and Major Rebecca Gordon both back Bobby's decision. This causes a rift between the doctors and nurses as Bobby and Rebecca keep vigil over their patient. Will's also distracted by one of the patients, a young boy (AREF) who attaches himself to Will, following him around like a puppy. And Major Grace Pedersen is presented with a challenging patient; a young man who takes masturbation to a whole new level. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Combat Hospital S01E08 On The Brink Original Air Date: August 9, 2011 ==sync, correction by dcdah== www.addic7ed.com (Helicopter blades whirring) (Men) One. Two. Three. Four. (Man shouts indistinctly) (Men) Six. Higher! Higher! Higher! Seven. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Come on! Eight. (Man) Keep it moving! Nine. (Clicks) (Monitor beeping rhythmically) (Men) Ten. (Rebecca) I have never seen so much shrapnel in one child. I mean, did he step on the entire minefield? (Max) Judging by his leg, I'd say yes. (Simon) And done. Well, while you two have been faffing around down there, I've managed to wash out his extra and intracranial wounds, retrieve all foreign objects, and... finished. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He took one piece to the head. One very small piece. Mm-hmm. You know, is it just me? Or am I just, like, super good at this, and you guys are oh, so painfully slow? You know, I admit, us orthopedic surgeons can be pretty arrogant, but you neurosurgeons take the cake. (Chuckles) Forgive if I don't put my forceps down and give you a standing ovation, Simon, but I'm trying to keep the patient from bleeding out. B.P. Dropping again. Damn it. Hang another unit of blood. Looks like our record won't be extended after all. Well, just to recap, sports fans... two weeks, no losses on the table, for a save rate of 100%. That's up from my usual 97% save rate. If this was roulette, someone would have called the gaming commission. B.P. Still falling. No pressure, Dr. Gordon, but it looks like you have an audience that doesn't want to be disappointed. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) (Rebecca) Clamp. (Clink) And if you have an extra one, please, feel free to use it on Dr. Simon's mouth. Ouch. (Speaks indistinctly) So is this a private party, or can anyone stop doing what they're paid to do and join? I was just leaving. Oh, really? And here I thought you were just keeping tabs on the record. What's it at now? 100% survival rate for 13 days? I think it's 14. - Oh, 14, really? - How's it going in there? It's not... Don't say it. Touch and go, sir. Isn't there somewhere you should be? Graham. Yes, sir. Come here. (Jet engines roaring) Hey. Hi, doc. Are you busy? Captain from the base wants to talk to you. When? I was kind of hoping now. And you are? Captain Clark Herndon. Oh. Come in, captain. Thank you, Kelly. Please, take a seat. I'm, uh, not here for myself. 'Course not. It's a... tricky one. Um... Awkward... I mean, you being a woman and all. Oh, I'm not a woman. I'm a psychiatrist. Go for it. Well... One of my young boys can't... Keep his hands off himself. (Inhales) I mean, literally. I, uh, I assumed that. I mean, um... You mean masturbation. (Clears throat) Well, I'd have to take a look at his history first, but... I mean, if it just started, it could be a condition associated with extreme stress. Regardless, it sounds like your private's having some difficulties coping. Can't he just work it off at the gym? Please, captain... (Sighs) He's a good man, but if he can't stop, we're gonna have to send him home, and he'll never live it down. It'll go on his record. If it's a condition associated with stress, perhaps we don't have to send him home. I mean, standard treatment is medication to reduce anxiety and cognitive therapy to divert the patient. I need to find a horse to eat. (Chuckles) I'll take the front end. You take the rear. Talking about horses' asses... Rebecca? Breakfast? (Chuckles) (Sighs) Maybe after I've showered. I think you may have brushed up against me back there. A shower? I thought you'd never ask. And she never, ever will. Ever! - Rebecca. - Yeah. Great job. Look at this thing. Oh, thanks. Yeah, it was touch and go. He had bits of I.E.D. peppered throughout his abdomen. You know the day I realized I'd never be a surgeon? My second year at med school. Is this a long story? No, it's only, my attention span is more or less shot right now. - It's short. Don't worry about it. - Okay. So I've got this date with this undergrad... stunning, gorgeous... I got it... You've dated some hot girls in your time, you wolf, you. That's right. Anyways, I'm... I'm running late after this jog... That's ironic. Yeah, right? Mm. Take a quick shower, get dressed, And, uh, by now I'm about five minutes late. I go to tie my shoelaces and I'm so wound up that I can't. My fingers keep tripping over themselves trying to tie the bow quickly, and bam. (Snaps fingers) That's when I realize... I'd be useless under surgical pressure. (Grunts) Do you ever get that way? Never. Hence you're a trauma surgeon. Yes. So I'm going to take a much-needed shower and get some rest. Well, have fun with that. Yes, you, too. (Helicopter blades whirring) (Hannah) Road collision outside Qalat. Civilian bus versus military convoy. Terrorist. Bad driver. The bus caught on fire before everyone was evacuated. Numerous civilians injured. R.C. South wants us to take all nine. 9-liner report is 2 Alphas, 3 Bravos, and 4 Charlies, including the driver of the convoy. We're down a T.T.L. Graham, you feel like putting on your P.A.'s hat? Tell me where and I'm there, sir. Trauma team leader, bay 1. Got it. All right. Tell R.C. South we're good to go. Sergeant Corday over from R.C. South. (Pager beeps) (Beep) (Beep) (Beep) (Beep) (Beep) (Helicopter blades whirring) (Siren whoops) (Man) All right, nice and easy. Nice and easy. She's gone. Can we get two med techs over here? (Indistinct conversations) This is definitely priority one. Delbar? Severe dyspnea, sign of cyanosis... - Delbar? - She's going into shock. Prime 1! Bravo... bay 1! Let's get ready, people! Trauma bay 1. What do we got? Woman, 20s, B.P. 80 over 60, pulse 112, severe burns... (Gasping) Dyspnea, signs of shock. Two units Ringers in the field, 5 milligrams morphine administered. Etomidate. Breathing sounds restricted, stridor. Hand give me a six tube. Where's she burned? - Right leg, both arms, chest. - Trauma bay 2! Air entry fair. Give her half the fluid in the first 8 hours and the rest over the next 16. Etomidate. (Bobby) Okay, we're getting CO2 back. Okay, let's continue to manage her on Ringers. Oxygen up. What's the T.B.S. Percentage? Total body surface burned... I estimate 45%. Doctor, I'm pretty sure the percentage is more than that. (Suction gurgles) Suction off. Where's Rebecca? She's gonna need some escharotomies. Look, given the rule of 9s, I've estimated 45%. Do you want me to go over the numbers? No, doctor. Come on. Let's go. Trauma bay 4. Let's go, let's go. This kid's gonna need a head scan. All right, you're up next. Get Simon. All right, I'm on it. What have we got here? He has an arm laceration but isn't letting anybody near him. Let me see that. - Just take care of that. - Yeah. Check on the O.R. Whoa, whoa, whoa... gotcha. Hey... whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. Everything's... Hey, relax, okay? Hey... Everything's gonna be cool. It's okay. It's all right. Let me look at your arm. Please. Let me look at the arm. All right. Not gonna hurt you. Ah. That's a nasty laceration. All right. Just give him 250 I.U. Of tetanus I.S.G., followed by a round of antibiotics. Get this cleaned up and stitched up. Yes, sir. (Grunts) Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, little fella. Just relax. We're gonna take good care of you here. Take a seat here. We're just gonna check you out, okay? Mm-hmm. I want you to relax. I'm gonna support you and take your sling back. - Aah. - Don't worry. - Okay. - That hurts, does it? Pulse 140. They came out of nowhere, man. By the time we saw them coming, it was too late, and I tried to swerve, and the bus was just... was going way too fast. Sorry. I missed my beeper. Escharatomies. We're going to O.R. 3. Please don't let her die. We're gonna do the best we can. (Engines whir) (Man) Who's on bay 2? Is that you? How's he doing? Oh, he's a real trooper. Hey, little buddy. On another matter, sir, Trang has a patient, burned 50% of the body. Yeah, one of the first patients I saw. - Yeah. - Keeping her comfortable? - Yeah, Rebecca's doing the escharatomies. - Good. Bobby felt that the patient just had under 50% burns, 45%, to be exact. Huh. Permission to speak freely? Always, Will. Even if the woman had 45% coverage, which I don't believe she does... Mm-hmm. The type of care that she's gonna require is gonna burn out my nurses. She's gonna be in and out of the O.R. every other day just to excise the burns and to graft 'em. She'll be in the I.C.U. For weeks if not months. Mm-hmm. It would take a phenomenal amount of nursing care just to change her dressings... I'm aware of what it will take. (Indistinct conversations) (Monitor beeping rhythmically) I give you my word, colonel, she will die. Now 30%... Okay, she's got a chance, but 45%... That's a death sentence. She's on the bubble, which is not much of a chance, but it's better than zero. It's cruel to keep her alive. I mean, even if she did survive, I mean, no tertiary care, her family couldn't afford the medication. Plus, there's a possibility that Bobby may be rooting for the record. You call her expectant, she dies and the record dies with her. Let's give Doctor Trang more credit than that. You get your team ready to treat her in the I.C.U. after surgery. Yes, sir. And I'll make sure that Bobby's with this every step of the way. (Knock on door) Private Marvers, come on in. Thank you, ma'am. Pull up a seat wherever. How old are you, private? Uh, I'm 20, ma'am. You know why your captain told you to come see me? Yes, ma'am. What happened to your hands? Oh... N-nothing. (Scoffs) How are you feeling right now? Nervous. Nervous, I guess. And when you're nervous or... or stressed, does that make you feel the, um, the urge? Yes, ma'am. But it's not... It's not a sexual... thing. I-I try to stop it, but it's like... (Sighs) It's like my body's betraying me. I... Am I a pervert? No. Not at all, private. I mean, you're dealing with life and death every day. Everyone deals with stress and fear differently. This is a pretty scary, stressful place, wouldn't you say? Yes, ma'am. And it's a completely natural part of life, but if you're doing it more and enjoying it less, then it could point to the possibility that there's something maybe wrong. I don't want to be sent home from here, especially not for something like... like this. Oh, I understand, private, and I'm gonna do my best to help you get sorted. (Glad) I'm giving her a little more succinylcholine. (Simon) Pam, carefully pass me the transducer. (Simon) Vitals? (Glad) Stable. B.P. 70 over 20, base excess down to minus 5, ph 6.85. Connecting the I.C.P. Monitor. (Pam) There it is. Children like this always get to me. They're the hardest for me, too. I keep thinking of my nieces. Ah, you saps, both of you. A patient is a patient. Concentrate on the injury, not the person. Don't pretend you've got a heart of stone. I know you. Oh, sweet Pam. Nobody knows me. I am a man of mystery. (Rebecca) As soon as we're done here, it's over to the I.C.U. The next 48 hours will be crucial. If she survives them, then we can start excising the burns and doing the skin grafting. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) I heard Will thinks Bobby might have miscalculated the burn percentage... That we should let her go. Did you? (Beeping continues) Well, I didn't hear that, and besides, this is Bobby's patient... All right. And he is determined that she has a chance. Now I know that this is going to be a challenge, but I think that we're all up for it. So... Shall we continue? Okay. (Jet engines roaring) Like this. (Haroula Rose's "Love Will Follow" playing) Can you do that? Like this. If he doesn't smile here, who's to say he smiles anywhere? Maybe no one would recognize him smiling. That's a good point. Did you find out his name? Well, one of the injured says that the man who put him on the bus called him "Aref," but she doesn't know the man and didn't recognize the dialect. Aref, look. Speaking English... um... ♪ Where do you go? ♪ okay. (Camera beeps, shutterer ccks) Okay, make 50 copies of this and hand 'em out to the Afghans in and around the base. Yes, sir. Does he ever speak? Does he ever speak? No, he just follows me around like a puppy dog. And no one's come to claim him or see if he's here. No. It's as if he just dropped out of the sky. ♪ What do you look for? ♪ this is patient 407. She's approximately 8 years old. Um, her vitals are stable. Five hours post surgical. I evacuated a small hematoma... Uh, placed an I.C.P. monitor. She's on mannitol drip, phenytoin to control seizures. We infused vit K and a healthy dose of platelets. We're just waiting for her to come around. Good. (Bobby) Jane Doe, approximately 30 years old, burns covering 45% of her body, B.P.'s 90 over 60, pulse 110. We've done fluid resuscitation, and we're managing her hypothermia. Rebecca's performed three escharotomies, and she's catheterized and on a ventilator. We're also watching for her ins and outs. What is your treatment plan? Well, we're gonna monitor her progress, watch for infection and rhabdomyolysis. Have you tried to contact her family? No, not yet, sir, but I'll get right on that. So you're planning on leaving her here in the hospital the whole time it takes for her to recover? No, sir. I'm gonna call all the local hospitals, and, uh, see if they'll take her in transfer. Which they won't, because they know she won't survive these burns. Hey, you don't know that. You've made your point, commander. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) Make your calls, Dr. Trang. Hey. You got enough room? You want me to move, or... (Helicopter blades whirring) Ladies. (Door closes) This was a bad call, Bobby. You weren't there. Rule of nines is a way to calculate an approximation of how much a patient's body is covered in burns. She had less than 50% burns. And which one of us can measure 5% either way? Me. (Jet engines roaring) You know, for 90 days we're gonna torture her with our advanced care, and on the 91st day, she'll be overwhelmed with infection and she'll die. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) And in the meantime, you'll turn Commander Royal and his nurses against us. I made my decision. But did you make it from a practical viewpoint or an emotional one? (Door opens) Who do you th... How's she doing? (Door closes) No change. Well, I bring news. The name that she was repeating over and over again in triage... Delbar. One of the other, uh, crash survivors just told Vans that that's the name of her daughter. (Sighs) Well, that's... that's very sad, of course, but... Delbar is your patient, Simon. The little girl you were operating on this afternoon... This is her mother Nabil. You still think we should leave her to die? (Beeping continues) (Door opens and closes) (Speaks middle eastern dialect) (Jet engines roaring) (Speaks middle eastern dialect) (Indistinct conversations) (Speaks middle eastern dialect) (Indistinct conversations continue) He doesn't even understand me. He doesn't speak Pashto or Farsi, but perhaps he speaks Hindko. Hmm. Hey. He likes you, dude. Yeah, he doesn't give me half the trouble of some people around here, dude. (Indistinct conversations continue) How is she? Hanging in there, just about. I've just been speaking to the colonel, who said I should speak to you. Mm. That sounds ominous. This is, uh, Private Marvers. How do you do, ma'am? Private. Marvers needs a little break from his, uh, duties, so the colonel thought that sitting here looking after your patient, uh, might just fit the bill. Really? Um... Can I just have a minute, private? Yes, ma'am. I don't think that's just such a good idea. It'd do him good. He needs to take his mind off, uh, things. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) What is he doing? (Sighs) Stretching. Look, it's a win-win situation. You help him, and, um, he can help you when you, uh, need to take a break. You're not gonna let me say no to this, are you? Of course not. We're just gonna grab some food, then we'll be right back. Want anything from D-Fac? No, I'm good. Okay. (Clears throat) Come along, private. ♪ ♪ (Jet engines roaring) (Engine rumbling) We really need more sterile ones in stock. I'd say about 50. Is that... Suzy. Excuse me. Suzy, wait. Wait, Suzy. Wait. Look, I know you all are backing your boss, and I admire your loyalty, but I made a purely clinical decision. You undermined Will on a marginal decision. Marginal? How often do we see the difference between life and death separated by the thinnest of margins? If she doesn't die in here, she almost certainly will when she returns to her village, and all you'll have achieved is humiliating Will and us. Us... who, the nurses? Sitting in the I.C.U.... what, as if somehow your presence is gonna be the trump card? Or are you keeping guard, making sure that we don't slip in and let nature take its course? You can't be serious? (Indistinct conversations) (Lowered voice) Have you located her family? Found a hospital that'll take her? Not yet. You're hopeless. I'll make the calls. Thanks. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) Mm. Thanks. Do you believe the suggestion that my calculation of her burns is based on the fact that I want to keep the record going? you believe we can save her. (Beeping continues) What do you believe? Can we? Look, the nurses have their hands full. They do. They only have time to see her on a timetable. Now unless we get some more patients, we can monitor her moment by moment and catch every little misstep on her road to recovery as it happens. Now if we can do that, then we can... We will... Pull her through, yeah. (Jet engines roaring) Anyone here? (Raged breathing) Private Marvers, are you in here? Private Marvers? Yes, ma'am. Are you, uh... Yes, ma'am. (Exhales sharply) (Sighs) I need you to stop. I can't, ma'am. Yes, you can. Hands up, cowboy, and hold 'em up in the air where I can see 'em. Yes, ma'am. Now stand up. (Helicopter blades whirring) Hold them there for two minutes while it... subsides. Then pull your pants up and come on out. I'll try, ma'am. And you'll succeed. Now close your eyes and concentrate on keeping your hands in the air. Okay. I'll wait here till you're ready. (Door opens) Carry on, corporal. (Door closes) (Jet engines roaring) (Monitor beeping rhythmically) Psst! That's girl for "follow me." (Beeping continues) Really? Mm-hmm. You good? Yeah. Uh, Grace is sending someone to help us out, so go. ♪ ♪ (Woman) ♪ You take a little walk ♪ ♪ baby, where you want to go? ♪ (Engines whirring) (Indistinct conversations) ♪ Don't tell me where you been ♪ ♪ 'cause I don't wanna know ♪ ♪ I'm sick of all the words ♪ ♪ told me every one you know ♪ ♪ just don't tell me where you been ♪ ♪ 'cause I don't wanna know ♪ Suzy? Suzy? ♪ I want to ♪ ♪ to see you ♪ ♪ to get it right ♪ ♪ to give it time ♪ (Moans) ♪ You 'bout to make me lose my mind ♪ What was that for? An apology for being so horrible to you earlier. You had your reasons. True, but I want you to know that I was being horrible on a professional standpoint, not a personal. Okay. Why so cloak-and-dagger? Mm. (Grunts) I don't want the nurses to think I was giving you the time of day. (Laughs) You could've just slipped me a note. I was raised to always apologize in person, face-to-face. I accept. Thank you. Bobby, let's do it in the shower. Do what? Sex. Yeah, but we'll get wet. We're not gonna have a shower. We're just gonna have sex in the shower. Okay, but I'm treating a patient. Oh, pretend I'm your patient for the next 20 minutes. Oh. Oh. What if, uh, what if we get caught? We won't, if you stop chattering. (Clicks) (Jet engines roaring) Okay. My mom always used to make me milk. She said it would help me sleep. (Chuckles) (Whispers) Let me get that for you, Aref. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) (Sighs) (Whispering) Come on. You can do this. Pull through for your mother. Excuse me. What are you doing? Hanging another bag of antibiotics. I was on my way to do that. Well, you were a couple of minutes late. I'm sorry. I was busy elsewhere, but I was on my way here to do my job. Sorry. (Sighs) Oh, wow. We are gonna need the U.N. for conflict resolution. That's... (Inhales sharply) Uh, so what did Suzy want? She rake you over the coals? No, just to apologize for something she said earlier. Mm. Took a long time. Yeah, she was very apologetic. (Clears throat) Is it raining outside? I didn't hear anything. I... no. Just a localized shower. (Door opens) (Grace) Hi. Hey. This is Private First Class Nick Marvers. He's come to, uh, sit with you for a while. Oh, well, very appreciative to have you. Uh, have a seat. I'm gonna go take a nap. (Bobby) - All right. (Rebecca) - Yeah. Thank you, Dr. Trang. No problem. So, private, how's your tour been in Kandahar? Uh... (Jet engines roaring) (Knocks on door) Come in. Hey, Will. Sit down. No, I'm fine, sir. Permission to speak freely. Of course. One of my nurses was going to the I.C.U. to top up the antibiotics on the expectant, only to discover that Dr. Gordon was already doing her job. She claims that my nurse was late. She was not late. She was busy elsewhere. She was only two minutes behind schedule. What would you have me do? I would have you give the order to withdraw medical care from the patient on the basis that even if we could save her life, it would be of such low quality that she will wish that we hadn't. I would have you give the order, sir, to switch the care to palliative only, but you won't do that, will you, sir? Will, there is a process at play here... More than one. Talk to Doctors Gordon and Trang. Explain to them the dangers inherent in usurping the roles of other specialists within this hospital. (Pager beeping) (Second pager beeping) (Bobby) The urine output's decreasing. (Suzy) It's tea-colored. Rhabdomyolysis. Her kidneys are shutting down. We should let her go. In your shoes, I'd call it a day. Urine stopped. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) It's your decision, doctor. Increase her fluids. Keep her urine output above 100 cc per hour. Bicarb to alkalinize her urine. Let's hang I.V. bolus, 40 of furosemide over the next one to two minutes, and let's flush out the myoglobin before she goes into acute renal failure. It could be malignant hyperthermia from the sux she received a couple hours ago causing the rhabdo. Okay, let's cool her down and then get her some dantrolene now. (Engine rumbling) All right. Let's learn how to wash one handed. (Chuckles) (Jet engines roaring) (Splashes) (Door closes) Okay, you go now. Let's keep thihione dry, okay? There you go. That was great. All right, let's dry you off. Okay, now me. All right. (Door opens) Okay. Let's make sure not to get this wet. All right. So let's lather up. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) (Helicopter blades whirring) How's she doing? She's good. Yeah, nothing bad's happened since last night. I've been here ever since. Oh, no, thank you, ma'am. You know, you can go get some sleep. I got her. No. Um, um... Okay. You sure? You can come back again later. Uh, maybe I'll go get us some coffees. Okay. How are your hands feeling, private? They're, um, they're fine. Thank you, ma'am. (Rebecca groans) (Yawns) What time is it? It is... 07:15. Thanks. When she crashed last night, you saw all the permutations and you made all the right calls in the moment. I couldn't do that. I focused on one thing... rhabdo. I never would have gone to malignant hyperthermia as the cause. You brought her back again, Bobby. You know that we can save her. To be honest, I wanted to win a clinical argument supported by the facts. Doubting your decision isn't gonna help her any, Bobby. You trying to fix me now? (Monitor beeping rhythmically) What if Will was... Don't say it. What if Will... Do not say it. If I want to say something, I'll damn well say it. You and Suzy can go to hell. Bobby, come on. No. (Door closes) Me and Suzy? (Jet engines roaring) Move! Move, move! I never quite get used to the moment these kids come back to us. I mean, we work for it, but even when all the numbers line up, there are no guarantees. It always feels like a gift. All right. She's awake. And the heart of stone shatters. (Sighs) Okay. B.P.? 105 over 70. Pulse is 80. (Moaning) No, no, calm down. All right. Lorazepam, 2.5 milligrams, to calm her. Calm down, honey. (Moans) Calm down. (Moans) Where did this kid come from? No one knows. (Monitor emitting continuous tone) V-fib. Get the crash cart. Start C.P.R. Close the curtain. Close the curtain. Okay, stay here. Dr. Trang. Dr. Trang. Let her go. (Tone continues) Get the board under her. Let's go, nurse. (Tone continues) (Whispering indistinctly) Stop C.P.R. (Tone continues) Charging to 200. (Defibrillator whines) Charged. Clear? All clear. (Paddles thunk) (Tone continues) (Defibrillator whines) Charging to 300. Clear? All clear. (Paddles thunk) No change. Bobby. Charge to 360. Commander Trang, maybe you should reconsider. (Defibrillator whines) No. Charged. Clear? All clear. (Paddles thunk) Still nothing. Get me 40 of vasopressin. Check pulse. (Tone continues) No pulse. All right, continue C.P.R. Charging 360. 360. No, Bobby, stop. Stop. We did everything we can. She's had enough. Call it, doctor. (Tone continues) Time of death... 07:37 Kandahar time. What will we tell Delbar? That we did everything we could to save her mother's life. It just wasn't meant to be. (Sighs) Let's take a moment. (Sighs deeply) (Engines roaring) I gotta tell you something. Last night, when you asked me if it rained, I lied, badly. I went to the showers with Suzy. You had a shower with Suzy? I didn't have a shower with Suzy. I had sex in the showers with Suzy, when I told you she was apologizing to me. Suzy Chao apologizes with sex? First she apologized, then we had sex. It didn't mean anything. What, it didn't mean anything? Wh-why are you... You know you can get sent home for this? I don't... why are you telling me this, especially now? Because I think we're about to be sent home anyway. (Knock on door) Come on in. (Door opens) (Door closes) Relax. Have a seat. (Sighs deeply) It's been quite a day and quite a night. We fought hard and both won and lost. We won back a little girl. We lost her mother. On that matter... Last night, when the patient started to succumb to rhabdomyolysis, I offered you a choice to step back and allow her to pass in relative peace or carry on in your efforts to save her life.. Sir, I... No. Hold on. Hold on. 'Cause sometimes it's difficult to see our work in the Role 3 as anything other than a test of our ingenuity and our endurance, and occasionally, we're overwhelmed with the urge to push the odds. And within reason, that's... That's right and proper. Sir, I calculated that the patient had less than 50% burns. 45%. Yes, sir. And what happened to the patient? She died, sir. So I guess Commander Royal was right. It's not about right or wrong. You were trying your best. Now... As we go through this tour together, we're gonna learn a lot about ourselves, and the longer we're together, the more we're gonna learn about each other and our strengths, and we're gonna learn that we can trust in one another. Yes, sir. (Scoffs) There is some speculation around the hospital that your calculations were based on the pursuance of "the record"? But I don't believe it. You're too good a doctor. Thank you, sir. You're dismissed, Dr. Trang. Dr. Gordon, you stood by Dr. Trang (Door opens) through thick and thin. (Door closes) I see the bond developing between you as colleagues. It's a far cry from how you were when you first arrived here. You're learning. Thank you, sir. But it's not just about relying on your fellow doctors. So now in the future, I know you'll include Commander Royal and our nurses and their experience to create a cohesive group, 'cause we're a team, and it's the only way we're gonna survive. Is that clear? Yes, sir. And, uh, I know you won't oversleep your beeper again. Yes, sir. Okay. Oh. Okay. Go and tell Dr. Trang that I ordered both of you to get some sleep. All right? Yes, sir. (Indistinct conversations) (Knock on door) Oh. Come in, private. Thank you. Take a seat. I heard you had, uh, a busy night. Yeah. Yeah, I was with her until she died, after everything they tried to do to save her. (Helicopter blades whirring, jet engines roaring) It was... It was very sad. Yes, it is. An emotionally stressful situation, which I heard you handled very well. I-I fell asleep right after. I guess I was pretty exhausted. You sleep well? Got almost four straight hours. Ah. How long's it been since you had, uh, four hours of undisturbed sleep? Weeks, I guess. I mean... Well, cross your fingers, cowboy. I think we may have started to break the cycle. (Chuckles) Take off those bandages. You don't need them. That's an order. Yes, ma'am. (Chuckles) (Men) Eight. Nine. Louder. (Men) Ten... Louder. These are fries. This is how you eat 'em. Mmm. Mmm. Okay, you try. Get that one with the ketchup on it. Okay. (Men) 15... Hey, Will. (Jet engines roaring) Colonel. (Men) 17... About Bobby and Rebecca... I hope you don't think I was undermining your position. Colonel, please. You know, you were just doing what you were supposed to do, which is teach. Sometimes those lessons are hard. For us all. Yeah. Unless they have to be here, this is no place for children. Yeah, well, we're searching for the family. (Indistinct conversations) (Stars' "Your Ex-lover Is Dead" playing) Can I confess something? Is this about you and Suzy? Because I really don't think I could take the details right now. No. No. It's about my assessment that Nabil was... Just I don't know if... maybe I was trying to prolong the record. I don't know anymore, you know? Bobby, you're tired. You need some rest. Yeah. I really wish he didn't order us to sleep. My... my dad used to order us to sleep when we were younger, and I would get so anxious about obeying him that I couldn't relax enough ever to just drop off. I'm never gonna go to sleep now. ♪ Live through this ♪ ♪ and you won't look back ♪ ♪ live through this ♪ ♪ and you won't look back ♪ ==sync, correction by dcdah== www.addic7ed.com www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 