Blade of the Immortal: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blade of the Immortal 
 s1e2 - Founding - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blade of the Immortal (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Founding - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We have two visitors. I'm coming. Why don't you sit down and paint normally for once? I'm the one that has to clean it and bow my head to the landlord. We finally have a garden, after all. Master Sori. Blade of the Immortal One, two, three Undead tree What truth I'll come true 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wow... I see that bright light This is all I have What did you say? I know Why do you say? Hone the blade lie around Survive of vision Death and pleasure are my future I got lost I was lost Survive of vision Unfinished heaven Now fight to claim your wounds Don't know why Don't know why Survive of vision Could it be, little Rin? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's been a while. Sorry, I didn't notice you at first. So it was Rin! Sir, you move around too much. -It took so long to find you-- -Hey! This isn't time for some season's greetings. Who even is this guy? He's just some local artist. We did all this searching because you said there was some incredible swordsman who'd join us. You must've been abandoned by Mount Takao at birth, then raised by some friendly monkeys. That's the vibe I'm getting from you. Sir! This... This man is my bodyguard. Bodyguard? We'd known each other since childhood. Long ago, near Honjo, when I was studying to become a mirror crafter, I had a customer under the Asano family. I thought Asano was the kind of person who would never incur resentment from others. To think he was killed by a grudge of the past. It's almost unbearable to imagine. I'm sorry. I thought I should've told you sooner... but I was still sorting out my own emotions too. No, thank you. I'm glad you told me. I should be the one apologizing. I wasn't even at the funeral. It's all right, sir. Father's funeral is only just now beginning. Revenge? Father and Mother were innocent! To that end, I've trained until I bled for two years. I even hired a bodyguard! It's a fool's dream. Please consider your own limitations. It's not a dream! The rumors of that man, Anotsu, I've heard them too. The 22-year-old master swordsman, a self-purported prodigy. Thanks to that forceful school being unified, every dojo east of Katsushika has been destroyed. The only survivors have become converts. Why does the shogunate allow it? They may be worried that if there were a duel between two master ronins, and the government official made a wrong move, there would be a great fuss about it. And there could also be some other dubious reasons. Either way, they're an outlaw gang that even the shogunate doesn't want to mess with. Hiring a single bodyguard won't give them any cause to worry. That may be the case. But there's still one path to make the impossible possible, isn't there? Like if I had just one more bodyguard. I can't offer that kind of assistance. You haven't heard me out! What are you asking of a mere painter? I couldn't ask this of a mere painter. The master I'm asking is a spy of the shogunate. I can't believe you knew that. That Asano, he was a troublesome man, too. The reason you were hired as a spy was because they valued your connections and prowess with a sword. And I hear your swordplay surpasses even my father's. You see, if a painter isn't always touching something new, his sensibility immediately gets rusty. And for me, for example, Western paintings and etchings. But as you know, if you were to collect those things in this country right now, you'd be a criminal. So what should I do? It would be best for me to remain on the side of oversight. You mean staying a spy... In order to gain the favor of the shogunate, I polished my sword skill and disposed of any anti-shogunate influence I had. I even sold out fellow painters. My sword is mired in filth. I don't have a mind to wield it for a friend. Wow, thanks for that viewpoint. It was good for a laugh. Rin, the bottom of this guy's heart is lost. Tell me, old man. Between lending your dirty hand to your old pal's kid when she needs it and letting her die a painful death, which one is sadder? Be honest, mister. You can talk about dirtiness and imply friendship all you want... but in the end, you're just prioritizing your own convenience. What really makes me laugh is whatever disposition causes you to turn to sophistry and muddy the waters when talk gets serious. A rather immature opinion, but I won't deny it. I've a mountain of paintings to finish. You won't shame me for that. If you were an artist, you'd feel the same. Art, huh? You old bastard. -Hey, Mr. Manji! Where are you going? -The discussion's over. I'm going to look for tonight's lodging. Paint to your heart's content, mister! Wait! The sun is setting. You can stay here. But... We'll have lots to talk about in the morning. Besides, you needn't worry. He's not the kind of man who would disappear and abandon you. Rin. Rin? Mother? Rin. I'm still sleepy. Rin. You're such a sleepyhead. Die! Damn it! You can move pretty well for someone who just woke up. You swine. Well, it's good fun to catch a butterfly as it tries to escape-- You couldn't just hold off for a while? I wanted to relish the tongue lashing and dramatic exit from yesterday. Mr. Manji! Well, actually, I was just at the fire tower over-- Not that! Behind you! Okay, boys! Whoever kills this guy is the new boss! I see. You see? You think you have the luxury of being relaxed? Do you really think you can cut us all down with one sword--? It's no good! Still the wrong color. Is this all my path of painting will amount to until I take revenge for my friend? -Okay, I get it, I'm sorry! -Get back here! Mr. Manji, back me up here! Red. Yes, red! And what comes to mind is a red that I should remember having seen countless times. For example, what? A flower? No, that's not it. A gem? No. A sunset? No, that might be a stretch. But a red with a foundation similar to a sunset... -Too slow! -It's certainly easier said than done. Let's see. He's here again! Please, God, let me have a demon of a revelation! It's done! That's right. This is it. The most basic red. Now that I know, all that's left-- Where'd that bastard go? What a wonderful spot you're in. You're way too loud with every move you make. That's why you're out of breath. Idiot. What? Damn it. You freaking amateur! This one always works on idiots that get too heated. Mr. Manji! And now... Where do we go from here, huh? You killed every single one of my allies. I'll have you repay me by severing both your hands and feet! Just tell me one thing. Who is this? Any person who would trample on art can die. I simply cannot fathom it. Why do you want to protect this girl so badly that you'd take such a beating? Do you want to be drunk on the act of sacrificing yourself for others? Long ago, my little sister was killed right in front of me, and it was my fault. If this girl's face didn't resemble my sister's so closely, I wouldn't be doing something so dumb. In the end, the two of us are two of a kind. I see, I get it now. I thought I told you. Little Rin, with 30 ryo, you could surely avoid sleeping outdoors for two or three years. Perhaps we are two of a kind. All I'm worried about is whether you even have the leeway to protect the way of life of another person. Am I wrong? Goodness... You can't even be honest with yourself at the very end? Well, aren't these peculiar. We only have two days. Rest assured, the sign out there isn't just for show. So, whose are these? -Your father's? -Oh, it's not like that. I thought so. These aren't the tools of your everyday man. I started this job two years ago, and you don't catch the scent of stolen goods like these often. These aren't from any common samurai. For example... Forget it, that's not important. I won't ask for details. Swords are made for killing people, after all. I... I suppose that's true. So, lady, what do you say to 2 ryo for the sharpening job? If you don't have it now, I can wait a couple days. Hey! Lady, looks like you know your swords. You're something else! That right there is a secondhand. By its looks, I'd say it came from somewhere in Yezo. Its owner should be back to pick it up soon. He's from that school you hear about all the time. You probably know of it. I think it was the Itto-ryu... Speak of the devil. Girl, what are you doing? Now, now. This lady just seems to like swords. I was just going over her man's swords over there. Is that so? Pardon me. You have my thanks. It being secondhand aside, this one's ease of use is in a league of its own. It's not fit for the hands of an amateur. Oh, boy, if I sharpened something like that, it'll give me the chills. The kind of therapeutic chills that feel like a nice, cool evening breeze. It's an impressive life you live. I'll stop by again someday. Sure, I appreciate it. Hey! Mr. Samurai! Please hand over that sword to me! I can furnish you with up to 30 ryo. I beseech you, please. I'm no samurai. Just a swordsman. Girl, do you know of the Asano dojo that was in Honjo up until two years ago? Yes. I'm searching for a girl from that dojo. I can't sell this sword for any amount of money. If you were to tell me where this girl is, I would consider your request. How about it? It's fine with me. I'm used to it. But for you to just suddenly go broke... Can you go without a bath or food? I'm sorry. Why do you want someone else's sword so badly? It was my father's. Two years ago, every single sword in the dojo was stolen. It was among those. So, what do you want to do? Did you catch where they were staying? Will you take it back by force? They said they'll be at an inn called Takiguchi nearby Jimon until tomorrow. But... I'm sorry, Mr. Manji. This is the last time I'll bring up stuff like this. I'm already 16. It's disgraceful for me to always be prattling on about Father and Mother. I've already moved past this sword business. That guy's a swordsman of the Itto-ryu, too. Don't you despise him? I do. I hate him... but as long as Kagehisa Anotsu lives, my enemies will only grow in number. I won't take unnecessary steps. I need to take the shortest route to that man. Your face, I've seen it on a wanted poster. You're a former armed constable. I believe the charges were the killing of 100 men. I don't know what you want with me, but I hope it doesn't take too long. Oh, it's not that big a deal. There's just a bit of a situation. Fight me. In the event that I win, I'll have the longer sword that's on your waist. Hilarious! I see. So that's how it is? So that girl back then really was the one I was looking for. Well? Isn't that right, Mr. Manji? So the one who killed Sabato Kuroi and Nisaburo Tsuchimochi was you. Tsuchimo? The bald guy with the--? The bald guy with the spear. Get back here! You little-- I like this guy. That's right. It had to come to this. Give me your name! I'll make sure I remember it! Magatsu. Taito Magatsu. You're the first person other than my allies who hasn't died after this many moves. That said, I've drawn first blood. This, huh? Well, you did surprise me. Sorry, but I'm used to this level of adversity. Now there's some nostalgia. I was born in the village of Senzoku. The house I was born in is just a stone's throw from here. This entire area was hit by a flood. And despite the shape this forest is in, it was able to absorb the water and fuse in the mud. One of my childhood friends, seemingly unaware of this, died in the mud, later to be found by me. The place I found him happens to be exactly where you're standing! What? For whatever reason, I'm remembering the past. I had a younger sister. Mari was kicked by the Daimyo's horse, and was torn in two. Mr. Manji, if you were a samurai in the past, then you're my enemy. The girl that was with you, as well. There isn't a samurai family alive that's without sin. They live their lives, guaranteed to harm others. You're not the only lone, tragic hero, you know. I won't let you kill me ever again. You think a wound like this is enough? A wound like this? This was quite the riveting night, Mr. Manji. I hope someday we'll get to enjoy a night like this together again. Assuming we both survive this one, that is. Ouch. Mr. Manji! This was here when I woke up. Oh, what the heck? So you ended up spending that 30 ryo? Don't play dumb! Who the hell asked you to do that? I told you I was over it. If you suffer pain for my selfishness, or even die-- I won't die. Idiot! Damn it! Then should I toss it? Rin, what's with you? You resolved to take this journey due to the pain of having your parents killed. If you become unable to shed a single tear for your parents, would you even be able to keep journeying? Even if they're all painful memories, if you can remember them, there will be times you can summon up unbelievable strength. I guess I won this time. Big bro, you idiot. What did you just say? Weren't you listening? I'm not going to say it again. I look like her, don't I? Your little sister. It's not fair if I'm the only one who cries. You need to let me see you cry now and then. You dumbass, why the hell would I cry? Quit spouting weird stuff and close the door already. Don't bother me till noon. Sorry. Besides, the way you call me is different. You've got it wrong. It's not "big bro." It's "big brother." Big brother, you idiot! Act Two – Founding 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 