Blade of the Immortal: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Blade of the Immortal 
 s1e1 - Meeting - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Blade of the Immortal (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Meeting - full transcript 
 The Edo period. Daughter of a martial arts dojo, Rin embarks on a journey to take revenge for her slain parents. For her bodyguard on the journey, she has chosen the immortal man Manji, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The little sister's dead, and the brother will soon follow. They'll be like two peas in a pod in the afterlife. You killed 100 men? Are you kidding me? Everything's your fault. You're right, it's certainly my fault. What? -Thanks, baldy. -What...? -It's all my fault. -What? That's all it's going to be. I'm in a bit of a good mood right now. What? You're going to find out if that body count of mine is real or fake... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 whether you like it or not! Blade of the Immortal You there, girl. Yes? Is that your family's grave? Yes. It's my father's. What about your mother? Her whereabouts are unknown. Sounds like a complex situation. He was killed... right before my eyes. There were 30 of them. After killing my father, they raped my mother and took off with her. No wonder... Who are you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yaobikuni. For a few reasons, It's been 800 years since I started living in this graveyard. I'm in no mood to be laughing at jokes. So you took that as a joke? Anyway, what will you do from here, girl? I'm... going to kill every last one of them. What's so funny? My apologies, it's our dreams that keep us alive after all. Who knows, the spirit of Yaya may just grant you your wish. I'm going to do it. That's right. My mother... might be waiting to be saved somewhere. Who are these 30 people anyway? Itto-ryu. I've heard of them. They're all master swordsmen who butcher every dojo that defies them. That's them. They proclaim themselves a swordsmen's dojo, making them difficult for even the shogunate to handle. They may have been 30 in number when they attacked your house, but their influence has grown more tremendous since then. Dozens more with unparalleled strength, and hundreds of disciples below them. How is your skill with a blade? It's... It's nothing compared to my father's, but... And even he was killed by them, no? Leave me alone! I may look weak, but I've been training for nearly two years. That just won't do. One girl against an entire outlaw swordsman clan? Girl, hire a bodyguard! And hire the very best one. A bodyguard? The Killer of 100. What...? TO MISS RIN ASANO AS THE SAND, AS HAIR OF BLACK, CROSS THE SEA... SABATO KUROI WANTED The shogunate is chasing him to this day but can't catch him. He had the skill to slay a hundred of his pursuers, including his little sister's husband. The man got his own sister caught up in his sword fights and ended up killing her. The task of atonement has been imposed upon him. If you think I'm pulling your leg, go ahead and seek him out. You're the only one left. You bastards. You'll pay... Sabato Kuroi. -Yes. -Wait! I hear you people once studied under the same sword school. There must be a way to resolve this conflict with our predecessors. Your words... They are interesting. I wonder what our predecessors would say. The transient ringing bell. The distressed crying bird. All await their chance to walk the path to the void. The mission of our Itto-ryu is to show the path. And to make known the weak swordsmen of this realm. Do what you like with this woman. Just leave the daughter untouched. Are... you going to cut them all like that? Of course not. How long have you lived here? A year and a half. Sorry, I burnt it. Did you sleep outside? I usually sleep in the shed. You can go ahead and travel alone... but this place is rife with frogs and bandits. For a kid like you to be wandering around unarmed... Thank you. It seems you're not as scary as the rumors say you are. You're Mr. Manji, aren't you? The Killer of 100. I see. You want revenge for your parents. Sounds like a tall order. Please help me. I'm begging you! You should go while the sun's out. Of course, I can pay you money up front, Mr. Manji-- Stow it, this isn't about the money. Mr. Manji, I heard from Mrs. Yaobikuni. You're fated to cut down evil-doers as atonement for the sins of your past. She said there's no way you would turn me down. Well, in order to accept, I'll need to know just who was righteous and who was evil. Humans are creatures that often judge themselves just based on their own vested interests. I don't want to be an accomplice to someone who acts like they're good putting on the face of a victim. If you've done that, you're just another criminal. But they... My father! They killed so many people! Right in front of me! And my mother... It was worse than death. I don't even know if she's still alive. "And we did nothing wrong." Is that what you're trying to say? You see, a samurai... If he's a master, he won't kill someone meaninglessly. I'm sure it was some personal grudge. It's just a chain of revenge. But I... can't take it. I can't live with this. Knowing all of them... Such horrible things. So painful it brings you to tears? Are you prepared to throw away everything for your revenge? Very well. Then prove it to me right now. What? I'm telling you to show me your determination, if it's really that painful for you. I will sell myself. Right here and now. Stupid kid. What a joke. Put your clothes on! Sorry. You just remind me of my dead little sister. I meant what I did just now. As the sand, as hair of black, cross the sea If the butterfly writes its ephemeral sadness as it parades the sky Concluding that now is but nostalgia and dreams What a beautiful song. It's called "Of the One That I Love." This letter... I quite enjoyed reading it. How embarrassing... Not at all, you have a wonderful talent for poetry. Might I as well have your ear for a verse of my own? Be my guest. Demand a person, the lock yet closed. Demand a person, the doe yet estranged. Tire with my person of old. The sought light still far away. Who wrote that? Inspired by the multiple love letters I received from you, I wrote them, unskilled as I am. Magnificent. Like a renowned poet's. I've a long way to go. I can't hold a candle to the poets of the Heian. Yet my love letters resemble a piece of an unstudied sutra. It was a rather fine composition. I pray my heart was laid bare within it. Yes, I got the message. I am grateful. Now, if you'll excuse me, I will cut you down. My love aims for the ultimate. The ultimate affection, in other words, death. That path can repel the intervention of any human. Your hair, your eyes... All those beautiful things... I want to have all of them to myself, inside me. I'm truly honored by your praise. The truth is, I too have come here to take your life. What? How perfect. Then let us go hand in hand and pay our respects at Yomotsu Hirasaka. No, I've come all this way. The one to pay their respects will be... you alone. You have some nerve to send those things to the dojo every day for two years. I despise that hook-eyed man as well, but you are the one most deserving of my malice. The first to die shall be you who struck down my father. How beautiful. Like an angel. That love letter was a real shocker. Were those things seriously addressed to you? Very nice. They left me mesmerized. You're going after a girl who's young enough to be your daughter. Well, thanks to that, you saved me the trouble of searching for you. I can handle this! Just stand back. The swordsmanship of a master who wields two swords is to an amateur's what a dragon is to a water flea. So, they call you Sabato Kuroi? There wouldn't be any tension fighting against a child, would there? How about the two of us shades bring down a rain of blood with our multiple swords. Miss Rin! No matter how many times I hear it, it has that adorable ring. -Truly, the name reflects the vessel. -You bastard, don't act like you didn't-- You're in the way, young one. This is an important scene. Can't you tell by looking? I do not wish to speak to a man. Now die already. Sorry about that annoying interruption, Miss Rin. Let us finally share the proof of our affection. No need to worry. I will follow after you shortly. Perform, Golden Bugs! Well done! It has been quite some time since my head and shoulders were out in the open, Miss Rin. It's nothing to be so afraid of. Rather than see the women I love grow to be repulsive, I prefer to have them stuffed and keep them close by at all times. Wouldn't you? This one used to be my wife long ago. She was a beauty with a rather strong mind. And this one... That's... Indeed. She was your mother up until two years ago. Those brutes were cruel to the utmost in their recreation with her. I thought it selfish of me... but immediately realized that this is the path people should follow. Do you intend to harm your mother? You attempted to kill me, didn't you, Miss Rin? I am always prepared for that fate. First, however... my final dream is to see you die a beautiful death. Once that happens, I will sever the head of my old love, and by my blade, let mother and child return to the good old days. Then finally, with the help of an acquaintance, I will have both you and me stuffed. Our three souls will then converge. Then I can cherish you completely, even in the eternal realm. I'll say it once more. This is the proof of my ultimate love. If I die... Indeed. Then I, whom you despise, will die as well. You seem to have an understanding. Will you keep your promise? I too am a samurai. Once I've seen you off, I swear it. Father... Mother... Here I come. You! How? With that blood loss... Are you human? It hurts. You surprised me. So I must be human! You taking your own head is selfish enough to begin with. You can't just take someone else's woman because you want to! You perverted ogre! I truly am fated to a life of swinging my sword only out of resentment or grudge! You can at least die so consider yourself lucky! You idiot. -What? -This revenge of yours... Would you really be satisfied committing a double suicide with some underling, eh? Stupid kid... You got caught in his traps. I'm sorry. As long as you get it. More importantly... go grab my leg for me. You need a doctor! It's fine, I won't die. I can't die. Sacred bloodworms? They're the seed of immortality. My parents and their pupils have all died. If you don't inherit it, the Muten Ichi-ryu will fade into non-existence. But we can't spread ourselves too thin worrying about that stuff. After seeing that pervert ogre's skill... The Itto-ryu aren't kidding around. I know... No, now I understand. Besides, you've sold your body to me. Though at the moment you're just a little tenderfoot. I guess in four years you might have gained some worth. Mr. Manji...? Act One – Meeting 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 