Tess of the D'Urbervilles: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles (2008–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 After Alec gives up preaching in order to court Tess and father Darbeyfield is killed by illness, she writes a vicious letter to Angel rejecting him as 'cruel', which he never receives, and starts wandering. By the time he's home and healed, it's hard to find her. When he does, she's 'Alec's creature'. She now commits an irreparable crime which ruins all their lives after a last passionate phase. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We are gathered to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony. His name was Alec D'Urberville. You bore his child! Who's to say you're not more Mrs. D'Urberville than mine? To go blabbing such a thing as that. Goodbye, Tess. I'm going to Brazil as soon as possible. No-one can love you more than Tess. She would have laid down her life for you I could do no more. Ah! Can we help you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Beg pardon. - Excuse me. It's a marriage licence. I'm asking you to marry me. Come to me, Angel, and save me from what threatens me. Know this one thing Tess... I will have you. I don't like it. I don't like it at all. Huett, Lewell, on the wagon with the others. Durbeyfield, up on the platform. Untie the sheaths. No! It's too dangerous! It's not a woman's job. Why can't one of the men do it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Perhaps you'd like to take her place? - Very well, I will. - No, I will. I can do it. I don't mind. If that's what he wants. Get a move on, the pair of you. I want that rick cleared by nightfall. What do you want? I'm here to ask a favour... It's him again. Tess's preacher. Don't look much like a preacher. You can come down now old friend to see you. So, Tess, aren't you pleased to see me? I've been in London, visiting my tailor. Sack-cloth and ashes didn't suit me after all. What do you think? I'm afraid seeing you again rather knocked all the faith out of me. Besides, the paradise you supply is as good as any other. What of morality, Alec? - The religion of love and kindness? - No good I'm afraid. If there really is nobody to say, "thou shalt not" then I can't warm up. I'm not going to be responsible for my deeds and passions if there's nobody to feel responsible to, and if I were you, my dear, I wouldn't either. Which brings me to my proposal. I don't like you working here. It's beneath you and I won't stand for it. I've come to take you away. Now, you say you have a husband already, but I've never seen him, and I don't know his name, and all in all he seems a rather mythological personage. Even if he exists, he is not here to help you. I am. Come with me. You've been the cause of my downfall, you might as well share it, and leave that mule that you call your husband behind. You little f... Go on hit me, strike me, punish me! I won't cry out. Damn it, Tess, have I not told you that I love you? Have I not asked you to be my wife? Remember this. I was your master once. I'll be your master again. If you are any man's wife, you are mine. You best get back to work. Liza-Lu. Liza-Lu! I've been trying to find you all day. I'm so tired. - What is it Liza-Lu? - It's father. - What's wrong? - It's his heart. He wants to see you, Tess. We'll walk through the night, get there before Groby knows we're gone. If you leave here without giving notice, he won't give you a penny. That can't be helped. A whole winter's labour, Tess, all for nothing. If that gentleman comes looking for me, tell him... Tell him my husband has come back. And he will, Tess. Any day now. I know it. Izz... Marian... Tis the fat around his heart. Like so... And when it closes over, like this... That's it. Off he'll go! You were always his favourite, Tess. In spite of everything. Did mother tell you 'bout my scheme for living? I'm sending round to all the antiquarians and asking them to subscribe to a fund to maintain me. They spend money on keeping up old ruins and finding bones and such like. Why not living remains? If people knowed of me, Tess... ..I could be a living monument. What if my John dies, Tess? The lease is in his name, we lose the cottage, the land... He won't die. Something will turn up. I know it will. Liza-Lu, go inside please. Your friends at the farm told me that your that husband had returned. But on investigation that seems not to be the case. What do you want from me now? I've been thinking about your brothers and sisters. Oh, no. If your father doesn't recover, someone will have to look after them. I will! I will look after them. - And I will too. - No, sir! I will not take anything from you, either for them or me. How damn foolish, and selfish too! I have more than enough to put you out of anxiety. I can make your family comfortable, provide a home, an education, if you can just show me some kindness. - I have told you, we will manage! - How? With your husband's help? I have no husband! Please go. My regards to your family. "Angel, why have you treated me so monstrously? "I swear from the bottom of my soul, "I have never in my life intended to do any harm. 'And yet these judgements come and I am punished, "again and again and again. "Well, I do not deserve this. "I have thought it all over and I can never forgive you! "You know that I did not intend to wrong you! "Why have you so wronged me? "You are cruel. Cruel indeed, Angel. "It is only injustice that I have received at your hand. "We are strangers now. Tess." It's that gentleman again. This is very sudden. Father's name was on the lease. We could have stayed there as weekly tenants perhaps, except... - Except? - For me. It seems I am not a proper woman. I have made "queer unions" they say. I'm not pure, and the village must be kept pure! Well, damn their souls! Miserable hypocrites. You are the purest, finest woman I've ever known. But this purity, Tess, it's a hard cross to bear. I wonder if you have the strength? Look, children! Here it is. Our ancestral lands for five hundred years! Kingsbere, Tess. Land of our fathers. We have come home at last. Of all the insults! Of all the disrespect to their elders and betters! What is it, mother? They're gone! Gone? Our lodgings. Let them to another family! Said he didn't even get our letter! - Where shall we go? - I don't know, Tess! I swear, what is the use of you marrying gentlemen, when this is where it leaves us? Here's a welcome to our ancestor's lands! And me, the widow of Sir John Durbeyfield! It's our family vault! We own the freehold, and we shall stay here till the place of our ancestors learns some respect and finds us a roof! Why am I on the wrong side of this gate? Quite a family reunion, isn't it? One kind word, and I can make all this stop. Security, comfort, an education for the children. You have it in your power to save your family. One kind word, Tess. No. I thought you might say that. So I've taken the liberty of speaking to your mother directly. She was very pleased with my offer. The children. The look on their faces, Tess. I'll send my carriage in the morning. You'll be civil to me yet. # Let the water and the blood # From Thy wounded side which flowed # Be of sin the double cure # Save from wrath and make me pure #Any work to have make with my hands # Can fulfil thy law's demands # Could my zeal no respite know... # That is not my son. That is not my Angel, not the one who went away. It seems that in Brazil he contracted yellow fever. Yellow fever! Is it contagious? Angel is lucky to be alive. It appears that the worst is over, though his body has taken a terrible blow which the sea voyage has done much to exacerbate. He must have complete rest and quiet. He asked if there were any letters for him. He was most insistent on the matter. Angel, why have you treated me so monstrously? And I am punished, again and again and again... You know that I did not intend to wrong you... It is only injustice that I have received at your hand... Why have you so wronged me? You are cruel. We are strangers now. And she never asked for any money during my absence? No. Of course she didn't. She's too proud. And you heard nothing from her? Nothing at all. Except... I thought perhaps I saw her once. On New Year's Eve. I remember because it was your wedding anniversary. There was a woman, outside the church. Very beautiful, just as you described. Your brothers spoke to her, a little too harshly I fear. I called after her, but she ran away. She seemed troubled. That was her, that was my Tess. It must have been. There's something else that we must tell you, Angel. We had hoped to wait until you were better, but... This letter arrived a month ago. We hoped it might contain a clue as to your whereabouts so, in our anxiety, we opened it. I'm sorry. "Honoured Sir. "Look to your wife if you do love her as much as she loves you. She is in danger from an enemy in the shape of a friend. Sir, there is one near her who ought to be away. A woman should not be tried beyond her strength, and continual dropping will wear away a stone. "Ay more, a diamond. Signed... From two well-wishers. Two... well-wishers. Angel... I trust you bear no hard feelings about my marriage to Mercy. I know that before your strange union, you two were close. Cuthbert, please, no hard feelings. You deserve each other. Felix. Father. Angel, are you sure that you are well enough? Mother, please, I feel very well. Yes, but, even so, you might wait a little longer. It's been quite long enough as it is. Bring her back to us, Angel. We look forward to meeting her. She's long gone. Snuck away in the middle of the night like a thief. When was this? Back around mid March time. And before the end of her contract, I might add. Good job I've got a kind heart, or I could prosecute her. Well, there must have been a reason. Some yarn about her father being taken ill. You can never tell with her sort. She wrote to me about this place. This farm is a disgrace. You should be ashamed of yourself. Was it to you? I'm her husband. You don't remember me do you? We've had words before, you and I. Best not start in with me again, sir. You mightn't come out of it so well this time. I'd hurry if I were you! I'm looking for a family that lived here. Indeed, how the mighty fallen. It was his dying wish to be buried in his family tomb. Couldn't afford it. Even that headstone's unpaid for. Are you a friend of the family? I know the eldest daughter. Ah. Tess. Do you know what happened to them? Her mother lives in Trantridge, raising chickens I'm told. You might ask there. Thank you, sir. What are you doing here? I'm looking for the Durbeyfield family. Tess? I wondered if... Are you her husband? Yes. Do you know if she is well? I don't, sir. But you should. Where's she staying? I don't know. Do you think she would want me to find her? I don't think so. Mrs. Durbeyfield, you have many reasons to hate me, but be assured, I love your daughter very much, and I believe that she still loves me too, despite all the wrong I've done her. I beg you, please, tell me where she is. I don't know. Are you in need of anything? No, sir. Not now. We are very well provided for. Sandbourne! She's at Sandbourne. Sandbourne. Well, Sandbourne is a large town. Do you have an address? That's all I know. But You'd best hurry, she never stays anywhere long. Thank you, Liza-Lu. - I do hope you find her, sir. - Thank you. I'm looking for a Mrs Clare, a Mrs. Angel Clare? Visitors come and go every day, sir. Without the name of the house... Or Durbeyfield perhaps? Teresa Durbeyfield. Durbeyfield? I'm looking for one of your staff, Miss Teresa Durbeyfield? We have nobody of that name working here, I'm afraid. We have a Mrs. D'Urberville, staying here as a guest. You do? - Tess, can you forgive me? - Too late. Forgive my stupidity and callousness. Don't come near me, keep away from me! Is it my appearance? I've been very ill, but I'm getting better every day. I said keep away! Don't you love me, Tess? Yes, oh, yes, but it is all too late! I waited and waited for you but you did not come. I wrote to you, but still you did not come. He kept on saying that you would never return and then he was kind to mother and Liza-Lu. Don't you see? Don't you understand? He has won me back! I am his creature! He is upstairs... ..in bed, waiting for me. Oh, I hate him, I despise him now because he told me you would not come back. - Oh, my Angel, and here you are! - Tess, this is all my fault. Listen to me! You must go away from here, and never, ever try to find me again, do you understand? It is too late for me now. I am already dead. Goodbye, my love. Who was it, my sweet? Not your wretched mother, I hope. I pay her good money to stay away. Come back to bed! Don't keep me waiting. On second thoughts, go back down and tell that nosy baggage Mr. Brooks that her coffee tastes like horse-piss which at least has the benefit of being warm. Good lord, what's wrong with you now? You lied to me! You used your cruel persuasion and you did not stop using it. You used my little brothers and sisters and my mother's wants and needs and you told me he would not come back! Tess, calm down, woman! You taunted me and said what a simpleton, I was to expect him until... - Be quiet! - ... I finally gave in! And now he is gone a second time and I have lost him now for ever... because of you! Who? Not your husband! Your imaginary husband! He's back is he? Yes, he's back, and he looks as if he is dying, because of you! Mrs. Brooks will hear us! I don't care any more! You have torn my life to pieces, made me a victim, used me again and again! I am in hell! I can't stand it any more! Calm down, woman! You're being hysterical! Come here! Stop it! Mrs. D'Urberville, a word please, if I may? Mr. D'Urberville? I heard a disturbance. Mr. D'Urberville? Angel! Angel! It's finally over, I'm finally free of that man. - What? - I've killed him, Angel. I owed it to you and to myself for what he did to me all those years ago. He can never come between us ever again. Can you forgive me, now that I've murdered him? Come on! Oh, Tess, tell me it isn't true. - It is true. - What happened? I told him that you'd come back. He saw me crying and he laughed at me, taunted me. There was a bread knife. I took it in my hand. I did it. Good God, Tess, have you any sense of what is right and wrong? Yes! That's why I killed him. Angel, you spoke to me like this before. Just before you left me. If you were to desert me again, I don't know what... No. Never again. I will never desert you. Come along. We should head to London. The Channel ports will be too dangerous but in London perhaps we can find passage to France or America even. We have no passports. I have money. My father will send it to me. We can buy our passage. We can bribe someone. - Trust me, Tess. - I do. I'd light a fire, but someone might see. I have slept outside like this many times before. While I was gone? Yes. Tess, I'm so sorry. I don't know what I was... Doesn't matter. You're here now. I kept it. Wait! Just one night, then we move on. It's perfect. We should confine ourselves to one room in case the housekeeper comes calling. Best keep the shutters closed, too. I found these. There seems to be plenty of fresh water. Sometimes I wonder. What? If we had danced that day... ..how happy we might have been. I would have had years more of this heart... - ... this face. - Tess. Is not matter. I am happy now. Now that you've come back to me. It's a fine day. I think perhaps we should head to Bristol. London may be too dangerous. - We must leave eventually. - Why? Why put an end to all this joy? The owners could return at any moment. And when they do we will leave, but until then... Come here, Angel. I know that they will catch me soon. I know that I do not have long to live. - That's not true. - It is. - Don't say it, Tess. We will escape. - Angel. Angel. In two days, we'll be in Bristol, then on to Ireland perhaps. Let's not think of the future. What will come will come. I only want to think of now. One more day. Please? About 50 of us set off from Rio. We were all keen to begin new, independent lives in this new Eden. What did we find? Swamp, as far as the eye could see. Crops wouldn't grow, the animals died... ..food began to run out... ..and then the fever started. I saw mothers... trudging along with infants in their arms and the fever would take the child, and they would dig a hole with their bare hands, bury the child... ..say a prayer... ..and trudge on. I soon caught the fever, too. With the very last of my money, I bribed the local doctor, who took me by cart to the hospital in Rio. And the others? All perished. I too would have perished, but... ..your letter was forwarded to me from the consulate. And I read it. I resolved to live... ..find you... ..to make amends. Not a day went past when I didn't think of you, Tess, how cruelly I had wronged you. Enough now. Rest now. Sleep. Sleep. Angel. Hopefully they'll think we're heading to London, but we'll head west. We'll march through the night if you're able. We should find some shelter for the night... somewhere. Angel... ..do you think that we shall meet again? - After we are dead? - Tess, please. But I do so want to see you again. So much... ..so much. When I am gone... - Tess. - Angel... ..when I am gone, I want you to watch over Liza-Lu for me. This thing I have done will bring hard times on my family and I need to know that you will care for them. - Of course. I swear. - That's not all. Marry her, Angel. Marry Liza-Lu and try to love her if you can. And if you marry her, it will seem as though death has not divided us. Tess, don't ask this of me. It's no use, sir. Please. Let her sleep a moment longer. Have they come for me, Angel? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Everything is as it should be. It couldn't have lasted, Angel. Too much happiness. I am ready. Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trepass against us. Lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, the power and the glory... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 