Belgravia: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Belgravia 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Belgravia (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Who was that chap in the cotton trade? You mean Mr Pope? Who is this man Pope? Where's he come from? And why is Father investing in his business? You're able to get people to put their hands in their pockets. If only I had your gifts. You say Lady Brockenhurst may pay you another visit. Why shouldn't I come with her and see it for myself? You know her well, then? Well, I'm engaged to her nephew. Ah... John Bellasis will be the next... Earl of Brockenhurst, yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It seems, er, I'm in a spot of bother. A thousand pounds? Two days! I won't give it to you. Do you know who I saw today at your uncle's house? Charles Pope. Trenchard's prodigy? How can we find out more about him? I need some information about the Trenchards. And I am led to believe, in certain circumstances, that you might be willing to help. Why don't they clear these people away? Where would they clear them to? I must say, if he has the money, he certainly doesn't spend it on himself. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, he has the money. And he's Polish? Now, well, I would assume so. I cannot think he would be called Emil Tomaszewski for any other reason. Hm. Right, this is it. HE RAPS ON THE DOOR The debt would be honoured, Mr Tomaszewski, I assure you. There's no risk. No? You have no money of your own to speak of. You are heir to your elder brother, but it will probably be your son who inherits. Of course there is a risk. Well, I will repay you, should the need arise. When your uncle dies. And when will that be? You seem to know a lot about us. I knew you were coming here to borrow money and it is my business to be thorough. The loan would be repaid. But when? At the rate of interest I charge, by the time you were in funds, the sum will exceed the national debt. No. Be off with you. You forget to whom you are speaking. I am speaking... ..to a broken-down old bankrupt, who is addicted to a habit which he cannot afford. Please, correct me if I'm wrong. What will you do now? Captain Black might lend it to me. Why should he? Because he's a snob, thank the Lord. Oh. I expect he'll want it back. So I would assume. And then what? Well, that rather depends on what you've discovered in the interim. What, about Aunt Caroline and Mr Pope? Precisely. Hm... Can I have a moment, Miss Ellis? I've had word from Mr Bellasis. He wants to meet you in Mattocks Alley at 11:00. Tonight? How do I know she'll have gone to bed by then? If she hasn't, I'll go instead. And get the tip? I'm sure that won't be necessary, Mr Turton. Let's hope not, Miss Ellis. Why does he need to work with both of us? Wouldn't he be better off with just one? I would guess he needs me to search the master's papers and you to report what the mistress says. I don't know what to tell him! Tell him anything. As long as the information keeps coming, so will the tips. Say you know nothing more and the purse will snap shut. Mrs Trenchard. Mrs Trenchard... Come and sit down. Do you remember Lady Maria Grey? You were at the party, but I don't believe we were introduced. Now... ..how can I help? I was passing the house and I wanted to talk to you about something. But it can wait. I'll go and leave you two alone. No need. Really, it doesn't matter. Lady Maria chanced upon my young prodigy Charles Pope the other day in the square. He must have been coming away from this house. Did you meet him here? Charles Pope? I think I did, yes. We ended up walking across Green Park together. Mama did not approve, but by the time she heard about it, it was too late. He suggested that... ..I might like to visit his office. That was very forward. Well... Well, it might have been my suggestion. But he said nothing to put me off. Then let us go together. Really? But it might be better if it's a sudden impulse to go, rather than a long-held plan. If I have to explain it to Mama... May I join you? Er, of course. If you'd like to. Now... ..what about some tea? Pleasant day, ma'am? Yes, thank you. SHE WINCES You know, they don't seem to be easing at all. Yeah, well, I'm not sure they were made for long walks. Belgrave Square is only round the corner. Hm... That reminds me. I'm going to Bishopsgate in a day or two. Really, ma'am? Why ever would you want to go there? We're calling on a prodigy of Lady Brockenhurst's. You should visit the warehouses in Spitalfields if you want material. You pay half of what you would on Bond Street. That's right. I could get some black bombazine. One must always have wearable mourning in the wardrobe. Mine's very tired. And where are you driving? How should I know, Mama? Lady Brockenhurst just asked me to accompany her on a drive this Thursday. But if you want me to refuse, I will. But it may seem a little odd. No. Go for your drive. I am glad for you to be friendly. Very well. Is John to accompany you? I don't know. I don't think so. Have you seen John lately? Not lately, no. Shall we invite him here for dinner, perhaps? If you'd like to, please do. You're very compose. Am I? There are times where I feel like I have swallowed a furnace. Are you quite well, my dear? Yes, Mother, of course. You seem rather distant. So... ..did Lady Brockenhurst mind your suddenly arriving unannounced? You went to see Lady Brockenhurst? Was her nephew there, by any chance? No. But his fiancee was. His fiancee? Lady Maria Grey. I like her. She was at the supper. She didn't seem very remarkable to me. And did you speak to the countess? We spoke. Good. We'll talk about it later. Very generous, I must say. Mm. There's more where that came from if you do what I ask. I'd be glad to, I'm sure, sir. So, she never mentioned him by name? No, sir. Just that he was a prodigy of her ladyship's. Hm. The question remains, what is the link between Mr Pope and the countess? That's what we have to find out. And when we do... ..I think she'll pay a fortune to keep it secret. A fortune? A fortune. And you can help me get it, Miss Ellis. Together, we can get it... ..with just a little courage. KNOCK ON THE DOOR Yes? Erm, my name is Miss Ellis. I am lady's maid to Mrs James Trenchard. Who? Mrs Trenchard. She came to the supper the other night and she fears she may have left her fan. You'd better speak to Mr Jenkins. Miss Ellis? I understand you're looking for something. My mistress' fan, sir, she thinks she left it here the other night. If I might see her ladyship's maid? I'm afraid nobody's found a fan of any description. Oh. Are you sure? Quite sure. She also asked if I might talk to her ladyship's maid about her hair. Her hair? She wants me to achieve a similar effect. Very well. Jane, fetch Miss Dawson. Yes, Mr Jenkins. Mrs Trenchard thought what you'd done was marvellous. A work of art. How did you get those very fine ringlets in front of the ears? Hm. Well, that is a bit of a secret. I found a small pair of tongs in Paris on a visit there. And I've used it ever since. What will they think of next? SHE CHUCKLES What a beautiful room. Do you like the pictures? They were mainly painted by her ladyship. This is Lymington Park. It's been in the family since 1600. It doesn't look old enough. It's been rebuilt twice. The estate is more than 10,000 acres. How wonderful to work for such a noble family. I envy you. I can't complain. I've had a good life. Who's that? Poor Lord Bellasis, her ladyship's son. He died at Waterloo. He was her only child. The strange thing is, I remember Lord Bellasis. From our time in Brussels, before the battle. Did...you know him? How was that? My mistress loved the party here. She met ever so many nice people. Not everyone gets into this house. She liked one young man very much. Was his name Mr Pope? Oh, yes! A great favourite of her ladyship. A recent favourite, mind you. But he comes here often now. He must be charming. A very handsome man, I've heard. I don't know what that has to do with it. Now, I... ..think it's time for you to leave, Miss Ellis. I'm very busy. And I'm sure you are, too. Of course. How generous you've been, Miss Dawson. Thank you. Never mind all that. Now, come along. I'll take you down. I'm afraid Miss Dawson wasn't really the sort of woman we thought she might be, so she was no use. Hm. You mean, she was loyal to her employer. It appears so, sir. HE CHUCKLES Well, then, tell me more about this visit to Bishopsgate tomorrow. The mistress just said it was to call on a prodigy of her ladyship's, but it must be Mr Pope. Hm. Then I'll beard the lion cub in his den. Do you know the address, sir? I know how to find it. And no-one will suspect you. Well, that's kind, sir. Well, not really. If you were sacked, you'd be of no more use to me. I should have my back to the horses. You both outrank me. SHE CHUCKLES Did you find your fan? What fan? That very pretty Duvelleroy you had at the supper. I noticed how nice it was. Such a shame to lose it. But I haven't lost it. But your maid came yesterday to look for it. So my maid told me. She did? Ellis? How odd. Has she been with you for a long time? Oh, yes, many years. So, you know her very well. Do I? Sometimes, I wonder. Jackson... Ah... This is very good of you, John. Yeah, well, I was looking for my aunt. Well, I should have known you weren't looking for me. You've missed her, I'm afraid. She's paying a call on a young man we've rather taken a shine to. Mr Pope? The chap at the party? The very one. He has an office in Bishopsgate. Oh, how strange. I'm on my way to Bishopsgate now. Do you remember the number, by any chance? Er, 521, I think she said. She's taking Mrs Trenchard, the wife of that builder fella. Though, er... ..why, I could not tell you. LIVELY CHATTER So, why did you take an interest in Mr Pope in the first place? Erm... I don't remember, exactly. But we like to encourage young talent. And we don't have any living children, so we like to help the children of others. He plans a voyage to India. Do you know anything about India? Not much. How I should love to go. All that colour, all that chaos. Have you travelled a lot? Hardly at all. Well, Ireland. We have an estate there. But that's hardly abroad, is it? I should like to visit Florence. Me, too. To see Michelangelo's David and to wander the galleries of the Uffizi. You must be fond of art, Lady Brockenhurst. Mama says you paint beautifully. Do you? Is it so amazing? This is a wonderful surprise! Lady Brockenhurst told me she'd be passing by and I thought I might invite myself to join her. I am happy that you did. We're on our way to a silk merchant's - Nicholson & Company. We couldn't resist the chance to inspect your place of work on the way. What can I offer you? Some tea? Some wine? Mrs Trenchard is the wife of your benefactor. We spoke at your house the other evening. Come into my office. Mr Trenchard has changed my life. Of course, I owe an equal debt to you, Lady Brockenhurst. You have thrown a bridge across the torrent that has kept me from my future. What a lathering. If I didn't know any better I'd think you were trying to sell us some brushes. THEY CHUCKLE Is that a new map of India? It is. The very latest. Such a huge country. Bengal, Punjab, Kashmir... What a wild and romantic place it must be. There are so many different religions and languages. It is a world in itself, really. Oh, to see a tiger in the jungle. When you do, please ensure you're on the back of an elephant. Is that how they travel? They use elephants as we might use carriages. They're clever and biddable, but riding one is like a boat at sea, rocking with every wave. I can imagine. And now you are going there to find your cotton. India must come to dominate the cotton trade, in time. Aren't the plantations in the southern states of America the leading producers now? Maybe. But I will not profit from slavery. Nor do I think it can last. You are full of ideas, Mr Pope. Ideas and principles. Oh, he is. And to have managed all this at such a young age. Did your father not expect you to join the church? He did. But I knew I couldn't spend my life in a pulpit when I began to understand the age we live in. Is it so very thrilling? It is a new world! We have steam engines and railways. We have cast iron and steel. We make glass by new methods, and paper. And we have gas to light the factories while the work is done. We trade around the globe. Our industry is transformed. Wool, silk and, above all, cotton, are all produced in entirely new ways. And when I heard the mill was for sale, I knew it was my destiny. Bravo! Hear, hear. Well said, that man. John! Greetings... ..oh, light of my life. What are you doing here, John? Well, I called on my uncle and he told me where you'd gone and... Well, I was curious to see Mr Pope again. For what reason? Well, so many people have beaten a path to his modest door, I wanted to know why. I may call it modest, sir, without offence, I hope? By all means. I was out riding and I thought I might catch you up. Well, we haven't been here long. You ask why everyone has taken such an interest in my welfare and I can only tell you it's a mystery to me. Hm... Do you remember Mrs Trenchard? Erm... Oh, yes! I'm going down to Epsom on Monday. A cousin has a horse running. I thought you and Lady Templemore might like to accompany me. I'll ask her, of course. But I'm afraid Mama is not fond of racing. Oh. What about you, Pope? Are you a man for the horses? Not too much. No. No, I suppose your head's too full of cotton. Well, it's time for us to leave you to your work. And we ladies have some business of our own. Will you come shopping with us, John? I don't think so, Aunt. I've something I need to attend to. Oh, your mother's asked me to dine. How nice. Yes, I think it will be. Don't you, Mr Pope? I can think of nothing nicer. Ladies... DISTANT DOOR CLOSES DOOR OPENS Am I late? I saw your maid in the hall downstairs. She won't say anything. HE CHUCKLES Hm... I'm getting quite fond of you. Which means you need a favour. HE CHUCKLES That's true. I need you to find out more about Charles Pope. Ah! Not you as well? Everyone is obsessed with that wretched man! He's driving Oliver mad. Mm. Well, Pope seems to have a hold over my aunt. When I called at his office, she was there with your mother-in-law and Maria... Lady Maria Grey? No, you've no need to be jealous. No? Aren't engagements affairs of the heart? Well, this one is an affair of state. So, why did you call at Pope's office? Does he have a hold over you, too? Hm. I want to know why they've all chosen to favour him. Instead of you? I'm not joking. Can we have dinner? I could easily invent an excuse. I'm dining with my mother. Very dutiful. HE SCOFFS So... ..what is this favour? When they next go to their country place, I want you to go with them. What, go to Glanville? Go to Glanville. But it takes forever to get there and it's such a bore when you do. She knows something about Pope that she's not telling. SHE SIGHS Go for walks together. Sit up with her at night. Give her your time and attention And then you'll find out what it is. All right. If I must. But I may need some more persuading. Oh? Turton. How was your journey? Long, madam. Whom have you brought with you? Just Morris the footman. The others have been taken on locally. Oh, Hooper, how nice to see you. Dear, won't you come inside? You must be tired. I want to hear what's happened in the gardens while we've been away. Besides, Agnes needs a walk. Don't wear yourself out. Oh! Ah... It's good to be back. Is it? Why did she have to buy somewhere so far from London? Well, she fell in love with the house and, er... ..it's a good life here, even if you refuse to see it. What is there to do? Apart from eating like pigs and taking deadly walks for hours on end. Then why did you agree to come? I'm going in before I freeze to death. HE SCOFFS I hope Speer can manage downstairs with the yokels. Well, I've had to dress myself for the last three days, so don't look for sympathy from me. Gracious me, Miss Speer! We don't often see you here. It's true, Mrs Rust. I'm a creature more suited to London, me. I'm Stan, Mr Turton. I've been taken on as second footman. Have you, by all that's holy. I'll do whatever you ask of me. If you are able to, Stanley. If it is within your powers. Now, go and sort the luggage. Miss Ellis... Have you everything you want? I have very little that I want, Mr Turton. But that is the life I was born to. Here we go. And there won't be a smile out of them for a fortnight. You will look after me... ..by marrying John Bellasis. That is all I ask. I am not sure how much I like him or whether he likes me. Fiddle-faddle! A young couple must learn to like each other. I didn't know your father when I married him. How would I, when we were never allowed to meet unchaperoned before the engagement? Even then, we might sit on a sofa, but never out of earshot of my companion. No young girl of our kind knows her husband before she marries him. And is your marriage to dear Papa to be the model that encourages me to accept a future with John? But you have already accepted him. I know. Isn't it strange? Sometimes, I try to remember the scene, but my memory has blotted it out entirely. Are you trying to say you've changed your mind? I suppose I would not be the first woman to do so. You won't throw away a great position. I won't let you. I am your mother... ..and I forbid it. I think he's taken a bad fall this time. Has he said anything to you? No. Because he gambles, he can't stop. I've always known that. But before, he kept within certain limits. That's what's changed. He'll have everything under control, I promise you. There's nothing left to sell. A few bits of silver, but I've hidden those. Oh? Where? On top of the wardrobe, in my room. Hm. But you mustn't tell him. I won't. You would tell me, wouldn't you, if you knew any more about it? Of course I would, Mother. I went for a walk before dinner. Have they done something with old Parker's farm since he died? We thought we should tidy it up a bit before we find a new tenant. Hm. You'll never guess who I saw in Piccadilly the other day. I won't try. Mr Bellasis. Lord Brockenhurst's nephew? That's right. I was walking along with Speer, on my way to my glove-maker, and he suddenly appeared. Fancy that. He said he'd seen you and his aunt at Mr Pope's offices in the city. What? Oh... Have I said something I shouldn't? Of course not. Mr Trenchard has taken an interest in this young man. And so, when Lady Brockenhurst suggested we pay him a call, I agreed. I was curious. OLIVER SCOFFS Not half so curious as I am. When my dear father takes twice the interest in Mr Pope that he does in our own work at Cubitt Town. Mr Pope's business plans are sensible and I expect to make money. I invest in many different areas, as you know. And, er, do you take all the managers of these businesses out to lunch at your club? I like and admire Mr Pope. I wish you could boast half his industry. OLIVER SCOFFS Don't worry, Father. I'm well aware Mr Pope has all the virtues you find lacking in your own child! You look like an itinerant preacher at a country fair. I will not put up with this! I will not! Turton, have my dinner brought up to my room. I'd rather not stay here and disappoint my father. DOOR SLAMS Do as Mr Oliver says. Please, ask Mrs Rust to make up a tray. I know you're awake. And if I am? Why did you visit Charles' office? Lady Brockenhurst was going and... ..I thought I'd better accompany her, in case she said something inappropriate. I do wish Susan could enjoy Glanville. I think Oliver does, too, but you can only lead a horse to water. Oliver's spoiled. He wants it all on a silver platter. Does he know what he comes from? My father working like a navvy in the markets. Me slaving on building sites in every kind of weather. But that's what you come from. It's not what he comes from. Sophia would have understood. Apparently, you pick up the ball and run with it. It seems a scrappy, violent game. Not according to the great Dr Arnold. They play nothing else at Rugby these days. You should ask... Whom should I ask? I was going to say Charles Pope, but I don't want to get on to that subject again. So, he was at Rugby under Dr Arnold. How do you know? Your father told me. And where else did Mr Pope conduct his studies? At Oxford, Lincoln College. After that? But it will only make you angry. Well, just tell me. I'm interested. It's going to rain. Shall we go in? Agnes hates the rain. Really? All dachshunds hate rain. What is Pope's hold over Papa? Your imagination's weaving wonders. And Lady Brockenhurst, how has he brought her round? What is the secret you're not telling me? Lady Brockenhurst is... ..her own woman. I do not like her much, that I will say. Anyway... ..don't spoil things, Oliver. You seem so well when you're here. I'm almost sorry we have to take you back. You're right. I do feel well at Glanville. But I cannot separate from Susan and she does not agree. She seems distracted. Why is that? She's bored, that's all. She's dying to get home to London. AGNES YAPS Thank heavens you're still here! I thought you would have given up and gone. It was much harder to escape Ryan than I thought. You've come alone? Of course. I can't trust Ryan. She reports every move I make. You are so lucky to have been born a man. I'm rather glad you weren't born a man. SHE CHUCKLES Perhaps. And I am proud of myself today. I lost my maid and hailed a cab for the first time in my life. But what good can come of it, at least, for you? You've taken a great risk. Don't you admire people who take great risks, Mr Pope? I would not admire a man who allowed his beloved to sacrifice her reputation. Because I'm engaged? Yes. You are engaged. But even if you weren't, I'm not the sort of man Lady Templemore would ever condone as a suitor for your hand. And are you a suitor for my hand? Lady Maria... ..I would fight dragons, I would walk over flaming coals, I would enter the Valley of the Dead if I thought I might have a chance of winning your heart. Heavens. We seem to have covered quite a distance in a few short sentences. Please, call me Maria. I can't. I have told you the truth because I believe you deserve the truth. But I do not think we have the power to make it happen. Even supposing you should want to. I do want to make it happen, Mr Pope. Charles. Be easy in that. Is that your mother? Ryan must have gone home and told her I'd given her the slip. I suppose she heard where I directed the cab. You must go, now. I can't leave you to take the blame. Why not? The blame is mine. And don't worry, she won't eat me. But now is not the right moment for you to be introduced as my lover. You know I'm right. So... Go. Who is that man? He was lost. He needed to find the Queen's Gate. As Saint Paul wrote to Saint Timothy, "the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. "Some people, eager for money, have... "..wandered from the faith... "..and... "..pierced themselves with many griefs." I leave you with that thought. Be neither envious nor greedy, but be content with the life the Lord has given. Work hard and you will sleep the sleep... ..of the just. Take and eat this in remembrance that Christ died for thee and feed on him in thine heart by faith with thanksgiving. Amen. Take and eat this in remembrance that Christ died for thee and feed on him in thine heart by faith with thanksgiving. Amen. Balderdash. Take and eat this in remembrance that Christ died for thee and feed on him in thine heart by faith with thanksgiving. Amen. How did you know I was giving the sermon? A little bird told me. Why did you? My wretched curate, Mr Barnsley, is ill again. I should dismiss him. One service a year does not seem too exacting. Did you write it? No! Barnsley did. Next time, you should read it beforehand. It'll make you look less foolish. We were wondering if there was another reason why you came down here to Hampshire. Meaning? You dare not show your face in London. If that were the reason, you are the cause of it. I've got something for you. What? It's not enough to pay them off, but it's enough to keep them quiet for a while. Let it not be said that the brother of the Earl of Brockenhurst cannot walk down Bond Street without fear of debtors' prison. You won't be sorry. I'm sorry now. Mend your ways, Stephen. Mend your ways. By the way, ma'am, I've torn some new rags for when you need them. It's not my time, is it? It is, madam. In fact, it was a few days ago. I'm surprised you haven't asked for them before now. But I can't be. I'm not able to be. Can you get Mr Oliver to do the business? If so, I shouldn't waste any time. Oh, I doubt it. Not in his present mood. Surely, I can't be. Then, if you can't be, you won't be. God... I hope Speer enjoys it here a little more than you do, my dear. What part of Ireland is she from? Belfast, I'm afraid. She's a city girl, like me. I wish I could open your eyes. You could have such wonderful times. What would I do about Speer? You can always get another maid. But you'll never find another house like Glanville. How is Oliver? I haven't seen him. I hope we don't have another evening ahead of his raging against Mr Pope. He's jealous. It must be hard, when your father prefers to do business with a stranger, rather than his own son. It's not about business. And he isn't a stra... James was fond of Mr Pope's father. Of course. Maria, will you play for us? We have deprived John of his port, so he deserves some consolation. HE CHUCKLES Rest easy on that score. I'd always rather join the ladies. If you will excuse me, I want to thank Mrs Shaw for our dinner. Oh! Maria... ..perhaps you'd like to play. Hm THEY BOTH CLEAR THEIR THROATS Your mother has contrived that we should be, erm... ..left to our own devices. You don't seem very anxious to be alone with me. I might say the same. SHE STARTS TO PLAY Did I tell you my uncle is very pleased by the news of our engagement? That's kind of him. Yes. He prefers that I choose birth over fortune. And are you pleased, John? That is what I cannot fathom. HE HALF-CHUCKLES Well, my parents are glad. So is your mother. And we must all marry someone, I suppose. I see. Oh, I dare say we'll do well enough. Why shouldn't we? We want the same things. Such as? HE CHUCKLES Well, a proper place in society... ..where we may do as we like. You need to have no fear about that. When my uncle dies, we will be king and queen... ..of all we survey. SHE CONTINUES TO PLAY Princess Feodora of Leiningen she was called. The queen's half-sister by her mother's first marriage. Now, they pushed her into the arms of a German princeling in the end. That was Sir John Conroy's doing. He wanted her out of the way. When, if they'd only waited, she could have been a queen herself. You talk about them as if you knew them, Miss Ellis. As if they were... Well, like you or me. And so they are, Stanley! Just like you and me and don't you ever think any different! Now, that's fighting talk, Miss Ellis. I'm ready for a fight, Mrs Rust, if you're asking me to say I'm not as good as anyone upstairs. Or in the palace, for that matter. You'll worry the young ones if you're not careful. I'm not worried. I'm inspired. Mm. That's what I was afraid of. Mr Turton. I suppose we should let Mr Bellasis know when we get back to London. Have you got something for him? Not yet. I want to be sure he'll pay enough before I take any big risks. Well, I wouldn't worry too much. They'd never let us go. They wouldn't manage without us. Well, she couldn't manage without me. We have history. And I'm too valuable. That's not what the mistress was saying to Mrs Oliver as they walked along the hallway earlier. What did she say? "You can always find another maid." Those were her words. So, what is your value now, Miss Ellis? So, how was it? Draining? As draining as death. HE LAUGHS So, tell me what you learned. Well, you were right. Charles Pope is very important to Mr Trenchard. Yes, I know that. I want to know why. He talks about Mr Pope's business, which infuriates Oliver. Ah... But then my mother-in-law said... What? She wasn't thinking and she let it slip that it's not about business and Mr Pope is not a stranger. Make of that what you will. Hm... Where does Lady Brockenhurst fit into all this? What's the matter? You look preoccupied. Do I? It's nothing. You know this would be very serious for me, sir, if it came out. They won't hang you. They've abolished the bloody Code. Or hadn't you heard? They won't hang me, no. But they would put me in prison. Petty treason by a servant against their master is still a serious crime. Hm. I'd have to borrow his keys, if I'm to get into his private desk. Have you searched his office? The answer won't be there. They may work together, but the secret... ..lies in the history of them both. I know it. Search the letters he's kept. Look for any mention of the names Charles or Pope. No matter how old. The older the better. It'll cost you. I know. £20 at least. Well, that's a bit steep. It's the price. Can you get it? Because I'm not breaking the law for pennies. Yes, I can get it. HE SIGHS DOORBELL RINGS DOOR CLOSES Ah! Mother not here? She's at a committee meeting. Oh? How was Lymington? I thought you were going to stay for longer. Oh, it was bloody. Barnsley was ill. I had to take the service on Sunday. And give the sermon. HE LAUGHS I'd pay to see that. Your uncle and aunt were there, making the most of my humiliation. Mm. And they still won't give you a penny towards the debt? Have you got Schmitt off your back? Yes. In the end, Captain Black lent me the money. But he wants it back. Well, what did you think would happen? Oh, if I could just have some luck. One good hand is all I need. You are incorrigible. Do you think I should try the lenders again? No, you're a bad bet and they won't take it. It's time we approached Aunt Caroline. Do you think so? You surprise me. I thought you'd given up on that. Well, we'll see. I have a man on the case, as they say. Do you mean you're still looking into Mr Pope? I am. And I may have solved Trenchard's role in the story, but... ..not Aunt Caroline's. If Peregrine would only pay up, we wouldn't be in this situation. If you hadn't gambled with money you do not have, my dear father, we wouldn't be in this situation. And anyway, we're not in any situation. You are in the situation. You have to help me. It... DOOR OPENS John! How lovely! HE CHUCKLES We've hardly seen anything of you this summer. Will you stay for luncheon? Oh, no, I don't think I can. Oh, how was your meeting? Mm... Disheartening. We spent most of the morning talking about black Monday. Oh, what's that? The day the rent is due. Hm. I was wondering if you have any news? HE CHUCKLES What sort of news? Well, not to put too fine a point on it, we don't understand the delay in announcing the engagement. I don't know anything about that. You should ask Lady Templemore. Yep. Are you going so soon? Yes, I'm afraid so. I just need to fetch some clothes from upstairs. But, erm... Yes, then I must be off. Do you need a suitcase? Oh, no, no. No, I have one up there. You're being ridiculous! The thing is settled! You are ridiculous to pretend that I will marry John Bellasis, when you know very well I will not! I hope you're not suggesting you've met someone else, someone who is not known to me, whom you prefer? I'm just saying that I won't marry John Bellasis. That is enough for now. How dare you disobey me! I won't let you throw away your chance. I'd be a bad mother if I allowed it! And how will you stop me? You'll find out. Thank you, Mama. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 