Tucker's Witch: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tucker's Witch 
 s1e3 - The Corpse Who Knew Too Much - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tucker's Witch (1982–1983): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Corpse Who Knew Too Much - full transcript 
 After an attempt on her husband's life, Debbie Shears leads Rick and Amanda on an investigation that reveals Debbie's husband has an entirely different life than previously known. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Come on in, the door's open. - What a day. - Good morning. - Oh, good morning, what a day. - Good morning, Mother. - Good morning. - What's the news? - It's lousy, the Angels cost me 10 bucks against Toronto. - Oh terrific, is the toast ready yet? - Ready. - Thank you, wonder witch. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - It was really nothing. - Oh, the bluejays are fantastic. - Oh, two unearned runs in the ninth, big deal. - I mean the birds. They are battling the sparrows over food. - They get mean when they're hungry. - Lucky I'm a light sleeper. - And uh, your wife at this time? - She was in the shower. It, it was so unreal. I, I step into the kitchen doorway, and this milkman points a gun at me. - Show me where he was. - I just don't understand why anyone would want to hurt us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - At least your safe, you know? - Mrs. Shears, your husband's going to have to come on downtown. - Um. - It's okay, I'll go with you. - I don't understand any of this, Larry. - I found some cereal. - Terrific, Tucker, with that vital piece of detection, we can wrap up our investigation. What uh, what can you tell me about your neighbor? - He's a quiet guy, doesn't say much. - He gets his point across. Oh uh, my men aren't getting in your way, are they? - Oh no, they've been perfect gentlemen. - Oh, good, good. I'll put nice, little notes in their files. Go on, get outta here, will ya? - Honey, I'm gonna stay with Debbie. She's pretty shaken up. - Okay, I'll go protect the interest of Casualty Life, and watch that bozo with the phony back brace. See ya. - Well, we have no ID on the milkman yet. Are you sure you never saw him before? - I'm sure. - Mr. Shears, can you think of any reason why somebody would want to kill you? - Like I told you, Lieutenant, I have no idea. - Your average citizen, right? I mean, you're a regular guy, a wife, a job, with a nine millimeter automatic in the night table. - Oh, thanks for being here, Amanda. - Ah, don't mention it. - You're about the only friend I have. Well, you know, we don't go out much. - Hey, you're not supposed to, you're newlyweds. - No, it's not like that. Did you ever have the feeling that something's wrong, only you can't really figure out what it is? - Daily, what's bothering you? - I'm not sure. It's just that lately Larry's, he's been so distant. - Well, have you talked to him about it? - I can't get through to him. Oh, Amanda, I am really scared. I feel like my marriage is ending, and it hasn't even started. Oh, honey. - It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's all right. Listen, wait here a minute. I'm gonna call the office, okay? - Okay. - Um, I'll be right back. I'm just gonna get a quick drink of water, okay? - Yeah. - Mr. George, Larry Shears, I'm at the police station. - Are you in trouble? - No trouble, I nearly got killed this morning is all. - What happened? - What happened is I blew some guy away, and now I got the cops and these two private detectives nosing around. - Don't worry, we'll take care of it. I can be there in 10 minutes. - You've been taking care of it. That's why I'm worried. Deb, I have to go to the office. - What honey, you nearly got killed, and you're going into work? - I'm sorry, hon, I have to, it's an audit. Look, look, we'll talk later, I promise, all right? I'll be home early. Okay? - Yeah. - Thanks for all your help, Amanda. - Don't mention it. - I spent a whole day at the beach watching that bozo with the phony back brace, and all he did was lay there like a lizard on a rock, it's frustrating. - Watching him or all those bikinis? - Oh, who has time for that? I was working. - Oh, yeah, well, I hate to see you frustrated. - Mm. - You know, I'm worried about Debbie. She's afraid she's losing Larry. - Hmm, oh, she almost lost him for good today. - I know. - Is Debbie a good housekeeper? - You could eat off her floor. - Yeah, if you like cereal. - Hmm? - Ah. - Well, the whole thing over there was weird. I think Larry is lying through his teeth. - Is that another one of your flashes? Honey, it's none of our business. - Right, you're right, it's none of our business. He sure did act weird at the police station though. - You know what gets me? - What? - I don't see how he could've shot that milkman from the doorway. - Look, let's forget it. The police have it. - Yeah. Maybe we oughta stop over there tomorrow. - Just to say hello. - Yeah. - When I do this, what do you think of? - My shirts, did you remember to pick up my shirts? - No, I was too busy. - Gee, now I have nothing to wear. - Perfect. - I knew there was something strange about that milkman. The truck usually stops at our house first. - Sounds like he knew right where he was going. - Hello. - Exactly. - Debbie, what's wrong? We'll be right over. Larry never came home last night. - Bye, Ellen. Larry Shears, please. - He's away from his desk. - Ask for Mr. George. - Who is Mr. George? Ah, yeah, may I speak to Mr. George, please? - Ah, Mr. George is away from his desk also. - Mr. George is out. Do I care that Mr. George is out? - I have a feeling you will later. - Uh, no, uh, no message. Debbie, what do you know about Amalgamated Leasing? - Ah, they lease office equipment. Larry doesn't talk about it much. He hardly ever even goes to work. Well, he's a tax consultant on retainer. - Why do I keep coming back to this receipt? Flowers for Doris Lancaster? - She was a friend of Larry's. She worked in the Dallas office I think. He sent her flowers when she died in a car crash. - Where is Larry's office? - I have it written down somewhere. I never went there. Actually, I never had any reason to go. - I'm gonna go check the other rooms. - Debbie, help me out a little bit. Tell me about Larry. - Oh, he was born in Oxnard. Kind of a rough childhood. He was a loner. We were alike like that. You won't believe this and don't laugh. - I won't. - Okay, but we met at a miniature golf course in Encino. We did, we did. - You said that he's been kind of distant lately. Is there anything troubling him that you can think of? - Well, he didn't sleep very well, but then he never did. - What is this? - Oh, it's Larry's gate pass. I guess you'll need that if you're gonna check out his office. - Does a church steeple mean anything to you? - No, we were married in a courthouse. - Come on. - Everything's shipshape. - Oh, I wish it was. I haven't felt like cleaning much at all. - Oh hey, don't worry. We'll check out the office and call you later, okay? - Okay, Rick, I'd like to pay you for your trouble. - Uh, oh, it's no trouble at all. That's what neighbors are for. I just found a cereal box with two bullet holes in it. I think I better pass the word on to Fisk. - Do you think Larry lied to the police about the shooting? - Maybe, maybe he knew the milkman was coming, and maybe he shot the milkman through the cereal box. - Or maybe he just hated that brand of cereal. You know, there's something else. When I touched that card, I got a flash of an old steeple in a cemetery. - Oh, swell, that's all they need. - There's more, I saw a tombstone. It had Larry's name on it. - Terrific, that's a real cheerful intuition you got going there. - You know, I think we should drive to Oxnard. - Oxnard? - To see if there's anyone left who remembers Larry. I really think he's leading a double life. - Honey, let's just investigate one life at a time, all right? I think we're gonna find some leads at Amalgamated Leasing. - Don't count on it. - Why? - We're here. - Hello, hello! - It's uh, it's a deadbolt. I have trouble with deadbolts. The office. - Well, whoever it is that's in there knows we're here. - Whoever it is that's in there is as frightened as we are. - We, we're not frightened. - Then why are you skulking along the wall? - Practice, I skulk to stay in shape. - Yeah. Rick, maybe it's Larry? Larry, Larry, it's Rick and Amanda. - Maybe it's not Larry. - Okay, kick it in. Well, I'll have Marcia check out the building. At least we have something to go on. - Right. We got a guy we can't find who works for a company that doesn't exist. - Where to now? - I got a few questions for a dead man. Thank you, Lieutenant. Fisk just got a report on this milkman. - Yeah? - His name is Tony the Ferret Landis. He's a hitman for the mob out of Miami. - The mob? - Yeah. - Great, there goes the neighborhood. - Yo, Stucky. - Hi, Rick. - Oh uh, Stucky, this is my wife, Amanda, Stucky. - How do you do? - Where's the 10 bucks you owe me from Toronto? - Oh, the patron saint of patience, huh? Stucky, you got anything on that John Doe milkman? - Um, preliminary autopsy. Uh uh, three bucks a copy. You know the rules. - Stucky, I don't want it framed. I just wanna look at it, thanks. - What does it say. - It says here Larry is a hell of a shot. Stucky, can I see the body? I wanna check the angle of entry. - Yeah, come on. Who do you like this weekend, the Angels or Boston? - Boston. - Angels, did you get a flash? - No, my mom's from Boston. - Would you like a beer? Soda, egg salad, I got a very good deal on egg salad. - Stucky, the milkman. - All right. Here's your boy, number 34. - Debbie? Debbie, Debbie, are you home? It's me, Amanda. Debbie? Debbie? - Amanda. - Hi, Debbie, I was looking for you. - How did you get in? - The door was open. - Oh, I was sure I locked it. Isn't Rick with you? - Ah no, he's checking on an insurance claim. - So uh, what did you guys find out? - Well, Larry's office is gone. The building was totally empty, and the guy who was posing as a milkman is a hitman for the mob. I know. - No. - Come on, we'll sit down. Look, we haven't given up and neither should you, okay? Rick's looking into Larry's background right now. We've got Marcia tracking down every lead we can think of, but we need your help. If there's anything else, anything you can remember Larry saying about his work. - I was getting worried about you. You know, that Tucker woman can be trouble. - If she gets in the way, Sturgis, we'll take care of her. How's the reception? - It's weak. - You know how you've been saying that he's so distant lately? - Uh huh. - I can not help feeling it has something to do with Doris Lancaster. Does that make any sense to you? - I don't know. I keep wondering that myself. After she died, Larry couldn't sleep at all. Maybe she was an old girlfriend, or maybe not so old. Amanda, do you think Larry's still alive? - Don't worry, we're gonna find him. It's okay, I see it, baby, I see it. How can we be sure this is Larry Shear's mother? - We can't, but her name matches the name on the birth certificate. - She may not wanna talk to us. - Relax, parents love me, they trust me. - Mother didn't trust you. She said you were after only one thing. - I got it too. - Yes. - Mrs. Shears, Mrs. Leona Shears? - That's right, who are you? - I'm a friend of your son, Mrs. Shears, Larry. - Is this some kind of a joke? Get out of here, get out! - Maybe it was the wrong Mrs. Shears. - The wrong Leona Shears, no, no way. - Rick, look, the steeple, stop! It's just like the one I imagined. - Well great, we've got plenty of time to check out your visions, why not? - Rick, I found Larry. - Guess who's over there? Doris Lancaster, the other woman who got killed in Dallas. - The one that he sent flowers to. - Yeah, only he was a little late. She died in 1950. - The warehouse is a dead end. Amalgamated Leasing rents it. They pay on time and they pay by mail. - They also like to hire people who've been dead for 30 years. - Yeah, I heard of hiring the handicapped, but this is ridiculous. - Did you get anything else on Shears? What about that degree from Arizona? - They never heard of him. So now, if Larry really isn't Larry, who is he, and why is the mob after him? - Maybe he double-crossed the mob. Maybe he's part of a big international gambling cartel, then he took the money and ran. He might even have a bank account in Switzerland. - Where do you get this stuff. Does it come out of your head, or is it all those late night movies or what? What about the corporation papers? - Zippo. - They used to shoot people that delivered news like that. God, I never seen so many clues that add up to nothing. Tucker and Tucker. Yeah, Pee Wee, that's great. I'll be right there. You know the guy with the phony back brace? Well, he just left his house with a tennis racket. - Who's Pee Wee? - Pee Wee's the kid I got watching the house. - You got a kid for a snitch? - Yeah, it's great. Five bucks a day, and he guards my wheels while I'm in the neighborhood, bye. - Ah, the van you asked about, it's another dead end. Plates registered to Amalgamated. - Great, great. - Hello? - Debbie. - Larry, where are you? Are you all right? - I'm fine, I'm uh, I'm in a motel. - I wanna see you. - No, it's, it's too dangerous. - I don't care. Larry, I have to know what's going on. - All right, listen, remember where we met? - Yeah. - I'll be across from the windmill. - Okay, I can be there in an hour. Larry, I love you. - I love you too, baby. - Okay. - Well, now all we have to do is wait for her to lead us to Shears. - That won't be necessary, Sturgis. I'll take it from here. - Mother! - Yes? - Oh, the poor thing. It's not dying, is it? - No, it's drunk. - Drunk? - Hmm, he gorged himself on old apricots. You know the ones beginning to ferment? Then he got drunk and fell out of the tree. Don't laugh, it's very serious. He could be eaten. The canyon is full of drunk bluejays, yes, yes. I just try to keep them safe until they can fly. - Do you give them little ice packs too? - Oh. That looks like Debbie. - She looks like she's in trouble. See you later. - Be careful. - It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. - Oh God, Larry. - It's all right. - Oh Larry, I was so worried. Larry, what's wrong? - It's all right, I got involved with the wrong people. - Debbie and Larry, run! - Amanda! - At least I saw him, Rick. Boy, I got a real good look at him too. - He must've been from the mob. You could've been killed. - I know, I was there. - You never should've gone there alone. - There was no time to call you. I knew the van following Debbie was a phony, and I couldn't risk losing them. It was a judgment call. - Exactly, and all I'm saying is you used poor judgment. - Since when is your judgment so infallible? Rick, we've been over this a hundred times. We share the work. We share the danger. - You're right, you're right. I do trust you. I also happen to love you and I worry about you. I'm an old-fashioned guy, it's dumb. - No, it isn't. - I hate problems. - It won't happen again. I, I promise, Mr. Harmony. - My friend, I am not paying you a hundred thousand dollars for promises. I'm paying you for results. - You'll get your money's worth. I took care of that Lancaster woman. - I know, that's why you're getting a chance to redeem yourself, but if you fail this time, our personnel director is personally gonna fire you, right, Mr. Carter? Do we understand each other? - Hi, hon. - Hi. - Hmm, want some apple? - Oh no, thanks, I'm fine. - Mm, great. - Ooh, somebody wanna tell me about this bird? - Oh uh, that's uh, uh, a bluejay. He's very-- - Sick, very sick. - Drunk. - Drunk? - On apricots. - Old apricots. - Right, sure. - Really. - It's true, it's true, hello. Oh yeah, Marcia, go ahead. Okay, thanks. She traced Amalgamated's number. - Yeah. - Not to the warehouse at all. To this address in Westwood. - Let's check it out, bye, Ellen. - Bye. - Bye, Mom. Amalgamated Leasing here? In the Federal Building. - Well, I'm surprised it's not a phone booth. It looks like Shears is working with the Feds. Now the question is which Feds. - Maybe it's the FBI. - Sure, the CIA or the IRS, the Federal Marshals. Could even be the Post Office. It could be any one of a dozen other agencies. - Hello? We'll be right over, thank you. We're due at the morgue. - So, you found the milkman, huh, Fisk? - Very funny. - Hi, Stuck. - I uh, I got the guy who's been after your client. Stucky, would you open 38? - You're sure this guy's really in here, huh, Stucky? I mean he didn't take a walk too, did he? - Oh, he's here all right, see for yourself. - What did you do, bolt him to the slab? - He was stabbed to death, there. - Know him? - Rick, that's the man I saw in the van watching Debbie. - What is he, another wiseguy from the syndicate? - Very close, his name is Sturgis. He's with the FBI. - What? - Where did you find him? - In a ditch with your clients address on him, and a gun with a silencer. Ballistics is trying to match it to a bullet we dug out at the miniature golf course. - But this man was not at the golf course, and the gun that I heard go off definitely had no silencer. - Real good, Fisk, I uh, I think you're getting closer. Stucky, try no to lose this one, huh? - Diane Lanksterbeck. - Who's Diane Lanksterbeck? - Doris Lancaster. - Ah! - She testified in a trial against Sal Harmony in New Jersey. That's Harmony now and a man who does not appear to be his best friend. - That's Larry, you found Larry. - Rick, you were right. I checked and Doris's body was shipped to a mortuary in New Jersey. - And there were no Lancaster's at the funeral. - You got it, lots of Lanksterbeck's though. - Where did you find that tape? - I contacted one of the relatives from the guest list. They filled me in on the trial. - That's great, what do you think, huh? Let's go, it's time to make a federal case out of this. - See ya. - Yeah. - Larry Shears and Miss Lancaster were the key witnesses in an FBI investigation of organized crime. Actually, they were are big guns in the Sal Harmony trial. - So in return for their cooperation, Doris is dead and Larry's running for his life? - Well, as protected witness they were given new identities. Doris Lancaster went to live in Dallas. Larry came to L.A. - Great protection and the mob obviously found them anyway. - Yes, send him in. You were right. There was a problem, but with Sturgis dead, we plugged the leak in the program. Now we've gotta find Mr. Shears in order to give him a new identity and guarantee his safety. We need your help. Ah, this is the man in charge of the internal investigation. Rick and Amanda Tucker, Mr. George Fowler. - Hi, welcome aboard. - It's you. - I believe we're already acquainted. We share a passion for miniature golf. - Excuse me, Mr. Fowler, but you did try to kill me, didn't you? - What? - Things are not always what they seem, Mrs. Tucker. I have a meeting, but Mr. Fowler does have an explanation. - Won't you sit down? - Just wait a minute. - Do you mind if I do? You saw me all right, but you missed seeing Agent Sturgis behind the Shears ready to kill them. - But why did you shoot at me? - I'm sorry about that, but I honestly thought you were an accomplice sent by Sturgis. - How did you happen to show up at the miniature golf course? - I knew someone on the inside was responsible for leaking information about protected witnesses. I suspected Agent Sturgis for some time. - Well, we just saw your prime suspect on a slab at the morgue. - You are thorough, aren't you? - Then who killed Sturgis? - My guess is the syndicate. - Oh, they probably knew you were on to them. - That's the way I figure it. It's uh, it's also why I shut down Amalgamated Leasing. - But Sturgis never fired a shot. I'd have heard it. - He used a silencer. - Had to, a pro wouldn't take any chances. - All right, then who took the milkman's body? - Um, I did. I had no choice. You see, I just couldn't leave an assassins body lying around, waiting to be identified. - Someone might ask too many questions. - Someone did anyway. Good work. - Amanda, it makes sense to me. - I guess. - No doubt, Sturgis will be replaced, but I can't protect Larry Shears unless I can find him. For that I need your help. - That's fair enough. Larry's safety is all we care about. - Great, I knew I could count on you two. - I don't know. I mean maybe I'm crazy, but I could've sworn he was trying to kill me. - He was, Fowler's the murderer. He was lying through his teeth. - Well then, what were you doing up there? - When you were at the golf course, you didn't aim a gun at Fowler, did you? - No. - Uh huh, so what's his problem. He's a pro, he would've ignored you. He would've nailed Sturgis if Sturgis was really at the golf course. He knew you weren't an accomplice. - Oh Rick, let's nail him. - Hold it, hold it, hold it, honey. Knowing he's a murderer and proving it are two different things. We're playing with the big kids here, huh, the FBI. - I wonder if Fowler bought our act. - I wouldn't bet my life on it. This watch is broken. The crystal's shattered. It stopped at 4:15. - You know, I've been doing this a long time. I actually noticed that, but it isn't enough to fix the time of death. - What did the coroner's report say? - Autopsy said he died between four and five o'clock. - What time was the shootout at the golf course? - A little after six. Sturgis could not have been at the golf course. - Not unless he can play in pain. - You are a lovely, lovely man. - It is such a relief to know that Larry's not a criminal. - Criminal, he's a hero. Took guts to testify against the mob. Now, have you thought where you'd like to live next? - Oh, no, I, I don't care as long as I'm with Larry. - You do realize it means a whole new identity as well, and that means that you won't be able to call your family, friends, anyone. - Mr. Fowler, will we ever really be safe? - Of course, you'll be safe and free for the rest of your lives. - Hello? - Deb. - Larry, oh, Larry, thank God. Are you okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. - Larry, listen, it's safe. They got the man who tried to kill you. It was a federal agent. - Are you sure? - I'm sure, Larry, we can start a whole new life. It's all set. Larry, Larry, you want me to come and get you? - I'm okay, I'm on my way, Debbie. I'm coming home. I love you. - I love you too. See you soon. - Hello? - Amanda, it's Debbie. I just heard from Larry. He's coming home right now. Are you sure it's gonna be safe? - Yeah, okay, Debbie, just sit tight. It'll be fine, bye. Wake up, tiger, it's time for work. - I just had a dream that the guy in the phony back brace was chasing me. Time for work? What're we doing, moonlighting as bakers? - Let's go, Larry's on his way home. - Hi, Larry, how are you? - How are you? - Hi, how are you? - Good to see you, hi, Deb. - Hi. - Hi. - Bye! - Bye bye. - See ya! - Goodbye. - Bye bye. - Freeze, drop it! - Mr. Fowler, we've been expecting you. - You're making a mistake. - Oh, let me guess, huh? You came here to save Larry again. Boy, you're a real one man calvary, aren't you, Fowler? - I suggest you tell me where Larry is. I didn't come alone. - Ooh, you're bluffing. He is bluffing right? - There is something out there, Rick, but-- - It's the cat again. Tell me it's the cat. - Don't move. - I could've sworn he was bluffing. - Where are they? - Lieutenant Fisk should be coming about now, shouldn't he, honey? - He should be. I don't know what's keeping him. - Now, you're the one that's bluffing. - Oh yeah, come on in, Lieutenant! - Freeze, police, move and you're dead. Did you finish with them yet? - I was just gonna gift wrap them for you. That's for shooting at my wife, ow. What took you so long? - It's Saturday night. Sunset Boulevard was stacked bumper to bumper. Get outta here. Nice job, kids. I like the way you pulled it all together. Of course, I knew something was up when we found out that the milkman was a hitman, and then of course when the Feds started putting the heat on us about staying away from the case, well, that, uh. - You know, I was just thinking about Debbie and Larry. - Mm hmm. - If you could have a whole new identity, who would you be? - Hmm, I would be the Countess Uba Kosloff. - What? - Yeah, she's a famous countess in exile. - Honey, a countess is such a cliche. - Oh, well, who would you be? - Mm, I would be Dirk Hunter, corporate trading riding the trade winds to Tahiti. - Tahiti would be nice actually. Oh, secluded coves, white sandy beaches, hundred foot waterfalls, coconut palms. - Maidens, lots of maidens. - You had to say that, didn't you? - Well, you'd be there too. - Oh yeah, what makes you so sure? - Because every corporate trader needs his countess. - His maiden. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 