Tucker's Witch: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Tucker's Witch 
 s1e9 - Rock Is a Hard Place - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Tucker's Witch (1982–1983): Season 1, Episode 9 - Rock Is a Hard Place - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Hi, Linda. See you've given up your skill at shorthand for songwriting, huh? - Where's Keith? - You've taken my whole life away from me. Just don't move, please, huh? - Oh that's crazy, Andy. You keep away from me, or I'll scream. - Go ahead, scream, who cares? Nobody's gonna hear you here. - It was Keith's decision. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I had nothing to do with it. - Of course not. Sleeping with him every night didn't influence his judgment at all, did it? I'm really sorry. - Oh no, Andy, you can't. Please. - 16.50, envelopes. 34.82, typewriter ribbons. 124.78 for denture glue, what is this? - Well, there was a COD for Dr. Belski across the hall, you know, and it came Wednesday afternoon. - Oh yeah, on Wednesday he tortures racquetballs instead of teeth. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Honey, he reimbursed us. - Oh. That's a nice tune, what is that? - I don't know, it's been going through my head all morning. Rick, I just got the image of money. - Yeah, me too, and it's going fast. - There's something else. There's kings, and there's queens. And they have something to do with that tune. - Maybe you've got the makings of a hit tune. - Morning. - Hi, Mom, how you doing? - Oh, fine, fine. I talked to Marcy, and she told me where everything is. Oh thank you. - How is she, when's she coming back? - Well, her fever is still very high, and she's coughing and she's sneezing, but she should be back in a few days. - Great, what do you got there? - Oh, she said that if I had some time that I should start to fix the files, so I'm going to do that. And I've ordered you some Number Two pencils, and I've watered the plants, and the coffee is hot. - See, told you, I think she'll really work out fine. - Oh, I almost forgot why I came in. You have a client here. - Mickey, Mickey Dougherty. - How are you? Guess what. - What? - I'm getting younger. - Hi, Michael. - How are you, darling? My two most favorite detectives in the world. - Oh well, you'll get no argument from me. - Thanks. - You're welcome. - How's the club, Mickey? - Club's good, club's good. - But you're not. - Well, it's, it's probably no big deal, you know, but, um, it's my kid. - Joe? - Right. - His girlfriend, Linda, actually it's his ex-girlfriend, Linda, she moved out five months ago, and she disappeared. - When? - Well, she's only been gone a day. Yeah, I know, I know, you're probably saying what's the big deal, right? - Well, he still loves her. - He still loves her, right. And he's kind of a goofy kid, and he's really worried that something happened to her. - You want us to talk to him? - Yes, would you? - Sure. - I appreciate that. - Where is he? - Well he's at the beach right near my club, and in between gigs he rents wheels. - Okay, Tara, you guys have a good time. Just have them back by noon. Linda and I used to be a team. Had a record company interested once. Now we're still partners in the stand. - Mick said she also works at Royal Records. - As Samuel Pressman's secretary. He's president of Royal. That's how she met Keith Tracy. - Keith Tracy, like in rock star? - Tracy saw her singing in a club once. He liked her. Adios, Linda. They've been living together the last five months. - Joe. - I hear Tracy can be a bad guy, he's kinda rough with the ladies. - That's what I'm worried about. - Now, Joe, you know that's not fair. That's when he was all coked up. He's been straight for a year now. - Don't tell me that. If he didn't do something to her, why didn't she show up yesterday morning? - What was yesterday morning? - We've got a shipment of skates due tomorrow. She was gonna drop by her half of the money. - Maybe she forgot. - She doesn't forget. Linda says she's gonna be someplace, she's there. I lived with her, I know. - Did you ask at Royal Records? - I went over there, she didn't go to work yesterday. The only thing I could find out was she had some sort of an argument with LP Summers before Monday night's session. - Who's he? - Long Playing Summers, he shoots album covers for Royal. - Everybody argues with LP, especially when he raises his prices. - Photographers are always doing that. - He's one of the big coke dealers around. He used to sell to Keith. - Used to, nothing. I'm telling you, Keith is still getting high and he's still beating up his women. And if you wanna help, you go bust in and you get her outta there. I'll go with you. - Joe, Joe, we do wanna help, but, that's not the way it works. - You just brought them here so they could hose me off. You're in too tight with Royal Records to really help me. - Now, you know that's not true, Joe. - It always is. Once and for all, just keep your nose out of my life. I don't need your help or anybody else. I'll find her on my own. Look, just take off, will you? I need to make enough money to pay for these skates tomorrow. - Not bad, not bad. Thank you, Miss Buck. - Hey, Andy, how you doing? - Okay. Okay. - How come you're in the neighborhood? - Just thought I'd stop by, see how are the songs coming. - Good. Good. - Did you wanna know the real reason, hmm? Right here. I've been writing some new lyrics, huh? I thought you might be able to use them on the album someplace. - I don't know, Andy. There's really no space. I'm working on the last track now. - I, uh, guess Linda's working out okay, huh? - Yeah, well, til she left me high and dry with this last song. - You mean she, just took off somewhere? - Yeah, I don't know. - Come on, listen to me a second. I really feel good about my stuff, I'm telling you that. Now I got, here, I got something new here called The Barbarians. - Hey, Andy, it's a little strong. I'm into romance. - Romance, huh? You're talking to me, romance. Come on, I got one here. Uh, uh. Here, here. Leaving You, just listen to this a second, will you? - Andy. Don't push. The chemistry wasn't working. I mean, you saw the sales on our last two albums. Forget gold or platinum. We didn't do tin. - Still blaming me for that? - No. No blame. It just didn't work out. - Things are gonna be different, you know. I mean, uh, you'll see. Can I just leave this stuff with you and? Keith, I hit a dry spell, okay? - Over a year. Two dud albums. Andy? I'll see you at the studio later. We'll talk, okay? - Yeah, sure. - Bueonos dias, Mr. Pressman. Rick Tucker, Rock Scene Magazine. Awesome office. - Thank you, always happy to welcome someone from your magazine, Mr. Tucker. - Thanks. - Though I don't know why your appointment wasn't in my book. - Beats me, I set it up a couple of days ago with Linda somebody. It's not her out there, huh? - No, she didn't show up for work yesterday, but she's done that before. - Kinda flaky, huh? - No, she took a couple of days off after breaking up with her boyfriend last summer. It's probably something like that. I am sure you didn't come her to talk about my secretary. - Wouldn't make a very exciting story now, would it? - No. - Not unless she set up housekeeping with Keith Tracy or somebody like that. - Oh, Mr. Tucker. I love reporters. You may not believe that, but I do. I really love you guys. - That's nice of you to say so. - My pleasure. But here at Royal Records we take a dim view of gossips and rumormongers. Now if you wanna write about my artist's new album, a pleasure, but if you wanna stick your pencil into Keith Tracy's private life, I'll see that it gets cut off. - Hey, Mr. Pressman, I got no problems with a man who has an office this big. If you know what I mean. - Good. Since we understand each other, I'll be happy to introduce you to Keith myself. - Great. I understand his last two albums didn't sell very well. - Mr. Tucker, be nice. - Come on, Judy, scowl. I want people to buy your album because you scare them. - About Linda Dawn, Mr. Summers. - Call me LP. Judy, would you think bad thoughts? The worst that you can think of. Remember the last time your mother refused to give you a second plate of ice cream. - People said you had an argument. - Oh, it was a misunderstanding. What's all the excitement about? - Linda is missing. - Linda is a moth, love. She flips from flame to flame. Who can keep track of her? We had words, it's forgotten. Judy, I want more from you. Think pain for a moment, would you? - That's not what people say. - What do people say? - People say that photography's not your only business. - Well, whatever my business is, it's my own. - People say that you lost a real good customer when Keith went straight. People say that you tried to turn him on again. People say that Linda got in the way. - Now, hold on, whatever people inhale is their own business. Besides, I'm not the only who had a misunderstanding with Linda that night. - Who else? - Keith Tracy is known to have a heavy hand with the women. You know, you're so pretty, it's a shame that you have such nasty thoughts. - It's easy to have nasty thoughts around you, Mr. Summers. I'm surprised Judy's having such a problem. - Come on, Judy, scowl! Think of what your skin is gonna look like if we're out here all day. - Great song, isn't it, Mr. Tucker? - Yeah, it's terrific. - What's the matter? - Nothing, it, that sounds familiar. - Better not, it's an original. Fred, what is it? - Found a broken tile in the studio a couple nights ago. Just getting around to fixing it. - Wait til the session's over please. - Okay, just trying to do my job. - Thank you. - Sensational music, sensational singing, sensational lyrics, hey, ho, could use a little work, all right. - You've got some suggestions, right? - I always keep lyrics in my back pocket, you know that. - Okay, tonight, but what I need now is Linda's tape from the sessions the other night. During the break Linda was working on-- - Wait wait wait. You mean, she was, uh, uh, taping that? - Yeah, and I'm sure she made a breakthrough. So all I gotta do is listen to the tape and we're home free. - Where's that tape? I'd sure like to listen to it. - Sounds great, we gonna finish it by Friday? - Sam, what are we, spending too much money again? - Not if it goes platinum you're not. - I guarantee it. - Andy, how's it going? - Okay, okay. - Good, good, because there's good rap on the streets. Don't let him get into rewrites. - No rewrites, no rewrites. - Keith, I want you to meet Rick Tucker from Rock Scene Magazine. - So, what's the verdict? Keith Tracy, over the hill? - No way, that was outstanding, really awesome. - Man's got taste. - Andy Brenn. - Right, you're Keith's partner, you write the lyrics. - That's what it says on the album cover. - What was that we just heard? - Linda Love, and it's not quite finished yet. Sam, you hear from Linda? - Don't worry about it, she'll turn up. You just concentrate on the music. Later, fellas. - You wanna hear anything bad about this guy, I mean really bad, you just come to me. I know every ugly, history, history, huh? - You look like you're having fun out here, woo! - When it's going good, I'd do it for free. Whoops, sorry, Sam, just kidding, just kidding. - Now the song is called Linda Love, right? - Yeah, title cut for the new album. Say, you wanna talk here, I got an office upstairs. - Nah, here's fine. You can be straight with me, man, now who is this mystery lady? Who is Linda Love? - Rick, I'll talk about my music. Let's leave my private life alone, okay? - Hey, man, I just, I don't wanna print rumors. - What's the rumor? - Well the rumor is that Linda Love is Pressman's secretary. Now I know that's crazy, but that's what's going around. - Do me a favor. Come back tomorrow morning with different questions. Okay, break's over, guys. I'm ready for playback, Georgie. Let's hear some decibels. - Are you sure? - Honey, I know a bullet hole when I see one. - Did you go back and dig it out? - No, somebody beat me to it. It looked like it might have been gouged out with a penknife. - You know, nobody's seen Linda since that recording session. - Either a drummer got real mad, or somebody took a shot at Linda in that room. - Look, if they missed, then where is she? - Maybe they didn't miss. I looked around for blood, but it coulda been cleaned up. See, I don't think Keith is our man. He was so concerned about Linda. You could see it in his eyes. What about this LP? - Oh, we cannot rule him out. He is not a nice man at all. He could very well been there with the merchandise, and Linda wouldn't let him peddle it. - You know, there's something going on between Keith and Brenn, too. - Well, they've been partners on four albums. There's bound to be something. - I think it's something more than something. - Maybe you can check it out tomorrow at Royal Records. - Royal Records? Maybe that's what's putting kings and queens into your head. - Yeah. Thanks. No, that's not quite it. - Ah. - Hi, Dickens. What's the matter, baby? Get my spaghetti. What? Five red cans. Gasoline cans. - Dickens, you been sniffing around Ellen's herbs again? How'd your mother do today? - Oh, she did fine, fine. She balanced our checkbook. And paid all our bills. And she's real good at tracking me down. And she turned down two cases. - She what? - She doesn't believe in divorce. - Ohhh. Neither do I. That's it! - What? - That's Linda Love. - Yeah. Any word from Linda yet? Call me if you hear, will you? - Hey, face it. If she wanted to get in touch with you, she would've. - I don't know. - Look at what she did to Joe Dougherty, same thing. Hey, friends, come on, real friends. You done any more work on that song? - No. I mean, the tape's upstairs, but since this thing with Linda, I haven't gone near it. I'm so tired, I can hardly see. - Why don't you give me a crack at it? - Oh, come on, Andy. - No, no, no, no, no obligation, fair enough? Now you just go get some rest, and I'll show you what I got in the morning. - Yeah. Why not? - Don't be stupid, Andy. You keep away from me, or I will scream. - What'd you do to her? - Are you sure it was Joe Dougherty? - I got a good look at him all right. - Why would he want to steal tapes? - He's out to get Keith. - I'll bet he knows where Linda is. - Well what he do, kidnap her? - Maybe, you know, he's trying to stop this album. - Well how would that stop the album? Keith. - She's writing lyrics for me. - She's what? - Hey, music lovers. I got a great idea. Keith, you're gonna love it. I'm gonna build my whole story around Linda Love. From the second the muse hits you, right until the moment the song hits the top of the charts. - That's a terrific idea, can we talk about it tomorrow? - Tomorrow? Hey, I got a deadline here. Come on, Rock Scene Magazine doesn't wait around. Look, you say to me, wait til tomorrow, I got two words for you, Rod Stewart. Come on, you guys can understand my position, can't you? My people sent me-- - Tucker. - Yeah. - It's for you. - Ah, my magazine. - Nope, one of your associates at the detective agency. - Hello, Ellen. - Hello, Rick, Rick, I thought you ought to know that Mickey just called. Joe is missing now too. - Since when? - Well, I don't know, he didn't say. But he and Amanda will meet you at the apartment. Do you have the address? - Yeah, I got it, thanks. - You sound funny, did I do anything wrong? - Let's just say your timing could have been better. - Oh. - Detective? - Time? Look, I'm trying to find Linda Dawn. She was last seen at a recording session in this building. - I told you to be nice, you weren't. You lied, now get out. - Mr. Pressman, you go take a look behind that new tile in your studio. There's a bullet hole there. - I got your message at Royal Records. - I told you Mom was good with messages. - Terrific, only she asked for her son-in-law, the detective. - Your cover is blown? - It's gone with the wind. Anyway, what's up? - The police just called me. They're looking for Joe. - He broke into Keith Tracy's house last night and stole the tape. - The tape of what? Linda Love? - I came over here on the off chance. He gave me keys to the apartment here, for emergency reasons. Like I gave him the keys to my club. - This is an emergency. - What is? - Amanda, are you all right? - Is there a garage where Joe keeps his car? - Yeah, but Joe's car isn't here. - Well show us anyway. There's the red gas cans that Dickens saw. - Dickens, who's that? - That's our cat. - Cat? - Never mind. - This is Joe's locker. - It's not Joe, Mick. - We found Linda Dawn. - Nothing mysterious, dead three or four days. An autopsy will give us a better fix on it. - What's the cause of death? - One shot. - Caliber gun? - 45. - She wasn't killed here? - A little too public. Theory, Dougherty killed her someplace else then dumped her in here. - You think Joe did it? - Well they lived together for quite a while. Neighbors used to hear them arguing. She found another guy, it's an old story, kids. Not very exciting, not very pleasant. - Oh come on, Fisk, do you really believe that? - Well now what's your theory? - Was she killed in the apartment? - We don't know that yet. - Why would he wait five months to kill her? - What's the matter, Tuckers? Don't you like open and shut cases? - No. - Neither do I. - Look, if Joe went to all the trouble to move the body, why would he dump her on his own doorstep? - You know, you two just might make good detectives someday. Go on, get outta here. - Hello, Mr. Dixon. Hi, this is Harold Poindexter, Joe's assistant manager at Joe and Linda's Skate Emporium. Yes. Well, of course we're expanding, that's why we need the skates. Yeah. Well I'm just calling to confirm Joe's meeting with you so that he can close the deal. Oh, oh, good. Well, he'll be there. Thank you, bye. Three o'clock at the stand. People will tell you anything if they think you're gonna give them money. - Money? We haven't followed up that hunch about the kings and the queens. - Right. Okay, um, who's the king of Royal Records? - Pressman. - Amanda, oh, would you please tell Rick that I'm so sorry that I blew his cool? - Cover, Mom, cover, you blew his cover. - Cover, and if he wants to fire me, ohhh, I understand. - Oh, it's not your fault. Nobody told you he was undercover. - Well, nobody told me he wasn't. - Would you tell your mother I'm going to fire her, that I love her? And that I have a job for her? - We have a job for you. - Really? - Yes, Royal Records is a California corporation. Go to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Ask for Rita, and find out everything there is to find out about Royal Records and its president, Samuel Pressman. - Check. I'm on the job, case. Chief. - Hey, why would Joe wanna steal a tape of Linda Love? - I don't know, that's something we're gonna have to ask him when we find him. Might not be a bad idea to check out Brenn. - Well how can you do that now? You can't go back to Royal Records. - Well I can't, but. - I really appreciate this break, Mr. Pressman. I mean, when Mickey said that you'd let me audition, I mean, Royal Records is like starting at the top. You know what I mean? - Mickey, what is this? - Sam, the girl is dynamite, you know what I mean? Look at her, she's about ready to explode. - I can't think about auditions now. Keith's a nervous wreck over Linda's death. Linda Love is the last track on the album. He can't make the lyric work. - Well, I didn't know that Keith did the lyrics. I thought that Andy Brenn did all those far-out words. - Sammy, it'll all work out, it always does. We have to think about our future. You and I, we go back a few weeks, you know what I mean? That's why I brought her here, nowhere else. - I don't know. Okay, Amanda we'll give it a shot. - Oh, far out! - I'll arrange some studio time, is tonight okay? - Oh, it's the greatest. - You sing half as good as you look, I'll treat you like royalty. - Royalty, right. Mr. Pressman, I'll knock the pinstripes right off your suit. - A-ha. All right, eh? Oh. Try that one. - How you doing? I got your money right here. - Ooh. - It's all there, thanks a lot. - Mike, I owe you a beer, gotta quit, see you. Hey, Joe. Joe. Joe! Joe, Joe, wait up! Listen, I'll rent your bike, thanks. - Joe! Joe. Joe. I wanna help! Come on, I wanna help! Joe! - You know, we just can't blame Joe for taking off when he saw me. I mean, there is an APB out for his arrest. - Hiding out isn't doing him any good. - Yeah, and there's a voice in my head that keeps telling me I should know where he's hiding. Somebody said something I'm forgetting. - Oh, I forgot, I forgot, I have the results of my sleuthing. - She's trying. - Very. - Royal Records is financially sound. Samuel Pressman has all the money he can use. - Well that's a dead end. - No, no, listen, listen. There's more. In 1977, Mr. Pressman was sued by a songwriter named Jerry Thornwell. He claimed Pressman was pocketing royalty payments. - So, okay, Linda is working for Pressman and living with Keith, and Pressman is trying to cheat Keith, then Linda would be in a perfect position to know and tell. There's your kings and queens, Amanda, royalty payments. - Royalty royalties. That almost fits, it does. Except that I had been connecting royalty to the song, Linda Love, and if it's about the royalties to that song, then Brenn isn't sharing in them. - Why, dear? - Because Brenn isn't writing the lyrics to Linda Love. - That's the tension I saw between Keith and Brenn. Look, you're gonna have your audition tonight. Do you think you can get in their office? - I know I can. - Hello. Mickey? What's wrong? No, Mick, just stay there. We'll be in touch. Mickey's gun is missing. He thinks Joe came over to his house last night and took it. - Why does he think Joe took it? - Because there was no sign of a break-in. Whoever it was used the key. Remember, Mickey told us they keep each other's keys for an emergency, that's it! - What? - I know where Joe is. - Where? - At the club, he has the key to the club. - Well call me if you find him, I'll be at Royal Records. - You got it, watch yourself. - Joe? It's Tucker. We gotta talk. - No. - Is that Mickey's gun? - That's right. - If you killed Linda, you better use it. Otherwise, you've gotta let me help you. - It sounds terrific. We'll talk tomorrow after the mix. - I went looking for Linda at Keith's house. I thought he might have hurt her. Beat her up or something. When I got there, I heard Brenn playing a tape. It was Linda singing Keith's new song. Brenn was on the tape too, threatening her. - It was during the break in the session that night. She had the tape running, and Brenn didn't know it. - I guess. When they found Linda, I knew Brenn had killed her. I wanted him. I took the gun to kill him. - And it wouldn't have gotten you anywhere. The tape'll put Brenn where he belongs, now where is it? - That's just it, I don't have it. I dropped it over the balcony of the main staircase in Keith's house when Brenn was chasing me. - It had to be Brenn who shot at me on the bicycle. That means he can't have found it yet. Amanda. - What? - She's at Royal Records, she was headed to Brenn's office. Uh, yeah, Operator, try Andrew Brenn's office. - Did somebody order a pizza? - No anchovies. - Amanda, listen, it's me, Joe's here with me now. - Is he all right? - Listen, Brenn is the murderer. Get outta there, meet us at Keith Tracy's place. There's a tape that proves Brenn killed Linda. - On my way. - Yes. - Hi, I'm Rick Tucker, Rock Scene Magazine. - We don't take magazines through the mail. - No no no no, Keith sent us over here to pick up a tape. This is Joe Guitar, our punk editor, Mrs. Uh? - Mrs. March, I'm the housekeeper. - How are you? - Fine. Just fine. - Nice to meet you. - I dropped it right here, I didn't hear it hit the floor. - There could be several reasons for that. Hey. Maybe it's because it didn't hit the floor. - How did that get in there? - We got him now. - It's only a couple of minutes between here and Royal Records, Amanda shoulda been here by now. Something's wrong. - No, oh. - Andy. Andy, where are you? Hey, Andy. Been looking for you. - Well, here I am. I've just been working on a few things. - Well let me hear something. - No, I, uh, I mean I've just been playing with a few ideas, that's all. - Andy, I've been thinking. I'd like to work through that song. I wanna do it for Linda, you know? - I think that's a good idea. - And I, I wanna give it another try, with you. - Keith? Uh, first thing in the morning, huh? - Well we got everything we need right here. Let's do it now. - Why don't we, just take a little coffee break first? Downstairs, okay? - Okay, partner. - Get back in there. - I heard Keith, where did he go? - You another detective? - You can't kill me. - I can't kill you, why not? - Because I have the tape that proves that you killed Linda. - Is that right? - Yeah. - Well where is it? You don't have the tape. You wouldn't be sneaking around like this. I'm sorry. Nice try, though. - You all right? - I am now. Honey, this is what it was all about. - Linda Love, by Keith Tracy and Linda Dawn. So, he killed her for a song. - If you hadn't shown up, it woulda been my song. Swan. - Well, isn't that what it says on our marriage license? To love, honor and rescue. - Oh, my hero. - Keith really loved Linda, didn't he? - You can hear it in the song. - So romantic. - I wish I could do that. - Do what? - You know, write a song or something just to tell you how much I love you. Like in the olden days where a poet would sit huddled in his frozen lair working on a sonnet. - You don't have to do that. - Amanda, I can tell, you've got me under your spell. - Rick. - Oh, I know, it's terrible. - You don't have to be a singer. Or a poet. You've got plenty of talents for me, just the way you are. - Oh, who wanted to live in a frozen lair anyway? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 