Hoops: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hoops 
 s1e3 - Ethics - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hoops (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Ethics - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Shannon] Zipper was more than a horse. He was my best friend. I could tell him things I couldn't tell anyone else, and unlike most of my friends, Zipper could actually keep a secret. Trust me, if Zipper knew you were in a threesome in college, the whole fucking barn would know. Ben, shut up! The good news is I know he's in a better place right now. [men grunting] [sighs] His leg broke off! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, no! That's my beloved Zipper. Be careful! I think my best memory of Zipper was 2018, when-- -[thud] -[man 1] Fuck! I dropped him on his teeth. [man 2] Well, just pick 'em up and put 'em back in his mouth. What are you? A fucking idiot? Excuse me, gentlemen. Could you please treat Zipper with more respect? Ma'am, it's not like Zipper's having an open casket. Who gives a shit? I give a shit! I give many shits! So today, we honor the life of the one and only Zipper. There will never... [men grunting] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Goddamn it! I want you two idiots to go away and leave Zipper with me. I'm gonna bury him here on the farm. Anyway, I miss you, Zipper. I love you. Thank you all for coming. [all gasp] Same exact thing happened at my grandma's funeral. [theme music playing] [whistle blows] ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Sick of my job Sick of those damn kids ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Driving me crazy 'Bout to lose my shit ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Sick of my job Sick of those damn kids ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ 'Bout to lose my shit, yeah ♪ [tires screech] -♪ Hoops! ♪ -[whistle blows] ♪ Hoops! ♪ ♪ Hoops! ♪ ♪ Hoops! ♪ OK, it's that time of year again where Principal Lowry sits there and stares at me with those weird squirrel eyes of hers. Just get going, Ben. And makes me read the Lenwood Athletics Code of Conduct. OK, here we go. "Rule number one: no alcohol use." I mean, sure, having a couple of beers to take the edge off never killed anyone. Well, except for my Uncle Eddie and a few close friends. "Rule number two: no recreational drug use of any sort." Unless no one's looking and you wanna try some. But no hard stuff. And stay away from crack cocaine. Trust me, I've done it thrice. Very scary drug. Don't get me wrong, first two times doing crack, absolutely sensational drug. Third time, just as sensational, if not more. OK. "Rule number three: players must maintain a GPA of at least 2.0." Now, that should be easy 'cause you guys are nerds. We're not nerds. Oh, really? Has anyone here driven a motorcycle or gotten laid? Or seen a vagina besides your mom's? Exactly. You guys are nerds. It's not bad. You're just nerds. Last but not least, the final rule: absolutely, under no circumstances, and I don't care how good-looking the fucking thing is, no sex with animals. Ben! That's not in there. There's nothing about animals in that damn book. Fine! If Opal says fuck animals, knock yourselves out. -What? -Just know that I think it's disgusting. You should not fuck an animal. It doesn't have a choice. [man] Listen, Luigi. I'll take care of him. That's why they call me "The Godfather." [chuckles] Paisan, you wanna go get a calzone? Man, what a classic. I mean, it's no Little Man Tate, but what is? So what can I do for you, you big giraffe? [sighs] I got a little situation with one of those rules. Don't worry, Matty. I get it. You smoked crack. Pretty sensational drug, huh? If I'm honest, I did it way more than three times. And I did what I had to do to get it. Coach, I'm not talking about drugs, OK? I've never smoked crack cocaine. I'm talking about the GPA rule. Look, I got a midterm on Friday, and if I don't pass, I'm not gonna be able to play. GPA? No problem. What's the class? -Ethics. -Oh, perfect! Ethics is easy. Let me show you, Matty. Say you're walking down the street, OK, and you see a big bag of cash. Fuck, yeah. Is it on fire? Is what on fire? Why would it be on fire? No, Matty, you're missing the point. It's just a bag of cash. Well, if it's not on fire, what's the catch? Drop the fire stuff! Matty, you see a bag of cash, and then let's say you see a big sign that says, "I'm an old lady. I got nothing. I lost a bag of cash. I'm a real sad sack." Bag of cash. Old lady. Sack of shit. No one's watching. What do you do? I'd take the money, and... And what? Oh, shit. Did I say "and"? My bad. So you're gonna take the old lady's money? It's not like she's a real person, Coach. She's just a stupid old lady you created to prove a point. -I can take her money. -Fuck me. Jesus Christ. We can fix this. There's only one teacher at this school who won't pass a basketball player. Please, whatever you do, don't tell me you have Lonnie Seymour. Fucking Lonnie. Fucking asshole prick. [Ben] Oh, look who it is. Lonnie, my man. Fancy meetin' you here. In my classroom? [laughs] That's classic Lonnie. I miss this. Why don't we hang out more? Oh, well, I don't know, because you're a selfish person, and I don't like you? Look, I know why you're here, and I'm not passing Matty. He needs to prove that he understands ethics, OK? Look, Lonnie, Matty's the most ethical kid I know. The other day we were walking down the street, and he found a bag full of money, not on fire, and this kid looks at me and says, "Coach, let's return it to the old lady." I feel like this didn't happen. Goddamn it, Lonnie. Just pass him! Matty needs to earn his grade or prove to me that he has a basic understanding of ethics, or he fails my class. -End of discussion, OK? -[door slams] [Ben] Oh, you're a real righteous piece of shit, Lonnie. And the next thing you know, Ben's trying to make me seem like the principal that loves bestiality. All right, ladies. I'm out of here. It's 7:30. Stay and drink with us. [sighs] I think I'm gonna head over to Billy's Saloon and get a few cocktails there. Barry, that don't make no sense. Why would you go to another bar when you can drink here for free? Honestly, this joint just isn't as fun as it used to be. Maybe you just need to liven up the vibe in here a lil'. Get some entertainment. Like long-form improv? I can get my old team together, Cookies n' Cream. -[Barry] Pass, pass! Please, no. -Oh, no. Look, it would be great to fire up the old stage again, I guess. Opal also used to sing, and that she's actually good at. Music's not a bad idea. Opal, would you sing here for 30 bucks and ten percent off soft drinks? ♪ Fifteen percent, and we got a deal ♪ Damn! But ten percent. ♪ Fine, but free refills ♪ Uh, no. ♪ I overreached by quite a bit ♪ ♪ And now I have to settle ♪ ♪ With the offer That was originally presented ♪ [whistle blows] All right. Bring it in. Bring it in. We got a lot to cover. I'm not gonna lie. There might be times you wanna quit, but are you quitters? [all] No! Are you lazy? [all] No! Are you gonna give your all to help Matty pass his ethics midterm because he's failing? -[all] Wait a second. -That's an awkward transition. Listen, Matty came to me to fix a problem. Let that be a lesson to you all. Any problem you have, come to Coach. My pediatrician says I need to go on a diet because I have the risk factors for diabetes. First of all, you shouldn't see a pediatrician anymore. You should see a real doctor. You got pubes and titties. Second of all, you're a fat fuck. Eat less sugar. Thank you, sir. I get pretty bad anxiety, Coach. Sometimes I feel like people hate me. That's not anxiety. People do hate you. And I get it. You're hateable, Isaac. Next question. None of the guys at this school are looking for a relationship. They're fucking idiots. Well, that's a good thing. You're in high school, Scott. There should be a line of boys waiting to eat your ass. Look at me, solving problems like I'm fucking Oprah, eatin' cauliflower pizza. Now onto the only problem I actually care about: Matty's problem. How do we get him to pass? Maybe Matty could just study. No way. This kid has no chance of passing the exam. He's truthfully one of the dumbest people I've ever met. Coach, you know I'm here, right? Of course I do! That's why I was telling you the story of my friend... Natty the dumbass who is a kid. [laughing] Oh, man! I would hate to be that Natty motherfucker. He sounds so stupid! [laughs] He really is. Good thing your name is completely different. Oh, Benjamin. What an unpleasant non-surprise. All right. Let's cut the shit. How much is it gonna take to bribe an ethics teacher? There's no amount of money. There's gotta be a number. There always is. -All right, fine. Five billion dollars. -I knew there was a number. There you go. Connie, get in here, and give this man a five-billion-dollar blow job. Wow, it's crazy being back here. I haven't been back here since I was valedictorian. That took a killer blow job too. Connie, focus. This blow job is for all the marbles. It's like the Super Bowl for hookers. Actually, the Super Bowl is the Super Bowl for hookers. Out! Get out, OK? Oh, my God! What would dear Opal say if she saw this is in my classroom? "Dear Opal"? Benjamin, you are bribing me with oral pleasure, and that is not gonna work! "Oral pleasure"? Who calls it "oral pleasure"? I did not give "oral pleasure" for crack. Matty's taking that test, OK? I think that went well. Ben, what is she doin' here? -This is a school. -It's not what it looks like. She's a hooker. No offense, Connie. None taken, Opal. Hey, I have a hunch that Lonnie has a thing for you. So maybe you do me a favor, go out with him. Tell him to pass a certain seven-footer on a certain team. What? No way, Ben! I'm not gonna let you just pimp me out. You get used to it. Besides, I'm performing at Barry's tonight. I'd be there, but the circus is in town, and those acrobats love doing crazy shit. OK, bye for now. You're performing at my dad's restaurant? It'd be nice if you could try and make it out and support me. I'd love to, Opal, but I don't want to. Also, if you're not gonna give it up to Lonnie, then I gotta find another way to help Matty pass. Well, Ben, you weren't the best student. You got through high school. How'd you do it? [mysterious music plays] We gotta cheat. It's the only way. So how are the kids cheating these days? Lasers? Robots? Voodoo? Coach, cheating is unethical. Sounds like someone wants to take a lap. [Marcus] Yay! Cardio! So how the fuck do you guys cheat? Usually, we just look over the shoulder of the smartest kid in class. OK, that's easy. Matty, who's the smartest kid in your class? [sighs] [under breath] Daba, daba, daba... Andrew Phillips. OK, so if this Andrew kid is as smart as you say, he's probably a nerd and won't let you cheat over his shoulder. So we're gonna have to beat it out of him. And this might get a little ugly, but we have to do it. Oh, that'll be real easy, Coach. He has advanced Hodgkin's. Advanced Hodgkin's? -[tires screech] -You guys are sick. Regular Hodgkin's, I can kick his ass, sure. But advanced? No fucking way! I'm not a monster. I'm starting to get worried, Kirk. These songs are raw. They're from the heart. What if people don't like it? If they're from the heart, then people will like it. You're right. This is how I feel, and I have to let it out. Yeah! All right. Let's get out of this kitchen-slash-dressing room -and go make some magic. -[giggles] Thanks, Kirk. You're always there for me. I mean, just this one time, but it was nice. Let's hang out more. I would love that. OK. Also, just a heads-up. When you're singing, I'm gonna be doing bits of improv and fill-ins and-- No, no, no! Don't do no improv now. But I like to keep it fresh and improvisational-- No, don't! I don't wanna hear this! This is just from the heart. Don't be messing with my shit. This ain't Cookies n' Cream, motherfucker. Sorry, Opal. [rock music playing] Ooh, definitely a cooler vibe in here. Shannon, hearing some great music will get your mind off Zipper. I mean, it must be tough to have your horse get run over and die. Uh, I mean die and get run over. Oh, sorry. I'm beatin' a dead horse. Oh, no, I didn't! Welcome to the return of "Barry's After Dark." It's like Barry's during the day, but it's at night, and the drinks are twice as much. And now I'd like to welcome to the stage Opal and the Night Owl. [cheering] -[drum kicks in] -Sing your truth, girl. ♪ I need a man ♪ ♪ Who knows how to knit ♪ ♪ Who gets on his knees ♪ ♪ Fulfills my needs ♪ ♪ And licks on my clit... ♪ [all gasp] Oh, shit. She's singing from the heart. I thought I told her not to do that. Guys, you look up to me and rely on me to come up with solutions. But I gotta be honest, I'm all out of ideas. Fucking Lonnie! [boy] The problem is he doesn't respect you. Yeah, you're right, horse. He doesn't respect me. [boy] Actually, I said it. I'm the guy in the back. Oh, I see. The ass is talking. Is this you? Do you face the back? [boy] No, I'm in the back, but I face forward. [chuckles] So you're basically just eating farts all day. [boy] Yeah, it's not a great job. [boy 2] It's a great job for me. But also, I agree with him about the respect thing. Guys, I'm getting all turned around here. Who said that? The guy farting or the guy eatin' the farts? I'm saying you got to intimidate him. [classic Italian Mafia music plays] [man screaming on TV] You see, guys? That's how you do it. The Godfather made him an offer that he couldn't refuse. He put a fucking horse's head in his bed. So what's your plan? You're gonna do the same thing to Lonnie? I mean, how many spare horse's heads you got laying around? Matty, you're the strongest kid we've got. Saw his fucking head off. I don't know, Coach. It's kind of freaking me out. What are you gonna do? Kill him again? Yeah, he is, man. Horses have nine lives. -No, that's cats. -No, man. I watch the Garfield the Horse cartoon all the time, motherfucker. They don't show this part in The Godfather, and it's still three fucking hours long. Ugh! It's hard to cut. Oh, you wuss. Give me that thing! A lot of life lessons baked into this shit right here. [grunting] Fuck! Everybody always talks about how big horses' cocks are, but they never talk about the spine. The spine's the impressive part. Fuck it! We're going to the hardware store, and we're getting a chainsaw. [Ben] For the fiftieth time, I said it might get some horse blood on it. Maybe some hair, maybe some bone. But I can't see into the fucking future, and I ain't payin' 300 fucking dollars for a chainsaw that I'm only gonna use once. That's a rip-off! And I said to you, sir, "It's against the law to accept a returned chainsaw with blood on it!" [spits] Then fuck you up your fucking ass. I'm outta here! And you know what? We'll figure out how to get this fucking horse's head off ourselves. You lost my business for life, motherfucker. I'm never spending a penny in here again. Oh, gumball. Let me see what I got here. Oh, fuck! Green. Fucking green! What luck. [groans] Three greens! There's another fucking green, I'm gonna lose it. In a funny way. [laughing] Four greens! I don't want green though. Ah, blue. You got change for a dollar? Ah, fuck it. I'm overthinking this. We needed a horse's head. Well, we got a horse's head. [flies buzzing] Coach, do you think the full horse will have the same effect as just the head? Yes, of course. Look at this fucking thing! Lonnie's gonna flip the fuck out, and he's gonna pass Matty. [as Marlon Brando] It's an offer he can't refuse. Look at me! I'm fucking Marlon Brando now. [screams] [screams] I don't know how you got him to refund the chainsaw, but well played, you fucking geek. Listen, I told you that you cannot outsmart me. I'm not caving. If that kid cannot present an understanding of ethics, he will fail. One thing you gotta learn about me is that I never quit when it comes to my kids. I'll find something on you. I'm bulletproof, Ben. There's nothing you can bribe me with. I'm not married, and I have no kids. Kids... Kids. Kids! Well, I'm not gonna lie to you. The offer that he couldn't refuse was refused. But I promised we'd get respect, and Matty is playing on Saturday. You have my word on that. We just have to up the stakes. So I'm thinking we move from The Godfather to another classic film called Leaving Neverland. What are you talking about, Coach? We need to make it look like Lonnie's a bigger creep than Michael Jackson, so we'll frame him for child stuff. It's brilliant. I call it "Operation: Beat It." -Uh, I don't know, man. -I don't know. Now, are you sure we wanna break into a teacher's apartment, or should we tell Coach to F off? [sighs] I don't know, but maybe we shouldn't break in, but we are here, and kicking a door in has always been on my bucket list. What else is on your bucket list? Kicking a tree. Kicking a wall. Kicking a boat. [glass smashes] Coach, we're in. And we don't need Operation: Beat It. We've got something bigger. An ethics teacher who doesn't recycle? Come on, Scott. Who gives a shit about recycling? I don't recycle. [all gasp] -What? -You don't recycle? Can we focus? Look, I know this planet seems important, but without solving this, there's no reason to live. So I say we focus on this. This problem. Then if we have time after, we do the Earth thing. Deal? How do we know Lonnie isn't gonna walk in the door any second? Well, I took care of it. -[cell phone ringing] -You've got Lonnie. [woman] Hey, Mr. Seymour. Ouch! [as Opal] Sorry, I mean Lonnie. That's right. It's Opal, you hunk, from the Lenwood School you teach at. I want you to see me perform tonight. Just make sure you stay until the very last song because I'm singing it for you. -How was that? -That was unbelievable, DJ. Do you do others? I can do your dad. [clears throat] Son, sit down. There's something I've always wanted to tell you. -I love you. -Ah, you lost it. He would never say anything like that. [beat kicks in] ♪ I need a man ♪ ♪ To make me feel pretty ♪ ♪ To lick on my puss ♪ ♪ Grab both his nuts ♪ ♪ And suck on my titties... ♪ Please stay! Please. She only sings about her clit two more times. ♪ ...In a small town in Kentucky ♪ ♪ All I seem to meet ♪ ♪ Is a bunch of shrimp-dicked honkeys ♪ I don't know, Kirk. That was from the heart, and people didn't love it. Oh, don't let it get you down. It wasn't you. My bass tones were all off. You're probably right. You sounded like shit. Thank you, Opal. I did sound like shit. Oh, hey. [chuckles] That was amazing. And thanks for singing that last song for me. That song wasn't for you. What? Well, then... Why'd you say that when you called? I didn't call you. So you don't want me to eat your buttocks like a hound dog that just found gravy in the garbage? Eww! Those are just lyrics, honey. Separate the artist from the art. All right, buddy. I think you overstayed your welcome. ♪ I've got bad news ♪ The Barry's After Dark reboot is over. I like my regulars, and my regulars don't like this. Wanna know what's more fun than trying to relive your past? Bein' happy with who you are? No, not at all. Being idolized. My regulars love me because they think I'm better than them, and that's the most important thing... being better than people. I guess maybe it's for the best. I just had my ethics teacher tell me that he wanted to put his tongue in my no-no spot. By the way, my no-no spot is in my butthole. [Ben] OK, over here. Good. Just like that. Look, I didn't wanna do this, but Lonnie left me no choice. Uh, not to be that guy, but tying up kids and framing a teacher for child abduction seems insane. [Ben] I'll tell you what's insane... is how airtight this plan is. You see, Matty won't have to take the midterm. Why? Because there's no teacher to give it. Why? 'Cause Lonnie's in jail for child abduction. It's a win-win. Seems like a win-lose really badly for Lonnie. OK, look. No one is happy about this. Then why are you smiling? 'Cause I smile when I'm conflicted. Wait. I don't know, Coach. I mean, I don't know if we should be doing this. It's just gotten too fucked up. Maybe I'll just take the test and see what happens. Matty, you'll never pass. You got dog brains. You're lovable and loyal, but you're this close to chasing cars all day. Coach, I think you're getting me mixed up with Natty again. Matty, you're saying no to Coach's plan? Yeah. I'm out. It's not right to ruin this guy's life for my own benefit. This is wrong. [slow clap] Looks like someone just passed his ethics midterm. [slow clap continues] Oh, I get it. Wait. What's happening? This was your midterm. All you had to do was prove that you were ethical by saying no to Coach. So this whole time, you and Lonnie were just testing me? Yup, totally. I, for sure, 100 percent knew what was happening. No, no. Ignore your coach's clapping. He didn't know a thing. He's a moron. It was the perfect setup. If you put a stop to any of his unethical plans, you'd pass. Wow! [chuckles] Hot damn, I can't believe I got an "A." What? Oh, no, no. At most, a "D." You did many unethical things before you drew the line. The only thing I can't figure out is how you tricked me into making a fool of myself in front of Principal Lowry. Don't be so hard on yourself, you ethical stud. Well, DJ just failed his ethics midterm. [sighs] Coach, now I can't play. That'll help us. Do we still have time to do the Earth thing? Huh? Ah, the Earth will be fine. Scott, fuck off. ♪ My home is in Kentucky ♪ ♪ And that is where I'll die ♪ ♪ I hope it's soon ♪ ♪ 'Cause I presume ♪ ♪ It's all a waste of time ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 