Hoops: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hoops 
 s1e4 - The Sponsor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hoops (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Sponsor - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gentlemen, you know what they call us? They call us soft. They call us losers. They call us bitch boys. Who calls us bitch boys? I've said it. Me and all of your parents. But all that stops today. You see, boys, I've created a technique that'll toughen you up as well as change the way basketball is taught forever. What we're gonna do is we're gonna start practicing with these bowling balls 'cause if you can make a jump shot with a bowling ball, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 then science says you can make a shit ton more with a basketball. Science also said if Momma drank while I was in the womb, I'd be all fucked up, but look at me now. I'm a perfect motherfucker, head to toe. [chuckles] Fair enough. Everybody come and grab one of these bowling balls, and let's toughen up. Fuck! Fuck! Stop! Stop fucking dribbling! Look at what you're doing, you dope! [grunts] -Don't shoot! No shooting. -[grunts] Ow! This weighs more than the guilt of my people. Fucking stop! Stop! Fucking stop! Don't do anything! What'd I tell you? Fuck science. If science is so fucking great, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 how come a scientist ain't butt-fucking Kim Kardashian like that Kanye dude? Answer me that, motherfucker. [theme music playing] [whistle blows] ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Sick of my job Sick of those damn kids ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Driving me crazy 'Bout to lose my shit ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Sick of my job Sick of those damn kids ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ 'Bout to lose my shit, yeah ♪ [tires screech] -♪ Hoops! ♪ -[whistle blows] ♪ Hoops! ♪ ♪ Hoops! ♪ ♪ Hoops! ♪ [rock music playing] [Ben] Oh, yeah, baby! What a start! Thank you, everybody. Thank you! What up, Lenwood? Let's make some noise! [firework fizzes] What is all this? I thought this was supposed to be a budget meeting for the team. What do you think it is? Jesus Christ! I'm doing it with a little flair. It's called fucking showmanship. Well, show me and get to the point. Fine. We need more money. First of all, our uniforms are dog shit, Opal. Take a look. [Opal] What the... Why are you covered in marinara sauce? There's a meatball tray out there. So good! How can you be that fat when half the food ends up on your clothes? Opal, this is what the team is now. Fat trash covered in marinara sauce. Jeez Louise! But now, let's take a look at what we could be with the right funding. Come on out, Matty! Look at this fucking kid, would you? Must have something to do with Lenwood's new state-of-the-art weight room. Man, I feel like one of those moms on the news who could lift a car. I'm gonna throw up 30 points and 15 bounds in this fly gear. How much would all this cost? It's interesting that you say that 'cause it's not gonna be cheap. OK, talk to me. [drumroll] Only two easy payments of 39,642 bucks. But if you order right now, I'll do the whole thing for 50 grand. What a deal! [laughing] Fifty thousand dollars? Are you stupid, man? The entire sports budget is $3,700. Look, if I could somehow wave a magic wand and find all this extra money in the school's budget, I'd consider giving it to your ass. Although, if I had a magic wand, I'd be sitting in Hawaii with Denzel's face between my legs, not listening to this bullshit. Denzel? If someone was gonna sit in between my legs and eat my vagina, no way it would be Denzel. Enough of this, Ben. Denzel's eatin' me out. That's it! Meeting's over! Yuck! You got Grandpa Denzel Washington down there-- And guess what? He's eating it up. Nom, nom, nom. Enough of this talk. It's over. Denzel's eating me. Meeting's over. [door closes] [whirring] Yeah, it's working! That was an extremely helpful YouTube video. Thirty-seven hundred dollars. What a slap in the face. The presentation alone cost me 5,700 bucks. Well, at least we get to go have that soft serve you promised us, Coach. That always heals the hurt. I never promised you soft serve. Uh, yeah, you did, you liar. Liar? If I'm such a liar, then where's the hard evidence? Huh? See, if you can't prove it, it's not a lie. Now I'm pissed that you called me a liar, and I'm storming off! I think you parked back here. I know that. I just wanted to see some of the other cars. -Liar. -[Ben] Prove it. I can't believe Coach didn't wanna be part of our soft-serve hang. Like, he's always welching on his promises. And he always gets away with it. He has this way of lying where we can never prove it. Like, remember the time he said he had sex with Tina Fitzsimmons at Dave and Jill's wedding? I always thought that was bullshit. Oh, I'm sure it's a lie. I assumed he made that up because we were on a break, and he heard a rumor that I got finger-blasted by that pizza delivery guy. Well, I heard Tina's living in Louisville. There you go. This Tina lie is one we might be able to prove. Then we can shove it up Ben's ass and shut him up forever! As the great Michael Jordan once said, "Let's do it." Do you mean the Nike slogan, "Just do it"? I mean both. Everybody just "do's" it. [school bell rings] Hey, Opal. Remember when you said if I could find ways to cut the school's budget, you'd give it all to me and my basketball team? No. Uh-uh. Never said that. Well, Opal, I found savings all over this dump. Question: Why are we still teaching math? I mean, we learned that shit, and look where we ended up. -Are you kidding me? -Cut the whole department. Gonzo. Also, I fired the nurse. Nurse Mathis? She's gone. We just saved 32 grand and freed up a handicapped parking spot. -Dibs! -Can we just stop it? Stop it with all this nonsense, please! Look, I've already solved your problem for you. I got the team a sponsor. What? -Oh, Opal, you fucking genius. -Ha! Here I am trying to fuck the school out of money when I could just fuck a big, rich sponsor out of the money. Tell me. I'm dying. Is it Nike? Is it Adidas? Is it Imodium A-D? I'd love to get a taste of that big diarrhea money. Even better. Here, I'll show you. You're gonna love it, Ben. [uplifting music playing] [Ben] Hopkins house. It's what I've always wanted. This is incredible! Fucking look at me. I'm emotional. This is probably how Tate felt when he finally became a little man. Oh, I see. [inhales sharply] How, uh... nice of him. Coach, you're having hot flashes like my mom. If I have to look at that every day, the next thing hanging up there will be me, but not in the fun way like the lead singer of INXS, who did it while masturbating. That's a real thing. People masturbate and hang themselves, and then they die. I don't understand how it's masturbation, but it is. Look it up. One of the weirdest things in the world. Dad, what the fuck? Get your fucking nuts out of my goddamn soup, -you asshole! -Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Slow down. What are you talking about? My team is the soup, and your sponsorship is your nuts. Oh, OK. Son, if I put my nuts in your soup bowl, hm, well, there wouldn't be any room for soup. Anyway, Opal came in here and said it would help you out to have a sponsor. So I said, "Yeah, why not? I help the little shit out, get press for the restaurant. What's the harm?" I'll tell you what the harm is, Dad. This is my thing. OK? It is! I want people to know that I'm the coach. And for once, it has nothing to do with the great Barry Hopkins. It has to do with Ben Hopkins. Hey, it is your thing. All right? I know that. Everyone knows that. The gym is your domain. I respect that, OK? -You do? -Yeah. That means a lot to me. I love you, Dad. Thank you. [door closes] What in the sweet fuck is this? Oh, no! No! [sinister beats] Hey, move! This is my gym. Get his ugly mug off my court, now! Sorry, Ben. Orders from Opal. She ever tell you all that stuff about Denzel Washington? I mean, he's a good actor, but damn! Move your ass, Danny. I'll do it myself. [grunting] [grunting continues] Oh, man. I think he's crying. Imagine losing a fight to a sticker. Oh, my God. That's fucking glued on. That's near impossible. [sighs] That's hard. It really hurt my fingers. Ooh, a duplex. That must be fun. House on the outside, -apartment on the inside. -[door opens] And Bingo was his name-o. That's Tina. Gunnar! Hurry up. I have to drop you off at the sitter's, or I'll be late for my shift at Cooters. [sinister tone] Is it just me, or does that kid kind of resemble Coach? That is rude! That's an awful thing to say about a child. Yeah, you can't just look at a kid and know that. [Gunnar] Where the fuck is my backpack, Ma? Why do I always lose the fucking thing? Why do I always fucking lose a fucking backpack? Backpacks should come with bigger straps. Bigger straps! I'm 11. I don't have time for this shit. I'm busy! [engine starts, car drives away] OK, I'm more open to the possibility than I was before. All right, guys. I'm not gonna lie. We got our work cut out for us tonight. This is Tarver fucking High we're playing. They're no joke. They're pretty good, actually. I'm not gonna sugarcoat it. We're probably gonna lose. Probably by a lot. Why? Because they're better than us. Why? 'Cause you guys aren't good basketball players and they are. Why? 'Cause you guys got shit genes. Why? 'Cause your dads fucked the wrong ladies. How do I know? Why? 'Cause they don't have confidence. Why? 'Cause look at you. How could you have confidence if that's the fucking kid you made? That's what was living in your nuts. Why? How the fuck should I explain humanity? And why are you being such an A-hole, Coach? Those examples were very specific and kind of mean. [dance music playing in distance] Coach, what's going on up there? How the fuck should I know? I'm down here with you. DJ, you got to stop with the bad questions. [dance music continues] Opal, what the fuck? We had the gym booked tonight. What do you have in here? Floor gymnastics? God, that's an exciting event. How those girls do those flips and shit with no machines or anything, I'll never know. No, Ben. They're here for the game. There's another game here tonight? Goddamn it! You fucked me! This was our night! No, you idiot. They're here for you. Your game! A packed house? It's gonna feel like we're at an away game. No fair! They're rooting for you to win, dumbass! Looks like sponsorship has its upsides. Your dad promoted the hell out of this at the restaurant. My Dad! My daddy came. Daddy, you came! Jesus Christ! [chuckles nervously] Yeah! All right, boys. Look around. You see all these people here? Oh, shit. Did they double-book the gym? If so, I hope it's floor gymnastics. Man, when I watch those girls out there, I'm like, "God, what I wouldn't give to be able to move my body like that." No, Matty! They're here for you. We got fans. Uh, that doesn't track. These people believe in you guys. And so do I, now that these people do. So listen, a lot of people are saying that Tarver High's gonna win tonight. Yeah, Coach, you said that. And a lot of people are saying it's because they're better at basketball than you guys. Yeah, Coach, you said that too. But what I say is, "Screw those people because we got fans." [all] And... go! Has anyone seen Ron? Hey, y'all. Welcome to Cooters, where every guy has a chance. What can I get started for y'all? The firehouse nachos sound delicious. How long do they take to get out? I gotta get to my kid's school. He's in trouble again. Do you have any kids? Can't say. The policy here at Cooters is to not talk about our families, children, age, or what medications we take because it ruins the fantasy. But between us, yes, I have a son. He's 11 and tricky, but he's got it rough. Poor kid doesn't even have any relationship with his dad. [both grunting] Ow! Stop! It's for the best though. His dad is a huge asshole. Anyway, look at me blabbing about my problems when I should be shaking my cooter. I'm not a person. I'll be right back with those nachos. "Huge asshole"? [scoffs] That's practically stronger than a DNA test. Well, looks like Coach has got a kid. We need to tell him ASAP. When she shook her cooter, there was a smell, right? I'm not crazy. [cheering] [audience groans] -[buzzer] -[over PA] And that's halftime, friends. Colts down by 25. Now, get ready for your halftime report sponsored by Hopkins Steakhouse. Hopkins Steakhouse: where if the Colts win tonight, you get a free steak! [distorted] Where if the Colts win tonight... Colts win tonight... Free steak! What the fuck? That motherfucker! And not just 'cause he fucked my mother. Hey, nice promotion, asshole. I can't believe you bet on us to lose. Grow up, rookie. It's a win-win. Look, you get all these people here to watch you. I get all this promotion, and the best part is, I won't even have to buy 'em steaks, huh? Everybody wins! Well... not you! [laughs] You guys lose. Probably by 50 at this rate. [laughing] Sorry! [recording] The steaks are on this guy. Go Colts! Try the Barry sauce. It's not just ketchup anymore. [grunts] All right. Somebody shut that thing up. We tried. It just keeps talking. It's like a single fat lady over 50 who sits next to you on an airplane. It's called turbulence, bitch. Shut the fuck up. [recording] I know Charles Barkley. [grunts] Now, listen, guys. The steaks are on... [grunting] -As I was about to-- -[distorted] ...Charles Barkley. [grunts] OK, boys. [distorted] Steaks... Steaks... Steaks... Steaks... Steaks... -Goddamn! Fuck this Barry's Steakhouse! -Steaks... Steaks... Steaks... -Fucking shit! -Steak! Steak-- [recording stops] [sighs] All right, boys. Let me focus. Let's get our heads straight. We got a big game. I can sit here and give you a big speech about how, if we dig deep enough, we can come back and win this fucking game. How, if we start playing for each other, we can crawl back into this, inch by inch, second by second, play by play. But the truth is, I can't say any of that right now 'cause I can't get past how big of a fucking asshole my fucking dad is! Can you believe it? That prick sold me out in my own gym. He's so sure we're gonna lose, he's willing to risk what must be 20 fucking cows' worth of steak. I hate my dad! I always hated him! I hate him so fucking much, I can't fucking think. I don't like my dad either, Coach. He's always criticizing my choices. He's like, "Butter covered in sugar isn't a meal." Oh, yeah? Then why do I eat it, like, three times a day? That's bullshit, DJ. I love your curves, and so should your dad. And he's judging you? He's a fat fuck himself. Thank you, sir. My dad keeps telling me to stop giving lit firecrackers to my baby sister and tellin' her it's candy, but I'm all like, "Get off my jock, Pops. It's comedy." I'm sorry, Timebomb. Your dad's wrong. That is funny. Thanks, Coach dog. I hate my dad too. He cheated on my mom with my babysitter. Well, to be fair, your mom has let herself go, Isaac, but your dad's no hunk either. They're both really ugly people. There should be a TV show about you three. The Uglies. The Three Uglies. The Three Ugliest People in Lenwood. Thanks, Coach. Dads think you gotta like 'em just because they're your dads, like they don't have to earn it. Well, I'm here to say, "Fuck dads!" Go, Marcus. I just gotta say, I love my dad. He's my best friend and the president of the Marcus Fan Club. -Get out. -What? Leave. Get the fuck out. You're ruining the whole vibe! Good thing it's Marcus Appreciation Night at my house tonight. But you know what, boys? Tonight, it ends. Let's play this second half as if we're not playing Tarver. [chuckles] We're not playing Tarver tonight. Tonight, we're playing our asshole fathers out there, which is why we're not playin' in my dad's fucking jerseys. Take 'em off! Everybody, take those fucking jerseys off. Now, let's get out there, boys, and show our asshole dads how the Colts roll! -[player 1] Fuck our dads. -[player 2] Dads suck. -[player 3] Eat our nuts, Dad. -[player 4] Suck on my scrote, Pops. [cheering] Your baby sister Marla almost lost her pinkies, and she needs that shit. It's called comedy, stupid. [dance music playing] -[cheering] -[whistle blows] I don't love your mom. She was so good to you. And now Lucy can't babysit for me either. [cheering] Ketchup on a doughnut is not a sandwich. It's a creative take on open-faced, you piece of shit. Yeah! I love my dad, but I'm gonna score anyway! [cheering and applause] -Time out! -[whistle blows] Guys, that is one hell of a comeback. You're playing your asses off out there. We're only down by one. We are one basket away from making my asshole dad buy this whole fucking town steaks! Listen up. Who here hates their dad the most? Besides Brian. Besides DJ. Besides Isaac. No, none of you. Matty, raise your hand, please. This play's for you. Uh, I don't hate my dad, Coach. [chuckles lightly] I barely even know him. You know, before he abandoned me, most of my memories with him were fun. There was a time he let me sleep in a car for the whole summer, the time he taught me how to eat raw chicken, or the time he lost me in a hand of pai gow poker at a warehouse casino to a couple of Chinese gangsters. Holy shit, Matty. It's cool. The gangsters didn't want me either. [laughs] In fact, they got in this funny argument where they were like, "We don't want him." And my dad was like, "I don't want him either." And everybody's like, "We don't want him." He's like, "I don't want him." And then my dad was forced to take me back, and he was all pissed and shit, and then I don't remember anything for, like, the next 18 months. Oh... wait. I guess I am having a breakthrough, aren't I? I do hate my dad. A lot. OK, Matty. We're gonna get into that way later, but for now, you're right where I need you. We're gonna run a pick-and-roll, and we're gonna get you open, Matty, OK? Will do. That's great stuff about your dad not wanting you. Tap into that. [all chanting] Colts! Colts! Colts! Do it, Matty! Dunk it! I never wanted to have a kid. Fuck you, Dad. [buzzer] [over PA] And the Colts win! Steaks for everyone from Hopkins Steakhouse. [laughing] Oh, wow! That son of a bitch did it. We fucking did it! We won! Matty fucking dunked! Yes! [laughs] Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Holy fuck! It's boiling hot! What the fuck, you idiots? Well, we couldn't find the Gatorade. Sorry! We panicked and grabbed the hot tea. Why the fuck do we have hot tea in the fucking gym, you dopes? Holy shit! That is burning my ass. It's like a river of lava. [patrons murmuring] Ugh, here we go. [grunting] There's something to help. Let me balance this real quick. So, Dad, you're probably gonna think twice before betting against your own son, huh? Well, it was the logical choice, given your history of staggering failure at every opportunity, but... [clears throat] ...I am impressed that you won. I'm just not happy about it because we're literally losing thousands of dollars as a family. Thanks, Dad. That means a lot to me. Hey, you know what? There's something I kind of wanna say to you, Dad. Yeah? What's that, Ace? Like the porn star said at the gang bang, "Keep the meat coming." You saying this fucking twat is my dad? Who the fuck is this little shit? Remember when you had sex with Tina Fitzsimmons? Well, this little miracle happened. Tina Fitzsimmons? If this is my fucking dad, I'd rather drown. I'd rather be told a sack of shit was my dad over this bloated fuck. Who the fuck you calling a bloated fuck, you little bloated fuck? Oh, my God! [laughing] Oh, my God! I have a grandbaby! [laughing] This is... Thank you, God. I'm your grandpapa. Eat my dick, Grandpapa. -What'd he say? -[laughs] Pretty fucking good. You guys are such idiots. There's no way this kid is mine. Are you serious? He's exactly like you, Ben. I didn't get Tina Fitzsimmons fucking pregnant! I couldn't have. I never had sex with her. So you were lying. Yeah, I was fucking lying. I knew it! See, told you this dick hole wasn't my dad. My mom made it very clear to me that my dad's an astronaut businessman doing deals on the moon. Now, if you'll excuse me, these cigs ain't gonna smoke themselves. Gunnar out. [grunts] Well, after a day like this, who wouldn't want a nice cigarette and a different father? Well, Ben, looks like, after all these years, we finally caught you in a lie. You know what? You did. I promise from now on, I'll be completely honest with the guy that's fucking my wife. Oh my God! I think that little boy is trying to take a shit on Barry's car! No! No! No! No! Not my Mercury Cougar! [door slams] ♪ My home is in Kentucky ♪ ♪ And that is where I'll die ♪ ♪ I hope it's soon ♪ ♪ 'Cause I presume ♪ ♪ It's all a waste of time ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 