Hoops: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hoops 
 s1e1 - The Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hoops (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Pilot - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [country music playing] -[crowd groans] -[whistle blows] That's a charge! -Oh, you inbred pile of donkey shit! -[crowd gasps] What did you say? You four-eyed fuck! Come on! That was a fucking block, and you know it in your heart. You know it was a block! Come on, Ben. Are we really doing this again? These guys are a foot fucking taller than us, Jeremy! You gotta call it even on both sides, ya prick! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ben, I do not want to "T" you again. The game is basically over. Well, fuck you! It's not my fault that the hamster that you tied to a string and shoved up your ass chewed off the string, and now you're standing there with a piece of string, but the hamster's eatin' away at the inside of your asshole! Knock it off, Hopkins! Oh, fuck you, Greg. You're the one who probably shoved the hamster up there in the first place. Oh, fuckin'... My fucking life! We're getting pounded inside the way your momma pounds your fucking sister! All right! You had your fun, but that's it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -[whistle blows] -You're out of here! Good! I wanna be outta here 'cause this is a shitshow. -Come on, Coach. -And this is a circus! And this is not basketball. This is Barnum and fuckin' Bailey's. [player] Come on. No more. No more! Come on. This is crazy! But after they took away the elephants and it's not as fun! [theme music playing] [whistle blows] ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Sick of my job Sick of those damn kids ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Driving me crazy 'Bout to lose my shit ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ Sick of my job Sick of those damn kids ♪ ♪ Hey, yeah ♪ ♪ 'Bout to lose my shit, yeah ♪ [tires screech] -♪ Hoops! ♪ -[whistle blows] ♪ Hoops! ♪ ♪ Hoops! ♪ ♪ Hoops! ♪ It's gonna be hard to sleep tonight for me, guys. This one's on me. This one goes on my permanent record. I let my emotions get the best of me again. I've coached you not to make the same mistake, and then I made it. I deserve not to be listened to and not to be respected, but you do listen to me, and you do respect me. And I owe it to you to apologize, and that's what this is. Let's put it behind us. I apologize. It's OK, Coach. It was actually one of your funnier meltdowns. [Ben] Marcus, if you're listening to Billy Joel again, I swear to God... Huh? Oh, sorry. I was listening to "Glass Houses," Billy Joel's second-best album. Crap! I don't want my team psyching themselves up to Billy fucking Joel. We're the shortest team in the league. But you can't teach size. I can't teach size! My problem is I care too much. I love this game! I love basketball, and I love this team. Right here. I love you guys. I love coaching you guys. You're missing the point, Coach. Oh, and what's the point, DJ? Coach, you said if we won the game, you'd give us your Bang Bus password. Well, we lost. Well, we want it anyway. No! I'm sick of always bein' a pushover. Not anymore! I'm sticking to my guns this time. Come on, Coach. I wanna see some banging on some buses! [sighs] Fine. Username: BOOBIES. Password: LOVETOLICKEM. Both case-sensitive, all caps. And make sure you spell "boobies" with ten "Os." "BOOOOOOOOOOBIES." What about Scott? Yeah, what about me? What, the Bang Bus doesn't pick up gay guys? No! Look, I don't have any memberships to any of the gay sites. That's not fair! Right, guys? [all] Bullshit! Bullshit! -[all] Bullshit! -All right! All right! Shut up! Jesus! I wish you guys were this unified on the fucking court. Here's my credit card. Go buy yourself something handsome. [student sobbing] Sorry. Is this a bad time 'cause that kid with the baby inside of her is here? -Yes. -No. Listen, the school board is coming down hard on my ass. They're sick of your crap. We have to make some changes around here, or I'm screwed. The school board is coming down hard on your ass? Language, Opal. This is a school, for fuck's sake! Ben, you know how it works here as well as I do. You can't be an asshole and a losing coach. In Kentucky, baby, winning cures all. Look, you've only lasted this long because your father is Barry Hopkins. Oh, enough about my dad. Sure, he played pro basketball, but he doesn't know the first thing about coaching. Opal, I don't have time for your bullshit. I gotta coach. No, you gotta win. The school board is coming to the game on Saturday. I'm not playing with you, Ben. If they don't see any hope, it's over. Opal, there's only one way this school has a chance at winning, and you know he won't play. That's not an "OP." That's a "BP." -What? -That's not an Opal problem. It's a Ben problem. Then just fucking say that, not this OP, BP bullshit. I did! That's what I said! That's not what you said. You said, "This isn't an OP. This is a BP." That means nothing to me! Listen, I'm hipping you to the fact! I'm telling you, you oughta know me by now. When I tell you something, I mean what I'm saying. That's it! Well, let me hip you to the fact that I'm getting this kid to play, and I'm saving my job. Coach, for the millionth time, the answer's no. Just play on the team, friend. I'm not your friend. You're a crazy-ass teacher with zero boundaries. You've got a gift, Matty. Being tall ain't a gift. It sucks, bro. Being able to fart on command, that's a gift. What Jeff Dunham does with those puppets, that's a gift. Fuck this, man. If I wasn't seven feet tall, you wouldn't even care about me. Matty, look at me. I'm begging you. I am in the position of submission. Your dick is in my face. This is how low I am. Then move. Matty, if I lose, I'm fired. But if I start winning, I get a college gig, and then the pros start calling. And then the next thing you know, I'm coaching the Chicago Bulls, and I got an infinity pool. I mean, if I had an infinity pool, whoa, everybody would be sucking so many of my dicks. You gotta tighten it up, dog. I'm just a 16-year-old kid. You can't be talking to me about dicks getting sucked. Please, Matty! If you join the team, you'll get to be part of something that is bigger than yourself. Lame sauce. I wasn't finished. You'll also get an iPad, first-generation. It's got a small crack in the screen, but I've downloaded Little Man Tate to it, which, if you haven't seen, is a very heartwarming film. I'm seven feet tall, man. I'm not interested in "little man" anything. All right. I didn't want to do this, but you're forcing my hand. I've got something in my back pocket I'm gonna offer to you. It's pussy, Matty. You have a vagina in your back pocket? No, I don't have a vagina in my back pocket. What I'm saying to you is I'm gonna get you laid, Matty. Are you serious? You're a 16-year-old kid. Don't tell me sex isn't the only thing you think about 'cause I know you'd be lying. Look, if you penetrate a woman before Saturday, will you play in the game? I mean... I... Well... Say no more, you little pervert! I will get it done! I would have made it if not for you, Ron, you bad luck charm. But thanks for coming. I need your help. I gotta get this Matty kid laid ASAP so he'll play on the team. As long as we're talking about inappropriate things, you can't be texting my girlfriend, "You up?" every night. I knew she was up. Listen, Shannon's my wife. I can text her whenever I want. No, Shannon's your ex-wife. Not yet, she isn't. I haven't signed the divorce papers. And if I'm honest, I'm not sure I'm gonna. Ron, you're my assistant coach, and I've been very cool about you dating my wife, so I'd appreciate it if you were cool about me texting her when I'm up lonely on sleeping pills. Yeah. You know, I guess you are being cool. No wonder we're best friends. I'm sure you'll move on from my girlfriend eventually, right? I doubt it. Whatever. Keep fucking my wife, Ron. [coughing] Oh, good. You're listening. Ladies, would any of you date Matty? Ugh! You couldn't pay me to go out with Billy Bob Thyroid. What? Roxanne, you're saying you literally wouldn't date Matty, even if I paid you? Whoa, whoa, whoa! He's just playing around. [chuckles] Coach, you can't pay someone to date Matty. I didn't bring up pay. She did! [sighs] Holy shit! That's it! Ron, cover my class. First your wife, now your class? I'm doing everything for you. So you pay me to fuck this Matty kid, and you get an infinity pool? Ben, I'm a hooker, not an idiot. Essentially, yes. You're skipping the part about all my dicks being sucked, but you seem to have a handle on it, Connie. OK. Anyway, it's $500 for penetration, but I can give him a blower for 250. You're telling me that fucking is twice as much as a blow job? Fucking? Most of the time, with fucking, you just gotta lay there. It's the blow job you do all your heavy lifting. If I'm you, I combine the two things. Fucking is twice as much as a blow job! Connie, I say this as one of your oldest friends. That doesn't make any sense, and also, from the guy's point of view, fucking isn't twice as good as a blow job. Me personally, I don't like fucking. It's exhausting. A blow job, sure. But fucking? No way! [laughs] This whole pricing system is a goddamn mess. You're sittin' there, you're sucking all those fucking dicks, fucking these guys. You gotta suck four dicks for two fucks. Honey, your numbers don't add up. Your neck is gonna fall off from sucking all those dicks. My mouth and cooter are like CarMax: no negotiating and close to the airport. Listen, let's cut the shit. I got $85 to my name. To my name, Connie. Eighty-five bucks gets you a knee job. That's over the pants. I just kind of rub my knee around on it. I promised this kid insertion. Insertion for 85 bucks? [laughs] I wouldn't let him insert a tampon for 85 bucks. OK, look. I'm gonna throw in a sweetener. It's an iPad, first-generation, which I'm sure you don't know anything about technology, that's nice. It does have a little crack on the screen, but who cares? You ever seen the movie Little Man Tate? It's fucking so good. You'll go nuts. Five hundred dollars, Ben. No negotiation. All right, fine. Put a squirt emoji in your iCal. You're having sex with a teenager tonight. I'm telling you, if we don't do well Saturday, Coach is gonna get fired. It's all over the school. If he gets fired, they're gonna get a real coach, and there's no way a real coach will let me play on the team. Look at me. I've got titties, for Chrissake. And I've got rabies. I'll bet a real coach would test for that, then I'm fucking fucked. And he's probably gonna be a stickler for knowing how to play basketball, which, honestly, is really not my thing. Yeah, none of us would be on this team without Coach. Well, I'd probably still be on the team since I get almost all of our points. Coach brought us all together. You guys are like family, except we don't date each other. Hell, I'll do anything to keep this group together. -Me too. -We've gotta save him. [rock music playing] [camera shutter clicks] Ben, I'm worried about you. You're worried about me? I'm worried about me. I only have $85 to my name, Dad, and I need another $415, and I need it now, or I'm done. I came from your nut. I lived inside your balls. I shot out your dick. Four hundred and fifteen bucks and we call our relationship even, square. Come on. Help a coach out. I'd love to help a coach out, but I don't see one here. [laughing] Look, they say winning isn't everything, but that's just to make failures like you feel better. How about some three-point bourbon shots on the house? [chuckles] Just make sure you tag the restaurant. Please, I need the money, Dad. Son, if I gave you money whenever you asked for it, I'd be as poor as you. Is that what you want for your dad? Look, I told you. I'll pay for graduate school. You can study business and help out here at the restaurant. Restaurant school, huh? So I can serve overpriced slop to your aging fans? I have bigger dreams than that. Oh, shit, Ben. I've heard your dreams. Even if you did have multiple dicks, no one's gonna suck them more than one at a time. You know what? I'm not gonna do this. Not here. Not in my restaurant. This is a classy family restaurant, you dickhead. If you're not gonna give me the money, then I'm gonna go to my wife and beg her. Ex-wife! And leave that poor woman alone, all right? She's been through enough. [horse brays] Oh, Shannon, you should see these two horses fuck each other. It reminds me of our first date when we watched those horses fucking each other. That was so funny. You know what was funny? I pretended your dick wasn't tiny our entire marriage. [laughs] Oh, that was fun. Look, until I sign the divorce papers, you're still my wife, and you're dating my best friend. I think it's pretty awesome that I'm cool with that. I don't give a fuck what you're cool with. That's why I left you, loser. Shannon, honey, look at me. I'm a desperate man. I need $415 today, or I lose my job and everything I've ever worked for. Help me out, please! Being a basketball coach is all I've ever dreamed of. Actually, know what this reminds me of? If you say the words, "Little Man Tate," I swear to God... You remember how Little Man Tate tripped on his own feet a bunch of times before you realize his gift of just being a little man stuck in a Tate's body? Ben, I'm not giving you any money. We are not getting back together, and I hate to break it to you, but Little Man Tate sucks. Thanks, Scott. There's a lot here. This really helps. We don't want you to lose your job, Coach. We love this team. Scott, I don't know what to say. Next! Who else has got money for Coach? Here, Coach. This is my monthly stipend for Weight Watchers. You have a stipend for Weight Watchers? I thought it was just a meal plan. Oh, Coach. It's so much more than that. They moved away from points, and it's been transformative. Look, I'll tell you what I told the only woman I ever loved. "You are beautiful just how you are, and you don't need bigger titties." Thanks, Coach. Here you go, Coach. I stole this from my little brother. You could pawn it. Probably get a hundred bucks. Thank you, Timebomb. This is great. When your little brother learns to talk, tell him, "Thanks." This is all my bar mitzvah money, Coach. I want you to have it. Thanks, Isaac. Although you know what? I deserve this money for sitting through that fucking thing. Shit music. Horrible food. Silly hats. I did like the chair thing though. Oh, and by the way, didn't they say at the end of that thing you'd become a man? When the fuck is that gonna happen? Technically, it has happened. My parents give me 20 bucks every time I get an "A," and I've invested wisely in Bitcoin. Well, thankfully, if you include the firearm, I already have the $415 here, so we don't need your space money. Great. I'll just hold on to it until the global economy inevitably collapses. So you got the money! Everything's gonna work out, right? [Ben] This is not where I wanted to be at this stage in my life. Offering illegal sex to an underage kid to help my career. I had so many plans. I wanna walk in a room and have people know who I am. I wanna turn heads. I'm sick of being anonymous! [Connie] Great speech, Ben. -[bones crack] -How tall do you say this kid is? Seven feet. You might want to stretch. [doorbell chimes] Coach! Oh, great. He knows where I live. Dog, you gotta stop creeping on me. I told you I don't wanna play basketball. [Connie] Yo! Am I fucking this kid or not? As you can see, I've kept my end of the bargain. Who is that? Connie. She's a woman of the night. She's not a ten but a solid six. Five maybe. Four at the worst. But what are you? A three? You should be so fucking lucky. Here, I got you some Magnums. You're a tall son of a bitch, so even if you've got a below-average schlong, I'm betting it's still pretty big. Now me, I was supposed to be tall, but my mom's short. My dad's got a python, but unfortunately, I got my mom's dick. Do you know you're talking out loud? Yeah, Matty. It's called recruiting. Coach, seriously, you gotta stop. No, I'll never stop, Matty, because we need you on this team, kid. And I'm here for you. And that's what being a coach is all about. So you wanna pork this chick or what? How about an HJ? Her pricing's crazy. I can get you a really good deal. -Coach, I don't think that's gonna happen. -Why not? I got her right here. Oh, shit! Connie, don't tell 'em nothing! I didn't. All I told 'em was you gave me 500 bucks to have sex with a kid. That's everything! You'll regret this, buddy. My dad owns a restaurant. [man] Good luck on Saturday, Coach. I'm so grateful that nobody fucked me in there! Sure, my ego's hurt a little, but nonetheless, thank you, God. Shan, whatever you're gonna say, I deserve it. This is the lowest of the low. The lowest I've been since that time nobody tried to butt-fuck me in prison a couple of hours ago. I'm gonna lose my job, Shannon, and it's all my fault. I can't believe I spent the team's money on a prostitute for Matty. You had those kids buy another kid a prostitute? Jesus Christ, Shannon! Are you even listening to me? I didn't have kids buy a prostitute. I bought the prostitute for a kid with money from other kids. You're a pervert. If you could sing or act, they'd make documentaries about you. Shan, I'm pouring my heart out here. I can't even talk to you anymore. You focus on all the wrong shit. My dream just died. I have nothing... except for you. [Shannon] No! You have nothing. [sniffles] -Can I help you, sir? -Yeah. Do you have something for a man whose dreams just died, and now he's got to work at his dad's boring-ass basketball-themed steakhouse for the rest of his life? Usually, the "I hate my dad" clothes are for women, but I'm sure we can find something. Follow me! [electronic music playing inside] You know, I should at least say goodbye to the guys. Where the heck have you been? The game's about to start. The school board is getting antsy. I assumed I was fired. I couldn't get Matty to play, and I was arrested for gettin' a hooker. You got arrested? Uh... If you didn't hear about it, then, uh, no, I didn't get arrested. Well, listen, Ben. I tried everything I could, but I think it would be best if you just put your resignation letter on my desk by tomorrow... is what I would be saying if you didn't get Matty. Wait. What are you talking about? I'm saying you got Matty. Was that not clear? I'm trying to be more fun. He's right over there. Holy shit! [both chuckling] Opal, you're right. That was way more fun! I like it! I like it. You did a good job! What the hell are you doing here, friend? Did Connie throw you a free one? That's why she's the best. Heart of gold, that woman. No, but what you did yesterday was the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me. Failing to get you a hooker was the nicest thing anyone ever did for you? Kid, you need better friends. It just showed that you really wanted me here. You know, no one in my entire life has ever wanted me anywhere. You know, my dad left when I was-- Boring! You're here. That's what matters. Matty, you're part of the team now, and we take care of each other here. I'm always gonna be there for ya. Now, are we just gonna stand here and jerk each other off, or are we gonna get out there and play some Colt basketball? [dramatic music playing] [whistle blows] -Time-out! Did you see that? -[whistle blows] We won the tip. We won the fucking tip! We haven't won a tip in eight years! It's a new day in Lenwood, you fuckers! Yeah. [laughing] You motherfuckers thought I couldn't do it. But the great Coach Hopkins proved you wrong. Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! Right. No one can take this moment away from me. The fucking tip, motherfuckers, with a seven-foot fucking giant. You're outta here! Whatever you want. I don't care, Greg. Usually, that'd make me go nuts, but you're looking at a whole new Coach Hopkins. I got my player. I got my job. I'm about to get my beautiful wife back. And my dad? He can go fuck his restaurant with all my dicks. I'm sorry I let you down, Coach. Let me down? We only lost by 16 points thanks to you. I can't remember the last time we got that close. The school board saw some real progress. Well, I guess I didn't hate it as much as I thought. Plus, it was pretty exciting when that cheerleader gave birth. It sure was, wasn't it? The magic of basketball. Coach, I... I gotta say this feels like a family here, you know? And I need that because... after my dad left, my mom had to work some crazy-- Boring! Sorry, the story was just really boring. No, I get it. It was... It was pretty boring. You're right. Matty, come here, you tall, lanky weirdo. I gotta say, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship, and that right there is a quote from Little Man Tate. I think. [Ben] It didn't download properly. I never got to see the whole movie. ♪ My home is in Kentucky ♪ ♪ And that is where I'll die ♪ ♪ I hope it's soon 'cause I presume ♪ ♪ It's all a waste of time ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 