The Secret Life of Couples: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Secret Life of Couples 
 s1e2 - A casa do caracol não é o caracol? Ou é? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Secret Life of Couples (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - A casa do caracol não é o caracol? Ou é? - full transcript 
 The death of her patient Daniel is deeply troubling to Sofia. Inspector Figueira and Detective Luis interrogate Sofia but she refuses to talk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm a sexologist. That's my job, revealing secrets. My business is sex. This is a space we created which is very special and has helped many people. Miranda is my associate. At Tantra you will learn to awaken the sexual energy in your body. I think you're fine. I'm discharging you. No, Daniel, no. We've gotten past that. Daniel, we can meet at 10:00 AM tomorrow. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Don't worry. Nobody is going to see us. Vicente? I'm Renata the photographer. Vicente, work on Edgar Heleno Andreazza. The ex Senator at Banco Andreazza? Believe it or not, he's as clean as a whistle. Otero, Edgar won't take my calls and this might not be the right time. We can call it off. You're not calling it off. It's too late. - Sof¡a, they're after me. - Daniel, they don't exist. It's the same panic attack you've already had. It's all in your mind. Keep this safe. Not a word to anyone. Daniel, don't leave. Stay here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 THE SECRET LIVES OF COUPLES IS THE SNAIL'S SHELL THE SNAIL OR NOT? We have a few questions. We know the victim was here with you. Can you tell us about that? Did you hear anything weird that caught your attention? A scream, a vehicle? Can you tell us about that? Can you tell us anything else about that? Did you hear anything weird? A scream, a vehicle? His last call was to you saying he was coming over. Good day, ma'am. Nice to meet you, I'm Figueira. The commissioner. I have some questions for you if you don't mind. I told the other officer everything I know. You need to be patient with us, ma'am, because under the circumstances you must answer more questions than you'd like to, and they might even be the same questions. - Can I have a moment please? - Sure. You were the last person to see Daniel alive. No, I was definitely not the last person. Daniel Galviano was your patient for approximately three years. Wasn't he? How often per week? It varied a lot. But if you need me to I can ask my P.A. to send you a complete list of our sessions. Were any of your sessions in the middle of the night? No. Do you usually treat your patients at your place? No. Okay. So his being at your place in the middle of the night was that an exception? Or wasn't it an appointment? Daniel had a breakdown, so I treated him. He had a breakdown. Okay. What kind of breakdown? A patient's symptoms can be a very complex issue. I won't label his condition just to answer you right now. But if you need me to elaborate, I could delve into the clinical details. You're a sexologist, right? I suppose your patients have sexual issues, right? That's a very simplified definition since the issues are connected and affect several areas. What about Daniel? Did he have any sexual issues? I never define or label my patients like that. Please drop the medical terms and be brief, just go straight to the point. Did Daniel have any issues? Any deviation that could lead us somewhere? What persons or places did he visit regularly? Because surely being the sexologist you are, you know how many surprising things people can do for sex. I think that our ways of looking at things are a little different. Okay. Was he gay? No. I guess my mind must be much simpler because I think a guy who isn't gay who goes to a woman's house at 3:30 AM, needs anything but a medical consultation. I'll be in contact. Have a nice day. What time was that? The entire system crashed? What do you mean? That's totally impossible. And the backup? What a piece of crap! How could the whole thing just crash? Did you call Daniel? Fine. Okay. Okay. Otero! What the hell is going on? Hi, you've reached Miranda. I can't take your call. Please leave a message. Thank you very much. - And? - We can't find Daniel. - Just find him! - We've got everybody looking for him. Gentlemen. I've just been informed that Daniel was mugged. He was killed this morning. It's your fault we have tons of tickets. This time I guarantee you can park here. You and your guarantees caused us 1,000 tickets. Have we ever paid a fine? Let's not start today. - And the points on the license? - I'll call a friend at the DMV. You always say that. He never calls you back. What are you bitching about? We don't stand for three hours at that filthy window, now we have to go to Santana and file papers with our fingers crossed. Screw that! And I have to take this? Bureaucracy's ruining this country, not me. I'll talk to Adelaide. This has to stop, Macedo. Half an hour in a bank line? What's that? We're specialists. Not some damn gophers. - No! - Specialists. - Open the damn door. - Let's go. Adelaide, we miss you. Why don't you come back to the station? The coffee is just awful. Is that all I can do, brew coffee? You're great at everything, gorgeous. Sorry, Figueira. Go ahead. Continue. Luis, you know your phone has three calls from Daniel the day he was murdered. He phoned you at 12:45. Can you confirm that? Tell him I'll call him. I was working with Daniel. He was helping me out with a case I'm investigating. The fake diamond case? That's all, Adelaide. Sorry, we're all friends here. I thought captain Figueira would be able to help. Fake diamond? What is that all about? There's something more important which is why Daniel had to die. Let's focus on that. Don't discuss it if you will, but you can't withhold info. Figueira, I always share everything with you. But this is a complicated case and I have nothing to share yet. Yes but you want information about a dead guy. Could his being an informant be related? That's what I need to know. Luis, our job is complicated. When we start an investigation, things can splatter all over the place. But that's not our fault, we just do what we have to. That happens, but I guarantee you that we stop even worse things from happening. That's all there is for now, Figueira. I have to take this. I'll keep you informed. Hello. Look who's here! It's the almighty Godfather! - Hello Figueira. - Figueira! Screw that Captain Nascimento. Don't you miss us? Admit it. You miss us, right? You left a man's job to enjoy the good life. Did you notarize those papers? And where are the copies? Adelaide, each hair of his is worth a fortune. He's our star crime fighter. You should be on TV, buddy. TV my foot, he should quit and come work with us. Is it a man's job? No, it's just the easy stuff. Were you staking out a motel all day long? Watching some hottie cheating on her husband? Piece of cake. - Where are you going? - Some of us have to work. Did anyone witness your seizure? No. It started after Daniel left. Before he died? So it wasn't triggered by watching him die? No, it happened earlier. I had a kind of vision. You're not taking your medication. Yes, I am taking it. I took it afterwards. You're lying again, Sof¡a. You said you were medicated. You won't take your meds even knowing... I need to... I need to keep an open channel in my mind. What channel? A channel to a disorder, to your instability? One that can ruin your career and your life? I can't do this. I just can't live like this, stoned all the time. Those... Those visions I have, those, those flashes are moments of such clarity, they are my gut feelings, that's when I communicate with something much stronger and bigger than me. We've discussed it so much. Stop fooling yourself, it's like a drug. These visions of yours are not some kind of divine explanation. No, they are just the product of your schizophrenia. And if anyone finds out, you are screwed. You'd lose everything you worked for. I did not believe him. He said he was in danger, asked me for help and I didn't believe him. Hey, hey, hey. Stop blaming yourself. It's not your fault, honey. A patient can say things that make no sense anytime. But I had a feeling, it's just that I couldn't... That death was emotionally shocking, but it was a mugging. People get mugged all the time in this town. No, it was not a mugging. But you'll tell everybody it was a mugging. You're in no condition to judge. You're very upset, Sof¡a. Miranda, Miranda, it was not a robbery. I saw... I saw something. But I just can't figure out what it was I saw, I just... Expecting someone? I don't remember. I'll get it. I was in contact with Daniel regarding one of the cases I'm investigating, and I'd like to speak with her. I'm afraid Sof¡a's in no condition to see anyone. She's very upset. It was a huge blow. It's okay. I'll talk to him. But I don't think I can help you. I told the other officer everything I know. I'm not a police officer. My name is Luis. I'm a corporate investigator. I know it's a bad time for you. I won't be long. I have nothing else to say. I understand. But didn't Daniel make any kind of comment, or speak about any kind of situation he might've been involved in? Or about someone who was threatening him for any reason whatsoever? Any imminent danger? I don't think we can predict a mugging. But it wasn't a mugging. Everything indicates it was. No. Everything indicates it was made to look like a mugging. I prefer that side of the story. It's very difficult for me and risky in my line of work having a patient who was murdered. I guess it is. Especially if he was killed after leaving your house in the middle of the night. Hold it mister! Do you realize that in this investigation you are a person of interest? Okay, if you remember anything, or if you need my assistance, just give me a call. Thank you. - Did they plan this thing? - Yes they did. With all the security measures I've implemented in the bank, somebody just crashed the entire system? And with all the money I pay you guys, your brilliant minds still can't recover the data? Why can't you track them down! Operations are limited, we're doing everything we can. Everything you can my foot! Nothing and everything you can are the same thing! The damage is already done. This is an investment bank. If any of this leaks anywhere, the result will be a tidal wave! And you're doing all you can? Just one rumor, one little rumor, and the effect will be exponential. We could cause a major crash in the stock market. - With Daniel's death... - This isn't about his death. It's about a major scandal that'll ruin all of us. It's slow, right? It's a heavy file with 400 pictures. Vicente, did you know the guy from the bank died? Edgar had a note published. Who was he? Daniel Galviano. Daniel Galviano? Did you get that name at the party? I'm not sure. Did I? Maybe he walked by, or he was with some big shot. You only see the big shots, right? If they're simple mortals, this goddess ignores them. I hate parties, my friend. I can't stand a bunch of people in a room, especially that kind. I'm not like some people who look for stiffs on the road. Taking pictures of the living isn't better than the stiffs? The living can turn into stiffs at any time. That's him. I jotted down his name, but I forgot it. I'm feeling better. Great. Great! That makes it worth everything. You'll notice how you leave it all behind you. All the stress, the anxiety, all of that will be a thing of the past. You won't even remember them in no time. You have no idea... how much I appreciate what you're doing for me. I'm not doing it for you. I don't even like you. I'd do it for anybody. It's my job. I feel happy today. All of that made me a new person. Even if only for a moment. But I suddenly see a spark, a glimpse of the man I could be. And the man you are. Now we need to yank out everything you're not. Everything that was put in you but isn't you. It isn't me? No. So the snail's shell is not the snail? Or is it? So the snail's shell is not the snail? Or is it? Daniel was one of the best and most ethical professionals I have ever worked with. He was a commendable human being. Dedicated. A friend to his friends. A man we had the pleasure and privilege to know. Daniel was the victim of a robbery, of this city's rampant violence. Our foundation will make a donation in his name to strengthen the war against violence. These kinds of crimes took in the most cowardly way the life of a very honorable human being. Hello, Edgar. Vicente from "Portal" magazine. I spoke with your editor. We agreed that the story would focus, apart from the schools of course, on the war on violence, a cause which from now on, due to this terrible loss of mine, I will personally embrace. It's good to see such a great example from the private sector. But I don't see myself as any kind of example. I want to leave a substantial mark on society. Vicente, right? - Vicente, yes. - Excuse me. We need to talk. - This is my daughter Giordana. - Hello. Vicente is writing a story about our foundation. I'd love to speak with your wife and daughter. - If she speaks well about me. - I'd rather avoid the media. But it's about your social activities. Your investment in education and safety. It's all the result of a lot of hard work. I'm a hard worker myself as Giordana knows. I can relate to that. Wouldn't you make an exception so that we can talk? Fine, if it's really about the positive press, because the negative press attacks on all fronts. I promise it'll be an interesting piece. May I make an appointment? I'm sure my secretary is able to accommodate you. - Have a nice day. Come. - Bye. Nothing's impossible, Gouveia. I want the very best experts. We hired only the best experts in the market, Edgar. I bought the safest software in the country, which is constantly updated and monitored by the very best team there is, and now you're telling me our bank can be actually hacked? What kind of morons am I working with? The team's boss was killed. That might explain it. Daniel was mugged. That has nothing to do with it. Is the BORDE meeting still on? No, we're not telling BORDE a word about this. Or the public either. But we need to call the cops if we were hacked. We're not getting the cops or anyone else involved! This crime, this mugging, already attracted too much attention. Sof¡a, you know what I want? Some practical sessions. I think we've discussed it a lot theoretically, done so much analysis, the theme itself is worn thin. And S? rgio agrees with me this time. Is S? rgio doing drugs again? - I can't deny it. - And you? No, not even weed. Does some wine at night count? Some tea? I love that tea. Let's toast to our sessions at Tantra. Fernanda, you're not ready for Tantra yet. Not in the stage you guys are at now. I think that Tantra, at the stage you and S? rgio are in now, would not be beneficial. But everybody recommends it a lot. There's no "everybody." Just individual issues. Can you see yourself and Sergio in a room with other people? Think about how that would affect S? rgio's obsession with having sex in public. Well, yes. I guess he'll probably enjoy knowing other people are watching him. So what's the problem? Isn't that what they do? Doesn't everybody see what everybody else does? No, nobody cares what anybody else does. Everybody is focused on their personal issues, on their experiences, on dealing with their problems, learning, exploring. That's what I want. That's what I want! I want to rediscover myself. I want to feel all that desire. All that ecstasy, all that madness! Nanda, that's not our goal here in Tantra. Our goal is quite different. Our sessions can't be used to stimulate even more your desire to feel more and more adrenalin. ?Do you understand? In your particular case, Tantra would be a distortion. Maybe I'm really doing all this just to please S? rgio? Or maybe I'm an addict now? My mind is in total confusion. Well, here's to confusion. Bye, that's enough overtime for you. That's okay. We've covered the main issues. And Nanda, everything happens in due time. - Promise to think about it? - Yes, promise to take care? I promise. Bye. Feeling better? You look very different, a lot happier. No I'm not. I don't know. It's been a long day. Cancel all my appointments for today, okay? You have no more sessions because of the conference. My God! I totally forgot about the conference. They're picking you up. You requested some time to get ready. Can I do something for you? Anything to help? Did Pedro leave a message? Any kind of news? Not yet. Don't worry about it. I'll tell you if he does. But hey, you look a lot better already. I like seeing you like that. HAPPY ELEVENTH BIRTHDAY RENATA Well, well. As punctual as ever, Luiz. Thanks to my lifestyle I'm always apologizing for being late. To whom? Not to me. I've never heard you apologize. You could improve your lifestyle. Who's my role model, you? You're always cooped up in "Portal", with your brain plugged into a computer. Is your life for real, or is it all just virtual? Virtual sex. Envy is lethal you know. Is it the girl I met? Yes. Michele. She's very pretty, but I don't think your mom will like her. Yes. I don't think she will. Okay. Let's go. Five years without Virginia. Five years already. I guess she's around here looking at us. Sometimes I find myself thinking I need to call her. I almost never called her. I didn't call my own wife, much less my sister. We barely spoke. You spoke to her enough for her to like you. Let's not talk about guilt. No, no, life is what it is. It's what it lets us be. Don't feel guilty about anything because you were a great son. Are you listening to me? I'm talking to you. You were a great son. Get rid of the guilt already. That's enough. I said nothing about guilt. - You're always brooding. - I'm not brooding, Luiz. Getting to the hospital or not would've made no difference. You know that, right? Get that in your head once and for all. If not, coming here will only be painful for you. It's not the loneliness you feel because I'm lonely too. Your mom would be very upset to see you feeling this guilty. Just stop it. You're so mistaken. Your mom was the best mom ever, my wonderful sister, and we did everything we possibly could. Excuse me, Sof¡a. A detective Luiz is here to see you. I really don't understand what you do here. What is this place? Some kind of sex spa? Our practical sessions are actually therapeutical, they are part of our program. Our goal is to make people feel happier. And I'd like you to speak about this place with the same respect that all of us do. No. No, I apologize if I seemed to be sarcastic, that was definitely not my intention. I read the recommendations on the Internet. So I know how you approach that subject here, it's just that I'm new to this, but it does seem to be very interesting. Luiz, I don't think you're here about a program for you and your wife. No, Alice and I are fine. Thanks. So what do you want? Sof¡a, Daniel's car was parked right in front of your house. You said he came over because he had a panic attack. Then he left and you shut the door. That's right. A patient had a panic attack in the middle of the night. Didn't you make sure even through the window that he got in his car? I saw him get in the car through the window. Did he leave? That's something I really didn't notice. I was very tired. But as his therapist, did you make sure your patient left safely? Of course. But you said you didn't see what happened to Daniel, that you didn't witness the crime. If I had seen anything I would've called for help. Right. Just like you, I work and speak to people under critical circumstances. Serious issues, crises. And for some reason I can't explain, I know you're lying. But I trust you. You can trust me too. I'm not a police officer, I won't get you in any trouble. But I really need you to get to the bottom of this. Alright. Thank you. If you need anything you know where to find me. Thank you. You job is a struggle to find happiness. In my job, the struggle is to do justice. Yes, Drica, go ahead. No. No, I'm not ready yet, but I'll be there very soon. In this world we live in, in the current era that we live in, we are constantly being bombarded by hundreds of millions of bits of information, by images, by bad news, and we don't know how to defend ourselves. In fact, we don't even notice it. We are simply building layer upon layer on ourselves, which accumulate and turn into a huge mass, a weight, a burden, and we carry that burden around every day, without even realizing it. We cannot allow these things to invade our personal space, our homes, our minds, our hearts. Now, can you imagine how much this interferes with our lives, with our love lives, with our relationships, with our sex lives, with our intimacy, with our dedication, and our moments of pleasure? More than ever we need to realize that our senses, even our pores are saturated with things that aren't ours, things that are forced upon us. And discard the things that harm us, and can seriously hurt us. Do not allow yourselves to be invaded by anything that isn't essential to you. - Thank you. Bye. - Bye. - Can I have an autograph? - Sure. I read your book. It helped me a lot. It's one of few things I find helpful. I'm glad to hear that. The next one is due soon. - Can I have your office number? - Yes, of course. The Tantra Institute. - Bye. - Bye. Sorry about the delay. Which one are you sorry about? Today's delay? Yesterday's delay, or the day before? All of them. Luca, did you do your homework? You can play later. I'm talking to you. - He did. I saw it. - Doesn't he ever answer? Mom, I'm going to Bi's place. I did my biology project. Can I stay overnight? No, Lu, stay here with your dad for a while. We can watch a movie or a video. I'm here all the time. You're the one that's not here. Now that we're both here, let's have popcorn. You can pick the movie. What's it called again? - I'm studying with Bi, Dad. - You don't need to study. - You did your project? - Right. You don't need to study now. Pretend you're studying while we watch this. This is just wonderful! All of us together watching a movie. I feel like making candy popcorn. - I want some! - So he does hear us. I have to take this. Hello. Did they take anything? Is there any sign of violence? Any smashed windows, or anything like that? Did you call the cops? You need protection. I can have your home guarded. Not getting any protection at a time like this is absurd. Where are you? Okay. There's an emergency. I have to go. - Dad! - Sorry. I have to go, Lo. I promise we'll watch it together later. Okay. Bye Dad. I'm fine, thanks. Good evening, Sof¡a. - Thanks for coming. - No problem. - Would you like some wine? - No. I'll have a coffee. Why didn't you call the cops? I've had it with the cops and getting involved in that. It's not what you want. You already are involved. It's not just my image that's at stake. It's Tantra's image. I can't hurt my life's work. If you'll just trust me I can help you. Daniel didn't die during a robbery. No. No he didn't. And they didn't break in your place to rob you either. No, it could've been a robbery. It might not be related. Has anyone been pressuring you in any way whatsoever? Phone calls? No. Do you know anyone who might want something from you and why? Anyone you know who could be suspicious? No. Whoever broke in your house, what were they looking for? I don't know. Money? Jewels? You don't believe that. You know you're in danger. You need protection. I'll have your home guarded. They didn't find anything they were looking for, they've discarded me, so they'll leave me alone. Don't you need to help find out who did that to Daniel? Don't you want that? Of course I do, very much. Then you need to tell me everything you know. It's all off the record. We don't even need to involve the cops in it. I don't like Figueira. What's there to like? You and Daniel... What did you talk about? That's a confidential matter between a patient and his therapist. Right, but he might've told you something that can give us a clue and put us on the right track. Nothing Daniel told me is relevant to the case. Did you two have a more intimate relationship? What do you mean? A romance. Did you have a romance? No. They broke into his apartment too. They searched everything. He had... ...a lot of pictures. Pictures of you. You might not want to talk to me. But be prepared. Because for the cops, this is going to be enough. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 