The Secret Life of Couples: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Secret Life of Couples 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Secret Life of Couples (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Julio's here to give us a hand. Is the president a handicap? Is there anything against him? The group is made up of Edgar Eleno Andreazza, Jorge Navarro of Totterman, Armando Venancio, an agribusiness tycoon, and Demétrio. And he controls the politicians. Take the case all the way to the Supreme Court. With Serapião in charge, it won't be a problem. I thought about it, Tato. What's a great tax-free business? Sex, drugs. Both, together. - What do you hope to find here? - To have sex with you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Does sarcasm help you deal with these issues, Christian. Daniel willed his entire estate to Tantra. Daniel was my brother. - All I want is justice. - We'll find a way to get it. Don't you want things to improve? Not with this money. Not at the cost of Daniel's life. I saw the murder. I saw Otero exit the car after murdering Daniel. I run a security test company with my partner Hector. What they did to the computer is what they did to her. Elimination of evidence. We'll find them, I swear. Is that the Norton Triad you mentioned? The hacker used a computer inside the bank itself. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You picked the wrong girl to rob! - We know who killed your sister. WE'RE BEING WATCHED ALL THE TIME What do you mean a war casualty? Sometimes innocent people die, like civilians, people who shouldn't die. While the criminals stay alive, robbing our education, healthcare and law enforcement. We're against the corrupt bigwigs who think they're above the law of the land. Are you in some kind of movement? - It's too early to say. - What do you want? Do you want to avenge your sister's death? We followed the leads your sister was investigating. - We're out to get the same criminals. - How? - You can help us. - I'm not in any kind of movement. You don't need to be, you can still help us. You and Hector, the guy that works with you. Don't they hire you guys? Cybersecurity companies outsource your services. We need you to find a flaw in their firewall. We haven't been able to find a security flaw. Whose system? We can only tell you if you agree to cooperate. - And if I refuse? - You're free to go. Nobody will force you to do anything, Roberta. - Okay. - Okay? Sure, what system do you want to break into? Totterman's computer security. - Totterman? - Yes. The arms manufacturer? Why? The guy is Jorge Navarro, one of the masterminds behind the operation. The problem is their high-tech security system. We need to access Triad. - But I was working precisely on them. - I know. - Were you guys spying on me? - Let's call it a fortunate coincidence. - I don't believe in coincidences. - Nor do I. What about Triad? There is no Triad. It's a front organization. It's just Totterman's slush fund. If we can access it, we'll find everything we need. I see. What's the plan? My name is Afonso. I'm a CPA in a big company. I'm married. I have an adult son who's very independent. My life has always been dull. Until all this happened. Coming here was a very tough decision. Did what happen help you make that decision? Yes, it did. I mean, it was... It was more of an awareness process. But it's still very difficult. You don't need to rush things here. Take your time. Just speak when you feel it's the right time. Right. Can I...? Can I use your restroom? Sure. It's that door. Excuse me. Can I start all over again? It's easier to show it to you than talk about it. I'd rather try to be this than explain it. - Sure. Have a seat. - Thanks. I'm not quite sure how to define all this, and that's why I'm here. I just think... The only thing I'm sure about is that this allows me to be the other person who lives inside me. You can be anyone you want here. Well, my name is... I couldn't make up my mind between Gloria, Shirley or Laysa. Then I decided Gloria was most appropriate. - So Gloria it is. - Nice to meet you, Gloria. Thank you. I knew you wouldn't judge me. Neither should you judge yourself. You just need to be whoever you feel you are. Thank you. That means a lot to me. How did Gloria show up? How did it begin? Well... When I was a littlegirl, I used to go through my mom's and my sister's clothes, but I didn't try them on, I just caressed them. I didn't dare wear them. You see, I didn't even know I wanted to wear them. But I knew there was a world unlike mine out there. One in which there was more fantasy. There was silk, satin. My world was gray, harsh, one without any kind of hope. And that made me sad. What happened the first time you wore them? The first time you entered that other world? That took a while. I was ashamed. It was just before I got my CPA license. It happened by chance at my wife Celia's place, who was then my fiancée. She lived at her parents' house. The bathroom was upstairs. So I went upstairs. She was cooking dinner with her mom. Behind the door I saw some of her mom's clothes. It happened there, I locked the door and... First I put on a push-up bra. Then a dress with a print. It must've been hideous. But at that precise moment everything looked beautiful. That was the first time I dressed up. - Did you tell Celia? - Certainly not. We got married a year later. So you were attracted to women. In a way I was, we even had children. But at the same time I didn't think I was gay. Did you ever feel attracted to men? I had a difficult childhood. I don't want to talk about that. I was terrified that a friend of mine might be gay and start hitting on me, that totally freaked me out! But then later on I realized that actually, I played out a version I had made up of myself. - And now? - Now? Now I'm two different people. I keep Gloria inside. I've never used a dress in front of anyone. This is my first time. And I live in this gray, harsh world, which will never accept me as I am. How do you know that? How can you be so sure? I have everything, Luis, it's a bombshell article. The problem is having it but not being able to prove it. No, you know what the problem is? The problem is you're a quitter. You just quit. You get the info and do nothing about it. We know the hacking was an inside job, that Edgar's involved, we know all about Daniel's death, Rogério's and now Renata's. But we can't prove their deaths are linked. We can't prove anything. I have some important information. An eyewitness saw Otero exiting Daniel's car the night of the murder after he killed him. That's all we need, Luis. But she can't testify because... I can't tell you why. Luis, we have an eyewitness. But nobody will believe anything she says. Who is she? - Who is she? - I can't tell you. You know what? I'll publish the hacking article and see how people react. - Let's see what happens. - Are you still dating his daughter? That could be a problem. You'll be confronting Edgar face to face. I know what I'm doing, and mind your own business. I hear lots of people are minding your business. But that's not a problem. If you've made up your mind, go ahead. I'm publishing it... for Renata. Your mom would be proud of you, to see the kind of man you've become. Just remember, some things in life cannot be undone. Do your patients fall in love with you, Sofia? No. So, would I be the first to fall in love with you? You're not falling in love, Christian. You're much too smart to get carried away by transference in a therapeutic relationship. You don't know what my weaknesses are. Do you know what they are? I like that about you, you're smart and assertive, which I consider great qualities. Want to know my weaknesses? If I open that door, you'll take advantage of them. How would I do that? You're everything I'm not, and everything I believe that isn't real. How so? You're firm, confident, serene. You do what is right, you put things in order. I don't. I create disorder. Whatever I do causes conflicts. I think that's karma, karma. Do you believe in that? I'm sure you do with that mystic aura of yours. My karma is damaging everything I touch. Christian, you were forced to seek therapy. You could've quit coming. But you decided to continue. Why is that? I was curious. To get to know you better. Or to get to know yourself, which takes a long time. I have all the time in the world, Sofia. A guy standing here... all alone in a room... with a woman. Doesn't that wave any red flags at you? No. It does to me. Man, it's almost 5:00 pm! - Been up long? - About 30 minutes. I'm ordering a sandwich. I'm starved. Want one? Michele. I'm glad I found you. I've been thinking about you quite a lot, you know? I've thought a lot about you. I'm starting a new business. There's a section which I think could do with a woman's touch. You came to the right person. I did a great job at the art gallery. Even the art market was hit by this slump, putting me out of business. They're all shutting down. It's awful. You quit that money laundering racket? No. My clients were connoisseurs of fine art, Erick. Right. And we'll continue working with those... ...connoisseurs. - Bourbon. Straight. You? - Dry Martini. Did you tape your sessions with Daniel? Can I see the tapes? You're asking for permission to see them? You didn't ask for permission to hack my computer. If I had taped them you would've certainly seen them. They might be saved in a hard-drive. Did you break into my house? Ransacked the whole place that night during my lecture? - No, that wasn't me. - Is that true? I have no reason whatsoever to lie to you. I never broke into your house or had somebody do it. I want you on my side as my ally, not against me. That's your new way of getting the password. I don't have any reason to lie to you either, or the slightest intention of being your ally. I have a lot of respect for you, I've come to know you better, and I want you to forgive me for any inconvenience I caused. You're such a control freak. You play physical, emotional, and psychological games. You control everybody with your utopian and idealistic promise to make everybody do exactly what you want. - Would you do what I want? - Give you the password? Take the tape out so I can see you. You want me to trust you, but you don't trust me. I can't even hear your real voice. Why must I hear that distorted voice, and see this image that's not even you? If you trust me, why don't you show your face? - I'm not a hooker. - I didn't say that. Good. But wasting your best assets is a real shame. A pretty woman like you. You should put your talent to good use. You need to capitalize on your expertise, because the cash isn't in the art gallery, but it's out there, tons of cash everywhere. Where do I come in? You can recruit the girls. A few at first. You select the girls. Only the hottest. But totally trustworthy. New to town. No daddy. No husband. No man, no owner. Got it? The kind that don't think, don't talk, don't listen. Nice skin. Thirtyish is too old. - Too old? - Client requirements, not mine. Basically, they need to be classy like you, chic. - Guaranteed. - I know. Speaking of business, what's my share? You have two options, Michele. You're either with me or you aren't. But if you're with me, you'll have your own kingdom. I was born to be a queen, baby. You can trust me. I will never betray you. I know. So we're putting the girls out there? Our business is bigger than that. It'll be a distribution network. We have a list of clients, well-heeled people, with fixed weekly escorts. Guys that pay well who won't take any risks. Our client won't need to expose himself. No hassle, no need to go anywhere. He calls the service when needed, the girl goes there, a normal date, like it should be. The girls do their job by keeping our clients happy. It's an exclusive club. Clients make monthly payments plus a fee depending on the order. Top-of-the-line members only. Red carpet treatment. It's like a VIP lounge. Sounds like a great business. It'll be a success. It's got everything I like. Okay, Michele. We're expecting you. Kiss. Bro, Michele's coming over with the new chicks. Party time! It's not a party, it's a recruitment. Cool it, I'm great at trying them out. Tato, this is not a game. It's a business. Got it. Just kidding. They need training to know what to do out there. How to enter a lobby, talk to a security guard. - This is serious, okay? - Sure, man, whatever. Our clients are all VIP, the best of the best. So I want class. But I also want innocent little faces, uninhibited but innocent, okay? I want an atmosphere of cute, innocent faces, that do porn without knowing it. They like them fresh, so every one of you is almost untainted. We'll play out a client's first date, so you need to be fully trained. No improvisation allowed. Got it? Look straight at them and be sexy. You need to be glamorous. No bad taste allowed. You need to act like girls from nice families. Look at your back! You're slouching, like you're begging pardon. I want you to be assertive, confident, sure of yourselves. Girls who never ever let a client down. What's the matter? Got the blues? No? You sure had me fooled. That face and that attitude will turn off anybody. That won't turn on a guy, honey. So stand up straight, lift your face up and give us a smile. Smile, smile. You call that a smile? What a turn-off! My name is Yara, I'm a model. I mean... That's what I tell everybody. Even my own folks. But saying that here to you is ridiculous. - Say anything you want. - I'm tired of lying. I make up a new name every single week. Is Yara a fake name? No, Yara is my real name. The name my mom gave me. I was born deep in Minas, in a little village that's not even on the map. My mom raised me and my two brothers. She worked in the fields and did all the housework. And I... I deserted her. I said I wanted to study, and I did. But I dropped out. So the next option was obvious. You turn to hooking and thank God you can. At first I liked it. It was fun. I went out at night. Went to fine restaurants. São Paulo is very glitzy, lots of expensive cars. I learned to do everything you can possibly think of. But all of a sudden I was disgusted by it. Disgusted of myself, the men, of everything. If I had to do a blowjob I felt like I was going to puke. So I had to think about something else. I was so disgusted and fed up of the whole thing. - I had a lot of sex feeling like that. - And now? Now I need to continue working and I don't know what to do. So why did you come to me? Because of a client who told me about you. - And? - And I need help. Anything, so I can have sex without feeling nauseous. What do you think that might be? I don't know, a pill or something, anything. I saw tons of porn sites to try to turn me on. But the worst part is I can't tell anybody about it. People are evil. If they find out, I won't be able to work anymore, because who wants to screw a girl that feels like puking? And the competition is stiff. I can't tell my girlfriends. They'd spill the beans. Money is all that matters to them. I've tried booze, drugs, all kinds of stuff. They only make me even more nauseous. I'd really like to help you. But there's an intrinsic link between the physical, emotional, psychic and spiritual aspects which no kind of medication can cure. I don't follow you. You developed a... A loathing of sex. Of the way you have sex, which created a vicious circle of abuse, of self-abuse and abusing others, of the values your mother taught you. And that type of conflict, no pill can fix, no matter how potent it is. There are medications, drugs that numb you, that make you sluggish, which relieve the pain at the moment, but which don't get rid of what is inside you. Yara, you need to understand what it is you want. Decide how you want to live your life. You want to be an escort? Does that make you happy? Fine. If it doesn't create a conflict of ideas, no problem. There's no judgment here, no morality. The choice is yours, Yara. But you have to enjoy it. Siblings are not considered legal heirs. And we have a totally legal will. That's exactly what we're going to challenge. There was clearly undue influence of a vulnerable person. There was no such influence. And you have no right to make such groundless accusations. My brother was very vulnerable and I know he was psyched into signing that will by the sexual activities you practice all the time. Girl, you don't know what you're saying. I can sue you for slander. Calm down, calm down, please. Let's be civil here. Wasn't a reconciliation the reason for this meeting? - I'm a serious professional. - Some professional! You make a living doing hand jobs. - Bitch! Get out of here! - You're the bitch! Out, out, get out of here! I invigorated my adrenalin, my serotonin, my dopamine. My neurotransmitters are transmitting just fine. - I feel like I'm floating. - Great, Nanda. I'm so happy for you. Don't you think the source of all that excitement shouldn't be necessarily external? That you yourself can produce it internally? You think so? I'm not that self-sufficient. If you always depend on how events unfold, you'll never be satisfied. But that's the way I am. Never satisfied. Like you say... That's me. I step on the gas, burn oil, that's me. I'm going to meet my Nemesis, to straighten things out with her ex-husband. With Marta's ex-husband? Ricardo? Do you know...? You know Ricardo. He's such a pain in the neck. He wants custody of the girls, fights with everybody, a mess. He hates my guts, but I'll let him have it. I need to talk to him. Kiss. - Good luck. - Thanks. We're in a neutral place, nobody's armed. Can we play fair? I don't know. Have you ever played fair? Can we have a conversation without all the name-calling? I'm here. So, how can I help you? Although we men are of no use to you, right? - Keep that up and I'll leave. - Fine, who's stopping you? But I'll stay because you need to hear me out. Quit this war already. It's wearing us out. Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt your honeymoon. I didn't even know you. I ended up in this situation unwillingly, suddenly. I met Marta, we were both vulnerable, and we found ourselves in a space that provided support, safety and confidence. What space, a bed? Beds aren't safe. In fact they're dangerous. It wasn't about sex. It was about affection, maybe even a need. It took us both by surprise. It just happened. You seduced Marta, taking advantage of her moment of weakness. - No! I swear! - Yes. You took advantage of her sex issues and ruined our marriage. Nobody ruins a marriage. It was over already. It happens. - It was not about sex. - Yes, it was! What can I get you? - Coffee? - A double espresso. - Have you got Irish coffee? - What? No. - Whiskey? - Yes. Pour some coffee and cream in the whiskey, and that's it. Cancel my order. I'll have the same whiskey thing he ordered. Something to eat? I'm starved. What sandwiches have you got? - I'll have the Caprese. - Make it two. See how fighting doesn't get us anywhere? It's relieving, right? - Well, do you feel relieved? - No. You were so mean to me and you're still not relieved? - It's stuck in here. - Please! - I had a marriage. - A sexless one. So, was sex amazing with Marta? I'm not going to talk about our intimacy. - You can tell me. I'm family. - No, I won't, I barely know you. - Didn't you guys talk about me? - Sure. - So, what's the problem? - I'm not going to... You guys just talked about me. About if I'm good in bed or not. If I can cum or not. - What else? - I want to know if the sex is great. So, how is it? - No. - You don't have sex? - Very rarely. - See? See? That's Marta alright. I knew I wasn't the problem. She doesn't like it. She's the problem. - Maybe you don't like it? - Me? Yes, you can tell me. You can tell me now that we're just friends. My entire body is a potential orgasm, honey. Said not by me, but by professional therapists. You have no idea how wild all this can get. Okay, fine. Yes, so... What I mean is we can try. Not if you don't want to. But it could be a possibility for us. I mean an opportunity - ...to give it a try... - I know. I can't explain it, these things are so... I didn't get a word of what you just said. It was nothing. Just a theory. - Great Irish coffee, right? - Right. The idea came out of nowhere and it's great! The coffee does this, but the whiskey does... - Want another? - Yes. Hey. Where's everybody? That's it... Staff cuts. Reorganization. - Precisely now, that we have Julio? - Yes. - How does that affect the case? - They put it on standby. Is it official? No, but they're shutting down the investigation. - They even cut our budget. - I don't think they'll close the case. That would look really bad if it leaked. Norberto requested the investigation records. Fine, they were always available. He could have checked them. They're actually complaining that it's taken you a while and there's no real proof. No, there's proof alright, and a lot of it. But now, one of the suspects is the president. I get that, but we are a government agency so we can't accuse the president, he has his privileges. Julio, don't you think that no matter who's accused, from whatever political party, we should maintain our independence and continue investigating? It's not a matter of believing. It's the law. He can't even do time. There's executive privilege whether you like it or not. You'd waste your time. More than 30 charges are filed against Tarso Galhardo. Will they give us the funds to prove the president of the Senate, the lower house, and the nation itself are corrupt? It's one of the country's largest money laundering rackets. So we have nowhere to run. They're out to get us. No wonder Norberto wants info about Fake Diamond, he wants to know how it's going, if we have new evidence or new leads. And he always asks Julio, not me. He keeps tabs on things, but he never ever supports us. We're stalling and he thinks we're advancing. Where are you with the Feds? Adriano is my friend. We cooperate. I keep him updated and he shares whatever he has. Leandro, we were never afraid. We can't give up now. I think that as of today we need to keep our operation dark. We're only telling them what they know that we know. Okay. And that kid? He just got here and he's teaching you law. Let's keep him out of it. The Riola group should distribute meals to all our prisons, the entire healthcare network and public schools. We need to be the suppliers, control the entire business or else... Hold on, Venancio. You're not alone in this. We're all in this together. Take it easy. Calassa, please, talk to him, show them the list. And you need to talk to him. You have to. I'm working on my list of requests for bids. Let's leave the current requests intact to know who's taking over what. Take it easy, one thing at a time. We're here to organize the damn Ministry, not just for your list. I don't care about your list, Jalisco exported a million tons of soybeans. We feed half the pigs in China. And you want a bidding process to screw me? Calm down, son of a bitch! - I say son of a bitch! - And I'm the foulmouthed one. - Gentlemen. Gentlemen. - For God's sake. We have a lot of issues on the table, but it's one thing at a time. - The voice of moderation. - Tarso, come, we need to talk. I need to discuss my subsidies and the taxes I pay for crappy agrotechnology imports to exterminate the plague of maggots. Venancio, this meeting is not about that. - We're here to organize a Ministry. - So let's discuss the Ministry. My brother has to be appointed minister of agriculture. I already spoke with Demetrio and he agrees. We'll use the land to grow soybeans and raise cattle. We're in if it's with him. Venancio, I think that's way too personal to be considered an obstacle. We're all making suggestions according to our own interests. I'm sorry. That's going too far. Navarro, you're the fanciest guy here, but I'll tell you this, there's just one cow to milk. And you're getting more credit than the rest of us, but covertly because the media don't mess with your sector, they turn a blind eye, you don't have the vultures all over you. Excuse me. - I gave that Zairo guy a lot of money. - Me too. Bribes, intermediation, campaigns. They use us. Now it's our turn. - Excuse me, gentlemen. - It's only fair. Zairo. No, everything's fine. Navarro's stubborn, we'll have to scare him. Tarso controls Demetrio and Venancio easily. They'll ask for the usual, but they pay punctually. But Calassa... Zairo, Calassa is dangerous. We need to be alert. You need to find a way to get rid of him soon. And the Central Bank bailout has to be done right away, while you announce some names for the Ministry. Strike while the iron is hot. Everybody's criticizing the new ministers. A bunch of spineless bastards. The dregs of society! Welcome to the real world, Elisa. And they're not the worst ones. You'll see, they're just average. What a cynic you've become. You weren't like that. You stood up for values. Dear God. What's happening? Is this filth going to invade everything, and contaminate everything around it? And everyone will become just like these crooks? It already has, Elisa. It already has. We live in a country of more than 55 million illiterates. And the guys you call crooks are the people's representatives, honey, they were all elected. Keep that in mind when you vote. How was your class? It was good. Exhausting, but good. - What? - Honey. Remember you promised Nivaldo a ministry? I was thinking maybe the Ministry of Culture. - Any old thing like that. - What Culture? You know nobody wants Culture. There's no money in Culture. And it's Nivaldo, Cassandra. What are his credentials? What does he know? Isn't he a personal trainer? All your crooked friends have their ministries. - That's different. - Give him the Ministry of Sports. There's a lot of money, right? - Yes, everybody wants it. - So? They want it because of all the swindling, off the books dealings, that's why Nivaldo can't have it. Imagine Nivaldo there. He can't handle it. Honey, Nivaldo is your friend. One of your best friends, and those bastards, Tarso and Calassa, they'll just betray you and you know it. Honey, why don't you give him the Ministry of Sports? Then you yourself can run the whole business. I can't, because that minister gets a lot of pressure. Nivaldo can't handle it. And those people want to run everything. They want to stick their noses in everything. The want me to be a puppet they can toy with. Don't they tell you what to do? - Of course not. - You always do as they say. - Not anymore. - Really? How come? Because now I'm the boss. I'm the president. - You're what? - I'm the president. I just love it when you talk like that, Zairo. Who's the president? Who's the man? - I'm the president. - Now you're talking. - I'm the boss. - The illustrious Mr. President. And I'm not quitting easily. I'm the boss! Exactly, you must... You're the boss. Mr. President... We've tried everything. The system's hard core. What's the great news? We got an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze the data we collect. - Almost two years ago. - How did you get it? - Ever heard of Neuro Fusion? - No. Wait. Wait. Did you rob Neuro Fusion? It wasn't a robbery, just a loan. We'll return their server. After copying the password, of course. We used it to figure out the transference pattern that took us to the source, "Triad." Now it's your turn to hack Totterman. Those are some thick walls. Some companies are resistant. What do we do then? Find the flaw that compromises the system. If we can't hack the technology, we attack its weakness. And the weakness is always human. That's why I need you. That's why I need you. - Ready? - Yes. You can see me now. But even without those effects I can still see... a shadow. Don't you think that contradicts the reconciliation you seek? That's all I can do, Sofia, at least for now. I still feel I'm being watched. I'll always be uneasy and you're just there... We're all being watched all the time, so I prefer watching than being watched. Maybe I'm really insane and you don't exist. I don't know, maybe you're just a figment of my imagination, something my mind created. But why would I fabricate you? Whatever for? I saw your medical record. You're schizophrenic. I don't use that term. I don't use it because that word is a stigma which I won't have in my life. It means nothing to me. I know it and you know it, but they don't. To them you can be just as dangerous as I am. It's a cruel society that attacks whatever it doesn't understand. Do you understand me? Much more than you think. Sometimes I don't understand myself. We have a lot in common, Sofia. More than you think. We're weird, we are complex people. We have a sort of secret life. We have a dark side. A side that society considers dangerous. And you're not scared. You're not scared. I'm not scared. We live on the edge each for our own reasons. I live in a lonely place, Sofia. I speak with very few people. Only those that work for me. And there's nothing personal left in my life. I'd like to be there speaking with you in person. I think we've created a safe area, a place where we can approach each other. We created a parallel frequency to everything. You're the most interesting person I know. But I can't be seen with you because it would be dangerous for both of us. Living outside the system is also a prison, in spite of all the freedom it provides. You are very lovely, Sofia. I can hear your heartbeats, and I wish I could touch you. How I wish I could touch you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 