The Gifted: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Gifted 
 s1e7 - eXtreme measures - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Gifted (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - eXtreme measures - full transcript 
 Eclipse's ex-lover returns; Reed and Sage find alarming information about Lauren's new friend; Thunderbird helps Blink open up about her past; Jace approves a special surveillance program. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Carmen, I need information. What do you want from me? The price is you... so from now on, I call, you come, and you do exactly what I ask you to do. Your friend, Dreamer, stuck a memory in my head without asking my permission. It's a memory of you. She did it to save the team. You're not making this any better. I've got my own issues to sort out, my own people to find. Clarice! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I'm Wes. - It's nice to meet you. WES: Welcome to Florence. It's beautiful. There are rumors of mutants hunting other mutants for Sentinel Services. Reed Strucker, who worked with a judge there, said the guy - might have info on the program. - If we break in, we might be able to figure out what the hell's going on. - You get the hard drives? - I'm almost in. All right, I have the hard drives. Carmen? What do you want? I'm collecting on our agreement. Time for you to pay me back. [COUNTRY SONG PLAYING] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Marcos. Thanks for coming. You bring me out to the sticks just to try the coffee, or what? POLARIS: If that's why you came out, prepare to be disappointed... Coffee sucks here. [LOW WHIRRING] THUNDERBIRD: This is Lorna. She's my partner on this thing. Lorna, Marcos. - Hi. - THUNDERBIRD: I'll get right to it. We've heard a lot about you, what you can do. We want you to join the Mutant Underground. Listen, I'm flattered, but, uh... I don't think you guys get my situation. Your situation's... why we're here. We know your story. You're already helping mutants cross the border. We just want you to do it full-time. That was just a side thing, okay? There was room in a couple of trucks, so I gave some people a ride, that's all. You really want to run drugs for the Guerra Cartel the rest of your life? You could make a difference. It's more complicated than that. POLARIS: What, because you're dating the boss's daughter? Get a new girlfriend. That simple, huh? - Just break it off? - Sure. Tinder's full of girls that are into mutants. Yeah, you don't know Carmen. She's, uh... she's tough. There are other tough chicks. THUNDERBIRD: Think about it, Marcos. The X-Men are gone. The government's cracking down. If mutants are gonna survive, it's up to us. ♪ ♪ ECLIPSE [OVER PHONE]: Look, Carmen, I can't do this. We made a deal. - Or did you forget? - No. Of course I didn't forget. But it's just... [CRICKETS CHIRPING] Now's not a good time. You think it was convenient for me to find out - where that prison convoy was going? - No. - And I appreciate that, but... - Then show your appreciation by honoring our deal. You knew what you were getting yourself into when you asked me to help you find your precious magnet girl. - Is that a threat? - This doesn't need to be difficult. We can talk about this like reasonable people. I'll expect you tomorrow. [LINE HANGS UP] [SIGHS] ♪ ♪ All right, listen up. Been talking with the other stations. Sentinel Services is ramping up surveillance across the board. So it looks like things are gonna get worse - before they get better. - Well, how much worse? With all these new refugees coming in, we're running out of food, blankets, everything. I heard Marietta might have some supplies... - I can head up there this afternoon. - All right. How's it coming with the hard drives from Baton Rouge? We're working on cracking them. Well, the bad news is they're encrypted. But the good news is it probably means - that there's something worth hiding. - Okay, if we don't figure out how they're turning mutants against us, none of this is gonna matter. And one more thing. I'm gonna go track down Clarice. Now? You really think that's a good idea? She knows where this place is. If Sentinel Services catches her right now, it's gonna be a disaster. All right? We got a lot of work to do. Let's get to it. Hey. These supplies... I can go with you. No. No, you got training to do. I already talked to them. I got this. ♪ ♪ Come on. It's cool. Promise. I got to show you this. Why can't you just do it inside? - Someone might see. - No one's gonna see us. We're not supposed to be up here. We're practically touching the building. - [SCAFFOLDING GROANS] - [SIGHS]: Stop. Come on, can't you just bend the rules this once? Do you want to miss out on everything? You are like a textbook bad influence. - You know that, right? - Okay. Yeah, it's no big deal. [SIGHS] Fine. Okay, I'll check it out. But it better be cool. It will be. [SCAFFOLDING CREAKING] - Hey, it's... We're good. - [EXHALES] [SCAFFOLDING CREAKING] Great. It's the ground. Just hang on a sec. Close your eyes. Please? Okay. [LAUGHS]: What... [WHOOSHING] Now open them. [GASPS] [EXHALES] LAUREN: It's gorgeous. WES: Better than being stuck indoors, right? [LAUREN LAUGHS SOFTLY] Have you ever been to the mountains? Close enough. The Nature Channel. [CHUCKLES] LAUREN: This is amazing. [LAUGHS] I'm glad you like it. Do you want to go back inside? In a second. ♪ ♪ ANDY: Hey. You guys get checked for herpes, right? - I hear it's super contagious. - Way to be a stalker, Andy. Mom told me to come get you. It's lunch. [LAUREN SIGHS] [WHINING] - [CONTINUES WHINING] - Oh. Fine. One bite. Mmm, good girl. - Hey, what took so long? - I couldn't find her, so I decided to look on the roof. The roof? Guys, you're not supposed to go on the roof. Yeah. I checked and she wasn't there. Where were you again? Um, downstairs. Supply room. Just lost track of time. This mac and cheese is great. You do something different? No, it's exactly the same as the last 20 times. I haven't seen you guys working on your homework. - I want those papers tomorrow. - You were serious? Mom, the only cool thing about being a refugee - is no school. - Well, that's the deal. You want to train, you're also gonna study. [SIGHS] Looks like the first drive is all police files on mutants. The encryption is deeper on this one. It's much deeper. It reads like a shopping list. Whatever program the Sentinel Services is working with, they seem to be cherry-picking mutants based on the powers they want. They're not even pretending this is legal. [SCOFFS] I mean... Hold on. What is it? [INDISTINCT CHATTER] - [CHILD LAUGHING] - PAULA: Grace is gone. We lost our little girl. JACE: Dr. Campbell. Agent Turner. Thank you for making the time. I know you're a busy man. Oh, I brought you one of these from that spot across the street. Some kind of artisanal nonsense. Thank you. I was hoping to get a sense of how our surveillance program is proceeding. Well, we've been monitoring every phone call in the region, but the Mutant Underground, they're not exactly using each other's names in these calls. They're ditching burner cells every day, they're using some sort of cloaking to beat our scans. Yes. Well, that reinforces my conviction that we should take a more direct approach. More direct? I'm-I'm not sure what you mean. Surveillance alone isn't working. To date, we've deployed our mutant assets cautiously. But now it's time to be more aggressive. You're talking about placing mutant assets in the field? Yes. Yeah, um, with all due respect, I'm just... I'm not sure they're suitable for undercover work. Oh, you'd be surprised. We placed several assets in local prisons as part of an experimental program. They remained completely undetected until they were activated. And when they were activated, they were quite effective. We can start immediately. I was beginning to think you weren't going to come. I almost didn't... I got out of this for a reason. I remember. "To fight for your fellow mutants." Nothing to do with the girl with the green hair. - Can we leave her out of this? - Of course. I'd like nothing better. Marcos, the truth is our little reunion could be a good thing for everyone, your mutant brothers and sisters included. Yeah? How's that? Your people, my people, they have a lot in common... The hiding, the fighting, the Feds. I mean, how is it so different? Maybe because we don't sell drugs for a living? My point is we can help each other. You have power, I have money. And together? Think of the possibilities. I think there's a good possibility we all end up dead or in prison. So stubborn. I've missed you. Just hear me out. CAITLIN: So, we might not have the best biology books, but we do have these pea plants, and they can teach us a lot about genetics. In the 1800s, there was a monk who studied plants just like these to learn how different traits were passed down. Traits like the X-Gene. So if you guys want to come check out the pea plants, you can see all the different sizes and shapes and colors. Be right back. - What? - We have a situation. You know the boy that Lauren has been spending time with, Wes? Yeah. I'm familiar. I'm not a fan, but Lauren seems to like him. I've been going through the mutant criminal files, and I think he's in them. Sounds like he's been conning people, - robbing stores in Cartersville. - Okay, that... doesn't sound good, but we can't overreact. Lauren's been through a lot lately. We-we just need to take this slow. We're not talking about parking tickets. I need to talk to him. You need to talk to her. She's not gonna be happy about this. The worst thing you could do would be to go on the attack. [SIGHS] You're right. I will talk to her. ♪ ♪ On your right! Skyler, duck! [GRUNTS] Here to train? No, no, no. No. Uh, I need to talk to Andy. Hey. - How's it going? - Good. You know, at least if we get attacked by some tiles, I'll be ready. - What's up? - Where's your sister? I thought she was supposed to be here. Yeah. Me, too. I don't know. - Not sure. - Well, I need to talk to her. - Is she with Wes? - [STAMMERS] I really can't, uh... I-I don't know. She just said they were going out and that she'd kill me if I said anything, okay? Believe me, Andy, you are the least of her worries right now. [BIRDS CHIRPING] [GROANS] Damn it. - Stupid soup. - [DOOR OPENS] Clarice, wait! Wait! Just hang on. What are you doing here? Well, I'm not here for the soup. You're tough to track, you know that? - You didn't leave much of a trail. - Yeah? That was intentional. Hey. Listen, I'm sorry, all right? What happened with you - and Sonya, I should have told you. - You think? You know, I still see that memory she put in my head. It's like a bad soap opera I can't escape. I'm here to convince you to come back. You're not safe out here right now. You're concerned for my safety? - That's why you came? - No, that's not all. The Underground needs you. "The Underground." [CHUCKLES] Got it. Sorry, but that's your battle, not mine. I have stuff to do. "Stuff"? What stuff? Remember when I got sick? I kept trying to portal to that road? - Yeah, somewhere out in the countryside. - I'm trying to find that spot. You guys taught me that none of this is random... The reasons why we use our powers, what we do. That road must mean something to me. And I want to know why. Let me help you find it. What? [SCOFFS] No. - I don't need your help. - Yeah, you do. I've been tracking you, remember? You clearly have no idea where you're headed. Let me do this for you. I owe you, if nothing else. Fine. When you're finished with the CI paperwork, we're gonna need support teams for these assets, so... - let's get the overtime authorized. - Sir? - Yeah. - Bit of a situation. - Lady from the DOJ is here. - What does she want? Same thing as always. Make our lives harder. DOJ OFFICIAL: We need to discuss this new field operation you're planning. Yeah, we've been preparing a brief. A brief? You should have filed that before you launched this program. This is a legal nightmare. - You don't have warrants, probable cause. - Ma'am, you have no idea what these people are capable of. Under the terrorist guidelines, we're not obligated to let... We're not in Fallujah. You're looking for suspects in the suburbs of Atlanta. I hear you're working with - a Dr. Campbell? - He's provided assets to the agency in the past. We've just broadened the scope - of the partnership. - He runs a program that officially doesn't exist. The legal ground is just too shaky. You need to suspend this program at once. Yeah, that's not gonna happen. We're talking about the safety of our community. Now, if you're planning on coming after what we're doing here, I promise you, I will fight you with everything that I have. Well, then I guess you're in for a fight. Good work today. Keep practicing. And, Andy, try not to do any structural damage, all right? No promises. Hey. Have you seen Marcos? No. I think he's still out. [SIGHS] He just went to Marietta to get some supplies. He, uh, should be back. Should be, but isn't. - Thanks. - Mm. [LINE RINGS] MALE MUTANT: Hello? Hey. I'm calling from Atlanta. One of our friends was going up there to pick up some supplies today. I can't reach him, so I just... Supplies? We, uh, we haven't had supplies in weeks. As for your friend, we haven't seen anyone all day. Oh. Son of a bitch. Here you go. I'm sorry, we're short on blankets, so anyone who can share, please share. And, um, well, we're working on the food situation, so... Sonya. I need to talk to you. Privately. Yeah. Would you mind? Thank you. What is it? It's Marcos. He said he was going up to Marietta - to get supplies. - Well, did something go wrong? Yeah. He lied to us. Didn't go. They haven't heard from him, and he's not answering his phone. I'm sure there's a good explanation. Yeah, I got a good explanation. I searched our room... His Santa Muerte medallion is gone. What is that? Patron saint of death. Big with the cartels. He used to wear it for luck... when he did that kind of work. [SIGHS] Okay. We have to find him. Tell me about this job. They've been having trouble with the Russians moving into the area. We want to send a message. What kind of message? They have a shipment going up north tomorrow. We know where they load their trucks. We go there, you deal with the shipment, and we're done. Simple. I'm not killing anyone. Who said anything about killing? It's a shipment of drugs. You shine a little bit of light, boom-boom, nobody gets hurt. I'll even pay you. You can use the money to buy something nice for your mutant friends. I hear it's pretty tight over there. So, this job today, do I get the magic hands? Fine. For today. Hey. Sorry I'm late. I was just... I've been looking all over for you. I was in the basement. Some refugees needed more towels. [SOFTLY]: Uh, yeah. Lauren, we need to talk to you. It's about Wes. You don't want me dating a mutant. - I get it, okay? I... - REED: No. No, you don't. Look at this. I've been going over the criminal files, the ones we got from Baton Rouge. This is Wes's file. No, this isn't. This picture could be anyone. This is all the way up in Cartersville. Lauren, you have to admit there's quite a resemblance. - You see what it lists as his ability. - Yeah. - Image manipulation. That's not proof. - How many other criminal mutants do you think have that ability? Even if it is him, we've all broken the law. - I mean, we've all... - Running from Sentinel Services is one thing, but Wes conned the owner of a jewelry store - for his own profit. - You haven't changed. You ask all these questions to prove you're right, - and you're just assuming he's guilty! - I have some experience in this area, Lauren, and I know what I'm talking about. You have to look at this with clear eyes! Just stop! Okay? Just shut up! Reed... [SIGHS] ♪ ♪ [BIRDS CHIRPING] [THUNDER ROLLING] This road we're looking for, - do you remember anything about it? - No, I don't. You're the one that saw it. I was unconscious. Okay? I was hoping that I'd able - to find something about it in the news, but... - Yeah, well, Sentinel Services is pretty good about covering up mutant incidents, so... Well, then, I appreciate your little quest for redemption, but obviously, this is useless. So take off and chase your next scent, or do whatever it is you do. Clarice. Come on, let me help you. No, you can't... because there's nothing to track, no trail to follow. Yeah, maybe, maybe not. You could have a trail inside you. Aw, man, I'm not in the mood for some hippie New Age talk right now. - All right? - Listen to me. When an animal is hurt or scared, their instinct is to take themselves to... a place of safety... A nest, a burrow. I don't have a burrow, okay? Yeah, but you did. You had a place where you felt loved and you felt safe. Clarice. Where was that? DOJ OFFICIAL: Thank you all for coming in. I want to make sure there's no confusion about where we stand. Dr. Campbell, I wanted you here because this concerns your efforts as well. - Of course. - This warrantless surveillance has strayed well outside of legal bounds. We cannot deploy mutant assets against suspects... Okay, can we not mince words here? What the hell are we talking about? We're pursuing terrorists. You mean people you suspect of terrorism. American citizens... They protest our government, they conspire with mutants in other countries, they consider themselves to be a separate species. Why should they enjoy the rights of American citizens when they're determined not to act like American citizens? That argument was tried on Catholics in the 1950s, on Muslims in the 2000s, and the Supreme Court shut it down every time. I'm requesting a court order if you don't... - [COUGHING] - Ma'am, are you okay? If you don't... - [GRUNTING] - What... [COUGHING] [DISTORTED, INDISTINCT TALKING] [GRUNTING WEAKLY] [EXCITED CHATTER, GASPING] - Call 911. - [GASPING] I'm a doctor. She appears to be having a stroke. Let's give her a little room. Let's get an ambulance here right away. [GROANING CONTINUES] [PHONE BEEPING] What can I do for you, Agent Turner? For starters, you can tell me what the hell happened - in the conference room today. - With our associate from the DOJ? Well, it's going to be hard to tell without an MRI. My guess, she burst a blood vessel in her brain. She'll live, but... No, Doctor, I mean, what happened? Well, I think that's pretty clear, don't you? Our bureaucratic friend suffered an unfortunate medical incident. So, you're saying it was a... coincidence. I'm saying it was convenient. And it was damn suspicious. How so? You were making a case for our program. I saved a woman's life. I think it's time to move on. Listen. They're not just gonna leave us alone, okay? The DOJ will just send somebody else. CAMPBELL: Maybe, in a few weeks. Meanwhile, our work can proceed. - Listen, this is not... - I have to say, Agent Turner, I liked your passion in there. Grace would have been proud. I think I've gotten everything there is to get out of these files. How's the second drive coming? I'm calculating relationships of asymmetrical algorithmic keys. Okay. I'm getting there. [INDISTINCT CHATTER] You're in charge of evaluating people when they come in, right? SAGE: Yeah. How do you choose who to let in? I mean, there's so many mutants here - who are running from the law. - There are things we don't forgive... murder, rape, victimizing other mutants. Other than that, we just ask people to tell the truth. What if they don't? Then they have to leave. This place is built on trust. Why? Just curious. [VIDEO GAME BEEPING] Hi. - Hey. - Have a sec? Yeah. Found this behind the books. Saved me from actually reading one. What's wrong? I have to ask you something. It's probably nothing, but my dad showed me a police file. There's someone in it who's wanted for some crimes. He thinks it might be you. Seriously? The police description says something about... image manipulation. It did? How-How's that? Wes, if it is you, I need to know. It's true. - Lauren, uh... - No. Please, just... let me explain. After my parents kicked me out, I was a mess. I was living in shelters, eating out of dumpsters, and... and this-this group of guys found me, and they let me join their crew. I was just their front man, covering things up, - tricking people. I didn't... - You were telling me not to hide, making it seem like you used your powers all the time because you were proud of who you were. This is what you meant? No, no, no. I-I was desperate back then. You should have told me. You got to trust me. Trust you? Wes, how can I believe anything that you say? You're just like one of your stupid mirages. Lauren! Remind you of the good old days? Reminds me of the old days. - I don't know how good they were. - This stuff used to give you a rush. You'd come home and keep me up all night. I was just excited to have a roof over my head. You can tell yourself that if you want, but I know the truth. I remember when you were just Marcos who loved - to burn things. - People evolve, Carmen. They find something to believe in. Spare me the noble speech. All you ever believed in was magnet girl. Where are we going, exactly? The Russian lab is in Forest Hills. We'll go there, we deal with the guards, and you do your thing. Well, deal with the guards? I said no killing. Calmate, Marcos. Lodo will handle the guards. You deal with the cargo and stay out of my way. CARMEN: Come on, be friendly. He is one of you. Come on. This kind of looks familiar, but all these roads look the same. What did the house look like where you grew up? I don't know. One story. Not too big. It was a home for mutant foster kids. The ones who couldn't pass as human. I was only there for a couple years, back when I was supposed to be in high school. - Why'd you leave? - The couple who ran it, you know, they took good care of us, but their idea of keeping us safe was to hide us away forever. Which really sucks when you're 15. Wait. That looks familiar. I remember this gate. [GATE CREAKS OPEN] That's the farmhouse. Clarice? Maybe you should - wait here. - What? Why? I think something bad happened. Oh, God. Oh, no. Get us in now. [DOOR SQUEAKS OPEN] Carl? Denise? Sentinel Services probably searched all the houses in the area. Maybe they got away. Right? Clarice, I'm sorry. Oh, man. [CRYING] No, no. No. [EXHALES LOUDLY] Are you sure about this? Probably not smart to pick a fight with the cartel if we don't have to. Trust me, we have to. If Marcos came here, he's in serious trouble. This is a bad idea. Excuse me? - Got a moment? - MAN: Hey, ladies. Looking good. There something I can help you with? [WHOOSHING] - [GROANING] - Hey! - [WHOOSHING] - Whoa! [WHOOSHING] [GRUNTING] So, I'm looking for Marcos Diaz and Carmen Guerra. - Where'd they go? - I got no idea. Oh. Well, let's see if we can help you remember. - [GROANS] - [ALARM SOUNDING] Loosen the strap a little. He needs to breathe. - [WHOOSHING] - [MAN GROANS SOFTLY] Hey. Hey. I was looking for Lauren, but I think she's avoiding me. Very perceptive, Counselor. I always knew we were gonna be arguing over curfews, or trying to keep the wrong guys away, but... this? I didn't see this coming. Mm. It feels like with all that's happened, everything should just... stop, but our kids keep growing up. I just want to protect her. I know. We were blind to so much about the world, about... our family. That's why Lauren hid herself from us. I can't change the past. I know. But right now, she doesn't need a prosecutor. She needs a dad. [CAITLIN SNIFFLES] [BIRDS SINGING] REED: Hey. Oh, sorry. I-I know we're supposed to be inside. It's nice out here. I know you probably hate me. I don't hate you. And what I think doesn't matter as much as what Lauren thinks, anyway. You mind if I sit? Yeah, go ahead. All my life, I've been enforcing laws. The way I saw it, society only worked if there were consequences for breaking the rules. Lately, my feelings about society have changed a bit, but... it's something I still believe in. Maybe in a new way, but I do believe it. It's about trust. What you did was wrong, Wes. You know that, right? Yeah. What'd they say when you told them? I haven't told them. You have a choice to make, Wes. You can hope they don't find out. Or you can tell them, and take your chances. But I'm gonna leave it in your hands. I found whatever traces I could. Looks like they died defending some of the foster kids that were living there. My portals brought everyone here. - This is all my fault. - No, it's not your fault. Sentinel Services pulled the trigger. You cared about them. I'm sorry. - [BLINK CRYING] - I'm sorry. You know what I said earlier about this not being my fight? I don't know if it was before, but it sure as hell is now. ECLIPSE: How much longer? CARMEN: We wait until all the drugs come out. Then we go in. You always used to get like this, remember? Then you'd go in and do the job, and we couldn't stop you until everything was burning. There we go. [SNAPS FINGERS] [INDISTINCT SHOUTING] [BRAKES SQUEAL] [GROWLS] That was perfect, mi amor. Let's go. - Wait, don't you want to talk? - No. He can save himself. [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING] [ECLIPSE SIGHS] Hey. Babe, I'm sorry I'm late. How was Marietta? It was fine. Oh, they just had some delay, so I had to wait a bit, but I got what they could give us. And uh, I ran down an old contact, explained our situation, uh, managed to get us some cash. Should be enough to keep the lights on a few weeks. An "old contact"? Yeah. Yes, a supporter of the cause, you know. Yeah. I know. So how's Carmen doing? Okay. Babe, you don't understand. I saw you with her. I think I understand perfectly. No, you don't. When you were in jail, the only way I could get to you was to go to Carmen. For information. But I had to agree to work for her. And you weren't going to mention this to me? - It just never came up? - I did this for you. And for our baby. The only reason I kept it from you is because I just... I didn't know how to tell you. Lorna, I didn't know. Well, now you've told me. [MEDALLION CLATTERS ON FLOOR] Lorna... [SIGHS] Hey, um, sorry to interrupt. This will just take a second. Go ahead. Actually, you can all hear this. I just wanted to let you know that I spoke to Sage and the others. Told them about all the stuff that I did. - Really? - Yeah. Told them that it was all behind me, and that I was gonna be a better guy from now on. Anyway, they discussed it, and they decided to cut me some slack. I'm sorry. Thanks for the talk. - So you can stay? - Actually, there's a group going to Augusta station tomorrow. They asked me to join them. Then you're leaving? Yeah. Sorry for interrupting and have a lovely dinner. ♪ ♪ ♪ Wake up high on it ♪ ♪ Feel it suspending ♪ ♪ I'm enamored ♪ ♪ Way up in the sky ♪ ♪ I can see that you want to ♪ ♪ I've been ♪ ♪ A romantic ♪ ♪ For so long ♪ ♪ All I've ever heard ♪ ♪ Are love songs ♪ ♪ Singing ♪ ♪ Oh, oh-oh ♪ ♪ Go on, I dare you ♪ ♪ Oh, oh-oh ♪ ♪ I dare you ♪ ♪ I get chills ♪ ♪ Heart rate multiplies ♪ ♪ I'm on a different ♪ ♪ Kind of high ♪ ♪ A rush of blood ♪ ♪ Is not enough ♪ ♪ I need my feelings ♪ ♪ Set on fire ♪ ♪ Now I'm deep in it ♪ ♪ Infatuated ♪ ♪ Strong attraction ♪ ♪ Side by side ♪ ♪ And I know that you want to ♪ ♪ Oh, oh-oh ♪ ♪ Go on, I dare you ♪ ♪ Oh, oh-oh ♪ ♪ I dare you ♪ ♪ I can hear it now ♪ ♪ Like I heard it then ♪ ♪ I can hear it now ♪ ♪ Like I heard it then. ♪ I was able to get past most of the drive's security. I'm still sorting through it, but it looks like it's mostly information on mutants - who were sent into the program. - Was Pulse in there? It looks like he was one of the first. - Was there anything about that location, or...? - No. Nothing. All we have is the courthouse's records of who was selected. It doesn't say anything about where they went. REED: But if it's run by the Sentinel Services, there has to be a record. It's a government program. No. I don't think it is. What do you mean? It's not run by the government. It's a private military contractor, Trask Industries. Trask Industries? They shut down in '06. How do you know that? My father worked there for 35 years. Your father worked for Trask? You think he has something to do with all this? [SCOFFS] I don't know. I don't know anything anymore. It's an exciting time, Agent Turner. It's a very exciting time. We've started with the assets who can target the Underground immediately. You really think this is gonna work? I mean, we've been trying to place spies for years. Don't think of 'em as spies. More like weapons. All if we have to do is get 'em inside. The Hounds will take it from there. Agent Turner, we may finally be in a position to win this war. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 