The Boat: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Boat 
 s1e1 - Un millón de millas - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Boat (2011–2013): Season 1, Episode 1 - Un millón de millas - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  100:00:49,269 --> 00:00:50,557 A bike Valeria, honey, A ship is no place to go  around on wheels. My mom put this horn on my handlebars and when I sqeeze it I think of her. Allright, okay, maybe one bike isn't so bad. Maybe in the middle of the Atlantic you can take a ride on the deck. Ainhoa, we don't have to  go if you don't want to. Let's go back to town and maybe I can give up the ship and... I get used to life on earth, eh, little sparrow? Dad, it's only two months, it will be like a vacation. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And, it will be good for Valeria  to be away from home for a while. Here, everything reminds her of mom. And don't call me little sparrow. And don't give me favoritism. Ainhoa. Your skirt, darling. Let's see, Who gives Uncle  Julian a giant kiss? Beautiful. Oh my, What a beauty. Good heavens. - Where the hell are you going with that bike? - Shut up and give me a hand, come on. I don't know if I'm ruining everything with  this traveling of the family, De La Cuadra. When Marisa died, I thought we should embark together, But I don't know if a ship is  the right place for a child. What's wrong with a ship? Are we getting drunk on a ship? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are we dealing drugs on a ship? Are we racing bikes on a ship? Look at me. I have lived on a ship for thirty years, and what's wrong? Excuse me, information, Do you know where the North Star is? - It's a ship... - Dock East, that way. Thank you. Look, fool, it was a party, I drank too much, It happened, it could be anyone. So delete my number and die. What he made his first communion  and they gave a bike, Lieutenant? You do not chew gum on board. No, no, no, let me please. On a ship, the captain is God. And it just so happens that  I'm the first mate of God. So keep the gum on the forehead  for the next 24 hours. Do you know why? Because if I could think of who  to throw, I'll throw you overboard. Got it? What are the three things you need to be a good Christian? Work, responsibility, and prayer. Place the chain, all ready  to set sail soon, okay? Hey, I was not away of this load. Who gave the order? I did, Captain. Well, actually it was the Ministry of Science and Technology, Who finances this trip. It's scientific material for the ship. The Ministry will command the earth, but the ship I command. What's in the boxes? I can not tell. - Where you going? No. - Help me move these boxes. - Shut up and help me. - There can be no... - That's it. Here you are. I'm sorry, really. - No! No! - I'm sorry, I gather, forget it. - No, no, leave it, I'll do it. It's... panties. It's... a gift from my boyfriend, I don't know... why I put them in my suitcase. If you remember a cheerful, happy, well... - We started off on the wrong foot. - Yeah. I'm Julia Wilson, scientist, Coordinator of the North Star, and teacher of all these pupils for the next two months. Ricardo Montero, Captain. Do you know what you have seen? You take care of the body. I disappear on a vessel for the time required. The ship returns to port sooner or later. It will take a miracle to not get caught. I believe in miracles, brother. Small. Beautiful. Ramiro, don't go. You got the place, you have accepted it. - You don't have to prove anything to anyone. - I don't want to prove anything to anyone. I do it for me. I waited for the judgment for two years, in order to be here. I'll call you, write you, I will return in two months. But now I must go. Okay, okay, I'll let you everyone is boarding. A big kiss. Bye, aunty, bye. - I'll help. - I got it, I got it. The particle accelerator will be activated at 21 tonight in Geneva. This is a radio transmitter analog long distance. It will be the only way in which we communicate in the event of problems. In case 23 will find the protocol to be followed in case of an accident. Again, this is for you. - We set sail. Barbetta bow. - Got it. We set sail. Look, I'm a scientist, I do not need a gun. Here. If something goes wrong, you will have to take control of the ship. - The gun could be critical. - Why all this, Philippe? The likelihood of problems on a power accelerator are one in a billion. Or has something happened? It 's just a protocol, love. Or do you think that I would be so quiet if I thought something might happen? 96th 00:09:50,000 -> 00:09:53,000 Subsfactory presents El Barco - 1x01 A MILLION MILES 99th 00:10:08,000 -> 00:10:11,000 Translation and synch: Alle83, miahu, criz91, nina_bach, ziomele Revision: Allison You did good. Why didn't I talk about the incident with the magnets during the dress rehearsal? It's so? Why worry about it? The particle accelerator will be repaired for 21. Come on, we have to take a plane to Geneva. My dad told me to write in a notebook what happens on the ship, and which is called the logbook. The first day on a ship is like the first day of school. You know peers, teachers, and you both think of mother. On a ship there is the courtyard for recreation, but there are so many places to play and to hide. Uncle Julian says that a ship is like a miniature planet. And all the things you do in there. Eat breakfast, stroll, live, do your homework. The older ones can go out with a girl, go clubbing, fall in love and marry. And my father celebrates weddings, because he is the captain. He's the king of this planet, and he always says that before losing sight of land, you have to make a wish. I asked that this trip is magical, and it would never end. 5 hours to the end of the world  This is not a five star hotel. There is not a mother to clean your ass. Here's the closest thing to a mother I am. So try not to break my balls too. Come on, move. The cripple, come here. Let's go cripple. This gentleman here, has sued for discrimination. But how can he experience,  here there are no ramps, - Or lifts for the disabled. - I'm not disabled, sir. I have a reduced mobility of grade three. Well, much better. From now on, we will take turns  to clean the turkish bath. As you can see, there is a turkish  bath, the bathrooms are shared. Storms as low as power six or seven, the water will cover the marshes as a reserve. So do not be picky. So we have to share the showers? Mind you. If the ladies or  the priest has a problem, they can take a shower with  the lights off at 4 am. Cleared. - You know we'll see her tits. - Follow me. Hi, Gamboa. Come on, come on, quickly. Huddle around, let's go cripple. You will have class from 9 to  5 with a break of 15 minutes. The first few weeks, you can take the  opportunity to go and throw up on deck. Here you can wash the  vomit, the thong and shit. On this ship do not wash  neither delicate or silk. Load up to six pounds. Come on. Come on, come on, we don't have all day. Valeria, honey. Make way, please, come on. Come on, the Tour de France is over. This is the engine room. If you touch  something, you'll cut your hands. Hey there! In this room there is always  someone 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, to ensure the  functioning of the engines. Is it true that sailors masturbate more than a monkey? What? If here the sailors playing the flute all day... Yes, we play the trombone! Idiot... Spare me the bullshit. come on. Breakfast at 8am, lunch at 1pm and  dinner at 8pm, always in two rounds. Above is the club, this is  the table and the kitchen. The bunker of our cook, a  Navy drill sergeant, come on. As you can see, we haven't  put barbed wire yet. But I gotta warn you. You do not open the fridge  in the mid afternoon. And, of course, no snacking. Got it? It's clear, move. Give me  space, the kitchen is mine. This kitchen is open 24 hours, and you are welcome for a cup of  chamomile, chocolate or a chat. My name is Salome. Welcome. - Thank you. - Hello, Salome. Where are you going in such a hurry? No smoking in my kitchen. Cavoli should know that. Come on, out. Out! Come on. What is there to watch? - Go ahead. - Help! The octopus is eating me! Embolo, Embolo, do not make me angry. Do not play with your food. - Say "hello", Embolo. - Hello, Embolo. The hell, someone said that the round is over? Come with me. come on. I want to see the  cripple while dancing the samba. Beautiful. - croquette for you, melon for me. - They are very good. Tell me everything. How are you doing after your mother? Well, I try to move on. After five months in the hospital, I  feel the need to get back to normal. Yes. And your father, how is he? So, so. He feels guilty for not being  there during her illness. He runs like a lost soul with  her ashes under his arm. He doesn't say anything. - And what should he say? - Yeah. He's an ace captain of a ship,  but as for his private life... Jesus! He needs an instruction manual. Your father needs to rebuild his life. Understand Me, Ainhoa, you know that  your mother wanted a good soul. We were like sisters, but you can not let... your father live as a ghost all his life. He's young, you are still a kid. You do not deserve this. And after all love... only brings joy. And how do you make a  living on a ship, Salome? - Hi. - Hi. I'm sorry. I'm Julia. May I? Ah, but De la Cuadra... what have we here? Nadal's tennis rackets? We make a game? Orders, Captain. A couple of months ago I was given a list with the effects of authorized personnel on board, but the list does not speak of rackets or balls. Open all the bags. - This? - There was not on the list but if you do not eat heavy digest. The toast with ham and cheese is the  only thing that does not hurt me, sir. This one has brought the Bible verse. It is not the Bible. It's the best  marina encyclopedia in the world, sir. The Shackleton commemorative edition. The sea is my dream. It's why I'm here, sir. Alright. You can keep it. Welcome on board. I am Ricardo Montero. I'll be your captain on the ship  North Star-school for the next two months. You had a scholarship for your skills, but the curriculum you will not need a lot to 3000 miles. When you return, you will be better people. You will have learned to live  together, to know each other. And above all... to respect each other. Settle into the cabin and take  the rest of the afternoon off. And I'll see you at the  gala dinner at 8 o'clock. You can take your things and go. Excuse me ... I can take off the gum now, right, sir? Do not even think about it, boiled fish. Why are you in a crate? I'm in a crate because I came in secret. Why? Because... I came to know my father. My name is Ulises. - And what's your name? - Valeria. - You really don't know your daddy? - No. And I want to surprise him. So you can not tell anyone  you saw me. No one, right? - All right. - Right? - Valeria. - Tell you what. When I need you, I'll call you. Listen. My father would just because he always travel, but I know him. His name is Ricardo. Valeria, honey. Who are you talking to? Er... with a friend. With a friend? Of course, an imaginary friend. So, please, welcome aboard, friend of Valeria. And now, darling, don't you  prefer to come and play with me? I prefer the bike, Daddy. No, fine, you don't understand. The cabin is mine. I do not see any sign saying: "Cabin reserved for idiots with a gum in face." - You saw him? - No, no, no. - And you? - No, absolutely not. What I see is the way to solve the issue. I ask you a few seconds of silence, please. You're a pig. Urbi et orbi, now the car is named. Here you are. Resolved. Listen to me carefully, disgusting. It's another crap like this and you castro, in the engine room with a pair of rusty pliers. Is that clear? Slimy Pervert. Ricardo you need to stop thinking about it. I told you twenty years ago, Ricardo. You have to choose, family or the sea. The two things together... are not compatible. Are not compatible...  you're not compatible. Enough with that cigar. you  do not smoke in the kitchen. Damn, you mean I'm wrong? That little girl has grown up without a father. How many Christmases have you spent with her? How many birthdays? How many tooth fairies have you seen? Tell me. Okay, never really. She has no mother and her father  does nothing but lower the sails, so the girl has not found a friend, but an imaginary father  to talk to face to face. And one that doesn't give her a good night  via satellite from Cuba's true, man. Okay, maybe a little reason to have it. You have not spent much time with the child, but... the girl needs a father? Yes. And also a mother, look. So think about it. You should pay more attention. Maybe it's you who should be careful, right? - Have you seen the priest? - Wow! He did not see all this good  God in the vestry, no, Father? I wanted to ask a question, Father, that I always... priests masturbate, right? Okay... Come on, man. I need to talk with my  girlfriend and there is no signal. Holy shit! Who wants a drink? Come on, we're already all naked... first heats the environment, the better. - No, thank you. - Come on, Ramiro, grab some. Enough of that phone. If she turned it off... it means that someone is already kissing her neck. But are you crazy or what? Do you think that your girlfriend will  wait two months for a cripple idiot? - What are you doing? - Say it again. Say it again. - Stop, stop, stop. - Ramiro, stop, come on. - Drop it. - All right. Latitude: 27 degrees, 30 minutes north. Longitude: 13 degrees, 20 minutes west. Alright. I confirm. And the point at which we find ourselves. It took me half an hour to convince  the captain to stop the ship right here. I must say that is very nice. In fact we have a relationship... intimate. How intimate? He saw my plush panties you gave me. What a shame... The captain makes me money. Forced to play with my girlfriend's  panties. I hope it's a process. But it's not all bad. If it were not for you, I would  have already come forward. I always wanted a boyfriend in uniform. - I should've gone with you. - To mark your territory? - In case something should happen. - The project is safe. I took care of the protocol. You'll see that in two months  we'll be together again. Come on, come on, come on, Pilar, Pilar... you already measured, guys? To decide who is the big boy of the group? Maybe I exaggerated a little. Start all over again? I'm sorry. Give me the phone, please. - Shit. - What is it? There is still no signal? Ramiro. Where are you going with that ax, holy God? I'll be damned... Get off my bed immediately or  I'll break your face with an oar. - Come on, get out of the cabin. - I'm not a student. - No? - No. - So who are you? Name? - My name is Ulises. - Great nice name. - Ulises Garmendia. The name does not tell you anything? I just came to bring you this. A couple of shirts, two pairs of boxer shorts worn. A bottle of cologne, and a Atletico Madrid lighter. That's all that you left at home. Funny, is it not? The only things I knew about  my father all these years are you cheering for Atletico, smelled of Varon Dandy, and had very trendy underwear. You know, my mother always  said you were a bad person, but what can you do? I've always seen you as... the shit that went out to buy  cigarettes and never came back. She died ten days ago. She wanted me to spread her ashes into the sea, in a beautiful place, and I'm sure you will know more than me, right? So Dad? Hug me... or we shake hands? You have a flat? Too bad I'm not a mechanic. I am a soothsayer, and soothsayers  don't know how to repair bicycles. You do not believe? You want me to prove it? Okay. So... This bike... you brought the Epiphany... two Christmases ago... and even a doll, you call... Pigtails... a puzzle, with a duckling, and... a book about a child  who can not count. I guess right? I don't like you. Put down the ax man, seen as  you put it can only end badly. Can you tell us what is wrong with you? My girlfriend left me a message  and there is no signal. So I'm going to cut the rope off the  lifeboat at the stern and return to land. What's the problem? Maybe you're used to being alone, but I've been with her for  five years, the happiest, and now she thinks I don't need her. And you know why? Because she's stuck at the pier, and I'm  on this ship without a fucking signal, and I can tell you that it's time for her, and that she is all that matters to me. - He became a cripple poet. - Shut up. Ramiro, Ramiro, you will lose the scholarship,  two years of your life down the drain. - That's right. - Do you want to wait a minute? You said she left you a message. This means that half an  hour ago there was a signal. Just half an hour there  are about three miles. So you might as well take the  boat, paddle for three miles... find a signal, talk to her  and come back in an hour. It's crazy out in a rowboat as the night raises. If the fog doesn't lift there will  be no way to help you get back. I do not care. Even if I get lost, and I spent two days going around  in circles until I find rescue... I will not let her spend another  minute believing that I don't need her. - Can I go with you? - Here is another one. Eventually we'll all go. And you could make a light to her father, because I don't know if you know,  but her father is the captain. Well, we're all in the same boat, so if someone has a problem it's all our problem. Come on, let's go. I would like you to look in the  face of the mate in front of you, to the left, to the right, the other tables. I assure you that by the next time you touch land those who now are friends, will have become your family. All right. Here begins the journey of the North Star. Again, welcome aboard to all... and enjoy dinner. You may be seated. You want me to cut it, honey? So... Here, eat. Not like that... Mom made smaller pieces. Well, then we cut it into smaller  pieces and you're done, look. That's it. Eat. But without the fat dad, I can not chew it. Without the fat. Of course, without... without the fat. She means the nerves, Captain. Relax, I can not chew them either. If I may, I can cut it for her. - Do not worry, I got it. - Does not cost me anything, really. Let her do it, Papa. - Here. - All right. So... Ricardo, you must come a moment. We sailed with a load more than expected. We have a stowaway on board, shit. - What? - An illegal immigrant. He's starving, He snuck into my cabin with a pair of boxers and funeral urn. Says he's my son. Nothing. Sure that the route is correct? Sure. Tell me something about you. Come on, tell me something. We were dating for three months, and she had never talked about  the fact that I was crippled. One day I asked her why she had  never asked how I was crippled. She smiled, she pretended to be surprised, and she said: "Are you crippled?" "I had not noticed." There is a signal. A signal! Start the engine, so we don't lose it,  and full speed ahead. Come on! I've been retired 32 days... the owner was a good person, separate... with wide hips or fat nor skinny... lived alone. And I had spent six months on fishing... In short, a caress, one thing led to another... There he is. I'm a sailor, captain. I have the certificate of diving,  I worked 735 days in the merchant navy. I've got my resume, something will be used. And because my father is your first official... eh, Dad? But as a father! As soon as we reach the port you  will be handed over to the police. If you try to leave this room, I will chain you to the foremast,  and I will rip the soul from your body. Are we clear, fool? De la Cuadra. Stop being an idiot and please  take out your son now, Fuck. Is that an order from the captain... or are you telling me as a friend? Because if you obey an order,  but if it is advice shove there. European Commission to develop nuclear energy   (ECND), Geneva  The final stage is on. Damn, they still have not come back. They will see that there is no longer a  lifeboat and we'll get in trouble, you'll see. You could tell that cripple was crazy. Do you know what it means to be crazy, Piti? Getting on a ship on the high seas and  believing that the girls will fall at your feet. But but no matter how much  ground you're an idiot anyway. Got it? You have to leave her alone,  I guess it's that time of the month. However, interested, sure. Have been listening behind the door. We have tickets for the extraction  of first fuck at sea, father. Look Piti, how should I tell you? I did not come here for that. I'm a priest. - I made a vow of chastity. - Of course. But this is what attracts the girls. Yes or no? Can I borrow your collar for a day. Only one day. Look, the whole earth is surrounded by connecting seas. It's kinda like they were roads that link the nations. My job is to navigate all those roads. All of them? So you're a little like a trucker of the sea? Yes, darling. If the ship had wheels,  dad would be a truck driver of the seven seas. Remember that... I could not accompany you on the first day of school? Because your father was here, Athens, which is located in Greece,  and is 1,984 miles from Spain. And how much are they? Approximately 15 days of travel, more or less. O Christmas. That... Remember that you were so sad because Daddy was not there the  day of Christmas, to open the presents? Look, Dad was here, in China, it is a country where people eat a lot of rice,  and the Chinese have their eyes like that. Daddy, I know how the Chinese are, in my class there are two, Xang and Luis. Ah! And how far away is it? China? China is 7900 miles, and it takes... about 25 days, depending on the winds. And where is mom? Mom is in a place off the map, sweetheart. Yes, but how many miles? Many. And how many are "many"? A thousand? A million. Your mother is a million miles away, honey. Well it is far, but since  we don't have to hurry... we can go slowly with the ship, no? Your crushing me. Pilar? Pilar? I need you. Not any more. You have climbed on  the ship, and the ship has sailed. Remember when you took away my crutch? You said that only those unable  should always rely on something. And I came out here to show  you that I'm not helpless, I don't need to lean on anyone. Ramiro, you can't pretend that you arent cripple, Just as you can't show that you're blind. Pilar, listen. I don't know you, but this guy is off the boat and rowed to the middle of the ocean  in search of a signal to talk to you. He asks you to wait for him. I've never been officially engaged, but... if a guy did for me... half of what Ramiro did for you... I'd keep him tight and never leave him. Pilar. I'll wait for you, okay? I love you. Philippe? Philippe? Philippe? Philippe? Philippe? Philippe? Honey, what are you doing? What are you doing? But you... Why are you drawing there? So small, this is not a bank, you know? Navigational maps, cost so much. What is the problem? Look, she drew a dolphin on the Strait  of Magellan and the ducks on the Maldives. Here, draw whatever you want, look... that the Cantabrian Sea and the Straits of Gibraltar. - From Tangier to Tarifa, draw what you want. - Very good. Do not give me lessons on how to educate  my daughter, when yours is locked in the hold. By the way... His resume is not bad. He is not my son, you idiot. So why go around with the urn of the  dead, not knowing what to do with them? Maybe you loved her... and you're scared because  you've been far from the sea... and the sea and the family are not compatible. Get the ashes out of here and find another place, the bridge is not the right one. Dad. What is it, honey? What's that, Dad? Damn it. Never seen such a thing, fuck. - It was not expected a storm. - Here the ship-school North Star, there's a storm that advancing  in our direction, you hear me? Do you hear me? Come on, honey, otherwise we bathe here. Order to turn on the machinery  and close portholes and hatches. Close all the main deck, and ensures the moorings. Attention, crew. We are approaching a storm. All go in the cabin wearing life jackets. Again, all in the cabin and with a jacket. Now what? We gotta do something. They're out there, drifting, and know nothing of the sea. Let's move or be submerged by the waves. Because, sometimes, the storms  sleepy and yawning a lot, so. This is why we move so much, but nothing happens. But if it yawns, it can swallow a ship? Perhaps by mistake, but it is difficult to swallow the ship,  love, because they are full of poles that fit on the palate and so the risputano at sea. Give me a kiss. Dad, leave with the ashes of mother there? No, honey. Sleep, your sister's coming right up. You want me to leave the light on like at home? Dad, now I sleep with the light off. But you can leave it on a bit. Why did you do not have life jackets? - Dad, there's a problem. - What is it? Ramiro and Estela an hour ago took  the lifeboat and have not yet returned. What? -Ramiro had to call his girlfriend... - Wait, you're telling me that two... idiots took the lifeboat to get around  at night, in the middle of the ocean? Don't you realize that you can die? This bunch of ignorant have  no idea about a ship I understand, but there is also half of you do not conceive. Will you be as courageous when we call  the family to recognize the bodies? Come on get out of here  immediately and put on your jacket. So do you. So, didn't you hear me? Fast. She loves me! - But how do you... sons of bitches. - I know. By order, force. Go. Just the cripple should be. Here the bridge, engine room... viriamo all to port, all port. Wind Speed thirty knots, increasing. Ricardo, we head west to avoid  the storm and achieve them. Ah, I can not keep the ashes of my  deceased on the bridge, but you do. Well, of course... - Scare the girl... - They don't scare her, She's not afraid to sleep with  her mother, he puts forward. It will not break, this is my wife, the mother of my children, not  the woman with wide hips of a pension. - So how much away? - Three miles. - We will get at least twenty minutes. - That's not the problem, look. That's us, the lifeboat boys, and this... this is the mother of all storms. Grows at the same speed of my hemorrhoids. The we proceed straight against. Enable the protocol. Mother's worse than rebuke you, eh? Are you scared? A little. I tried to help my friends, but I made a mess. I also have to help someone. I'll show you a secret? Where are you going? Valeria? Valeria. It 's the captain speaking. Leave cabins  immediately and assemble in the dining room. The storm is stronger than expected,  so do not forget your jacket. Why did you move the ship? Where are we going? Put on a lifejacket and immediately go  into the dining room with the others. We can't move. Going towards the storm is suicide. - You can not endanger our lives. - Look, doctor... Out there are two guys on a lifeboat in the ocean, - if we do not get them, they will die. - So we all die, - Notify the engine room, switching out. - Captain. - We head towards the boat. - If we go, we'll all die. I will do everything possible to ensure that does not happen. Please go immediately into the dining room. Please adjust the route. You don't know how serious the decision you are taking. Cause vibration to the ship. - We have to go back, now. - My duty... is to keep passengers safe, everyone. So... If you want to stop the ship... You will have to shoot me. Come on. Please. Take it easy. Nothing will happen, really,  nothing will happen. Relax. De La Cuadra, take command. Valeria, we have to go into the  dining room, the storm is approaching. Do not worry about the storm. As the boats have the posts,  the storm will not ever swallow it. Here it is. Hello, friend. Hey, it's you. Before the port and now again,  looking for an excuse to see me or what? - Why are you locked up? - Family problems. If you open it, I'll explain. He's the son of Uncle Julian. He came to know him on the ship But uncle has locked him up  because they don't know who he is... and dad got angry with him. Please. Hey. Hey, beautiful, are you  going to open it or not? Hey! Fuck. I'll open it, but notice that I am armed,  so don't do anything stupid, okay? Go back. - Go back! - Calm down. Moreover, all the way. More. Raise your hands. - How? - Put your hands up! - Hello. - Hello. A harpoon? I thought that after our first meeting, - You would have used something more romantic. - What are you doing? What are you doing? I always picture the beautiful things I see. Look. What beautiful. He called you beautiful thing. Do you want her to be your girlfriend? - Forget it, Valeria. - Valeria. Pointing a harpoon is the step before the first date, you'll see. Try it, maybe I'll change your mind. Okay. But know that I free you because I'll  regret you dying drowned in the storm. What storm? There are only four drops. -- Are you OK? -- Yes. We have to save two comrades  who are adrift in a lifeboat. Where? Captain. It's true that you takes us to the  center of the storm, the fuck? What are you doing here, you bastard? We must recover the boys. All will be well. Back inside. Julian, give him a life preserver. - He does not give a shit. - Do not tell me crap. Try to move five hundred tons and seventy feet long during a lightning storm at thirty knots  and even graze the storm. I'll go. You should be in the dining area or I'll fix you. He knows that this is not the  fastest way to make a save. I can take the boat, Captain. I go and come  back in a quarter of the time, you know. You're not going anywhere. - Those guys are my responsibility. - And the other forty? Whose are they? You want to put their lives at risk? Captain, please. Absolutely not. - I forbid you, clear, Ulises? No. - Are you deaf? That's an order, fuck. - Get off me. I'm not a sailor, and he is not my father, no? Ulises, wait. Take it. Give me your location at all times, okay? And be careful. He has taken the character of a big baby shit. Come on, as my mother would say, storms are  better addressed on a full stomach. Just out of the fryer. Come on, pass the plate come on. I want to see clean dishes, right? This is for you, honey. Are you all right? It's nothing. - It's a matter of time. It will end soon. - Come on. - Relax. - It's nothing. - It's coming,it's coming, it's coming. - Ready? - It's starboard now. - I slip away without gloves. Have you seen how fun the storms can be? I like them. It's Ulises, do you copy? - I hear you. - Wind speed and wind direction constant. - 36 knots, heading north-east. - Got it. Shit. It's a storm against the pricks, Captain. If it gets worse go away with  pepper in the ass, I will try. We'll wait here until you return. Ulises, listen, you're going to get in the  middle of the storm. Be very careful. If I were a conservative type  I would not be here, sir. Listen, I veered 15 degrees to port,  so I put the bow toward the sea. It's clear that he has the balls. It's clear that he is a complete idiot. Are you OK? All right, Doctor? Ulises, Ulises, give me the route and direction. Give me the route and direction, Ulises. Excuse me, captain, I was doing a swim. At the bow waves of three meters  I have wind strength 6:00 to 7:00. Let's go to bed. This was the boom of the mainmast, that does not stand the pressure of the wind. What happens if you break the tree? - Your Lifejacket? - I left a second in the bathroom... and someone clever had taken it. No, really, Palomares, it's not necessary. Really. - Yes, take it. - But no, really. And that to me fits in my armpit. - Put it on yourself. - Relax. Quiet guys, you saved from a shipwreck. I am already past. Four minutes without oxygen to the brain, - And here I am. - Sure, honey. - Normal. - Yes, let's go. Ulises, Ulises, you're very close to them. You can see them on the starboard side. At about 200 meters. Ulises, Do you copy? I do not see anything, I do not see anything. The storm is very strong, looks like a hurricane, damn it! I can not stand. Shit, I do not see anything. What the fuck? You start to mix the ashes? I'm not mixing, They have fallen. And then Marisa will also be your dead, but the other is mine. See get back to your place, fuck. Madam, how about giving me a hand here instead of staying standing there. The exact location of the boat dispersed, Captain? Do you copy? I receive you, Ulises. Ulises? Ulises. Ulises. Ulises, you see them? Reply shit. Ulises. Come on boy. Ulises, are you okay? Ulises? Reply Ulises. What the fuck is going on? Relax, Relax. It will pass. Ulises. Ulises, answer. Ulises. Reply Ulises. Up, it seems that the worst is over. Don't break your head before hideing, guys. - You want us to pray, Father? - I've already said all the prayers in existence. But, if you like, We could tell jokes. Yes. Here we go. Vilma? Piti? Have you heard about the anchors? The captain says to the sailor: "You know how many anchors are on a ship?" The sailor says, "too many." "What do you mean too many?" "Too many, Captain. Too many. Otherwise Why do you always order us to drop anchor?" Me! There is a Frenchman, a Spanish and English... Ulises, are you there? Ulises, answer. Are you there? Captain, Ulises is speaking. Can you hear me? - Captain, are you with me. - Ulises I can hear you. - Captain, are you with me. I go back to Stella. - I'm with him. The horses don't push more than that, captain. Go to the tablet or take of the water behind. Launch a rocket, I want to see a fucking light somewhere. And you begin to prepare a daiquiri. They are ready, boy. We will launch a rocket every two minutes. You! Fermo. The next time you don't comply  with an order from the captain... I'll put them in your ears like the last  soup from your mother. Do you understand? Come on, get in! I would say that we can return to the coordinates. What's going on? We received an SOS from the Valkyrie,  a freighter with 32 men in the crew. They have flaws. Reply to the SOS while I correct the course. We're going to help them. - Captain, it's too late. There's no time. - Late for what? Ricardo, another SOS. What the fuck does that mean? Every one of those dots is a ship that an SOS. There are hundreds and hundreds of lives. I beg you captain, go back to the coordinates if you don't want to become one of those red dots, please. What is the situation? Well, bruised, but alive. Three dislocated shoulders, a broken arm and a lot of bruises. Nothing serious, Ricardo. With regard to the ship, There are two holes in the stern. Here they are, and no computer works. But we are still afloat. With the scientists coordinates we're just above the Dolina Santa Teresa, and there we had only touched the hurricane. I think that was the one that saved us. we contacted the Captaincy General of Tenerife? Nothing. Neither the Master, or relief. Nothing. It's as if the whole world had disappeared. - Good morning. - Good morning, captain. Go to the bridge and make route for Santa Cruz. Let's go back to port. We need to repair the ship. Yeah, and deliver illegal immigrants to the police. That guy is a crook, Ricardo, I tell you. If he were really a sailor, he wouldn't contradict the captain of the ship. Ever. Impossible. - Wait for me here. - Where are you going? Wait a minute. Here are the ashes of your dead. In the end I divided by eye. Half and half. I think mine weigh more than your Marisa, but... it doesn't seem appropriate  to make a fuss over ashes. Okay, okay. Forget it. Shall we? Come on. It 's the captain speaking. I order you to take the rest of the day off... and I invite you to have fun, sunbathing, chatting... coffee and pastries and a beer to my health. Ah, guys... I'll stay lying here until  the sun sets, my dear. And then I will still be lying  here when the sun rises again. guys, I want you to know that I owe you a favor. Thanks for helping me. Hey beautiful, because you owe me one, Put a bit of cream on. Father. No Piti, do not even think about it. No, no Piti, stop it, stop it. No, Piti! And where'd you jump out of? I came up following a girl. The biggest storm of the world I was not scared. What worries me is the professor sleeping down the hall. Because he knows our secrets, but I do not know him. "Friends and acquaintances" "... every day ..." Polaris 02/11. Hello North Star. - You knew it wasn't a normal storm. - Is anyone there? You can tell me what you want. But don't mention my mother. Vilma. There's poison, have you sucked the wound? No, no, no. My ship doesn't admit neither goods nor  mysterious secrets. What's in the boxes? It's the most important child in  the world, you have to take care. My family are the ship and the captain. Stay away from my daughter. Sometimes impossible things happen. The storm was not a climate event. What does that mean? It 's very likely that, at this time, we  are the only inhabitants of the world. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 