The Real Housewives of Atlanta: Season 12, Episode 23 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 s12e23 - Secrets Revealed - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta (2008–…): Season 12, Episode 23 - Secrets Revealed - full transcript 
 Catch the never-before-seen revealing and hilarious moments you didn't see this season. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Tonight, on a very - Tonight, on a very special episode of "The Real Housewives of Atlanta..." Oh! - We are in the driver's seat. - Cheers. - Hey. - For this episode of never before seen footage. - Go ahead and blow on the end of the blowpipe. - Oh, it's comin', babe. - This is my type of little party. - We're gonna fill you in on what life is like 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 under quarantine. - Some days go by really fast, and then other days it's like, what is going on? - Have you talked to Marc? - How simple feuds almost turned into war. Every topic came up, and I'd tell you it was squashed. We never, ever spoke on it. - And defining moments in our relationships. - I didn't tell you that I had got semi-permanent birth control. - If that isn't enough, we have a never before aired moment with Yovanna. Yes, that bitch. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Season 12 was filled with nothing but savage moments. ♪ Kenya Moore Haircare ♪ - So, grab a cookie. - Lady can make a hell of a cookie. Cookie was good. - Take your wig off. - And join us for an explosive episode of "Real Housewives of Atlanta." - You see how you guys are comin' at me? - Is this game night or a bullsh-- night? - Oh! - What we doin'? ♪♪♪ - I was "Gone with the Wind," but now I'm back and twice as fabulous. - I'm livin' my dream, not above my means. - This Phoenix has risen, and I'm sayin', "Bye, ashes." - The only time that I look back, is to see how far I've come. - Don't check for me unless you got a check for me. - I'm on a spiritual journey and still traveling first class. ♪♪♪ - This season, our relationships were front and center from our marriage OGs, NeNe and Gregg. Uh-uh. - To the newlyweds. - Guess who's gonna get their butts kicked. - How's my baby? - To even a thirsty soon to be bride. - You throw them rose petals as I walk in the door. - We were all willing to go the extra mile to keep the home fires burning. ♪♪♪ - We're gonna teach you how to dance today, baby. Gonna teach you how. - Oh, my God. - Cynthia pulled out all the moves in order to secure that ring. - Yeah. - Oh! - Because when in doubt, just chill and twerk it out. - Well my name is Jo. My fun name is Fiyah Starta. - Okay. - I'm gonna be your twerk technician today. - You're gonna teach me how to twerk. - I'm gonna teach you how to twerk today. - Please do. - You get-- can you teach anybody how to twerk? - I can teach anyone how to twerk. - 'Cause-- - I'm gonna help you throw that thing in a circle-- throw it up and down. - In a circle? - Drop it like it's hot. Drop it like it's 400 degrees. - Ooh! - Okay, okay, let me try. I need all the help I can get, chile. - Boom. I like how you look. - Oh, oh. - I can't-- okay, we gotta go. - All right. So, now, we got-- now, we got work to do. - Y'all got work. I'mma sit over here. - We'll call you back out a little bit later. Grab that pole right there, Miss Thunderclap. - Okay. -All right. So, we're gonna go with the basics first, okay? - Okay. - So, we're gonna start facing the front of the room. - Okay. - So, let's start first with rocking the hips from side to side, nice and easy. Good. Go ahead and stretch over and through the right leg. Reachin' down for your toes. Good. - Baby, you need some WD-40. You gotta loosen up a little bit. - Switch your side. Oh, she gonna be loose. - I am, baby. This-this is the stretch. - Bring it up. Good. All right, so now we gon' work. So, you can start facing the side like so, and you can stand-- and you gotta create weight, so it's like down, down, down, down. - Oh! - There you go. Down, down. - Come on, now. - Up, up, up, up. Arch your back. Yes, right here. Bam. Up, up. Okay, here she go. Yes, yes. You're doin' it. - Yeah, I'm doin' it. - It's doin' it. Do you feel jiggly bits? - I do. - Okay. - It's all in the back. Like, you gotta arch the back and just throw it up. Boom, boom, boom, boom. - Way to go, Thunderclap! - Whoo! Aww. - Thunderclap. - All right. Where my sock? - Can't let the other people sweep up my money. - Make sure you get it all, baby. That's the hardest $20 I ever worked for. I tell you. - While Cynthia was dropping it low, Todd tried to bring the sexy back into our marriage with a little bit of... ...blowing. I've never blown glass before. - But you've blown a couple of other things. Ahh. Ha-ha-ha. I guess I set myself up for that. - We'll let you gather. Come on up over here. - All right. What I'm gonna do? - Okay, put your left hand underneath, right here. - All right. - And then turn with your fingers here. - Okay, okay. - There we go. Then level and come on out. Take this over to the- the glory hole. Just always turn. Let's take it over here. - Keep turning, babe. - Okay, now, let's blow it. - He's blowing. He's sticking it in the glory hole. I mean, this is my type of little party. - Just go ahead and blow on the end of the blowpipe, right there. There you go. That's it. - Oh, it's comin', babe. - That's good. Stop. Nice. Good job. - I had no idea that glass blowing would be such a Kandi Koated event. - Okay, now, let's blow, again. - I almost feel like we should add glass blowing to the dungeon party that I do. - Ahh! - Little blow. There you go. Stick 'em in the hole there. - You never know. We will definitely be doing some of these techniques later. - Okay, now, just very gently tap right there. Tap. There you go. There it is. - Okay. - Oh, wow. That was cool. - Yeah. Thank you, man. Appreciate ya. - Thank you so much. - Yeah, you're welcome. - Thank you. - I enjoyed that. - I'm gonna drink some of this water. - Thanks, Todd. This was awesome 'cause I've never done this before. - You're blowin' and puttin' it in. ♪ Oh baby yeah yeah yeah ♪ ♪ oh baby ♪ ♪ Somebody is sleepy ♪ - Oh, child, my hair is a mess. - Hey, girl. - How y'all holdin' up over there in this quarantine? - Who you tellin'. I know, right? That's what I said. Cooking, cleaning all day, every day. I got two little ones over here. Have you talked to Marc? You're not concerned about him being up there in New York? Girl, if somebody told me last year that we was gonna be stuck in the house this year for months at a time, I would've been like, "Pfft, whatever." This is crazy. All right, let me figure out what I gotta cook for dinner tonight. Meanwhile, almost a year ago when going out for crab legs wasn't even a luxury... - I enjoyed this getaway. I needed it. - Yeah. - I'm glad y'all got me out of the house. - Porsha was doing her best to convince her family that her and Dennis were done for good. - So, have you talked to Dennis today? - I mean, if a situation like this were to happen, and we were just dating, and there wasn't a baby involved, then... - Right. - Right. - Poof. Be gone. - So-- - Well, what-- yeah, what? Yeah. - Can we stop dancing around it? - Huh? - It's obviously somethin' you wanna work through and guess what. That's a good thing, so don't feel embarrassed with me 'cause I'm your mom. - Yeah, ain't no judgment. - This is your best friend. This your sister. - Yeah. - We want it to work. We want what you want. - What I want, is for him to be honest. - So, you don't know. - I don't. I haven't confirmed. - But you got enough confirmations to be mad. - I've got enough to have reason. I know that somethin' inappropriate has gone down with Dennis and another woman. I decided to check his phone, and that's when I realized this is not just a friend, and from that point on, I've had questions about the situation, and I just feel like I haven't gotten the total truth. - Alaskan king crab legs. - Ooh! - Ooh! Ooh! - Can I have one of your green beans? - Sure. - So, let me ask one thing. Is the wedding still on for New Year's Eve? 'Cause I just wanna plan ahead and get my babysitter. - No, it's not on. - Did you cancel the venue? - I ain't never chose no venue yet. We were literally just about to plan. All this happened at the same time. It's like a divine intervention or somethin'. - Divine or the devil. - I feel like this a little ambush, lightweight. I feel like y'all were somewhere conjuring up a big-ass dinner with crab legs and Hennessy 'cause y'all know that's how Dennis got the booty the other day. And y'all figure y'all would get the tea from me. - I didn't know that part. - I didn't either. - Huh? - Well, we were at lunch yesterday, and I was explaining to you that I'm not sleeping with my baby daddy. You said, "Neither am I." - Because sleeping is present tense. I'm not sleeping with him. - You are sleeping. - I say slept. - Last week is the same as right now. - That's, like, last week. - You ain't need to know all that, but now you know it, so there you go. I messed up. Ended up gettin' tipsy when he had Alize, Hennessy, and he had-- - Ghetto. - That's real ghetto. - And Hpnotiq. - Those aren't even expensive. - No. - And crab legs. - Those aren't even expensive things. - I don't cost much. - You're a little cheap date. - I think I made a mistake. Yeah, for sure. I mean, it-it was-- it was great, but it was really just me not wanting to feel the pain for that day, and it put out a different signal. It made him feel like things could be okay. The next morning when I woke up, I was totally like, "Don't touch me. "Don't look at me. Don't breathe over here." - 'Cause you already had bust one. - Eww! My mom is here. - Who cares? - What do you mean? I don't bust nothin' but pimples. - You're-- you had a baby. You had a baby. She knows-- - I'm a virgin in my mother's eyes. - She knows-- You're pregnant. I mean you were pregnant. - Mommy, am I innocent? Coming up next... - Where you gonna find him at? ♪♪♪ - Marlo. - How you doin', sis? - What are you doing? - Girl, I'm ready to go to the club. I'm getin' on these streets tonight. - You ain't fittin' to go to no club, girl. Girl, listen. - Where you gettin' ready to go? - Oh, I'm going to, uh, D-Nice Club tonight. - I can't go to no club, honey. I seen D-Nice last week. - Girl, yes, I'm out. I'm ready to find me a man tonight, baby. This club poppin'. - Where you gonna find him at? - Girl, somebody just walked in fine as chocolate. - Where he walk in at? - You can't see him. It's a VIP door over there. - Things got pretty serious this season. You shut the up, bitch. - You shut the f--- up! But trust and believe. In between all of the shade and the reads... - If you got your feelings hurt, I can appreciate-- - I didn't get my feelings hurt 'cause I would have to care about you to get my feelings hurt. - Oh. - Got it. - We were always laughing, honey. I think my hair is in my ear, but it's on my head. It's on my forehead. But, for some reason, I'm like, is it in my ear? - Is there such thing as twerking your boobs? ♪♪♪ - Make sure my titties is good, 'cause sometimes I look at them in interviews. They be flat. ♪♪♪ - I shouldn't have to do all this to make my titties be good. They should just naturally lay up there like two pretty little flowers. I'm gonna have to get my-- I want a refund. Got it. - Can I take my wig off? - Mm-hmm. - Oh, God. - Wig is off, so-- - And it ain't comin' back on. Bye. ♪♪♪ Hello. - Guys, it's startin' to rain. - Where is the dress store y'all found? - Marlo! - I'm gonna just grab one. - Let's go. It's startin' to rain. - NeNe, come on. Where are you? These pants are hot. - I think I want some gold gladiators. You don't have gold gladiators? - Okay, let's go, guys. Okay. - Is the place we're going to tonight for dinner dressy 'cause I have quite the outfit in mind. - Uh, we're not going back. - No, my legs are skinny, so it needs to be-- - Yeah, well-- - The crane thing was everything. - Oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Okay, hold my hand. - Oh, my God! Like, I can honestly say-- - Yeah, I know, I love it. - I'm very well-traveled, chile. I've done it all, but I've never done that. - Okay, thank you. - Thank you. Bye. - See ya. Bye. So, am I going left? Marlo! - No, like, we're forever bonded, honestly, whether-- - Right. Even though sometimes y'all get on my damn nerves. - We're connected, honey. You can't get rid of me, honey. - This way, guys. Come on. - Oh, God, where is everybody at? Kandi! ♪♪♪ Lord, help me, Jesus. Put me back on the right track 'cause I have damn near lost myself. Ahh! Oh, my God! - Where's NeNe? You guys, where's NeNe? Did we miss one person? - Well, she needs to come. - She's comin'. - Y'all done leave her out here by herself? - No, we can't leave one person. - No, she's coming. We didn't leave her. Where is everybody? - On the bus. - Uh, no, really, for real, where's NeNe? ♪♪♪ - NeNe, where are you? - Where is she? - She was coming. She was buying some shoes. ♪♪♪ - Sister! - Oh, you're so full of sh--. My sister. Where's my sister? - You didn't even know. - I found some shoes. - No, I knew she was gone. - She didn't even notice. Come on. - Girl, whatever. I knew she was buyin' shoes.. - Now, we can go. - Coming up next... - How you holdin' up over there? - Well, I appreciate the quality time with my man, but, girl. - This is a really good tester for you and Mike. - Oh, no, no, no, I've never been more certain that I wanna marry this man. Bitch, okay? We have been tested in every way. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - It's hard to maintain consistent friendships in this group. One day, you're givin' each other friendship bracelets. Oh, my God, you have one. - Uh-huh. - And the next day... - Well, I actually like to look extra pretty when I'm gonna read a bitch. - Who knew that sunflower and I would end up so close? Hi. I'm just checking on you guys. - Cynthia, my roots. - Oh, my goodness, yes. - Oh my God. I've been broadcasting on The Rickey Smiley morning show from home. How you holding up over there? - Well, I appreciate the quality time with man-- but, girl. - This is a really good tester for you and Mike. - Oh, no, no, no. I've never been more certain that I wanna marry this man. Bitch, okay? We have been tested in every way. - I bet. - There's no shred of privacy at this point. - So, has the 'rona changed the date, or are we still 10-10? - I don't know. Am I gonna have a Zoom wedding? - No, we are not Zooming the bride. - Okay. Have you spoke to any of the ladies? Yeah. - It's so weird because, you know, me and Porsha don't really talk. - How does that even work? How are you and Porsha not getting along and Mike and Dennis are good friends? ♪♪♪ - So, what's going on wit' you and your boo-boo? - I wanna-- I wanna-- I wanna-- - 'Cause even though Mike and Dennis are friends, Mike is as tightlipped as they come, honey. He don't tell me nay-nay. - Paul is the same way. Is it just-- - I don't think he's telling you nay-nay 'cause Dennis probably ain't telling him nay-nay. - At least from Instagram and especially when it comes to being parents, it seems like you guys are in a really good place. - Well, that's because, for PJ, that's what I'm gonna do. - And for that, mom, my hat goes off to you. - Thank you. - 'Cause that is not an easy thing to do. - No. He asked me to go to counseling on Monday. - And what'd you say? - I told him I will go. - The fact that you guys are both trying, the fact that-- - Oh, he better be trying. - Yes. - Then that's all that matters. - We watched your relationship blossom. We hung out. Like, we support you no matter what. - It's an embarrassing situation but guess what. I'm dealing with it in the public. I left "Dish" with a ring on and a baby, and now when I came back to "Dish" without the ring and the baby. - Whatever topic came up, and I tell you it was squashed. We never, ever spoke on it out of respect for your situation. - Well, that-that is the "Dish" family way. - Yeah. - At the end of the day, I know none of y'all would try to hurt me or whatsoever. - Never, ever. - And none of y'all would expose me. - I don't like to speak on the situation much. That's not my place. But to hear from your mouth that there is some hope there makes me happy. - Yes. - Because when it comes to the Sterling family, we root for y'all, and Mike don't want nothin' but to see y'all back together. You deserve love. He deserves love. Pilar deserves y'all's family. - Yeah. - Yeah. - And there is healing in there somewhere. It is possible. - Somewhere in there. - Somewhere in there. ♪♪♪ - I might remember what I say. I might not. Who cares? I don't remember sh--, so whatever. ♪♪♪ - I'm makin' up some salmon real quick and then-- - Mama Marlo. - That's awesome. - I'm all y'all's now. Today started off so crazy for me. I couldn't get over-- Y'all, dog gone Kenya Moore. That was just so much. ♪♪♪ - Kenya Moore Haircare! Hi! - Ahh! - I was so pissed. - Yeah. - Right, right. - I'm not gonna be super positive with her, not with Eva. She didn't show up, and that's 'cause she doesn't care for me, and she's still mad, but it's crazy 'cause Eva is the one I would wanna make amends with. - Really? Why? - Because-- - 'Cause when you're more upset with another bitch, you easily accept that one. - No, no, I told y'all earlier I would. Eva I just feel that... I wanna know when I look in your eyes, you're bein' real with me. You went and text me behind y'all back. - But Marlo some people open up later. You're takin' up Eva a lot, too. What's up wit' you and Eva? - Honestly, I'm just a little truth teller over here. What? - You said, "Truth teller," but-- - What? - When everybody was talkin' about the situation between Kenya and Eva, you did not confirm that that's what Eva said. - Eva did say that I wanted to come back around her because I don't know her like that. - This is her first time really being around Kenya, to be honest. - It's my-- yeah, I wanted to make sure everything was good. - Like, her and Kenya haven't really hung out like that. - So, what you think she was gonna do to you? You and your kids? - I didn't know what was gonna happen. - I took it as she just wants to see what her energy will be like another time. Literally, that's what I said. - Me, Cynthia, and Eva had went to, um, this wedding shop together. - Mm-hmm. - And we said something to her about it then, and then she said some other things you may not care for. - Like what, girl? - She was just sayin', like, "She all up in my business. "Maybe I should forward her some of these blogs "about Dennis, so she can have some business to mind. "The C-section ain't even healed yet, "and she over here worried about me." - That sound like somebody who was just mad. - She said you're just a jukebox. Throw a coin in her. - What?! - She needs some business, and I can forward her a lot of these blogs, so she can mind that business. She's still got her C-section healin'. She over here worried about somebody else's baby. - Ooh, leave Eva alone. - Now I guess I'm about to see what Marlo's saying when it come to fake. - I told you. - I am completely shocked that Eva has gone on this nasty-ass rant about me. But if she felt like this, okay, that's fine because guess what, I was a little shady comin' out of the gate. - But why would she want to-- - But my thing is, I just saw ya, and you didn't say nothin' about it. - When it comes to the Sterling family, we root for y'all. - This girl has always shown a supportive face to me. It's pretty hard for me to believe. I don't like to be hangin' out if you're feelin' like that, and you're not tellin' me. You know what I'm sayin'? Like-- - I don't want what I just said right now to, like, tear up friendships. - I'm not even talkin' to her. I'm-- I don't wanna be in this one. - Well, what I will say, it-it ain't gonna tear up no friendship because I got other things that are important to me that need my energy way more than this, but since I have invested some into her, I'll address it. - I go by energy, baby, but not that sh-- that Eva talkin' about, real energy. I go by this right here. That eye contact tells you everything, baby. Give me your stare down. Don't you-- - What did that just tell you about Kandi? - She can be real. - Uh-uh, uh-uh, scared. There's somethin' in them eyes. - I'm tellin' y'all eye contact is everything. - She knows too much. - She knows too much. - She knows too much. - She's Atlanta-- - Ahh. Coming up next... - And Cynthia told her. - Told her what? - About you. - Wow, that's how it happened. - And I never-- yes. - Okay. I felt it. - Mm-hmm. - I was like, oh, yeah, she's checking me out, boo-boo. - Yeah, she did. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - Life is a game, and you really have to know how to play. Tanya unfortunately just wasn't ready. Hey! - How are you? - Hi. How are you? - Give me one sec. - Huh? - These are the cookies you brought home. - I did. Weren't they good? - Yeah, they were good. - They were so good. While she played checkers, I played chess. - Oh, it's the cookie lady. - Oh, wonderful. - But like someone famous once said, "Don't come for me unless I send for you." He ate up all my cookies. - Double chocolate? - Yeah, you're going for the right thing. You're hittin' all the right chords. - Yeah, he loves chocolate. - Hittin' everything I want. - Clearly. I love it. - I'm on chocolate overload. - Are you havin' somethin'? I love it. I love it. - I wanted to just, like, chat with her a little bit. - That works. - But in private. - Yeah. - I appreciate it. - 'Cause I know you don't like to hear women things. - I don't. Yeah. - So, just wait for me outside for one second, sweetheart. - All right, you guys. All right. Yeah. - Okay, thank you. So, how are you feeling? - I'm good. I'm good. - Yes. - How was everything the other day? - I mean, it was crazy. Like, is it normal for people who aren't married, that are just engaged, to keep referring to the other person as the husband? - Yes, yeah. - 'Cause clearly it's what she wants. You're his fiance seven years. That's the problem that you're having. Basically, seven years a slave but seven years his fiance. - When you're about to get married, you need to really know where your spouse-- where is he mentally? - And then Cynthia told her. - Told her what? - About you. And I never-- - Wow. That's how it happened. Okay. - Yes, and I had never said anything. So, then this lady comes and tries to embarrass me, and I've never done anything to Tanya. But, girl, when she saw you, she was like... What? Kenya. Kenya! - I was like, come back, little pony. Come back. - Kenya. - I'm going to the bathroom. - Let me go with you. Come on. - Good to see you. - We'll come back. - But she seen me. It was like I felt it. - Mm-hmm. - I was like, "Oh, yeah, she's checked me out before." - Yeah, she did her research, and she talked to Paul about it already, too. - Right, and he said his side. I was like, "Okay." - And then she kept saying, "Oh, so, it's nothing." Uh, she said he tried to hit on her. - Right. - Chased her down and said he was single. So, how is that not nothing? - Right. - I was like, "Girl, okay, girl. You're in denial." But anyway, I didn't have anything to do with it. I'm glad you came. - I'm glad I did, too. - I was like, "I don't know." If you wanna ask the source, ask the source. - There we go, and we did it. - Yeah. But let me get back to my husband. - Do your thing. Enjoy. Come back and get your sandwich. - Yes, yeah. Don't leave me! Okay, let me go get my man. - He left already. - He's done with the cookies, so he wants-- - I already-- I already left her. - He might need some more. - Tick-tock, tick-tock. - You-you ate both the cookies? I left her. ♪♪♪ - Hi. - How-- - I know, right? I'm just reduced to sweatpants, Miss Celie braids, and a baseball cap. I can't do nothin' else. You look beautiful. How is Brooklyn? Oh, my goodness. Do you have a nanny helping you? Like, you don't even have any help. Like, it's just you and Brooklyn. We're the opposite. I have a houseful of people over here. Like, we're just trying to keep food and toilet paper goin'. I'm just ready for it to be over, I-- - Honestly, you know, I'm on a couple of the group chats. - Well, I think there's a couple, honey, that you might not be on. - You know, these girls, literally, I feel like they just were taking bets at one time about, like, our friendship. Oh, yeah. Oh, they were like, "Oh, we knew that you and Kenya gonna fall out." Like, they were just-- - Yeah. - Oh, without question-- without question. - Okay, so, to some, I may have gone a little too far, but, believe it or not, I know the meaning of the word "sorry" when I am actually sorry. Hi. I'm looking for Eva. - Yes, she's right back here getting hair and makeup done. - Okay. All right. Hi. Hi. - Hey, beautiful. - Hi, cutie. - You gotta come here photo ready. - I'm ready, honey. I see y'all settin' up for me and everything. Yes. Yes, honey, we are gettin' it ready. Pop a squat. - I see. You are always doin' too much. Why are you still working? - 'Cause we have to do a maternity shoot for the baby. - You know what? I'm so jealous. - Did you do one for Brooklyn? - I did not. - No? And do you regret it a little bit? - I absolutely do. But I was planning it right after the baby shower. - Oh. - Hi. - Hi. - Oh, hello. - Hi, girlie. - You have a lotta company. - I didn't know you invited, like, a whole crew of people. - And not a whole crew, just two. - I'm sorry. Neither did I. - Just two of my girlfriends-- no one knew. - Oh, okay. Hello, Tanya. - Hi. - All the time. - I brought you some ice. - Ahh! - It's not iced tea, but it-- - Is it ice? No, it's okay. It's okay. It's good ice. - Got it in there, girl. - It's good ice. Let me get some air in there. No one knew that anyone was coming. This was literally just a personal plan, and I wanted everybody to get an opportunity for a redo 'cause the last time we hung out, I think that what everyone intended to happen and what ended up happening were, like, two different things. Um, and the reality is, is as friends, we're going to get on each other's nerve, but I feel like there is definitely a place for us to always come back to one. - Mm-hmm. - So, if I could do anything to, like, try to get a person that I adore and love back to a better place with a new person that I am getting to love, then I-- - Oh, you don't love me already? - Well, we just started following each other on Instagram. - My feelings are hurt. - No, first of all, did you follow me? - Of course. I've been sending you DMs. - The reality is, Tanya is my girl, and Kenya is Cynthia's girl. So, letting cooler heads prevail, we should have a nice resolution. - The blogs told me you unfollowed me. - I did. I wasn't interested anymore. But let-- let's, like, not go backwards. I do want to apologize for calling you out of your name. - Yeah, that was a first and pretty shocking for me. The fact is, you were a real. - Okay, at 40, you've never been called out of your name. - No, not that word. - Okay. Well, I actually have never called anyone that word, so it's a first for me, too. Yeah. - Okay, that's positive. - Yeah. I don't accept Kenya's apology 'cause it was insincere. People in glass houses should not throw stones. You should spend more time worrying about your own relationship than mine 'cause mine is strong. - Okay, this was successful. This is a good start. I can't wait to call Cynthia. - Coming up next... I had got semi-permanent birth control, and I started having these issues. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Now, we don't know when we're gonna go back outside. Like, when I went down the street, I was talking to NeNe, and I was like... We don't know how long this is a-- it's gonna last. Like, so, this could be our new normal. So whatever routine we can get into that feels healthy... - Yeah. - We gotta do it because this is... We don't know what we're dealing with. How has it been going? So, Dennis has been at the house? - Yes, 'cause girl we be having to talk through the door because I be giving him my moods. You know... - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Let me get a drink for this X-rated version. Oh, we-- oh, seriously... Are you guys gonna have a quarantine baby? - Listen, I know everybody is about to come out of this pregnant... but not me, I'm good. I'm not! I'm not, stop! ♪♪♪ - So, what's up? You was on my side of town. What's up? - I-I didn't go to bed 'til 5:00 'cause I was cleaning up the room while PJ was asleep, and then I called the doctor's office to make an appointment. - Everything straight? What's up? - Um, I, um, went to the doctor's 'cause I was, um, gettin' a checkup. We talked about in counseling just being completely honest about everything. - Mm-hmm. - So, I didn't tell you that I had got a semi-permanent birth control called an IUD. - Today? - No, um, about three weeks ago. You know, I just didn't want us to... Make any mistakes or whatever. I had wanted to tell you then that I had got it, but then I was just, like, I didn't, and then you kept talking about baby Dennis and all of that. So, then I was like, "Okay, I probably should go ahead and tell him." Dennis is pressin' fast forward on havin' another baby. I didn't wanna tell him that I got a IUD because, to him, it would be like, "Why would you do that? "You know that we wanna have kids really soon." Then as soon as I got ready to tell you, I started havin' these issues. Like, my stomach be hurtin' real, real bad, and it was even after my period, so I was like, "This isn't normal." So, I just went to go get it checked on, and when she did the ultrasound, the doctor couldn't find the string. - It disappeared? - It just disappeared. Like, and I don't know. Maybe that's contributing to the pain, but the other thing was, while she was on the ultrasound, she saw another fibroid, and it's in the same place my other fibroids were. It's just much, much larger. Uh, you know, I was like, "Well, would you remove it?" But she was like, to have the myomectomy again would make the whole thing difficult to deliver a baby. And she was like, "Well, the other option "would be to leave it," and then, if I got pregnant, see if-if the baby would possibly outgrow it. I don't know. I'm scared to just roll the dice and get pregnant and not know what's gonna happen. I decided to get an IUD because we are in the healing process from the cheating. I mean, we are still rebuilding our relationship. I don't think it's time to have a baby, right now. - I know a lot of people with only child, so... Then we'll see what happens. - Okay. - Okay. All right. - I'm just glad you're not upset about me not telling you about the-- - Let's-let's go to the doctor on Friday, and we'll go from there. Don't-don't do that. Don't blame yourself. Don't do that. All right. It's okay. It's all right. ♪♪♪ It's okay. - I'm just scared. That's all. ♪♪♪ - There's nothing else to do, but I don't know if this wine is helping. - I don't even drink red wine. You know, I love me some Hennessy. Girl, I have been drinking red wine, but Lauren told me this the other day. She was like, "Listen." - No. - "You need to at least wash your face. Like, get your-- at least your eyebrow "and concealer, somethin'." - Some of my friends will be like, "Girl, I haven't shaved my legs in four weeks." I was like, uh... - No, no, no. If you got in house peen I'm gonna need you to keep it together okay. If you wanna keep gettin' it. - You have to be grateful for the in-house peen because there's a lot of people out there who have nothin'. - Well... We're gonna have a moment of silence for them. ♪♪♪ - What up, cutie pie? - Hey. - What's goin' on with Brooklyn? - She's eating her shoes, and she's crawling. I wanna take her to the zoo, but I never have time to take her the zoo when I'm there. because we never have the schedules right. - Well, it was 95 yesterday, so I don't know. - You changed the date, remember? - I'm always around. You can always come with. I'll figure it out. What are you talking about? We celebrated your birthday together. When did you buy your own birthday cake when we celebrated your-- But why? It wasn't on your birthday. You were here during your birthday. We went to the soccer game. Within my relationship with my husband, everything is critical to me. Every word, every action, every phone call, every FaceTime, every "I love you," I'm just criticizing it to the max. Like, what does this mean? What is this about? - Um... - I don't know why you're saying that because we celebrated your birthday, and-and the trip was just a added bonus. I don't know why you're mentioning this now. I just feel like things are changing, and I can't ignore that, and I don't know where it's coming from. Just means you're gonna be working more. - Okay, Mr. Daly. - Bye-bye, dad. Give daddy a kiss. Muah. Uh-uh, don't turn your head. Muah. Give daddy a kiss. Watch this. I know this makes you jealous. Give mommy a kiss. Okay, first, give mommy a kiss. Give mommy a kiss. Give mommy a kiss. Whatever. - Coming up next... - So, is there audio or not? - I may have proof of our conversation. - All right. Girl, what the are you doing? ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - It's been one hell of a season filled with twists... - Cynthia have talked about me like a dog, and, unfortunately for her, they recorded everything you said. - Oh. - Turns... - Do you wanna divorce Marc and just move on? - I told him he-he can't come back here. - Olive branches... - You've given her a olive branch, and a olive tree, and a olive orchard. So, move on. - Shade... - Y'all in here cryin' from a card and some cheese. - Oh! - And even snakes. I don't like ----in' snakes. - The snake-- the snake-- the snake is your man. - So, we couldn't leave without showing you one explosive moment that finally closed the chapter on snakegate once and for all. ♪♪♪ - We miss you. - My timeline lit. - We know you would've been, like-- - What? - Toronto. - Oh, yeah. - Oh, right. - You were missed. You were very missed. - It looked like everybody had a good time. - Yeah. - Well, everybody except for Yovanna. - She gotta go. She gotta go. - Oh, listen. - She gotta go. - Worry about your man ----in' animals, bitch! - Fast forwarding it to ups and down. This is the part that y'all don't know. - Just a few hours ago. - This morning-- - Oh, my God, what? - Cynthia and I went to breakfast with Yovanna and-- - What? - Today? - Yes. - I had a conversation with NeNe, and I might have implied that I had proof of what you said about her, knowing that I did not, out of frustration. - I guess after she talked to Cynthia and I, of course, she went and called NeNe. NeNe wanted to get it straight face-to-face. - Alrighty, this will be the final destination. - I think NeNe is a little thrown off by the fact that she said she was lyin', too. ♪♪♪ - Hello. - I said that to her. I said, "I-I really have a problem with this "because I actually liked you." - Yeah. - Wait, I heard somebody. - "And I really was hoping that you were just gonna come here "and let us know that-- "somethin' other than what you said." - Hi. Food, food, food, food, food, food, food. - Hey, everybody. - I'm hoping that the drama stays in Toronto and not come to my house, for sure. - Well, you look cute, though. - Yeah. Yes. - Yes. - Hi, lady. - How you doin'? - Hi. - Hi, mama. - I think this will be a much better opportunity for Yovanna to try and clear her name. I'm hoping that some of the girls are willing to hear her out and talk through it with her now that we're in a safe haven. - Hi! This is a quiet game night. - Girl! - Muah. - What's up? - Oh, my gosh, what is Yovanna doing here with all this Versace on? No, girl. Why? You just want more lashings? Or maybe she wants us to cut her head off like you do a real snake. - Hi. - Hey. - Hi. - Hello. - What's up? - Hi, everybody. Hey. So, what's going on, y'all? - Well, today has been a interesting day. It has. - Why y'all day been interesting? Y'all in here quiet. Don't say anything. - Apparently, there was a-a-a breakfast, or a lunch, or a brunch that happened today. - That happened today but that's where we left off at. - We were gonna wait until you got here, so you can catch the tea. Hope you got your mug. - Girl. - What was revealed to me today, and Kandi, was that Yovanna pretty much made it up. There was no-- - Made it-- made it up? - There is no-- there is no recording. - Yeah. - There is no recording. - So, what you're saying is, she admitted to telling basically a lie about an audio existing because she was pissed at you from the Bailey-que. - Correct. - I didn't seek you out to sit around and have drinks with you and talk sh-- about NeNe, to even get with you about any situation. - I didn't-- I didn't-- I didn't say that's what it was. That's not what I said. - Okay. So-so, please don't make it seem like I went and found you under a rock, honey, 'cause that was notthe case. - And she's saying that she never said, "audio," so you want me to believe that NeNe just made it up out of the blue. - Right, right. - I tried to talk to you guys in Canada, but you guys verbally attacked me and almost physically attacked me, so I never got to finish what I was trying to say. - Well, you called us all a lot of foo-foo bitches that wasn't real friends. - But I was trying to come clean in Canada to you, and I said that to you and Kandi earlier today. - But why would you make somethin' like that? - I just said-- I just said I told them, and I-and I was apologetic to them. It was a big misunderstanding. It was taken way out of proportion. - This is kinda cuckoo, right now. - I gotta ask. I really gotta ask. NeNe? - Hmm? - When we had the discussion, you said there was a recording or audio, and even when we had our group discussion-- - Mm-hmm. - You gave us the definition of audio versus recording. - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. - She never said, "audio," or, "recording," to you? - Audio. - My exact words-- my exact words to NeNe was-- - Mm-hmm. - Um, and I insinuated I may have proof of our conversation. - Did she tell you that it was an audio recording? - Yes. - The word "audio." - Did she say she recorded her, or how did she say it happened? - No, she did not record her. - So, is there a audio or not? - Cynthia, I've told you no. No. - Okay, it doesn't exist. Okay. All right. Girl, what the are you doing? Why the you saying that? That doesn't make sense. If Yovanna wants to sit right here and lie for the rest of the time, she can sit right here and lie for the rest of the time. As long as Yovanna apologizes to me, I don't give a what she does with the rest of these girls. - What did she tell you? Please tell it 'cause you ain't sayin' nothin', and I need clarity. I need you to just tell us your thoughts and views. - Yeah. - Now, we need to know. - Listen, I-- this much you know. I-I never looked at you and lied. That's all I can tell you. - Sh--, the bus is already runnin' over her. - You thought it to be true. - You know I didn't lie to you, okay? - And, right, and we might as well just clear the sh-- up properly. - Right. You sacrificed your friend who cares for a broken relationship with her true friend over here. So, like, was that never a thought that you could be hurting NeNe in this process? - From the moment Kandi brought that situation back to me, it just fueled the fire. Like, anything, any riff I had already had with my old friend here, it just really made the situation a lot worse. - And then you sat around a room and called us all foo-foo bitches and called us fake friends in a fake friendship. - Yes. - The reason-- the reason I said that-- - And all of these horrible things about-- and you did it real calm, too, which was weird. - Is because you guys were hitting below the belt, and then you were able to be friends again just like that. And you see how you guys are comin' at me, right? - You ain't gotta worry about it no more. You ain't gotta worry about it no more because any conversation I have regarding NeNe, Linnethia Leakes, I will direct it straight to her. - Oh, thank you, Jesus. - We will talk in our own time. - Yes. - And is this game night, um, or bullsh-- night? - It was my intention. - Oh! - Is it game night? What we doin'? - We're gonna eat all this food, all this drink. - Well, y'all are gonna be eatin' while I'm gone. Y'all got some more ice? - 'Cause I gotta go. - Tucker residence. - Uh-uh.-See? Porsha answering the phone, now. - Hit nine, please. - Okay, yes, please. I'm thankful to be here. - Oh, you haven't been here in a long time. - I have not. - Were you offended, Porsha? - I'm here. I made it back. - It had slipped my mind in all of this. - 'Cause we're besties again, bitch. That's hilarious. - For more information on "The Real Housewives," 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 