The Real Housewives of Atlanta: Season 11, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 s11e7 - Sisterhood of the Traveling Peaches - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta (2008–…): Season 11, Episode 7 - Sisterhood of the Traveling Peaches - full transcript 
 A newly pregnant Porsha works at Dennis' restaurant to win over his mother's approval. The men bail on NeNe and Gregg's couples trip. The women board a bus to Destin, Florida, and play a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ ♪ - girl, you have-- - what you doin'? - You have to remind me to get, like, a actual doormat for people to dry their feet 'cause everybody is about to track rain all through my guest house. - What do you think? Yes. - This looks good. - You like my spread? What do you think? - I do appreciate your help. It's not my trip, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but it wouldn't make sense for us to all drive north to go to nene's house, so I'm just like, hey, everybody just meet at my house. I'm happy to travel 20 feet from my main house to my guest house. Um-- - you all packed and everything? - Yeah, no. - Um-- - do you mind lettin' the girls in for me if I'm not finished? - No, I don't mind. Yeah. - Give me kisses. - You gotta get ready. - Muah. ♪ - I'm gonna miss you. You gonna miss me? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Of course I'm gonna miss you. - A lot of the guys have dropped out of the trip. Gregg doesn't wanna be the only guy with a whole bunch of girls. He was hoping for a couples trip. You disappointed? - Yeah, I think it sucks. Got hit by the trip snatchers. - It's a-- - who's gonna take care of me? - I don't know who's take care of you. Stop playin'. So, gregg feels like, at this time, we should just go ahead and make it a girls trip. You know you can take care of yourself. - You know I need-- I need some attention. - You all right, honey. ♪ - I feel great, right now. I'm ready to play, again. - No. [laughing] ♪ no stress. So, if anybody, you know, tries to come for me, I'll be calm. Nobody should pressure me. I should be straight. Right now, I don't plan on telling anybody about the baby. So, the only thing I'm really nervous about this trip, little things like not being able to drink in front of them and, like, being tired or being moody. Stuff like that are sure signs that will tell all these mothers that I'm a mother-to-be. - Have fun. Love you. - Muah. Love you, too, baby. - Chuga-chuga-choo-choo- choo-choo. [sighs] choo-choo. - Hi. - Hello, there. How are you? - I'm good. How are you? - I'm good. - Oh, hey, cutie. - Say hi. - How are you? Mmm. How you doin'? Look at you lookin' like your daddy. You want some fruit? What you want? Watermelon? Pineapple? Oh, okay, 'cause I just had to make sure you weren't just telling me yes. Being able to be around little ace is just so special. Maybe, like, two bites, and then you can finish the train ride? Yeah. Like, come on, kandi. Let's just, girl, let's just be friends, so I can, like, babysit ace. - This is a miracle, right here. I think it's you. - Oh, really? - That he actually sat and down-- yes. - You being a big boy for me? - Yes. - 'cause we're eatin' our watermelon together like a big boy. ♪ [chuckles] - I totally wanted my husband to come with me because I am so new to this group, and, you know, they've been throwing a whole lotta craziness my way. I really don't know what to expect on this trip without my baby. - Love you. - Love you. Muah. - Muah. I'm gonna call you. - I'll miss you. Yeah, all right. - I'll miss you, too. - Okay. - Kiss the boys for me. - I sure will. - Hi. - I got you. How are you? - Hi, how you doin', babe? Muah. - Mm-hmm. Where they at? In the back? - They are heavy, ronnie. Like, you're not gonna be my friend anymore. - Hi, mama. - I know. Hi. I had to borrow your husband, honey. [laughing] - it's okay. How are you? - [indistinct]. A little small or somethin', so I was like, well, he's strong, though. He worked it out. Good to see you. - Good to see you, too. - Hi. - Hi, ace. - Did y'all ride together? - Uh-uh. - No, we just pulled together at the same time. - Hi, boo-boo. ♪ - mimosas? - If you ready to get it poppin'. - Knock-knock. Good morning, ladies. - Hi. - Good morning. - Oh, hi. - What are we doing? Cocktails? Warming up? - She just said she was about to make some, um, mimosas. - Mimosas. Are you gonna have some? - No, you know, I'm on a alcohol cleanse. [gasps] - for the whole weekend? - Right now? - Yes. - Honey, tell 'em to put it my glass then. - I'm two weeks-- I'm two weeks clean of alcohol. - How about this? The fair compromise is, we drink alcohol. - One drink-- you drink one drink. - But we get up in the mornings and work out. - Oh, hell no, I don't work out on a vacation. I don't know how much longer this alcohol cleanse excuse is gonna keep goin'. I mean, tanya bought it, but some of these other girls who really know me, they're not gonna believe that I'm down in destin not havin' a cocktail. ♪ - good. How you doin' today? - Doin' pretty good. - The girls don't really know, but I am beyond tired. I actually got back from miami. My girls and I had an impromptu bachelorette, so I hope this destin trip is chill, 'cause right now, I just need chill. Hello, ladies. - Hi. - Hello. - Look at you. - We should be having a good time. - Yeah. - While we're away from our men 'cause two of us are newly-- - I am excited about being away. - Two of us are basically newlyweds. - You are? - I am. - You said two of us is newlyweds. - When y'all gettin' married? - We're gettin' married on October 7th. - October 7th? - Yes, ma'am. I gotta add you to the, um, to the invite list. Y'all are new. - Okay, I was like, that's right around the corner. - Hold on, now. Do you have me down for a plus one because when you initially invited me, I didn't have a significant other? - You bringing michael? Are you bringing michael? I know. You didn't have a plus one then either. - But now he is quite significant. We might be getting married wit' y'all by the time-- [cheering] - mazel. ♪ - hi. Hi, ace. - Marlo! ♪ - the rain will hide my tears from you leavin' me. - Oh, please. - 'cause I don't want my boo leavin'. [laughing] don't leave me, boo. - Hi, miss tucker! I finally made it to the tuckers. - You know what I noticed today? - What? - And I never noticed. I don't have any doormats, none. [laughing] - you don't? Oh, sh--, I didn't know. - Marlo, you didn't even shade her. That ain't right. - There are certain things in your home I didn't like. I felt your doormat should have been larger. Home sweet home. This mat is really small. Maybe she doesn't know any better. I'm making a point. - That's nice. That didn't hurt my feelings at all. - Well, no, but she said-- - hello! - Oh, lord! [clapping] - lord have mercy! [cheering] - hi. - Hi. Muah. - Muah. Hi, shamari. - How are you? Muah. - Muah. - I love gregg, and I know he probably could have used this trip, you know, as another relaxation time, but maybe he'll still get a little rest, you know, with nene bein' with us. - Okay, I need everybody's attentions while I got you ladies. I want you guys to have an incredible time. I want you to bond. It takes a lot of pieces of lumber to build a bridge. Yet, no piece of lumber is more important than the other. - Amen. - You see? I want most of all for you to come back and to know something new and different about each other that you don't know. - A lot of them have two faces, so that'll be easy. - Well, get somethin' from each face. [laughing] - double the learning. - Safe trip, everybody. [cheers and applause] - coming up next... - Porsha, has dennis ever dated anybody on this bus? ♪ miss bailey. - Follow the model, eva. - Whoo! - Yes, honey. - What? Where am I supposed to sit? - Kandi, you always get the best room, child, so you get the worst seat. Now, go on. - Man, shut up, cheekbones. Shut up. [laughing] ♪ how long did you say this ride was gonna be? - Five hours. - Five hours. - This five-hour ride is about to turn into ten hours with this rain. - Yes. - I'm going to sleep, too. I'm not talkin' to y'all today. ♪ - okay, where is the radio? - Y'all need a moment of silence. - Uh-uh. - Let's do karaoke. - I have a whole situation for the freakin'... Rooms, okay? I'm just trying to let everybody know that I have a very fair way of giving out the rooms. So, I'm gonna pass this jar around. Wait, what the hell, long arms? [laughing] stretch-- stretch armstrong. All you have to do, is pass the jar around, miss bailey, and everybody pick a paper. This is round one. Round two will be given once we arrive at our destination. - I got a damn number. - I don't like this. - Don't worry about it. Okay, so, you see your number. Keep that with you. I'll see you at the house. ♪ I gotta call up my husband and check on him. ♪ - I think we would play some games to make the time pass. - How about we play truth or dare? ♪ truth or dare ♪ - how about this? Write a dare. If you pick truth, the person to the right of you will ask you your truth question. If you chose dare, you gotta pick out the bowl and pick a dare. - Oh, it's about to get lowdown nasty, honey. Filthy up in this truck, right now. - Shamari, it's on you. [laughing] what does it say? - Let the lady next to you suck your first two fingers. It's either eva or marlo. [laughter] - girl, you're gonna get your damn fingers off my damn face. - All right, come on. - Get to suckin'. - One, two, three. Five, four, three, two, one. [screaming] ♪ - you got a nice little tongue on you, girl. Let me find out. [cheering] I got a little tingling feeling in my vajay-jay when you did that. - Ugh. Well, they taste like hand sanitizer. So, it wasn't horrible, but it was disgusting all at the same time. - Eva's going next. [indistinct chatter] - y'all are petty. - What is it? - What is it? - I don't wanna go. Didn't some-- - how you gonna give back this-- - call your boo and talk dirty to him on speakerphone... In front of 'em. - Yes! - Y'all are so stupid. - Do you want me to tell you what to say? - Hey, baby, how you doin'? Well, you know, I'm gone on this girls trip, so I won't see you for the next couple of days. And, you know, make sure that thing is waiting for me. I will be home very soon. - Nastier. - How do I get nastier? - I wanna suck your ---. - Now, if he was supposed to get a hard on, I know he had a flat tire. That sh-- did not work, honey. - Well, when I do get home, I would like to, um, um, a-a smother type of night. You know, with me more so on top on your, you know, facial regions. - Facial regions? - And that's all we got. [booing] - eva, your phone sex is so bad, even I'm dry. - Facial regions? - Hey, you know what? I need kandi to call todd. - And I'm pregnant. Check that. [chuckles] that's a pregnancy joke. We're always, like, juicy. - Yeah, let's see what that say. - Another call? - What that say? - Dare you to call your boo on facetime and show him your boobs in front of us. [screaming] - you got new titties. New titties. - Yeah, but I ain't showin' no damn nipples, so you can forget that. - We'll give you an alternate to that. Call him and talk dirty. How about that? - I wanna see boobs. - Shh-shh-shh. Shh-shh-shh. - Hey, babe. I got a little break, so I was thinkin' about you, and just missing you. You know what I was thinking about. I was thinking about how you eating from the back sometimes. You know I love that sh--. - Oh, man. [laughter] [laughter] - no. Oh, my god, babe, you're supposed to play along. You know he overthinks everything. Hey, babe, I love you. - Kandi is drunk, baby. - Todd, you're like eva. You all are [indistinct]. - Porsha, it's your turn. - Oh, lord, um-- - which one? Truth or dare? - I shall be going with truth. - All right. Well, nene-- - yes. - Ask porsha a truth question. - A truth. - 'cause you know her. - A good shady truth question. - Oh, no, why mine gotta be good and shady? - 'cause everybody's is. - Porsha, has dennis ever dated anybody on this bus, or anybody that knows anybody on this bus? Did I ask a question that I probably already know the answer to? Absolutely. - Kandi mentioned that he mighta known somebody that-- she might know somebody that he did date. - You know somebody he dated? - Do I think there's more tea to be spilled? Absolutely. - Somebody said they dated him recently, yes, but-- - recently, like when? ♪ - coming up next... - Eva, how was your bachelorette party? - It was so bomb. It was a surprise. - But I was invited, like, a while ago. - How is it a surprise if you invited porsha? One pop and you're in love. ♪ - you know somebody he dated? With delicious lay's poppables. - Somebody said they dated him recently, yes, but-- - recently, like when? - Come on, kandi. You ain't never shy. Now, what's the tea? In the last six months? - Yeah. - How long were they in a relationship for? - Well, I guess she just found out he was dating somebody else... A month and a half ago. She said she dated him on and off for a long time. I don't know. - First of all, we've been in a strict monogamous relationship. - I didn't know if it was necessarily that deep. - I just feel like kandi was just waiting on any opportunity to release all of the tea that she wanted to release. - I did tell you I thought that it was weird with the tattoos of multiple people. I did tell you that! - No, her name is spelled completely different. No-no-no, he told me about-- - well, like, on and off. Like, you know what I'm sayin'? Like, but we got, like, really serious. - Uh, yeah, girl. What you talkin' about, willis? I saw you out with another guy at the party, and with his hand on her ass, and kissin'. Yeah. [laughing] - when you're introducing your man to your friends, you don't say everything at one time. - Right. - Like, so, if y'all ask me, how long y'all been together? I'm gonna say, six months. I'm not gonna say, well, you know, there were, like, three months where I was still dating other people. First of all, we've been in a strict monogamous relationship. - Oh, oh, well, yeah, you know, you weren't together. [laughing] now, oh, we were both dating other people. - So, I'm cool with this conversation, and I'm cool with explaining, you know, where I am because who cares. ♪ - ladies, welcome to destin! [cheering] thank you so much. Whew. Come on out, ladies. Okay, so, here's how the room is gonna go. First of all, just walk in the house, look at all the rooms, and meet me in the kitchen. - Okay. - Love you. - Oh, this is so much better than the last one. - This is the bar area. - I like this, right next to the washing machine. - Come on up, you guys. - Come on, climb. - Welcome to floor two. This is the main social level. - Oh, this is gorgeous. - This is beautiful. - This house is totally dope. I don't mind these accommodations. I could definitely get used to this. - This is our chef for the evening. - Hello. - Hi. - Walk into all of the rooms. Take a look around. - This room is very boring. Looks like eva. - You wish your beauty was this effortless, honey. - I like this room. - You guys come look around. - Oh, perfect! - Eva down there trying to close doors, so can't anybody see it. - Look at the pool, you guys. - Oh, our own pool? - This is nice. I think it's a beautiful house. Honestly, all the rooms are pretty great. I mean, except the one with the bunkbed. - All right. - What is goin' on, now? - Okay, so-- - I feel like I'm about to win something. - This is how it's gonna go. The numbers that you have is the order in which you will pull out of this jar. [collective] - oh. - Okay, but there is more to it than that. Okay, the person that chose number one was eva. Who has number two? - I have number two. - Number three. - You ain't number three, heifer. - Who has number three? - Right here. [laughter] - [indistinct]. - Porsha like, "hell no". Come on, now. In the past, there has been total chaos over these room. People are arguing over them. Kandi running and gettin' the best room. - This is kandi's room. I claim this room. ♪ I'm not movin' ♪ ♪ I'm not movin' I'm not movin' ♪ - I want it to be fair. So, having this jar, and everybody be able to pick from the jar, is just simply fair. 'cause I am nene "fair" leakes. Okay, open up your papers and look at the names on them. This is how it works. The person name that you're holding... You're going to tell them what room they're staying in. The room that's mine is the one upstairs that has a poster bed. I believe that the host should always have a great room. You're hosting a bunch of bitches, so you need to have your room to lay your wig down when it's all over at the end of the day. Eva, whose name did you have? - Shamari. - Tell shamari where her room is. - That first room. - Okay, who drew number two? - I have it. I have it. I have porsha's name. - Tell porsha which room is hers. ♪ tell me girl ♪ - I'm going to give porsha the room across from you. [sighs] - okay, okay, okay. - Who chose number three? - I am number three. The name I have is cynthia bailey, honey, and I would like to give miss queen cynthia the room on the end with the balcony. There you go. Boom! [laughing] - if the last person to pick a room for me has the last number... - Who has number four? - I have eva. It's upstairs and to the right. - I mean, clearly, I got the bunkbeds. I give up. [laughing] we already know I got the worst one. - Marlo, who name do you have? - Tanya. - Will you tell tanya where she will be staying? - Marlo? - The bunkbeds. [laughter] - thank you, marlo. - Who has number six? - I have number six. And I have kandi. - Okay, so, tell kandi where she'll be living in. - And the room that kandi will be staying in is... On this floor. - The room I got is the room I wanted. Ha, I win. - So, number seven. - Marlo gets that one, on that side, on this floor. - It's the only one left. - There you are, marlo. - No character. Looks like eva. - Oh, my god. - I'm not exactly sure why marlo thinks it's okay to try me, but, boo-boo, I'm not a free sample. This ain't costco. - Okay, then, so, you have a fabulous chef who is going to cook beautiful dinners. So, you guys have ten minutes to get your luggage in your room and come back here. ♪ - what's the weight? 'cause I'm kinda heavy myself? - Shut up. You're fine. - This is the room that I wanted when I got here. - Yeah, this is nicer than mine. - At least you didn't end up with the bunkbed room. - Am I a top or bottom in the bunk? - All right. Look at this table. - Hi, girls. Eat as you are. Drink as you are. Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy. Marlo, you want chicken? Marlo, do you want chicken? - I want everything. ♪ - cheers, guys. [collective] - cheers! - Girls weekend. - Cheers. Ooh, ooh! - Thank you, nene, for arranging this. This is really wonderful. - Speaking of girls trips, eva, how was your bachelorette party? I was scrolling on instagram, and I noticed that eva had a bachelorette party in miami, and she didn't invite any of us. - It was so bomb. It was a surprise, like, girls trip kinda. - But I was invited, like, a while ago. - Wait, I'm confused. How is it a surprise if you invited porsha? ♪ - because I had 12 friends end up comin' to miami, which was not the original plan. - Oh, so, you didn't know anyone was coming. - Not all the people that came, no. - Oh, okay. - So, she knew people were coming, not all. - She knew people were coming, clearly. - Well, I'm not sure eva know what a surprise is, because if you're havin' a damn surprise, it's, "surprise!" you don't know the sh-- is happenin'. - Was it a surprise, or was it not a surprise? - For me, it was. - Well, no, I didn't think it was, like, a secret until I was like, wait, you were invited. Why was nene not invited? Going even further, you didn't even invite nene, who you asked to speak at your wedding? - Nene, do you feel like that's weird? - Um... - Well... Comin' up next... - Is there anything else that needs to be cleared on this big-ass table? Are we good? - No. - So, you didn't know anyone was coming. - Not all the people that came, no. - Why was nene not invited? - Nene, do you feel like that's weird? - Um... - Well... - Am I in the hot seat? - No, you're not in the hot seat. - No, why would you be-- we're just having a conversation. - It just seemed weird that porsha would be invited and nene not invited. - I didn't purposely not invite nene. Nene has 7,000 things going on. And coming to the strip club for a day in miami is not one I thought it was that big of a deal. - It would have only taken eva, like, ten seconds to just send a text and say, "hey, you're speaking in my wedding. "we're gonna be in miami. Come." and I think nene actually would have gone to eva's bachelorette party. - Your girl you've known forever didn't get invited. "my girl I've known forever." that's the part I have the situation with. That's the part, right there. That part, right there. - When you speak about her, it's like, oh, you know, it's like, you always get this advice from her, and she's like a big sister to you and all this stuff. So it implies that you guys are, like, super close, and you guys do talk all the time. - Wait, they don't talk all the time. - You guys don't talk all the time? - Well, when you say, like a sister, I don't know. It just, to me, it implies that you guys are super close. I think it's kind of weird that eva keeps saying that they're so close, and there's this relationship and this big friendship, and she looks at her like a sister. - Nene, essentially, is kinda like that big sister I always wanted. You know, she's a big sister to me. You know, nene is like big sis. - Wait, now hold on one second. This damn big sister thing is gettin' a little bit uncomfortable, too, 'cause y'all bitches are very close to my age. - I mean, I don't have any sisters biologically that I know. So, for me, women in my life and in my circle is a blessing. I don't know why I'm gettin' choked up. - [indistinct]. - No, no, no. I don't have to be best friends with nene for me to have a level of respect for her. I'm inspired by nene, and I have seen who nene has become. I've seen her successes, and I support her. And so, because I don't talk to her every day like you do, that's fine. Or every day like marlo does. That's fine. But that doesn't change the way I feel about her. I'm sorry. What's the problem? I am not trying to have the friendship or relationship that cynthia nor marlo has with nene. I got what I got. I'm fine with it. I call her sis, and I call maxine walters auntie max. - You know, I think marlo and cynthia's probably biggest issue was, well, how do you be in somebody's wedding, and they don't invite you to the bachelorette's weekend? Even if you thought a person was busy, you still extend the invite. Okay, whether they're busy or not. I don't know if I would have gone to eva's bachelorette party, but an invite would have been ----ing nice. I mean, she did ask me to speak at her wedding. So it seems to me it would make more sense if she had just said, "hey, girl, do you wanna come to florida?" and I probably would say, "hey, girl, no." - I never anticipated it bein' a thing. A thing like, oh, I'm inviting this person and not inviting this person. If I plan a big bachelorette weekend, I would invite not just nene, but all of you guys. - Um, is there anything else that needs to be cleared on this big-ass table? Are we good? - No. My husband and I just had pillow talk, and he was just like, you know-- - I love pillow talk. That's my game. - "is everything okay with you and porsha? "you know, like, are y'all good?" you came in and your friend, darius... He came in. [collective] - dennis. - Oh, what-- who did I say? - You said darius. - I'm sorry. - I didn't introduce you, so you may not know his name. - And that's what I'm saying. You came in and gave, you know, hugs to everybody on the opposite side of the table. But then you didn't come over. - I didn't. I didn't that day. - Right. - I just was not feeling you that day because-- - ooh! - I was not feeling you because I had heard that you said, "she shaded my outfit at the thing "because she said bitch stole"-- - yes, at the bailey-que-- at the bailey-que, like-- - I know, bitch stole my look. You were like, "oh, she stole my outfit." - yeah, the bitch stole my look situation. - Shamari, were you even playing the same game as me? If I wanted to shade you, honey, you would know. Hold on, we have a bitch stole my look moment here with kandi and shamari. - Oh! - Is it do or don't with the red shoes with the outfit, or the silver shoes with the outfit? Both y'all had on red shirt and white pants. So I was like, let's do bitch stole my look. - You was like I need the makeover, but, really, I know-- - I didn't say the word "makeover". - So, you didn't say I needed a makeover? - No. - I did not. No-no-no. No-no, no-no. Who needs a makeover the most in the room? - The person with the peach either answers the question, or passes the peach to the person that they think the question is about. - So, following the rules, no shade, I'm gonna pass the peach. - Wait, wait, wait, wait. - You said you didn't say that, but you did say it. Everybody else remember you saying that. Am I trippin'? Shamari only remembers the things that porsha said for some reason. But I remember eva shaded the hell outta you. - I just remember the last person that was left talking was you. And you were the one-- - well, you had to learn where your, um, shade originates from. You be forgetting your shade, eva. I mean, you are a shady-- you shady as hell, and you be forgettin' your shade. That's what eva does best. She just, "did I do that? "did I shade? "I'm not a shader. "I'm a sunflower outside in the sun." - well, it was not intended for shade, honey, 'cause I don't care what you wear. - Well, that's the best shade, honey. [laughing] you're like, "I didn't even know I shaded you, girl." - it may have taken me a little bit to realize eva's non-shade shade throwing. Had I known that she was sayin' I need a makeover, I would've shoved that peach right back in her face with her hippy rags and poncho. At the end of the day, I know that I'm fabulous, and I'm sexy. - I do feel you're beautiful. You're gorgeous. You can't get ugly nowhere. The fashion we can help a little bit with it. And, I mean, not being funny. I-I will have a field day with you, 'cause we can do-- - the fashion? Sorry, marlo. I don't take advice from a woman that dresses like she's the main character in "pirate of caribbeans." - okay. All right, you guys. I think that when you have girlfriends, you have to try and talk through situations. I mean, sometimes they're uncomfortable. I mean, I've been in a seat hotter than these candles, you know, many times. So, it's just burn, baby, burn. - Love you, guys. - Dinner was delicious! - Thank you. - Decatur? - We good, baby. We good. I'm just so-I'm just so happy that, you know, we talked. - Yay. - For a minute there, girl, I thought shamari was trying to give you that decatur bullsh--. [laughter] - next time, on "the real housewives of atlanta"... - This is fashion. You're not trying to do what's safe. - I don't need to be updated. - Updated, you do. - So, I came up with this great game that we're both going to host. "bitch stole my talent". Hit it! ♪ ♪ I'm free ♪ ♪ ahh ♪ - let me see you do this, darling. - I was a a-list when you was a alias. - Girl, that was back then. What are you now? - Whatever, bitch. - Say it one more time. - Bitch. - Your mama the bitch. - For more information on "the real housewives of atlanta," - Previously, on "the real housewives of atlanta"... I'm pregnant. [laughing] - yo. - What are we doing? Cocktails? - You know, I'm on a alcohol cleanse. [gasps] I'm two weeks clean of alcohol. ♪ - ladies, welcome to destin! [cheering] - at the bailey-que, you was like I need the makeover. - I didn't say the word "makeover." - I do feel the fashion, we could help a little bit with. - Eva, how was your bachelorette party? - It was a surprise. - But I was invited. - Wait. I'm confused. How is it a surprise if you invited porsha? - Because I had 12 friends end up coming to miami, which was not the original plan. - Why was nene not invited? You didn't even invite nene, who you asked to speak at your wedding? - How do you be in somebody's wedding, and they don't invite you to the bachelorette's weekend? ♪ - I am the glue for my wig and my family. - I age like a fine wine, and now I am ready to chill. - I count my blessings and my checks. - I live a model life. Now, I'm ready to be a top wife. - I may be an open book, but that doesn't mean I'm easily read. - I took a lotta left turns, but now, things are just right. ♪ ♪ [thunder rumbling] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 