The Real Housewives of Atlanta: Season 12, Episode 24 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 s12e24 - Reunion Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta (2008–…): Season 12, Episode 24 - Reunion Part 1 - full transcript 
 After a tumultuous year, Kenya reveals where her relationship with Marc currently stands. Things heat up when Nene and Eva go head-to-head surrounding the intention behind Nene's apology ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪♪ - The Atlanta Housewives are known for epic reunions. - We see each other. - We see each oth-a. - Yeah, you wanna hit me? - I will you up! I will you up! - Just breathe. Just breathe. - I can't talk about my mom. - You said that? Ugh! - Oh, my God! - I gotta get away from y'all. - But, with everything going on in the world, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 this year, things are different. - Who woulda ever thought we'd be doing this from home? ♪♪♪ - Morning-morning. House is still asleep, so, shh. This is where the magic will happen. I feel like the girls are here, but they're not. ♪♪♪ - Rise and shine. - Today, I have to be recording all day, so you can't be downstairs with mommy. - Okay. - Come here. Give me hugs. Your hugs is gonna give me what I need 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to make it through the day. ♪♪♪ - Hey, baby, good morning. - Hey, good morning. - Hi. - Miss Sunshine. - Sunshine-- I need all the sunshine I can get before the shade starts. - Oh, my goodness. - Might be a shade storm. - Father, be with me, God. Do not let any of your other children stress me out, Lord, in the Hamptons. Give me nothin' but good spirits. - Somebody about to get read. I don't know who. Here I am. - Down, down. Ut-oh. Up, up. - Okay, let's go. - Testing, testing. - Can you hear me? - The ladies look great, and we are ready to go. ♪♪♪ - Hey, everybody, it's Andy Cohen. Welcome to "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" Reunion. We're doing things virtually this year. You ladies have always been trailblazers. - Thank you. - And you are trailblazing your way into our first virtual "Real Housewives of Atlanta" reunion. This is not how we would have preferred to do things, but life is not as we prefer it now. - Mm-hmm. - And if this isn't the most jacked up version of "The Brady Bunch" I've ever seen... The shady bunch-- we are the shady bunch, officially. - Yes, yes. - NeNe, you look beautiful tonight. - Thank you. Hi. How are you? - How's the new single? - It's been doing really, really well. ♪ Get money in the land of milk and honey ♪ ♪ if you married keep your legs closed ♪ Better than most. - Hey, Kenya, welcome back to the reunion stage. - Yes. - You look like a goddess tonight. - Oh, thank you. Well, you know I like to look extra pretty when I'm gonna read a bitch. - We're excited, honey. We're excited about it. - How are you and Brooklyn holding up, and is Marc around, too? - We're doing amazing, and Marc is-- he's having a tough time. He's in New York. He's feeding hospitals. - That's great to hear that he's helping out. Well, hello, Cynthia, goddess of cheekbones. - Hi, Andy. - You're chilling out in L.A. with Mike Hill. Has the coronavirus put a hold on your wedding plans? - I'm not really sure. For right now, we still are scheduled for 10-10-20. I'm remaining optimistic. - Right. Hello, mama queen Porsha. You love wearing a crown to a reunion. - Oh, why, yes, I do, honey. I am the goddess of love. Okay. Kenya, how does her crown compare with your Miss USA crown? - I guess if you can't earn one, you buy it. - Oh! - It's cute, though. You tried it. Well, it's not dusty. I'll tell you that. Wow. Hello, Kandi. How ya doin'? - Hey, Andy, how are you? - I'm good. How's baby Blaze holdin' up? - She's amazing. She just turned five months. - Aww. - And she's just so cute and chunky. - That's great. Hey, Eva, are you fully settled into your dream house? - Uh, we're getting there. We're getting there. - How's baby Maverick doin'? - Oh, my God, he's in the 97th percentile for everything. - Wow. So, I heard you all were doing your own hair and makeup for the reunion, but I saw some people running around with masks and gloves earlier. Who actually did do their own glam today? - Half-half full. - I did. I did my hair. I did my makeup. - I did my hair, and then someone else did my makeup. - Well, you all look gorgeous. - Thanks. - All right. NeNe, this season, you said that Cynthia had another side to her, but it seemed like, in fact, you all did because when buttons were pressed, your alter egos came out. Let's watch. - Ut-oh. - We're gonna have positive energy. - I know, my spiritual advisor has been came to me and told me, honey, to let it all go. - Let it go. - And I am now moving in the hands of the Lord. Younger NeNe, well NayNay, she was never afraid of an argument. Okay. But today, I just want a little bit more peace in my life. All we really do. - NeNe makes me laugh more than anyone. - Good morning! - Come on. - When she's not trying to chop my head off. - Bitch. - All right. - You just called me a bitch. - What you doin' about it? - Hey, whoa! - I'll spit in your mother----in' face. - Okay. - Okay, now you're doin' the most. - Okay, assault me with-- - Oh, wait, look at this blonde wig that done walked up in here. - Just like there is a NayNay... - There is Cynthia Bailey. Then there's 50 Cynt. - And you take me serious. - Oh, we're gonna have this mother----in' conversation tonight. I don't know who the you're gonna be talkin' to - like that. - you. You talked about-- me? - Who in the hell is this woman? - This is the 50 Cynt that I know. You are just now gettin' to see her. That's who she is. - That was definitely not what I said. - So, Kandi's a liar. - I'm really not. - I did not say anything about forwarding a blog. Oh, my God, to my non-surprise, it's Salt Bae. - Somebody that y'all have as a mutual friend recorded you in a conversation. She was just sayin' little stuff like, "She all up in my business. "Maybe I should forward her some of these blogs "about Dennis." Kenya Moore Haircare! - What the hell is this? - Kenya plays all kinds of games. - So, I want you guys both there. Um, Ken agrees. - I agree. - Wait, who is Ken? - Ken-Ken, let's reign it in. - Ken! Ken! - Uh-uh. - He'd say, "Ken." She'd be like, "ooh." - She ain't herself in the front of him. I love it when she's Ken 'cause Ken shuts the up. That was cute. - Michelle from Chicago said, "Cynthia, "when you became 50 Cynt, it was cute, "but how many cynts are you gonna add to your name "before you retire it?" - Well, I tried to keep it going, but there was somethin' about just bein' 50 Cynt that just was better than bein' 53 Cynt. So, I think I'm just gonna stop it at 53 Cynt. - Patrice from Los Angeles said, "Cynthia, "NeNe has been saying that you have another side to you. "What makes you flip?" - Well, NeNe's right. There is Cynthia, and there is 50 Cynt. The thing that I find amusing is, one minute, I'm being called a punk, and the next minute, I'm some horrible person. So, I'm just trying to figure what is it. Am I a punk, or am I 50 Cynt? - I don't even think, Cyn, that you have another personality-- it's calling you a punk. - Well, NeNe, you're the one that called her a punk, right? - Yes. - Correct. - Everyone on this show knows that I'm not a punk. - Oh, yes. - I know she's not a punk. - When you back me in a corner, I'm gonna give you what you get. - This year, we had a new alter ego introduced to us. Eva, why did you name Kandi "Salt Bae"? - The famous Salt Bae dabbles salt on top of everything. Just integrating, and I feel like Kandi throws salt in everything. Hmm, nah. Although, I can appreciate the nickname, I don't think I was bein' Salt Bae. I just was tellin' it like it was. - Yes, Kandi does give her input, sometime warranted, sometimes not warranted. However, we have to remember why she told me the tea about Eva. I was going on a whole rant about telling Marlo not to talk about Eva's finances and how broke she was. - Allegedly. Allegedly. 'Cause there's never been a receipt. - And Kandi and Marlo were like, "Wait a minute, bitch." And that's when Kandi, being such the gracious, beautiful person she is, put me up on game with Eva. - Not gracious, but beautiful. I got you. - Okay, let's talk about Ken. What did you think of-of their take on that? - I thought it was funny. You know, it's just something that only he says, so it's special to me. - NeNe, what did you think of Ken? - I actually like Ken. I think Ken is, uh, the better person. Yeah. - That was slightly a compliment. - Why is Ken the better person? Because Ken shuts the up. - Well, maybe NayNay should be more like Ken. She needs to learn how to shut the up. - NeNe is more like Ken. NayNay comin' to get in that ass. - Pick one of your multi personalities. - Yes, girl, and pick one of your many multi personalities, Ken. - Along with my many talents. - Good for you, bitch. - One minute in, and I've been called a bitch. Oh, we're ahead of schedule. - You will be called a bitch every time I see you, if you with me. NayNay always wins. She's been winnin' for years, honey. - Okay, girl. - Coming up... NeNe, you said about Kenya that you didn't use your own egg to have Brooklyn. - That is so becoming of a grandmother. - This ain't your fight. - Sweetheart, baby-- - We'll get to you. - We are back - We are back with the shady bunch. Well, Kenya, this season, we watched as you fought tirelessly for your family, but while you put on a brave face, your marriage was crumbling right before your eyes. Watch this. - Getting married was the most amazing time in my life, but some things are not exactly like you thought it would be. Who's number one, me or Brooklyn? - You're number one. - I'm supposed to be number one. - What? - Brooklyn is always a priority. Do I feel like I'm a priority? No. What? - That's what you're wearin'? - Yes, that's what I'm wearing. I'll be right back. - No, baby, no. - No? - I know that Kenya is upset. Maybe it's because she's just dealing with this man who doesn't even have enough respect to even acknowledge her. - Looking at where we are now, it's hurtful to see that, you know, we're not where we used to be. ♪♪♪ - Kenya and Marc is gettin' a divorce. Karma is a bitch. - In the first two months that we were married, I see these text messages. One of the women was begging him to keep the sex going even though that-that- that he was married. - Girl. - It's like he can't stop until he feels like he has just completely destroyed me. - Kenya, what's it like to relive that? - It's hard. I mean, to see that, it's-it's hard. - So, where is your relationship now? What has changed? - We are working on it. Um, we are in counseling, and, uh, Marc has made a complete 360. He just seems like he's fighting for his family, and that's all I ever wanted him to do. I had blocked him, and then he started to ask to speak with me and send me emails and just become more humble in the relationship, and he just basically said he really wants to work on it. - Um, I mean, he's in New York. Are you having virtual therapy during this whole thing? - Yeah, they have Zoom therapy now where you can do therapy virtually just like we're doing the reunion. - There is a part of me that thinks he saw what an asshole he was on the show and decided to change. - I think you can start to open your mind up to the possibility of, yeah, I was wrong, or that's not how I want to be perceived, and maybe that is partially why. - Well, Tammy from the DMV said, "Kenya, now that we know Marc was entertaining other women "at the start of your marriage, "how would you feel if Tanya brought that lady around "to confront you in front of the other ladies?" - I never said that he was entertaining-- cheating on me. That's a lie. - You said he was texting with another woman. - A woman texted him that he had dated, so it was an old girlfriend, or a girlfriend, or some random that he was, you know, um, with. She asked about him getting married because he didn't tell anyone he was getting married. So, when she found out, she was texting him saying, like, basically, "Can I be your ho?" To me, he didn't respond in a way that would've completely shut her down, and I was very upset about that. - Carmen from Denton, Texas, said, "Kenya, I understand you wanting a husband and family. "However, you don't have to allow a man "to chastise you like a child. "If he does this in public, how is it in private?" - If things happen, and I don't like it, I address it after the cameras stop rolling. - I view you as such a strong woman, and to see someone speaking to you this way, it was just sad for me. - When it comes to my family, when it comes to somebody I really care about and love, I'm not a fighter like that. I'm not going to be, you know, combative. When it comes to people I know that don't care about me, yeah, I'm gonna fight them all day long with everything that I have. from Chesapeake, Virginia said, "Kenya, "seeing how your marriage played out this season "and what fans are saying online about karma, "how do you feel about the statements you've made "about other people's marriages and husbands "over the years? "I'm talking about Phaedra, Kim Fields, "Kim Zolciak, and Porsha." - So, you would have to ask that fan what about the things that they said about me and my relationships and what-- - I've never spoken about your relationships. - You called me names. You said no man would ever have me. - You called me names, as well. - We don't have to revisit the past, but these are the things that everyone in this cast has done. - No, we definitely don't, but I just wanna-- I just wanna keep it clear. Let's just keep it clear. - So, we're just talking about people that talk about me and the things that I responded to. - Because I wasn't saying anything about your relationships. You always had somethin' to say about mine. You called my ex-husband-- I said I was his publicist. I was his beard. - Yeah, and you said it, too. You said when he gave you your dress back, it was like it was from one queen to another. You also alleged that he hit you, too, Porsha. So, stop it. - We're talkin' about you and what you have said about me. - No, but you've made this about you. - If you're gonna be honest, be honest, but don't play a victim. - No one is playing a victim-victim. - You're playing a victim to me to be the-the-the national victim of battered wives. - No, I'm speaking factual. - Don't go trying to make me look bad because you wanna play the victim. That's all. - I'm not trying to make you look bad. You've already made yourself look bad. - Okay, but if you're gonna be a changed person, you need to acknowledge your past. - You need to acknowledge your past. We're not talking about that. The question was not about that. - Accept your past. Accept your past. Accept your past, honey. - Let me get in here. - Come on, Andy. - NeNe mentioned karma as it related to Kenya and her past behavior. - There we go. - NeNe, what were you referring to? - I'm gonna go with Porsha on this one. Maybe it was because she didn't know 'cause she never been married before, so now she's getting to understand more about what marriage is about. She did speak on people relationship. She honestly did. - Don't talk about me and don't expect me to not have a response about your relationship. - Can I say somethin'? - Yes, absolutely. - I don't think it had anything to do with karma. I just think it just had a lot to do with, you know, them being long distance, as well as having a new baby and having to readjust the way that they love each other. You know, everything happens for a reason, and out of that marriage, came Brooklyn, and it's-- and Brooklyn is the most amazing thing on earth, okay? - Amen. - Absolutely. - Kenya, TMZ was at your haircare event and asked you about NeNe, and after NeNe had heard what you said about her, she told Wendy Williams that you didn't use your own egg to have Brooklyn. - That was so disgustin'. - Do you regret saying that, NeNe? - No. - Where'd you hear it? - It doesn't matter where I heard it at. I heard it just like they hear things, and they speak out of the side of their neck. I've sat here and listened to these girls say they've "heard" so many things about me. I've been called bipolar. I don't see anybody apologizing for that, and I won't be apologizing. Period. - That is so becoming of a grandmother. - This ain't your fight. We'll get to you. - Sweetheart, baby, it's whatever I want it to be. - This ain't your fight. - Don't do that. - You just wanna say that plum and try to turn it into a peach, and nobody is gonna help you today. - The first time you ever saw a camera, bitch, I was on. - You're going to drown when you're ----ing with me. - I was on the red carpet you were trying to get on when I met you, sweetheart. - Nobody cares about you being on carpet seventeen years ago, okay? - Coming up... - NeNe implied that I was in a fake relationship with Mike. - All of you are not fittin' to direct sh-- to me. - But we are going to do it. - Well, I can easily do this, bitch. I can-- - I don't see NeNe anymore. - This ain't your fight. - This ain't your fight. We'll get to you. - Sweetheart, baby, it's whatever I want it to be. - This ain't your fight. You just wanna say that plum and try to turn it into a peach, and nobody's gonna help you today. You're not getting anywhere. - I was on the red carpet you were trying to get on when I met you, sweetheart. - Girl, nobody cares about you being on carpet seventeen years ago, okay? - Been on it. Been on it. - You didn't save $17, okay? - Yes, and I've been on the cover of magazines. - Don't nobody care. - I've been the face of cosmetic lines. - You were broke when you came to Atlanta. I've been on the cover of magazines, too. - Since when? What were you saying, Andy? - All you can talk about is "Top Model," and that was the last time you was on top. - Because you yell. - You a freshman, bitch. Remember that. - Yes, yes, and you're the-- yeah, you're a grad student double time. - Okay, you're a freshman over here. - You didn't even see the camera... - A lot of us are your elders. Respect your elders. - ...before 2003, sweetheart. - Respect your elders. Respect your elders then. - You didn't have a camera in 2004, sweetheart. - You're done! Go back to L.A. and lick the bottom. - Okay, all right. Okay, moving on. - You were out there licking bottoms to stay on top, honey. - Are they the ones that sent you to the outskirts of Atlanta? - You were licking bottoms to stay on top. - Huh? You don't even-- - Mute. Okay. - Oh, they went on mute. No, y'all did not. - This is why people accuse NeNe of being bipolar. - You're ----ing bipolar, bitch. - She made the buffalo comment, and I said kids are off-limits. That's why I was so upset. - That's right, and I'll say it, again. - People know exactly how much-- - And I'll say it, again. Girl, you was upset for nothin'. Who cares? - That girl over there, that NeNe girl-- - That's what-- that's what Wendy calls her. - Kids are off-limits. Things that I have told that girl over there many times about her child, I never brought it to light. I was a loyal friend. So, listen, she talks about Brooklyn lookin' like Marc. Thank you, God. She does look like Marc, but we know one thing, that her kids are her kids because they look exactly like her. - Ahh! Touche. - Let's move on. - My face is gorgeous, bitch, and you're mad. Bye, Skin-ya Moore. - You're sad. 'Cause I'm so flawless. - You wish you were flawless, bitch. This is flawless, bitch. - You're over there lookin' like a white woman in drag. Shut the hell up. Hard skin. - Your whole body is botched, bitch. - What do you look like? - Botched booty, bitch, botched booty. - I don't know if I'm lookin' at "The Real Housewives" reunion or a scene from "White Chicks." - 'Cause I remember years ago, NeNe, when Sheree said something about one of your kids, you-you were very upset and said that kids are off-limits. - My kids are not at Walmart shoplifting. - Don't you ever talk about my kids, okay? - Why are you going after her kid? - I repeated what I heard about her kid, and she's repeated things, as well. I will continue to repeat what I've heard. - I've never said anything about your children or anybody else's children on this show. with me, and I got more to say. - You ain't had sh-- to say in six months. - You're on my turf, bitch! - Yeah, that's your house, and this one is mine. - This is my house, bitch. - Your house is. You got evicted. - This is my home, bitch. - Struggle housewife. - I own this home, bitch. - I own my home, sweetheart. - I own this, bitch. I'm not gonna get kicked out of sh--. - What happened to your multiple foreclosures? - I have never had a foreclosure 'cause I've never purchased a house before. - All right. You can continue. - I thought you said finances was off-limits. - I didn't say sh--. Y'all have been talkin' about my finances since day one. - But you're definitely bringing them up now, so I guess it's all on the table. - All right. - You don't wanna talk about finances. You wanna go back to face. Well, first of all, I don't know how one can purchase a million dollar home in their name with no finances. How? - Okay, Eva, wow. You got a house. We all got a house. - Yay, and y'all are older than me, too. - Girl, you are not a spring chicken, boo-boo. - You are an aged hen. - Oh, God. - Girl, them titties is aged hens. They social distancing, bitch. Don't come for me. - You like 'em? You like 'em? - Kenya, we also saw NeNe tell Wendy Williams that she didn't think that you were legally married, uh, because your marriage license is nowhere to be found. Are you legally married? - I am legally married. - All right. NeNe, do you care whether she has a marriage license? - Well, she's talked about it in every interview. I don't know how she could not care now. You don't-- you don't care if she is. - So, Andy, if you ask me nicely, I might produce a receipt that is my marriage certificate. - Do you have your marriage certificate, Kenya? - I do. It's actually right here. - All right. - About the first produced receipt I have ever seen on this show. - You can see the bride and the groom, the date, the stamp, okay? So, there is my marriage certificate to all the haters who care. - Okay. - One of the recurring topics amongst this group is, like, fake relationships. You know, it's this whole thing about just bein' with people for the show. You know, I know that NeNe said that-- implied that I was in a fake relationship with Mike. - I have never implied that you were in a fake relationship with Mike. - Well, you implied she was in a fake-- no, but, Will, that's your setup. - No-no, it wasn't Will. It was-it was Mike. - What we're not fittin' to do-- - We are going to do it. But we are going to do it. - What we're not fittin' to do, is all of you are not fittin' direct sh-- to me. - I will direct whatever I want to, to whatever little square. - You're not gonna direct sh-- to me, 'cause you got your own bullsh-- wit' you. - To whatever little square. - No, you're not gonna, bitch. I can easily do this, bitch. - What happened? - Did she turn her camera off? - Is her computer closed? - I don't see NeNe anymore. - What's she not fittin' to do? - The door is closed. - The computer is shut. NayNay, come back. Girl, it-- come on back, girl. - Oh, my God. - You know you need to come back 'cause you weren't in the episodes. You need those checks, girl. - Okay, we're gonna leave it there and take a break. Uh, maybe NeNe will open her computer. We don't know. We'll be right back. Coming up... - I will never forgive you. - I never spoke on your child. Yes, the you did! - Oh, no. - Oh, no. Tell NeNe to come home. This stupid bitch about to make me go crazy, and this sh-- ain't even really started. I can't stand this old bitch. - We are back. Still lookin' at a closed computer screen from NeNe Leakes' residence. But we are joined by two of our favorite friends of the show, Tanya and Marlo. Hey, mauntie, how are those nephews of yours doin'? - Nephews are good, and they're ready for school to start back. Can you believe it? - Are you teaching them from home these days? - We're homeschooling, so it's a full shift. - Wow. Hey, Tanya. - Nice to cyber see you, Andy. - No more run-ins with the cookie lady, right? - No. I did bake some Pillsbury cookies, though, the other day. - Oh, nice. - Too much titties in the way. - Oh, and we got NeNe back. Welcome back, NeNe. - I had to go pee and change my tampon. - Good job. - All right. Well, Kandi, this season, you took over the vacant role of the resident bone collector, and your dedication to spilling the tea landed you the nickname, KMZ. Watch. - You know what I call you? KMZ. - Yes. KMZ is everything! - I saw NeNe, uh, by the way. - Oh, really? - Somebody that y'all have as a mutual friend recorded you doggin' her out. - Bitch. - Tanya, she said, "I have a little tea of my own." She just had your wig with her. - Oh! If I wanna pull a wig out of my ass, what does it matter? - Porsha told her that you basically said that you didn't bring your kids to the party because you didn't know about Kenya's energy. - She's like, "Well, you know, "I don't really know Kenya like that." - That is some bullsh--. - Porsha might wanna stay all the way up out of my business. She's still got her C-section healing. She over here worrying about somebody else baby. And I can forward her a lot of these blogs, so she can mind that business. That was definitely not what I said. - So, Kandi's a liar. So, she's making it up. - No, I'm not. I'm really not. - I did not say anything about forwarding a blog. As busy as Kandi is, why she spends time stirring the pot, I don't know. She is what we call a class A instigator. - Kandi, Yannis from Tbilisi, Georgia, said, "Why did you decide to become the bone collector this season? "No one liked it when Sheree was the bone collector." - I don't think it was intentional. I just think that when-- during this season, I pretty much, you know, got along with everybody. And so when you are able to, you know, be in conversations with everybody, it's kinda awkward. If you do say somethin', then you're KMZ. You're Salt Bae. If you don't say somethin', then it's like, oh, why you didn't say somethin'? So, it's just like a weird spot to be in. - Uh, Carmella from Texas said, "Eva, after Kandi told you Porsha was the one "who spilled the tea to Kenya, "you started talking about her C-section scar "and forwarding her blogs." - Which was pretty. - "And even called PJ Dennis with a bow. "Why didn't you just have a conversation with her "before becoming so shady?" - First of all, I found myself very upset to know that Porsha went back and said whatever she said to Kenya. I 100% forgot what I said. It is what it is. - Now, let me tell you somethin' about this raggedy ass ho down at the bottom. - Okay. These bottom-barrel bitches, you help bottom-barrel bitches, and they turn around and do the most lowdown-- - Right. No one has ever helped to feed me on this stage. - Then turn around and do the most lowdown thing possible, which is talk about somebody's child. - No one talked about your child. - Right, right. - NeNe said your child looks like Dennis five times. She does. - Right. Right. - My son looks like her father. The question is, why are you bothered? - First of all, I will never forgive you, okay, for ever speakin' on my child. You hear that? Do you see me? Do you hear what I am saying? - Yes! - I never spoke on your child. I will-- Yes, the you did! Let me tell you somethin'. Whenever you are comin' for me and my C-section, like thousands of women have, and I had a ----in' C-section, trust me. You're comin' for me. - I didn't come for me. You came for me. - Really? That's what you're gonna do? - Bringing my name into a storyline for yourself, sweetheart. - Girl, you must have been smoked up that day, 'cause let me tell you how I will whop you upside your head about my child. Trust. - You're the one that brought my name up first. - Not a storyline. - You don't pounce and tell me how to pop back, boo. - Trust, and she hear-- trust. - Pampered by Porsha, don't tell me how to bounce and snap back. - Don't you ever-ever speak on my child, again. You gonna say she look like Dennis with a bow. - Period. - Baby, your baby is a clone with a bib. - Eva, are you saying you didn't mean it as a read? - I meant it as a read to you. I never, at any point, was disrespecting your child. - You can't read me about my child! - Eva, it doesn't sound great. - Thank you, Andy. Thank you. - If you're reading her, and you say it as part of the read, it doesn't sound great. - She does look like Dennis with a bow. Where is the lie? - And you look like a thumb with lips on it, - with black lipstick. - Shut the up. - Where's the lie? - You say it one more time, and I will virtually kick your ass. - Eva, you got a lot of, um, feedback from viewers about your comment about lil' nappy heads. - I am not here for this sh-- with these little nappy heads this year. Carlos from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, said, "What made you think it was okay for you to say?" - First and foremost, I am a black woman, and one cannot tell me how to speak about the culture that I am in. No one in this group has said any of those colloquialisms that we use within our community, on or off camera? - Eva, but here-here is the-the problem with that. You being a light-skinned women with straight, quote-unquote, straight hair, and light eyes, and as gorgeous as they come, it's difficult for a woman that is like me, that is brown like me, who has textured hair like me, accept that as it not being offensive. So, I-I don't think you meant it in an offensive way. I just think you have to be more sensitive to it. - I can appreciate that, but I-- you-- I'm just-- I'm not here for any of them coming for me. - It goes both ways. I'm just saying, you have to be sensitive to-to making remarks like that. That's all I'm saying. - Yeah. - Stay tuned for more reunion action after this. - Welcome back to - Welcome back to "Real Housewives of Atlanta" virtual reunion. NeNe, you entered this season with more fractured friendships than you could handle, but with a Birkin bag full of olive branches, you took a spiritual journey to try to fix 'em. Watch this. - What up? - How are you? - I'm good. How you been? Honestly, I have no idea what made NeNe decide to reach out to me. - Last time I saw you, things weren't so great. - Kandi is not important. - Well, first of all-- Oh, I guess that's changed. - I can't wait to see all these girls. - I don't know if they can't wait to see you. - Well, that's okay. She's coming. - NeNe has no other choice but seem as though she's taking accountability, because she is over there on a dusty ol' island by herself, and nobody will play with her. First, it was Kandi. And now Eva. - Eva, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I apologize for that if I did. - Thank you. I appreciate her seeming attempt to move forward, but I definitely tread lightly. - I'm gonna be seeing NeNe. - What? This time must be Cynthia. How did that happen? - I sent her over-- - A cheese plate? - No. Oh, this is gorgeous. "Congratulations on the big opening of your new business. "NeNe Leakes." - These grand gestures of cheese and crackers is just not it. Y'all have way more to talk about than snack time. - We both said some horrible things about each other, right? - No, I think you said a whole lot more than what I would be interested in saying. - Oh, well, I don't know about that now. - You have been out doing several interviews before I did one. You need to take responsibility for what you did. - I have to take the high road because if I don't, we're not gonna get on the road to any kind of closure. Give me a hug. NeNe, I'm sorry. - Out of everybody in the group that I have had issues with, that hurt me the most. Next must be Porsha. - I love you like a sister, and I'm sorry. - The love is there. - We had a sisterhood. And I wanted to figure out how to get back to having that sisterhood. Bitch, I am trying. You hear me? This is a try. - Megan from Petersburg, Virginia, said, "NeNe, I thought it was really touching to see you "seek counsel from Wendy Williams. "What's the status of your relationship now? "She seemed mad at you for calling her "while you were on Instagram Live." - I didn't seek counsel from Wendy William. We were just two girlfriends talking on the phone, just having girl talk. I just assume we're in a neutral place. That's all I can tell you. - NeNe, what does that mean that your friendship is neutral, right now? - Um, it's just neutral. We're okay. We're okay. - I don't think that that is a real friendship. I think that they both are not really being genuine and honest with each other. I mean, clearly, this woman got online, and she was talking about her basically like a dog. "That girl over there." She was saying the most degrading things. And if that is someone who is truly your friend, why would she go on her platform and basically say, "I am Wendy Williams? "That is why I'm the queen of-of daytime TV, "and you don't come for the queen." She doesn't think anything of NeNe. - I don't think it was that deep, Andy. I think it was, yeah, she's on a TV show, and she chose to say what she wants to say. I think you put a lot on that, but I don't think it was that deep. - Did you watch it? - I watched it. We all did. - At the end of the day, Wendy said, "She's a over there person." Would you want your friend to be like, "Uh, she's just a over there person?" - That girl over there. - Personally, I feel like NeNe is very strategic with her friendships, okay? Um, the Wendy situation, to me, I feel like that's definitely strategic. If anybody else would talk sh-- about NeNe like that, she would have went in, but Wendy is very beneficial as her friend. You know, she's on a major platform. She can feed her information so that she can say it to the people. And show favoritism to NeNe. So, to me, it's- it's easy to see why she doesn't want that friendship to go totally under the bridge, you know? - What-what's your response to all that, NeNe? - First of all, when Wendy and I got back together, the one thing I said to her is, "Anything that happens to us, I'm going to come to you. "I'm not going on social media." So, with that said, I'm not going to discuss our friendship amongst these girls. Now, they can say what they feel is strategic and what's not strategic. I don't need Wendy, honey. You must have forgot who the I am. I don't need Wendy for any damn thing, okay-- - Yeah, you need Wendy. You need Wendy. You don't have any talent. - ...other than a friendship. - Hollywood's not callin'. - Kenya, you don't think NeNe's apologies were sincere? - I do not believe that anything about her is sincere. - Why is it that when somebody apologizes other than you, it would be an insincere apology? Like, what would make it any more sincere? Like, we've seen you apologize with me, and we're supposed to have moved on, and then it actually wasn't sincere. So, what would make her apology to me so insincere? And then you even went on the after show to say, "Oh, our relationship is fake." - "I was so lost without you." - And the Academy Award goes to... - Why did that bother you to the point where you're like, I'm gonna bring receipts to the reunion? Why? And where are your damn receipts? - So, you wanna talk about a receipt. - Girl, where they at? Where are the receipts? - Okay, so, when you wanna talk about a receipt-- - Where are they? Where are they? - Okay, here's a receipt for you. You believe that she was sincere. - And you believe she's little sis and big sis, and you guys have this relationship that's so phenomenal. - Oh, don't hate, baby, 'cause your relationship with Cynthia is very lackluster. - And, um, I remember when-- listen, she talks about everybody. She talks about everybody. - You and Cynthia relationship is not to be desired. I'll come for that friendship a little bit later. - Did you want that receipt or not? - Worry about your damn relationship with Cynthia and how you done shaded her many times, bitch. - Where is your receipts? - Where, girl over there? Bumpy face skin. - Where is your receipts? Where is your receipts? - Did you want that receipt or not? Okay, so, here is the receipt. Are you ready? - Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. - So, she called me and Cynthia on the phone. - I'm ready. I'm ready. - I don't care about the receipt. I don't care about the receipt. - Let's hear it, Kenya. - She called us and told us, "Did y'all see what was in the news today? "Did y'all see that Porsha is doin' 'Celebrity Apprentice'? "Y'all are over here thinkin' she dumb. "She's so dumb, but she over here makin' moves. "What we gonna do about this?" - You shut up, bitch. - Your receipt is from three years ago. - We can't-we can't talk like this. - The reality is, is no one can say they haven't said somethin'. - Girl, we wanna hear from Cynthia. - Let's hear from Cynthia. - L-listen, here's the point. When-when we're friends with whoever we're friends with, we talk sh--, okay, about other people. - Uh-huh. I'm looking for another receipt. - Everybody that's in these squares has done it. This is where you guys are. So, if it doesn't matter, then we don't have to talk about it. Let's talk about some sh-- that matters. - Okay, let's talk about some sh-- that matters! - Okay, can I speak on this situation? - Let's talk about some sh-- that matters. Hold on. - Can I speak on it? - Can I give a receipt? Because I actually have one. - Oh, my God, okay. - I have a receipt in my phone that I will not read verbatim because I do respect private texts, at some point, between myself and a Kenya Moore. And this is at a time that she was very much friends with you, the much, much gorgeous, just so gorgeous Cynthia, honey. - Thank you. - Is she beautiful? - And she basically was letting me know that she was gonna get your ass. ♪♪♪ - I have a receipt in my phone - I have a receipt in my phone that I will not read verbatim because I do respect private texts, at some point, between myself and a Kenya Moore. And this is at a time that she was very much friends with you, the much, much gorgeous, just so gorgeous Cynthia, honey. - Thank you. - Is she beautiful? - And she basically was letting me know that she was gonna get your ass, and that she knows what you are up to, and that she is not here for what you are giving on this show, and that she will be coming for you. Trust your day is numbered, and that is in my text. It is right here in my text. Andy, I'll send it to you, but I really will ask you not to post it. - Porsha, what year is the text from? - Whatever. I am going to text my mortal enemy about Cynthia? - Porsha, what year is that from? - This year, this season. I'm going tit-for-tat, all right, bitch? This receipt in this text is from this-- - But why are you calling me a bitch? You asked me, and I told you. So, why are you calling me a bitch? - I-I take that back. I'll take that-- I take it back. We're sipping Hennessy. - Okay, take it back. Right. - Calm down. It's all right. Let's focus! Let's focus. - Right. Like, she's like, "Oh, you called me a bitch." - Let's focus. - Cynthia, what do you have to say? - So, there's a text from Kenya to you? - Yes. - Doggin' me out? - Hold on. - Tryin' to take me out while Kenya and I have been friends? I-I-I don't believe that. - She sees what you're up to. - Right. Show that text. - And your day is comin', sweetie. - Show that text. - I'll send it to you, Andy, but I'll ask you not to publish it because I don't wanna do Kenya like that. - What are we talkin' about? - I sure will. I sure will. - I'm gonna text you, someone who is not my friend, about my friend? - Send me the screenshot. - Fake friend. - Wow. - Send me the screenshot. - I need another drink for this tea. - Cynthia... she ain't your friend. - Send it to all of us since you wanna talk about I'm talkin' about bein' a friend. - All right. - You're a horrible friend wit' your fake receipts, but you look cute. - Oh, forget it. - Porsha, send the screenshot of that text message to Cynthia and I. - No problem. - NeNe, I'm wondering, what is your reaction to some of the women thinking that your apologies were not sincere, and why was it important for you to make amends? - Well, it's always important to apologize if you hurt someone's feelings. And whether they think my apology was genuine or not, it really doesn't matter to me 'cause I know what was in my heart, and I mean what I say. So, if I have came to you with an apology, it was genuine. The second thing I want to address is, when we were in Greece, Porsha pulled me to the side. We definitely have been through things, but it's okay to apologize. It's okay to get in a good place. What are we supposed to do? Not be in a good place forever? I mean, that's happened within this group a million times. - Can I talk, now? We were expecting you and Porsha to make up because she was on the last stop of the apology tour. The only reason why I had a reaction is because Porsha say, "Oh, life's been so hard without you." - I was like, okay. I get it. You know, y'all are cool, again, but life hard? I'm like, was that one too many wine glasses? Like, what happened? - What's your response to all that? - When I said, "It was hard without you," I meant because when I was pregnant at the time she and I had the-the height of our issues, that's when I know NeNe would have been there for me the most. - Being there for you the most? That's when she dogged you the most, knowing you was pregnant. - No, I did not. No, I did not. - NeNe, you sent that girl a whole cease and desist - while pregnant. - Eva, shut the up. All right, so, what I'm saying is, is that-- - Ooh, you're bothered. - Ne-- NeNe and I back in the day, right, when I was married-- - She-s so bothered. - When I went through my divorce-- shut up, bitch! - Ooh, Jesus. - When I was going through my divorce, I had to go to Upfronts, Andy, and you know a majority of the housewives go to Upfronts. I will never forget being in the bathroom, crying, and NeNe came in the bathroom, and she helped me hold my head up. Through my hardest times, she has supported me. And around that time that she and I were arguing was another one of my hardest moments with my fiance. And I knew that if I would've been able to have her friendship, it would have helped assist me go through it. - Okay, Porsha, I love you, but you didn't want nobody messin' with NeNe because you know how she do. - Yes, and I agree. I agree. - You know how she just work her way in, so she can dog people out later. - Let me say-- - She dogged the sh-- out of you in a very important time in your life. - And trust me. I'll call her just as much of a lowdown bitch as she called me, okay? So, I'm nobody's victim. - Thank you. - I said I didn't wanna have nothin' to do with her. I wish the bitch wasn't on the show. I was upset, as well. - She dogged at me, too. - I was upset. - We cursed each other out. But once she and I worked it out, we genuinely worked it out. - We cursed each other out! We cursed each other out! - We dogged each otha. - We dogged each otha. We dogged each otha. - Thank you. - We dogged each otha. - Thank you. - Okay, Andy, it happens in friendships. - They are haters. - No, I'm not a hater. - It's okay for everybody else to apologize. - No, that's not true, NeNe. - It's just not okay for me to apologize. - I'm okay with all of that, you trying to be cool. - They're a bunch of haters. - And let's be clear! - First of all, Kenya ain't givin' nobody no apologies. Okay? Never. - No, no, no. - What did you say? - You hardly ever or have never given an apology. - You said more than one time to me on this show this season-- - Okay, okay. I-I wanna get in. Hey, ladies. I wanna get in here. Okay, can I-I get in here? All right. Okay, guys. Okay. - Barbie, can you ask my husband to make me another drink? - Next week, the reunion continues... - Kenya was a liar. - But we saw the text messages. - Her receipts should be put in the shredder. - Eva, don't talk, right now, 'cause you ate those cookies ten different times. - And those cookies were good as sh--. - You were a ----ing clown. - No, you're-- if I'm a clown, you're a professional clown. - I ----ing hate talking about him. Ugh! - I'm embedded in your mother----ing brain, bitch. - No, girl. - A-T-L done came out. - And you're gonna keep knowing me. - Nobody cares. Bye! - For more with "The Real Housewives," 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 