The Real Housewives of Atlanta: Season 11, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 s11e11 - Texts, Lies & Therapy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta (2008–…): Season 11, Episode 11 - Texts, Lies & Therapy - full transcript 
 Eva and Tanya's hibachi night continues to go up in flames when Eva is confronted by Porsha over past shady comments. As Gregg's birthday approaches, tension builds between the Leakes as ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Man, take your ass out with that bullsh--. - Next time, on "the real housewives of atlanta"... - Kandi, wait one second. Porsha-- - I was trying to just be nice to you by even inviting you. - Don't do me no favors! - Well, I won't. - Don't do me no ----ing favors. - No more. You won't get none. - Ask him anything you wanna know about him in person. This is a timer. - When's the last time you had a std? - Eh-eh-- oh-- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [laughing] - you came in the house with being very short and taking it out on me. I question my ability to be that strong wife. - We have some issues. - I didn't do nothin' wrong. - You were supposed to really cut off who you were talking to. That right there kinda nicked at the trust that I have. - For more information on "the real housewives," - Previously, on "the real housewives of atlanta"... I'm gonna tell y'all somethin'. I'm pregnant. [collective screaming] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - hi! - Cynthia baily... - Now, it's official. Yay. - Tokyo, there's so much we can do there. - I love it. Invite the girls over, and then we'll be like, "hey, the theme of this was tokyo." - ooh. - Todd wanted his 45th birthday party to be michael jordan themed. It was so fun, and then porsha got put out. - Midway through, I start noticing one of kandi's employees, like, circling me. - So, it's your friend, who you invited... - Yeah. - Was dating? - Porsha's boyfriend. - Up until when? - Like, a couple weeks ago. - I had figured, by that time, it was your ex. - It should get to a point where you realize you got too much to lose than to be chasing after chicks aggressively. You were not over there. I don't give a damn what the factory got to say! - I feel like it's going too far. - I don't give a (bleep). - Wait. - I'm nobody's victim, bitch, first of all. - I don't know who the (bleep) you callin' a bitch. - I'm calling you a bitch. - You don't know how to control yourself. That's the problem. - Girl, bye. - (bleep) you. - (bleep) you, too. - All right, whatever. Man, I'm gonna go. - Please go. - Kandi, wait one second. Porsha-- - I was trying to just be nice to you by even inviting you. - Don't do me no favors! - Well, I won't. - Don't do me no ----in' favors. - No more. You won't get none. - Not if it's gonna end like that. - Porsha is up and ready to get about it. You know, I'm thinkin' to myself, porsha, you're pregnant. - If I was talking to a friend, she would hear me. She's not hearing me. She heard her staff. That's what she wanted to hear. - Girl. - So, I'm good. - We are good. - Get me some water 'cause my mouth is parched. Eff her, the factory, and the high horse she rode in on. Oh, no, the donkey. - I gotta go. - Don't leave. We're about to eat and turn up. - In a minute, it's gonna go down in here. She keep talkin' to me all crazy on my name... It's gonna go down. - Where is everyone? What's going on? - Outside. Have fun. - Why? What's-- we're not having fun? - Listen, they're trying to have me and kandi have a conversation. We're talking about her husband's party. - Yeah. - I felt like she should be like, "okay, porsha, you know what? "I haven't talked to you since the party. "what do you feel happened?" I think-I think she did. - So, wait a second. - She's not. - You're telling me, after you attended kandi's party, and you had an issue there. You know the streets have already said what happened. - She had to leave, yeah. - You had to leave. - Yeah. - So, kandi hasn't reached out to you or contacted? - No. What I just got was, "well, my staff said you was trying to chase the girl down, "and you was trying"-- stop telling me what your staff said. Are you asking me what I-- what happened? - Why didn't you come and see? I text you. - Yeah. - I wouldn't have text you if I was doing wrong. - Thank you. - At this point, I don't care. I don't wanna (bleep) with her. Like, she just made it easy for me. Like, I'm just done. - Just stay, girl. - I don't want you to leave. - Yeah, I was gonna say, do not leave. Kill her with kindness. - I had a cocktail made for you with henney. We're gonna eat more food. We're gonna have some-- - that's okay. - All right, y'all. - Come on. - All right. Hi, divas. - Hi. Hi. You done showed up. Hey, hot pink dress. - Hi, smoothy smooth. - This is nice. Muah. - So, where is the food? - Okay, y'all, listen. We've already turned up to 100. We're gonna take it down. I think we're hungry. We have more cocktails downstairs and way stronger alcohol. Let's just move inside. - Come on, ladies. Hey, guys, I don't know if you know, but this wasn't the whole point of everything. I wanna take you overseas, but you guys are arguing. So, should you even get on a plane together? - Come on, miss tucker. Oh, kandi, no, don't-don't be petty. Leave it on there. - No, I'm gonna be petty as she is. I don't wanna see her mother----in' ass on my timeline. - Delete, bitch. I should mother----in' delete her mother----in' pictures. - Well... - Okay, don't block her now, child. That's-- she might start following you, again. - You're having drinks. - Where's the drinks, honey? I'm-I'm actually looking for a cocktail. - Honey, I can have drinks, honey. My twins are at home. I'm, like, ready to go! Hey! - You're like, I'm about to twerk it, twerk it. - You know what I'm sayin'? Look, I just wanna eat. Let's just have a good time. Next. [slurps] ♪ [stomping feet] - eva! - Okay. - The geisha has arrived. - Domo arigato gozaimasu. [laughing] - arigato. - Okay. - Domo arigato gozaimasu. - Welcome to girls night in. A night of hibachi, teppanyaki. So, please, bring your cocktails and let us eat, let us drink and be merry. [all] - yes. - I have gifts for you all. - It's tanya time, honey. She is in full theme. Yes, honey, konnichiwa. - Some of the itty-bitty waist crew, which is all of you. - Marlo. - Cynthia. - This might be a little bit tight. [indistinct chatter] - these are so cute. - Are we ready? - Wait a minute, y'all. - Please come on in. - Wow! - You do not have a hibachi table. - Oh, wow. - You do not have that. - This is so cool. [cheering] - yes, hibachi grill in the basement. I'm just gonna need this wig not to go up in flames. [screaming] - oh, my gosh. - Do you have more eggs? - Whoa!' you're a pro at that. [laughing] - it's hot in here, y'all. - Porsha? Hey. - Hey. - Are you okay? - Girl, it's hot. - You're up here having a hot flash, girl. - Okay, then came in-came in here on fire and all them. Like, lord. - So, listen. - Just don't. - Really? Okay. - You know... And then you telling me what somebody else saying. Let's just talk, but... If we can't do that, it's fine. I am over it. I don't wanna talk about it anymore. I need to take a breath and enjoy the rest of the night with my girls. - It is hot. - You are gonna have to peel that dress off. - I'm more worried about the fake hair than this. - Okay, so, if you are hot down here, he's cooking your food. Everyone's had their order. We can go upstairs where we'll actually eat our meals. - It is hot, but I already started digging into this plate. - Take your drinks. - This is my rice. Nobody is taking my rice. - Ooh, it's cooled down. How nice. - This is so pretty. - I can't even get it. Okay, I'm about to get some. ♪ - I done saved you this seat, and you just gave it away. - Marlo, no, you didn't save this for nobody. - I saved it for nene. I made-- - we're all friends! - I'm about to use this spoon. - Nene, sit right here. - I don't like to share. I'm not in a open relationship. [laughter] - speaking of open relationship... - Uh-uh. - Thank you. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I'm just over the arguing. I'm over all of this, "you said this. "you did this. You had. "girl, I'm gonna tell you what had happened was." I was hungry. Thank you. Girl gotta eat. - Nothing, girl. - I just had a little bit of fish. That's all. - You were eating down there? - Yeah. - Oh, you are not right. - I was hungry as hell. Why y'all come up here so quick? [laughing] - shamari was ----ing up that soup and salad, y'all. - Out of all the ladies, I'm the one should've stayed downstairs eating because I'm the one pregnant. I know y'all met the other day, but how did y'all get into this lovefest of hosting an event together? - After the destin trip, you know. - I had a good time in destin, all in all. I think eva for sure was like, so, you know, someone brought some stuff to my attention. Um-- - it was put out there. - What? - So, when we were in destin, and tanya did her big presentation, there was definitely a nice amount of shade in there that might have gotten glossed over. - Mmm. - I caught it. - I did high-low today. This is christian dior. If you'll excuse me while I grab my sunglasses because actually these are from swagg boutique. - If I did anything to offend you, I really, like, wholeheartedly apologize. - I have to tell you, first of all, I know the difference between highs and lows, and I'm not shallow at all. That don't really get up under my skin. - Thank you. - I get it. I know it's not a freaking high. But, bitch, that's where I met you at, inside of swagg. Your ass is up in there trying to figure out some clothes, so your budget was low. - This is delicious. - It's so good. - You know what? I find somethin' so funny. - What? - Eva, you caught that shade, but you be forgetting your shade. - Oh! - Uh-oh. - I'm not coming for you. I'm just saying you do. Like, you'll shade somebody, and then you'll be like, "I didn't say it like that." or, "no." - in my heart of hearts, there's not a shady bone in my body. - Have you ever been shady with cynthia? - With cynthia? - Cynthia. - No. - You never said she was like the mother of the den? Said somethin' about a mother in the modeling world. - Coming up next... - None of what you have written on that paper I want. - Gregg, give her a chance. - You told me she was a vegan chef, and she's not. - Eva, you caught that shade, but you be forgetting your shade. Have you ever been shady with cynthia? - With cynthia? - Cynthia. - No. I tell you in my heart of hearts, there's not a shady bone in my body. - You never said she was like the mother of the den? You said somethin' about a mother in the modeling world. - When? - When we were at the gym. - Oh, not the veteran walk. - Yeah. End of the day, when we left there, you know good and well, I had nothin' but respect for cynthia bailey. Don't do that. - And I didn't-I didn't say you did not have respect for her. - Well, it sound like real disrespectful if I'm sayin' I'm the queen. - We're talking about-- we're talking about-- honey, 're talking about shade. I'm just saying, you have been shady before, too. That was my point of bringing it up. - Oh, girl, I'm done. Where is the sake? - At the end of the day, just remember, girl. I did win the model walk off. [collective] - oh! - [indistinct]. Cynthia "high cheek bones" bailey. [cheering] - mama won. I'm sorry. Mother won. - Shady is fun. So what? Okay? And if somebody happens not to like it, you just simply apologize and explain why you said it. That's it. - I know this girl is not sitting here talking about somebody should own somethin'. Ha! That was the funniest thing on earth. - Look, with that being said, the whole intent of tonight, for me, was to make amends for somethin' that I felt wrong about. When we were in destin, something came up about the bachelorette party that I had. - It just seemed weird that porsha would be invited and nene not invited. - How do you be in somebody's wedding, and they don't invite you to the bachelorette? - I feel bad that I didn't invite nene and the rest of y'all. So, tanya helped me host this today because I would like to take you ladies to tokyo. [cheering] - tokyo! Tokyo! - Yes! - [indistinct]. I'm real excited to go to tokyo with these ladies, but I'm not exactly thrilled to be going with mean mugging godzilla sittin' over there. - And I feel like this is honestly to tell you that I'm sorry. [collective] - aww. - And I never wanted-- and I know that you didn't feel that way when I asked, but you mean more to me than you might know and than this group might know. - Do I get the best room? - And I get the second best. - Your ass ain't gettin' the second best. No. - I'm giving you hell. [laughing] ♪ - gregg? - Yeah? - Is there somethin' we need from sam's? I'm sending brentt to sam's. - Plates, cups. - Okay, good enough. So, you know I have a chef that's coming over, right? - Mm-hmm. - She's gonna be cookin' some stuff for your birthday. And just kinda introduce the kids to a healthier way of eating. And I know you got concerns about what the lady gonna cook. - I got concerns about any chef. - Why? - I can't do certain things that trigger this cancer to grow. So, it's just a matter of seeing if she can incorporate alkaline foods. - They're probably already using alkaline things 'cause there's different vegetables and fruits that are alkaline. - Could be. Matter of fact, let me just pull out some stuff I have to have. - I've always tried to be healthy, and gregg, however, pretty much didn't care. - Let me start with these. - Like, there's times when I would say, "gregg, do the diet with me," and he doesn't wanna do the diet with me. It really took something this serious to scare his ass from eating all these unhealthy things. - Grapeseed oil. My staple for oils. White sugar... I replace it with coconut sugar. Either way. - Okay. So, how was your appointment today? - They-they-they changed my whole aura with, "we need you to do a stress test, right now." I don't even have on sneakers. Uh, "we need to do some extensive bloodwork today." so, five or six things got added onto me this morning that I knew nothin' about, and it's stressful. Including me, today. I mean, I don't like gettin' stuck five or six times. I'm thinkin' about gettin' stuck once. - I get it. - Okay. [doorbell rings] - oh, the person is at the door. I'll be right back. Being a caregiver, it's a difficult role to play. Gregg having cancer, he's grouchy. He's sad. He's depressed. How are you doing? - I'm doing great. I'm ashley. - Hi, ashley. Nene. - Very nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you, too. He puts all that energy on me. Like, I'm the closest thing to him. So, if he wants to vent, or yell, or be mean, I'm the person that he's doing that to. It really has been difficult for me. - Hello. - Hi. - This is ashley. - How are you? I'm gregg. - Very nice to meet you. Thanks for having me. - Nice. Yes, you're welcome. - Um, in a couple days, so gregg's having a birthday. Oh, happy birthday. - Yeah, and so we are planning to-- - sweet 16. - Happy birthday. - Yeah. - Don't hate. Don't hate. - I'm not. - So, what we're planning to do is have at least ten people. - Sure. - We'd already talked to our boys and told them that we want them to try and eat healthier. - Okay. - Um, gregg decided to change his diet when he was diagnosed with cancer. - Right. - So, I feel like this is a good start for them. You know? - Absolutely. Would you be open to, like, cabbages, peppers, carrots? Things of that nature. - No carrots. - No carrots. - Carrots is a, um, hybrid. - Okay, that's right. - I don't do any hybrid vegetables at all. No carrots, no broccoli, no iceberg lettuce. - Got you. - None of that. None of what you have written on that paper I want. - Well, gregg, first of all, give her a chance to-- - but you told me she was a vegan chef, and she's not because-- - well, she is. She can do both. - Vegan-- she can do vegan. But she's not a vegan chef. - It's like, look, stop it. I am trying to help you. You know what? Since she's plant based, maybe you can introduce gregg to some new things because his menu is very small. - You want any grains in your diet at all? Millet? Quinoa? Those? - Yes, alkaline foods. - Yes, okay. Absolutely. - Yeah. - I'm familiar with the alkaline diet. - Okay. - We can just make a list of what specifically you want, and we'll make a menu, and we'll go from there. - Okay. - Perfect. ♪ - coming up next... - Mr. Hill. - Yes, ma'am. - What is your go to move with cynthia? [laughing] - when's the last time you had a std? Behold, the power of the five-dollar bill! A lot of people have their faces on currency, abe. It's not that big a deal. Not...That many...In the united states. Andrew, alexander, ulysses, benjamin franklin - he wasn't even president! Hangry, party of three. We're more than just five-dollar medium, one-topping pizzas. We're a five-dollar lineup of,wings, desserts and more for just a lincoln each. Well, I went through your return line-by-line Love. We have a fragrance for that. Did you find all the stuff you needed? - Yeah. Are you driving her around? - Yeah. - You're getting spoiled over there. - It's nice. Can I be spoiled, too? - I gotta take over where you left off. - All right, well, I'll talk to you guys later. - All right. - All right. Love you. Bye. - Bye. - So, where we goin'? - A lot of the girls in the group seem to know everybody's business about their man's business. - Uh-huh. - So, instead of them going to the streets to find out, I figured I would let them have an opportunity to ask you themselves. - Which one do you think's gonna give me the hardest time? - Uh, kandi. - Kandi? That's cool. I'm used to asking the questions. Not answering the questions. ♪ - ah. ♪ hey, diva! - Oh, girl, you scared me. I'm, like, sitting here all this time. - You're by yourself. No one's here yet. - Hibachi night did not go exactly as I planned. I am hoping that meeting mike hill puts us back in, like, that positive vibes, again, before the world, you know, does what it does, which is drop sh--. - You and porsha relationship, that sh-- is [indistinct]. - What? - Like, it was big of you to invite her to the party. - Hi, ladies. - Hi, baby. How are you? - Hey. - You look so pretty. - How are you? Thank you. - You look gorgeous, baby. So do you. - So my thing is, I don't wanna keep calling you and get caught up into you and your boyfriend and his ex-girlfriend and all of that. I'm telling her exactly how I felt when all that stuff was going on that, uh, porsha was saying about me. - Yeah, yeah. - Because at the end of the day, I'm not taking time out of my busy schedule and my day to fix anything else with her. Like, if we're around everybody else with the group, you know I know how to be cordial with her. We've done it before. But I'm not gonna go out of my way. Like, I was trying last time. I'm good this time because it's just like, to me, it's like, nah, she does petty sh-- to me, and I don't have time for that. - Should we pray first? [laughing] - I'm excited. I'm looking forward to our trip to go abroad. Yeah. - It's gonna be good. It's gonna be good. We gonna turn it up. I'm gonna let my hair down, which means I'm gonna get longer extensions. - Should I do a ponytail? - That ponytail will be messed up. - Unless you gonna braid it like, you know, beyonce. - Well, I can braid some wigs. [indistinct]. - Hi! - Hi! Hi, baby. - How you doin'? Hows you doin'? - What's up? - Give me a hug. How you doin'? - This is mike hill. What do you want, baby? - Uh, what you drinkin'? I'll do a margarita. - This is what, a margarita? - They're spicy. Do you like spicy? - Oh, I don't want the spicy, though. - Regular-regular margarita. Thank you. - Well, listen. The last time I tried to bring a guy to the group... [laughing] you know, you guys had your information, so-- - eva was right, though. - We was both right. - You were on the steve harvey show for dating. - Right, right. - But then my other friend, who's a part of, uh, dating show, and they were saying you were on that, too. - When I met you, which was once, I met you and your girlfriend. - I told y'all, this is hill, not will. - Oh! [laughter] - but, anyway, I wanted you guys to come today to meet mike and actually have an opportunity to ask him anything you wanna know about him in person. This is a timer, okay? Instead of depending on the streets... - One at a time, or-- - it's almost like speed dating. I would love for them to actually give mike a fighting chance because I really like him, and he's not going anty-where. - Mr. Hill. - Yes, ma'am. - What do you feel like you are gonna add to this already perfect masterpiece? - I think we're two layers of a cake, and we're just the icing on top being together. It's almost like-- - you a linguist? - No, no, no, I think-I think-- - let me sit back and catch it. What is it that you love the most about cynthia? - The thing I love about her is that she is a beautiful person. You can be pretty, but if you don't resonate beauty on the inside, it's not gonna matter to me. [timer rings] - okay. - Is any-is any question too inappropriate? - No. You can ask whatever you want. - You can ask anything you want. - Ooh. Now, you know I'm gonna ask all the good juicy questions. Sex is important in a relationship. - Okay. - What is your go-to move that you know is gonna work for cynthia? [laughing] - you know, she got a lot of cushion for the pushing. - Right. - I'll just say it that way. I-I use the cushion. - Going from the back or licking it? - Oh, no, no. [laughing] I've had sex. I don't-- I wanna make love, and I make love to her. - But, if you only got ten minutes. - Okay, then I'm gonna tear that ass up. [laughing] - he gets a thumbs up. - What's your, uh, credit score? - It's excellent. - It is? - Yeah. - You're sure? Excellent? Okay. - It's 765. I'll tell you. Girl, you might keep him. Girl. [laughing] now, have you been paid to date cynthia bailey? - Oh, absolutely not. - You have not. No w-9 forms? No-- - not at, not at all. - When's the last time you had a std? - The last time? - Testing. I mean, std screening. - Oh, my god. Ah-ah-ah. Time's up! [laughing] thank you so much for coming. - Saved the best for last. [laughing] - I've been getting to know mike for a minute now, but, oh, my god. I learned a lot from the ladies' questions. Thank you, marlo, for, uh-- - was I the easiest questions? - Uh, you were the hardest. - No, they were all phenomenal questions. Uh, a couple of 'em actually stumped me for a second. I'm so happy I got a chance to meet you ladies. And any time, if you feel like you need to pull me to the side to ask me somethin' that you've heard before, please do that, too. - And you're not gonna jump down my throat and tell me that I'm lying, even though I saw it with my own eyes? - No, I'm not gonna do that. - Well, baby! - I told you... - Oh, my god! - No, I'm not-I'm not gonna do that. - Coming up next... - Now that I am back in love, it's like, wait. - Mm-hmm. - I don't wanna lose porsha, again. - So, are you trying to push him away? Hey! It's me! Your dry skin! ♪ - hello! - Oh, hey, girl! [laughing] - how are you? - I'm good. - Oh, my goodness. - Girl, I've been trying to put together my show that I told you about. - Oh, my god, how's that coming? - It's coming very well. - Oh! - Like, it's moving now. With the whole dungeon thing blowing out of control over the last couple of years, it became very negative. - But you don't have a sex dungeon? - No, I do not. - Or a sex chamber y'all have going on. - You done made that up. I feel that I need to turn a negative into a positive. I wanted to do a variety show slash burlesque. "welcome to the dungeon." yes. - Yes, okay. - And I'm gonna take their shade and get paid, okay? Um, I want it to be like everything in the room to exude sex. - I'm so excited. I'm really excited about that. - Ooh, girl, it's gonna be good. - Me and ron actually went to kandi's "a mother's love" play back in 2013, and I thought she did an amazing job. I was like, dang, kandi, you coulda called me and asked me to be in this play instead of porsha. ♪ please watch over me watch over me ♪ - I decided to ask shamari to be a part of my variety show. She can sing. She can dance. She can perform. So, I think it's gonna be big. I wanted to come over here to get some inspiration for looks and different things. - Okay. - And so, like, what type of things would you be okay with? - I feel like legs and cleavage. I just never been the type to wear, like, the booty shorts with the little cheek hanging out. Only time I'm showing my ass is for him when I back it up. Hey. - Okay, let's see. - Ooh, I could do somethin' like that. - Oh, that's your grandmama. - Oh, lord, kandi, no! [laughing] this looks really, like, tokyo-ish. - Ooh, that could be good for tokyo. - Yes, definitely. What's goin' on wit' you and porsha? You know what I'm saying? Last time I was around y'all-- - we're not really talking. - Y'all was just goin' at it and-- - I mean, I've been around her before when we weren't necessarily getting along. - Uh-huh. - And we still did okay on the trip. - Was cool. Yeah. - So, I'm not going all the way to tokyo to argue with somebody. - Right, to be arguing with somebody. Right. - Okay, I'm gonna try this on. - All right, let's get it. ♪ - whoo-hoo! Don't you look hot? Now, would your husband be okay with that? - I don't know. See, I need to call him, actually. Let me call him. - Oh, god. - And facetime him real quick just so he can see. Hey, baby. Hey. - What's happening? What you got goin' on? - Okay, kandi, can you just-- ♪ - what do you think? [laughing] - whoo! You like it, baby? So, I'm not gonna be able to wear this for this show 'cause I'm about to be wearing this tonight, baby. - No, that's good. [laughing] - all right, thank you, ron. - Okay, bye. - It's bringing out my inner sex kitten by putting on this sexy lingerie. - Look at this-- easy access. Look at that. What is she doin'? [laughing] what is that black and gold situation? - This? - That looks really dominatrixy. Oh, my god. - That's mine. - Total comes to $1,138.01. - Girl, but, hey, todd's going to be very happy. - He better be happy. - Yeah. [laughing] ♪ - hi, dr. Sherry. It's porsha. I'm outside. - Come on in. - Hi. - Hi. How are you? It's good to see you. - I'm good. You, too. - Oh, boy, it's been a while. - Yes, it has. - Come on in. - All right. - Yes, have a seat. - Okay. - How have you been doing? - I've been really good. - Good. - I really have. Like, work has been good. Relationship-wise, I'm actual-- I'm in a relationship. We-- - I see your smile. - You do? - Uh-huh. I see that glow. - No, I definitely have a glow. Yeah. - Uh-huh. - Mm-hmm. - So, how long have you been in a relationship? - Well, we've been together on and off for, like, six months and, like, really got serious the past couple months. - Okay. - And I found out not long ago that I'm pregnant. - Congratulations. [laughing] oh, my goodness. - Yes, that's-- - are you excited? - Yeah, I'm really-- I'm really-- I'm really excited. I really love dr. Sherry. She knows my history. I've gone to her a couple times with my ex-husband. - We may have our disagreements or whatever, but I promise you it lasts no more than five or ten seconds. - Is that true for you, too? - Um-- she knows where I've been in the past in my love life. - You want a baby, or you want your career? Which one do you want? - Hire a nanny. - No. You gotta check that. - Let me tell you what-what really-- - did you hear what I just said? - I heard you. I need to check it. - Okay. - She knows where I've been independently. I need to get him out of my system because I need to start livin' for me. After the blowup at todd's birthday party, I really wanted to come to therapy by myself because I wanna sort out my mentality and how I'm thinking about the relationship with dennis. You know, I think it's just the beginning of the relationship. - Mm-hmm. - You just have little stuff that comes up, growing pains. - Mm-hmm. Yeah. - And that's what brings me here today. I had gone to a friend's party. - Mm-hmm. - The young lady whose party I went to is a girl named kandi-- - mm-hmm. - Who I am cool with. Before the party, she had already been telling me about my new boyfriend's ex-girlfriend, sherry. - No relation to me, dr. Sherry. - No relation to you, not you. Anyway, she had been just kinda, like, telling me a whole bunch of stuff about the girl. - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. - And, like, trying to front my man out about 'em. And this same girl was just by happenchance invited to the party. - Oh, wow. - Anyway, long story short, she came over and approached us, and it just was not a good situation. - Mm-hmm. - The girl walked up to dennis and I, and, um, I then realized that, okay, what's going on. - Mm-hmm. - So, I'm like, "why are you over here?" - mm-hmm. - 'cause then I realized, okay, this must be the sherry girl that kandi kept telling me about that she has at the party. - Ahh. - If we're together, you can't be your ex's friend. - Right. - After the blowup at todd's birthday party, that's when dennis showed me the text messages between him and the ex. It wasn't like she was cheating with her, but we agreed to sever all ties with our exes. Now, I went cold turkey. Dennis, however, didn't exactly say, "thank you, next," right away. We are still dealing with, like, relatively new couple issues, and I'm pregnant. - So, what is the greatest fear in all this? I know it's moving fast. - Well, right before I met dennis, I had kinda given up. - Mm-hmm. - Like, on the whole, like... Of what I wanted 'cause-- - get those tissues 'cause I know we will need those tissues. - Okay, honestly, I just-- I had just-- - yeah. - I'm 37, and I had got so comfortable with porsha being alone. - Right. - That now that I am back in love, it's like wait. - Mm-hmm. - I don't wanna lose porsha, again. - Right. Do you have to? - No, but it's so natural for me, I think, because of my a-- some of the abuse that I have had in the past. - Mm-hmm. Right. - Um, that he doesn't really, really, really know about. - Mm-hmm. - That, um, I just naturally, like, get super submissive. - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. - I just naturally, like, start overprotecting him and not letting him protect me. - Mm-hmm. - And, um, it starts to change me. - Right. - Then I become the wife. I become the mother, you know, or whatever. - Mm-hmm. - And I still wanna be me, you know? - Right, and you don't wanna lose yourself. - No, 'cause I'm proud of what I've become. - Right. - I-I've been by myself. Like, it's just been hard to depend on people. - So, are you trying to push him away? - I don't know. - I know it is fast track, but I'm gonna ask you to pull the brakes. - Okay. - Slow it down a little bit. Take a deep breath before you rush into things. - Mm-hmm. - Sorta look at it from a different perspective. - Mm-hmm. - You know, if there's some insecurity and some really question marks in the back of your mind about his past-- - mm-hmm. - You gotta sit down and talk about it. - Yeah. - Just ask. - Yeah. In the beginning of my relationship with dennis, I was all for not really asking too many questions. Just enjoy the ride. Well, what school did he go to? Why didn't he get married before? Bitch, I ain't askin' none of this sh--. [chuckles] it's probably some other bitch done asked him all them questions, and she's somewhere by herself. But, at this point, hello, it's getting serious, and I need to ask some of those hard questions and build a true foundation if we're gonna have a family together. - As long as he's telling his truth, the only thing I can ask of you is to do the same thing. - I'm gonna try to listen. - Yeah. - Comin' up next... - Overall, you telling me that you had stopped being friendly, and then you were, it-- that little bit, right there, it affected our relationship. - I've got some. I'm going to bring it out right now. - All right, let me know if you need a bowl or anything. - Yes, ma'am. - Hi, you guys. Hi, trina. Hi. Brentt, will you get those bar stools out that back door? Just set 'em here for somebody to sit in. They're gonna do a tasting, babe. They gotta sit, don't they? Hi, bryson, did you forget the barber? Really? You did not. This year, gregg's birthday is super important. So, tonight's party guests are all of our children, gregg's sister, one of his doctors, and a few of gregg's personal friends. - Uh-huh. [laughing] - yeah. No, you're not. No, you're not. - No, you're not. No, you're not. - Gregg, happy birthday. - One hand, yeah. [applause] let me-- let me say this to everybody. I'm more excited to help you celebrate your birthday than I am my own, but this particular birthday took on an impactful meaning for me because my life got very, very close, and I just didn't know it. So, every holiday, every good and bad day has a meaning to me now because I don't know. Even though my god has told me I'm healed, and I have accepted it, and I believe, and know, and affirm that I am healed. - I got somethin' to say. Can I-- can I say somethin' right quick? Regardless of what's going on, what he's going through, you look around, you see your support system, your team. We're never gonna go anywhere. We're always gonna be here. So, to you, pop, happy birthday. - Happy birthday! Gregg wanted to educate the kids. It's a good thing. I hear it so much, though, that it-it-it- it does something to me. Like, I-I just need to, like, not focus on it 'cause it makes me really nervous to think that you can lose someone to cancer like that. It just really makes me nervous. - Everybody, taste something. Taste some food. - What's over here? [indistinct chatter] - tacos, everyone, tacos. Brentt, how was the bacon? It was good. That's so good. - They're bison tacos. - Bison tacos, okay. - Yes, fantastic. - So good, right? - Mmm, mmm, mmm. - All of the kids and all of the guests definitely tried something new, and they all liked it. They were quite surprised. But brentt forgot it the moment he swallowed it, okay? He moved on to mcdonald's, for real. [chuckles] whose purse is this? - Mine. - It's yours. - You can put it on the-- - ooh, lord, honey, they are wearing me out over there. - I know it. I know it. I know it. - I'll tell you, child. - I know a lot goes on when you take care of gregg. - Yeah. - And I really appreciate taking such good care of my brother. - Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's a lot. - I really do. - I will say this. You know, today, we were in the emergency room 'cause he done cut his hand. He think his whole damn hand was gonna fall off. - Well, what made him think he could go out there and do that? - I don't know. The yard guys come, and they do this stuff. So, he decided to tell the yard guy don't do it. He gonna do it. - You think that's part of being bored? He wants to see what he can do around the house to help out. - And I told him-- yeah. Well, you know, he's a guy. He wants to help out. - But he helped-- he helped real good. He helped real good. So, with all this goin' on, how you holdin' up? - Today was probably the first time I really, like, crashed. - Mm-hmm. - Because mostly I stay strong because I wanna stay strong for gregg, and I always think about brentt. Brentt is 19. - Right. - I don't wanna get, like, too upset, and he see me gettin' upset. - Mm-hmm. - So, I try to stay strong, but today, I was just like, I cannot. Like, this is too much for me. He is definitely a grouch. I know that gregg is the one with the disease, and he's the one going through it, but I'm so close to him. He's put all the pressure on me. I'm wore out like a freaking car tire, girl. I'm wore out, child. It's a lot. - A lotta people don't realize the caretaker. You have to go through a lot, too. - A lot. When I tell you a lot, I-I'll just be like, "gregg, please stop." then, when he comes home from the doctor, he usually is not in a good mood. - Mm-hmm. - He's usually short and snappy. - Mm-hmm. - Only because he wanna hear, like, something good, you know, like, a good result or somethin'. - Right. - They may say, "oh, they're inc-increasing "a little bit," and gregg is just like, "I'm doing everything y'all tell me to do." - mm-hmm. - I'm like, well, gregg, it's not, like, overnight. You know what I'm saying? You gotta-- - right. So, you gotta console him and keep yourself up. - Yeah, and so, as soon as he come in the house-- yeah. - Yeah. - He come in the house, and I say somethin', and he'd be like, "well, he sd this! Ga-ga-ga-ga-ga." and I'm just like, oh, my god. I hold a lot of things in, and I kinda hold them in, and hold them in, and hold them in, and hold 'em, and then I sorta, like, explode. Like, I know that's something I need to work on. And, you know, if you're thinking I'm holding them up, at some point, I need somebody to come hold me up for a second here. - I know that you have a lot on your plate but thank you so much for taking care of him. - Yes, you really don't have to worry. We have done everything to make gregg have a full recovery. - Great. - Coming up next... - So, you didn't do nothin' wrong? - I didn't do nothin' wrong. - You didn't? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ the unknown beyond the horizon. That was once our frontier. But today, a new frontier has risen. And this is the vehicle crafted to conquer it. Introducing the first-of-its-kind lexus ux and ux f sport, also available in hybrid all-wheel drive. Experience amazing at your lexus dealer. [heavy breathing, running footsteps, and siren sound] you're talking about a first generation american from the streets of the imperial valley who rose to beat the odds. She worked nights and weekends till she earned herself a master's degree. She was running in a marathon when a man behind her collapsed from cardiac arrest. And using her experience saved this man's life. So why do I think there should be more people like carmen bravo in this world? Because that man... Was me. (vo) for a nasty cold, ♪ - yo, p.! - I'm in the room! - Yo, I brought you a pickle. - Thank you, daddy. - What's up? ♪ how was your day? - It was good. - Yeah? - I'm so glad you brought a pickle. Oh, my god. - Right. Excellent. Up here wit' you. - Baby, you know I love when you have all fresh cut. - Let me hear if somethin' going on in there. [laughing] mm-hmm. - Your glasses is foggin' up. - Hot as hell in here. - I mean, your eyeballs be gettin' hot. You know, I had that dinner the other night. Um, tanya's house-- she had, like, this, um, asian themed dinner or whatever, and it started out a little rocky, but it ended up bein' all right. - Why was it rocky? ♪ - man, so-- - all right, go ahead. - Okay, soon as I get there, kandi was, like, going in. She huffin' and puffin'. She had already explained, you know, that I had been fighting or whatever I had been doing at her party to all the girls. It-it just keeps going back to, like, wherever it started with her talking crap about you and then turning into stuff at the party and with the ex and all that. It's just, like, haunting me, like, and it won't die. Anyway, so, I decided to go to talk to a therapist. I don't know. It was good. - So, what'd y'all talk about? - We just talked about everything. I kinda, like, told her some of the communication things that we had been talking about. You know, like, just feeling like we have some issues here, lately. I just feel like I cut off who I was talking to, you know, and then, you know, you were supposed to really cut off who you were talking to. [chuckles] - but what? - But you didn't, so you were still being friendly. - That's not-- that's not true. - Huh? - I was totally innocent. You saw the text message. - So, you didn't do nothin' wrong? - I didn't do nothin' wrong. - You didn't? Just say, "I shouldn't have answered the text messages," and I would probably be done with it. But, right now, the hormones need to hear you say that. - That was a very insignificant conversation and didn't mean nothin'. - So, just say that, "yes, I continued "an insignificant conversation." I need to hear you say that because you're almost, like, saying, "it was nothing. "I didn't. She was texting me." it's like-- it almost makes it everybody else's fault but yours. Overall, you telling me that you had stopped being friendly, and then you were, it-- that little bit, right there, kinda nicked at the trust that I have. The bigger thing is this. Let me explain from the beginning, okay? This is probably why it's even affecting me more than it would. In my last relationship, I became, like, the face of, like, a great marriage. You know what I'm sayin'? Like, I had all these issues, and I would cover it up, and I would literally, like, fight to make people understand that it's not what they thought. It's perfect. We're all good when, in reality, we just weren't. And so, I feel like with you not owning some of this with me, I'm starting to put that mask back on. You know, "I completely trust him. "we're all perfect," when really these small things like this, if you don't own it with me, and we're not in it together, it's as if I'm, like, out here just-- - you said people text you, too. - I didn't respond. All right. - Right. - Honey, I just want you to own a little piece of it. That's it. - I agree. I agree. I'm sorry. - That's it. It's just that piece. - I agree. I don't-- I-I apologize. - What'd you even apologize for? - I shoulda, um, probably realized she was probably trying to be messy because of third parties that you may have issues with, you know? So, that was my fault. I apologize. - Little stuff like that, like, it shakes our boat because we don't have a lot of foundation. - It shouldn't shake our boat, though, because that's- that's super petty. - But it's-- but it makes me go back into a character that I have played before in a relationship. I wanna be porsha. I wanna be up front. I wanna be able to talk to you. I want us to be able to be real. You know what I'm sayin'? [sighs] we're on the same page, porsha. - Next time, "the real housewives of atlanta" take tokyo. Welcome to tokyo! [cheering] ♪ - I love it. - It's so cute. - It's so cute. - Tokyo, I love you. [cheering] ♪ - it's your bachelorette! [screaming] - oh, my god. - Throw me on blast in front of everybody. I thought we were friends. You could never model. - Uh-oh. Marlo done got up-- oh, no. Uh-oh! - Don't do that. Marlo. - I'm just thankful to have dennis because he's brought new life into my life. - Well, let me say this. ♪ - my mama said that... - I almost feel like maybe we're gonna be breaking up. It sucks. - No, no. - Whoa! Why are you wishing I'm marrying someone else? - Girl, I'm not wishing a mother----ing thing. I don't give a (bleep). - For more information on "the real housewives," - Previously on the "married to medicine reunion"... Quad, come clean, do you still have the sex drawer? - Hell, yeah, I have a sex drawer! - Toya has a 2-story sex closet. - Oh. I'm about to school y'all. - [ laughs ] - her husband hit on miss lucy? - Yeah, he did. - If damon want miss lucy, I give up! - What's up? - There he is! - Oh, there he is. - What's with that? - What's going on, man? - I mean, the reason I'm here is because she's going to defend her position on being completely innocent and I'm this cheater, and that's not right. - Any man, if he's in a marriage and he's not getting what he wants, is probably gonna stray. - Well, damn. - Did you leave the reunion last year thinking your marriage could be saved? - Yeah, I did. - Greg, you and quad are gonna sit down together and talk this out. Part three of the "married to medicine reunion" starts now. ♪ - stand by. - We are back with quad and greg. Thanks for joining me here. The two of you haven't spoken since June. - No. - How does it feel to be face to face? - [ sighs ] obviously, there's a lot of emotions right now. And so, a lot of pain, a lot of hurt. - How about for you? - Well, I mean it's good to see you. You look wonderful. - Thank you for the compliment. You look nice, too. - Thank you. - Quad, what was it like listening to greg backstage? - It's good to hear the pleasantries because it hasn't been like that. You know, there's been-- it's been very nasty. He did a radio interview and was very-- [ sighs ] I couldn't even believe that you would go to the radio and then say some of the things that you said, 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 