The Real Housewives of Atlanta: Season 12, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 s12e17 - Episode #12.17 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta (2008–…): Season 12, Episode 17 - Episode #12.17 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously, on "The Real - Previously, on "The Real Housewives of Atlanta"... - We are going to... - Athens, Greece. - Yay, Kandi and Kenya! - Kenya and I, she treats me like sh--. - Of course, I'm not going to invite NeNe. She has tried to fight me. Cursed me out. - Tried to fight you? - Yes. You shut the up, bitch. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You shut the up, bitch! - NeNe was nice to me the first time I met all of you. I don't have a problem with the woman. - You're supposed to have your wife's back, not NeNe's back. - You saw signs? - If I even said to you what they are, you'd be, like, mortified. - Kenya, we just decided we're gonna put all that to the side, ma'am. - I just-- I'm listening to what you guys are saying. I'm responding to what-- - Ken, let's reign it in. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Wait, who's Ken? ♪♪♪ - I know that Kenya is upset. Maybe it's because she's just dealing with this man who doesn't even have enough respect to even acknowledge her. - I was "Gone with the Wind," but now I'm back and twice as fabulous. - I'm livin' my dream, not above my means. - This Phoenix has risen, and I'm sayin', "Bye, ashes." - The only time that I look back, is to see how far I've come. - Don't check for me unless you got a check for me. - I'm on a spiritual journey and still traveling first class. ♪♪♪ ♪ I saw wave comin' big tsunami ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ code is sent for do you copy ♪ ♪ time is simple beat the game like Rocky ♪ ♪ they hate - I am so excited to go to Greece. - Do you want the red set, or do you want the brown set? This is heavy. You could have a whole human being up in this thing. - If you don't take these out of these country, where you supposed to take 'em to? - It's supposed to stay in your closet or use 'em as a nightstand or somethin'. This is too ridiculous. - Well, okay. Well, I'm gonna pack 'em, and we'll see. So, look. So, I'm up here-- Oh, my gosh, mommy. - Oh, my God! - Should I text her? - Okay. ♪♪♪ - Lizzie! - Yes. - Did you see this? - What? - "Kenya Moore's explosive breakup with hubby, "Marc Daly." Oh, my God. They announced they're getting a divorce! ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ I gotta call Cynthia. ♪♪♪ - Hey. - So, have you been looking at the blogs? I've been getting some of your texts this morning. I'm like, you guys, I don't-- I'm not into it, you know? - You got texts that what, now? - Kenya and Marc is gettin' a divorce. I'm like, I don't know, 'cause she don't talk to me. - Wait, they're saying that in the blogs? - Her statement says, "I can no longer be in this marriage." - Wow. Kenya Moore was just at a gorgeous event last night. This has been less than 48 hours. - Yes, less than 48 hours. They were just there together. I actually thought her dress was pretty. - No, her dress was cute. I didn't know if it was real Dolce or not, but-- - I thought it was Dolce, but I don't know. I don't really care if Kenya and Marc split up, stay together, or whatever, but were they ever together, for real, for real, legally? - Oh, let me call Kandi, girl, to see if she'll tell me. You know she probably ain't gonna tell me nothin'. - Yeah, you know Kandi know, baby. Better call her, now. - I feel bad for her, but I ain't gonna lie, like, I still wanna know the tea. I still wanna know the tea. - Okay, well, I'm gonna just-- you know, my name is Bennett, and I ain't in it. ♪♪♪ - Hey, girl. Give me a hug. - This has been crazy. - Yeah. - Hmm. - Yeah. - Have you talked to her? - Uh, I have talked to her. - Yeah. - Um-- - I talked to her right before it came out. Like, I knew it was happening, but I didn't-- - Right, right. - After the charity event, Marc and Kenya had a serious argument, but I don't necessarily think I'm supposed to be the one to share that information. We'll just say that it got really bad in that car. And I told her then, I was like, "You know, if you go forward "with puttin' out a statement, "you know everybody is gonna be talkin' about this." - But, you know, Kenya is very private. She's very private, especially about her personal life. - She is. - So, if she was willing to share the things that she did share with us-- - Mm-hmm. - Things that she shared with me-- - Right. - I'm like, pfft, you're better than me. - I'll be-- - I would've been gone. - Exactly. - Like, I ain't even lyin'. - Exactly. - I would've left, girl, Brooklyn and all. - Exactly. - I would've been gone. It's not worth it. I know what family means to her, but I think that she has definitely taken things, accepted things, that I don't think she would've normally have accepted had Brooklyn not been in the picture. - I texted her earlier. She said she was gonna call me back. But, she didn't so... - Oh, she wants us to come on in. - Here I am. - Right, here we is. - Showin' up. ♪♪♪ - Knock-knock. Hello? - I'm up here. Hey. - Aww, hi, Kenya. - Hey. - We had to come over here and check on you since you weren't really answering the phone. My gosh. - Please sit down. ♪♪♪ - How you holdin' up? - Just confused. Just... I don't know what I should be doing with myself, right now. Um-- - I know this is hard. I know you guys were having some issues. I know you shared a lot with both Kandi and I, but I did not-- I mean, I had no idea that it was-- well, I didn't know anything about the statements until I read them. - He kind of, like, forced my hand with that. - What happened? - I went to sleep. My publicist calls me. "What's goin' on?" I'm like, "What do you mean, what's goin' on?" "Well, I just got a phone call "that you and Marc are separating, "and he's gonna make a statement later today." - So, after he made his statement, then you made a statement. You made your statement after him. - He forced my hand with that. It's just, you know, everything just happened so fast. So, we went to the event, and he just seemed just very irritated the whole time we were there, and not loving, not being nice to me. He was just, like, sayin' little things under his breath, and it-it just seemed like everything I was doing was, like, an issue. I have a couple of options for your tie. - It's a little busy but okay. - You just told me this morning. I didn't know I had to dress you. - I told you three days ago. - No, you didn't. I'll be right back. - Why don't you stay, babe? Okay, but no. - No? And then I don't know what happened, but he ended up getting in the Uber, and we took off, and then he was just, like, livid. He was like, "I didn't even want you to come." - Oh, my God. - Are you kidding me? - He did not say that, Kenya. - Yes, he did. Somehow, I ruined his night. Every time he gets mad, he goes in. He goes for my throat. - Okay. - It's like he can't stop until he feels like he is just completely destroying me. - Were you afraid of him at that point? - I've seen him angry before. I've never seen him angry like that where we're that close to each other. - Mm-hmm. - The Uber driver asked him to get out of the car. - The Uber kicked him out of the car, Kenya? - He asked him to leave because he started-- - It was that crazy? - He was very-- it-it got really outta hand, and I told him you-- he can't come back here. You know, just go. I have issues with people or men being aggressive. I have, in my past, had a very physically abusive relationship. So, even though Marc has never hit me, I always flash back to that abusive relationship. - In your heart of hearts, I know this is-- I know you're still processing, and I know this is probably a really hard question to answer. Do you wanna divorce Marc and just move on? ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - In your heart of hearts, do you wanna divorce Marc and just move on? - I don't want a divorce, but-- - What is your intuition telling you? - My instincts say he's doin' somethin' else because I look around, and I see these text messages, whatever. One of the women was begging him to keep the sex going even though that-that-that he married. - Girl. - Are you serious? - Yes. - Stop. - That woman, he still communicates with after I told him... this is inappropriate. I think I missed a lot of red flags. I think when you're excited, and you're in love, and you feel hopeful, you ignore the red flags. She was like, "You know, you make me feel "this way, that way. Is there any way we could keep this going?" The last few weeks have taught me you can't believe who someone says they are. You have to believe who someone shows you that they are. You are-- that's a slippery slope. - So, he knows that you saw the messages? - They're just my friends. I don't-- Yes, he knows. I told him. - Oh, you told him. - Yes, I called a bitch, too. - Oh, you called her? - Yes, which I regret that I did, but I call-- - Well, what did you say? - I said, "You wanna"-- she answered the phone. I said, "You might wanna take me off the speakerphone. "This is Mrs. Marc Daly." - Oh, my God. - And she picked up the mother----in' phone. - Oh, my God. - And I proceeded to let her know if she came anywhere else near my husband, I know where she lives. - Where-- she's in New York, this woman? - Yes, yes, and so then we had this big blowout, and I'm just like I-- the-- what did I marry? Like, what is goin' on here? - Wait, wait. Oh, my God. - We have talked about separating, and Marc was like, "I was wrong for that. I'm sorry." And I just said, "Okay." I know, you know-- That was your one up. - That was your one mess up. - If my man was texting with some chick, and it was mentioned of sex in the text, ha-ha. I don't know if it's divorce bad, but it's bad. - When you cross the line that he crossed the other night, I've been through too much in my life to accept that, just sit here and be, uh, you know, in turmoil all the time or unhappy and crying. - Oh, don't do that. - Definitely not. - Definitely not. I can't. - You cannot, you cannot let him take your joy. - And I just feel like I have to honestly, like, look at my daughter's face and just be like, if you don't do nothin' else in your life, you're gonna look back at your mom and go, "You know what, Mom? "I respect you because you did the right thing. "You did not stand for somebody "treating you a certain way." It's real-- it's really ----in' hard. Oh, my God. - Oh, man. ♪♪♪ - I do not like seein' my friend, Kenya, in pain like this. I just hope she realizes that Marc may not be the one for her sooner than later because, trust me, I know firsthand that once you commit to those years, those are-- that's time you just can't get back. - I don't think I can do the trip. No, no, no. Don't worry. Don't-- look, we've all been through stuff. - Everybody has been through stuff. - Like, seriously. - But I-- those girls, it's like they hate me, and they just wanna see me fail, and, like, I just feel like they're just waiting to, like, laugh in my face. I don't feel like it's just the best time. - You guys put this trip together. It's not gonna be the same if you don't come. Just think about it, Kenya. - Yeah, I would think about it. - I'll think about it. ♪ I've been going hard for a long time ♪ ♪ I've been going through it on my own ♪ ♪ tonight will be the night that I break ♪ ♪♪♪ - Alrighty. Thank you so much. - Are you ready to go to Greece? Are you ready to go to Greece? Cynthia! - Hi! - Hey, girl. Ooh, yes, honey. - Hi. - You got a smile? - Hey. Are you takin' her? - Yeah, she's coming with us. Ahh! - Yes, honey, get into it. PJ is a part of the jet settin' crew. As soon as Kenya told me about the trip-- she's goin' to Greece, honey. - Oh, my God. Are you going to Greece? - I bought PJ a ticket. I bought my mom a ticket. You know, I really feel blessed to be able to take PJ and have her have these type of experiences. ♪♪♪ - Hi. - I thought I was trying to be comfortable. I-I was, chile. Hi. - Hi. - Hi, girl. - Mommy. - Hi. - Cynthia, this-- - Oh, wait a minute, you're comin'. - Yes. - Oh, my goodness. - Hey, Miss Diane. How are you? Dennis, Dennis. Hey, Dennis. - You do not have this one. - Alright, you got it... my fault. Go...Superman. Look at your shirt. - That's why you ain't goin'. - Now, y'all got muscles now. - All right, y'all. Safe traveling, y'all. - Thank you. - All right, Todd. - All right. - Bye. - Bye, Todd. - I called you the other day, and you didn't answer me. - I was like, she's calling me about if Kenya is gettin' divorced and if the blogs are telling the truth. - I mean, is it true? - Um, they are going through some things, definitely. Right now, I'm wondering if she's gonna still come on this trip. - That's crazy. - She ain't answering her phone, which concerns me, but if she does come on this trip, let's try to not talk all about the divorce, if we can help it. - Oh, I'll probably won't be able to help that. - Clearly, Marlo already knows that her and Kenya are not in the best place. So, honey, keep your mouth shut, okay? - I mean, I wanna know what's going on. - Well, just be sensitive to the situation. - Nobody cares that you wanna be happy in somebody else's grief, but I need you to chill out, right now. - I think she will talk about it, like, when she feels comfortable. - Right. - Like, if we're having a moment, I think she will. - She just feels like not everybody, but some people, are really gonna be using it to go in on her. - Well, she should've thought, too, about how she brought a woman in front of Tanya, so this is gonna give her a good wake up call. Wake up. Karma is a bitch. I can tell you that. Kenya is so busy trying to be up in Tanya's and Paul's business, and, damn... now her and her husband done separated. - All right, can we get out of this heat? - You gonna be with Marlo, huh? - Marlo, who's keeping the boys? - Oh, okay. - Well, hello! - Oh, we match. - Ahh, ahh, ahh. Yes, we do. She's over there. - Opa! - Yes! - Oh, wait. - Hi, Paul. How are you? - What's up? I'm great. How are you doing? - We missed you the other night at the charity event. - Yeah, one of my friends and his foundation was having a dinner. - Oh, okay. - Opa! - There she is. - I have never been to Greece. I just wanna break plates. Ha! - Let me call Kenya. Girl, I think it's time to board the plane. ♪♪♪ - Hi. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - Yay! This is your first time here, too, right? - Yeah, I don't even know how to say hello. I don't either. - Okay, guys, I'll see y'all soon. I have to say I just thank God to be able to take my baby on her first international trip on a place like Greece. My actual dream vacation is her first trip. How amazing. Oh, this thing kinda tight. It's a little tight, honey. I wanna go ride with my baby. - I thought they went on the other side. Their vehicle all nice and big. Hold up. Is that Kenya? - Oh, sh--. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - Hold up. Is that Kenya? - Oh, sh--. - So, you missed the flight. - Uh, yes, I could not get myself together, and I actually was, like, just not gonna go. - You had everybody worried. - Really? - Yeah, because people were kinda like, well, is she comin'? - I was just trying to figure it out, and then, like, okay. I can do this. I wasn't going to come. I did not want to be asked questions about my marriage. I just got a pep talk, so I was like, okay. But eventually, I reminded myself that I have the love of my life by my side. So, I booked Brooklyn, myself, and the nanny a direct flight. So, I arrived actually at the same time as everyone else. Surprise, I guess. Well, let's just talk about us being here. So, of course, we picked the villa. Nakita the nanny and Brooklyn will be staying at a separate hotel because there's really no place for them to stay. So, I won't be seeing as much as her as I wanted to. We're here, and I'm gonna try to make the best of it. - Make the best of it. - Yeah. - And we're gonna have a good time. - Okay. - I'm so glad Kenya made it to Greece. Now, she coulda gave me a little heads up and let me know she was definitely gonna make it, but it's cool. She probably is just, you know, worried how the girls are gonna treat her, you know, 'cause she know they're gonna be shady, which they probably are. Excuse me. - I made it, guys. - Whoo! - Yes. - Whoo-hoo. - We made it. - Yeah, we're in Greece. - We made it. - How are we not gonna ask Kenya about her divorce? If it was anyone else's divorce, Kenya would ask. - We made it! - Are y'all ready? - Whoo! - Yes. - I'm ready to party. - Marlo... You're not giving me "ready." - I'm ready. To eat and party. - To eat and party. - Oh, will you look at the sea, everyone? - Oh, the sea, this is beautiful. - Wow, I just can't wait for this view. - What's the deal with the room situation? How we doin' these rooms? - Oh, the rooms, you know it's a shady component. - Oh, no. - Why is there always a room situation? Like, just give us a nice room and let that be that. We always gotta, like, fight. So, let me ask you. Is there a lotta rooms? Enough rooms for the girls, or-- - Someone will have to share. - Okay, wait. If I have to share a room, I will gladly go to a hotel. - I just wanna be exempt from the shared room because I'm really feeling like I need privacy this trip. - Why? - Because Mike and I always Facetime. We're Facetiming and-- - Oh, my God. Are you gonna be playing wit' yourself? - We'll hear her-- we'll hear her moaning. - You had it lucky for having your man in the bed wit' you every night. - Who does that? - Everybody's man don't live in town. - That's true. - I gotta do what I gotta do. - Does he see you doing you? - Oh, my God. I'll share a room, but. ♪♪♪ - Oh, guys, this looks beautiful. ♪♪♪ - Hi. - Hello! Hi! - Hello. - Hi. Oh, thank you. - Welcome. - Yay! - All right. - Let's check it out. ♪♪♪ - Whoo! ♪♪♪ - Yes! - Hey, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. - Oh, there's another cat. There's two cats, y'all. - I'm scared of them, honey. - There's too many cats out here. - Who knew so much pussy in Greece? Ooh, it's a good thing I didn't bring Dennis. There's pussy everywhere in Greece. Pussy to my left. Pussy to my right. - Cats are just sneaky like a lot of these girls. - Come on, guys. Let's go check out the beach. - Ooh! - It's so good. - It's beautiful. - Let's make our way inside. - Oh, how cute is this? - This is so nice. - Oh, I love it. - Oh! - Gorgeous. This is so nice. - Oh, I love that. - So, we go upstairs. - Oh, my room. - Wow. - Oh, my. - If there was Apple TV, you could Facetime on that. - What? - If that doesn't get you off, I don't know what will. - Yeah. - Like, literally. - Can you open the window? - Let's open the window and give it a good. - No, no, no. It's a-- - Never mind. It's a brick wall. Really dismal. - Look how nice this one is, guys. - Oh, I want it. - Is gonna share the same view. - I like this. - This is cute. - Guest house interconnecting. - But, as you can see, it's two separate bedrooms. - Oh, this is great. - So, we're gonna go upstairs. They're all great rooms. - So, Marlo says she'll sleep out here. - You can spread out all over. - Have a seat, ladies. - Yes. I love out-- sittin' outside. - This is nice. - Okay. - So, ladies, we are very happy that you guys love the villa that we selected for you, but we're the hosts, and we're gonna get the top two rooms. So, we thought of a few fun and interesting ways that you ladies can compete for your rooms. - Kenya is going through these issues with her husband, but she's still being shady 1000. I miss the times where we just ran around and whoever laid their ass on the bed first, that was your bed. - Oh, Lord. - Coming up next... - You and Kenya have had all this whatever. - Okay, she's right. I'm wrong. I ----ed her man and stole her baby. - What? - Okay, so, good night, honey. ♪♪♪ - We're the hosts, so we're gonna get the top two rooms, but we thought of a few fun and interesting ways that you ladies can compete for your rooms. - Who wants to be the first tribute? - The way you scream-- - This is the "Hunger Games." - You gotta-- - Oh, Lord. - What I gotta do? - Okay, fine, whatever. Let's go. I'm ready. - Okay, are y'all ready? - Yeah. - This first one is Kandi's idea. It's a mystery win. So, I'm just gonna put it out there, whoever wants to volunteer first. - Me! - You wanna volunteer. You don't know what it is. - No. What is it? - You just have to do the dishes tonight. - Punked! - So, you have the third best room. - Thank you. - So, which room are you gonna pick? - Okay, I'm going to be choosing the teddy bear room. - Ahh! - Okay, so... our next chal-lange is, whoever can take their makeup off, including lashes, wins. - I can do it. - You gotta take off-- - All your makeup and your lashes. This is hard! - Here's one. - NeNe got this. - Here's two. - No, I wanna look cute for tonight. - Well, NeNe has the second-best choice. - Bye, bitches. - NeNe, which room did you want? - If Cynthia is gonna get the bear, I'm gonna get the other one. - Oh, my gosh, this is vicious! - This is not vicious. - I'm the one who really wanted to come here. - All right. - Dun-da-dun-dun. - Dun-da-dun-dun. - I'll do it. - I'll eat anything. No, I'm eatin' it. I'm eatin' it. Uh-uh. - Hold on. Wait, hold on. - Okay, there is different items in each bowl. We want you to eat one piece of each thing in each bowl. - We've got raw octopus, smelly sardines. These girls are in for a treat... or a trick. Okay, ready, set, go. - Set, go. - Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Oh, what is that? Oh, it's a cat! - Swallow, swallow, swallow. - Swallow. Eat. Eww! - Marlo. - Marlo is still in the game. Uh-uh. - No, Tanya is done. - Swallow, swallow. - Okay, y'all, that's good. - Tanya won. - Tanya, oh. - How in the? Who won, man? - She swallowed first. She won. - I ate it all. - Tanya, which one did you want? - I just do not want the room with no window. Let's open the window and give it a good-- - No, no, no, it's a-- - It's a brick wall. I would like the room in the guest house, one of them. Now, here's a twist. - If someone wants to jump in the pool-- - In the pool, right now. - Whoever goes and jumps in the pool can take somebody else's room. - They get to take a room! - No! - Girl, you crazy! - Porsha! - Porsha is crazy. Thank god your ass ain't got no lace... - I'm a whale, bitch, but I got a good room. - Oh, my God! - Damn, Porsha is crazy. - Opa! - Opa! We're in Greece, bitches! When they said, "The first person that jumps in that pool," I was like, bing. I got this good Go Naked Hair in, and I'm not worried at all, honey. It gets better as it gets wet and moist. I'm talkin' about my hair. ♪♪♪ - Don't want the room with no window. - Marlo is left. - Yeah. - So, what you want? Do you want the small guest house room or the one with no window? - I'll pick the smallest one in the guest house. - So, I am gonna take-- - No! - I'm not gonna choose your room just 'cause you were brave. Here. - She's taking your room, Tanya. - You can read my mind. I was trying to-- - She messed it up, though. - I don't need a hug. I don't want a hug. - Why would you take the biggest room in the-- - In hindsight, I probably should've just wiped off my glam face and gotten a room. Big mistake, huge. - All right, ladies. Um, we wanted to do a nice dinner for everybody, right here, at 8:00. - Oh, love it. - So, I know that's not a lotta time. So, if everybody could get their bags, take 'em to your room, and get cute. - All right, let's go. - All right, let's go. - All right. - The point of the trip is for us all to spend time together. You know, this is what a sisterhood is all about even if it's a dysfunctional one. - Whoo! - This is a very fragile moment for Kenya. I mean, Kenya has a tough skin. But if anybody can break through it, it is NeNe. So, I think this is a great opportunity for me to try to put NeNe and Kenya together because I really felt like NeNe would have some really good advice for her. - All good smelling. I absolutely think the villa is beautiful, and I'm okay with Cynthia being my neighbor. You know, I've known her for a long time, so I know how she moves, and she knows how I move, so I-I'm sure was okay with me, and I'm-I'm-I'm definitely okay with her 'cause I know how she gets down. - So nice. Let me call mama and see if she got her stuff. - I'm gonna decorate and make it cute. - Well, all right. ♪♪♪ This is gorgeous. Yeah. - Welcome to Athens. We did good. - Yeah, we did. We did real good. Like, whoo. - I love it. - Coming up next... - I would like NeNe and Kenya to stay a little later in fellowship. - I'm fine with fellowshipping. - No. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Come in! The door is open! - Howdy, neighbor. - Hi. - Hi. - Neighbor. - It wasn't too long ago that NeNe would probably have chosen to sleep outside with cats and snakes as opposed to next to me. - Oh, you're dressed up, honey. Where you goin'? - But that just goes to show you hell can freeze over, honey, even in Greece. - So, how you doin'? How is Noelle? - She's good. She's out in L.A. She's trying to figure out what she wants to do. So, I'm gonna have to let her go. - You know, let her grow up. - Yeah. - It's okay. - Like, I had a-a tracker on her and everything. I'm taking it off. - Smart girl. - Um, I have put certain people in situations to kind of make sure, you know, relationships, you know, blossom or whatever. - Yes, yes, yes. - And, you know, um-- - What? - You may know that Kenya is kinda going through a challenging time, right now. - Yeah. - So, like, I feel like you're one of the ladies in the group that's kinda been married the longest. - Yeah. Still standing, chile. - Praise God. - Still standing. We are. - I felt like this could be an opportunity for you to maybe offer a golden nugget or, you know, a-- - I need to really-- I-- well, I'll have to find one up under this blonde wig, honey. - You got a-a nugget laying around here somewhere? - Let me see if I got one layin' up in here somewhere, honey, that I can pull out, honey. Let me see if anything-- yeah. -o, and-and regardless of where you guys are at, right now-- - Yeah. - I think, if it hits your spirit to, um, offer some words, that would be good. - Oh, you know, without question. This is a woman that's breaking up in a relationship, and if I have anything good to say, I need to say it. So, if I offer up any advice, please receive it because it's coming from a good place. I don't have to like you to genuinely be concerned. - Okay. - You know, 'cause I know what that is. - Yeah. - And I don't dislike her 'cause I've actually tried to talk to her several times. - Right, and I know that, and that's one of the things that you brought up to me. - And it's true, Mm-hmm. - And I was like, you know what? This may be the right time to kinda, like, you know-- - Yeah, try to bridge the gap. Yeah. ♪♪♪ - Uh, did I get up and lose my chair? Oh, that means I get to sit beside you. - Grape leaves. - Grape leaves. - Yeah. - Hi, girls. - Wait, that tasted so good! - Slow down. You look so pretty. I wanna enjoy this dress. - Oh, she brought a wine opener! - Where's Kenya? - Late. - Hi. - Hi. - You think she-- you think she's gonna be out the rest of the night? No, no, you don't have to do that. - Kenya is going through a situation we all know of, and it's like an elephant is in the room. So, I just feel like we're all talkin' about it, and it's just gettin' swept under the rug. Like, is she okay? I mean, like, this is your friend-friend. So, is she okay, or do you think she's gonna jump in there, in the pool? - Okay, I get it. You're trying to be supportive. You're trying to show love. But, honey, you're doin' too much. - Opa. - Hey. - You look pretty. That coral is gorgeous. - Oh, yes. - Yeah. - Yes, there you go. - She needed it for her honey, seriously. - That's how you show up, diva. Girl, you look so pretty. - Kenya, do you still have your doggies, Twirl and King, honey? - I'm sorry? - Do you still have your doggies? - I do. - Yeah. - Yeah, I do. - Yeah. - It's harder with the baby. - Oh, yeah. - With the baby, um, Brooklyn loves them. It does help to have the love and support of-of my circle, but that love and support has to be genuine. So, why don't we start dinner, guys? - Yes, let's start dinner. - Yes. - Yeah. - Cynthia, Kandi, they are my riders. These other girls, I just feel like they'll stab me in the back whenever is convenient for them. - This is gorgeous how it spins around. - It's so pretty. - This is good but it's terrible for my diet. - What do you have to do, Kandi? - Your diet for what? - You know, I got a, um, tape the shot and then the role. - Right. - Oh, the TV show. - Yeah, the TV show. So, I got a small part on that. - Wow! - Lena is gonna be great. She's gonna break you in on scene one. - Why you trying to get snatched? - 'Cause I have some nude scenes to do. What? Nude? Sex scenes? - A sex scene? - The role that I initially auditioned for was a lesbian role, and I would've had to have a sex scene with a woman in the show, right? - So, female, African American, Dre, she's no nonsense, soft stud, born and raised on the South Side. I mean, that ain't gonna be hard. - What? So, things changed, and now I got the role of a woman who is married to one of the gangster characters on the show, but he is a man. He's not a woman. I play the wife of this guy. He's running for mayor. So, he and I have scenes together. - What is Todd saying about it? - That was my question. - Well, it's just a little bit more for him to put his-- wrap his brain around. - I wanna take one moment out, you guys. I feel so happy sittin' over here with all of us laughing and smilin'. - Yes, God. - I wanna do a toast, right now, to two of the most amazing, beautiful hosts. To Kandi and Kenya. - I'll drink to that. - I'll drink to that. - Thank you. - Well, thank you. - Love you guys. - Hey, you guys. - I wanted to say "opa" in, uh, Greece. - Opa or cheers. - Opa. - Opa. - Don't break the glass. - Now, break the glass. - Kenya, I know that you and I aren't the closest, and that's fine, but I want you to know that obviously we all heard what's happened to you, and I've been through a divorce, Cynthia and Porsha. Genuinely saying that I would really want to know if you're okay. - And I can definitely second that. - I'll say this 'cause, you know, I know you guys saw certain things. - Yeah. - Um, I actually really appreciate the fact that Cynthia and Kandi, um, both came over and checked on me. And, Porsha, I really do appreciate that you reached out to me. And I appreciate you being nice to me, also, and Marlo. Um, I didn't think I would be sitting here, you know, thinking about divorcing somebody that I fell so hard for. And especially because when Brooklyn came, we were just-- we were just so happy. - I would never wish this on anyone. I hope they can work it out. But, at the same time, a lot of what she did to me makes sense. - I know he doesn't really want a divorce. I don't really want to, but I don't know if there's a way out. ♪♪♪ - I know he doesn't - I know he doesn't really want a divorce. I don't really want to, but I don't know if there's a way out. - I know this is hard for-for Kenya. - You're gonna be okay. - Well, I want you guys to have a good time. I don't want this to overshadow anything. I almost didn't come. - Oh, not at all. - Let's just make this be hot girls' summer, like, from moving forward. - Yes. - Hot girl summer. - Hot girl summer. Let's just enjoy being here in beautiful Greece. - That's right. - Praise God. - Oh, God. - Cheers. - This is gonna be three drinks. - Okay, let's see your glass, now. Just keep it up 'til you can't drink anymore. - Okay. - Turn up. - Oh, my. Well, wow, she just drunk it all. You did that, Kandi. - Woot-woot-woot. - I have to actually get up and do the dishes. In celebration of my fabulous room that I have. - We are having a sisterhood night, but I won't be helping you with that. - However-however, uh, in the spirit of sisterhood-- - That's where the sisterhood stop, no. - I would like Porsha, Tanya, Kandi, and Marlo-- - No, not having it. - To join me. - We're not in your room. - You can keep me company, and I would like NeNe and Kenya to stay a little later in fellowship. - Okay, well, I'm going to sleep. - Me and my bottle is out. Love y'all, ladies. - I'm fine with fellowshipping. - No. - Kenya snubbed me at the table twice. - I actually really appreciate that Cynthia, Kandi, and Porsha. And I appreciate you, too, and Marlo. Um... - She thought that she would get under my skin. You didn't get under my skin, girl. She's really a sad woman because it takes nothin' to say, "Thank you for at least trying." - Kenya, fellowship, you and NeNe. - I gotta go check on-- I gotta go check on Brooklyn. - Now, this isn't sisterhood. Now, this is when it bothers me. - What? - 'Cause NeNe just said she's willing to fellowship and talk with Kenya one on one. That's ----ed up, Cynthia. - Also, thanked all of you guys and didn't thank me, and I heard that, but that was fine because what I was saying was for real. - Right. - Right, it was. - It was. - It was. I appreciate that. - Okay. I put all of our drama aside, and as a married woman and a woman who has been through things in her marriage, I wanted to just really give her real advice. Kenya. Be clear. Kenya and her bad skin, okay? - Why didn't you at least have a little bit of fellowship after all that sweetness that just happened? - No, because I'm-I'm dealing with my own stuff. My mind is so bogged down with everything that I'm going through. I don't-- I can't add another layer to it, right now. The stuff with her, I don't wanna address that on such a nice night. Let's just let it be that we support each other and let it be that for now. - All right, but-- - I think you should just say that, Kenya, because she's gonna take it to something different. - Take it to a negative place. - I can. - Yeah. - She'll take it personal. - Yeah, yeah. - That's not you. It's just-- I don't want us to have to-- - Here, give me. I-I'm gonna give dessert. - That's it. - Here. - Do you want this on here? - Yeah, yeah. - Okay. - Yeah, give her that and be like, "Look." - Here. Go on and tell her what we just said. - One more, and I need one for me, too. - I thought that was for you. - I was gonna take one to her. - Oh, that was nice. - I really don't want the drama of NeNe tonight, so I'm going to just send her a peace offering of some baklava and, hopefully, just let her know I do wanna talk. It's just not the right time. Another fork. - Another fork. - Kenya, come sit down and talk to NeNe, real quick. She just wants to-- - No, no, I wanted to-- I was bringing dessert to everybody. - I will be going this way. See ya, guys. I'm going to my room. - See? - It's too late. - It already went left. - Hey, when she came in, she said it really wasn't about the fact she didn't wanna talk to you. It's just that tonight because it was-- everything was on a good note. - Well, you don't have to speak about her. Let her speak it. - Well, she wanted to speak it, but it seemed like you were already in a bad mood. - Of course. I've approached her at least-- and I'm not in a bad mood. She's in the bad mood. I've approached her eight times already. - That other plate was for you. - That's okay. Well, I don't-- - She was coming to make a positive offering to say, "Hey, it wasn't"-- - But see, this is the problem, Kandi. Listen to me. I don't get-- I don't get ready when she's ready. - Kenya, on this trip, knowing that you are going through something, was to try to get everybody at least in a place where they could show you love. - I receive that. I'm not gonna address that on a-- on a night like this. - Kenya, we all have had issues with each other. - Well, she has issues, too. - No, Marlo, don't do that. - Now that she wants to bring a plate, I should-- - She knows that you guys are gonna eventuay have a talk. - Yeah, we're not gonna eventually have anything. - But she just didn't want-- she just didn't want it to be tonight. - My door is closed. Well, we don't have to talk ever. I'm done. - Her point is, it's like you guys have had all this whatever, and-and it's been-- - Okay, she's right. I'm wrong. I ----ed her man and stole her baby. - What? - Okay, so, goodnight, honey. - What are you talk-- okay. - Have a good night, Kandi. We love you dearly, darling. - Good night. Good night. - Just keep it 1000 wit' your friend. Good night. - Good night, everyone. I thank you. I gotta go talk to my man, honey. Trying to keep my marriage together, honey. ♪♪♪ - Next time, on "The Housewives of Atlanta"... - Good times and good girls! Opa! - Oh! Oh! Get away! - By the blood of Jesus, we bind you, black cat. Come on. - What would you pair this lovely rose with? - Fish and maybe a nice grilled chicken. - Even though rose might overpower the shrimp and seafood? - Why is she trying to test Cynthia's knowledge and make it known that Cynthia doesn't know much about the wine industry? - Kenya was throwing a lot of shade at the Bailey Wine Cellar. - I knew that she was joking. - A joke is a joke. - Is a one-time thing, not hammering. - Not jokes. - Yes. - This sh-- that we are arguing about has got us so far apart. - I'm sorry. It's really hard without you. - Shut up, NeNe. You're just a lowlife slime-- - NeNe! - For more information on "The Real Housewives," 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 