The Real Housewives of Atlanta: Season 12, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 s12e3 - Kandi's Wedding: Meet the Tuckers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Atlanta (2008–…): Season 12, Episode 3 - Kandi's Wedding: Meet the Tuckers - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously, on - Previously, on "The Real Housewives - Previously, on "The Real Housewives of Atlanta"... - I don't feel like he sees how his ways can make me feel... She's a rock star. She's more advanced in that class than anybody else. It can be exhausting sometimes. - I'm goin' to New York Pride. - Nice. - I'm going to be on a float. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NeNe's gonna be there, and if she's gonna be talkin' stuff about me and have somethin' to say about me, the only thing she'll be able to say is how fabulous I looked on the float. - Are you guys gonna be initiating conversation? - I ain't initiatin' nothin' but say, "Hey, gur." - I had just heard my fiance say that he actually had sex with someone while I was carrying our child. I'm not gonna sit up here and take that because I don't deserve that. - I was gone with the wind, but now I'm back 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and twice as fabulous. - I'm livin' my dreams not above my means. - This phoenix has risen and I'm sayin', "Bye, ashes!" - The only time that I look back is to see how far I've come. - Don't check for me unless you got a check for me. - I'm on a spiritual journey and still traveling first class. ♪ Oh you make me ♪ ♪ so emotional ♪ - Have you seen any other houses that you like? - I have. A lot of the houses that I like, I love the inside of the house, but Mike wants more of a yard. - Right. - I'm just over it. We are in a two-bedroom condo, Cynthia. - Oh, my goodness. - Like-- - How long have you guys been in that place? - We've been, sh--, two days after NeNe had my address. - So, you guys literally had to pick up and move. - I took off of work, and I moved everything. I still have, like, PTSD. Knowing that donor might be on the lurk, like, I literally packed up my life and my family in financial ruins. Thank you, Marlo. - I heard she's been having some financial hardships, that they're having a problem where they're living, that they're renting. - I have a protective order for safety as it pertains to domestic violence for me, my children, and my parents. Every time I move, he finds me. Nobody-- For me, I guess one of the reasons why I'm so jaded on NeNe and, like, I'm so cool on her and the wig that keeps her glue and her family together and all that sh--, Is because I'm like, girl, you know what this is. - Well, that glue that keeps her family together sure don't keep her damn friends together. - Listen, oh, that's a different glue. - That's a different kinda glue. - Uh-huh. Okay, well, this house is cute. - It's very cute. I like this. - Well, I hope this house got somethin'. I'll tell you that. - I know. - More than anything, we need security because between psycho-ass donor and Mike being a defense attorney, I need to know that, at night, if Mike is in town or outta town, that me and these kids are safe. - Hi. - Hi. - Hi. I'm Dashondra. - Eva. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - This is my girlfriend, Cynthia. - Hello. - Hey, how are you? Nice to meet you. - Hi. Come on in. - Cute. - It's very cute. - Okay. - The home has five bedrooms. - We-- okay. - Every bedroom has an on-suite bathroom. - Oh, my goodness, look at this bathtub and this shower! - This is cute. This is cute. - This is so cute. - This is cute. - I love this. This reminds me of my bathroom. Oh, this is cute. I love a fireplace. - I like the open floorplan. - Yeah, you got a stone fireplace. - That's kinda giving me, like, a L.A. feel, right? - Yeah. - Like, it's very kinda L.A.-ish. Right. How much is the house, again? - Awesome. - $775,000. - All right. Are you going to be able to afford this, Eva, because-- - Well, considering that I'm in financial ruins. - Yeah, that's what I'm-- and-and-- - Despite my prequalification from the loan officer, maybe not. How many square feet is this house? - Thirty-seven hundred. - Ooh, okay. - Is that enough? - It's just I just don't wanna outgrow it. - Right. - I know me. - Well, if you keep havin' these babies. - You know, at this point, I done looked at about 14-15 houses. So, what's a few more before I make this decision? - So, I'm gonna let you ladies chat, walk around some more, if you like. - Okay. - I'm gonna make a few phone calls, and then I'll check back in with you. - I'm not mad at this little house, though. There are a few things-- - I think this is really cute. - It is cute. There are a few things that I would want. - And I love that Marley's school is close. Like, all of that works. - Yeah. - Now, how long does it take you to get to work from here, and when are you-- wait-wait a minute. What's goin' on with, uh, "Dish Nation?" Like, when do you-- - Child, can we sit down? 'Cause I need Porsha to come back to work. You know, she got a lotta stuff goin' on with Dennis. - Right. - And I know that that's definitely taking a toll on her. Um, and then being a new mom, she's a first-time mom. - Right. - So, I get it. - Well, I mean, considering all the stuff that's going on or allegedly going on between her and Dennis, I would think actually work would be a nice escape, you know, just for her to get back. - I agree. - Right. - So, I appreciate you comin' and lookin' at homes, and you've been a great friend to me. - Thank you. Honey, it was a long time coming. - You know what? I kind of regret not bonding this way with Cynthia sooner. - I heard from someone that you were tellin' people that I paid Will to date me. - I don't know that to be true. Come on up here, miss thang. Show us a veteran walk. Show us how they used to do it. This, uh, chick-mance could've happened a long time ago. - At the end of the day, you always was woman enough to say, "You know what? I apologize for that." - Exactly. - I can respect that. Like, no matter what NeNe and I went through, I feel like she will never have any accountability. - How do you not find accountability for the things 'cause we all make mistakes? - Because-because she's never wrong. - What do you think about seeing NeNe at Pride? - You know, I actually saw her at the Kentucky Derby. - Did you? - Mm-hmm. I did. Mike and I was there. - Did y'all speak? Did you guys-- - I was prepared to, you know, hi and bye. - Mm-hmm. - Because, for me, it's really uncomfortable to see someone that I know whether or not we're on good terms-- - And not at least head nod. - And then not at least give her the respect of hello and goodbye. - Right. - It worked out. But I can co-exist with her, you know, in-in the group. I'm especially excited to go to Pride this year for the first time because I'm actually taking Noelle with me. I know NeNe's gonna be there, but it's gonna be all good. If we gotta be on a little float together, then I am proud to float on. I've been loyal to this girl for years. This one situation is not going to discredit everything that I've been through with this woman. - Right. - I really feel like we can get past it. - Like, how? Sway. Sh--. Girl. ♪♪♪ - Knock-knock. - Hi, hi, hi! Hi, pumpkin. Hi, beautiful mama. - Jeez. How long has it been? - I don't know. - I love me some Tanya. You know, first, she started out, she was NeNe's friend. - I love your shirt. - Oh, thank you. - So, what are you up to? - Then she was Eva's good friend. - Yes, you naturalista! - Hey! - Hello, gorgeous. - How are you? - Now, she's my friend-friend. - Baby, you look good. - Hey, you look good. You're givin' me all this today. - You know. - Is this just for me? - Yeah, girl. - And another good thing about Tanya and I being close is that Paul and Dennis are almost just as close. They were our other couple. Girl, that salad look good as hell. - You said you're being healthy. Drink first? Are you drinking water? Would you like a little wine? Some Henny? - I'll drink-- I'll drink-- I'll drink a little bit of wine. Just keep it light. - Oh, I love it. Let's keep it light. - I came over here to get some energy from you. - Good. - You know, you always got all the damn energy. - That's because I don't have a three-month-old baby. - I had to beat away the tired face. - Is that how it works, though? - That's how it work, girl. - Cheers, baby. Cheers! - Cheers. - Oh, gosh. Mmm. Okay, let's get to eating here. I feel like you're gonna love this. - You got your flowers out. - How was the Barbie party? Um-- - It was cute, and Eva was there, and, um, pretty much all the girls. - Okay. - Except for NeNe. Have you talked to NeNe? - No, no communicado, zip, zilch, nothing. - They actually have a booking this weekend. With Cynthia. - Pride in New York. - Yeah. - That's gonna be intense. - Well, honey. - Yeah. - The sh-- is gonna hit the fan, or either they're gonna be extra fake. - So, wait, wait. I didn't even ask you this. What is happening? - Girl... I have good days and bad days. - Yeah. - Yeah, I didn't think today was gonna be a good day. - Oh. - But once I popped my lashes on-- - Okay. - And I pumped this hair up like this, I was like, "I feel better." - Yes, good. You look better. - I found out what I needed to know. And every day, I've been, like, angry upset. - I know. I know. - And I wanted to kill him. Like, I wanna hit him. Like, ugh. - I do feel it. I kind of wanna hit him, too. Do you think that this can be fixed? - I don't know because from the time he told me that everything went down, the excuse is, you know, "You were not emotionally available. "You were this. You were that." I said, "Well, let me go look at this period of time." - Yep. Yeah. - I'm on my phone. I'm lookin' at pictures. I'm like, no, 'cause we had just celebrated this. - I was-- - And you had just given me the dog here. When the was I not available for you? When was I? - Yeah. - I was actually here and very, very present in our relationship and very, very pregnant. - And very, very pregnant. - You know, I know other men have done this in the past, but when I think about the love that I feel, like, Dennis and I had, to me, him sharing his body with someone else, that's not in the damn equation. I took all these pictures. Remember when we went to the concert? - I loved the concert. - Remember that? Remember when Shamea had her baby? And so, all this is around the time. How? How? All of this is in the same period of time. Now, in my heart, I'm just looking to wait 'til it heals. I'm not lookin' for it to heal towards Dennis because I'm beyond hurt. - I think you guys just need to, like, really keep going to counseling. - I can go to Dr. Sherry. - Yes. - And find out what she suggests next. - Yes. - I think I'm ready to-to-to learn how to move through this type of situation 'cause I never been in this type of situation before. - You've never been in this situation before. - I mean, I can't communicate with him without getting upset. - Once you lose trust, it's-it's really hard, and so I think a lot of it has to come from him. Like, he has to show up, and recognize, and do the work. - But, I mean, I have to be ready to accept it. - Mm-hmm. - Coming up next... - You're number one. - I'm supposed to be number one. - What? - Who's number one, me or Brooklyn? ♪ It won't be the same ♪ Are you hungry baby? Mmm, chocolate chip cookie. You can only have a little piece of this, okay? Yeah, and you went right for it. That's good stuff. Hello! - Hola, chica! - We're up here! Guess who's here. - Hey. - Hi. Oh, you look pretty. - Thank you. Hi, Brooklyn. Are you eating a cookie? - Yummy chocolate, yeah. - I feel really bad that I didn't make your party, but I will be there for your first birthday. - I have no idea what I'm gonna do for her first birthday. - Hi. - When I tell you that party was everything, Che-- - Do you have pictures? - Che, don't take her out like that. - Like what? - Like that. - How do you take this out? - Well, let me do it. You're just pullin' her out. Come on. - I wasn't. She was gonna be fine. - No, move. - Say, "Auntie was gonna get me, "and I was gonna be fine." - Yes. No, she wasn't. - Are you kicking? - I 100% go into helicopter mode whenever my child is around anyone. And I don't care if anyone criticizes me for it. She's the only one that I have, and may be the last one I have. You want some. I know you do. No, but the party was so much fun. - Did your husband come to Brooklyn's party? - Uh, no, he did not come to Brooklyn's Barbie party. - No? - Yeah, he wasn't gonna be around all those crazy ladies. Dressed as Barbies. - How is everything else going? - It's been difficult, Che. Being here by myself now more than I've ever been. - When is he coming back? - He'll be here, um, this weekend. It's just been, like, a strain on the relationship. Marc is usually in Atlanta every seven to ten days. - It's that restaurant. I understand he wants it to be successful, but he's sacrificing some other things. - We haven't had any alone time in long time. When Marc does visit, we rarely have date night. His sole focus is the baby and less on our relationship. So, it's taken a toll. - Have you made any attempts? - No. I mean, you know, like, we-we just haven't-- Marc doesn't even like the baby not to be in the bed with us. - If there's a baby in between you in the bed, how are on earth are y'all gonna get together in the bed? - Uh, that has been my question. Like, that doesn't really work out too well. - Uh, no. Let me put her in her little car. Yeah, baby. Yeah, zoom-zoom. Zoom-zoom, baby. So, I don't know, Che. Definitely somethin' has gotta change. I waited 'til 47 years old to have a child, but now I'm like, I have this, and I have this husband. So, how do I make my household work now? And I don't know if I have all the answers. Marc and I had a beautiful, beautiful beginning. There were always flowers, and sweet messages, and phone calls. And now, I feel like am I a little jealous because he puts so much attention on Brooklyn? I just want us to get back on track because I just feel like we're growing farther away instead of closer together, now. So, um, it's been a little-- it's been hard. I want my daughter to have all the love in the world from her dad, but I want some, too. - Well, the next time he's here, and you want a date night, I'll watch her. - Uh-- - What do you think is gonna happen? God, you're one of those people. Yes, I am. Do you know how long I waited for you? Huh? I don't know. I cannot be without my baby. ♪♪♪ ♪ I met him two-steppin' with his weapon ♪ ♪ look like he be sheppin' ♪ ♪ good fit on big face protectin' ♪ ♪ when he looked at me he said I answered all his blessings ♪ ♪ new Fendi shoe ♪ ♪ mini Fendi dresses ♪ ♪ I think I found my guy ♪ ♪♪♪ ♪ together we're gonna level level level ♪ ♪ level up ♪ - Oh, you look so pretty. - Aww, thanks. What's going on? - Well, you got-- you got some extra paint? Absolutely. - Not extra paint. Like that? - Yeah. - All right. - What is this called? Oh, breast cream. I'll have to get me a bottle of that. Okay. They're almost set up upstairs. - This is really good because when the American Cancer Society reached out to us, you had cancer, and now you are cancer-free. - Isn't it amazing? - I am a ambassador for the American Cancer Society, and doing these infomercials, basically, Gregg will tell his experience as a cancer patient, and I will talk about my experience as a caregiver. We can definitely shed light on how we felt and what happened to us. You know what I'm saying? - It's tough. It's a tough road. - It is a very tough thing to do and-- - It's tough on both of us, though. - Yeah, it's very hard. It's really hard. Before Gregg got diagnosed with cancer, we were already in a rocky place. It was... probably the worst thing we've been through. - You both wanna save this marriage. - I do. - Do you, NeNe? - We will just have to see. But now, my relationship with Gregg is still healing from the cancer journey. - I can see that it's still tough for ya. No matter what, in all of this, you did the best you can do. Which I think you did a champion's job. - I don't wanna cry because if I cry, you know I-I can't even cry 'cause I'd be making it about me if I cry. - Guess what. It is about you. - I am definitely not the same NeNe I was last year. - Gregg Leakes is in the house. Gregg, come here, baby. - No, honey, we're fine. - Girl, this closet is lit. - This closet is-- that. - The fact that you would sit here now and give a big you to all of us is very ----in' hurtful. - What's your response? - No response. - No response? - I've been working with my spiritual adviser. She helps me with not just my personal relationship with my husband but my relationship with girlfriends, like how to move forward. - It's okay not be concerned about what nobody else thinks. Who cares? - I know that I'm not an amazing caregiver. However, I feel like I was judged a lot. Support me, bitch! I'm going through everything! - You're not the only person hurtin'. Gregg's hurtin'. - NeNe can be a little more sensitive to Gregg's situation since he is the one that is actually battling it. - Yeah, a lotta stuff happened, um, last year. So, I'm just, uh, worried about seeing everybody at Pride. - Right. - This is something you may not know, though. Um, actually, a couple months ago, I text Cynthia. I reached out to her. - Really? - I did, but, of course, she never responded. - Basically, the text was negative. - It said, "You're so sad. "The things you are saying, you were truly never a friend. "Trying to clear your name. #sad." - So, I blocked her. Bitch, I know what a block looks like. I-I know I've been petty, and, um, I was-- I'm-I'm in a different headspace, right now. - Listen, own up. - Mm-hmm. - To what you know your involvement was, own up to that. - Cynthia and my's fallin' out is very different than me having any fallout with any other girl in this group because we were very close. So, my fear is, our friendship will never be the same. - So, you ready to go upstairs? - Yeah. - Let's go. - She's comin' up. All right, NeNe. - Yes. - We'll have you sit here. Gregg, have a seat. - Okay. - I've done this before. I'm sittin' right there. - Good man. Gettin' ready to roll. - What we're gonna ultimately do with this, is create, you know, your caregiver story. Can you please walk us through the times that were the most challenging for you? - Uh, the most challenging times I felt like I just didn't have anybody. We weren't sleeping in the same room. I didn't have a partner, you know, anymore. It, like, tore our relationship up, like, uh, you know, just-- - It almost destroyed us, to be honest with you. You gotta do a lotta give and take. You gotta do a lotta shuttin' up. You gotta do a lotta listening. - The shut up part was, like, I couldn't-- I couldn't figure that out. - I can't, either. - I didn't-- I didn't figure that part out yet. I have a whole weight that's been lifted off my shoulder. My husband doesn't have cancer. I mean, so, that alone means shake your titties, honey. Muah. I'm trying to tell you. Comin' up next... - So, what's up with Shadina? - I was supposed to call her around now. Let me see. - You don't know nothin' about this surrogacy thing. You're the mama. Surrogate etiquette-- look it up. ♪ You should let me love you ♪ You should let me love you you should let me love you ♪ ♪ you should let me love you ♪ - Oh, man, nothin' like a lunch date, babe. Hey, guys, welcome to Gastrobar. - Well, thank you. - Would you like anything to drink to start today, ma'am? - Um-- - Come on. Live on the edge. - No. - Get a Shirley Temple with pineapple juice. - I got some really good lemonades. - That would be nice. - Do you have Sauvignon Blanc? - Sauvignon Blanc, yes, sir. - I'll give it a shot. You wanna do calamari? - Yeah, let's do the crispy calamari. - Crispy calamari, okay. - The sauteed garlic shrimp, man. - Thank you. - So, what's up with Shadina? Have you spoken to her? - I was supposed to call her around now. Let me see. What's up? - Hi. - I see you got braids, too. What's up, Shadina? - I'm super excited about the next doctor's appointment. Yeah. I can't believe we have a baby on the way. I just keep having these thoughts of, like, who is she gonna look like? What's her personality going to be? How many weeks are we, now? - Are you startin' to show? - Aww. - Okay, bye. - All right. Bye. - That's crazy. We have a baby, but it's over there. - Who are you tellin'? That is super crazy to me. Clearly, this pregnancy is a lot different than when I carried Ace. Right now, I'm lookin' about zero months, you know? - I did my best. I did pretty good. - Hmm. I still haven't posted and said anything about, yes, the baby is on the way. Maybe I might be like Gabrielle Union and Dwayne Wade. Just pop up. Hello! Here's my baby. I might do that. - So, okay, you're not carrying. So, will she be at the baby shower wit' the belly 'cause who touches the belly? Usually people touch the baby. - No, we're not gonna have people touch her belly. - I thought that's the whole thing. - Basically. - You don't know nothin' about this surrogacy thing. - I'm learning just like you, okay? - But you're the mama. Surrogate etiquette-- look it up. - You're always trying to tell me what I'm supposed to be doin' as the mama. - Hey. - But what you doin' as the daddy? - Kandi, come on. - What? I'm just sayin'. - Guys, we got our garlic shrimp over here. - Okay. That looks good. Thank you. - Thank you. What are we gonna do about-- - We gotta set her room up. - Yeah, what are we doin' about that? - I don't know. - Where is her room going to be? - That's true. - 'Cause, you know, I don't want Kayla to feel like we puttin' her outta her room, but Kayla's a little grown. - So, you know, she wants to do this fashion thing. - Mm-hmm. - And actually, I introduced her to some people in New York. When we got back, she said she's going to New York. - Wait, what? - She says she's gonna turn her car in, and she's going to New York to chase her dreams. And then, only thing I did tell her, at least if you are gonna go, you should work. Stack some money. - Well, I was trying to give her her money for her birthday, but you told me not to give it to her, Mister, I'm up in the strip club with my daughter. - Kandi, come on. - What? - My daughter is 23 years old. She's a grownup. So, if she wants to go to a strip club, I rather she go with me. - Sometimes I feel like people just wait on a reason or a way to just drag us for. - But let me tell you. - And it's just like-- - There's nothin' to drag about it. My message is this. My daughter's 23 years old. She's grown, and nowadays, your kids are on the phone, so how do you even get through to 'em? - So, take 'em to the strip club. Do I think it's crazy that he goes out and drinks with his daughter at a strip club? Hmm, maybe. I don't know, It's not for me to tell you what to do. - It is. You're supposed to talk to me about it. - We don't always agree on everything as-as it pertains to the kiddies. Todd and I bump heads a lot because he feels like he should be able to just do what he wants to do. - That's my baby. She's gonna be all right. - But when it comes to my new baby, I'm not one of those type of women that are just gonna sit back and just let you dictate to me how things are gonna go. - Okay? - Okay, sir. ♪♪♪ - Hi! - What's that all about? - I'm getting ready for Pride. You know what? It was, but a lot has changed in 50 years. And now-- I know. Noelle is gonna go with me, which I'm super excited about. Oh, you know, Eva's comin', as well, and I'm just really glad that, you know, that times have changed, and, you know, for Eva and Noelle to have an opportunity to see how big Pride is. I support Noelle bein' fluid. I love her. I'm here for her. I'm still mommy, and she's still my baby. - You know what? This is the first time that I will be on a float with her, and unless it's a big-ass float... I would imagine that we're gonna bump heads at some point. Now, if I was part of the committee handpicking who was gonna be on the float, would I have championed for NeNe to be on the float with me? No, probably not. Ain't nobody got time for that. Oh, thank you, babe. I won't let anyone steal my joy or my pride. I know. Isn't it cool? - Coming up next... - She's just doin' whatever she needed, and she looks really desperate. - Honey, her wig is desperate. ♪♪♪ Ahh, ahh, ahh, we're gonna get you changed. I'm just gonna change you. I'm just gonna change you, okay? Okay, P? Okay. You're three months today, baba. Yes. Let's get your bottle first. Then you'll be in a better mood. ♪♪♪ - Hit the ball. - You want me to hit the ball? - Tell mommy, say, "What you lookin' at?" - What you lookin' at? - Ball! - What are you waitin' on? - Clap. - Oh! Damn, mommy. - Mommy. - Whoo-hoo! - Mommy outta control. - Yeah. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - Good morning. What's goin' on out-out here? - Hey. Hi, pumpkin. - Cutie pie. Hey, cutie pie. What's goin' on in the kitchen? - I'm tryin' to make some br-breakfast. - All right. - Have a seat. You can feed the baby. - What's- what's on the menu? - Um, well, first, I have to see what we have since I haven't time to go to the grocery store. - See what-- see what we have. We don't have a lot. - Marc is an alpha male. He is definitely traditional in a lot of ways. Look at you. You're always holding her. - You gotta learn to sit-- you gotta learn to sit on your own. - Hmm? - You gotta be a big girl, now. Sit on your own. - And with Marc, Brooklyn is always a priority. Do I feel like I'm a priority? No. I'm gonna make you somethin' special today. - Come on. All right, let's see. - Okay. Hopefully, I have eggs. Okay, we have to have butter. Oh, my God, do I not have eggs? Okay. Uh, let's see. I can do pancakes. I feel so silly. I thought for sure I had eggs. Okay, well, I'm gonna-- I know how to pivot. That's okay. No, it's not. He doesn't care that I'm running a-a million-dollar company. He does not care that I have a daughter that's running around and needs love and attention. He does not care that I need to keep all of this together, and I need to go to the gym. All he knows, is that he's hungry, and he wants some eggs. So, where are the eggs? I know everybody is asking you to bring Soco here, your restaurant. - Yeah, they've been asking. - 'Cause they ask me every time I look around. - I gotta figure that out. I gotta scout the area and find out an area that-that works. - So, what do you think? You think you might? Hmm? - What's the matter with you? What you talkin' about? - Well, Todd probably can, um, show you around, maybe. - I love when you look at me like that. Show me, again. Look at that smile. Show me that smile. - You know what I like about having you here? I love that, you know, you can relax and be with your family. - And have, uh, breakfast with no eggs. - You know, listen, more than anything, we have love. So-- right? - Right, baby? - Yeah. - And we got cutie pie. - And we have cutie pie. - Hey, cutie pie. - If Marc had a restaurant in Atlanta, I think it would solve half of our problems. Will he be home every night? Yes. I think it's a matter of who's gonna get daddy first. Look how pretty those pancakes are. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And you doubted who? Mm-hmm. - We are Grubhub champions. Just so you know. - That's not true. - We're gettin' the treatment today. - Yes. You gonna put her in here? Hmm? - Yeah. All right, let's get in there, chief. - Yeah. Here you go, baby. Okay. - We can-- You and daddy can work together. We gotta do-- we gotta-- we gotta hold hands. - Thank you, Father God, for allowing us to have this meal with our family, for always protecting us. - Shh. - We ask you, Jehovah, for you to repair any broken hearts in our family. Keep us on a path of being together, being kind and loving to each other. Shh. - In the name of your son, Jesus Christ. Amen. - Amen. All right. Well done. Let's do the taste test. Don't try it. I know how to make fluffy pancakes. I know your birthday is comin' up. So, what do we need to do to get a nanny maybe just for a couple days? - Brooklyn's not comin' with us? For my birthday, Brooklyn rolls with me. You go with me on birthday, baby. - So, you-you wanna take her on your birthday trip? - Yeah, of course. Of course. This-- it's actually the first birthday since you-- - So, what did we-- - It's my first birthday with you. - That's true. You know, I miss being a girlfriend now that Brooklyn is here, I'm very much a mother, and I'm a good wife, but I don't know if the girlfriend is there, and I know that's important to a relationship. Mm-hmm. But if we wanna go to dinner and just have some alone time, then how do we do that if she comes? - You mean, you and I alone? Yes. - Without you? Nah, you're number one. We're not leaving you. - I'm supposed to be number one. - What? - Who's number one, me or Brooklyn? Hmm? - You mean, like the borough? - No, not the borough. - Like-like the country, Kenya, versus the borough, Brooklyn? I mean-- - No, like the wife, Kenya, versus the daughter, Brooklyn. - What? What did you say? You spoke? No. Did you just say, "Daddy?" - Okay. - You missed it. What? Great job, baby. - Okay, mm-hmm. - You said, "Daddy," first, before you said, "Mommy." Oh, I'm lovin' it. - Coming up next... - I don't have an issue. What are you talking about? - Okay, the captain is speaking, now. Can you just listen? - Now, what boat are you on, honey? ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ - Uh, Noelle is coming. She's excited. Not a gown with a train. I think she's more rainbow coalition. - Alrighty, which one am I gonna wear? I really wanna do, like, this one. That could be cute. - I wanted a gay hairstyle. - What's a gay hairstyle? - Over the top. They want to have on four wigs, honey. Let me see the mirror. I live for my hair to be platted up. Child, you tried it. You tried it ill, honey. I love Pride. I think the gays love me so much because, one, you know my personality is over the top. I'm outspoken, and lot of them are very outspoken, honey. They will read you from head-to-toe, child, okay? I'm a rainbow, honey. - Knock-knock. - Hi. - Yes, this is Captain Marlo from the Love Float. - Hi. I love. - How are you doing? - I'm doing good. - In all this red, you look beautiful, darling. - Look at you. Muah, muah. - Muah, muah. - I love your hair. - Oh, my God, it's looks beautiful. - Look at this. - Cute stuff. - Do you like this shoe here? - I don't like this shoe. I love this shoe. Is this Giuseppe? - Yeah, they're, you know, those. - So, how we feelin'? - I'm feelin' good. How you feel? - I feel great. We're gonna have positive energy. That's why I'm here. - I know. My spiritual advisor has been came to me and told me, honey, to let it all go. - Let it go. - And I am now moving in the hands of the Lord. - Oh, like, are you gonna say something to 'em? Are you gonna-- - To who? - To the girls when you get on there, Eva and, uh, Cynthia. - Oh, God said to say hello. - But say it with a beautiful smile. - Yeah, honey, I am walkin' in the hands of the Lord. - We all are. Hallelujah. - You know what my spiritual advisor really says, though, to me? She says, "Breathe in and out ten times "and then, hopefully, you'll feel light, again." Like, okay. - I want to be nice, forgive, and forget, and move on. They might need you. ♪ Oh the Lord is here ♪ - God is good. You got-- what-what's God do? God workin' on your sins. ♪ Oh the Lord is here ♪ - You're gonna be all right. - Through your nose and blow it out your mouth. - Get on the float, and Cynthia's right there. What are you gonna say? - What? I ain't got-- I don't have no-- - Hey, Cynthia. How ya doin', Bailey? You are good. - I ain't got no problem. - You're gonna say that, though? - I have no problem. - Can you please say that for me, though? - Girl, you act like you're over talkin' to somebody that needs some help. I don't need any help. I can say, "Hello." - No-- - I'm just gonna say hey and bye. - I don't want you to do hey and bye. - You gotta do this. You gotta do this. You gotta do this. You gotta do this. Girl! I am trying to Zen, honey. I'm not trying to sin, okay? Work with me, bitch. - You can just-- - I don't have an issue. What are you talkin' about? - But think about it, though. Okay, the captain is speaking, now. Can you just listen? - Now, what boat are you on, honey? - I'm on the captain is speaking. I want you to get on this float, be gorgeous as you are, and be friendly, and kill them with kindness, and just let them know, hey, I'm in the hands of the Lord, now. Let it go. - Oh, yeah, of course. - Let it go. Let it-- - Speaking of muva. What do we have here? Oh, Jesus. - You're set to be on the Bravo float. - I am. - But so is Cynthia. - Yes. - So, how are you gonna handle that situation? Are you gonna avoid her? You're gonna talk? - No. I plan to-- you know, I can say hello. Um, I can stand beside her. I was a friend to her. - Yeah. - She knows that. - Right. - Uh, and I know that. I felt like she was a friend to me, and I feel like I was a friend to her. - It looked like y'all were good friends. - So, what's the problem? - Certainly, if you are my girl, I'm this kinda girl. We-- if we down, we down 'cause they would never be able to come to me and say, "You need to turn on Cynthia," 'cause I'd be like, "you know that ain't gonna never happen." - Girl, you been turnt on Cynthia. - They can tell her that, though, because she's weaker. She's definitely weak. - So, you think she's just followin' along with the crowd and what's going on in the show. - She's just doin' whatever she need to do. She looks really desperate. It's a lotta stuff about her that's not cool. - Oh, my God. - She just looks desperate to me, and it's- it's really sad. - When you get on that float today, they're gonna already think, oh, she's gonna come over here. - Why would they think that? - She's gonna be giving us emoji faces and lookin' at us and frownin' at us. - I will not give any-- honey. - She's gon-- they're gonna think that. I'm sayin' they're going to think at, but you're gonna come on there and show a beautiful smile, and color, and fabulous hair. - Yeah, show all these beautiful teeth. I'm there for the gays. I'm here for World Pride. - I know, but I'm just-- What would God do? God wants you to be nice, forgive, and forget, and move on, okay? - Forgive? Cynthia has done seven interviews. It was hurtful. - What you have seen since we have been friends, is me be-be nothing but completely loyal and a great friend to this woman for years. This is not a healthy person for me to be around. This is not good for my spirit, and I deserve better. You can see on her social media she has a different philosophy of friendship. Like, anyone that does that, I don't consider them a friend. She made Eva's wedding about her. She made my Seagram's event about her. The cancer situation with Gregg-- everything is just not about you. - Cynthia want people to think that she's this really nice, sweet angel. And the next time you turn around, you take a gun out and shoot a bitch when she ain't lookin'. Now, you know, you can forgive, but forgetting is gonna take a minute. Now, I'm-I'm gonna have to have amnesia to forget, honey. ♪♪♪ - Coming! Hey. - Oh, my God! - I don't think you're ready for this jelly. Good morning. - Muah. Wow, you look am-- - Yes, fuchsia dress. - Wait a minute. But this is not what you're wearing, though. You just-- - No, I just came to stop by and see you. - You came to-- Oh, my God. Okay, first of all-- - Where's your hat situation? - It's too much. - Yes. - Girl, it was too much. Girl, I look crazy. - Let me see the hat. - Maybe I'm not styling it right, child. - No, the hat's beat. No, the little corner is right. - To the side. - Your braids are pretty. Your titties is poppin'. You look nice and strong, not weak like the video said, to me, honey. - No. - I don't look weak and what was it? Weak and, uh-- - Desperate, child. - Desperate. Oh, my God. - That was so mean. - I'm not givin' desperate? - Why did she do that? - Because she can. That's what she does. I'm all hyped up about Pride. I'm trying to be happy. I'm trying to be great. You know, trying to be proud. And... boom. - She's definitely weak. - Mm-hmm. So, you think she's just followin' along with the crowd and what's goin' on with the show. - She's just doin' whatever she need to do. She looks really desperate. - Uh, desperate not to be your damn friend no more. Honey, her wig is desperate. I tried to tell her when we was friends, but she wouldn't listen to that. NeNe throws everyone under the bus. She is the bus. Ugh, I can't. I don't even-- I don't even wanna listen to her stuff. - Listen. - All right. So, when I see her, "Hey, girl." - You don't see her. You do you. I don't trust her as far as I can throw her, and she looks very dense and heavy. Sh-- on me once, shame on you. Sh-- on me twice, call me a toilet. So, that said... beware, Bailey. - Hey, baby, I'm on-- I'm on speaker. - Uh, he is. He's about to leave in a second. What do you need, boo? - Okay, come down. He can help you put 'em on. - Okay. - Okay. All right, let's do it. - You're good, you're good. Come on, I'm gonna go get my little belly together. - All right. I'll meet you downstairs. - See you downstairs, boo. ♪♪♪ - Whoo! Whoo! This is amazing. Yes, yes! - Made it on the float, child. - I live for the kids, honey. - It's a boomerang. Ready, one, two, three. - Hey. - Hello, gorgeous. You guys look fabulous. Happy Pride, ladies. - Hi! Oh, my God, thank you. - I cannot believe how many people are here. - Oh, my God, this is nothing. Wait 'til we start moving. - Noelle is in the house! Eva! Cynthia, is NeNe getting on the float? - I-I think so. She's a part of the celebration. She definitely, uh, supports the-the-- - LGBTQ community. - The LGBTQ community just like I do. So, hopefully, she'll show up. Wow, this is like nothing that I ever imagined. Like, it's like a sea of people. It is amazing. All this petty drama between NeNe and I is nothing compared to what is going on today. - Absolutely everything. - So, this is amazing. I'm so happy to be here and have my daughter here with me. - Oh, my God, I can imagine. - Like, seriously. - When you see a cloud hit, then-then you'll know it's here. - Yeah, thank you. Love you. I'm going up top. I'm going up top of the deck. - You're gonna be mad at me. - What? - There-- "Tardy for the Party" is on the playlist. - On the what? - On the playlist. - What playlist? - So, you're gonna have to cover your ears. - Oh, no, me and Kim are good. - Look at this outfit! - Thank you. - You look gorgeous. You guys look like ----in' twins. - Thank you. - Well, we gotta get a picture together. - Yes, in the house. - It feels amazing. - I'm looking at this crowd, y'all. - It's amazing. - Who is that? Excuse me. I'm-I'm gonna go make sure I say hello to her. - So love is love. Love is life, for me. - I'm so proud to have my daughter next to me. - Look at your jumpsuit. Yes, honey. - Oh, thank you. How are you? - Hey, NeNe, child. - Next time, on "The Real Housewives of Atlanta"... - Ace, remember when we said we were gonna let you see your little sister today? Well, she's in Miss Shadina's belly. - Okay. - Do you feel you played a part in any of it? Do you understand her bein' upset? Are we really doin' this, sis? NeNe! - When-when I'm depressed, I don't wanna work, you know, but I don't have that option because I have a child. - There are issues, underlying issues, in our marriage that we're not, like, dealing with, and I don't want that for Brooklyn... ...and I will protect her. - For more information on "The Real Housewives," 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 