Criminal: UK: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal: UK 
 s1e4 - Isabel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal: UK (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Isabel - full transcript 
 When detectives interrogate Isabel, she talks about love, sex and her Dalmatian, forcing Chief Inspector María to take a risk to try and solve a murder. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Isabel] People know nothing about love. Absolutely nothing. They think that to have love, you need to possess something. A man, a woman, a body that gives us those intense states of happiness... But it's not true. It's not like that. We don't need anything. Absolutely nothing. And do you know why? Because powerful love is already inside us. And I'm not talking as someone caught up in New Age, or bullshit Buddhist. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, no, it's real, and love is inner strength, and love is what we're made of. But we're always looking elsewhere for it. And when you're in the perfect situation, the body you long for, the dreamlike relationship and your comfortable home life, for an instant, and only an instant, the search ends. [continues over speaker] It's over. And we're free, we relax, and then happiness arrives. And you mistakenly say to yourself, "That man, that body, that house brought me happiness." No. Nobody brought you happiness. That happiness came from within you. Are you feeling this? - So love is an actual headfuck? - Not at all. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's real, it exists. But it's not your partner who makes it happen to you. - It's you? - Yes. It comes from you, from inside you. From my insides? Yes, but you can only see it when you stop looking for it, when you stop the obsession. When everything calms down. Then you get that feeling of relief, of fullness, of ecstasy, of pure joy... - She's got to be on something, no? - [Carlos] Sounds amazing. - And for that to happen... - No. But we have to play along with it. So she thinks we're believing this bullshit. [high-pitched whining] [haunting music playing] I didn't learn that reading books, or going to spiritual retreats. I picked it all up while observing my princess. - Ah, Luna. - Luna is... She's pure equilibrium, perfect peace. She's sitting there, right in front of you, yeah, and there's a tremendous connection. But for it to come, you need the dog to be there? I more than need her. She's my maestro. Maintaining my calmness, you see? And in this state, everything starts to emerge if you let it. In the beginning you don't understand it, you might even be scared because to some, it's an altered state. Like a trip? So your dog's your guru? More than my guru. My companion, my reference, my shadow... And she's a beautiful animal. A princess, huh? What was the contest she just won? - Crufts. - Crufts. But it's not just any contest, it's the contest. It's more like the Oscars. Amazing... Or as it's called by the English, "the world's greatest dog show." [all laugh] [coughs] But what did she win? Champion of the World in the "Dalmatian" category. - [Carlos] Wow! The world's finest. - World's finest. And we didn't know. But this should be on the news. Totally. That's Spain for you. A Dalmatian from Madrid is a natural in the city of Crufts. No, it's not a city. It's the name of the contest. Created by Charles Cruft in the middle of 1891. - Pardon me. So where's it held? - In Birmingham. Oh, in Birmingham? I've been there. [Carlos] Seriously? [Rai] When I was doing my Erasmus in Edinburgh. [Isabel] What were you studying? - I read Law. - You're a lawyer? No, afraid not. On the bright side, you visited Birmingham! I did. I had a great time. I'm a fan of heavy metal, especially Black Sabbath. - It's where they're from. - I'd have said more romantic. You should see my head-banging! [inhales] [deep breath] - So you've got quite a dog, there. - Mm-hmm. And once you've won the Crufts competition there's even more opportunity for breeding. Of course you only breed with other champions, that way you get a top class litter. And that's why I have to take her to Berlin. To mate her with this one. Called Romeo. A Dalmatian with wonderful genes. And that's why I need you to give me back my passport. Your passport? My passport. It's only for three days. [Rai] Why can't Romeo come here? What? - Romeo, the Dalmatian in Berlin. - No, no... Couldn't he travel over here instead? The males never travel. The males never travel? That sounds interesting. - Those are the rules. - Why? Because the male always wants to copulate. He's always ready to participate. - And...? - Bitches aren't. They're more selective. Exactly. Sometimes they will, sometimes they won't. But you can bet that wherever a bitch goes, there will always be plenty of male dogs waiting to copulate. We're always so bloody predictable. And simple. [Isabel] Do you get it now? Absolutely. Definitely. And now we'd love to help you, right, Carlos? Very much, but... It's very complicated. Complicated? It's only three days. And then I'll be back here, and then I'll return my passport. - The problem isn't the three days. - You're not helping our investigation. You say I'm not collaborating? Nothing. So... letting you come into my house without a warrant wasn't enough? I've shown you total honesty. No, you haven't. - What are you trying to say? - It's not you we're after, Isabel. It's your brother we want. [Isabel sighs] I already told you. He's left for Barcelona. - Barcelona. But where? - I don't know. Help us find him and we'll give back your passport. - I've said, I don't know. - What about the whereabouts of Silva? I've no idea where he is. You should know. You were the last person to see him. And there's your brother catching a train in a photo in Atocha, whereas Silva, all we've found of him is his blood in your basement. I have no idea why there would be his blood down there. LAW COURT 7 [Isabel] Are you accusing me of something? [Carlos] No. We're just chatting, Isabel. That's all. [Isabel] I thought we were just going to talk about my passport. - [phone buzzing] - It's the judge. [Carlos] Help us find your brother Piti... - Yes, Your Honour? - [Isabel] Why can't you find him yourself? I've given you all his contacts, I told you he'd gone to Atocha, you have his photo, his phone number... Can't you locate people by triangulating the signal? It's not that easy, no. I know it's not easy, but contacting Piti is up to you two, not me. I'll come now and we'll see. No, no, sir, it's no trouble. Of course. Of course, yes. Very good, Your Honour. - I'm going to the court. - Right now? - The judge isn't convinced at all. - You're kidding me, Joaquín. I told you that it wasn't going to be enough, didn't I? - And the blood on the floor? - Not sufficient. What do you mean, not sufficient? Do you want to go there yourself? I don't know how much longer I can keep her. Well, find out. Jorge and Luisa have gone to get the dog. María, this is for your own good. I want you to follow the correct procedure. If you fuck it up... it's your plan. [beeping] There's a programme protecting witnesses. - What? - You don't ever have to see him again. - I'm not scared of my brother. - He's a junkie. No. If you don't mind, he's unwell. The evidence shows three grammes of cocaine in your house. Piti is the only user, there? I don't take drugs. It's not necessary. Oh, yes, of course. Because all that love inside you keeps you on the ultimate high, permanently, no? Is it too much to ask to be taken seriously? I'm taking you seriously. Some people have always looked down on me. Little papa's girl, the snob, the airhead who's reached 50 alone and now breeds Dalmatians. Those who laugh, they would not... They would not look twice at Luna, not one. But I... I said, I said, "Princess, your power is something I've never felt before. Your presence, your force, your strength... May people laugh at you and me when we are one. Just let them laugh." That's all very well, as long as you know we're talking about a possible homicide. Isabel. Ho-mi-cide. You know? Speak to my brother about that when you contact him. Because you have absolutely no responsibility? Nothing. You took Silva to your house and now he's disappeared. - How many times do I have to explain? - As many as it takes, Isabel. And if you convince us, we might give you back your passport. Have you looked at the security cameras in the area? - All of them. - Well, there's the proof. We had dinner, we went home, and that's it. - And fucked? - We made love. - Until your brother arrived. - Exactly. And then? I told you already. Tell us again. - It's all there in the statement. - Forget the statement, OK? We're having a chat. Informal. No one's recording or taking notes. Come on. [sighs] - My brother would often get violent. - [Carlos] Jealous? [Isabel] I said violent. I told you the first day and I'm telling you now. [Carlos] Why did he get violent? [Isabel] He doesn't like me bringing men home because of Daddy's paintings. - What paintings? - [ping] TELL HER ABOUT MATEO AND OFFER HER A COFFEE - A guy once stole a Portocarrero from us. - A what? Portocarrero is a painter from Cuba from the last century. Some of his paintings are in the MoMA in New York. And Papa loved him, and bought several of his pieces when he was into art from the Caribbean. So someone once stole from you, and since then, Piti doesn't like you bringing men back to the house? Piti is unwell. And I am within my rights to bring home anyone I want. Even though you don't ever need men? What I don't need is love. Or look for it. I meet with guys, sleep with them and don't see them again. Which was exactly what happened with Silva, no? You met up with him, took him home, your brother showed up... They disagreed, my princess became upset... My only care is the wellbeing of Luna. - And so you left? - I went for a walk. - At four in the morning? - Haven't you ever done that? And then? - I told you already. - Doesn't matter. Tell us again. I won't contradict myself. When I returned an hour later, nobody was there, you see? And I didn't hear any more from Silva or my brother. - They evaporated? - What? What do you mean? What, they disappeared as if by magic? As if they'd been abducted by little flying aliens? - What do you want me to say? - Something that makes more sense. - What makes more sense? - Come on! No one just disappears. Maybe I ate him. Getting better? Just after fucking Silva, I ate him. Like those spiders. What are they called, again? - Tarantulas? - No, the other one. Black widow. That's it. Because I'm some sick female obsessed with her dog, no kids, and a drug addict for a brother, I go with men to fuck them and then eat them. Does that make a little more sense? Who is Mateo Barbo? Mateo who? Barbo. I don't know a Mateo Barbo. - No? - No. Because he knows you. He met you three months ago. Don't remember? I hook up with men four or five times a month and I don't know their names because we use an application, the same as with Silva. And I already told you that on the first day. Yeah, but Mateo told us that you tricked him. I tricked him? Not only that. You had dinner with him. You took him home, you made love and then suddenly your "husband" appeared. That is, your brother Piti, pretending that you're married. - He told you that? - He told us a lot more. That Piti kicked up quite a fuss and threatened to call his family if he didn't pay 1,000 euros. Why do you always hook up with married men, Isabel? That's not true. We have Mateo's testimony. Do you want to hear it? Don't tell me that I'm going to have to call my lawyer. No need for that. - You're accusing me. - No, we're just checking the facts. If you call your lawyer it stops being informal. Even at this hour we'd need to make an official report. And then you can say goodbye to your passport. Look, Isabel, if we had anything more concrete against you, we would have charged you by now. We just want you to listen to Mateo and give us your opinion. It's your word against his, but we need to confront this before we move on. If you want us to help you, you have to cooperate. Well, what do you think I'm doing here? And we appreciate it, Isabel, really we do. Because we know that whatever happened to Silva, you're not responsible. Yes, but you're really pushing this. We have to clear everything up, and to do that we need you to cooperate, to be patient, and to listen to this. It's better for you, better for us and better for Luna, because I too want her to get on that plane to Berlin. Let's listen to the idiot. Take your time. - Can I get you a coffee? - No. Sure you don't want one? Do you want something to eat? Nuts? Chocolate bar? - No, a soda. Do you have sugar-free? - I doubt it. Oh, then don't worry. Some sparkling water. No problem. [Rai] She knows where we're going with this. - [María] You're doing great. - Do we have the warrant? - Joaquín is on his way to court, now. - So we don't have it yet? No, but we'll get it. - And Jorge and Luisa? - Jorge and Luisa are on their way. With the dog? You're going to bring the dog without a warrant? Holy shit, if this goes wrong... It'll be fine. It'll be fine. - She's still protecting her brother. - She's protecting herself. [clunk] - They killed him together. - You think? You don't? She doesn't seem like a psychopath to me. What's the matter? Did she get to you with her little love speech? - That's just nonsense. - No, it's not. Don't underestimate her, because she knows perfectly well what she's saying. Will you have a look at the website I sent you? Of Villa Nazules. The hotel with the horses? It's only an hour away. We can go to Toledo. It has horses? It's an equestrian villa. I'd assume there'll be horses. But it also has a spa. You like a spa. You'd love a spa, no? My son is allergic to horses. You're bringing your son? Rai, his dad's in Rome. There's no one to look after him, you know. - We can leave it for another weekend. - No, no. I'll find somewhere else. - It's not a problem. - No, no. Without horses. But with a spa. Yeah? If she gets really tense, tell her you're going to get her passport. That should give us another half hour. And pander to her dog, because it's her favourite thing in the world. OK. [sighs] [beep] [Mateo] We met through the app. She liked my profile, and then I messaged her. We'd never contacted each other but on this website you only meet once. It's not a site for relationships... Yeah? You understand? And all I know is that it was all a set-up. I don't know if he was her brother, her husband or a gay friend of hers, but everything was planned. I swear by my kids, that I just wanted a good time. [fizzing] [audio recording ends] I don't know what to say about that. He's accusing you of blackmail. You and your brother. Mm-hmm. Well, his imagination is very productive. So it was all made up, was it? I'll let you in on a little secret. You men fall down when a woman sleeps with you and then won't see you again. Is that what happened? I can show you the messages he left me in the hope of seeing me again, in the application. - You want him arrested for harassment? - Do whatever you like, I don't care. You've played me this... recording. Now I'm telling you what I think. It's up to you You think this guy was pissed off because you didn't call him again? Is that it? Exactly. And not the only one. Couldn't it be, Isabel, that you tried to do the same to Silva as you did to Mateo? Get 1,000 euros out of him? And Silva said go to hell, got mad, and started arguing... Not true. ...started arguing, which progressed into pushing, and from there to punches, and that whole time, the dog was barking. You lost your head because you can't bear your dog being agitated, and you shouted at Piti, while Piti was smashing the head of Silva in with an ashtray, a lamp, or whatever, but it doesn't really matter with what. Then you got out of there while you were able to, because your brother was wired on cocaine, and he decided it would be a good idea to cut Silva up in the basement. [solemn music playing] A Dalmatian doesn't bark. What? - The Dalmatians don't bark. - All dogs bark. No? Not Dalmatians, no. Well, maybe once in a while. That's why firefighters in England used them. They were able to run alongside the horses without making a racket. You said you can't bear your dog being agitated. Luna doesn't bark when she's agitated. So what does she do? She stresses. Loses her hair, and... skin changes, and that's one of the most difficult things to maintain in a champion. [Carlos] OK, OK. Forget the barking. Let's go back to your brother smashing Silva's head in and chopping him to bits while your princess loses hair. What about that? For 1,000 euros? Seriously? Do you want me to listen to any more bullshit or are you just going to give me back my passport? Mm... Of course, it isn't your place to make the decision. Are you waiting for the boss lady to give you permission? No? - [María] What a bitch. - Has she sent any more messages? - [Rai] Where? - There. There. Or did you think I hadn't noticed? [phone beeping] - [Rai] Isabel, you're not helping. - I'm collaborating. [Rai] We need to find out where Piti is... Joaquín? [Joaquín] Not right now. I'll call you as soon as I'm done. - What time? - I don't know. [Isabel] You're making me very nervous. We're going to lose her. [Joaquín] Let her go. We'll bring her in again later. No, Jorge and Luisa are on their way with the dog! [Joaquín] María, I've got to go. I'm going to use the warrant I've got, Joaquín. [Isabel] I'm beginning to get angry. You lied to me. You brought me here under false pretences. [Carlos] No, no. We haven't lied to you. The return of your passport is not as easy as that. - [Isabel] You've wasted my afternoon. - [Carlos] Talk to us. [Isabel] No. I'll only speak to the person who makes the decisions. [Carlos] Look, returning your passport is complicated. You're implicated in a disappearance. The judge has to authorise it. - Call the judge, then! - We have to give him good reason. I've given good reason. [Carlos] Not enough. [Isabel] Is your boss coming in or not? - Very well. I'm off. - Wait a minute. Patience... [Carlos] No, no. Leave it. Let her go. It's her dog after all. Goodbye, Romeo. My dog is young. In six months she'll be on heat again. Who knows where you'll be in six months? [Rai] I'll call the judge. All right? I'll explain the situation and see if something can be done. Hmm? There are a couple of formalities. You'll still have to wait... maybe an hour. [coughing] [coughing continues] [door slams] [whirring] - [muttering quietly] - [door buzzes] We have no room for manoeuvre. Wait out here a few minutes, then go back in. Tell her the judge is still thinking about it. - Any word from Joaquín? - Nothing. - Oh, shit... - We've no other option, Rai. You go and convince her to wait while we sort it out, OK? I don't think she trusts me at all. Rai, you're doing great, you know? Don't tie yourself in knots, hey? Relax. - Relax. - OK. [door slams] [haunting music playing] [ping] [whining] [door buzzes] María... [dog whining] - No, leave the dog outside. - Outside, where? In the corridor. Or even better, in the IT room. All right, Inspector. Do we have the warrant? Joaquín's working on it. Don't tell me that we're improvising. No one is improvising. - [Luisa] Where's Joaquín? - [María] In the car. In the car, where? Going to court, Luisa. Do you have any idea what you're doing? Well, as you can see... I don't think you do. I'm in charge here, I'm the one who makes the decisions and the one whose career is fucked if this ends badly. Is that what you mean? We're going to use this warrant until the real one arrives. In the meantime, I will talk to Isabel, and when five minutes have passed, knock on the door and hand me this court order. No, I won't be touching that piece of paper. Nobody will notice the difference. I'm not touching it. [door buzzes] I got rid of the dog. It's with the IT guys. They even have white coats. Jorge, could you bring this warrant into the interrogation room in about five minutes? - Yeah, of course. - The warrant is illegal. It doesn't have a signature. [Jorge] Shouldn't we talk this through with the Commissioner? [María] Forget about Joaquín. [Luisa] How can we forget about Joaquín? Could you just fucking shut up for once? If you don't want to bring me the warrant, tell Rai to come, please. - It's not that I don't want to... - Tell Rai to come. - You're getting Rai mixed up in this? - Rai's already mixed up in this. Obviously, since he does anything you ask. He's my subordinate. Oh? Is that why you fuck him, too? - Luisa, why don't you request a transfer? - Because I'm better than you. In what way, better, are you? The style of your hair, the curls, the lipstick you've picked? Or hiding how insecure it makes you feel that Rai, someone who's young, smart and beautiful, is Joaquín's favourite already? What's happening? [María] We're going to do it now. - Without Joaquín? - Without Joaquín. Do you trust me? [keypad beeping] [door buzzing] [Isabel] Mm... I'm honoured. Finally! How are you, Isabel? Any news about my passport? The judge is considering it. The judge is considering it? But I think he's going to say no. - You think so? - Almost certainly. Why almost certainly, do you think? Because it was my job, personally, to ask the judge to refuse your application. And what was your reason? Because it's clear you're still lying. That I'm lying? Isabel, I've listened the whole time, the other side of that glass, and you haven't stopped lying, the deceiving, the manipulating... You have no idea what you're actually saying to me. Yes, yes... Of course I do. Because I'm just like you. You continue to blame your brother for what happened when in actual fact it was down to you. - I'd stay sitting down if I were you. - I'm not going to argue with you. There's a warrant on its way, now. Didn't you say they're going to refuse me? That's not what I'm talking about. Ah... [chuckling] Maybe arrested, huh? Hmm? No, you're not arrested. Although it's possible, with the blood, your many lies, your manipulation. What manipulation? I mean, taking Silva home to blackmail him as you did with Mateo. I mean the appearance of being someone who's liberal, free, when actually... well, deep down, you're a textbook psychotic woman. Isabel, don't you realise what your true relationship with Luna is? Go on, tell. She's your projection. Another version of you that you've created and fabricated in your mind. A version of you that enters into competitions and contests for dogs to compensate for you as a person. As if it were you winning the prizes, so you can make up for your misery, the father who's bankrupt with his ruined reputation, your cocaine addled brother, those unfaithful husbands you once had... This world that's been unbelievably horrible to you, and now you think it owes you, thanks to your princess. Perhaps why you completely share your life with her, share beds in hotels, perfumes... even your underwear. [chuckling] Feeding your sick ego, which continues to get even more greedy, more monstrous, more devouring. [knock at door] One moment. That's why you talk about eating those men. You seriously want to have this discussion? But that's all you want to talk about: the constant narcissism that pushes you to act superior, to dominate, to devour. So, let's see. So I consumed Silva? No. Not that it wasn't you... [knock at door] Please enter. [door buzzing] [dog whining] What's Luna doing here? [whining continues] What's happening now? [yelping] Luna? [voice trembling] Luna... We have to put your dog down, I'm afraid. What? We have compelling evidence that you were involved in cutting up the corpse, and then Luna managed to consume it. You're fucking with me. Here's a court order. Please read it yourself, if you want to. [Isabel sobs] Please... [María] This authorises us to have the animal put down and to examine her remains in search of any DNA for Silva. [Isabel] No, no... You dare touch my princess... You just keep off! - [Luna whimpering] - [Isabel] Luna? Luna... No! Don't go anywhere near my dog! Leave her alone! - I want my lawyer. - Sit down. I want my lawyer! I don't want to! [Isabel] Leave her alone! Leave her alone! I knew this was a bad idea. [Isabel continues shouting in interrogation room] Someone should call a psychiatrist. [Isabel shrieking in interrogation room] You can take the dog away, now. [Luna whimpering] - I want my telephone. - Isabel, calm down. - No. - We can call a lawyer... Don't you dare harm her! I want to call my lawyer. If you want, you can call him but the warrant is already... You're not fucking listening. She hasn't eaten anyone! Are you crazy? The results will come from the laboratory, Isabel. Huh? Don't you dare touch my princess! Do you hear me? No one's going to touch her. [Isabel hyperventilating] [wheezing] No one's going to touch her. Not my dog. [sobbing] [solemn music playing] [breathing deeply] You tell us, Isabel. Are you going to let them cut her up for nothing? So if I were to do this, it's as though it never existed, no? Shall I do it? Yes. Where is your brother? He's in Badajoz. Please, I beg of you... Call them and tell them not to touch Luna, please. Call... Please, please... Badajoz is very big, Isabel. I have an address for him. I'll give it to you. Please... Please... [sobbing] [ping] - Where's María? - Still inside, with Isabel. And... did you get the warrant? The judge said no. He said he doesn't want to kill pets. [Isabel] Please... What did you do with Silva? [whimpering] It wasn't... It wasn't blackmail. He asked if he could do it with us, with Piti and me. He said that we should throw cocaine everywhere... so when we sweat, it'll get into our body and we get a better high. I didn't want to. I don't do drugs. He was a pig. He smelt like one, he acted like one... He was a pig. Then Piti and him had a disagreement. They were shouting everywhere. And I left. I swear, I left. I heard them shouting but I don't know any more than that. I swear, I don't know any more. When I got home... there were... [sighs deeply] Piti had two bags. - What was in the bags, Isabel? - I had no idea. No idea. What did he do with these bags, Isabel? He threw them in the San Juan reservoir. Give me something more concrete. I took him there. I know whereabouts it was. Why is it like this? Why does it have to be this way? - What are you talking about? - Men. There are no romantic men any more. Only pigs. No, love, it doesn't exist any more. There are no actual Romeos. Only in a world full of dogs, there still is. [soft music playing] You did terribly well. [haunting music playing] Piti's address in Badajoz. It's on a farm. Pass it on to the local Guardia Civil. - Are you OK? - Uh-huh. But we're going to have to cancel that hotel with horses. What? No... I just promised that we'd take Luna to Berlin. Berlin... Do you know of any spas in Berlin? [they chuckle] [haunting music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 