The Ricky Gervais Show: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Ricky Gervais Show 
 s1e2 - Knob at Night - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Ricky Gervais Show (2010–2012): Season 1, Episode 2 - Knob at Night - full transcript 
 Stephen shares a news story about 42 midget warriors who were mutilated by a single lion in a Cambodian ring fight, as well as an e-mail from fan Paul "The Party Animal" Parker, about a Serbian man who invented a sex machine for women. Karl ponders how to avoid being conned into donating to charities, which segues into a discussion of sex. A dialogue about America's first nudist organization leads Ricky to critique naked gym jocks, inspiring a revelation from Karl. The guys debate if there is ever a good time to eat the penis of a kangaroo. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ( instrumental music playing ) Announcer: For the past few years ricky gervais, Stephen merchant, and karl pilkington Have been meeting regularly For a series of pointless conversations. This is one of them. - Testing. - Is that all right? ( dings ) Hello and welcome to "the ricky gervais show" With me, ricky gervais, stephen merchant... Hello. -...And the little round-headed buffoon 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That is karl pilkington. Hi. Rick, you'll be pleased to know we've already had some responses. Simon and mark have already emailed us in this link To something that was on the bbc news website. I don't know if you're familiar with this, but it's a remarkable story. "lion mutilates 42 midgets in cambodian ring fight." - That's just the headline. - That's ahead of a headline. That makes me want to know more about the story. That's what a headline should do. "spectators cheered as the entire cambodian miet fighting league Squared off against an african lion. Tickets had been sold out three weeks Before the much- anticipated fight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The fight was organized when an angry fan Contested yang sihamoni, president of the c.M.F.L., Claiming that one lion could defeat his entire league of 42 fighters." Well, the fight was ended, rick, after only 12 minutes, After which 28 of the midget fighters - Were declared dead... - Right. ...While the other 14 suffered severe injuries Including broken bones, lost limbs and- they were basically unable to fight. - But the lion wasn't hurt? - It would seem that the lion was okay. Oh, good. Well, that's amazing. Karl, what are your thoughts instantly? I mean, you're bound to have a take on that. See, what's annoying me is I've sent money to cambodia Because apparently they're hungry and haven't got any energy. - ( snickering ) - so what's going on? Well, it's much easier to fill up a midget Than it is a regular cambodian. You know, they're happy on a mars bar. I just feel like I'm being cheated a bit. You were conned before with a charity, weren't you? - Well, a few times, yeah. - What about the old lady? - What was that? - I got stopped. And it's like, uh, they sort of drag you in by saying, "have you got a gran?" and I said, "no, they died." It's like, "oh, did they die of the cold?" "no, she was just ill, what have you-- old age." She said, "well, what happens with a lot of people's grans Is they die in the cold." I was like, "oh, that's bad, innit?" So she's chatting and showing me pictures Of these old women who look cold, Saying, "look at her. That's edna. She's got no family. She can't pay the bills" and all that. So I'm like, "oh yeah?" anyway, it goes on for about 15 minutes. You feel bad. You give them your bank details, right? And what happens is, every couple of months You get a letter from edna. It's not from her. It's typed up and what have you. But there's a picture of edna. It's saying, "this December, Edna's gonna be extra cold. It's cold outside. She can't afford to pay the heat." Yeah. - So you keep paying every month, Like Â£5 or whatever. Get another letter a few months later. Edna's sat there-- she's got a tan. ( laughs ) what do you mean, she's got a tan? Well, when they said she's cold, I thought they meant for the heat and not to send her on holiday for a month. She's sat there with a tan. I'm not joking. ( guffaws ) - are you sure it wasn't just - A slight problem in the printing? - No no, definitely. - She looked well happy. - Are you sure it wasn't liver failure? You see, when does it become bad To avoid people like that? Swme people say you shouldn't-- That they're people like us who've just had a bit of bad luck. - Well, of course they are. - Yeah, I know, But I remember one on our estate. She was a bit-- what's the word that you can use? I don't want to offend anyone. Homeless person. - Yeah, but sort of a mental homeless. That's the official term. - Yes, I think that- - - that is the very official term. "it's mental- homeless-itis." - right. So she lived on the estate and what have you. And she aged-- - how was she homeless if she lived othe estate? Well, she sort of decided to stay around there... All right. -... 'cause people on the estate Spoke to her more than people who had money. So this mental illness woman on the estate-- And what she used to do-- She acted quite normal. And she used to always push a pram around with her. I was like, "she can't have a kid, can she?" And she was dead happy every day walking up and down the road. Anyway, one day she had a walk past. I turned around and looked in the pram. - It was a bucket with a face on it. - ( ricky, stephen laughing ) ( glugs ) Rick, we've had an email here from a bloke. I think you're gonna respect him, Because I think you can tell straight away from his name That he's the kind of guy you'd want to hang out with. Go on. - I know how much you love fun people. - Yeah. - Well, paul- - and he's calling himself this-- Paul "the party animal" parker, he's emailed in. He's given himself that moniker. Right. I assume they're in quote marks, are they? They're in speech marks. Paul "the party animal" parker. And he's called himself that? - Yeah. I can't-- - when you picture him, what are you thinking? - Milhouse. - Right, okay. I think he looks like milhouse from "the simpsons." ( stammers ) - he's working in sort of an I.T. Department? Ricky: Yeah, probably. I think he might still be at school. And this is the final question: Do you believe him to be a party animal? I believe him to be a party animal Inasmuch that a man with a long scarf that his mom knitted him To look like dr. Who can be a party animal. Do you think that when people are organizing parties at his school, They're thinking the first person they've got to get on the list-- To make sure-- - "you've got to take paul 'the party animal.'" I bet he's got millions of affectations. I bet he's the one who wants to be known As the one who carries around a biscuit tin. He's the guy who only ever wears bowling shoes. - It's his thing. It's his thing. - ( ricky cackling ) He's a little bit kooky. It's his thing. And it is fairly interesting what he's sent in. He's found this on the web-- A serbian man who has invented A sex machine for women. He's appealing to western women to test his device. It runs on a 390-volt electric engine, Simulates sex and has a 7 1/2" artificial penis. As soon as I read this, I was thinking-- Just imagine in there going, "oh, thanks for coming in. So what's gonna happen is there's a penis that's gonna pop out from here And it's gonna have sex with you. I'm gonna stand behind the machine. " - ( ricky laughing ) "I'm gonna stand behind here. There's a lot of dials And stuff that I don't want to bore you with." Ricky: "why do you stand behind it? " - "it's technical. I've got to be behind the machine." "there's no penis at the moment. Just a hole." "don't worry. What'll happen is I'll switch the machine on, I'll go behind And then a penis will appear." "will it be a metal-looking penis?" "it will be a robotic penis, but it will seem Like it's a regular fleshy human penis." "so you've made this robot penis look really realistic." "it's really realistic. You will not be able To tell the difference between the robot one and mine." "well, I don't want to see yours. " - "no, absolutely not." "I've not come here to have sex with a person." "you've come to have sex with a machine. That's what you're gonna get - With the use of mechanical"- - - ( both laugh ) To a lot of people, sex is important. Not to you? - Well, it serves a purpose. ( laughs ) what purpose? You don't want to have kids, so what purpose? - Just, you know. - Something to do in the evening? - Summat to do, innit? - When the telly's broke. But for years, they've found machines - From, like, roman times. - No. No machines in roman times. Like that, though-- the old, sort of knob- on-a-stick machine. ( both laugh ) The old roman knob on a stick? I'm sorry, but I've watched "time team" every week And tony robinson has never done that-- An knob-on-a-stick machine. I just think of julius caesar sitting down And going, "okay, aqueduct, we love that. Thanks for that. Straight roads? Good idea. We can see the enemy coming." "well, I've"-- - "glonkticus, what have you got there? - Wanklicus." - ( stephen laughs ) "what I've got here is a ye olde knob And I've put that on the end of a stick." "oh, a stickus phallus? Well done, wanklicus. Well done. You are my new right-hand man, as they say. Excellent." But they do do stuff like that. You've been in the london museum and they've got Sort of sex stuff from years ago. They've got these metal pants that they used to wear. - I don't know what that is! - Metal pants? - Yeah, a sort of metal-- - a chastity belt, you mean? They used to make women wear them. No, but they have them for blokes as well, though. Metal pants for blokes? Why? No, I just think they liked sort of sexy metal pants. I don't know what you mean by sexy metal pants. Well, we'll have to look, 'cause I haven't got it in front of me. It's just something I remember seeing- sexy metal pants. But what are you saying? Sexy metal pants? Karl, that was no british museum- that was soho. That was old compton street. You were looking in a shop window. They always had to be ready for battle and that, But these were a little bit sexy, But protective at the same time. ( cackles ) I love that! Sir lancelot, are you ready to face the black knight? What do you think of these, huh? I want to look good on the battlefield. Will there be women watching, cheering us on? Well, you're not gonna fight like that, are you? I'm gonna wear nothing except these sexy metal pants. What about-- your chest is exposed. Well, it's a good chest. I've been working out. No, but what I mean is you want metal all over. I've actually been lifting up the round table. I just work out, do that about four times a day. But that machine, right, why-- Did it have to be a woman Or could they have got a little gay fellow in? I-- I-- - Let me just check. Um... - ( both laugh ) It doesn't actually specify in the small print. I love that. Why do you want to see a little gay fellow be-- No, I don't want to see it. I'm just saying-- - Karl, why do you want-- - I don't want to see it. Why do you want to watch a gay man get buggered by a robot? I wasn't the one typing in "gay machines" on the internet. - Steve was. - It's not a gay machine! You just made it into a gay machine. - Yeah. He wanted to pleasure women with this machine. You're saying, "can I see a little gay fellow Get a robotic cock up his ass?" You're the one requesting that, karl pilkington. I don't want that. I'm just saying-- You're the one that wants to see gay men With metal stuff up their anus. All I'm saying is They're up for a bit more experimentation than-- - What are you saying? Why is that the case? - Why? Why'd you say that? No, just-- just, you know-- Butt plugs and that. What I'm saying is-- You can't just say " butt plugs and that." I'm just saying that I reckon they'd be up for it. - What do you know about butt plugs? - I don't know anything. I just remember seeing an advert for some ones in a sex shop. What are you doing- what are you doing-- No, I wasn't. I was just walking past. I was walking past the sex shop and that. Mm-hmm. Why were you walking past a sex shop? It was on the way to work. I passed one. There was a little, sort of-- One: It was open early, which I never understood. Right? It was about 8: 00 in the morning. Who's rushing out for butt plugs that early in the morning? Yeah. Who needs them now, right? "I must get a bagel and some poppers on the way to work." I walked past and it had like a little st-it note-- A postcard type thing and it was like, "pop in now, buy an item, chuck in some free butt plugs." I didn't know what they were for. I'd never heard of them. All I'm saying is I've since found out what they do do with them. - What do they do with them? - And if they do do that with them, Give 'em a go on that. ( laughs ) I've another email here. It's an interesting fact. I'm hoping it's true. America's first nudist organization Apparently was founded in 1929 By three men. Now what intrigued me when I read that Is the fact that it's clearly three blokes Just trying to meet some nude women. They're all 52 and balding... Exactly. -...With little-sized gold-rimmed glasses. - Yeah. Yeah. - And they're just wandering around And it's all quite saggy down there. They're knocking on doors saying, "we've just set up an organization. It's above-board, completely legitimate. It's a nudist organization. Um, you got any women in there that want to come and join us? We don't have any female members at the moment. Got any women in there, you know, interested in volleyball or"-- I can't be dealing with that, me. You hate nudists, don't you? - Nudists. I don't understand what it's all about at the end of the day. And here's something: Do you know-- when you're a bloke nudist, Do you ever get any Who just have, like, a small knob? I don't understand the question. What's your point? Well, you know, are there any blokes Who just have a normal-sized knob or maybe a bit smaller than normal Who are happy wandering about showing off What they haven't got, if you know what I mean? I don't think nudists are doing it 'cause they're so proud of their knob. - ( laughs ) No, but there's got to be a little bit of that, isn't there? I'm just saying most blokes who are nudists, They must be pretty confident in themselves. I looked once. - Where are you hanging out? - What is this? - It's natural, that's what I'm saying. - What do you mean? Where was this happening? So you were in a gym and a lot of guys are getting changed And you're just checking out their knobs? You're at your bedroom window with a pair of binoculars And there was a little fellow across the road getting changed. I was at some night out once-- So you were at heaven and you were in the toilets. --At some night out And some people come running on the stage. Some music started coming on and these four people run out-- Two women-- - so you're at a gay strip club. It wasn't gay. It was just a normal night-- Well, some sort of party night out. These-- these people come running on, right? You got two women. You got two blokes. They whip their knickers off, the fellows whip their undies off. - At the same time? - Yeah, all at the same time. Was it like a choreographed thing? - Go on. - So that happened And all I'm saying is Before I had a look at the woman's bits, right, I just had a little cheeky glance at the fellas. - Both: Why? - Just checking it out. Just seeing is everything normal down there. Why weren't your eyes drawn instantly to the ladies' bits? I-- no, believe me, I had a look at that. - All I'm saying- - - but you went to the guys first. Just-- just-- I didn't know how long pants were gonna be left off for. So you didn't wanna miss your opportunity is what you're saying. You saw window of opportunity to see some men's bits And you thought "I'd better take it." - no no. - 'cause this may never happen again. - So what happened? So you-- there's two women, two men, right? Um, I don't know what sort of event this is Where you're looking at anyone get their knickers and pants off. I don't know why you're looking at all. So you go-- you go, "right. There's knickers and pants off, right. Let's check out the knob and testicles first." You're telling meyo- When you've been in a gym or anything, You've not just sort of turned your head, Had a look and gone, "yep, that's all right." So let's just get this question right. Have we ever been in a gym And just taken a sneaky glance at a man's genitals? - Is that your question? - Right. For me, it's the same as when you see someone Who's a bit odd- two heads or whatever. Well, I'll be honest. If I was in a gym and a bloke came in with two heads, I'd look. I'd try-- I'd get a sneaky glance in the mirror. I'd go-- Sorry, but you'd look at his genitals or his two heads? - His two heads. - Or would you sneak-- You'd look at the heads and then think, "I wonder if he's got two cocks." I don't-- have a look there. I tell you what-- now I admit it. If I'm ever in a gym and a naked man With two heads walks in, I probably will check out the genitals as well, Just to make sure that he's got two of everything. Can I tell you the thing that always freaks me out? I do sometimes go to the gym and I live in north london. And the thing that always freaks me out Is if there's an elderly man- often quite short-- Uh, I'm always freaked out 'cause there's at least two I'm aware of Who've got very very large penises. And I always find that really disturbing 'cause I-- you can't help but notice 'cause it's like godzilla coming through the changing room. Do you know what I mean? So that I do admit. That's the only instance where my eyes'd be naturally drawn to it. Do you know what annoys me in gyms? Where people walk around happily naked all the time whistling. They get weighed naked. Pop a towel on and take off three ounces. How exact have those measurements gotta be? Yeah. - Do you know what I mean? Pop a towel on. I mean unless you're going on the space shuttle, I reckon you could give or take a couple of-- couple of stone yeah. Exactly. Yeah yeah. Absolutely right. Well, we've- we've put that to bed. Karl, can I ask you a question? - Go on. I know this is what a lot of the fans are already wondering. Is there gonna be some monkey news today? - There's gotta be. - Of course there is. - Both: Yeah? - No question. Well, I don't-- I'm worried Because maybe this will steal your thunder. Sarah has emailed this in-- A chimp mauling under investigation. I know you were concerned 'cause this actually fuses Two of our greatest features- monkey news and knob news. It's just one- into one seamless whole. Investigators said they are trying to figure out How two chimpanzees that viciously attacked a visitor At an animal sanctuary escaped from their cage. This is the grim bit. The chimps chewed off a man's nose And severely mauled his genitals and limbs. Why did they go for his genitals? Both of 'em did as well. - Eh? - Both of 'em. Did you say two chimps? Uh, no, you're right. Yeah. It was chimpanzees, two. They just saw that they were dangling away and they-- "you go for the nose. I'll go for his bollocks." - What accent have they got there? - I don't know. Were they kind of new york gangster chimps? - "soprano" chimps? - ( laughing ) What-- what happened to 'em, anyway? Uh, well unfortunately, they were shot dead by the authorities. You see, that annoys me a bit. I know. Again-- - what are y? They were attacking people's gonads. I know, but they were happy a african jungle - A couple of years ago. - That was what they do, isn't it? That is what they do. But why aren't they just sort of tranquilized? Where was this? Why am I being accused like it was my fault? Just 'cause I happen to be- sarah who emailed in, That's the one who should be getting a bollocking. It just annoys me how one way, it's kind of like We're trying to save the pandas And then the next day someone's shooting 'em or whatever. I've talked about this before-- About st. George killed the last dragon. - Right? - No, it didn't exist. - ( laughs ) - karl: It's the same thing. No no, there-- there's never been any dragons. It's a mythical creature. By "mythical, " it means we made this up-- - Like the unicorn. - Well, I-- I don't even-- what was your point about the dragon? - What's that got to with this? - Because I'm saying How-- why is it all right to be going around Going mental with a gun, shooting all the monkeys and killing 'em? One day we're gonna run out. This is an animal sanctuary though. So presumably they had quite a cushy time there. The ones I've visited, they've got it easy. They're hanging around on tires. They got comfy chairs. They're wanking. They going berserk. They're loving it. But hang on a minute. You've just answered your own question there. You said they're in a sanctuary. So they haven't had a good upbringing. So they're gonna be a bit madder than other monkeys, aren't they? That's where the ill ones go, isn't it? So what do you understand by "sanctuary"? - Well, I've been to one for seals. - It's not like a borstal Yeah, exactly- he thinks it's a borstal! - It's like scum. - Yeah yeah, like they did Some bad stuff in the jungle And they had a little monkey court, And they went, "send him to borstal." Well, what is it then? No, it's a monkey sanctuary, Where like-- like a haven. It's not a haven, is it? They got a bullet in the head. Talking of, uh, eating knobs, Carol thatcher-- a daughter of one of our leaders. Well, you saw her in "I'm a celebrity... Get me out of here." She popped a couple of bollocks in the mouth, Chewed them up, swallowed 'em. Kangaroo, uh, penis there, dried. It was so tough, she couldn't even get through it. - Eventually, she eats it. - Was it like a pepperoni? Yeah and she-- what do you think of that, karl? What, eating that sort of stuff? - Yeah. I just-- I mean, I-- I-- I watch. I like those little trial bits, right? - Yeah. - But what-- What I don't think people realize is, right, It is hard eating a little kangaroo knob. Really? How do you know? No, it's just, you know, you think about it. You go, "oh, couldn't do that," right? But what they never mention on the tv program, Which I think takes it to the next level-- They're eating that like half past 7:00in the. Sure. -...Which is worse, isn't it? - Ricky: Yeah. - Do you know what I mean? If-- if-- if I was there, and-- and dec said, "right, karl, eat the knob," I'd go, "hang on a minute. Give us a few hours. Let me get some rice and that on my belly And just sort of fill me up a little bit more, I'll pop back about half 6: 00 this evening. Have it ready." And I'd be happier then. It's just-- it's just that thing of, you know-- You don't wanna-- you don't wanna eat animal genitals on an empty stomach. - So what are you saying? - I'm saying, like, I could eat-- I could eat a knob at night, but-- Just cut that there. We'll loop that. If any djs are listening, Uh, just take that quote, "I could eat a knob at night" By karl pilkington, maybe do a dance remix? Maybe sort of a house producer Could maybe get some kind of high-energy beat going And then we could just send that out to some of the gay clubs. I'm sure it'd be really popular. Please please, anyone, send us that looped With a nice little funky house beat-- Karl pilkington saying " I could eat a knob at night." It's that time again. It's what everyone's waiting for. Can you do the jingle for us? * oh, chimpanzee, that monkey news. * All right, this week, the monkey news is about-- We all know these monkeys knocking about - That aren't happy... - Right, yeah. - ...In this country. - Surely. It is a big problem. It's an epidemic. So they've set up this-- This place where they all go-- The ones that aren't happy in a zoo and what have you, It's getting 'em down. They can phone a number and they'll come and pick 'em up. Pop 'em in this- this house place, right? And basically they can run riot in there. They get freedom to sort of cheer themselves up. There's three people running this place, right? So these monkeys- big house and that-- Playstation. Anything. - Karl: Gym, all that. - Gym. One of them wanted to mess about with the woman's breasts. - Stephen: Which woman's breasts? - The woman who works there. - Stephen: Right. - Right? And she was like, "right, pack it in. We've all had a bit of fun." Uh, he'd been in the gym and everything, Obviously, you know, got a bit excited, Was fired up, ready for more action and that. He's trying to have a go on this woman's breasts, right? - She was like-- - have a go. She was like, "no, you're not doing that." Pack it in and all that. The boss who's running the place was like, "uh, come on. Let him have a go." Wait, you're talking shit. So anyway, right, so he's there and-- So the boss says, "yeah, you can have a grope"? The boss is saying, "let him have a go." "come on, rita, If monkey wants to play with nipples, let him." Soshe's li " I'm not happy with this." And he's going, "you know the rules here. We've gotta cheer these monkeys up." - This is absolute bollocks. - Actually, no. And in the end, because she didn't allow it to happen, The bloke sacked her, got someone else in. I want to see the advert He put in "the guardian" media page. I'd love that. "woman wanted to let chimp feel tits whenever it wants." Well, it's all up there. You're talking absolute shit again. - Well, we'll see. - There is no way that happened. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 