The Shadow Line: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Shadow Line 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Shadow Line (2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Bede begins his business with Babur the Turk to provide financial care for his wife,whose condition is worsening. Gatehouse persuades Andy to meet Wratten,telling him he 'messed up'. After Andy has told Wratten he heard his uncle's killer say "Bob Harris says Hello" he is shot dead,along with his family,by Gatehouse,making it look as if the young chauffeur pulled the trigger himself though Gabriel is not convinced and Patterson,his superior,gives him two weeks to solve the case. Dogged by annoying reporter Ross McGovern Gabriel and Honey stake out Harvey's sparsely-attended funeral,where a heavy named Beatty expresses his hatred of the deceased. Having heard that Gabriel never registered the operation where his partner was killed Honey has her doubts about his reliability and follows him to a house where he is welcomed by a woman who is not his wife and a little girl who calls him 'Daddy'. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Where have you been? Why didn't you go back on the night? I got scared. You must have guessed what was going to happen to him. It's a different thing to see it, though. I didn't realise... What? You should have gone back on the night. You should have told them everything you heard. That's what we agreed. And if you'd only done that 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you would have been straight off the hook and 10 grand richer. I don't want the money. That's lucky because you haven't got any. I've given it all to your mother, I think. And now you need to speak with Jay Wratten. He's threatened to kill my baby. That's why you need to speak with him. I just want out. You want out, you do exactly as I say. And this time to the letter, do you understand? Yes. Who have you spoken to apart from your mother? Sara and Wratten. -No one else? -No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good. Keep it that way and this could still work. Your mother gave me Wratten's number, call him. Tell him you were running from the police. Tell him you'll meet him at the Cross Arrow Inn on Hackney Road in 20 minutes. And then you tell him everything you heard. Everything you heard! Here, take this. Careful, it's a bit oily. Trust me, if you really knew Jay Wratten, you'd turn up in a Sherman fucking tank. (BEEPS) Go on. It was, um... It was Harvey who told me where to go. He said he had to meet someone. Did he say who? No. Just where to go. So that's where I took him, straight from the prison. And that's where we waited until he turned up. What, you saw him? No, he must have come up from behind the car. First I heard, he was tapping on Mr Wratten's window, and Mr Wratten, he's saying, "Bloody hell!" like he knows the guy. Not afraid or anything. Then, next thing, he tells me to turn on the ignition so he could put the window down, so I never saw his face. But I did hear his voice. Just before he... What did he say? He said... He said, "Bob Harris says hello." Good boy. (ANDY SIGHS) Now call your girlfriend. Use this, it's jammed. No one can hear. Why? -You want to protect her? -Of course. Then do as I say. She has a sister, right? A nurse. Recently relocated. And you keep an eye on the house for her. -Yes. -Yes. Tell her to go there. Tell her to speak to no one, to make sure she's not followed. Your baby's life depends on it. Tell her you'll meet her there. Now, do you understand? -I don't want any more to do with this. -It was you messed up, it's me putting it right. Do as I say and you'll be out of this. (DIALLING ON MOBILE PHONE) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Andy! Oh, God. I'm so sorry, yeah? It's all going to be all right, okay? (KNOCK ON DOOR) Stay here. (SIGHS) It's okay, yeah? Don't let the soup burn. Who is it? Me. Who were you expecting? I don't know. No one knows you're here? -No. -Are you sure? -Why? -It's not safe yet. But don't worry, by tomorrow it will be. And then you'll go to the police. -But... -It'll be fine. All you have to do is tell them exactly what you told Jay and then you'll be out of the picture, okay? (SIGHS) Okay. Good. So I have something for you. Can we go in there? Sure. It'll keep the wolf from the door. Rather a big wolf, actually. You know the worst bit? It wasn't just the shooting, it was the driving him down from the prison. He laughed all the way, just sitting there in the back, the sun on his face. All the way. And I laughed, too. Now I wish I hadn't. -He knew where he was going. -He didn't though, did he? Then he should have guessed. Harvey Wratten chose his road a long time ago, and all you did was drive him there. Where's Sara? In the kitchen. Smells good. It's just cans. I haven't had a proper meal in days. You'll be home soon. So, I'll leave you in peace. -What about... -Oh, of course. In the car, you said you hadn't realised something. -What was that? -What? What was it you said you hadn't realised? -It was nothing. -It must've been something. -Something you saw? -No. What did you see? -I didn't see anything. -Yes, you did. I didn't. I didn't see anything. Nothing at all. I don't want to see anything. I just... -I just want to get this over with. -But you did. You did see something. And you know why I know? Because I saw you, too. (THUDS) I didn't call you. No, you didn't. (SARA WHIMPERS, THUDS) GABRIEL: So how do we handle this? -HONEY: Don't look at me. -What? The kindest thing I could do to that is drop a brick on it. -(CAT PURRING) -GABRIEL: Yeah, don't listen to her. She's given up on the wonder of life. HONEY: Two murders and a suicide in one night, more than enough wonder for me. -(CAT PURRING) -GABRIEL: What are you doing, huh? -In what way? -It's still so young. I've seen enough. Around here no one gets a childhood. What would we normally do? I don't know. Never really thought about it. So, why start now? GABRIEL: Yes, yes, I love you, too. -Aw, you want it for yourself? -(CHUCKLES) What? No. My life is complicated enough. What are we going to do with you? Oh, Jesus Christ! If it worries you that much, get someone to stick it in a home. Yeah, well, I would do that if it was a real kid. Is that what I should do, is it? Put you in a home? Well, if it's between that and a brick, I suppose there's a chance the brick could always miss. Where did you get to be so insensitive? Probably from spending 10 years standing in rooms like this. Somehow it gets to kick the shit out of your mothering instincts. Excuse us, gents. (GRUNTS) You shouldn't have done that. You've just put yourself in the story. Technically, that's a theft. (SCOFFS) -Oh, right. No surprise there, then. -What? What? So he's just picking up where he left off? -What? -(CHUCKLES) -Oh, come on, you know. -No, I don't. -DS Delaney. -What about him? Double-dipping on impounded shit. If I were you, I'd be sure to bracket that sentence with "allegedly" and "unproven". Either way, he ends up getting stripped a rank and having to ride shotgun with Gabriel. -So? -So what do you think happened next? -I really don't know. -Well, whatever it was, they both ended up getting shot. You don't think that's a little bit strange? -No. -Well, you're on your own. -They were partners. -But partners in what? In an undercover operation that went wrong. Oh, yeah, something went wrong all right, but who's to say exactly what it was? Except, of course, Delaney, and he's dead. Oh, and Gabriel, and he's mysteriously lost his memory. Now, that is strange, even you can see that. -I'm not even in this. -You're his partner. You're in it whether you like it or not. Listen, you want to know so much, why don't you just ask him about it? -Face to face. -Maybe I should. But then, I'm just not sure which face I'd be talking to. Seems like he's got the two. I'll tell you what, Constable, you seriously want to start asking those kind of questions, -you'd best do it formally. -I'll tell you what, Sergeant. The night they went out, Gabriel didn't register the operation. I know, I checked the log. And right now, your partner appears to have a memory as blank as that page. But I can't help but wonder whether that's 'cause he failed to fill it in in the first place. Maybe there's something he wants us all to forget. Allegedly and unproven and all that bollocks. (PHONE RINGING) Look, I'm not buying. -Because? -Well, I have a literal smoking gun. I can attached it to both the killings and the killer. Andy Dixon used it to kill Harvey Wratten, and his mother and his girlfriend before turning it on himself. Ballistics match the bullets to each killing, along with firearms residue on his hand. And forensics match the oil stains on Dixon's shirt and trouser to the gun. On top of that, I have Dixon's post-mortem report, which notes, "Pre-mortem abrasions to Dixon's stomach matching the length of the barrel." Suggesting beyond reasonable doubt that in the last 24 hours before death, he'd been carrying the gun tucked into his trousers for a considerable period of time. So, I'm not buying 'cause I've already bought. -Motive? -What? For killing Wratten? -Yeah. -Dixon's brother, what's his name? -Tracy. -Mmm. Well, Tracy's in jail, and I notice from the transcription of your interview with Mrs Dixon that she alleges a collusion at his trial between us and Wratten's people to get Tracy sent down. Now, we're supposed to be the enemy but Wratten... (EXHALES) Wratten was meant to be the friend. So, motive? Revenge. Timed to the first opportunity. (CHUCKLES) Tell you, I've not only bought, I've bought full price. And the family? I had this case... A businessman. Lost all his money, killed his family, then himself, before any of them could find out. I mean, no one could say absolutely why he did it, but perhaps Dixon believed that after killing Wratten there'd be a revenge none of them could hope to escape. Perverse as it may seem to us, maybe he was trying to protect them. All I know is that when killers kill, they're not thinking straight. That's why they do it. What happened to the helicopter? Why? Trying to cut down on your commute? If we'd had a chopper, we wouldn't have lost him. What can I say? It's a bad world, Jonah. And inconvenient as it may be for you and me, when bad things happen, they don't just happen one at a time. He was just a boy. Oh. You think a child's incapable of that type of crime? Jesus, you have been away too long. Long enough maybe to see things differently. Well, I have seen enough. The case reads well, it all holds up, I like it. I've bought it. Terminado. Unless you have anything else... Your boss told me that you'd asked for me on this case personally. Khokar? Hmm. What a leaky ship he is. -Why'd you do that? -Why shouldn't I? But why did you? You think I can do this? Oh, I don't think, Gabriel, I know. You're the very best. And I mean that in black and white. 'Cause you don't just walk the line, you put yourself right out there in the light -for everyone else to see. -That's my job. Yes, it is. And that's why I asked for you to do this one. So this is me doing it. I don't believe that Andy Dixon killed Harvey Wratten. Okay. So, I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to shut this show down right now. Why? -It's all there. Everything I need. -With a few loose threads. That I'm going to give you... two weeks to tie up. -On my own? -With Honey. Share the load. -A month. -Three weeks. What if I find something? Then I'll have been proved right, won't I? Oh, by the way, how is it with you and that journalist? The one you spat your teeth at during the launch? -McGovern? -Mmm. Well, put it this way, whoever gets to wring that fucker's neck gets a free pass from me. (CHUCKLES) Probably best if I handle the press, then. Go solo. Well, just as long as you get the facts straight. Listen, it won't matter a damn what I say. The only thing they'll want from me is a picture of Andy Dixon and his family at Christmas. Preferably with him holding a turkey knife. Sir. What does it mean? It's your life. And mine, when I joined it. -When was that? -There. And that's when we got married, and that's when we last came here. -Remember that? -What? Our honeymoon? Did you want me? Oh, yeah. I still do. I don't know where to turn. You don't have to. We'll face it together. Mr Babur is interested in your proposal. Good. But he wants Bob Harris sewn into it first. That's part of the plan. He doesn't want there to be any trouble between you. There won't be. Tell Mr Babur I'll speak to Mr Harris and get back to him when I have. You must be quick. I know. (DISH CLATTERING) -What are you doing? -Well, they won't get done on their own. No, don't put that in there, that's not dishwasher proof. -Sorry. -I'll have to do it all over again now. Shouldn't you be getting dressed? We've got a couple of hours yet. Time to bury the bodies. -What? -Isn't that what you do? -What? -The graveside. No, darling, I'm a flower man. Remember? Yeah. Flowers for a funeral. Whose funeral? -Why are you doing this? -It's my job. Just like it's yours. -My job is to do as I'm told. -You've been told to do this. Officially, the case is closed. The job's done. Not in here, it's not. What do you know in there that other people don't? -That something's not right. -What with? What do you think? -People talk, you know. -About what? About you. And the partners you choose. And what do they say? That DS Delaney double-dipped. -That was before they gave him to me. -And what did you do with him? I straightened him out. 'Cause that's the kind of person you are, right? So what about this? You register this? -What? -This operation. I mean, I know it's unofficial and everything -but you've still got to register it. -I know. I did. And what about the night you got shot with Delaney? You register that before you went out? Why wouldn't I have? I'm not saying you didn't. But just so as you know, whatever happens this time, it won't be DS Delaney standing beside you, it'll be me. And I'm not looking to check out just yet. Sod it, McGovern. If you want to kill yourself, go ahead, but not with me on the back. Relax, we were fine. -I have a partner and kids. -Yeah? Me too. Then act like it. This is just a job, right? Relax. (CAMERA CLICKING) What? Well, there's nothing to see. If there was a thousand people out there right now, not one of them would be worth a shot. In that business, people with big funerals, they've got nothing to hide. They just want to show everyone they're something they're not. But you want to photograph a real crime lord's funeral, then keep snapping. You'll never get a better one than that. Well, well, well. Fancy finding you in a graveyard. Does that mean it's too late to hear your confession? Only if I put you six foot under. (LAUGHS) Is that a real threat? Should I be consulting my lawyer... You go near my wife again and I'll be consulting mine. -That for a divorce? -I am warning you! I think you have to arrest me first, don't you? All right, boys, raise your antlers. Wow, I can... I can see why Patterson chose to handle the press on his own. I hope he wore surgical gloves. (CLEARS THROAT) No, they were... They were kid, actually. Yeah. Pure billy goat kid. You know, there was coffee and buns and everything. It was... You know, it was a funny thing. I mean, going to all that trouble to tell us that the case was closed and yet... here you are, still struggling with the latches. HONEY: Who's that? -(CAMERA CLICKING) -GABRIEL: I don't know. (DOOR BANGING SHUT) -What are you doing here? -I'm not sure, Jay. You going to tell me? You shouldn't be here. Of course, if it wasn't for your uncle, I'd be everywhere, wouldn't I? I mean, literally everywhere. -That wasn't down to me. -Really? And what about my wife and kids? Because they were there, too. Well, you've all the more reason to be grateful, then, haven't you? Really? Or did your lot put my family in harm's way just to save yourselves? You're not the one in the coffin. And I'm not the one who tried to get myself out of prison. But you were the one who put us in there in the first place. But you made the mistake, remember? Mmm... Well, we'll see about that, won't we? I won't be played, Jay. Especially when I don't know the rules. Well, you'd better get off the field, then, before you get caught in a naughty tackle. Or before someone calls "foul". (LAUGHS) Poor little lamb. And now that Bo Peep's dead, where are you going to run to next? Straight to the knackers yard, I reckon. Are you trying to get me riled? Because you're going to have to try a lot harder than that. Don't worry. I intend to. All right, go after him. -But what if he's in a car? -Get a plate. -And McGovern? -I'll deal with him. (MOTORCYCLE ENGINE REVVING) (SHOUTING) McGovern! You're not going anywhere on that. Your ride is busted. The bike is busted! For Christ's sake. Gabriel. Hey! You have no idea the pleasure this will give me. You're going to pay for this. You don't touch my fucking bike. (LAUGHS) You're going to pay for this. -(GASPS) -Who are you? (BOTH GRUNTING) (PANTING) (HONEY EXCLAIMS) (BOTH CONTINUE GRUNTING) (SCREAMING IN PAIN) (BOTH PANTING) -Scissors. I win. Who are you? -Police. Yeah, well, you're not a very good one. You've been following me, why? Harvey Wratten? There was nothing to see. Except you. Thought you people had closed the case. What are you looking for? You the SIO? (LAUGHS) Who's your SIO? I'll find out and when I do, expect a visit. Be sure to make an appointment first, hate to see you get stopped at the door. Oh, don't worry, I won't. Back off. You kill a cop, you'll never see daylight. Where'd you get that from, a five-day course in Hendon? You're not on the crash mat now, love. Back off. MAURICE: We're early. BEDE: We'll wait. MAURICE: I don't like waiting. BEDE: Get used to it. I think I should have gone to Harvey's funeral. You couldn't have. You said all of this was all about putting that in there. It is. So with Harvey, he's been putting that on my table for over 40 years. And if you'd had gone to his funeral, how long before the police had come knocking at your door? (SIGHS) Jesus, Joseph. It's not all about business. -How old are you, Maurice? -Fifty-eight. You looking to retire soon? I don't know. Am I? Are you going to be pulling down a state pension? (SCOFFS) Unlikely. Yeah. Because that's not the way we work, is it? The State's not there for us and we're not there for them. We don't give and we don't ask. Because we don't have to. We're better led, incentivised, organised and rewarded than any of them out there. We live in different worlds. And the only thing we have to do to keep it that way is make sure the lines between us never ever cross. What does that make you, then? Harry Potter? I'll make you a rich man if you keep in line. Nobody asked you to take control, Joseph, but you have. -You want to pick up the reins? -No. They have a nasty habit of strangling you. Well, whatever happens, don't come to my funeral. -All right, Joseph? -Bob, how's it going? What, this? I'd stick my head in a bonfire if it'd give me a lungful of smoke. A word? So, it was one of your own who did for Harvey. -The police seem to think so. -But you don't? Anything that keeps the pigs away from my trough, -I'm happy to go along with. -(HARRIS CHUCKLES) -And Glickman? -Gardening leave. (HARRIS LAUGHS) So that leaves you. You got a problem with that? -Where's that boy? -Jay? He's at Harvey's funeral. While you're here doing business. Exactly. So what do you want to talk about? The future. Yours and mine. (CAR ENGINES STARTING) Happy? Get in touch with the Babur's people. Tell 'em Bob Harris is onboard. -Why didn't you tell me? -You had a funeral to go to. When did you get to be so clever? By working out who I could trust. Yeah, well, you might want to add that one up again. ANDY DIXON: He must have come from behind the car. First I heard, he was tapping on Mr Wratten's window. Then, next thing, he tells me to turn on the ignition so he could put the window down, so I never saw his face. But I did hear his voice. Just before he... JAY: What did he say? ANDY: He said... He said, "Bob Harris says hello." -Do you believe him? -I wouldn't be playing it if I didn't. -Did you force him to say it? -Why would I do that? I just wanted to hear the truth. And it seems to me like I'm the only one who does. By scaring the shit out of him. Now, you see, this is interesting. All your big speeches about leadership and chains of command and all that bollocks, and yet here you are showing more concern for the foot soldier than the sergeant, now, why is that? That's not proof. Now, I'm sure a genius like you would have already worked out who had more to gain, Little Andy or Bob Harris. So maybe it takes a simpleton like me to notice that if it wasn't Harris who had Harvey murdered, then, um, the next name on the list would be you. I never wanted any of this! I'm not a leader. I'm just a fucking lieutenant and that's all I was ever supposed to be. Your uncle had me buried for five years for this up to my fucking neck! And now, just when I'm going to get something out of it, somebody goes and kills him. What, someone who maybe didn't need him any more? I'm not looking for an empire. I'm just looking to survive! (LAUGHS) Who with? Bob Harris? That's cosy. All right, I'll tell you something. A secret. I'm in for this deal and then I'm out. -Out of what? -The lot. You want it, you can have it. You want an empire, you got your first brick. You can build on it or you can burn it down, I don't care. Why would you do that? Because that's what me and Harvey agreed. I had nothing to gain from his death, nothing. It just made it harder. I had to stick this together on my own. But now, with Babur to supply, Harris to distribute and us as the warehouse, we're ready to go again. Just as Harvey would have wanted. Yeah, but except you're just going to put his killer in the loop. If I have, you can put it round his neck, but not until this deal's done. How can I be sure that you will do as you say? You have my word. -What's that worth? -I don't know, Jay, depends how good a judge of character you are. Bob Harris killed Harvey Wratten. You and I know that. Then you can deal with him. But if I was you, I'd take his money off him first. (JAY DRUMMING FINGERS) Where you going to go with it, if we do? Completely out of the picture. Oh, yeah, where's that? Where it matters most. Hello. -How did it go? -Well. It went well. I bet you didn't expect you'd have to knock me out to get me pregnant. Hey, don't, don't. Why, 'cause we're not at that part of the cycle yet? What? -Six times. -And it'll be the last. You're so certain. And you're not. We used to have to do that, you know. -Prehistoric times. -What? Knock you out first. Come here. -She tried to kill me. -NURSE: Julie! -I know it. You want me to die. -NURSE: Julie! Julie, stop it! Stop it! Julie! I love you. (SCREAMING) It's all right. (SCREAMING CONTINUES) NURSE: No... -I'm sorry, it was my fault. -What? -I shouldn't have asked you to do it. -I had to ask and she answered me. -That was only because she was afraid. -No, she was right. You put your wife in a home, it's only one step to the grave. No, Joseph. She's losing everything. Everything. -That's why I think... -But she won't lose me. And I won't ask again. This will happen more and more. -But there'll be times in between? -Yes. Then I'll wait for those. But then there's the cost of it all. I'll pay. -She needs round-the-clock care. -I'll pay. So... Are you going to shed a bit of light on this for me? Well, that depends on what you want to know. I think there's a few on your side might be playing for both teams. Pensions aren't what they used to be. Why do you think I'm here? MCGOVERN: No, this is, uh... This is big-time. World Cup stuff. And you want their names. That'd need a World Cup payment. I already have 'em. (CLEAR THROAT) They're recycling. From your side in, then back out again. How very green of them. -When? -When? Well, I know it ended 13 months ago. -So what don't you know? -Who was buying. There's an awful lot of that going on. I'll need a little more. Well, one of your guys ended up getting shot. Dead. Oh, yes. I do remember that one. Delaney. And the other one is still running around with a bullet in his head and I'd like to know why. -For how much? -Well, that depends where it takes me but...if it goes where I hope, it would be a pension worth having. Pop that in the 5:30 for me, will you? I thought you were looking to put your feet under a desk? Yeah. Yeah, I am. So why are you doing this? He broke my bike. Wanker. That must be quite a shock for you, sir, to see the day on which you got shot. There are no other logs? Oh, no, sir. I've checked. Coco. Come here. Come here. Don't be getting any ideas. You were right. I didn't register the operation the night Delaney was killed. Why not? I don't know. (SIGHS) Most people, Jonah, they have a crash, they may not remember the impact but they still know why they got in the car. Well, I don't. 'Cause right now I've got a bullet where that particular memory should be. Then maybe you should take that as a reminder. -To do what? -Draw a line across the past. Why? Selfishly, sir, because I don't want to have to be there if you decide to go back to it. To what? To whatever it is that's troubling you. You think I'm a bad cop. Honestly? I think you're a good one. Yeah, how do you know? How could I not? It comes with the card and you've still got one. -Where are you taking it? -Battersea Dogs Home. A brick would save you the petrol. -And you'd really drop it? -Don't test me. You wouldn't say that if you had a kid. Well, I don't. I'll see you tomorrow. Night, sir. (CAT SNARLING) (GRUNTS) (CAR LOCK BEEPS) It's daddy! I've got a surprise for you. Look what I've got for you. Hey, thanks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 