Ancient Aliens: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ancient Aliens 
 s2e8 - Unexplained Structures - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ancient Aliens (2009–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Unexplained Structures - full transcript 
 From The History Channel : "If ancient aliens visited Earth, can evidence of their existence be found in the mysterious structures that still stand throughout the world? Inexplicably, megalithic structures found on different continents are strikingly similar, and the cutting and moving of the massive stones used to build these magnificent feats would be a struggle for modern day machinery, let alone ancient man. Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the standing stones in Carnac, France were used as an ancient GPS system for ancient flying machines. The recently discovered Gobekli Tepe in Turkey, which has been dated back 12,000 years, has finely chiseled pillars that experts describe as a Noah's Ark in stone. Is it possible that extraterrestrials assisted primitive man in constructing these unexplained structures? If so, what was the purpose of these grand projects?" 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ancient stone fingers reaching for the sky, and stretching out over several miles. People who were basically one step removed from cavemen were quarrying these giant stones, some of them weighing 100, 200 tons... even up to 350 tons. A complex of stone structures dating back more than 10,000 years. It just stands there, asking us to go figure, "how was this done?" "What's the background to this?" Were they meant to be seen by people in the sky? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who could have been flying at that time other than extraterrestrials? And the remains of an Incan temple, reported to have otherworldly origins. They wanted that in the far future, a "Have you been visited by outer space?" Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings. What if it were true? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history? And if so, is there an extraterrestrial explanation for the earth's most mysterious, unexplained structures? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 # Ancient Aliens 2x08 # Unexplained Structures Original Air Date on December 16, 2010 Located more than 500 Miles away from the crowded streets of Istanbul is Sanliurfa in southeastern Turkey. There, in 1994, on a dusty hilltop, a local Shepherd noticed the tip of a stone sticking out of his field. He began to dig, eventually unearthing a 19-foot pillar. Its edges were precise, and rising from its center was a relief carving of a strange animal. Upon closer examination, it appeared that the finely-chiseled stone had been fashioned by talented stonemasons, working with advanced tools. When word of the discovery reached the scientific community, one fact became obvious. A kurdish Shepherd had stumbled upon what is perhaps the most astonishing archeological discovery in modern times, a site known as Gobekli Tepe. For 13 years, a German archeology team has been meticulously going into a hill, and they have been doing carbon dating as deep as they go. And it has taken them 13 years to uncover only five percent of a gigantic civilization. They know what's under the ground. Circles upon circles upon circles. Perfect circles in stone. And rising up out of those stone circles are huge, sculpted columns, 19 feet high, 15 tons per column. Test results have supported the idea that Gobekli Tepe is nearly 12,000 years old, almost 7,000 years older than Mesopotamia's fertile Crescent, long heralded as the cradle of civilization. Gobekli Tepe, the oldest advanced site now on our planet. We know of no other site that is this advanced. It has now doubled the history of humanity. And right there is this gigantic site with huge, megalithic, circular structures. It just stands there, a mystery, asking us to go figure, "how was this done?" "What's the background to this?" We don't know who made them. They just come out of the darkness of the last ice age, where we know nothing, and enter the stage of history, already fully formed. And to my mind, this is indicative of a major forgotten episode in human history. Could the discovery of Gobekli Tepe radically change our understanding of human history? And might proof of an ancient civilization provide evidence that mankind's most puzzling myths might actually be based in fact? A lot of myths, a lot of legends suggest that there were past civilizations of astounding sophistication at incredibly early periods. I think we have little glimmers, little suggestions around the world that there was something going on, much higher, much more sophisticated at a much earlier period of time. To put things into perspective, Gobekli Tepe is 12,000 years old. That is several thousand years earlier in age than Stonehenge and the great pyramid. And indeed, according to biblical tradition, the world really began in 4000 B.C. And yet, that is 8,000 years later than the foundation of Gobekli Tepe. So, clearly, we have here something that contradicts our normal understanding of the evolution of civilization. Curiously, after 13 years of digging, archeologists investigating the ancient site have failed to recover a single stonecutting tool. Nor have they found any agricultural implements. How in the world can you contemplate 19-foot-tall, perfectly-sculpted columns that are 11,000 to 12,000 years old, and no tools? The mystery of Gobekli Tepe is further compounded by the ancient stone carvings found throughout the site. They depict creatures like armadillos, wild boars and geese... animals not indigenous to the region. We see various types of creatures, different animals, birds, insects, and even abstract human forms that seem to come together to create this very weird menagerie which has totally baffled the archeologists who have uncovered this site. Now what they represent is a matter of speculation, but it's my intuition that they may even represent an ark in stone. Located less than 350 Miles from mount Arara the site many biblical scholars believe to be the resting place of Noah's ark, the animal carvings of Gobekli Tepe suggest a time in the region's history when the indigenous animal population may have been of a totally different anthropological origin. But do these carvings actually provide historical proof of the great flood that was described in the Bible? Archeologists are aware that there are more than 2,000 myths of a great flood which destroyed an earlier civilization. Some researchers theorize that the events of a cataclysmic flood and a story similar to that told of Noah's ark was recorded on the stone pillars of Gobekli Tepe. If true, that would push the date of the great flood back to the end of the last ice age, far earlier than the biblical period. There is evidence that this may have ended quite catastrophically. There was a lot of things happening. Um, a lot of migrations. Possibly waters rising up very quickly. A lot of rapid changes in lifestyles. But another, perhaps even more profound, question remains. Who built Gobekli Tepe? For what purpose? And how did such an ancient site remain in nearly pristine condition for more than 10,000 years? In the case of Gobekli Tepe, we find that the site was carefully placed underneath sand. This site was buried. It appears as if somehow the usage of Gobekli Tepe was no longer there, and that people moved on, but had such a reverence to this important site that rather than destroy it, they put it to peace by burying it. But why would the area's inhabitants carefully bury their monuments under 20 feet of sand? Is it possible that Gobekli Tepe was deliberately buried in order to protect it from invaders? Or might the intention have been to preserve it, in hope, someday, to return? You have to ask yourself, why is someone building these massive structures all over the world? And many of them are very similar. It leaves us to think that there is some connection between all these ancient sites... That the builders were all doing it for a similar purpose. I do see a similarity across the globe from megalithic sites where these past cultures explain that they were built by the gods. But were they really gods? Or could they have been extraterrestrials? Perhaps the answers can be found by examining another ancient site, one located half a world away in the mountains of Peru. Peru, home of the world's longest Mountain range, the Andes, the spine of South America. Here in a high river valley, among peaks towering over 20,000 feet, the Inca established their capital city of Cuzco, which thrived for over 300 years... Until Spanish conquistadors arrived in the 16th century. Above Cuzco, at an elevation of more than 12,000 feet, looms the ancient fortress of Sacsayhuam?n, whose immense stone walls may hold secrets which predate the Inca themselves. My feeling, very strong feeling, is that we're looking at a two-phase construction site in many of the so-called Inca stone monuments. And that the Inca structures sit on top of much more ancient rock-cut structures and megalithic structures that we just don't know who built them. And this actually fits with the Incas' own view. Like many Inca sites, Sacsayhuam?n features astonishing stonework... But not all of it credited to the Inca. According to conventional archeology, the Killke culture built the older sections of the site approximately 1,000 years ago. But the Inca themselves believed the site was constructed by an earlier unnamed race of people, led by a powerful God who descended from the skies. Throughout time there has been witness to a God named Virococha that visited the South American people and blessed them and gave them all types of technology. And some of his physical characteristics make him stand out from the indigenous population, because he was a very tall, pale-skinned, white-haired being. But did this God Virococha actually exist? Could he have been, as ancient astronaut theorists suggest, a visitor from an alien world? If so, it might help to explain just how the ancient site was constructed. This rock weighs about 20 tons. This is miniscule compared to many of the rocks at Sacsayhuam?n. Today we have heavy machinery to move such stones. But in the ancient times, especially the Inca, they would have used massive human workforces working for massive amounts of time. A rule of thumb is it takes about ten to 20 men to move a one-ton rock. So when you're talking hundreds of tons, you're talking thousands of men. What we see is a culture who have got the technology to quarry giant blocks of stone... move them to the site where they want to build and then to stack and cut and articulate these massive blocks into, in some cases, almost indestructible structure. You talk about granite, you're talking about a composition of feldspar, mica and quartz. So you'd need diamond to actually abrade it or cut it. We would use diamond today to cut granite. Those are the kind of discoveries that lead one to question whether they were really using the tools in the ancient toolbox, or whether there was something else at work. Shaman Jorge Delgado has spent most of his life studying the mysterious structures of Peru... Many built prior to the rise of the Inca empire. It's amazing... all the weight of the stones. You know, it's difficult, definitely, for any human to move, even in groups. And the other aspect is how it's put together. In some stones, we will see, still now there is like some marks that it seems that it was dissolved. The walls are put together with blocks of stone weighing 50 or 100 tons, cut and shaped like the pieces of a Jigsaw puzzle, so that they lock together so tightly that you can't even get a sheet of paper between them. There are signs in many of these stones that show very large amounts of thermal heat have been applied to mold the stones in such a way that they fit perfectly. And so it really does raise a lot of questions. If you look at the style the Sacsayhuam?n wall was built, the blocks look as if they've been molded like putty. If you can mold stone into place, then all of a sudden, as crazy as this sounds, it makes more sense because there is no mortar that has been used. According to local legend, a bird was responsible for the seamless construction. Legends say the winged creature carried a powerful chemical in its beak... a substance capable of melting stone. Sacsayhuam?n means "the head of the falcon," falcon's head. But maybe it was some falcons or maybe some bird people who could connect with the place. But is it possible, as ancient astronaut theorists suggest, that the mythical bird might actually have been a spacecraft piloted by alien visitors known to the locals as space brothers? I believe that it's a combination of the space brothers' technology with other kind of possibilities. Nowadays we know, well, different kind of tools. We didn't have before these kind of tools. Or maybe we had more sophisticated. So the thing is that this place, Sacsayhuam?n, it continues as a mystery. So looking at all these sites with these perfectly stacked stones, we're looking at a type of technology that's not used anywhere else on Earth. I don't discount human ingenuity, but that type of engineering that we still can't duplicate today must raise a flag for further consideration. It's almost extraterrestrial, in a sense. Someone had to have taught them these techniques. But whether the process of forming the large megalithic stones involve the use of thermal energy or a mysterious chemical, one thing is certain. The ancient builders used the technique on a vast scale. But why? What was the intended purpose of creating such intricately built stone structures? So we can't really give an answer as to what they were being used for other than we know that the extraterrestrials more than likely are the source of what they call "gods". How did they get here? More than likely in some type of craft, and very possibly, they could have been using these large megaliths as platforms to land on. But if Sacsayhuam?n was in fact constructed by alien visitors, might there be additional evidence of their time on earth at other ancient sites around the world? Perhaps there is. And the path to that evidence is clearly marked in stones. Few sites on Earth are as majestic or as treacherous as the jagged region of Brittany located on the northwest coastline of France. Here can be found the legendary Carnac stones... a collection of over 3,000 massive rocks arranged in rows and other shapes and spreading across more than two miles of french countryside. You're talking thousands of stones that are aligned in straight rows, aligned in circles, aligned in squares and rectangles. Why are people doing this? Why are th putting so much time and energy into something? And the short answer, I believe, is that we really don't know. According to local legend, the megaliths were originally invading roman soldiers turned to stone by Merlin the magician. But if it wasn't magic that created this forest of stones, who or what did? Modern archaeologists would say that people who were one step removed from cavemen were quarrying these giant stones, some of them weighing 100, 200 tons... even up to 350 tons... and then somehow moving them into place. When you first look at the stones here at Carnac, they seem to be in haphazard shapes, but on closer examination we can see that most of the stones have been cut on one side or another. And in fact, these granite megaliths are magnetized with the earth, and nearly all of them come to a point. Stone magnets? Is it possible that these stones were really cut in position in such a way as to create some sort of geomagnetic field? But why? Carnac as a place is highly charged with energy. As you walk down these stone corridors, you can feel this charge. Many tourists who come here also like to touch the stones and feel the energy coming off of it. The people who built Carnac must have been highly knowledgeable of the earth's energy fields. According to a concept known as the "world grid theory", certain places on our planet contain higher magnetic forces than others. An interesting coincidence for all the megalithic structures we have around the earth is that they're placed at specific points that could be harnessing an ancient world energy grid. There are certain spots around the world which have traditionally been sacred, hallowed, vortexes. Energy feels different there. The ancient stone monuments were built to harness that force and that potential to create a funnel-like vortex. When we look at things like the Giza pyramids or Machu Picchu or Baalbek in Lebanon, all of these are placed at specific geo-coded locations which relate to this world energy grid. Could Carnac be one of these locations? And might the combination of geomagnetic properties and the unique shapes of the stones themselves have allowed ancient builders to actually manipulate gravity? If so, where did this knowledge come from? And what ultimate purpose did it serve? It wasn't until we were able to see these stones from above, in a helicopter, that we realized that Carnac was meant to be seen from the sky above us. And that is one of only three things that you can see from outer space. That's Nazca, the Great Wall in China and Carnac. Were they meant to be seen by people in the sky? And who could've been flying at that time other than extraterrestrials? At one end of the Carnac alignment, aerial researchers identified a stone circle similar to the one found at Stonehenge. At the other end, investigators on the ground discovered a rectangle of stones, one that had been buried for centuries. Both groupings appeared precisely placed to predict both the summer and the winter solstice. And when even more closely examined from above, the solstice points and the alignment of Carnac's many rows of stones reveal yet another geometric phenomenon: The shape of a Pythagorean, or right triangle, covering many square miles. But how could the builders of Carnac have had knowledge of a sophisticated mathematical theorem approximately 2,000 years before its discovery by the Greek mathematician Pythagoras? These conclusions about the pythagorean theorem doesn't come from me; It actually comes from quite advanced mathematicians who have looked at these alignments and made the calculations. We're talking stone age time, and they knew about a squared plus b squared equals c squared? They knew about it, yes, but why? Who told them this? At the time, extraterrestrials told our ancestors, "put this stone here, put this stone there", with the idea that a future generation would have to stumble across this mathematical riddle, that somebody would say, "hold on a second." This was erected during the stone age, yet here we have advanced mathematics. "How is this possible?" Now these extraterrestrials, they ask themself, "how could we give them a sign?" And there was a suggestion made in French Brittany... kilometers of stone lines in the form of a triangle. Gigantic triangle. So we have the sign. We have the information. But nobody looks at it. It's time to change our attitude to these things. I think that these stones are transmitting energy that extraterrestrials or others in airships could pick up this energy like a GPS system or some kind of airport beacon and use it for navigating the entire planet. Gigantic triangles made of stone. Geomagnetic phenomenon. The possibility of an extraterrestrial encounter with humans thousands of years ago. But if alien visitors did touch down at Carnac, where else did they land? And where did they come from? Perhaps a recently discovered archaeological site in Armenia will provide the answer. The Syunik province, Southern Armenia. Approximately 140 miles southeast of the nation's capital, Yerevan, lies the city of Sisian. Nearby sits a high plateau where hundreds of ancient stones, some weighing more than 50 tons, stretch over a third of a mile. This is Carahunge, also known as the Armenian stonehenge. Estimated to be approximately 7,500 years old, Carahunge predates the British stonehenge by more than 4,500 years. The site is made of 203 slabs of basalt. At the structure's center stands the stone circle, or henge. When most people hear of stone henges, they think of the Stonehenge in England. But there are hundreds of these, uh, henges, or stone circles, scattered all across Europe. What they were and how they were used is still a mystery. Mainstream archeology still doesn't agree on who lived there or who the builders were of that site. What we do know, though, is that the entire site is definitely a part of some type of an astronomical model. But how could this simple circular array of stones have given early man information about the stars? Is it possible that Carahunge might be the world's oldest observatory? In September of 2010, England's Oxford university sent an expedition to investigate. What makes this exceptional megalithic monument unique are the small holes, which have been bored into the rock at different angles. There are 85 stones with holes. They're like telescopes. What we see with these holes is that they are pointed at different alignments to positions, uh, on the horizon or into the night sky. Uh, what they're pointing at is still a mystery to us. But we can say with certainty from the archaeological evidence that they were some sort of way to connect man and his life on earth to the heavens above. That we can say that people were systematically trying to understand their place in the solar system. This site is also called the Zorats Karer, which means "the stones of the powerful." And what has been determined is that the outline of these stones actually does correspond to the constellation known as Cygnus, or the swan... Which, in certain cultures, is also referred to as the vulture. Cygnus has always been seen among cultures around the world for many, many thousands of years as a point of entry and exit into the sky world... this belief in a power in the stars, the idea that we come from the stars and actually return there in death. The early greeks, Chinese and others also believed that Cygnus had a special power or unique significance. But why? Why would so many ancient cultures around the world have similar myths about the same constellation? The only reason why I would do this, if I were on a foreign planet, is to give a message to future generations to say, "hey. Nudge, nudge. This is where we came from." Although, today, it is no longer possible to see Cygnus through the notches of Carahunge, many theories exist as to why the position of the constellation has changed so drastically. This site dates back to antiquity, where the earth's axis was in a different position. And you had the constellation visible in the sky at that time because of the fact that the earth was on a different tilt of its axis entirely. Mainstream scientists have calculated that the earth's axis slowly changes, or wobbles, over a 26,000-year period. But there are other researchers who believe these shifts happen more suddenly and dramatically. They claim that when these events occur, they cause major climate changes... Flooding of biblical proportion... and the widespread destruction of life. But if these rapid shifts did occur, might Carahunge have been designed to provide something of a warning? It's possible that the Armenian stonehenge was one of the initial sites where ET's came to visit. And if there had been some sort of shift on the earth's axis before, if there were periodic cataclysms, then maybe there is a time cycle in which those cataclysms happen. And maybe these ancients were very concerned about watching the astronomical alignments because they wanted to make sure that this wasn't going to happen again. But could alien visitors from other worlds have come to this spot even before carahunge was built? Perhaps petroglyphs in the area... much older than the standing stones... offer even more clues. The petroglyphs go back to a much earlier time, so I think my first point is not to confuse the petroglyphs, which are from 10,000 years before Christ, with carahunge itself. When the stones went up, it was probably 3,000 to 2,000 years before Christ. There are thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of images of humanoid figures on the site. Some of them are quite distorted and difficult to understand and interpret. The Armenian stonehenge also has some interesting carved wall reliefs that show humanoid-looking beings. Now, many people have speculated that these could be possibly extraterrestrial. We look at the very bulbous shaped heads, slanted eyes. Very similar to what we see in a modern-day gray alien. Look at the eyes, look at the shape of the head. What's interesting in this carving right here, those extraterrestrials are holding some type of a disc. You've got this sphere that's sort of just floating there in midair. Is it possible that these here represent flying discs? And the answer is yes, because again, this is a human rendering of something that they witnessed a long time ago. And it had to have been compelling enough for them to carve this into stone. Could these ancient stone carvings actually be primitive portraits of visitors from the sky? Did ancient astronauts really use carahunge as some sort of landing site or early portal? If so, what secrets did they leave behind? And could they still be helping to create stone monoliths, even in our own time? Homestead, Florida. 30 miles south of Miami. This former agricultural town is home to one of the most mysterious structures in North America, a stone garden made of sculpted blocks of ancient coral, some weighing 30 tons. It's called the Coral Castle. Spread over several acres, the complex formations and intricate designs of the stone walls and sculptures marvel tourists. But unlike other great structures around the world, this site is not ancient. Coral castle in Florida is often said to be, uh, the only modern megalithic structure ever built. In 1923, Ed Leedskalnin, a Latvian immigrant, began building what he originally called rock gate park. But believe it or not, Leedskalnin insisted that he was not using modern machinery to build the impressive structure. He also claimed that he was working alone. Well, Ed was a hermit, and Ed was a loner. And he was a foreigner. And he was a recluse. And a scientist. He was in love with a woman and he wanted to build this facility in memory of her. And he waited for her to come from Europe, and he waited and he waited, and she never did. But the big question is, is how did this frail little man move these thousands of pounds of block by himself? Barely over five feet tall and weighing just 100 pounds, Leedskalnin is said to have carved, moved and hoisted huge multi-ton stones using only a makeshift tripod. He has a tripod... three pieces of Florida pine... and he's got some chains. And he's now gonna lift 30 tons, ten tons of rock. Can't be done. No one could do that. He would work at night. He wouldn't let anybody watch him. And he said that he knew the secrets of the pyramids. But what exactly was Leedskalnin referring to? Had he rediscovered the same advanced technology used to build megalithic structures like Carnac and Sacsayhuam?n? Ed over and over again would tell people that he knew the secrets that helped the Egyptians build the pyramids. What was he talking about? Why was he constantly harking back to the Egyptians? We don't know. Leedskalnin continued work on the Coral Castle until his death in 1951. In the journals he left behind, the builder explained that he had discovered the ancient secret of transforming stones into weightless objects. Ed says this in his "pamphletmagnetic current," that real gravity is actually real magnet. So if you reverse the magnet forces with a force of some kind of electro magnetic radio perhaps, frequency, you can then make these rocks not as heavy as they seem otherwise. And therefore you can lift them. But if Leedskalnin had developed a device that could modify gravity, what was his secret? Some suggest the answer lies in a mysterious black box that can be seen in various photographs. A box that has since disappeared. The black box sitting on top is the element that no one has ever seen, except in those pictures, and no one has today. We believe that black box has something to do with how he got these massive, heavy, brittle pieces of rock up in the air in a way that no one can duplicate. He had some kind of magnetic machine down in one of his other house areas that has since been dismantled. But it had a revolving ability. He may have been having that thing spin. The whole place could have been anti-gravity. Probably just pushed these into place. Levitation is the only way that I know of to hold up very heavy objects. Very, very high-speed trains are magnetically levitated. These high-speed trains don't have wheels that touch any tracks. They're literally suspended above the track using magnetic forces. We can speculate at this time that there are techniques for using electromagnetism to nullify gravity. This was the great quest of Einstein. The motivation for such technologies, of course, is to lift a large spaceship out into space and across space. Could it be that Ed Leedskalnin utilized anti-gravity to levitate and distribute the enormous rocks used to build Coral Castle? If so, where did this incredible knowledge come from? And he died, taking this secret to his grave. Que question is: did he invent it, or did he himself somehow inherit it or learn it from a tradition, or maybe from some visitor from another realm? The only thing that is explainable is that someone with a higher form of physics and understanding of gravity has created the ability of one person to lift stones that modern technology could not do the way he did it. It had to come from a different place in this galaxy. The fact that one guy created these massive structures is absolutely fascinating. Am I suggesting that he did this with extraterrestrial technology? No, because I don't know. Am I excluding that possibility? No. If aliens visited earth in ancient times, perhaps the world's unexplained structures provide clues to unlocking not only the secrets of our past... But a glimpse into our future. I think that extraterrestrials would not have left our solar system some thousands of years ago without any proof. They wanted that in the far future we start to reflect... have we been visited by outer space? Perhaps additional clues still lie hidden, etched on even more massive stones... And waiting to be discovered right before our eyes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 