Ancient Aliens: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ancient Aliens 
 s2e6 - Alien Tech - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ancient Aliens (2009–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Alien Tech - full transcript 
 From The History Channel : "Super-heated death rays... High-tech rockets... Powerful sonic weapons... Are these examples of modern day science or could these technologies have originated thousands of years ago? Is it possible that early man possessed scientific knowledge far beyond that of our own century? Ancient texts, folklore and art suggest humans witnessed disc-shaped flying machines and fire-spewing chariots. Could these be accounts of flying saucers and rocket ships? And if so, was advanced technology left here by visitors from the stars? Did mankind's quest to unlock the secrets of levitation, anti-gravity and laser technology merely spring from our imaginations or did these ideas come from otherworldly beings?" 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Rockets... Hurling space probes deep into the cosmos. Sound waves... compelling solid objects to float in midair. Laser beams... vaporizing targets with pinpoint accuracy. Are these stunning examples of mankind's modern technology? Or are they merely recent incarnations of scientific achievements that have roots 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 stretching back to the ancient past? We have several cultures who depict modern technology being used thousands of years ago. They were working with technology that could literally break the earth in two. How could they have had these advanced weapons that we've only just acquired ourselves today? Something in our past has been lost, and we're looking for that answer. Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 extraterrestrial beings. What if it were true? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history? And did mankind's cutting-edge technology spring from our imagination, or could it have come from a source much farther away? # Ancient Aliens 2x06 # Alien Tech Original Air Date on December 02, 2010 In the early morning hours of November 5, 2005, the luxury cruise ship the Seabourn Spirit found itself under attack by pirates in the waters off the coast of Somalia. But the Somali bandits were successfully repelled by a relatively new and formidable defensive weapon: A long range acoustic device or LRAD. Manufactured by the LRAD Corporation, this sonic device can, when focused on a target, produce a piercing sound that can exceed 150 decibels. Enough to cause temporary blindness, nausea and permanent hearing loss. The U.S. army used sonic weapons in Iraq. They're used in crowd control. There are certain types of low rumbles and signals that will affect a person. They make you feel sick. The LRAD is currently used by law enforcement, the military and private security, and is considered the ultimate in sonic weaponry. But is the LRAD really a 21st-century invention? Or is there evidence that similar audio weapons existed in ancient times? Approximately 17 Miles northeast of Jerusalem lies the ancient ruins of the city of Jericho. Here, archaeologists have uncovered evidence of settlements dating back to 9000 BC. According to the Hebrew Bible, Jericho is believed to be where God spoke to Joshua, the successor to Moses, and instructed him to march around the walled city once every six days with seven priests carrying rams' horns and followed by the ark of the covenant, the golden chest containing the ten commandments. Then, on the seventh day, under orders by God, Joshua and the israelites marched around the perimeter of the city one last time. But this time, they blew the rams' horns. The walls of Jericho fell... And the city was sacked. In the old testament, you see very clear descriptions in Joshua 6 about the Shofar, which is described as a trumpet that was used in the battle of Jericho to actually bring the walls down. To religious scholars, the collapse of Jericho's walls was a miracle. To most modern day scientists and historians, the destruction was most probably caused by an earthquake. But could it have been something else? Could the israelites have possessed advanced sound wave technology? If so, where did it come from? In the scriptures, we have a fascinating story about the fall of the walls of Jericho. The armies were told to circle the wall repeatedly, and then finally blow their horns, and down came the walls. And we know there was a powerful presence. The ark of the covenant, this mysterious, sacred item, was with them at all times, which, of course, was part of the event and part of the fall of the walls of Jericho. The idea that some kind of sonic weapon was used to destroy these huge, thick, ancient walls to allow the israelites to basically take over that city is a fascinating one. So what kind of technology were they using? It sounds utterly fantastic to us that they could have had some kind of advanced alien technology. It's clearly what they're describing. There is little doubt that the ark of the covenant was a weapon. It was described as a weapon, famously, when the israelites crossed over into Canaan and they had to pass by Jericho. And it could be that there was some technology. We do not know what that technology was, but there was clearly an association between the ark and the falling down of the walls, and that's the reason that the ark was sent around the periphery of the city. According to many ancient astronaut theorists, Moses and the israelites acquired a supernatural source of energy at Mount Sinai. This powerful energy source was later contained in the ark of the covenant, and would have provided the kind of power necessary to amplify Joshua's horns and make them into a powerful sonic weapon. What's interesting about the battle of Jericho is that this particular use of the Shofar clearly seems to be the same thing that we're seeing with particle beam technology, death ray technology, thunderbolt technology. It very clearly seems that once again we have an extraterrestrial technology that the ancient people had at the ready that they could use when needed for military campaigns. But even if the israelites possessed some sort of advanced extraterrestrial technology, could the amplified sound of rams' horns really bring down stone walls? According to scientist and former astronaut Professor Taylor Wang, recent research into the field of physical acoustics suggests it is a distinct possibility. Jericho's wall breaking apart... if you said it has happened, caused by acoustics, caused by sound... Well, the possibility has to be somehow a resonance is built in that wall. It may not be the whole wall... maybe some of the structure material. When that resonance happens, amplitude gets large enough, yes, it could destroy almost anything, because what the resonance does is store an enormous amount of energy. So you keep on, keep on feeding it, eventually it shatters everything. When you want to know how powerful sound is, you have to realize that the basic thing that sound is, is a pressure wave, and it will come down to the amount of energy you put into your sound wave and whether or not that particular pressure wave you generate will couple or impact the thing you're trying to destroy. You can make it quite powerful, 'cause you can make a very high amplitude, very large pressures in the sound. It might be at a frequency or amplitude where we no longer hear it as sound, but from a physics point of view, it is still sound because it's a pressure wave in the air. So it can get quite destructive, if you put enough energy into it. You could also think of it as a particle weapon because you're moving air around, and you would just need something to focus the sound which we know how to do. So that would give you a directed energy beam with sound. But if, as ancient astronaut theorists suggest, early civilizations had been able to harness the power of sound for destructive purposes, could there be evidence that such technology might also have been used for a more constructive purpose? Might it help to explain the existence of mammoth stone structures whose construction has baffled modern scientists for centuries? Mycenae. In the second millennium B.C., this ancient fortress city dominated much of Southern Greece. Here, fortifications were built in a style known as "cyclopean masonry", where huge limestone boulders were fitted tightly together without the use of mortar. The term "cyclopean" refers to the fact that... according to ancient myths... these mycenaean fortifications were thought to be the work of a strong, one-eyed race of giants known as the cyclopes. When you look at Mycenae in Greece, you're confronted with an anomalous civilization, really. It is a city which people who looked at it said, "only the cyclops could have built this." The cyclops is, perhaps not by coincidence, a mythical creature. So we really are confronted with the fact that people are saying mankind could not have built this. It has to have been something above, or other than man, who has constructed these walls. And when you look at the fact that tons and tons and tons of stones have been used in a way that really defies, almost, gravity... And I think that's why we have to say that Mycenae is definitely beyond human capability of that specific time and that specific period in Greek history. In Mycenae, Greece there is what's called the "treasury of atreus." And right in there, there is one stone that has been hoisted over the entrance of that treasury, and it weighs an estimated 250 tons. It is perfect. Just unbelievable. Now, we would have difficulties today moving that stuff around. Now, I'm not saying that we today cannot do it. I'm not saying that, but if we're struggling with our modern technology, is it really logical to suggest that our ancestors did this with pivots, and with little ropes, and with wooden rollers? You look at all these ancient structures all over the world: Mayan structures, pyramids, Greek temples. You see all of these... these blocks that are not only enormous, it would be impossible to move them around with anything but even our best technology today. One of the great enigmas of the megalithic buildings around the world is that in many cases they're built with such large and heavy granite or basalt stones. Even giant cranes would barely be useful to lift some of these really large stones, such as the stones at Baalbek in Lebanon, where you have just mind-bogglingly huge stones that weigh, in some cases, over a thousand tons. But just how could ancient man have built such colossal structures? Were the stones really moved by beings with superhuman strength? Or might the builders have had access to an advanced... perhaps alien... technology? For ancient astronaut theorists, the key might be found not by studying the laws of physics, but by exploring the interdisciplinary science of acoustics and the principle of acoustic levitation. Acoustic levitation is another way that alien civilizations may have influenced our history. And there is some evidence for that, especially when you look at some of the research that's been done in acoustic levitation here in laboratories. This system is a acoustic positioning device, and what happens inside, we create an acoustic force field. The force field is pushing everything toward the center. And the force field can rotate, the force field can oscillate. This ball is fairly light material. It's about ten grams, no more. It's meant to be light. But if you want to move the very heavy object, a large object, what you really have to develop in conjunction with the acoustic positioning device, is antigravity device. Because acoustic position device, really meant to fine tuning of the force field, but the system must be force-free, otherwise it won't be budged. But is it possible that early builders had access to the kind of acoustic technology that would allow for the transportation and careful placement of mega-ton boulders and stone blocks? Ancient astronaut theorists believe clues can be found in the myths and tales of magic handed down throughout time. There are many ancient legends which suggest that some of the monuments were built with the help of acoustic levitation. What the local legend of stonehenge talks about is that those big stones were transported by way of levitation by none other than Merlin the wizard. And he had a magical rod with which he pointed at the stones, and they would levitate and position into place. It's a very fascinating story, because we know that some of these stones have been transported there from as far away as 200 Miles. And ancient legends are a bridge to finding what truly happened in our past. There are lots of stories of stones being levitated, all using the power of sound. It's interesting as you read these stories of magic, that you see that they have to use the chanting. They have to chant certain spells, certain words. Certain vibrational frequencies seem to create certain effects in the physical realm. To me, it makes complete sense that the use of a technology, say, a magic wand of some kind, would be some sort of amplifier. I mean, there's no way that human beings, even a hundred thousand of them, could pull these things. They've done experiments by putting hands around blocks. You can't get enough hands in there. You can't get 200,000 hands to lift a block. And once you roll it with all these people, how do you move it? I think the technology had to do with some kind of sound, and they were able to just come up with some antigravity, and just move 'em into place. But did ancient aliens, using antigravity and sonic levitation technology, help early humans build the ancient wonders of the world? Well, everything's possible. We have no way to rule in or rule out aliens, because human technology is very primitive at this stage. And you look at earth... has only survived four billion years, but there are planets billions and billions of years ahead of us. Their technology and their knowledge, it can be so far ahead of us, we can't even imagine. But if early civilizations did possess the ability to levitate large solid objects, might they have also possessed another even greater ability? Might they have also mastered the power of flight? Flying saucers. UFOs. Mainstream historians claim sightings of these mysterious craft are mostly a 20th-century phenomenon. But according to ancient astronaut theorists, unidentified flying objects have been appearing in earth's skies since the dawn of man. Depictions of flying saucers and what seems to be some kind of ancient spacecraft go back to some of the earliest cave paintings that we know of. Scientists date these cave paintings back to 20, 30,000 B.C. And these cave paintings are in Russia, China, Africa, South America and other areas. And they appear to be some kind of a spacecraft. You can go back to ancient sumerian inscriptions from Babylon, and you actually see these discs with wings around them and depictions of people flying in them. And you see the same thing in Egypt where you see round discs that have wings coming off them. What you're dealing with is, most likely, actually a flying saucer that's being seen up in space. Guatemala, Central America. According to most mainstream scholars and archaeologists, the earliest human settlements in this region date back over 14,000 years. Here can be found numerous ancient artifacts, and among them is this one: The figure of a man lying inside what appears to be the shell of a turtle. And when I asked the local archaeologist there, "what is this?" They said, without the flinching of an eye, "well, this is, according to" legend, the giant flying turtles "which flew around in Guatemala." The entire body is aerodynamically fashioned. The extremities are pressed in an aerodynamic fashion against the body of this turtle. And if you look closely, it's as if there's some modern day fighter pilot glasses or goggles. This right here is from the same culture, from the same region where they created the turtle in Clay. So they knew exactly what a turtle looked like. It looks like a snapping turtle. And what we have here... that is everything but a turtle. It's something else. In their frame of reference, they were able to use the turtle as the best example of what they might have seen that the gods used to fly around in. Halfway around the world, in 329 B.C., the greek ruler Alexander the great planned the invasion of India. But according to ancient texts, his army was supposedly thwarted by a strange attack from the skies. As Alexander's army was getting ready to cross the indus and invade India, suddenly in the sky appeared these flying discs. And they began dive-bombing at the war elephants that were part of Alexander's army. And what these flying discs did was cause stampedes within Alexander's own war elephants, who then ran amok throughout his army, tearing up the camps and everything. And after that, Alexander's generals met with him, and they said, "no, we're not going into India." This is it. "We're gonna turn back." And that was the end of that war campaign. But whether in ancient times or much more recently, so-called flying saucers are often described as being unaffected by gravity or the basic laws of physics. You know, I know that people who have, who have seen, uh, extraterrestrial vehicles in modern times have said, "how in the world could it be doing that?" For example, it's moving through the sky, and it's going 20,000 Miles per hour, and makes a right-hand turn without decelerating... that isn't possible using normal aerodynamics. When jets have been scrambled after flying saucers, the saucers are described as suddenly turning at right angles at super speeds and just zipping off in what seems like impossible aerobatic maneuvers. And this can be explained as the kind of technology they're using which is a gravity control. It's artificial gravity. So when you're inside of a gravitational field that you're creating yourself around your craft, the gravity of the earth doesn't have a force on you. But although aircraft propulsion by means of gravity manipulation is beyond the limits of current technology, many scientists claim it is theoretically possible. In Davis, California, Canadian-born inventor Dr. Paul Moller tests the boundaries of real-life science with a recreational flying vehicle called the Neuera. The Neuera is a very simple device to fly. It has eight lifting ducted fans, as we call them, each one driven by its own engine. One of the big advantages of this kind of round shape is that you end up with the strength in the skin of the vehicle itself, much like the shell of a beetle. And that gets you a very, very strong design. This... air frames you see over here next to this vehicle which are similar to this, weigh only 75 pounds apiece, which is incredible. You get a complete airframe that's capable of lifting 1,500 pounds with a 75-pound shell. But could the inherent design strength of a disc-shaped object be the key to overcoming the forces of gravity? And does the prevalence of flying saucer sightings suggest a connection between antigravity technology and extraterrestrial visitations? Gravity is one of the most unknown forces in physics today, and when we do understand it, we'll be able to find out a way to shield ourselves from it or to provide a device, a method, electromagnetically, but with some much greater knowledge than we have today, where we eliminate it within the vehicles' operations. Although antigravity devices in the form of flying saucers may help to explain how extraterrestrials might have been able to travel at ultrahigh speeds, there is in fact another means of interplanetary transportation. And it is one that humans, and perhaps aliens, have been able to use for centuries: The brute force of rockets. The Kennedy space center. Six earth astronauts sit atop NASA's endeavor space shuttle headed for orbit. After countdown, three main engines, together with two solid rocket boosters, provide the thrust to lift the orbiter off the ground for its ascent. And liftoff of shuttle Endeavor. I urge everyone to be part one day of a rocket launch, because it is a life-altering moment. When you stand there, a few miles away, you can still feel the power as that rocket takes off into space. A grumbling in your stomach, the vibrations, and you can hear the noise. And it's a truly magnificent sight and awe-inspiring. But are manned space flights really a recent phenomenon? Or could our ancient ancestors have witnessed similar events? There is no doubt that if we thoroughly investigate this planet, they will find that this planet may have already been to the moon way before we went to the moon with a man in 1969. The interesting thing is that we have the exact same descriptions in ancient texts and also in oral traditions, where whenever those quote, unquote "gods" appeared, there was a lot of smoke, a lot of fire, a lot of noise, and the trembling of the ground. When rockets are taking off, it's best to stand back and get out of the way. And that's a lot of what the ancient legends are about, too. When the gods came and went, it may well have been just these rockets or other aerospace vehicles landing and taking off and making a lot of smoke and noise. But could early man really have had knowledge of rocket technology? To make their case, ancient astronaut theorists point to numerous and consistent descriptions of rockets found throughout many cultures of the ancient world. When you're dealing with this subject and you look at the ancient literature, you have to look at it through the lens of how is it being experienced by a civilization with no foundation for understanding the science, the technology. And so I think, in ancient times, there were people who had encounters. However, I think the way they might have been reported would've been in metaphors, in ways that would have made sense to them. In China, you have these stories of dragons flying through the air. They make a lot of noise and smoke comes out of them and fire, just like a rocket. The first emperor of China descended in a fiery dragon, with smoke and fire, and whenever that dragon appeared, the earth was quaking and everyone was afraid and-and threw themselves to the ground. Now, of course it wasn't a dragon in a biological nature, a living being. But it was a misinterpreted machine. If you look at the Greek gods, they were all described as flying in on chariots of fire. Well, a chariot of fire, to me, seems very clearly like it's some sort of rocket, probably burning its retros as it lands somewhere in ancient Greece. In the old testament, we can read about a glowing furnace that descended from the sky. And sometimes this glowing furnace is described as a chariot of fire or as the glory of the lord. So there are all these different descriptions, which in the ancient astronaut opinion describe ancient rocketry. From 5000 to 2000 B.C., Southern Mesopotamia was home to the sumerians, a highly advanced civilization considered to be among the first astronomers. Regarded as one of the oldest written stories in history, the epic of gilgamesh told of a man's journey to the heavens to meet the God Anu. The Gilgamesh epic, which goes back to the sumerian, that's a piece where the hero, Gilgamesh, flies over the earth. And he describes how the earth looks from above. Fascinating. An old story of the first flight. The most ancient civilization that we have on record, the sumerian culture, has left us evidence of what's called a Shem. And this object looks very similar to a modern-day space capsule that we place on top of a rocket. And this Shem is where priests would go into the Shem to interact with the gods, or anytime man was ascending or descending into heaven. So it's a very interesting term used from a culture dating back to 3800 B.C. And very clearly matches the descriptions of a modern-day rocket. Could early man have actually possessed a surprisingly sophisticated understanding of what we now call rocket propulsion? In the first century A.D., nearly 2,000 years before the industrial revolution, a Greek mathematician and engineer named hero created a steam-powered engine he called an Aeolipile. One of the great inventors of the ancient world was the famous hero of Alexandria. He invented all kinds of stuff. He actually invented what we would describe as a rocket-type motor. And really, something like this is the beginnings of rocket technology. And we don't know where hero got many of his ideas, but it may well have come from aliens. John Robert Tindall, founder of Tindall Vision laboratories, demonstrates a small-scale replica of hero's Aeolipile. Now, a conventional steam engine that we think of has pistons that get its power, but Aeolipile uses these opposing jets, so it's creating thrust. And rather than a thrust in... Like, a rocket would use it in a linear fashion, this is causing a rotational effect, and there's your steam turbine, really, working off of thrust. Now this is operating much as it did in the first century A.D. This is generally considered to be the first working steam engine. It works more like a turbine than a classic steam engine with pistons, but it's very significant because it really is taking... whoa!... A compressed gas and turning it into energy. That has a lot of energy, steam. The name for hero's steam rocket engine, "Aeolipile" translates to "the ball of Aeolus." In Greek mythology, Aeolus was the God of the Winds. Is it possible that hero drew inspiration for his invention from the stories of the gods, such as those found in Homer's the odyssey? Or might he have had help from the gods themselves? Some have suggested that it was alien intervention, that aliens taught him how to build this machine. However, I'm leaning more towards the idea that he looked at older texts from previous generations and that the source of the idea of how to build this did come from extraterrestrials, but from way before he was alive, and he just came across those texts. But do the descriptions of rockets and otherworldly devices found in ancient texts and legends provide evidence of extraterrestrial encounters in the distant past? Perhaps the answer will be discovered in an unlikely place... in the hands of the U.S. military. May 2010. Off coast of California. A powerful new weapon shoots down unmanned aerial drones during secret testing carried out by the U.S. Navy. Firing from a warship at a distance of nearly two miles, a ray of intense laser energy burns through targets traveling at speeds of more than 300 miles per hour. But is it possible that such so-called "death rays" could have been used before? Perhaps in ancient times? I'm quite convinced that there have been in the past advanced civilizations on earth that did have such things as the so-called death ray. Whether it was used as a weapon, or whether it was just observed being used is a very, very open question. In 214 B.C., greeks living in the sicilian city of Syracuse prepared for an attack by a fleet of Roman warships. Though outnumbered by a superior military force, ancient texts suggest that Syracuse was well-defended by a mysterious and powerful new weapon. Probably the most famous ancient death ray was the one that was built by the greek inventor Archimedes. He was able to create this giant mirror and parabolic disc, and focus the sun's rays on the fleet and set these ships on fire. So here we have what would be a primitive kind of death ray that really worked. But how could Archimedes have conceived such a formidable weapon? One far in advance of any known at the time? Researchers suggest the inventor may have drawn inspiration from Greek myths written nearly 600 years before the battle of Syracuse. Myths that told the stories of gods that brandished cosmic weapons of incredible destructive force. Wilcock if you look in the Greek tradition they have a very clear description of Zeus' thunderbolt, which he was able to point at people or at other things that he wanted to explode, hit the button, and what they described as lightning would come out and create a fierce and terrible explosion. When these ancient gods, like Zeus, were to come down from the sky in this flurry of thunder and lightning, and then get out of their spacecraft, they were perceived as gods. These ancient aliens had fantastic technology available to them, a technology that would've seemed like magic to our primitive ancestors. So when these people came down from the sky, and they had advanced energy weapons, they were like gods to our ancient ancestors. Tsoukalos it doesn't matter where you go, but the gods were always able to create thunder, create lightning in a controlled way. In ancient India we have the gods holding the dorje sometimes like this, and it looks as if some type of a directed energy beam comes directly out of the front to vanquish the enemy, to destroy him, to incinerate him. But if death ray... type weapons had been used in ancient times, might there be some sort of tangible proof? Perhaps there is. Here, scattered throughout the Scottish countryside, can be found numerous ancient ruins. Many appear to have been forts or other enclosures dating back thousands of years. Remarkably, they also appear to have been subjected to fire and heat so intense it practically turned the stone structures into glass. It's a process more scientifically known as "vitrification". Here you have these stone buildings in which an analysis of the outside comes to the conclusion that they were heated to over a thousand degrees celsius in temperature. Conventional fire could not have reached this heat. You needed a sustained burn at a thousand degrees celsius for a long period of time. Why is it that it's only these forts that have this type of charring where they're actually glazed like pottery on the outside? Why is it that you don't see it on the stones in the surrounding area? And even more interestingly, why is it that so many of 'em are concentrated into this one little area in northern Scotland? I believe this is very clear evidence of death rays being used. According to Celtic legend, there once was a god named Lugh, also known as "the shining one", the sun God, and the God of war. Like the Greek God Zeus, Lugh was said to wield a mighty "magic spear" not unlike the thunderbolts of his Greek counterpart. We have many stories of divinities who were powerful figures who had weapons that seemed extraordinary for their time. One was the great Celtic divinity Lugh, who had a spear that could spit fire and lightning and do great damage. It was an extraordinary weapon. We don't have a great deal of detail about it, but it clearly could dominate any situation he got into. When battle was near, Lugh would draw out his spear, and it roared, and then flashes of fire came out of it, and it tore through the ranks of the enemy. Never tired of killing and slaying. It was one amazing weapon. I mean, how else can we explain all those numerous vitrified forts where the surface of the stone is as smooth as glass? And these spots can only be found in very concentrated areas through northern Scotland. Is it possible that what the Celtic legends are describing as Lugh is, in fact, an alien general or other kind of extraterrestrial leader in possession of a devastating weapon? All these descriptions of sophisticated weaponry sounds almost like science fiction. But is it, really? Because we have those weapons today! And I think it is merely a reinvention of history; that all the stuff that we have today has been around before, and that our past is not science fiction, but science fact. Deadly laser beams... Acoustic levitation... Antigravity. Could these be technologies that were witnessed and even used by ancient civilizations? If so, were they conceived in the minds of early man? Or did they have different... perhaps otherworldly... origins? Might unlocking the secrets of these inventions be the key to discovering our ancient past? Or by rediscovering lost technology, might we clear the path to our own future and to the limitless potential of the universe beyond? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 