Sanditon: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sanditon 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sanditon (2019): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Charlotte sets out to avoid Sidney, until a serious accident forces them together and to reappraise each other. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Show some mercy, it is rudely early! I told you he'd still be here. For shame... Look at the state of him, Babbers! A wretched sight indeed! Is that not what Miss Heywood said when she ran into you by the coves? I should never have told you. Had you hadn't forced that fifth bottle on me. Well never mind that now, old friend. You need to have a shave 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and get some deviled kidneys down you. We're leaving. - Good morning, Charlotte! - Oh! Good morning! Did you enjoy your walk yesterday? I didn't hear you come in. Yes, uh... No, I... I went down to the beach to gather shells, and... time ran away with me. Anything impressive catch your eye? Shell-wise? Oh, uh... No, I... came back empty-handed. How disappointing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I told you explicitly that we have to go back to London. Damn it, Sidney! Did my words mean nothing to you? I cannot force them to stay, Tom! How am I to fill these empty houses, Sidney? I confess I am relying... Charlotte? - There it is! - Miss Heywood. Always popping up when least expected. I'll leave you to it, gentlemen. Mm-hmm. Look, the fact of the matter is, there is simply not enough to tempt them here. They need more... They need more entertainment. - Sidney... - I'm sorry, Tom. I'm sorry, but we leave this morning. I'm sorry Mr. Parker was unable to join us. Tom used to have all the time in the world for the children. I'm sure he will again, once things have settled down a bit. And when will that be, I wonder? Once the terrace is finished? Once every last house is let? Sometimes I fear he'll just keep adding and obsessing until one day he drops down dead, with the plans still clutched in his hand. I wish there were more I could do to help. I'm afraid my husband, like most men, is reluctant to accept help from anyone. At the least, you must never let him catch you in the act. Hello, Jenny. Aw... Ah, Wickens! I will need our coach and my hat right away! Where are you going? You shall see soon enough, my dear. - How long will you be gone? - As long as it takes. But, if it succeeds, I think I may have just hit upon the perfect means to draw people to Sanditon! Come, Wickens. And the Lord God said, "It is not good that man should be alone; I will make him an help meet." And who was that help meet? Eve, Mr. Hankins. Eve! Very good, Miss Beaufort. The mother of us all. But who else was there? The Serpent. He tempted Eve, didn't he? He tempted her to do something she was forbidden to do. And she couldn't resist, could she? Ah, young women, sadly, often find it very hard to resist temptation. And what's so bad about eating an apple? Well because this apple was a special apple, from the Tree of Knowledge. And God had forbidden Adam and Eve to eat the apples from that tree. Why? Well, because he is God. And we do not question God, do we, Mrs. Griffiths? Certainly not, Mr. Hankins. And perhaps it is time for you to show us your work, ladies. Oh! Ah, hm... And? I thought the sea was a bit dreary, so I used my imagination. Just, just turn away girls, turn away, until Mr... Mr. Hankins has removed this obscenity, please! Mr. Hankins! What I... yes, yes. Your guardian will be hearing about this, Georgiana! Oh, Mr. Stringer! Morning, miss. I've come to see Mr. Parker. You've just missed him, I'm afraid. I cannot even tell you when he'll be back. Or indeed... where he's gone. Aye, that sounds like him. Might I be able to help? Thank you, miss, but I really need to speak with Mr. Parker himself. I'll try again later. Well... Apparently my ward grows more feral by the hour. You'll have to go ahead without me. I'll get the coach tomorrow. Oh for God's sake, man, it's as bad as having a bastard, but slightly less fun to come by, I should think. One more try. Here comes your wealthy admirer. Not wealthy enough to make him bearable. - What's wrong with him? - Nothing. It's just... only one man in the world holds any interest of that kind for me, unfortunately. Sir Edward. Lord Babington. Miss Denham. I'll leave you together. I came to say I'm leaving Sanditon today. I shall try to bear your absence with equanimity. May I be permitted to write to you? If you wish to waste your time. Then I shall. Babington, why do you persist when you are treated with so little civility? Perhaps it's the fascination of what's difficult. All I know is the more I see you, and the more nonchalantly you reject my advances... the more intense my desire for you grows. Well spoken. But to no avail. - No joy there, Babbers. - Mm... You may as well howl at the moon. "Willful, rude, and obstreperous." What do you have to say for yourself? Just that this place is driving me to distraction. It's like a prison! Do you really think I enjoy this, Georgiana? I have many demands on my time and would rather be free of this one. But like it or not, I am your guardian until you turn 21, and seeing as that's still two years away... Is something ailing you? Yes, something is ailing me... you are. Georgiana? Visitor... another one. Mrs. Griffiths! I need a word. Miss Heywood. It seems I cannot escape you. I was just leaving. He thinks you're a bad influence, you know. As if there could be any greater incentive for us to be friends. And what is your opinion of him? I... hardly know what to think of Mr. Parker. I've... I've never met anyone quite so... confounding. I called at Trafalgar House three times yesterday, to be told they had no idea of your whereabouts. I was beginning to think you'd jumped ship. Gracious, no, my lady, quite the opposite. I have returned from my mission with the most exciting news imaginable! I am breathless with anticipation. I have secured the services of one of the finest physicians in the country. Oh... not that again! He is a specialist in hydropathy. We are a spa town, ma'am. If we are to attract visitors... They have the sea! The air! - The milk from my asses! - I would beg that you save your opinion until you have at least met Dr. Fuchs. I do not need to meet a person to form an opinion. Often a name is more than enough. And I do not care for the name Fuchs one bit! My lady... The doctor has agreed to demonstrate his latest medical innovations. Allow him an hour of your time and I promise that he will assuage every last doubt you possess! What if, in spite of his demonstration, Lady Denham still doesn't approve? Ah, but Dr. Fuchs is no ordinary physician. I have heard her speak of physicians in the most disparaging tone. Once she sees him in action, she'll undergo nothing short of a Damascene conversion. - Herr Parker! - Dr. Fuchs! Welcome! Sea air! Most refreshing! Fräulein... And who is this delightful creature? Doctor, may I present my wife. It is my honor to make your acquaintance. Dr. Maximilian Fuchs at your service. Shall we go in? Doctor, please. Mr. Parker? Oh. I thought to find... The ubiquitous Miss Heywood. Can't I even read the news in peace? If you don't wish to be disturbed, you might choose somewhere more secluded. Yes, well, I tried that. It wasn't entirely successful. Ah, Charlotte, Sidney, come, it's time to leave. You don't want to miss Dr. Fuchs's demonstration! Actually, I'm pretty sure I can do without that. I'll, uh... I'll stay here and catch up on some paperwork. Really, Sidney? Is it now too much for me to ask for an hour of my brother's time? I've no doubt the doctor will be a great success, my dear. Of course he will. I refuse to admit any other possibility. Now the first thing we must tell the doctor, Arthur, is that we are both a hostage to our nerves. 'Tis true, alas. Bedeviled by them, we are, Miss Heywood! And then I should go on to catalogue my gout, my sciatica, my delirium, goiters, cankers, and assorted agues, rashes, and exanthemas. Oh, and this past Tuesday you were struck by a most thunderous bellyache, you must mention that. - True. And it can't have been hunger, 'cause I'd only just polished off an eight-bird roast. Perhaps I should set it all down for him. I'd hate to leave anything out. We are so relieved Sanditon finally has a physician. Especially one with such a remarkable reputation, Dr. Fuchs. I myself suffer with many afflictions... goiters, cankers, and assorted agues, rashes, and exanthemas. Fear not, fräulein, sir, there will be time enough for the details anon. For now, perhaps I might tempt you with my invigorating mud fard, which will moisten - even the driest of skin, ja? - Ja. I mean yes, thank you, Doctor. What's in here, doctor? Ah, now. Be careful with that, fräulein. They are parasitic worms. Excellent for the circulation of the blood, and for relieving the tension. Do you hear that, Edward? Parasitic worms. We could call this one Clara. Well, this is surely the only time we shall ever see a doctor in your house, Aunt, given what radiant health you are in. We could have done with more of your eloquence at Miss Lambe's luncheon. A hundred thousand there for the taking, and you muffed it. Miss Brereton, I am minded to take a turn about the room. Would you care to join me? Oh, go on. But no lingering! I shall sit beside you, Aunt. There is nothing I enjoy more than hearing you pass judgement. What do you think, Charlotte? Is he not... remarkable? Indeed he is, sir. We must hope her ladyship agrees. I do not much care for our aunt's taste in furnishings. I have a more modern scheme in mind. And that is assuming you inherit the house. Oh, my dear Clara... you have made a valiant effort, but you must know that your claim is futile. And however much you play the innocent, our aunt is bound to find you out soon enough. How long is it that Clara's been your guest now? Clara's a relation. Albeit a very poor one. It is to your credit that you've kept her so far beyond the original terms of her stay. Everyone says it's most charitable of you. I abhor charity. - Helps no one. - And so! We must boil the calf's foot in four quarts of river water until it reduces by half. Right, I think I have seen enough. Don't you, S... wait! I know you think of me often. You flatter yourself. I feel nothing for you. Virgin milk, bloom de ninon. Incomparable for removing the freckles, the morphemes, and the worms. Ah, there you are, child. How long does it take to walk round a room! I'm sorry, Aunt. I will not be taken for granted, you know? I feel it's time we discussed the terms of your stay. This water-based treatment will both soften and lubricate the skin. Oh, I have heard more than enough! It is abundantly clear that this so-called "doctor" is little more than a traveling mountebank! I can assure you I am nothing of the sort, madam! I have been practicing medicine for over 30 years! If you require further proof, perhaps I could persuade you to sample my latest innovation. I detest modern contraptions and concoctions. Ja, ja, of course. But sometimes, you know, nature needs a little help. I will make you a suggestion. You observe while I demonstrate. Hm? Now, I will need a volunteer. I present to you the Fuchs Hydrotherapeutic Shower bath! Well done... What's a shower bath? It is the future, my lady. Who would like to sample its effects? Hmm? The pump creates a powerful yet soothing jet of hot water, which is heated by the adjoining copper tank. I should like to try it, Dr. Fuchs. Clara, what are you doing? Follow me, please. This way, dear child. Prepare to be amazed. Leave it! Leave it! One moment, please. Get back to work, everyone. Back to work! Come on! Here, Father, let me... You're foreman, not your job. Not yours neither, leave it to someone else. Who else, hey? You're a first class stonemason. You shouldn't have double up as a laborer, not at your age. Yeah, well, tell that to Mr. Parker. I have! Endlessly! - He promised us more men. - Aye. Months ago. Do you see them? 'Cause I can't. Ah, now, once you are inside the bath, you must hold the nozzle in your hand and have it to spray wherever you wish. I will draw the curtain to afford you total privacy. Ah... Everything is satisfactory? Quite satisfactory, so far. With the shower bath, I take full advantage of the physical properties of water such as temperature and pressure for therapeutic purposes, to stimulate the circulation of the blood. Now this in turn Promotes a feeling of calm and well-being. Reducing hysteria and its associated ailments. - This shouldn't happen. - Oh! Oh, my poor child, what has he done to you? Have that man and his equipment removed from my house at once! This is what comes of contradicting me! I am most terribly sorry. I cannot think what must have happened. Oh Arthur. That we should find hope at last, only to see it snatched away again. Given the miracle he's worked on our faces, think what he could have achieved with the rest of us. I do not understand it, Herr Parker. In all my years as a physician, I have never experienced such a funktionsstörung. I shall return to Worthing in the morning where at least I shall be treated with respect. I am sorry, Doctor. This is far from the outcome I was hoping for. Frau Parker. I could scarcely believe how eagerly you ran to that mouse's aid. How would it have looked had I not? As if you had not been hoodwinked by her pitiful attempt to gain our aunt's sympathy. You're not seriously suggesting that she deliberately wounded herself? You cannot think that was an accident. No one is that devious. Why can't you see it? Are you completely under her spell? There is nothing the least bewitching about her. It's no good, Edward. If you are not willing to confront her, I will. We cannot allow her to get away with this. Miss Heywood! What can I do for you? Mr. Parker asked me to give you this. Thank you, miss. Right... Thank you. Is something wrong, Mr. Stringer? No, no. I was just hoping Mr. Parker would meet me in person, that's all. Oh, I'm... I'm sure he would have come down himself. But he has rather a lot to contend with today. No doubt. So, how are you enjoying your stay in Sanditon, miss? A great deal on the whole. But I love all this work going on. Seems almost a kind of miracle, doesn't it? I agree with you, miss. Matter of fact, I plan on designing and building a whole town of my own one day. Though my father doesn't approve of such talk. That's your father? He's a stone mason. Thinks I have ideas above my station. Surely ambition is a quality to be admired. What is it? I just... I have never met, anyone like you before, miss. Dad? Dad! - Dad! - Are you all right? Move! Move! Here, let me help. Are you all right, Mr. Stringer? Don't mean to cause a fuss, miss, I'll be... I'll be right enough in... It's all right, it's all right. There is a doctor in town, we should fetch him. I'm not about to leave my father. I'll go! Try the hotel! All right, Dad... We need to stop the bleeding. There, you'll be all right, Dad. Could one of you... Are you okay? That should do it... for now. Just try to keep as still as you can. Don't let 'em take my leg. Don't let 'em take my leg! Let's get him to Trafalgar House. Come on, let's move him, one, two, three. Mary! Tom! Mr. Stringer... Oh, good God... How could this have happened? We need clean sheets, as many as you can gather. And... boiling water. And I expect the doctor will want a table. Of course, whatever you need. - Tom. - Yes, of course. Here's the doctor now. Fürchte dich nicht alle! The doctor has arrived! Now where is the patient? He's through here... quickly! Gracious me. Somebody get a table! Hurry up, come on! There you go, there you go. There you are. Come on, it's all right. How long ago was the unfortunate accident? No more than 20 minutes. Tell me you can save his leg. His whole livelihood depends upon it. It may be a choice between his leg or his life, - mein junger Herr! - His life? - Surely you can see! - Bitte! Mr. Stringer, a word, please. He is losing viel blut! This is like something from the battlefield! We must be quick. Time is of the essence! Perhaps you should wait outside. I can't just leave him. Nobody should see their father in that much pain. For his sake as much as yours. He will be taken care of, I promise you. I give you my word. I'll wait outside, Father. Now this will not be pretty, fräulein, you might want to turn your head away. I'm not afraid of a little blood. Sehr gut, then you can assist me. He must drink as much as he can. Take his hand. This will hurt a lot worse than a little schmerzen. First we must set the leg. And so... Hold him still, Mr. Parker. Keep a good pressure on the leg. And so... Sing, Nachtigall, sing, ein Lied aus alten zeiten... Now! There is a way to go yet, but the doctor says there's every reason to be hopeful. And the leg is saved. Oh! Forgive me, miss, I... It's quite all right. Your father will be glad to see you now, Mr. Stringer. Thank you, sir. I must admit, Miss Heywood, you, uh... have given a good account of yourself today. I should never expected you to be so, uh... capable. Because I am a young woman? Or because up until now you had dismissed me as frivolous? Well, a little of both, I daresay. Forgive me. How can I not, since I am equally guilty of dismissing you. Oh? And what exactly have I done to deserve such condemnation? Well... you always seem so reluctant to help Tom. Oh, that's hardly fair. I... I've done all I can for my brother. Have you? And if I may, you've hardly proven yourself a sympathetic guardian to Miss Lambe. Well, a guardian shouldn't need to be sympathetic. My task is to see that she is taught to behave like a lady. That's the least of it! Georgiana is miles from home and you're the closest thing she has to... Now you will tell me I'm speaking out of turn again and you do not care a fig what I have to say. No. I invited your opinion. And... actually, for once, I think there is some small value in what you say. Coming from you, I shall own that as the greatest compliment imaginable. Ah, Miss Heywood, um... I have been meaning to say our... meeting down at the coves, I hope you weren't too embarrassed. Why should I be embarrassed? I was fully clothed. Yes. Very good point. Well, it was hardly fair of you, to, uh, ambush me like that. I can assure you it was not deliberate on my part. - Nor mine. - Well then. Well then. Good day. How are you feeling, Clara? It is difficult to say. I'm willing myself to be stoic, but it is so hard. You poor child. I still can't understand how it happened. Were it anyone else, one might suspect she burnt herself on purpose. Oh, oh Aunt. I am in agony! Of course you are! I fear sympathy is beyond Esther's abilities. Oh, on the contrary. My heart bleeds for poor Clara. I wonder, would it be a comfort if I were to sit and read to you awhile? I should like nothing better. "He was apparently unperceived, "for though he called still the sounds continued "and no notice was taken of him. "He found himself in contact with someone whom immediately seized. "Determined to sell his life as clearly has he could, he struggled but it was in vain." You can stop. She's out of earshot. I know very well you did this to yourself. Do you? Then prove it. Lady Denham won't believe you. You and your brother can do what you like, you won't get rid of me. I wouldn't be too sure of that. Your brother's trouble, is that he is so, so easily led. You little bitch! How do you like that? Oh, Esther. You have no idea what I endured before I came here. And you have no idea what I am prepared to do to ensure I stay. So you would do well to crawl away, and take your poor silly brother with you, if you don't want me to ruin him. You may have got away with this. But you will trip yourself up soon enough. And when you do... I will be waiting. Right, watch his leg, watch his leg. Well, there we are now. Doesn't seem to be any permanent damage, - I'm glad to say. - No! Time and again I have told you, sir, we need more men, but you won't listen. And this... this is the consequence. Had the doctor not been close at hand... Yes. Well, only... only to be expected that emotions are running... ...a little high. Young Stringer's been through quite the ordeal. Still, on we... on we go! No use... dwelling on it. How I wish I'd been there. It sounds far more entertaining than being trapped in here with Gorgon Griffiths and those idiot Beaufort sisters. I would hardly call it entertaining. Poor Mr. Stringer. Thank goodness the doctor hadn't left yet. And whatever you say, it's as close to entertaining as this tedious place gets. You find Sanditon tedious? If you knew what I was forced to leave behind in London. I cannot believe Sidney is still here. I can't wait for him to leave. So he fixed a broken leg! That is the least I would expect of a doctor. He saved the man's life! And if you had seen the state of Mr. Stringer... I saw the state of Clara's arm. I was witness to her immolation. That was unfortunate indeed. But Dr. Fuchs assured me it was a freak occurrence. It was certainly that! My lady, Dr. Fuchs's reputation spans the length and breadth of these isles. My own sister and brother... I would hardly consider them a barometer of sound judgment. That is beside the point, they are prepared to spend money. Ah. Now we come to the quick of it. We need visitors, Lady Denham. And you really think this man is going to reverse our fortunes? That a plague of hypochondriacs is suddenly going to descend upon us? I believe, that as of this moment, he is our greatest hope. Your only hope, you mean? I do not like to contradict you, ma'am. - Then don't! - But the fact of the matter is you cannot have a seaside resort without a doctor. And there is no one more qualified than Dr. Fuchs. I must insist... that he stays. Then you shall live with the consequences. Excuse me, sir, Mr. Parker. I wanted to... that is to say, I... I owe you an apology, sir, I spoke out of turn. No, no. Please. As a matter of fact, Young Stringer, your father's accident has made me aware of... of certain improvements we could make to working conditions. It strikes me that you could use more men, better equipment. I shall see to it that you get them as soon as possible. Thank you, sir. I'll let the other men know. They'll be most grateful. As am I. Say no more about it. It's the least I can do. Good evening, Young Stringer. All is well? Yes. Yes, all a fuss over nothing. Easily remedied. My dear Tom, if something is troubling you, I wish you would share it. Why should there be? You are far too inclined to worry, my dear. "Know ye the land where the Cyprus and Myrtle..." Did you vanquish the mouse? Clara Brereton is no mouse. She is a rat who would chew off her own tail if it means surviving. Alicia, Jenny, Henry! It's time for tea! Charlotte! Come and play with us! We are having a sea battle with Uncle Sidney. You have to be on our side. Ah, Miss Heywood. You have arrived at a rather critical juncture. The British navy are about to rout the French. You can take charge of the French fleet. We shall call you Admiral 'eywood! - Well, which boat is ours? - Red! Uncle Sidney and Henry are the blue boat. Yes. Well, come on then, we mustn't let those beastly boys win. Well, we have to win because it's a matter of historical record, - isn't it, Henry? - Yes. Can we not rewrite our history, if we find it disagreeable? Right, are you ready? On a count of three. One, two... Three! Oh, you win... Our next game is... Coming to us... What is it? Something's just occurred to me. Tom? - Tom? - Sidney? What is it? Miss Heywood has an idea. Not a bad one, as it happens. Has she? Have you, Charlotte? I have been thinking about how you want to attract more visitors and I realized that what Sanditon needs is an event. Something exciting to draw people here. And once they arrive, of course they will fall in love with the place, just as I have. Anyway, we were playing with the children, sailing their boats down by the river. Mm. And... suddenly it occurred to me. Mary, I've had the most glorious idea! A regatta... to be held here in Sanditon. A regatta? Can you not just picture it, my dear? The river alive with a flotilla of boats... all shapes and sizes. The banks teeming with spectators, the ladies attired in their finest white dresses, the gentlemen in straw hats! Can you not see it, Mary?! Is it not a brilliant notion?! Positively inspired, my dear! It must be said that Miss Heywood deserves some credit. Oh I... I merely provided the kernel of the idea. It is Mr. Tom who has brought it to life. No, no, Sidney is right. It was you... that prompted me to have the idea. You are fast becoming quite invaluable, Charlotte. Whatever would we do without you? At least this time I leave knowing you're in good heart. A new physician, a regatta to plan. All is well with Tom Parker. So it would seem. Oh, I say, um... I just wonder if, uh... ...while you're in London you could stop by the bank for me, see if they might consider extending... For God sake, Tom, it's not as if I don't have my own... How much did you have in mind? £2,000 ought to do it. £3,000 at the most. It's just that, with Fuchs and the regatta, I need to step things up a bit, if we're to be finished in time for the influx of visitors... Very well. I will have an answer upon my return. Mary! Gather up the children. We're going to the beach! Right this minute? But it'll be dark soon. Then we'd better hurry! Come along! How glad I am to have my husband back. How I have missed that smile. I am sorry, my dear. I know I've been rather... preoccupied of late. You do know it has no bearing on how much I dote upon you all? Of course. But I never tire of hearing it spoken. Miss Heywood, I wonder if I might presume to ask a favor? Of me? Extraordinary as it might sound, I do believe you're better positioned than almost anyone. Would you keep an eye on Georgiana for me? See that she's kept out of mischief. I thought you considered me to be a bad influence. Well... is it conceivable that we've had each other wrong, Admiral Heywood? How long will you be absent? At least a week... I have some business matters I have to attend to. I am sorry my behavior has been so wanting. You were right to remove me from London. I will strive to do better. As will I. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 