Sanditon: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sanditon 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sanditon (2019): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 As the Sanditon summer regatta approaches, Sidney wrestles with his feelings towards an old flame and Young Stringer reveals his feelings to Charlotte. With Lady Denham at death's door, the... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 DR FUCHS: It is my solemn duty to inform you that Lady Denham's condition is now very precarious indeed. I fear she will not see out the night. Oh, poor, dear aunt. Well, I'd better pay my respects while there's still time. MARY: Surely we must postpone the Regatta out of respect. She's gravely ill. Everyone else can accept it. Why not you? Don't you see it, Mary? She cannot die because then I will be left without a principal investor. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She's on her death bed and your only concern is what that will mean for your town? Without her investment, I should soon face bankruptcy. Everything, our house, our security would be at risk. I... I am just speaking frankly, Mary. As you wished. I see. KNOCK AT DOOR MRS GRIFFITHS: Georgiana! Mr Sidney's here to see you. Send him away! I have no wish to speak to anyone, least of all you. Come, Georgiana. Is it not time you ventured outside? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 At least you... Leave them! I am all too aware that I have fallen short as your guardian. But please believe that I am sincere in my desire to make amends. Men like you cannot change. Mr Stringer. Well met, Miss Heywood! Feels I've hardly seen you since you got back from London. No, we must remedy that. Perhaps we'll have time for a more substantial conversation tomorrow, at the regatta? Until tomorrow, then. Hear that, Old Stringer? A "substantial conversation"! Ah, Miss Heywood. Mr Parker. How did you find her? Oh... I daresay you'll have more luck. I, er... I might wait for you downstairs if you don't mind? No. Not at all. Edward is taking his time. I cannot think what is keeping him, given conversation with our aunt is currently somewhat one-sided. He is showing due respect to a dying woman. You might consider doing likewise. What has she done to merit my respect? I shan't be goaded into another quarrel. Our enmity is finished. There never was a will. There most certainly was. But its contents were demonstrably absurd. Edward and I had no choice but to burn it. We agreed a half-share each was a far more agreeable outcome. Edward would never conspire with you. He regards you with absolute contempt. And yet... there is no way to feign the kind of fondness he showed me. You're lying. I was lying. We both were. On the drawing room floor, if you must know. It was a fleeting encounter, but he was touchingly eager. Like a little boy. Has that been your experience too? Oh. Could it be that you have never given yourself to him? Small wonder he was so keen to take his pleasure elsewhere. You must be patient with Georgiana. Every minute spent apart is... Well... You know how sharp the agony of separation can be. Yes, I expect you're right, Miss Heywood. Although fate has a strange way of surprising even the most jaded amongst us. You are not nearly as unfeeling as you pretend. Well, if that is the case, I would ask you to keep it to yourself. I have a reputation to uphold. Your secret is safe with me. Well, I am no Dr Fuchs... MOCK GERMAN ACCENT: ..but I do not zink she is long for zis vorld. You should know... there's not a single person alive who holds you in the least affection. Not Edward. Not Clara. Not me. To my eternal shame, we only cared for your fortune. Realised too late what a foul, corrupting cancer your money is. Turned you into a cruel, miserly old woman... ..who will die unloved and un-mourned. And it turned Edward... ..my Edward... The truth is he's betrayed us both. He betrayed us when... he and Clara lay with each other on your drawing room floor. He betrayed us when he and Clara conspired to burn your will and share your fortune. SHE SOBS I truly hope you find happiness in heaven... ..because this earth has become a living hell. Then there'll be the sandcastle competition and after a respectable break for luncheon, comes fishermen's boat race. And we end the day with the gentlemen's amateur rowing. Splendid. Excellent. Something for everyone to enjoy. All we need now are some visitors. JENNY: Papa! Papa! Uncle Sidney's here! And he's brought a pretty lady with him! HE CHUCKLES TOM: Fare thee well? MARY: How wonderful to see you. We're all upstairs. And you'll stay for the Regatta? WOMAN: Yes... SIDNEY: Ah, Tom, you remember Mrs Campion? Sidney has asked Eliza to stay for the Regatta. Isn't that a wonderful surprise? Welcome! Welcome! You are most kind. I must say, the pair of you have barely altered... MUSIC SWELLS OVER SPEECH BELL RINGS SEAGULLS CRY Hmm? Is it over? HE GROANS La tante est morte? Not yet. HE SIGHS If I'd known it was going to be this drawn out, I would have slept in my own bed. Perhaps you'll be more comfortable on the floor. To meine grosse freude, your aunt has responded magnificently to my treatment. A short time ago, her fever broke and she is now able to sit up and talk ein bischen. It is not impossible she may yet recover altogether. CHARLOTTE: Come along, Henry. CHILDREN GIGGLE I must say, I hoped we would have... had more visitors by now. Perhaps some people are already down at the river. Yes. Yes, I'm sure you're right, my dear. CHILDREN LAUGH AND SQUEAL I do wonder if we should have done at least a little preparation for this race. A gentleman does not practice. It is tantamount to cheating. Why do you keep looking around? Not keeping an eye out for that miserable Denham creature, I hope? Heavens, no. Given up that hunt. It was a futile pursuit. At the last regatta I attended, they raced Arab stallions. The one before that featured eight clippers in full sail. But for sheer exhilaration, what could compare to a sandcastle competition? HE CHUCKLES Well, this is no ordinary sandcastle competition. Look at this one, for instance... Miss Heywood, what a handsome construction. I assume you and Henry are the architects? Oh, no. That would be Jenny. I'm... merely a labourer. HE CHUCKLES Well, it is a fine piece of work. And if this doesn't win, there is no justice, is there, Henry? No. No. Yes, well done, children! Right. I shall show you Tom's new bathing machine. Yes. Good day, Miss Heywood. Who did you say that girl was? Miss Heywood. She's a guest of my brother and Mary's. And she helps with the children? Well... among other things, yes. She is rather a sweet little thing. But, Arthur, you can't possibly join the boat race. I've never heard such a lunatic notion. What choice do I have? It is the Parker brothers rowing team and I am a Parker brother. You know how you suffer with seasickness! It is the river! Don't split hairs! It is an aversion to anything that floats! HORSE WHICKERS HORSE SNORTS MAN: There you go. Arthur! Do you realise who that is? How are you? Nice to see you. Lady Susan... And the first prize goes to Harriet and Nicholas for their truly magnificent castellation. Congratulations, well done. Marvellous. And the runners up... You'll never believe who's just arrived. No less a personage than Lady Worcester herself. Erm... The runners up are.. Er... Er... sorry, you... Jor.. I'm sorry, would you mind handing these out? I have to go. There's a list, thank you. My dear, come along! 'Her every whim must be indulged.' If we can secure her patronage, we shall be rendered fashionable at a stroke. Who is this Lady Worcester? My dear, she's quite notorious! London society positively revolves around her. It is a well-known fact that her and the Prince Regent are... Simpatico? My lady! A thousand welcomes! I beg your forgiveness for missing your arrival. Mr Thomas Parker at your service. Oh. My wife... My wife Mary. We are greatly honoured. As you shall see, we have the finest situation on the south coast. Our seawater and our... Oh, shush, never mind all that. If I gave a fig about the sea, I would have gone to Brighton! No, no, no. The reason I came here to continue my conversation with Charlotte. Susan? Very nice to see you. Let me introduce you to some people. Oh, words cannot express our relief. Dr Fuchs has earned our eternal gratitude. Why? I rallied despite him. If anyone deserves credit, it is the ass whose milk restored my strength. We have kept constant vigil. Hmm... Well, you can dry your eyes. I found dying highly disagreeable and I have no intention of repeating the experience. Although, it has to be said, there is nothing like imminent death to focus the mind. It seems I had underestimated the boundless depths of your venality. Aunt, you must rest awhile. Your fever has clearly left you confused. SHE CHUCKLES No... I am anything but. Like a phoenix, I am rising from the ashes. Which is more than can be said for my last will and testament. Cos like your miserable souls, that is blackened beyond redemption! It was all Clara's idea. Liar! Oh, enough! You feeble parasites! Neither of you shall ever darken my doors again. And, Edward Denham, from this moment forth, you are disowned. And, Clara Brereton, you shall be put on the next coach back to London. I suggest you start packing. Get out! And needless to say, I shall be laying a new floor in my drawing room. It seems the old one has been indelibly stained. And as for you, Esther... It appears you are now my sole remaining heir. Though more by luck than judgement. LADY SUSAN: So, the lady of the town is on her deathbed and the heartsick heiress has taken to her bedroom. How thrilling! But more importantly than any of that, does a certain person know yet that you are in love with him? I fear you're mistaken, my lady. I was not... I am not... Susan. And I am never wrong when it comes to matters of the heart. Even if it were true, he is spoken for. Oh, yes, I know all about Mrs C. She must be the wealthiest widow in the country, not to mention the most elegant. I can see why you'd find her a dispiriting rival. But... she will have a chink in her armour. We just need to find it. Mrs Campion, I've been longing to meet you. I have heard so much about you. Miss Heywood. I wondered whether I might persuade you to take a walk with me. Unless, now's not a...? Oh, no, now's the perfect time. I need to make sure everything stands ready at the starting line. Perhaps you could accompany me? TOM: You seem a different man. And there is no doubting the cause. The lovely Mrs Campion. Although I doubt she will remain Mrs Campion for long if you have your way. Steady on, Tom. There's no need to rush things. And why not? She is beautiful, witty and rich and you have loved her for a decade. Why would there be the slightest doubt in your mind? You know, it is a strange feeling. When you've wanting something impossible for so long, and suddenly it's within your grasp. Do you know, for years, all I knew about my brother Sidney was that he was driven to the West Indies with a broken heart. Then what's your point, Arthur? I admire your spirit of forgiveness. That is all. If it were me, I do not think I could bring myself to trust her again. Looks as though the regatta will be a success, Miss, and that is in large part down to you. In truth, I have been grateful for the distraction. Distraction from what? My own thoughts, I suppose. What kind of thoughts? It's difficult to say. Perhaps you might find me a more sympathetic listener than you might imagine. It could be that we share the same thoughts. I doubt it. You are far too sensible to form such a... misguided and futile attachment. Why should it be futile, Miss Heywood? For all you know, your feelings are repaid five times over. I allowed myself to believe so for the briefest of moments. But I cannot deny the evidence of my own eyes. No matter. There is nothing to be done. You were right, Mr Stringer. You are a sympathetic listener indeed. Good Lord... Do you see, my dear? It is as if London has been emptied and the entire beau monde transported here! Yes. I'm pleased for you, Tom. I know how much today means to you. Have you seen Arthur? It would seem he has quite disappeared. MR HANKINS: "..be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed. "For the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest..." Shall I continue, my child? I would sooner be crucified. I do no doubt the depths of your suffering, but I hardly think it compares with the agonies of the cross! KNOCK AT DOOR Er... Mr Hankins. Forgive the interruption, but I, er... I-I urgently need Miss Lambe's assistance with... with a matter pertaining to the Regatta! Of what nature? With, er... the, er... ..duck race. May I let you into a secret, Miss Lambe? There is no duck race. Ha! It was a ruse! You can leave me now. I have no further need of your company. Come, Miss Lambe! Now that we have sprung you from your quarters, we might as well enjoy the regatta. Do you suppose there will be a cake stall? I do hope so! It's a little over an hour until the race, Mr Parker. I'm letting all the competitors know. Thank you. Well, what do you think, Miss Heywood? Do I look ready to you? I am no expert. Neither am I, regrettably. I haven't picked up an oar in years. I'm sure it'll all come back to you. I wonder. Thank you. "A man cannot step into the same river twice." Have you ever heard that? "For he is not the same man and it is not the same river." It's Heraclitus. Yes... Of course you'd know that. Well, I need a second person to balance the boat, would you mind? I'm not sure if I... Come on. Careful. Sit down behind here. May I ask you something, Miss Heywood? Why is it, when I finally have a chance of happiness... ..can I not accept the fact? What is it you can not accept? I had convinced myself that I was destined to remain alone... ..that I was ill-suited for matrimony. I don't believe that anybody is truly unsuited to marriage. Not even you. HE CHUCKLES I suppose it's just a question of compatibility? Yes. I suppose you're right. Now... it's your turn. Give me your hands. Lower your hands. Good. That's it. Here. Keep your back straight. HE CHUCKLES ELIZA: Sidney! My dear Esther, I have to hand it to you, you played that brilliantly! The look on Clara's face! Do you take pleasure in this? What? You heard her. We won. The money, it's ours. How? My inheritance is far from assured. And you're disowned. By her, perhaps. But that is no great loss. You shall hardly wish to see me flung out without a penny. Even now that's all you care about? No. No, this is about us this is about our future... There is no us. There is no future. You saw to that when you schemed with Clara... I did what I had to. We would have been left with nothing. I loved you. LADY SUSAN: Ah, Mr Mullan! How good of you to come. May I introduce my new friend, Charlotte Heywood? Pleased to meet you. Are all of these people here at your invitation? Not necessarily. But a social circle is like the cog of a clock. Once you've set one in motion, the others are bound to follow. Ah, Lord Grasmere! May I introduce my friend, Charlotte Heywood? Miss Heywood, a pleasure to meet you. Oh, you have made the day a success. I hardly know how to thank you. You have no need to thank me. I came here to enjoy your company. Yes, please. SHE LAUGHS Look who's coming our way. I think we can safely say we have found Mrs Campion's Achilles heel. What is it? You. SIDNEY: Thank you. May we join you? Mm! What is the topic of discussion? Miss Heywood and I were just discussing marriage. What is your opinion of marriage, Mr Parker? I cannot speak of it with any authority, I'm afraid. Huh. What about you, Miss Heywood? You're of marrying age. It must be much on your mind. There seems little point considering marriage until you've found someone you'd wish to marry. There must be a boy in your village that's caught your eye? And why should Charlotte be limited to her village? I always think it helps to share a common background, that's all. Miss Heywood is hardly likely to find a kindred spirit in this company. And why not? I just imagine she must find all our London talk unspeakably tedious. Wouldn't you agree, Sidney? I have no doubt that Charlotte would rather be sat somewhere quietly reading Heraclitus... LAUGHTER Sidney, you are wicked! That will certainly not help her find a husband. You are quite right, Mrs Campion. I'm a farmer's daughter who reads books. What could I possibly have in common with anyone here? Excuse me. Miss Heywood. Would you excuse me? The race is about to start... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I only ask for a moment. Well? I hope you were not too offended by Mrs Campion. It was only meant in jest. Is that all I am to you? A source of amusement? No, of course not, you're... Forgive me... On the contrary, you have done me a great service. I'm no longer in any doubt as to how you regard me. Miss Heywood... What? What is it you want from me? Please... be kind enough to leave me alone. Excuse me. Sir Edward. Tell me, how is your aunt? Alive, if that's what you're asking. She's risen, Lazarus-like from her deathbed. But that is wonderful news! Is it not? I am quite beside myself. HE CHUCKLES I hate you for dragging me here. Everyone is staring at me. Judging me. The ruined woman. To be fair, Miss Lambe, people have always stared at you. I thought you'd be used to it by now. And you are far from ruined. You have your whole life ahead of you. I think you might be the most infuriating man I have ever met. HE CHUCKLES I shall take that as a compliment. Miss Lambe! Sir Edward! Word to the wise, Babington. You should know my sister is utterly deluded. She's been making the most preposterous slurs against my name. All in some cynical bid to steal my share of an inheritance. It breaks my heart to say it, but she's dead to me. You're welcome to her. What did he mean, Crowe? "Utterly deluded." That's not the Esther Denham I know. Who cares, man? Focus on the matter at hand. I have five pounds on us taking first place. Here he is! How did you fare, then? Was the conversation as substantial as you'd hoped? Let's just focus on the race, shall we? I'm damned if I'll lose to him twice in a day. My lords, ladies and gentlemen! The Men's Race is about to begin! CHATTERING LAUGHTER Yes, this is such a good view from here. Well, brothers... I trust we're feeling confident? That's not the word I would choose. Especially now that I've seen the opposition. I wonder if we should have a strategy? My strategy principally revolves around not drowning. Sidney? What do you think? How the hell should I know? I'm going to wish them luck. Good luck, the Parkers! Good luck, Mr Stringer! Thank you, Miss. Push off. BLOWS WHISTLES Oarsmen, move into line. Hold station, four. Move up, three. Number four, move up. Ready... Attention... Good luck, gentlemen. Go! Find your rhythm, here we go! Come on, Sidney! Come on, Tom! HE GROANS Row... Together! Pull! Together! Pull! Together! Come on, Parkers! We're inches in it, come on. In. Out. In... Come on! Well done, men. You're doing very well! Looking good! In... out! In... Come on! Here we go now. Come on, men, push through! BOTH GIGGLING MARY: Excuse us.... Miss Heywood. Mrs Campion. COXES YELL They're gaining on us! Bugger that. Easy, Crowe! Easy! Trust me. I am in complete control. Easy! Hard left, man! Hard left! Crowe! COXES YELL I do hope Sidney wins. I have never seen the point of entering a race unless you win it. Here they come! Is not that my brothers' boat in the lead? Oh, go on, the Parkers! COXES YELL Go on, son! Pull! They're gaining! Together! Pull! Come on, Tom! Come on, Sidney! In. Out. Come on, Arthur! Lads! We got them, lads! Come on! Pull! Come on, Sidney! Come on, Tom! Come on! Come on, pull! Together! Come on, boys, together! Come on, Sidney! Come on, boys, together! Together! Come on, young 'un! Come on, young 'un! Yes! Yes! OLD STRINGER LAUGHS Yes! APPLAUSE FRED LAUGHS EXCITED CHATTER Thank you. Not a bad effort, young 'un. The winner of the First Annual Sanditon Gentlemen's Race is the boat captained by Mr James Stringer! APPLAUSE Not bad, eh? Well done, Mr Stringer. Thank you, Sir. Not the prize I was after. Well rowed. TOM: Well done, Stringer. Well coxed. Well rowed. LADY SUSAN: Well, Mr Parker, I must thank you for a most invigorating day. It is I who must thank you, ma'am. And if I might presume, I hope that we might see you in Sanditon again, perhaps for longer next time? There is a distinct likelihood. I have one friend in particular who would be rather taken with the place. He would be most welcome, of course... Or... or she. Goodbye, Charlotte. You must not lose heart. The race is not yet run. Thank you, but, I am more or less resigned to its outcome. Ah, my dear girl, when it comes to love, there is no such thing as a foregone conclusion. "One particular friend." She must surely be talking about the Prince Regent himself! Goodbye. Your regatta was a huge triumph! Come, Mary. We can hardly call it "my" regatta. It was our regatta. It wouldn't have happened without Charlotte... Couldn't have happened without you. Why did I ever think to hide a thing from you... When you... you are my strength, my inspiration. What a fool I was. I promise you this much. I'll never hide the smallest worry from you again. Starting with the fact that right now my entire body is in spasm. Come on, old man. Let's get you home and into a hot bath. BOTH CHUCKLE Yes, please. You know you didn't have to wait for me. I've waited ten years. What's another quarter of an hour? The truth is now that I've found you again, I can scarcely bring myself to let you out of my sight. Eliza, I... You know, I never lost hope that we would stand beside each other once more. Here we are. Fate has gifted us a second chance. EDWARD: The vanquished enemy retreats. I was never your enemy. Poor Edward. What is to become of you now? I have no need of your sympathy. I am still a gentleman. I have a title. Everything that you own is in those pathetic little bags. Yes, but I had nothing to lose. You've lost everything. Look at you. Alone and unloved. Trust me, that is not an easy place to find yourself. I will spare you a thought now and then. I know you will think of me. BELL RINGS DOOR OPENING APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS Sir! I am quite capable of finding my own way there, thank you very much! I told you to refuse all visitors! Wait! I ask only for a moment. Miss Denham, I have done all I can to forget about you, but it is quite impossible. I feel I could spend a thousand years in your company and still not fathom you out. And yet, when I heard your brother speak of you today in the most derogatory terms, I felt I finally began to understand... You know nothing! I think you've been his prisoner for too long. He alone has had the power to determine your self-worth and he has abused that power in ways I can barely even guess at. SHE SOBS I do not know what has transpired. But I only hope this means you are free at last of his... ..pernicious influence. And I know you don't hold me in much esteem, but I came here without expectation and in the spirit of friendship to make you a promise. Your brother is not going to make a victim out of you. I will not allow it. DOOR CLOSES If you're looking for your brother... I'm not. As a matter of fact, I was looking for you. I thought you and Mrs Campion would be heading back to London. She's already left. I decided against joining her. On reflection, I realised... I would rather be here. I, er... I am a great deal less than perfect. You've made me all too aware of that. But for whatever it is worth... ..I believe I am my best self... ..my truest self... ..when I'm with you. That is all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 