Sanditon: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sanditon 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sanditon (2019): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 The arrival of Miss Lambe's forbidden love causes Charlotte to question her opinion of Sidney. Meanwhile, Clara witnesses a moment between Esther and Sir Edward. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ah, Miss Heywood! Good morning, Mr Parker. Miss Parker. And what a splendid morning it is, Miss Heywood! It is by no means splendid, it is quite unbearable! If we're not blinded by the sun, we shall be incinerated by the heat! Well, can't stop. Dr Fuchs is expecting us for our daily repairs! Toodle-ooh. Thank you, Miss. Thank you. Next. Crockett! And Alison says our Harry's grown a whole two inches. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am certain she exaggerates. I have not been here a month! Really? You have become such a part of our family that it seems like a lot longer. Does it not, my dear? No. Sorry? I am sorry Mr Parker could not join us for breakfast. Apparently his mind has a prior engagement. THEY LAUGH Forgive me, my dear. It is... well, erm, I'd rather hoped the post might bring word from Sidney at last. I am sure you've no cause to doubt Sidney, Sir. He seemed quite galvanised with the thought of our regatta, and set off with great purpose. Quite right, my dear! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He'll doubtless return with good news at any moment! I am glad to hear you speak well of my brother-in-law, Charlotte. You weren't always so convinced of his virtues. No, I er... I admit I may have been a little overhasty forming an opinion. Ah! You need feel no shame on that account. My brother's merits are often slow to advertise themselves. Perhaps he is an acquired taste, then, sir. Like anchovy paste? Ho-ho, well said, Charlotte! That's it exactly. Far too peppery for some. But altogether habit-forming once you get the hang of it! Oh... Not bad news, I hope, Aunt? The Earl of Sussex is engaged. How dreadfully inconsiderate of him! I had no idea you were minded to marry again, Aunt. I am not thinking of myself, you ninny! I already have a title and wealth, what possible reason would there be for me to marry again? No, all these exertions are for the benefit of my ungrateful nephew and niece. That is typically generous of you, Aunt. I know! My largesse shall be my downfall. And as for prospects, Clara, I fear they are beyond remedy. I should be content to remain here as your ward forever, Aunt. Oh, well, nothing lasts forever. Here. You can deliver this to Denham Place for me. Oh, I would, Aunt. It's just that only, with my injured arm... Oh, for heaven's sake, child. It was barely a singe! You've had more than your measure of sympathy. A walk and some fresh air will do you good. Here. Now go on. Run along with you! I hope I'm not intruding, Mr Stringer. Please excuse the humble state of our dwelling, miss. It's not quite Trafalgar House, I am afraid. Hercules, down! Good boy. This is far more comfortable! It reminds me of my home in Willingden. Miss Heywood's come to see how you're recovering, Father. That's kind of you, miss, but, er, 'tis a fuss over nothing. I have known far worse. You can tell young 'un here I am more than ready to resume my labours. I am afraid my father is quite mistaken. The doctor was clear... He made a good enough job of my leg, but what does he know about masonry? A pagoda! One of Mr Nash's designs? Inspired by him, I'll admit. Mr Parker asked me to prepare it a few weeks ago. Young 'un was up half the night with it. Wasted three candles! Hardly wasted, sir. It is a work of art. Beg your pardon, miss, but that is by the by. My son is a foreman. Not his place to be drawing up plans. But might a man not elevate his station, Mr Stringer, when he is blessed with talent and prepared to work hard? Aye, Miss. Those are my feelings exactly. I must beg to differ. You make the best of the hand you're dealt. It's a fool says otherwise. Well, I er, I am glad to find you in such good heart, Mr Stringer, but I have taken up enough of your time. Miss Heywood. Miss Heywood! I have to take you to Miss Lambe. I came as fast as I could. Your maid said it was an emergency? It is! It's a glorious day, and I am trapped inside with the gorgon, and those prattling Beaufort sisters. You must rescue me at once, before I lose my mind. Rescue you? And how do you propose I do that? A picnic? I am afraid it's out of the question! Picnics are the preserve of farmhands and savages! Forgive me, Mrs Griffiths, but I cannot entirely see the danger in eating out of doors. It is an invitation to licentiousness! For a young lady to be seated on the ground while eating, in full view of anybody who might to pass! It's not just undignified, Miss Heywood, it's ungodly! I wonder if it might reassure you to know that we shan't be alone? Mr and Mrs Parker will be joining us. Mr and Mrs Parker? Why did you not say? Look what the morning post has brought! Yet another billet-doux from your unflagging suitor. Eurgh, if you love me, you'll burn it along with the others. And deny us our morning's entertainment? Not a chance! "Dear Miss Denham... "..despite your best efforts to rebuff my attentions, "I find myself compelled to continue our correspondence. "I have no expectation of receiving a reply, "but that will not deter me in the least. "The exercise is of some good to me, and I write without any intention "of paining you or humbling myself. "Others might find your silence disheartening, "but I have always believed that a prize too easily won "has no real worth." All right, Edward, that's enough! The maid left my stays far too loose this morning. If you wish to make yourself useful, come here and pinch me in. Be sure to pull them good and tight, unless you want me to look like a boy. Oh, nobody wants that. I can't believe that you're not at least a little amused by the letters. Is the notion that a man might be in love with me really so laughable? No. No, it's not that exactly. Harder, Edward! It is the very idea that you could ever favour him that I find so deliciously preposterous. Babbington is passably handsome, outrageously rich, and a lord. For all you know, he wears down my resistance with every letter. How many would-be suitors have I seen founder on the rocks of your disdain? It will take a bolder man than Babbington to pierce your armour. What was that? It'll be one of the servants. I do not think I have ever seen anyone lie with quite such virtuosity. Hmm... the fault is entirely hers. Were she not so pious, we'd have had no cause to lie. And it worked, did it not? Here we both are, at liberty! Where are you leading us? It is rather removed, is it not? That is what makes it so perfect. THEY GIGGLE Georgiana, who is this? My name is Charlotte Heywood. And who, sir, might you be? Has Otis not the most handsome face you have ever seen? Forgive Georgiana. She has far too high an opinion of my virtues. You may disregard most everything she's told you of me. As a matter of fact, Mr Molyneux, she has told me nothing of you. Until a moment ago, I did not even know you existed. I am sorry, Charlotte. I couldn't risk anyone knowing of Otis' presence. The truth is... ..we are forbidden from seeing each other. By whom? My wretched guardian. Who else? Thank you for delivering Georgiana to me, Miss Heywood. I am much in your debt. But we will not trouble you beyond this point. I have found the most perfect spot for our picnic. I am sorry, I cannot simply abandon Georgiana. She will hardly be "abandoned". I will be keeping her company. Forgive me, sir, but we've only just met. All I know is that you are forbidden from seeing each other. And I gave my word that I would keep an eye on Georgiana. Your word? To whom? Mr Sidney Parker. You are his spy? No. No, I... I agreed to see that you were kept safe. That's all. I thought you were my friend. Not his. It is this dreadful hot weather, doctor! It has swollen every one of my extremities! I could find no evidence of swelling, gnadiges fraulein. Of course not! Cos it is as yet invisible to the naked eye, but if left untreated, I dare not imagine the consequences. Might a fellow ask where you're leading us? It has been my honour to examine you both each day this past week. It seems clear to me, fraulein, that your symptoms derive from a simple case of hysteria. As for you, Herr Parker, your condition is entirely the result of a sedentary lifestyle. It is my belief that you would both benefit from the same exact remedy! And what is it, pray? Regular and vigorous motion! Egad! MR PARKER CHUCKLES Hello, what's your name? I cannot imagine a lovelier spot. It would not be half so lovely without you in it. Tongue? Or a little pork pie, perhaps? Thank you. But I might take a drink first. So, tell me, Mr Molyneux... ..what is it that keeps you in London? I am a merchant. And what is your trade? Mind what you say, Otis. This will all be reported back to Sidney. That is not fair. How is it that you and Miss Lambe became acquainted? HE CHUCKLES We met at a ball. SHE LAUGHS Otis mistook me for a servant. He demanded I fetch him a cup of wine. I did not "demand". I was quite polite about it. The very request was offensive. Only because you held yourself in such high esteem. I found him to be rude and sanctimonious. I found her to be spoilt and petulant. SHE CHUCKLES I was uprooted. Lost. In despair. Otis restored me to life. Those three months were the happiest I've known. But then your friend, Mr Parker... ..took it upon himself to rip us apart. However painful that might have been, Mr Parker must surely have had Georgiana's best interests at heart? Then you clearly don't know Mr Parker... ..as well as you think. I hope you will be pleased, sir. I have completed the plans for the pagoda, just as you asked. Perhaps you'd like to take a look? I trust they will be to your satisfaction. Yes. Do you know, on consideration, I'm not so sure we need it. What purpose would it serve, after all? We agreed, sir, it would provide a focal point for the seafront. Yes, well, never mind. Let's concentrate on the job in hand, shall we? I must say, I had rather hoped the terrace would be further along by now. So had I, sir. But I fear being a man down has rather slowed our progress. Yes. Glad to hear your father is recovering. Aye. It'll be a while till he's back on site. Still, once we get the new labourers, new equipment, we shall pick up the pace. Any idea when that might be, Mr Parker? Soon! Soon! All in good time! Sir, we were stretched enough when my father was working. You promised me a week ago! No need to use that tone. What do I tell my men? Tell them there are certain arrangements I need to make first. That is all. Patience, Young Stringer! Going at quite a canter now, what, Diana? Is it not bracing? That is hardly the word I would use. I fear a fall at this speed would certainly prove fatal. Well, I for one feel utterly invigorated! That Fuchs fellow is a German genius. Oh, you poor soul. You must have taken leave of your senses. Oh, on the contrary! I feel as if I am awakening for the first time. I am minded to follow this up with a ten-mile march! But, Arthur, you and I are not made for such things. Our... our constitutions are altogether too... too delicate for physical activity. Oh, goodness. Mr Parker, Miss Parker. I had no idea you were such accomplished equestrians! Oh, neither had I, Sir Edward. Tally ho! HE LAUGHS Wait! Arthur! Don't leave me behind! What a preposterous pair! You're in a peculiarly good mood. Is there any reason I shouldn't be? Our aunt has summoned us. It hardly bodes well. On the contrary, she probably wants us to help Clara pack her bags! You act as though this is nothing more than a schoolboy's game. It is a game! And soon enough, Miss Clara Brereton will be sent to the baths with a bloodied nose! And what then? What happens once this undignified contest is over? Then... we shall live a life that even the poets would envy. We shall swim the Hellespont! Roam the canals of Venice! Whatever it is your heart desires, my dear sister, you shall have it. How goes our terrace? I fear for the craftsmanship without me there. You won't be getting there any time soon. As for the men we were promised... ..I begin to wonder if Mr Parker's word has any worth at all. You mind your mouth, young 'un. That's no way to speak of the gentleman who pays your wages. You and I both know... ..it's one hollow promise after another. If you'd only listened to me... If I'd listened to you, I'd still be laying bricks! You heard what Miss Heywood said. What's wrong with aspiring to a better life? This life's been good enough for me. And it were enough for my father. Aye, and his father before that. God knows, you've told me enough times. But it's not enough for me. LAUGHING This is such a blessed relief from dull, dreary old Sanditon. How I wish we could escape it altogether. Sanditon's not as bad as all that, Georgiana. As a matter of fact, I've become exceedingly fond of the place. Fond of what exactly? I'm afraid its appeal is lost on me. Otis, where are you going? You yearn for escape. And earlier I saw a boat just along the riverbank. You cannot... you're not suggesting that we steal a stranger's boat? Absolutely not, Miss Heywood. We are simply going to borrow it! Don't be such a stick-in-the-mud, Charlotte. I'm not a stick-in-the-mud! If you are worried about what Sidney will think, don't be. He's in London. He never needs to know about any of this. # For a that, and a that. # Our toils obscure and that. # Ladies. HE PANTS What a goodly day for a constitu... ..for a constitu... consti... Sidney! Tom will be overjoyed to see you. He has been so impatient for your return. I daresay you understand the source of his concerns better than I? Ah, he merely asked me to help with the regatta. That is all. Where is he? Is he at home? I have no idea where he is. And, er, what of your house guest? Charlotte? She has gone to see Miss Lambe. They seem to have struck up quite a friendship. Then she's being as good as her word. You know, I am minded to visit Georgiana now. Perhaps I'll find Miss Heywood still with her? # There is a ship sailing On the sea # She's water deep as deep can be # But not so deep as in love I am # I care not if I sink or swim. # I wish we could carry on forever. Follow the current to the sea and just... keep on. Then no-one could keep us apart. There is a way we can be together forever. Not again, Otis. Georgiana Lambe, I cannot live another day without you at my side. I must ask that you do me the honour of becoming my wife. And I swear that if you refuse me this one last time, I shall be forced to throw myself overboard. I cannot marry without Sidney's consent. You know that. If my life were my own... ..how different the answer would be. Well. Never let it be said that I am not a man of my word. Otis! Otis! Mr Molyneux? THEY GASP, THEY LAUGH You fool! THEY LAUGH HE MOANS Be honest, doctor. Is there a chance he may yet live? Or must we accept what is to come? My dear Fraulein, I have but rarely known a case of sun stroke to be fatal! Sun stroke? Ja, ja! If I may, Rome was not built in one day. The next time you exercise, Herr Parker, may I suggest... The next time? Surely we have proven beyond a doubt that such exertions have a pernicious effect on my brother! I am sorry, but I can never allow you to ever exercise again. From now on, Arthur, you must only move only when it is essential. Very well, sister. If it will ease your mind, I shall henceforth compel myself to adopt a recumbent lifestyle. Yes. Oh, you poor soul, I think that would be best. "Speak to me, I shall answer for her your will. "Most radiant, exquisite and unmatchable beauty, "I pray you, tell me if this be the lady of the house." Really, girls. You might at least try and put a little bit of feeling into it. It is supposed to be poetry, after all! Mr Parker! I had no idea you were back in Sanditon. Sorry to interrupt. I've come to see Georgiana. Alas, she is not here. Erm, she and Miss Heywood are attending your brother and Mrs Parker's picnic. You must be mistaken. I have just been at Mrs Parker's. I saw no sign of a picnic or Georgiana. But, but she said... She said what, Mrs Griffiths? For far too long, the pair of you have idled about, in the vague hope of some future inheritance. Well... ..it will not do! You may have squandered your chances with Miss Lambe, Edward, but there is still plenty of low-hanging fruit to be found, if you know where to look. You have drawn up a list? In descending order of eligibility. Naturally the primary requirement is wealth, closely followed by title. And what about beauty, and charm? Don't be pedantic! There's a gentleman in Norfolk named Marston who has 80,000, and six daughters. The eldest is married, but he has struggled in vain to find a taker for the second. I can't think why, because I'm told her squint is barely notice the from the side! Really, Aunt. Oh, for heaven's sake! He still has four other daughters. I can't believe one of them won't be to your liking. I shall arrange a visit. That's good of you, Aunt, but... And as for you, if you could keep that scowl off your face for long enough, there's no reason why we shouldn't find you a husband by Michaelmas. I wouldn't count on it. Given how skilled Esther is at deterring suitors. Even Babbington's bound to give up, sooner or later. Lord Babbington? Oh, yes, he's quite besotted. Oh, well! Esther? I trust you've been fanning the flames of his ardour? Certainly not. I have been ignoring him. Oh, you foolish, ungrateful child! Lord Babbington couldn't be a better prospect if he was advanced in years and in poor health. He'd be a perfect husband! For someone else perhaps. And why not you? What is it you want? Could it be that no man will ever measure up to Edward? That's a fair question, I grant you. I have rarely seen two people enjoy such intimacy. If you could, I suspect you would marry each other! Oh, really, what nonsense you talk! Your company is so much more agreeable when you smile and say nothing. Why don't you play for us instead? Otis was more or less raised on the water. He is half-man and half-porpoise. THEY LAUGH Your father was a mariner? No, but the man who gave me my freedom was. Your freedom? I was born in Africa. Taken from my mother and sold as a child. But then providence placed me in the path of an gentleman. He gave me freedom. An education. That is why I now spend my days fighting for the liberty of others. Otis belongs to the Sons Of Africa. They're devoted to ending enslavement for good. But surely slavery is consigned to history? Would that were so, Miss Heywood. I am afraid there are thousands who yet remain in bondage. And its legacy is all around us. How do you mean? It's in the sugar of your tea. It's in the cotton of your dress. It is in the grand houses of half the nobility of this country, built with fortunes wrung from the blood and toil of my brothers and sisters. You should ask your friend Sidney Parker about his time in Antigua. He was glad enough to turn a blind eye when there was money to be made. Dammit! Where the hell are they? You cannot leave just yet. It is too soon! You've barely just arrived. It shall not be long before I return. There is not a thing on God's earth that can keep us apart. I will walk you to your coach. We cannot risk being seen together. I know of a back route. There is far less chance of our being discovered. Forgive me, Miss Heywood. I fear I was rude when we first met. I was hardly charitable towards you either. I must ask, for the life of me, I cannot think what Sidney's objection to you could be? Is it not obvious? Look at him. This piece is to be played allegretto. I will need some help turning the pages. Esther, would you be so kind? Well, you heard her! Off you trot! Do you care for Italian songs, Esther? Not in the least. Perhaps your taste runs closer to home? I find silence is much undervalued. If I were an aria, I believe my tempo would be semplice. As for you... I think, this evening at least, you would be... agitato. You are confusing agitation with boredom. And what of Edward? What kind of a tempo should we give him? I do not see the point in this exercise. How about... lusingando. Forza. Appassionato. Esther, what's the matter? This mawkish music is insufferable! Do not trouble yourself. I will see to her. The London coach stands ready. Mrs Griffiths will never know you were here. Can you imagine what she would say if she knew? I think she would burst into actual flames. THEY LAUGH IMITATING MRS GRIFFITHS: Really, Miss Lambe! This licentious behaviour will not do! THEY LAUGH I shall be asking Reverend Hannigan to pray for your soul. He can pray all he likes. I don't think his God is the same as mine. AS SIDNEY: You see, Georgiana, this is exactly why I looked you away in Mrs Griffiths' dungeon. Oh, now that is uncanny! Keep you out of mischief while I, Sydney Parker, gallivanting around London with my high society dandy friends. Stop. Stop. No, do go on. I am intrigued to hear what I might say next. Mr Molyneux. You are the very last person I'd expect to find in Sanditon. Forgive me, sir. I would have notified you of my visit, but I can't be certain of the welcome I would receive. Oh, you could be entirely certain. My position hasn't changed, nor will it. Mrs Griffiths, Miss Lambe must not see this man again. Very good, Mr Parker. And if I see you within a mile of my ward... ..I will not be held responsible for my actions. Am I understood? Perfectly. Mrs Griffiths, kindly take Miss Lambe back to her lodgings. Mr Hankins... Now! Go! Move! Come. Come along. Wait! You could at least allow them a proper parting. Thank you, Miss Heywood, this is none of your concern. Otis! Miss Lambe. Otis! Please, Miss Lambe. We don't want to make a spectacle of ourselves now, do we? Come. Did we not agree that you would look out for Georgiana? Keep her out of trouble. HE SCOFFS I should have known you weren't to be trusted. And I should have known, despite your professed concern, you care nothing for her happiness! I would ask you to refrain from making judgements about a situation you don't understand. I understand perfectly well. Oh, of course you do, even though you've known Georgiana but a handful of weeks, and him a matter of hours. That was time enough to learn that Mr Molyneux is as respectable a gentleman as I have ever had cause to meet. You seem to find it impossible to distinguish between the truth and your own opinion! The truth! You wish to speak of the truth, Mr Parker? The truth is you're so blinded by prejudice that you would judge a man by the colour of his skin alone. You speak out of turn. But why should I expect any better from a man whose fortune is tainted with the stain of slavery? That is enough! I do not need to justify myself to you. Mr Stringer! Kindly see Miss Heywood back to Trafalgar House. Of course. Thank you, but I am in no mood to go home. I think I shall take a walk. One of your servants must have left the door unlocked. I must say, it is kind of Edward to help you dress in the morning. I wonder, does he also undress you at the day's end? One cannot lace one's own stays. And I did not have a servant to hand. That is all. Men can be so artful in their persuasion, can they not? And it is so much harder to resist when you are sleeping under the same roof. For me, it was an uncle. You are not suggesting I am the victim of some unnatural coercion? He is your brother. What could be more unnatural than that? By marriage alone! We share no blood! Were it not for the fact that we bear the same name, we would be... You would be what...? No. It cannot be. You are not in love with him? That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard! Of course you are. It is so obvious now that I think of it. My poor, dear, Esther. You have my pity. I have no need of your pity. Oh, but you do. I have seen enough of Sir Edward Denham to know how this story ends. Do not presume to know the first thing about my brother. May I give you some advice, my dear? Listen to our aunt. Find yourself a wealthy husband now, while you still can. Because whatever this happy future is that you imagine for the pair of you, it is quite impossible. But in your heart of hearts you already know that. Forgive me, Mr Stringer. I fear I am very poor company. On the contrary, Miss. After the day I've had, a walk in companionable silence is just what I needed. I am rather ashamed of myself. Losing my temper like that. I'm sure you must have good reason to lose your temper. Oh, I did! Indeed I did. Certain people are inherently disagreeable. You can try to convince yourself otherwise, but the more you try to get to know them, the more you realise just how disagreeable they really are. Upon my word, miss, you are not afraid to speak your mind! Perhaps I should be. Perhaps I would do better to merely simper and say nothing. Is that not what young ladies are supposed to do? Please don't. I wouldn't wish for you to change. Not for the world. Thank you, Mr Stringer. Would that all men could be like you. I do wish you would tell me what the matter is? I am sick of it all. Well, then it's a good thing, it will all be over soon enough. How? I cannot see how we shall ever be rid of Clara, and there's every chance our aunt could live another 20 years! And what are we to do in the meantime? How long are we to continue this half-life? What choice do we have? We could escape. You said it yourself. The Hellespont. Venice. All that you promised. Why wait? In case you've forgotten, we're dirt poor. We could scarcely afford even the most basic apartment. And what if Clara were to seize the advantage in our absence? So what if she does? It's only money! Only money! We'll have each other. Is that not enough? There is no-one alive... ..I love as much as you. Tell me you do not feel the same? Of course. But I do not see the merit in running away. That money is our birth right. We must be practical, Esther. You are right. Who know how long our aunt may yet live? Sooner or later, I must find a wife and you a husband. Else what kind of a future can we look forward to? Yes. Quite right, brother. For a moment there, I quite forgot myself. No matter. SHE CRIES SHE BREATHES DEEPLY, SHE SNIFFLES No, no, that is not possible. Clearly you forgot to explain about the regatta, that we're soon to be the most popular resort on the south coast. Did you even mention Dr Fuchs? Tom, I spoke to three different banks at length. Not one of them is willing to extend your credit any further. Then what do you suggest I do now, Sidney, hmm? What exactly do I do now? Why not try living within your means? That might help! I'm sorry... ..but I have done everything you asked of me, Tom. I am not your keeper. I will gladly own my mistakes. But I cannot own yours. Mr Parker. Miss Heywood. You see? Did I not tell you that Sidney would return before long? Right as always, my dear. And? Was his news all you hoped for? Better, even! Sidney, Sidney has worked wonders! As a matter of fact, my dear, I have, erm, bought you... ..a little something to celebrate. You had no need to. It is quite lovely. Think of it as a promise. A promise of what? Of things to come, my dear! Of things to come! I managed to slip past Mrs Griffiths. I am no longer under any illusion. Sidney Parker is self-important, prejudiced, and cruel. If he has made it his mission to keep you and Otis apart, well, I shall make it mine to defy him. Mr Wilcock. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 