Sanditon: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sanditon 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sanditon (2019): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 A chance accident brings Charlotte Heywood to Sanditon, a seaside resort on the cusp of dramatic change. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My dear, I think we're going the wrong way. Oh. Nonsense, my dear, this is the way. You'll see I'm right. CARRIAGE RATTLES Hold tight, dear. That's the way. Look, Charlotte. Who can that be? They need to slow down. They're going too fast for that track. SHE SHRIEKS Quick, Alison. Quickly, boys! HORSES NEIGHING 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are you all right? Whoa, whoa, whoa! HORSES NEIGHING Good boy. Is anybody hurt? Here we are. No harm done. Careful, Charlotte. Steady. Here, let me help. Thank you, miss. Very kind of you to risk yourself. Not at all, ma'am. This is the most exciting thing to happen in Wellington for years. I'm fine, thank you, miss. HE GRUNTS 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There we are. Neat as ninepence. Argh! Oh, it's nothing. Nothing at all. Give me your arm, sir. Our house is close by. Well, thank you, miss. What kindness. I see we have fallen amongst friends. This really is so kind of you. We were in search of a physician, you know, sir. For Sanditon. Is Sanditon a relative, sir? No, no, a place. And what a place. Sanditon is, or very soon will be, the finest seaside resort on the whole of the south coast. Then I should very much like to see it, sir. And so you shall. I just... Argh. Thank you. What a glorious sight it is. You see, Miss Heywood, hotel here, shops, new terraces here. Cliff walk and the assembly rooms... here. Do you plan to have dancing there, sir? We are holding our first ball next week. You're really building all this? I am. Well, causing it to be built. Mr Heywood, our carriage is quite repaired now, and I insist you must come and sample the delights of Sanditon without delay. Forgive me, sir, I make it a principle never to go more than five miles away from home. Ah, but for Sanditon, sir. For Sanditon, with all its charms, you must make an exception. My husband is ever the enthusiast. Nothing wrong with that, madam, but he cannot tempt me. Then one of your daughters perhaps, in return for your kindness. Papa, might I go? Really, Charlotte. Forgive my eldest daughter's presumption, Mr Parker. Not at all. Nothing could delight us more. Of course she can come. Stay as long as she likes. Can she not, Mary? If you permit, we will be very happy, sir. Charlotte. Yes, Papa. Just a word, my dear. Just a word. Now, these seaside resorts can be odd places. No-one quite knows who anyone else is, where they come from and what they're up to. That sounds... stimulating. Yes, well, I suppose it is. But... the normal rules of conduct tend to be relaxed and sometimes altogether flouted. But if I'm with Mr and Mrs Parker, nothing bad can happen, can it? Just... Just be careful. That's all. Careful of what, Papa? Everything. Bye, Charlotte. Bye-bye, Charlotte. Be good. Bye! CHORUS OF GOODBYES CHILDREN LAUGHING Bye, Charlotte, bye! Now we are coming near. Do you feel a difference in the air, Miss Heywood? Sea air. Better than any medicine or tonic. And there, there is the sea itself. Oh, yes. I see it. Doesn't it make your spirits soar? Tom, you can't expect Charlotte to be as excited by a glimpse of salt water as you are. Stuff and nonsense. I'll wager that within a few days she'll be as keen as mustard on it. Indeed, Mrs Parker. I needed to see everything. Ah, now we are just coming up to Sanditon House. Lady Denham's place. Now, she is the great lady of the town. Very rich. And very much involved, as I am, in the future of Sanditon as a first-class bathing resort. You see, just coming into view now. Shall we call upon her this very minute, my dear? I should like Miss Heywood to meet her and I have business matters to discuss with her. Before we see our own children, Tom? No? Well, perhaps you're right. Indeed you are right, always. Trafalgar House and the children it is. This is civilisation indeed. Here we are! Have you been good? Yeah. KISSING Children! Ha-ha-ha. Papa's home! Papa, so glad you're home. Miss Heywood, allow me to introduce you to Alicia, Jenny, Henry and baby James. Say how do you do to Miss Heywood. How do you do? Well, in we go. After you, Miss Heywood. Come in, Mum. Come in, come in. That is a portrait of Sidney, my younger brother. We're expecting him down from London for the ball. We're counting on his help to make Sanditon fashionable. What is his occupation? Good question. He's a man of affairs, a man of business, importing, exporting. He's here, there and everywhere. You can ask him yourself when you meet. Let me show you to your room, Charlotte. I hope you'll be comfortable here. Thank you. I'm sure I shall. I've never had a room of my own before. Come down for tea as soon as you've settled in. A governess and her school, is that really the best we can muster? What about the rest of our empty houses? They will be taken up soon enough, Lady Denham. Mark my words. So you keep saying, but by whom? You promised me a quick return on my investment. I can assure you the ball will change everything. My brother Sidney is bringing a crowd of his most well-connected friends. Once they start spreading the word of Sanditon's delights, we shall be overrun. From what I know of your brother, I won't hold my breath. And if this ball is so vital, why have you not been here to arrange it? Instead you hare off in pursuit of a doctor we have no need of and return with nothing more than a sprained ankle and another young lady. What is the use of that? We have enough young ladies here, unless she brings a fortune with her. Does she? Miss Heywood is a very charm... Tom. Oh. So, this is the young lady. Lady Denham, may I present Miss Charlotte Heywood. How do you do? Hmm. Very prettily done, my dear. Lady Denham's ward, Miss Clara Brereton. Good day. Well, she's a fine, healthy-looking girl. Though nothing remarkable as to looks. What is your father, Miss Heywood? He has a small estate in Willingden, ma'am. And farms it, I suppose? That won't do any more. Land is not what it used to be. Industry and enterprise, that is the future. Indeed it is. How many brothers and sisters have you? 11, ma'am. 11? Oh, you will need to marry well. And no doubt they've sent you to Sanditon to find yourself a fortune. Not at all, ma'am. Lady Denham... Nonsense. Of course they have. There is no shame in that. I married very well myself. Any children, ma'am? No, we were not blessed. Sir Harry Denham was elderly and in poor health. And now, do you see, everybody is waiting for me to shuffle off this mortal coil so they can have my money. What do you say to that, Miss Heywood? If you have no direct heirs, Lady Denham, I suppose you can leave it where you please. Quite right. You're a sharp one, Miss Heywood. But my relations all think they have a claim on it. The Breretons, as I was a Miss Brereton. Clara there is one of many Breretons. Poor as church mice. And then there's Sir Harry's nephew and niece, Sir Edward Denham and Miss Esther, all of them hoping to do well by my demise. There's one thing they all forget. And that is that I have no intention at all of dying. So my advice to them all is they can fend for themselves. You go and sit down with Miss Clara. Mr Parker and I have matters of business to discuss. I'm afraid you must have found Lady Denham rather rude. She does seem very... ..direct. She is. I'm very grateful to her for taking me in. I'm the very poorest of poor relations, Miss Heywood. Charlotte, please. And may I call you Clara? Of course. How do you like Sanditon? Very much. Though I've seen very little of it. Do you plan to try sea bathing? I want to try everything there is to try. Do you care for it yourself? I confess I haven't been in the sea yet. Although Sir Edward has been extolling its health-giving properties to me. Perhaps we could enjoy it or endure it together? I should like that very much. What are you talking about over there? Sea bathing, Lady Denham. DOOR BELL RINGING Oh, excellent. Our bathing machines at Sanditon are the best on the whole of the south coast. Sir Edward Denham and Miss Denham. I thought we might find you here, Aunt. We've been taking the air and I thought to tempt you all out onto the cliff walk to admire... I beg your pardon. Let me introduce you to our guest, Miss Heywood. Enchanted... to make your acquaintance, Miss Heywood. So, Miss Heywood, what do you say to the prospect? Very picturesque, sir. Mmm. I hear you're an advocate for sea bathing? I am, Miss Heywood. You must experience it. The bracing shock of the first plunge. The incomparable feeling of freedom and lightness. The ocean bearing you up as you give yourself to it fearlessly. The gentle play of the currents over your naked limbs. Nothing can give one such a sense of well-being. Miss Heywood, come and walk with me. I see you're enjoying yourself. Just making a newcomer feel at home, sister. Perhaps you could find the time to focus on the task in hand. I'll speak to her now. Sir Edward, you know, he's a good young man. How do you find him? I find him very elegant and very... spirited. Hmm. And very well to look at. That as well. Yes, he is very well to look at. Very pleasing to the young ladies. And no doubt he'll sow some wild oats, but he must marry money. A handsome young fellow like that will go about smirking and paying girls compliments. But he has to marry a fortune. You do understand me? I understand you perfectly, ma'am. Yes, I think you do. You're a good, sensible sort of girl. Hello, hello! There you are! Are you surprised to see us? How do you do? Oh... What a pleasant surprise. Edward. Esther. Miss Heywood, my sister, Miss Diana Parker and my brother, Arthur. We've all been very ill. Almost at death's door. Haven't we, Arthur? I thought I'd never leave my bed. But we have rallied, as you can see. And we came to call on you as soon as we arrived only to learn you're on a cliff walk. So we thought we'd be brave and surprise you. Our lodgings are closest. Come. Take tea with us. And let's all of us, for God's sake, get out of this howling gale. Come, come. Come in, come in. Miss Heywood. You see, we were sure of a good fire. Poor Arthur feels the cold so. Oh, and we have seen Miss Lambe, who's said to be a great heiress with a fortune from the sugar trade. Her party arrived in two hack chaises, Miss Lambe, her maid, her governess, Miss Griffiths, and two Miss Beauforts. What's she like? Is she pretty? We only caught a glimpse of her back as she went inside the house, but the whole party was very fine and respectable. But to travel with her own maid, that speaks of riches, does it not? It does, sister, and I hope she sets a fashion and all the rich, young heiresses flock into Sanditon to spend, spend, spend. Come, sit by me, Miss Heywood. Warm yourself. You must be as chilled to the bone as I am. Thank you. But I... I don't find the weather chilly at all. Oh, what a constitution you must have. I like the air, you know, as much as anyone, but it doesn't like me. My sister thinks me bilious, but I doubt it. If I were bilious, wine would disagree with me, when I've always found it does my nerves good. Do you know, the more I drink, the better I feel. Often I wake up in the morning feeling very groggy, but then after a few glasses of wine I feel right as rain. That's quite remarkable, don't you think? Though I can take a little toast with butter on it. No more than six or seven slices, though. Will you let me toast you a slice or two? Please do. The barometer is set fair. I propose a sea bathing party... tomorrow. Oh, madness. ESTHER: This is taking too long. You have never been reluctant to charm the ladies, Edward. More's the pity. Oh, getting closer to Clara Brereton is proving harder than expected. What a tangled mess. Don't you wish you still had Nanny to tease out the cotters? I prefer your gentle touch, brother, dear. Ow. Perhaps you could use your charms at sea bathing today. Ow! LIVELY FOLK MUSIC Here we are. The perfect day, as I promised you. And this is where we must part company. Ladies, you see the bathing machine awaits you. We, gentlemen, must further down the beach. Try not to observe us, ladies. Two of these should be enough to accommodate us, unless anyone prefers to be private. For myself, I should be glad of the company. And I. I shall just watch and look after the clothes. I'm disappointed in you, Arthur. We swim almost every day in the season. It really is what makes Sanditon so special. They're quite private. We can change without being seen. Come on. Thank you. Well. Oh, damn it! Hold on, boys. Wait! Wait for me! This is delightful, isn't it? Yes. It's... wonderful. Are those the men over there? Yes, I think so. Are they... Are they really wearing no clothes at all? None whatsoever. GASPS LAUGHS Well done, Arthur! Look at him go. My brother is a very... unexpected man. TOM: It's too bad, it really is too bad! It's nothing to worry about, really. Nothing to worry about? No word from him and the ball only a day away. You know Sidney Parker always leaves everything to the last minute. But does he realise the paramount importance of the occasion? Is it really so very important? Of course it is. Of course it is. If Sanditon's first ball is not a triumph, I fear Lady Denham will withdraw her investment. Sit down and have some breakfast, Tom. I can't. I am too... My husband has two wives, Charlotte. Myself and Sanditon. I'd hesitate to say which of us he cares for the most. Marriage is... very much about making allowances for the other person. As I'm sure you'll find out for yourself. I had no idea what I was letting myself in for when I fell in love with Tom. There's something thrilling about that. Thrilling, but exhausting. CHARLOTTE LAUGHS Oh. Now, what do you think of those? They're lovely. I think you'd look very well in them at the ball. Shall we go in? You wouldn't be too proud to dance with a clerk or a shopkeeper, would you? Indeed I would not. I love to dance and I'll stand with anyone who will partner me. Excellent. Let's hope the mysterious Miss Lambe and her friends are of the same agreeable frame of mind. Oh, look, here's Miss Denham. Mrs Parker, Miss Heywood, well met. I was growing sick of my own company. Could I persuade you to walk a few steps with me? I have things to see to at home, but Charlotte? Gladly. So, what do you make of us all so far? It's always pleasant to make new acquaintances. Very prettily said. You don't mean a word of it. I saw Lady D haranguing you the other day. What was she talking about? Oh, her money mostly. And how we are scheming to get it, no doubt? She talks of little else. She's a mean, miserly old monster. Did she mention her niece, Clara Brereton? She told me she was very poor indeed. Oh, she's in no need of your sympathy. She does well enough basking in the warmth and luxury of Sanditon House, while Edward and I shiver in the damp and cold of Denham Place. No, if she succeeds in her object, which is, of course, to have everything for herself, I swear I will poison her. I'm sure you don't mean that. And your hosts? I'm very fond of them already. Mr Tom Parker is a monomaniac who is well on the way to ruining himself and his family with his crazy schemes. You don't really think that. I think his ideas are admirable. You wait till he bankrupts himself. I've nothing against his wife. Indeed, I feel very sorry for her. His brother Arthur is a buffoon, as you've no doubt discovered for yourself. And Sidney... I've not yet had the pleasure. Very unstable and unreliable. I advise you to be on your guard. Thank you. All in all, I think you will come to regret ever setting foot in Sanditon. I know I do. Look at that view. The sea. The sky. Isn't it all unutterably dreary? Lady Denham has been asking why you haven't been to call on her yet, Charlotte? The reason is she's a mean old woman who prefers to take her tea here. I've been thinking of sending her a bill. Well, I promised we'd call on her this afternoon. I hope that suits you, Charlotte? It suits me very well. What sort of carriage is that? It's hard to make out. Charlotte, I do believe it might be... Yes, it is. It's Tom's brother, Sidney. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Mary. Well met. A new maid? Sidney! This is Miss Charlotte Heywood, our guest at Trafalgar House. Miss...? Heywood. Heywood. Are you on your way to Trafalgar House? You'll stay with us? No, I've taken rooms at the hotel. Some friends are joining me there. And tomorrow evening is the famous ball, is it not? Tom's been in such a state about it. You will do all you can to help him, won't you? Tell him he has nothing to worry about. All is in hand. You off to Lady D's? We are. Then I won't keep you. Miss Heywood. Until later. Hyah! He is so good. He can be abrupt and... inattentive like he was just now with you. But he has a good heart. I'm glad to hear it. I worry about his own happiness. He's inclined not to think very highly of our sex. He's had some bruising experiences in the past. I should like to see him settled. But I fear it's not in his nature. All this land belongs to Sanditon House. It's a fine park. It complements the house very well. Lady Denham is very proud of it. There are deer here. Though they're very shy. You can sometimes see them on the other side of the estate. BIRDS TAKE FLIGHT SQUAWKING Did you see any? For a moment, I thought I did, but... As I say, they're very shy. HE SIGHS You seem concerned, Tom. Anything I can help with? Sidney. Hmm. I've never been so glad to see anyone. You didn't doubt I'd come, did you? No. No, no, not for a moment. Never mind, you're here now, that's all that matters. But you are not alone? I had hoped you might bring some friends with you. Never fear, brother, I've done exactly as you've asked of me. As we speak, Mr Crowe and Lord Babington are habituating themselves in the delights of the Crown Hotel. Splendid. Splendid. I knew I could depend on you, brother. With them and our heiress, even Lady Denham must concede that we are well on our way to becoming a fashionable destination. By "heiress", I take it you mean Miss Lambe has arrived in Sanditon? What do you know of Miss Lambe? A great deal more than I'd like to. DOOR CLOSES How beautiful. I've never seen anything like it. SERVANT: Mrs Parker and Miss Heywood, Lady Denham. Sit down, sit down. Higgs will bring us tea. So, Miss Heywood, I hear you've had your swim. How did you find it? Very... invigorating, ma'am. Good. And you drink the sea water as well. Not on purpose. I take half a tumbler of it every morning. Where is Clara? Oh, well, never mind her. Are you looking forward to tomorrow's ball? Very much, ma'am. Here she comes, the rascal. Where have you been? I've had the servants all over the house looking for you. Forgive me, Aunt, I was walking in the park. Well, you can play for us as penance. I've had the instrument brought over from Denham Place as Miss Esther has neither the taste nor any talent for music. Miss Clara, on the other hand, plays tolerably well. Well, sit down, girl, sit down. And demonstrate your talent. PLAYS MELLOW CLASSICAL PIECE Allow me. Lady Denham! Ladies and gentlemen, let me welcome you to our first ball of the season. Let good fellowship prevail. And I hope you've all come prepared to dance. Mr Cromarty. DRUM INTRO CLASSICAL DANCE MUSIC Sidney, there you are. Well met, well met. Make yourselves known to these ladies over here. Of course. Miss Denham, Miss Heywood, Miss Brereton, I'd like to introduce my friends. This is Lord Babington and Mr Crowe. Our friend assures us of good sport here. Shall we find any? I believe there is very little shooting in the neighbourhood, sir. I wasn't thinking of shooting. My friend was thinking of dancing, I'm sure. Could we persuade any of you young ladies to dance with us? I'm sure you could, sir. Your brother will be very pleased with you, Mr Parker. Yes, I hope so. Babington's a good fellow. What's more, he's a good friend of the Prince Regent. Now, if he could be convinced into coming to Sanditon, then... The general rejoicing would be unconfined, I imagine. Yes. Sanditon's reputation would be firmly established. And you care about such things? For my brother's sake, I do, yes. Mrs Griffiths! Miss Beaufort. Miss Phillida Beaufort. And Miss Lambe. WOMAN: What a scandal. MAN: Good God, a negress. MUTTERING Ladies. Delighted you could join us. FOLK DANCE MUSIC May I have the pleasure? You're looking very lovely this evening. Thank you, sir. I would like to say, what you saw yesterday afternoon, what you thought you saw... Was none of my business. But I'm anxious that you should not get the wrong impression. Miss Brereton was... distressed. And I was endeavouring to comfort her. You have no need to explain yourself to me. You promise you won't speak of it to others? Do you really think I would? No. Of course. You're altogether too... good, too pure in heart to gossip. Mr Parker. How do you like Sanditon? Do you really care? You mistake me. I have your interests very much at heart. Then you should have left me, when you found me. Believe me, I wish I could have. Duty dictated otherwise. Damn your duty. Mrs Griffiths. Lady Denham. Tell me about your young charges. Miss Lambe is from a very wealthy family in Antigua. She's very wealthy indeed, and she would have been even more so had her father not ended his business there and set his slaves free before his death. She came to England to complete her education and she's been in London for some time. Between you and me, Lady Denham, I understand there was another reason for removing Miss Lambe from London. An unsuitable romance. That doesn't surprise me in the least. What's her fortune? £100,000. MUSIC STOPS, APPLAUSE Arthur! Arthur, do be careful. Miss Lambe, may I? FIDDLE INTRO FOLK DANCE MUSIC Can we speak? Of course we can. I saw Sir Edward talking with you. Was he... Did he speak about yesterday afternoon? Yes, he did. And what did he say? He said... you were distressed and he was doing his best to comfort you. He was... forcing his attentions on me. Oh. He is not to be trusted. And you should be on your guard against him, too. I say this as your friend. He has no conscience and no sense of what is proper or decent. I believe he intends to ruin me in Lady Denham's eyes. How shocking. But why should he do that? Because she favours me, of course. He fears she will favour me over him in her will. But he sees every girl he encounters as fair game. I've heard there are men like that. There are. It has been my fate to meet with more than one of his kind. What you saw yesterday afternoon... ..I was obliged to... ..do something I didn't want to do. To avoid something even worse. I don't understand. No, of course. I shouldn't have... MUSIC STOPS You won't say anything to Lady Denham? Of course not. Miss Brereton. Can I... tempt you back onto the floor? Very happily, sir. DANCE MUSIC STARTS, CLAPPING WOMAN VOCALISES VOCALISES Oh, I beg your pardon. Not necessary. A penny for your thoughts, Miss Heywood. I was thinking how very hard it is to make people out. Did anyone in particular provoke that thought? People in general. I like to amuse myself by observing and trying to make conclusions. But in a place like Sanditon where strangers mingle freely, it's hard to form a reliable judgement. People can be so difficult to interpret. Don't you find? And what have you observed about me upon our small acquaintance? I think that you must be the sensible brother of the three. Oh, the sensible brother? And what makes you say that? Well I... I may be mistaken... ..but it seems to me that your younger brother, Arthur, has a very contrary nature. Alternately over-lethargic and over-energetic. While your elder brother, Tom, could be called over-enthusiastic. I'm afraid that, despite his good nature, he neglects his own happiness and his family's in his passionate devotion to Sanditon. Don't you agree? Upon my word, Miss Heywood, you are very free with your opinions. I beg your pardon, I didn't... And upon what experience of the world do you form your judgements? I... Where have you been? Nowhere. What have you learnt? Nothing, it would seem, and yet you take it upon yourself to criticise. Let me put it to you, Miss Heywood, which is the better way to live? To sit in your father's house with your piano and your embroidery? Waiting for someone to come and take you off your parents' hands? Or to expend your energy in trying to make a difference? To leave your mark. To leave the world in a better place than you found it. That is what my brother Tom is trying to do. At the expense of a great deal of effort and anxiety, in a good cause for which I do my best to help and support him. And you see fit to criticise him, to amuse yourself at his expense. I beg your pardon. I have offended you. Please forgive me. No, you haven't offended me. I'm the one at fault. I shouldn't have expected so much from a girl with so little experience and understanding. Excuse me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 