New Tricks: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 New Tricks 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 New Tricks (2003–2015): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 New boss Robert Strickland asks the team to reopen the case of David Barrie, a barrister found dead, bound and gagged, in his car in the 1980s. The case was a rare instance of officer-in-charge Ronnie Ross's not getting his man. Chief suspect Michael, now a transsexual called Michaela, had an alibi, but Michaela is involved with Elaine Wanless, a former brothel-keeper who reveals the dead man's penchant for bondage. The team is convinced that both know more about the death than they claim. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BELL TOLLING) - Shall I go ahead? - Yes, of course. BRIAN: Just like Gerry to keep us hanging about. JACK: He never was that reliable. I'm sorry. Coffins always make her cry. It's a bit flimsy looking. Plywood. Be through it in a week. (CAR APPROACHING) Where the bloody hell have you been? Don't, I've had a nightmare. It's not all over, is it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That was always my line to him. I'm sorry, everybody. It's all right, we've just been slotting in a pauper's funeral whilst we're waiting. - An hour late for your grandson's christening? - I didn't mean to. I suppose when it's your funeral, you'll be late for that as well. Do hope so. # It's all right, it's okay # Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey # It's all right, I say, it's okay # Listen to what I say # It's all right, doing fine # Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine # It's all right, I say, it's okay # We're getting to the end of the day # 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You look good in blue, don't you, son? - Gerry! - What? You're supposed to wet the baby's head, not set fire to it. That's very kind of you. Come on, everybody, drinks are on Brian. I want you at that presentation in one hour, and preferably sober. You know, it was a woman who drove me to drink in the first place. Yeah, yeah, and you forgot to write and thank her. In those dark days, one of the greatest comforts to me was the unstinting effort and dedication of the officers involved in the investigation of David's death. And as David's widow, it gives me great pleasure to present the David Barrie Award For Policing Excellence to the new Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Robert Strickland. And this initiative has been very successful, apparently? Well, we've been very fortunate. Superintendent Pullman is being unnecessarily modest. UCOS's clear-up rate is tremendous. Mr Strickland thought the rest of your team might be here. Yes. I suspect they've had trouble getting away from a prior engagement. Rossie! - Ah, memory lane! - I thought you'd been embalmed. Excuse me. I'll be right back. Oh, guvnor, guvnor! - DS Pullman. - Ronnie Ross. - "The Mountie." Living legend. - Always got his man. Oh, not quite. Case in point. BRIAN: Blimey. Course. DGB. David George Barrie. Husband, barrister. Murdered in, what, 1980? I was the governor. That's how I came to be involved in all this. I helped Yvonne set up this award. - Who's the stiff with her? - SANDRA: Our new boss. Let's go find out what he thinks of you. Seems like a nice girl. (CHUCKLING) It must be the money, then. Is it good? - Oh, yes. - Very. What, are you all paid the same? It's not based on former rank? Now! Go on. Yvonne Barrie, Deputy Assistant Commissioner Robert Strickland, Jack Halford, Brian Lane, Gerry Standing. Thanks for coming. I just wanted to say how pleased I am to be taking over at UCOS. I've been very impressed by your achievements up to now, and I'm looking forward to working with you. I think it's going to be a very exciting time. - Excuse me, Robert. - Oh, yes. Excuse me. - OFFICER: Have I told you about... - I want to have his babies. I want to congratulate you on all your success with UCOS. Your record speaks for itself, both before and since the unit was established. Thank you, sir. I know part of you is disappointed at missing out on promotion, but heading UCOS is a very good place to be right now. I assure you, I completely... Especially if you can find a way to rein in its overspend. If you and I ensure that the resources at our disposal justify themselves cost-effectively... Well, logistics dictate that things such as office equipment, petrol... I'm talking about the men. I also think it's a good idea to begin prioritising cases. Grading them according to their chances of success, their importance, impact, etcetera, rather than whether one is simply more interesting than another. Do you agree? To which end, I think you should start with this. I'm hoping for a fulfilling and productive relationship, Superintendent. Enjoy. Well? You ask him? - Who? - Jack. I asked him. Did you? Didn't wanna know. - Didn't he? - No. Well? What? How much? How much? Money! You first. Okay, if that's how you wanna play it. Aye, that's right, I talked to you earlier. Yeah. Well, my name is Brian Lane. Aye, and I need to know my exact salary, you see, so that I can put a deposit... Password? - He wants us to investigate David Barrie? - My password. Yes. Strickland sees it as the sort of case that we ought to be... - Ronnie Ross's case? - Yes. What did Strickland win the award for? Bloody cheek? - Cricket. - Cricket? He got a load of inner-city kids and made them a cricket team and took them on a nice cricketing tour to the Caribbean. Listen, listen. ''Cementing and enhancing positive ties between the separate cultures ''through the medium of sport. '' I'd like to enhance his medium. He's trying to make a point. He's just got an award from the man's widow, so now he wants to go on... - Solve the mystery of the husband's murder. - Exactly. - This is not a debate. Gerry, get on with it. - Right. You do that work on the board? Yeah. That's why I've been in all morning. - What, all of it? - Yes, all of it. - I did happen to be a copper, you know. - I still say it was a typing error. Thank you. Okay? Right. Now, at approximately 4:45 a.m. On the morning of the 5th of December, 1980, the body of David George Barrie was found slumped across the front seat of his Mercedes in the NCP car park in Brewer Street. He'd been bad... (DOOR OPENING) It's all right, carry on. Don't mind me. Right. Um... Barrie had been badly beaten. Forensics indicate that he'd been bound and gagged, and that the bindings had been removed. They think he was tied up with pink silk rope. Death was caused by internal bleeding, possibly some time after the injuries were inflicted. Sorry? When does death occur before injuries are inflicted? I.e. Death was not necessarily instantaneous. DCI Ross's investigations were quickly able to eliminate the deceased's wife as a suspect, along with his work colleagues. The main suspicion fell on a series of defendants who were found guilty at trials that Barrie was Chief Prosecuting Counsel at. Starting with Matthew Tombs, imprisoned March 1976. Released '79. Re-arrested and in police custody at the time of Barrie's death. Jake Ireland, sentenced 1979. Died in prison, June 1980. Stefano Maretti, '73? Deported to Italy on release, September 1980, so out of the country at the time. Michael Pendle, '72. Released April 1980... (GROANING) April 1980? Well, maybe that means that he was in circulation at the time of Barrie's death. When Pendle was sent down, he shouted he hoped Barrie would die ''a long, painful death''. - Lovely. - Okay. Find him. Go through witness and suspect statements and check them against the HOLMES computer and see if anyone has subsequently come up on file. Also, contact Forensics and get them to re-examine everything that's been retained. Have you got any observations you'd care to make, sir? Only that I want to stress the importance of this case. It's clear that Barrie was a decent family man dedicated to the criminal justice system. And while it's not about looking after our own, we still have a duty of care to his wife, and to the memory of a man who earned our respect and gratitude. Any questions? Will you excuse me, sir? What's that aftershave? It's cologne. It's from Barbados. Was that from your cricket tour kind of thing? The Crack Cricket Tour was an undercover operation using Black officers to ID crack cocaine dealers across the Caribbean. Never had a DAC who wore cologne before. No, it was before Area Murder Squads. Resources were at a premium. I had 30 men working non-stop for the first four weeks. But then gradually, it got cut down to, well, a couple of skeleton staff. You're saying it was a lack of manpower? I'm saying that didn't help, as I'm sure you'll find. So, being how rare it was, what else do you put down to your lack of success in this case? Ever investigated the murder of a barrister? - No. - No. I don't know anybody else who has, either. Don't mind me. I'm kidding. Of course, I worked my balls off on this case, and yes, there were several suspects, but we had no joy on any of them. The killer was either very lucky, or extraordinarily clever. Too clever for me. Anyway, I wish you luck. You'll need it. When Ross interviewed Pendle, he had him giving a ''satisfactory alibi''. It's not very specific, is it? If Ross said it was satisfactory, it was. Any joy? Pendle's last known address was in Brentford in 1980. Two months after Barrie dies, he disappears. And I mean, vanishes completely. Nothing. And nothing on the computer. We tried matching him against Inland Revenue, National Insurance, VAT, Vice, Deed Poll. Passport Office, Local Authority Council list, Voting Register, even Interpol. Nothing. Well, he can't just have evaporated, can he? What, you mean, like a drink? - What do you want? - Nice pint of bitter, please. - Tonic water? - I'll come and choose. What's to choose? How many bubbles? What can I get you? Could I have a pint of bitter, please, and... - Water, fizzy. - Coming up. Are you fully cognisant of the size of my packet? Is it big? I mean, as packets go, would you say mine was particularly... Or just... Ah, here. - Yes. - A bit of a cold fish, is Yvonne Barrie. Right. Thank you. - Found him. - Pendle? How? He did change his name, but not by deed poll. DVLA. A person may not want to be found, but they'll still want to keep their driving licence up to date. What's he called now? Michaela Pendle? JACK: You were dragged from the dock shouting threats at Barrie. Yes, well... have you any idea of the psychological and emotional turmoil a body goes through when it's subjected to that kind of hormonal barrage? - Not personally. - Volcanic. The drugs I was on, every day was a possible eruption. - Sounds to me... - You killed a man. When that happened, I was about to change sex. Less than two weeks away from my final operation. Even the judge was sympathetic. Not Barrie. Barrie said I was perverse, manipulative, sick. 1972. The jury agreed. You're on record as saying you'd kill Barrie when you got out. Michael. Not me. Because of Barrie, I spent nine extra years trapped inside a man's body. In jail. Can you imagine what my co-habitees made of that? And Barrie called me sick. You were found guilty of murder. Yes, and once was enough. I'm not sorry Barrie died. He was a despicable human being. But I didn't kill him. I couldn't. - Oh, yes? - The night Barrie died, I was in hospital. The Middlesex. Ross checked. And if it was good enough for him, you two can shove it where the sun don't shine. It's always a pleasure talking to a lady. What the hell are you doing? Don't you worry about what I'm doing. What were you saying to Sandra about me in the pub? - Sandra? - Yeah. You're bloody paranoid! Me? Do the words ''pot'', ''kettle'' and ''black'' mean anything to you? What are you doing? Let go of me! - Where'd you get the money for the christening? - Get off me! - Esther told me how much it cost! - Get off, Brian! How can you afford all that, eh? It was a 33-to-1 at the 3:30 at Thurso! Bollocks! You're a bloody liar! Jesus! Give it back! Listen, I'm getting the hump now! Give me the hanger! Morning. What are you doing? Tripped over a chair. - That one. - I've seen better fights over handbags. So, girls, shall we kiss and make up? Now, Pendle. What have you got? Hasn't put a foot wrong since he... she came out of jail. STRICKLAND: Any progress? Well, so far, our findings seem to mirror those of... No, actually, I'm hopeful that Forensics will have something for us. - They've still got quite a lot of stuff to go through. - Good. Good. - Was that wise? - Yeah. I think it's wiser than having him believe that Ross's enquiries were exhaustive. Listen, if The Mountie... Always got his man, how come he didn't get this one? Tallis! Mr Halford! It's been a very long time, sir. - I was very sad to hear about your wife. Terrible. - Thank you. Shall we go into my office? TALLIS: You're greatly missed, Mr Halford, especially on the big occasions. With the CPS, you're lucky now ever to see a real policeman. Time was a murder was something to look forward to. Now? Tawdry. - No thoughts of retiring, Tallis? - Me? - Why, how long did you stick it for? - Oh, I'm not back as a policeman. No. No, of course not. - So? - I need your memory, Tallis. I knew several of the barristers here, but I never came across David Barrie. What was he like? Busy. Always on the go. You never saw him in action? Fearsome. Rarely let one slip. A ''result brief'', I think your people called him. Police liked him a lot. - And you? - Oh, yes. He was found dead in Soho in the middle of the night. Was he the sort of brief who might have had clients, - meetings in Soho? - Oh, very possibly. Well, as I say, he was always very busy. Mr Barrie was the sort of man who was always tied up in meetings... if you know what I mean. Thank you, Tallis. You're a gentleman. Why are you doing this? - Doing what? - Persecuting me. If I was persecuting you, I'd send somebody else to do it. Michaela, what did you mean when you said that David Barrie was a ''despicable human being''? Were you speaking physically or morally? Oh, please, don't pretend you care what I think. I do. We want to know. - Did you ever work Soho? - Yes. So did Barrie, albeit a bit before your time, dear. He spent so much time kerb-crawling, his nickname was ''Sweep''. That sounds like sour grapes to me. Look, it's bad enough being tried for murder. When you know the brief who spent all day in court badmouthing you is going to spend the same evening with his mouth wrapped... - He picked up prostitutes? - So I was told. I wasn't privy to his personal penchants. How do you know he had any? How do you know anything about that world? 1972? What sort of a world do you think a transsexual was allowed to inhabit to be herself? So, in the weeks before your husband died, he seemed quite normal? - Normal? Absolutely. - Thank you. Didn't seem worried about anything? No, not at all. He was looking forward to the birth. Yeah, of course. And your relationship was good? - As per normal? - I don't know what you're trying to say. Well, we're just trying to find out whether David had anything on his mind, anything that might have affected his behaviour. Towards me? Oh, well, not only you, no, but obviously, you being pregnant... What has my pregnancy got to do with it? Well, sometimes people get depressed. I think you'll find that's usually the woman. I don't know why you're taking this line of questioning. David was happy. We both were. He said that a second child would make our lives perfect. These are delicious. (THUNDER RUMBLING) - Jack. Come in, come in, you're soaking. - No, no, no, it's just a quickie. Look, when you were working on the case, did you ever hear any rumours about Barrie? Jack, you know there are always rumours. Why? It's just I was going through the case file and I realised there was no Book 40. I always kept a personal record of my cases, and I wondered, would you mind if I took a look at yours? Not at all. I'll hunt it out and I'll drop it by tomorrow, yeah? - Cheers. - Cheers. It's all right, it's his birthday. We're having a whip-round for him. - Do you know her? - No. - Why? Do you want to? - Definitely not. Yeah, and what if I was very, very naughty? Oh. (LAUGHING) Really? And if I don't obey at all times? A cattle prod? I can't take much more of this. Go on. You love it! ''Do you need firm handling? '' Sorry, sweetheart, I've gotta go. ''Selina. Your submission is my satisfaction. '' Well, Selina's clearly a soul mate of mine, but why are you ringing her? S&M.; Isolating specialist practitioners. Not having much luck, though. None of them are old enough. Of course they're not old enough. None of this lot will have been around 20-odd years ago. And even if they were, they're not gonna talk to you. Why not? Because it requires a more delicate touch. - You mean a woman's touch. - Yes. Come on. - Oh, not again. Can I not stay here? - Definitely. Did Rossie come in with the book? Ross? He said he'd drop by, see how things were going. Keep your hands on the desk. What if I actually wanted a proper massage? - Well, you wouldn't go to a massage parlour. - Where would I go? A masseuse. - And how much would she cost? - Depends what you wanted massaging. My back. Ah. Well, that would depend how much you've got to spend. I mean, what can you afford? Oh, well, money is a bit tight at the moment. No joy? Well, couple of girls go back to the '80s, but... - What? - Well, it's just this whole network. All these women. I didn't know you worked Soho. Gerry, let's face it. What do you know about me? Okay, now what? Drive. I'll tell you when to stop. Okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Soon as we've been through it, I'll get it back to you, Ronnie. - Hey, great to see you. - And you. Yvonne. How are you? All right. I just came in to go over aspects of the original enquiry. I'll... I'll leave you to it, then. I was hoping Superintendent Pullman might be here. It's all right. Mr Lane was one of the men who came to see me. Mrs Barrie is slightly concerned at how this case is proceeding. In particular, the need to ask questions of a private nature. - We were simply trying to... I know it's difficult for you to say, but how long will it take, all of this? - Well, it's still very early days... - Maybe more important, if you don't succeed, how long before you stop? I presume there's a limited amount of time and money. It's a difficult question to answer. I understand. I think you already have. GERRY: Smell that coffee. My goodness! Chief Inspector Pullman! Superintendent. But of course. That is as it should be. A great woman. Immense. But tardy. Where have you been? Mazood, forgive me, I have neglected you. Ah, it's forgotten. - These are my colleagues. Mr Standing. - Nice to meet you. - Mr Halford. - How do you do? Now, Mazood, we're investigating a case that happened 25 years ago. So we need to speak to somebody who remembers Soho back then. But there are very few of us. As rare as rocking-horse shit. We're trying to identify some of the working girls from back then. Oh, yes. Many of them shopped here. And at that time, I had an extremely large sexual appetite and a profound and practical interest in such ladies. But to remember them? Very difficult. Well, we're actually looking for a particular type of practitioner. - Indeed? Go on. - S&M.; Oh, this is more simple. You have Miss Domina Trixie, Lady Lawdown, Queen Kong and Leather Lorna from Liverpool. Nice girl. Was there anyone a little bit more upmarket? As in, expensive? This is very specialised. Oh, yes. One very expensive indeed. - WOMAN: Hello? - Superintendent Pullman, Metropolitan Police. Bye, darling, got to go. Think I'm being raided. - Elaine Wanless? - What can I do you for? Am I right in thinking that in a former occupation you were known as, er... Tessa Thrash, queen of the lash? No gain without pain. Is this a purely professional enquiry? When did you cease to be... When we were both a lot less mature, darling. It's a young girl's game. - And since then? - I'm a presenters' agent. Ah-ha. They need rather more delicate handling, but are just as inclined to suffer. Yeah, well, I wouldn't mind suffering with their money. What was the exact nature of your former occupation? Subjection, correction, domination... - Restraint? - That as well. And how would you restrain your subjects? Handcuffs. Leather straps, belts, barbed wire, cords... Silk? To tie them up. Would you ever use silk cord or rope? Sometimes. Do you recall any of your more influential customers from back then? Oh, yes. Any members of the legal profession? They tended not to tell me what they did as real people, apart from the odd policeman. I kept a short list of those I recognised. Was he on it? Sure? - Who is he? - David George Barrie, barrister. You don't remember the case? Mm-mm. He was murdered. Found beaten to death in his car not far from here. He'd been, um, ''restrained''. Sorry. Okay. Never mind. Thanks for your help. Right. 11:00 p.m. Go. He walks quickly, but not too quickly, say, approximately 3.3 miles per hour, as he crosses Mortimer Street and continues on down Berners Street. Hello there! You all right? Now, just a minute. I know you. - I don't think so. - Aye, I know you! - You are a friend of mine. - No. Are you saying that you and me are not friends? - That we are not old pals? - No, I'm not saying that. You're too good for me. You're too big and clever to have pals like me - ever again! - No, mate. Believe me, I used to be just like you. What? Scottish? Pissed. And he crosses Oxford Street. Minor inconvenience from late-night traffic, but no particular hiatus in his onwards progress as he carries on down Wardour Street, which, although a thriving, busy thoroughfare during the day, at this time is populated only by... (MEN SHOUTING) Wankers. Brewer Street. Turn right and reach the car park. (PANTING) Seven minutes and 45 seconds. Can I help you, sir? Oh, yeah. Listen, do you think it's possible to walk here from the Middlesex Hospital, tie somebody up, beat them to death, stuff their body into a Mercedes and make it back to the Middlesex in less than 45 minutes? 65 to Control. Backup, please. Brewer Street. Over. No, no, it's safe to let him go. Yes, I agree he is a bit strange, but I don't think he was actually planning to brutally slaughter anyone. Yes. Cheers. You know, Mary, that Brian is bloody weird. Cor, squeak up. Morning, Brian. You all right? I am in exceedingly good shape. So much so that last night I walked half a mile in less than eight minutes. - Thanks for that call. - Lovely shoes. From The Middlesex Hospital to Soho. Brewer Street car park, where Barrie's body was found. Pendle. - Yeah, he was in the Middlesex, but what's... - No, no, not in, at. He wasn't a patient, he was a night porter. It's in here. So he could go from here to here and back again to the Middlesex in less than an hour. What's that? - That? - It's a Book 40. Ronnie Ross's. - Book 40? - Years ago, some officers leading a case would keep a log, a diary, and jot down things that cropped up during the course... I know what a Book 40 is. Are you telling me that Ross kept one during the original investigation? It wouldn't necessarily contain anything we don't already know. So why didn't he hand it over with the rest of his notes? - It's just a personal record... - Yeah, which he kept back until you asked for it. So, is there anything else in there that we need to know about Pendle and Barrie and Wanless? - Wanless? - Miss Whiplash. S&M.; We think she might have been Barrie's, um, private trainer, if you see what I mean. - Elaine Wanless? - Yeah. She's in Pendle's trial notes. She was his girlfriend. The first time we spoke, you were rather disingenuous about the night Barrie died. I don't know what that means. Michaela, you run a bookshop, you know exactly what it means. Listen, you told Mr Halford you were in the Middlesex Hospital the night Barrie died. What you didn't tell him was that you were working there, not a patient. I know this because DCI Ross made a special note of it. I rang the hospital to confirm. They checked their records and rang me back. Given my experience of the police, why should I tell you lot anything except the bare minimum? Yes, fair comment. Except for the fact that as a night porter you could have made it from the Middlesex to Soho and back again in less than half an hour without anyone else being any the wiser. An hour even. - And do what? - See your girlfriend. - Girlfriend? - Miss Thrash. Elaine Wanless. The bouncer you killed was Elaine Wanless's pimp. He'd roughed her up, your girlfriend. So you sought him out and beat him to death. Crime of passion. I need hardly remind you, a second conviction for murder means life without parole. I told Ross and I told you, I had nothing to do with David Barrie's death. So, have you finished? - For now. - Good. Bye-bye. Brian. SANDRA: You have a criminal record. During your time as a prostitute specialising in correction, a string of fines and convictions. For soliciting and keeping a disorderly house. Goes with the territory. We can prove that he was bound with pink silk rope, i.e., restrained before being beaten. He was found in his car less than 200 yards from your dungeon, itself not much more than an eight-minute walk from the Middlesex Hospital. What was he killed with, an A- Z? I told you, I didn't know David Barrie. He was the Prosecuting Counsel at your boyfriend, Michael Pendle's, trial. - So? - So you saw him in court. I never went to court. Michael's solicitor didn't want me there. They thought I would be unhelpful. SANDRA: When Michael got out of prison, you or he engineered it... - All right. - Hi, Ronnie, come in. ... so that Barrie became one of your clients. I haven't seen Michael in over 30 years. I haven't seen him since he went inside. You haven't got anything, have you? I know, because if you had, you wouldn't be trying to coerce me into confessing. He'd be a serving officer, this would be on tape, and you'd have cautioned, arrested and charged me. Check with the Prison Service. She never visited him once the entire nine years he was inside. I still don't see why there's no mention of Wanless in the case notes or your Book 40. Because by the time of Barrie's death, Pendle had already had the op. They weren't boyfriend and girlfriend anymore. He was a she. Okay, what about Pendle's alibi? You only wrote what it was in here, not the case notes. Night porter. Pretty solitary occupation. How could you be sure he didn't leave his shift and come back? I couldn't. But what I was sure of, there was no forensic evidence linking him to the body or the scene of the crime. But more important, the Pendle I interviewed I knew was incapable of killing another human being. How? Because he'd finally become what he wanted to be. He always wanted to be a woman. The hate had gone. Hang on, are you saying that you knew Pendle wasn't involved not because of any lack of evidence, but because of some kind of gut feeling? Based upon my experience. You're not serious? Oh, fine. So we just bow to your superior guesswork. - Intuition, not guesswork. - What's the difference? Intuition is when you get it right. Guesswork is when you get it wrong. It's 2005. The Met doesn't do intuition. So, what were you drawing upon when you interviewed Wanless? When you had no proof of her involvement in Barrie's murder? Despite what you say, everything points towards Pendle and Wanless killing Barrie. - Really? - Oh, yeah, and you know it. And for what it's worth, you're right, I do have gut feelings. And mine is you blew this case on purpose. You know, I have a funny feeling of d?j? vu. Let's see if you share it. Have you any proof? No, I thought not. Now let me tell you something. You don't know anything. When you do... give us a call. - That was not good. - That was unfair. Yeah, well, if life was fair we'd all be paid the same, wouldn't we? The Mountie didn't get his man and I'm going to find out why. JACK: Ronnie Ross. You remember Ronnie, Mary. Tough, had an edge to him. But fair, always fair. Can you see any reason why this one, of all the cases he worked on, would get away from him? Pendle and Wanless? Don't know. No, no, no, no. The sex aspect is immaterial. Love? No. It's been 35 years. Besides, he's a woman and she's an agent. It isn't an issue. Of course I still love you, Mary. Why would I stop? Oh, Mary. Mary! Hello, darling. Should get your breath back first. Bloody hell, you scared me to death. What are you doing here? - I could ask you the same question. - I tailed her, Wanless. God, you are old-fashioned. I simply rang Directory Enquiries. - You never guessed they were an item? - No, no, not guesswork. I simply deduced that we'd laboured under a false assumption. JACK: Good evening, ladies. Any chance of a cuppa? You said you hadn't seen Michael for over 30 years, but not Michaela. Very clever. - It wasn't a lie. - JACK: Not literally. What I don't understand is if you're still together why you never visited Michael all the time he was in jail? I told her not to. I made her promise. I wanted Elaine to have a life. I'd made such a mess of ours. And I knew when I got out I was going to be a woman anyway, so what was the point? And it never occurred to me for a moment that she might still love me, no matter what I was. That she might still do anything for you? Elaine didn't kill Barrie, neither of us did. Ask Ross if you don't believe us. What I want is for you to tell me exactly what you told DCI Ross about the events on the night that Barrie died. But I warn you, if you lie to me, then it really will be life. Barrie had been a client less than a month. - Then you did know him. - No! Not his real name. I swear it. I saw him five, maybe six times. He liked being hurt. Each visit his treatment got more and more severe. I was getting worried but... well, the customer is always right. And on that night? I tied him up as normal, if you know what I mean, and I used a truncheon. Anyway, the session ended, and then when he was getting dressed, he just sort of collapsed. What did you do? I went through his pockets, looking for an address or something. That's when I found out. His name meant nothing to me. Truly. I rang his wife. She didn't believe me. Slammed the phone down. I didn't know what to do. So I rang Michaela at the hospital. She came round. When I saw him I couldn't believe it. This is the man that nearly destroyed my life. And then I thought it must be fate. That he'd been put into my hands on purpose so that I could... Then I realised I couldn't kill him, that there are worse things for a man like Barrie, better things you could do. First of all, I think I'm right in saying that on the night your husband died you made a phone call just before 10:00, - and several more after midnight. - Yes. - Do you remember receiving any calls? - No. None at all? Why do you ask? Well, in 1980 it was impossible to obtain a record of calls made or received. BT didn't itemise them. I've... told you before, I rang... (LABOURED BREATHING) - You all right, Mrs Barrie? - Of course, I'm sorry. This is the actual car park space where Mrs Barrie's husband was found. You say you never received any calls? Which is odd, because we've discovered that you did receive a call that night. From a woman. You didn't believe her, what she told you. In fact, you screamed at her and slammed the phone down. And some time later, about an hour or so, you got another call, from what sounded like a man. Only this time you did believe what was said. Am I right? The caller told you that your husband had been with the woman who rang earlier. That she was a prostitute. A particular kind of prostitute. That she tied him up, gagged him and beat him. Because that's what David liked, Mrs Barrie. Am I right? I asked the caller why, why he was doing this? He said because my husband had made him suffer, that he could make him suffer by telling me. He said he was in a car in Soho. I should get there before the police did. So I got in my car. I had to take the baby. I came here. He was in the car, just as they said, slumped, conscious, just staring. I asked him if it was true about the woman, that she... what they'd said about... But he tried to pretend, tried to deny it. But I knew. I knew it was the truth. So what did you do? - Do? - To your husband. You think I killed him? No. No, that's just it, I didn't do anything. I should have... I should have helped, I should have taken him to the hospital. But I couldn't. I couldn't. I told him that I didn't ever want to see him again. I told him he would never see the children. I told him... I told him I wished he was dead. Then I left. He broke my heart. I owe you an apology. I made a judgement on you based on what I'd heard. - Intuition? - Yeah, something like that. Well, don't be too hard on yourself, you've only been in the job 17 years. - It's changed. I wouldn't know where to start. - Oh, I think you would. Can I ask you a question? When did you first realise that Yvonne was involved, that she'd already been to the car park? An hour into the investigation I went from the scene of the crime straight round to her house and when I interviewed her, she lied. - She said she hadn't been anywhere. - How'd you know she was lying? - Cat. - Cat? It was December. Freezing. And when I got to the house there was a cat asleep on the bonnet of Yvonne Barrie's car. Now, what cat goes to sleep on a car in a frost unless the engine's warm? Unless it's been driven? If I had a pound for every time he's used that one. ''Death by misadventure. '' I think that is the only logical conclusion, sir. And it's also my belief that DCI Ross originally thought the same. Unless you think there's a case for charging all three of them, Wanless, Pendle and Mrs Barrie? Thank you. Wanless didn't intend to harm Barrie, and Yvonne's own admission that her husband was still alive in the car park... Thank you. ...takes Pendle completely out of the equation. I think that the best they could have hoped for was a charge of manslaughter against Wanless. So Ross must have realised there was no point in trying to secure a conviction. This is all subjective. Your job is to review the evidence and present the findings. Excuse me, what about the Wanless client list? What client list? We couldn't refer to it in the report, but Wanless kept a list of her customers. - Seven judges, five QCs and what was it? - Four. Four senior Metropolitan Police officers all above the rank of Commander. - We didn't ask their names. - No. Nobody killed Barrie. He just liked it rough. Afternoon, sir. Thanks, guys. And you. You should have realised that Pendle was a lesbian straight off. Why? She had a cat. Oh, right! All lesbians have cats. I'll write that down. File it under ''Standing: Intuition''. - Is he paid extra for that? - No, only me. - Hold on, hold on. - Does he get more than us? No. Only God knows why not. # It's all right, it's okay # Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey # It's all right, I say, it's okay # Listen to what I say # It's all right, doing fine # Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine # It's all right, I say, it's okay # We're getting to the end of the day # High tech, low tech, take your pick # 'Cause you can't teach an old dog a brand new trick # I don't care what anybody says #At the end of the day # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 