New Tricks: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 New Tricks 
 s3e2 - Dockers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 New Tricks (2003–2015): Season 3, Episode 2 - Dockers - full transcript 
 With the recent release of Cabinet papers under the 30-year rule, Jack pushes to reopen the investigation into the death of Joe Walsh, a left-wing union leader. His body was fished out of the Thames in the mid 1970s and his death put down to suicide, but it was clear that the Cabinet wanted his antics stopped, and Jack wonders if someone might have taken those wishes a little too seriously. There were rumors that Walsh had fiddled the union books, and several of his contemporaries are convinced he was disposed of by MI5. Meanwhile, Brian decides to stop taking his medication, with expected results. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ It's all right, it's OK. Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey ♪ It's all right, it's OK ♪ Listen to what I say ♪ It's all right, doing fine ♪ Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine ♪ It's all right, it's OK ♪ We're getting to the end of the day. ♪ TV: Strike action at the London Dockyards entered its seventh week with little sign of a resolution. Union leader Joseph Walsh addressed a mass meeting. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This Government, the Government WE put into office, this Labour Government so-called, has sold us down the river. If we don't make a stand, in another ten years, there'll be no docks. If we don't fight now, all this will be sold off and built on by developers. Right - that's Canary Wharf now. 1975, a Labour Government with a majority of three. Inflation is going through the roof and Joe Walsh is leading the crane drivers in a strike that could paralyse the docks. Mr Walsh, can you comment on press reports that your union has received secret funds from the Soviet Union? No comment. And these have been diverted for your use? You what? Come here, you! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A very strong reaction, Mr Walsh. Keeping your own hours, Brian? On enquiries. Joe Walsh, isn't it? Yeah. He was a bit of a hero of mine. That explains a lot. Joe Walsh's body was recovered from the Thames on 20th May, 1975. Days after these financial rumours began to circulate. He got caught and topped himself. What's the mystery? Cabinet papers for 1975 have been released under the 30-year rule. When Harold Wilson asked for comments on the Dock Strike, the Minister for Economic Security said, and I quote, "In my opinion, "Joe Walsh is a politically motivated man, holding the country to ransom. "What's the Security Service doing? "This man needs to be brought down urgently. Do whatever it takes." I think we should reopen this case and find out if Joe Walsh committed suicide, or if they disposed of him. High-profile case, politics, security, could be a minefield. Still, you've all been round the block a few times, Tread carefully. I'll watch your back as much as I can. But don't push your luck. The body was recovered further down, but they reckoned he went in about here. Well, if MI5 knocked off stroppy trade unionists in the '70s, the mortuaries would be standing room only. They'd been told to target him. No. They targeted all sorts. I've got an old mate in the Trade Union Movement. He might be able to shed some light on things. And someone ought to be looking at the union's financial records. I'll have a go at that, I've got experience. Eh? Brian used to be a Police Federation Representative. Yeah, first sign he was going barmy. Any surviving witnesses? His daughter, Anita. Not THE Anita Walsh? The same. Yeah! You and I can go talk to her. And, Jack, someone's got to approach MI5. Thank you. Oh, these writers don't live in garrets any more, do they? The ones who write airport blockbusters don't, no. Miss Walsh? Yes? I am Detective Superintendent Pullman. This is Gerry Standing. We need to talk to you about your late father. We're reinvestigating his death. Can we come in? Yes. Thank you. TV: Technically speaking, it's a cock up. Hello? Anybody home? Can I help you? Oh, I'm looking for Frank Benson. I'm an old friend of his. My name is Halford, Jack Halford. You're Jack? Yeah, I can see now, granddad's always kept the photos. You must be Karen. Yeah, come in, I expect he's nodded off. Gramps? You've got a visitor. Well, now, Frank, it's been a while. Pisss off. He was trying to run a strike, he was being slagged off by the Government, and on top of that he was being smeared in the media for taking money from foreign governments. You don't think he did? He had his faults, but he was as straight as a telegraph pole. What did you make of the rumours? How should I know? I wasn't involved in trade union politics. You say he had his faults, what? My dad liked getting his own way, he didn't like being contradicted. I was a teenage girl. I had all the usual issues with my dad, you know - clothes, staying out late, boyfriends, smoking. The stuff everybody goes through. Only, most people get a chance to work it out. I never did. I loved him. Look, I know this must be difficult for you, but could you help us find people close to him at the time? You could try Brendan. Who's that? Brendan Dyer. He was the Deputy General Secretary. He and his wife, Rose, were very good to me. You're still in touch? Yes. This is where you'll find them. Thank you, Miss Walsh. Listen... could you sign this for me? I'm a big fan. Certainly. To Gerry, with a "G". Thank you very much. There you go. Bye-bye. My God, that looks nasty. Something from the forensic pathology lab? Medication. Look out! I can confirm that the Security Service did have a file on Joseph Walsh in 1975. Can I see it? The file was reclassified as inactive when he died, and after a suitable interval it was destroyed. Is there any record of what actions the Security Service took? No. We have no reason to assume they took any actions. A Cabinet Minister asked for action. He was asking for information. There may have been nothing to report. If you've destroyed the files, I want to talk to the officers who were involved in this matter. We're talking about 30 years ago. Anyone senior enough to be involved would be long retired, and indeed quite likely deceased. A brick wall? I hope you don't feel that we're being uncooperative. There is an independent commission to whom you can refer any complaint. How many complaints has the Commission ever upheld? I'm happy to say that we have a clean sheet. Look out, mate! You were top man in the union after Joe Walsh? Oh-ho. There was only one top man. Joe depended on you. Well, for the everyday things maybe. The old paperwork and that. No, Joe was a real leader, he could hold a mass meeting in the palm of his hands, and I'm talking hard cases, dockers. Brendan did a lot of the work and Joe got a lot of the glory. Were you involved as well, Rose? Yes, I trained as a teacher, but I became an education officer for the union. That's how we met. Brendan, you were the last person to see Joe Walsh alive. Yeah, yes, we'd spent the day with George McCready, the treasurer. Now Lord McCready? Yeah. We were going through the books cos the news had just broken about the missing funds - Joe and me wanted to check them before the committee got started, and there was something badly wrong. But Joe couldn't explain it, he was baffled. Joe was no good at figures! He got a mate to work out his darts score. Anyway, George had to go and I had an evening meeting, so we left Joe in the office. We really ought to speak to Lord McCready but unfortunately his office can't find a window for us. And he's essential to your inquiry, is he? Oh, yeah. Yes, it's all in the rulebook - rule ten, sub-paragraph seven. Yes, Brian, the gist of which is... Well, McCready and Joe Walsh were the only people in the union who had the power to authorise payments without going through the executive. Sandra could just barge in McCready's office with her warrant card. No, I'll see what I can do. Thank you, sir. WATCH ALARM SOUNDS There we are. Urgh! Carrion? I beg your pardon? The flesh of a deceased creature. I shouldn't be introducing that kind of material into my system. What? My body is a temple. I suppose I could have a go at the broccoli and tomato. This is organic? Have you been taking your pills? What? Am I not a picture of health? Your pills are not about how you look. Have you been taking them? Yes, of course. Well, you've not taken today's. That's because they have to be taken with food, they're just due now. Swallow. Oh, Brian, what's Scruffy doing here? That wasn't Scruffy. That was me. Right, progress? Well, Strickland's managed to get us in to see McCready. And I checked out Dyers' boat. Brendan paid £7,000 for it in June, 1975. A few weeks after Joe Walsh died. Serious money in those days, my first house cost less than that. Wish I could say the same about my first wife. That's way more than Brendan Dyer earned in a year. We have to find out where the money came from. How about the documents? I'm struggling with these accounts. It's complicated stuff. But I think we should discuss these trade union leaflets. Gerry, Jack and I were represented by the Police Federation in the job. Yeah, not that we had any choice. Yeah, but now we're in UCOS, we're non-unionised. So we're open to exploitation. We've no collective bargaining rights. Oh, knock it off, Brian! What about our employment protection? I mean, how do we deal with health and safety at work? Or discrimination as regards, er, gender or disabilities? Brian, we are in the middle of an inquiry here. Ethnicity, child care. It's a very good question, Brian, but I think we ought to deal with it out of the presence of management. Good point. Right, has anyone got anything to say about the case? I've been looking at the post mortem report. I thought that was straightforward, drowning? But injuries to the head and body were put down to being swept into pilings and bridges by the tide. Who did the post mortem? Dr Ludlow. Ha-ha! Handy Andy. Dr Andrew Ludlow. Struck off by the General Medical Council, 1987. Died 1998. Shit. And Walsh was cremated. OK, get another pathologist to look at the evidence. Sandra, you know that mate of mine, Frank Benson? The union guy? Yes. I think he could be useful. He's a bit reluctant to talk to me. I wondered if you'd come along. I mean, knowing Frank, with a bit of skirt... I mean, I think he'd probably be more inclined to unbutton... Would you come along with me? I'll come along. Thank you. Karen? Superintendent Pullman. I need to ask Frank some questions. Maybe he'll talk to her if he won't talk to me. It's really important, honestly. OK. Thank you. I bloody told you. Now, now, Frank, ladies present. Frank, I'm Detective Superintendent Pullman. We're reinvestigating the death of Joe Walsh. All right, but I'm not talking to him. Let's make some tea. You were his best man. How d'you fall out with Jack? Miners' strike. Orgreave, '84. I was a TUC observer on the picket line when your lot rode us down. Jack had nothing to do with Orgreave. How a man with his background could stay in the police after that. 20 years. Long time to hold a grudge. Not where I come from. So you're a lifelong trade unionist? I went down the pit first off, then I became an NUM official, and after that I got a job with the TUC. And you were involved in the dock strike in 1975? I was the liaison between the crane drivers and the TUC. But you know all this. Come on. OK. Joe Walsh, were you close to him? He could have been the greatest working-class leader since Nye Bevan. So they had to take him down. They? MI5, the State. They had us all sewn up. How did they do that? Their paid agent did it, their Judas. There was a mole right at the heart of the union, and he cooked the books and he killed Joe Walsh. So you're saying that an MI5 agent framed and murdered Joe Walsh? They tried it on Scargill in the miners' strike. They tried to fit him up for taking back-handers from Libya, but they couldn't make it stick. They didn't try to murder him. Who do you think this mole was? As God is my witness, if I knew him... Karen... Karen. Don't worry, Gramps. We'll sort it out. Let's get you to the bathroom. You'd better go. Thank you. You're doing a wonderful job. I've checked the clear-up figures - outstanding. Thank you. You were treasurer of the Crane Drivers' Union in 1975. When did you see something was wrong with the accounts? I was an elected official, responsible for taking an overview of financial matters. Day-to-day transactions were in the hands of a full-time union employee, a book-keeper. Who was that? Dear old Glenys Heyford. Served the union all her working life. An absolute treasure in many ways but if the truth be told, she wasn't really up to the job. Do you know how we could contact her? Glenys is long gone. That we're used to. Now, Glenys dealt with the day-to-day figures. Shortly before Joe Walsh died, I was working with her on a union executive meeting. We realised funds were missing. Then it was leaked to the press. By whom? We never got to the bottom of that. After Joe died, no-one had the heart to pursue it. Who knew at that point? Me, Glenys, Joe Walsh, Brendan Dyer. I suppose if Brendan knew, he might have told Rose and Anita Walsh. Why Anita? Anita used to help out in her school holidays. You don't know who leaked to the press? Any idea who took the money? All I can tell you is that Joe took the publicity terribly badly, and was found dead shortly afterwards. Well, you see, that's the whole point of free collective bargaining. Go on, mate, get yourself signed up. Join the flunkies' union. I mean, you've every right. You're only a worker in a toff's jacket. A mouthful of plums don't mean you haven't got rights. Hang on, just one second, it's here somewhere, just get the glasses on maybe. That's better. Our colleague, Brian Lane, Lord McCready. How d'you do? Now, I just want a quick word about Trade Union rights. You see, as this book clearly demonstrates - in the strike in the 1980s, the Government used security services to try to smear Arthur Scargill and the NUM. Brian, can we stick to... We see a pattern emerging. The same tactic was used against Joe Walsh and the Crane Drivers. We're supposed to be investigating... And my question is, Lord McCready, as a former officer of the Police Federation, I am well aware of the tactics used by a ruthless secret service intent on undermining quite legitimate trade union activity. Brian. What I want to know is, was I a victim of this totally unacceptable intrusion into my private life? It's an interesting question, Mr Lane, but I don't see the relevance. Ha! So my answer is, no comment. No comment. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have another appointment with the select committee. Oh, yes, wouldn't you know. No comment. No comment. I think we'll leave it there for today. I had a valid point to make. Yes, and you made it. Did I or did I not? You did. Didn't I have a valid point? Yes, and you made it! He knows as well. Hello? More questions? I hope this isn't going to take long. You said you weren't involved with your father's union work. All right. Look, I didn't want to go there. I've been through a lot dealing with what happened to my dad. So if I have to revisit the time of his death, I'd rather do it with a shrink and not a detective. No offence. None taken. I do understand what you mean, Anita. I lost my dad when I was 14 and I'm still working it out, shrink and all. Do you fancy a drink? Yeah, I think I might have gone off duty. Oh, these trips down memory lane never do me any good at all. 40 years. Old Frank wasn't a bad-looking lad in those days. And you, as Frank said in his speech, you were an English rose. Oh, I know I should have made it up with Frank years ago, and now he's hasn't got long. Oh...that picnic. He got plastered. I bet that was one lost day in his precious diary. Of course! The bugger always kept a diary. I could get used to a place like this. Yep, the truth is, I've got it all but I still keep on striving, churning out the books, sweating over the reviews, totting up the royalties. You're just like me, beavering away, waiting for a pat on the head that says, "Yep, you've done enough, Daddy's pleased." And now it's never going to come. And...it may never have, anyway. Surely he'd have been very proud of you? He'd have hated the stuff I write. My dad's idea of a good read was Jack London or Maxim Gorky. He even thought Orwell was a bourgeois sell-out. Anita, did anything in your father's behaviour suggest to you that he thought that somebody in his intimate circle was spying on him? Because at the time, there was this strong suspicion there was an MI5 mole in the union. I made the tea, I wrote slogans on placards, I wasn't in the loop, Sandra. Turn that light off! If they're out there, they'll know. What? Who'll know what? Shh! If they're out there watching, they'll know I'm sweeping the house. Sweeping it? For bugs! What? Electronic listening devices! That's ridiculous. Brian, there is nobody watching this house, and you know it. Esther, I've been a policeman and a unionist. No-one knows better than I how far these spooks will go to obtain useful information. You haven't got any useful information. What? You haven't... You have not got any useful information. You've no idea the lengths to which these people will go! Brian, that looks incredibly dangerous. You've been throwing your pills away again, haven't you? Don't be ridiculous. I found one in the plant pot. That was a slug pellet. There aren't any slugs in my house. Because they're exceedingly good pellets. Ohhh! Come back to bed, Brian. Agh! Howzat! You see, I'm a great loss to English cricket. I mean, I've got the talent but no coaching. Morning, Gerry. What did you do to your head? Nothing. I've been talking to Esther. You've been a very bad boy. Esther gets some daft ideas in her head. You haven't been taking your medicine. She doesn't understand, Gerry. I can't go on poisoning my system with chemicals. The point is, your system poisons itself if it's left on its own. Your body's churning out dodgy chemicals. You need these to level it out. I'm all right, really. No you're not, Brian. I've got to tell you, mate, you haven't been doing your job. Oh, come on! No, no, listen. This team relies on you to do the balls-aching crap, like these accounts. But you've been dodging the column! Yeah, well, it's difficult. It's impossible if you don't look after yourself properly. Now, come on, take this. Go on. Here... ..and no cheating. Open wide. No, again, come on, properly. Yeah, good boy. Now, we're gonna carry on like this and in no time at all, you'll be back to your old self. Which is quite bad enough. SIREN WAILS He was really bad this morning, so I sent for the ambulance. Let me know when I can see him. If he'll let me. Really, he'll want you to. He was so glad you got in touch. Thanks, Karen. We'll take care of it. 30th April, 1975, total cheques and cash received, £2,375.49. Hold on, hold on, look. 14th May, £2,375.49 paid into bank. There's a pattern emerging. Not to me there's not. Morning, Brian. Morning, Gerry. Morning, Sandra. Morning, Jack. Got Frank's diaries. He never used names in his diaries, only initials. JW, BD, GM, MS, GH. So, JW - Joe Walsh, BD - Brendan Dyer, GM - George McCready. What are the other initials? Er, MS. No, that doesn't ring any bells. Can you check with Dyer about that? Sure. Listen to this, it's a corker. GM - that's McCready - "Late for meeting, looking flustered, lipstick on collar. "GH arrived just after, breathless. "Halfway through meeting before she realised "she hadn't done up all her blouse buttons." That's what I call industrial action. McCready spent his whole life under the suspicion of sexual impropriety. GH, who's GH? Glynis Heyford. The book-keeper. She's all over these documents. So we've got the treasurer knocking off the book keeper and 30 years on, misrepresenting her as an incompetent. Nice man. I've got it! This is an old-fashioned fraud. It's called "teeming and lading". You take money out in cash and you make up the difference by banking part of next month's income as if it was this month's. So that's why the banking was done a fortnight after the accounts were recorded. Exactly. But you can't keep that up long, surely? If you keep taking cash out, there must be a deficit that next month's income can't cover? Sure. And if you're not going to be caught out, you need to make up the deficiency with lump-sum payments from somewhere. In this case, cheques coming in from a bank that's known to do a lot of business with the Soviet Union. So Soviet cheques were coming in and cash was surreptitiously being taken out. Joe Walsh couldn't have set this up, but he should have spotted it. No, he wasn't into figures, not a man for detail. The way things were run at the union, it had to be the treasurer and the book-keeper working together. I had a workplace liaison with an older woman. So what? Good grief, people were at it all the time. We're talking about your complicity in a fraud. When Joe Walsh was found dead, that seemed to confirm his responsibility for the financial irregularities. Nobody looked very hard at the evidence, but it is all there. See if you can get a prosecution going, then. I know what you'll get from the DPP. "Not in the public interest." You think you're fireproof. So you were the MI5 mole in the union? Joe Walsh was on the verge of bringing down a Labour Government. I did what I thought was right. Mm. You haven't suffered for it, have you, My Lord? Joe Walsh wasn't only framed, he died under suspicious circumstances. We've had a pathologist look at the reports and the photographs and she says that he could have been struck over the head before he entered the water. Now, wait a minute. Since he wasn't responsible for the fraud, he hardly had a motive for suicide. We're treating this as a murder investigation. Now, now... I cooked the books for HMG, but I didn't kill Joe. That day in the office, I went straight to a public meeting. There were witnesses, minutes taken, even, if I remember right, photographs. We'll check. If you must. But if Joe really was murdered... Well? ..I left him with Brendan Dyer the day he died. Now, there was a man with a motive. Of course I couldn't have afforded this on what I was earning. Rose's aunt in New Zealand died and she didn't have any kids so... she left Rose a tidy little sum for them days. So, that's one matter cleared up. Now, we've been going through Frank Benson's diary. Now, we've identified most of the initials, but there's one that still puzzles us - MS. MOBILE PHONE RINGS Oh, sorry about that, excuse me. MS? Yeah. "MS put his oar in, same old bull, got up JW's nose more than ever." That'll be Trotsky. Trotsky? That's what Joe called him. Mark somebody. Mark Seroyan, that's it. Seroyan? He was a student. Fancied himself as a political activist. Was always flogging newspapers down the dock gates. Then when the strike kicked off, well, it was all over us, right? So we let him do the photocopying, make the tea, because he loved it and we needed all the help we could get. I think he thought it was Act One of the Revolution. And Joe Walsh didn't like him? Nah. Joe was on strike in order to save the docks, right? The last thing he needed was some kid running around winding the lads up to make impossible demands. He would've gone ballistic if he'd known about Anita. Known what? Well, Anita and him had a bit of a do together, you know? And Joe didn't know? Like I said, there'd have been trouble if he had. Brendan, we'll have to talk to Rose. She's at home packing. I'll write the address down for you. Thanks. You'll have to be quick, we are catching the evening tide. (You hope.) McCready told Sandra that Joe Walsh and Rose were having a bit of a thing. Christ, I miss the '70s! Sandra, yeah, we've identified MS. A guy called Mark Seroyan. And we've just been told that he was having a thing with Anita Walsh. He's in for £20 million by Friday or he's out. I've got investors fighting for a piece of this stadium. They're in the office right now. Well, the ball's in his court. The Olympics are doing wonders for the East End, I believe, Mr Seroyan. Well, if you take the risks, you deserve the rewards. The revolution's been postponed, then? Capitalism IS revolution. Marx understood that. Look at the docklands 30 years ago and the docklands today. "All that is solid melts into air." "All that is holy is profaned." Communist Manifesto, 1848. But that's not what we're here about. You were involved with the Crane Drivers' Union at the time of Joe Walsh's death. That's putting it strongly. I was trying to influence the line the union took, and quite frankly, I wasn't very successful. Which is no bad thing in the light of history. We understand there was friction between you and Joe Walsh. Ha-ha! At the time, I would have called it, comradely disagreement. Anita Walsh. Ah, Anita. Hasn't that kid done well? I think she might be worth more than me. You had a relationship with her. Student holds hands with schoolgirl. Not what I'd call a relationship. Where were you the night Joe Walsh died? With Anita actually. I, er... I dragged her off to an Italian film, The Organiser. Marcello Mastroianni as a 19th-century trade unionist. We snogged in the back row. Ask her. I thought we were totally discreet. When you're playing away, someone always clocks it. So you're confirming that you had an affair with Joe Walsh? They say power's an aphrodisiac. It worked for me. Joe was a very impressive man. Did Brendan know? No. Does he know now? If it had been anyone else I would have told him, and I would have felt better in my conscience for doing so. But Brendan worshipped Joe. He loved him far more than I ever did. It would have been like taking something precious from him. Well, we're going to have to put it to Brendan now. We're looking at motives for murder. Well, I'll tell him. No, I'm sorry. That's not how it works. Brendan, this is going to be very difficult for you, but there's no way I can wrap it up. When did you find out that Rose and Joe Walsh were having an affair? You what? Rose confirmed it. No, you're lying. No, Brendan. Well, I want to talk to Rose then. Yes, I can appreciate that, but it's important that you talk to us first. This is a murder inquiry. You... You can't... You can't live with somebody for 30 years and just not know 'em. That's the question. Did you know at the time? Of course not! Or everything would have been different. Maybe everything WAS different. Maybe you've been painting a picture all these years, protecting the memory of a fallen comrade. No! Did you kill Joe Walsh? No, no, I didn't know anything about this. You two have just blown my whole world apart! In your last interview, you said that on the night Joe Walsh died, you left him in the office while you went off to a meeting. Who was that meeting with? Well, we were talking to the miners and the railwaymen's union about them coming out in sympathy. It all had to be done on the quiet, you know, because we just assumed that the union was being spied on. And can anyone you met confirm this? Yeah, um... well, er... We are talking about the leadership of these unions 30 years ago. They're all dead. Yeah. Brendan, your alibi is that you had a secret meeting with people who are no longer with us. My alibi? Mark Seroyan? Where did you drag him up from? He says you were at the pictures together on the night your father died. It's not something you're likely to forget, is it? So you can confirm that? Sure. I spent the entire evening watching heroic workers battling against the repressive state apparatus, as if I didn't get enough of that at home, whilst being groped by a spotty student who smelt of baked beans. The first in a long line of romantic disappointments. Brendan was miles away, the night Joe died. I made sure of that... because Joe and I were together. Where was this? In his office. That's where we always met. So you were together? Yes. And the doorbell rang, but we ignored it. And it kept on ringing, then there was banging on the door and it was this young lad, Mark. They used to call him Trotsky. Joe said I should go but I wanted to know what was going on, so I stayed. And Mark seemed... very scared. He wanted to talk to Joe about Anita. Apparently, they'd been having a relationship. I'm not your comrade, you pathetic little...! You're telling me you've been sniffing round my daughter? Joe was really losing it. So what did you do then? I was afraid something awful might happen. Joe had a terrible temper. Come on, you little toe rag! And I kept thinking I should do something. And then Anita suddenly turned up out of nowhere. Dad, for God's sake, you're killing him! Get off! Get him off me! And he goes down. Dad, Dad, please! I've killed him! And then, the... two of them are talking. Anita, please, leave this with me. I've killed him! Come here, just go. Go! You were never here, understand? Just go, go! Anita ran off and so did I. But you never did anything or told anyone? He was dead. What good could I have done? And think of the harm. Harm to Brendan, harm to Anita. Think about it. You should have gone to the police, Rose. Don't you think I've questioned what I did every single day of my life for the last 30 years? OK, Jack. Yeah, thanks, bye. I'm sorry, Anita, but I'm going to have to ask you to accompany us to the station. What? I'm arresting you on suspicion of murdering Joseph Walsh. You do not have to say anything... I know that by heart. I've written it enough times. You could make a macro of it. Then you'd only have to hit the one key. Let's go. A witness puts you on the quayside with Walsh, unconscious, perhaps dead. Did you put him in the river? That's not quite how it was. After Anita went, I... I threw the pipe into the river. I thought, I don't know, fingerprints, evidence, I wanted to confuse things. I needed to make it look like an accident, so I decided to pull Joe's body... into the water too. Come on, you little...! It was an accident. He lost his balance. He never came up again. Did Anita know about this? I only spoke to her the once... to make sure we were on the same page about where we were that night. I wanted to tell her what happened, try to explain, but... she was so angry with me. You didn't tell her he wasn't already dead? I couldn't. How could I tell her what I'd done? We didn't speak again. You mean I didn't kill him? No. He was alive when you left the scene. Whether the injury was ultimately the cause of death, I can't decide on that, but we'll submit a report to the Crown Prosecution Service, and then they'll decide who gets charged with what. A 30-year nightmare. First thing this morning. It's a result, but not the one I expected. Yes, well... you look after yourself, Frank. Jack... ..I never told you... how sorry I was about...Mary. Yeah, well, you don't need to. I was more than sorry, Jack. I was heartbroken. I can say it now. I was in love with her. Ever and always. Look, you don't have to... I do, I need to tell you. I tried to take her from you. Bloody hopeless. She did nothing wrong, it was all on my side. She kept it a secret because of our friendship. Not the strike, then? Nah. 20 years of having the world's happiest couple shoved in my face, I couldn't take it any more. She was... Yes. Best not leave it so long next time, eh, Jack? Best not. So, I suppose you think you're a bit of a dark horse, eh, Mary? Well, actually, I knew all along. I'm a detective, remember? You didn't deceive me. So, you've no secrets, no reason to feel guilty. You just sleep easy, eh? Good night, love. ♪ It's all right, it's OK ♪ Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey ♪ It's all right, I say it's OK ♪ Listen to what I say 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 