New Tricks: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 New Tricks 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 New Tricks (2003–2015): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 In 1992, 18-year-old Hannah Taylor was kidnapped, and now a body, once believed to be hers, is proven to be another girl's. Hannah's mother, Madeline, an ex-alcoholic G.P., is prickly but admits to paying a twenty-thousand-pound ransom delivered by an-ex cop who was, in fact, her married lover. Jack suspects that this was a scam to part Madeline's former husband from twenty thousand pounds. The mystery intensifies when Jack traces Hannah, now married, who states that she left her mother a note to say she was going to a pop festival where she met her husband. It intensifies even further on the discovery that Madeline already knew Hannah's husband. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 SANDRA: Hannah Taylor, 18. Abducted from her home on the 2nd of April, 1992. Two days later, her mother received a ransom demand for ?20,000. The ransom was paid, but Hannah wasn't returned. About three weeks later, Michelle Davis, 19. She is abducted as she returns home from a night out with friends. Neither girl's seen nor heard of again. Hannah and Michelle lived five streets apart. There's no evidence to suggest that they knew each other. But given the geography and the MO, we have to work on the basis that the perpetrator was the same. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now, the original investigation drew a blank but in 1998, forestry workers discovered a decomposed body in Epping Forest. And DNA samples on file from the original investigation showed it to be Hannah Taylor. However, last month, an inspection reveals that a technician at the lab that conducted the DNA tests wasn't following procedure. He mixed up the girls' DNA samples. The body isn't Hannah Taylor, it's Michelle Davis. Ah, the wonders of modern science. Michelle Davis's abduction is now a murder inquiry, and I'll be leading the murder squad. We have to assume that Hannah met with the same fate, so in tandem with the investigation led by DI Wilson, UCOS will be re-examining the Hannah Taylor abduction. Now, although they're separate investigations, the two teams will share any relevant information. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Maybe you'd like to share your insight with the rest of us. Uh, no, thanks, sorry. It's all right. No, please. We're all dying to know what your years of experience and razor-sharp minds have deduced. Your flies are undone. (MEN LAUGHING) # It's all right, it's okay # Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey # It's all right, I say, it's okay # Listen to what I say # It's all right, doing fine # Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine # It's all right, I say, it's okay # We're getting to the end of the day # Mature, professional, a really impressive display. Well done. - Always check your flies before a briefing. - Yeah, first rule of police work. - Especially if you're in a room full of WPCs. - Thank you. Finished? Right. I need one of you to act as a liaison officer with DI Wilson and his team. - Never been big on liaising. - If it's a liaison you're after, Gerry's your man. - Me? Work with that prat? - Nicely volunteered, Gerry. Thank you. SANDRA: Finding Hannah's body would be a good start. JACK: I'm sure they'll be very happy together. - Good morning, all. - Good morning. How was the briefing? - Yes, very revealing. - I'm sure DI Wilson valued your input. - Sandra, can I have a word? - Yeah, of course. Excuse us, then. Sorry. The misidentification of the body as Hannah Taylor. Family Liaison have informed her mother, Madeline Taylor. But the legal boys reckon it's a lawsuit waiting to happen. So far, she's been very understanding, but we need to treat Madeline Taylor... As a potential suspect? I was thinking more as a distraught parent who could take us to the cleaners. Tread carefully. I know I can trust you to do it by the book. - Of course. - Good. It looks like a perfect sailing day. Maybe I'll skive off early and take the boat out. I didn't know you had a boat. You know what they say about all work and no play, Sandy. (WHISPERING) ''Sandy''? Um... apparently I'm your liaison. SANDRA: Right. What do we know about Hannah Taylor? Well, the night she was abducted, she had been drinking in The White Horse with a friend called Suzie Blatch. At about 8:00, the barman claims she and Suzie had a row. Hannah stormed out. A neighbour saw her come home alone about 8:20, and that was the last sighting. Two days later, her mother received the ransom note. - Parent details? - Divorced. Father's a Stephen Taylor, neurosurgeon. Working in Chicago at the time of the kidnapping. Mother's Dr Madeline Taylor, GP. She was the police duty doctor at Edgware nick, '86 to '92. According to Suzie Blatch, Madeline Taylor was also an abusive alcoholic, - or in her words, ''an evil bitch''. - Sounds like a model parent. Okay. Brian, we'll start with Madeline Taylor. Jack, see if you can locate this Suzie Blatch. ''Enter victim's weight in kilograms. '' Well, Hannah was nine stone. What's nine stone in kilograms? Toby, give granddad a hand, would you? Or it's gonna be another 13 years before we solve this case. (INAUDIBLE OVER MACHINERY) Oh! Put the kettle on, Mary, love. I'm going to be joining you soon. Suzie Blatch? My name's Jack Halford. I'm from the Metropolitan Police's Unsolved Crime and Open Case initiative. What's this about? When Hannah left the pub, it was the last time I saw her. Did you see anyone follow her from the pub? Not that I noticed. At the time, the barman said that you and she seemed to be having a bit of an argument. Hannah's mum was getting worse. - Worse? - Drinking. Sometimes she used to hit Hannah. I was trying to get Hannah to report her to the police. She wouldn't? She didn't want to hear it. - Oh, bloody hell. - Will you pack that in? It's these corns. Giving me jip. - I should get Dr Taylor to have a look at them. - You even mention your feet, I'll chop 'em off. Oh, please. (CAR HORN HONKING) Dr Taylor, I'm Superintendent Sandra Pullman, and this is my colleague, Brian Lane. BRIAN: Hello. - Come through. - SANDRA: Thank you. So you're reopening the case? Well, actually, the case was never closed. We're re-examining it in light of recent developments. Recent developments? The body being wrongly identified as Hannah. - I'm sorry, that must've been terrible for you. - I'm not sure it really changes anything. We'd like to go over certain aspects of your statement again. At the time, you said that you didn't realise Hannah was missing until you received a telephone call demanding a ransom. She was 18. I'd no idea where she was from one day to the next. She was abducted from your home. There was no sign of a struggle? - Not that I noticed. - That didn't strike you as odd? What, odd that my daughter was abducted, or odd that there was no sign of a struggle? And you didn't contact the police until after you'd paid the ransom and Hannah wasn't returned? No. That's right, the kidnapper asked me not to. And I wanted Hannah back. No unidentified bodies that match Hannah Taylor. No abductions or murders with a similar MO. So tell me, what would you have done in your day? In my day, we would have beaten a confession out of whoever we fancied for it, then gone down the pub. Job done. (GERRY WHISTLING) Hannah's father put up the ransom money. - You were divorced at the time? - Yeah. Do you know where we can contact your ex-husband? He's dead. He died five years ago. Car crash. His new wife was driving. Looks like he should've stuck with me after all. And you delivered the ransom money yourself? That's right. I left it in a bin in Preston Park. Suzie Blatch, Hannah's friend, suggested you and she had a difficult relationship. I was drinking heavily at the time, if that's what you're trying to ask. How long have you been sober? I joined AA two months after Hannah was taken. I've been sober ever since. After you'd been drinking, were you ever violent towards Hannah? Did you come here just to ask me questions that you already know the answer to? What's it say in your file? There are suggestions that you physically abused Hannah. What you're really trying to ask me is whether I murdered my daughter. The answer is no. Are you following me? When someone takes off in a hurry after a visit from the police, it usually means they've got something to hide. Suzie? What is it? Hello, Hannah. God help her patients if that's her bedside manner. (MOBILE RINGING) Jack. What? Suzie claims Hannah just turned up on her doorstep about four years ago. We've got Hannah's husband, Paul Watkins, down the corridor. See what he has to say for himself. Brian, you're with me. It's like meeting a ghost. Mum was drinking more than ever. We were fighting all the time. I'd just had enough. I ran away. So you're saying you weren't kidnapped? Did you tell anyone you were going? I left a note for my mum. And what did the note say? Just that I was going, that I wouldn't be coming back, and not to look for me. Did you see any publicity about your supposed abduction at the time? I'd met up with some travellers and we hung out at all the festivals. It's not like you watch the evening news. I only found out about the kidnapping when I contacted Suzie. And yet you didn't go to the police to let them know you were alive? Well, I didn't think anyone would still be looking for me. I'd met Paul at Glastonbury. And not long after, I was pregnant with Alice. - I had a new life. - And what about your mother? My mother? Didn't you think she'd want to know you were safe? You think I wanted her back in my life? I wouldn't let her come within a million miles of my daughter. BRIAN: After you went missing, the police made an inventory of your things. You didn't take much with you when you ran away. Well, it wasn't exactly a well thought out plan. I was a mess. I wasn't thinking straight. Did you fake your own kidnapping to collect the ransom money? No. ?20,000 would've come in very handy on the festival circuit. I made and sold bead bracelets. If I'd wanted money, I'd have asked my dad for it. Did you contact your father after you ran away? I thought about it, but... he's got a new life, too. Mum drove us both away. I'm afraid I have some very bad news for you. Your father died five years ago in a car accident. I'm sorry. Come on. Ask her if she knew Michelle Davis. Why don't you just shut up and listen? You might learn something. You do realise I outrank you? You don't. I'm not in the job anymore. But when I was, we had a guvnor, DAC Bevan. He outranked me. I broke his jaw. Maybe we should wrap this up for now. But there is one more thing. When you were living at home, do you remember a girl called Michelle Davis? I don't think so. Who is she? She lived near you. She was abducted about three weeks after your disappearance, and her body was incorrectly identified as yours. You thought it was me? I'd never met her. Looks like you're on your own. You all right? - What've you been saying to her? - Paul, it's all right. - Will you tell my mum you found me? - We'll have to. - But you don't have to tell her where we are? - No, not if you don't want me to. I don't want her knowing anything about us. Do you understand? Yeah. We may have further questions, in which case we'll be in touch. Questions about what? There was a ransom demand and your father paid it. That's extortion. She isn't drinking anymore. Your mother. She stopped after you left. Dr Taylor, this is going to come as a big shock to you after everything you've been through, but this afternoon, we discovered that Hannah is still alive. No, she can't be. I questioned her earlier today. No, no. No, how can you be sure it's her? - You're absolutely sure? - Yeah, we're absolutely certain. I don't understand. How can she... How can she be alive? Hannah says that she ran away. - She was kidnapped. - She says she doesn't know anything about that. This is insane. What about the ransom demand? The money? We're still investigating the circumstances surrounding that. Where has she been? She started a new life for herself. Where? I'm afraid I can't tell you that. - Surely I've got a right to know... - I know this is very difficult... - Just tell me where she is. - I'm sorry. I can't. Ah. She doesn't want to see me. Very sorry. Is there anyone you'd like to call? I'd like you to leave now. I'm asking you to leave. Do you think she knew Hannah was alive? She's a good actress if she did. But then she'd need to be to fake her daughter's kidnapping. Come on. I'll buy you a takeaway. You wanted to see me? Superintendent Pullman, David Reynolds of the Met's legal team. - Hello. - How do you do? I'm afraid we have a problem. Madeline Taylor's suing? I'm sure I don't have to tell you this could be very damaging for our department, not to say very costly. But she's suing over the misidentification of the body? Yes, and your investigation will establish whether she has a case. - If Madeline Taylor faked Hannah's kidnapping... - We don't know that. But she's a suspect, correct? Well, yeah. Well, then we need to prove it one way or the other. And with this lawsuit hanging over us, David's to accompany you whenever you or a member of your team - speak to Madeline Taylor. - Call me. Day or night. - Is this really necessary? - It's absolutely necessary. If things go pear-shaped, heads could roll. Just make sure it's not ours. We need a result, Sandra. I think that's all. ''Oh, Gerry, nobody's ever done that to me before. '' What's that? ''Congratulations on finding Hannah Taylor. DI Wilson. '' - Denture polish? - Pile cream? Oh, magic. I've just run out. - Save a trip to the chemist. - The bleeding cheek. I haven't got a filling in me head. Look. If you had a white one, you'd have a snooker set. DI Wilson needs teaching a lesson. I am in bloody good nick, mate. Oh, yes, in your prime. Okay. Madeline Taylor's suing. So we've got to find out who faked Hannah's kidnapping and collected the ransom money. What've we got? Brian? '89 to '92, several complaints were lodged at the General Medical Council by patients of Madeline Taylor. Claims of medical negligence. Patients alleging they smelled alcohol on her breath. Nothing was ever proved. Unblemished record ever since. Maybe she used the ransom money to pay off one of her patients, stop them shopping her. There's somebody else she could've been paying off. In 1991, she was stopped for drunk driving. She gave a positive breath test. There was no mention of a conviction in the case file. Because there was no conviction. At the station, the Custody Officer gave her another test. - Suddenly Madeline is as sober as a judge. - Reading was rigged. Maybe her boyfriend had a word with the Custody Officer. I had breakfast this morning with my mate who used to work at Edgware when she was duty doctor there. Rumour has it she was shagging a married DI. Simon Webb. - Shall I have a word? - Yeah, you and Jack. Brian, go and see Hannah. Now, apart from the note, see if there's any other way that Madeline could've known that Hannah left voluntarily. (HANNAH LAUGHING) - Mum, you're such a doofus. - You're the doofus. Doofus. Hello again. Go see if your dad needs a hand. So what's a doofus, then? Oh, right. I want to talk to you about the note you left when you ran away. - What about it? - Well, your mother claims she didn't find it. Do you think she could've known you'd run away from something you took with you, something you wouldn't leave home without? Well, if she didn't notice I was missing, she's hardly going to notice that some of my stuff was gone. Is there any way she could've missed seeing the note? You mean other than her being pissed out of her head? You don't know what she was like. People like her don't deserve to have kids. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Come in. - Any chance of a quick word? - Yeah, sure. - I just want to ask your advice. - Is this about Michelle Davis? Yeah. Aren't you supposed to go to Strickland for advice? On your first murder inquiry, would you? Okay, what's the problem? Hello there. Sorry, why are you still here? I thought I might buy a plant. This is difficult enough for Hannah. She doesn't need you hanging around. No, no, no, I'll just get a plant and go. Fine. - What sort of thing were you after? - Something that's difficult to kill. Is it true what they say about talking to plants? Probably better for the person doing the talking than the plant. - Hannah says you met at Glastonbury. - Yeah, that's right. - So what, that must have been '92? - Yeah. '92. Who was playing that year? Loads of people. I don't know, long time ago. Last gig I went to must've been '68. Tom Jones. Swansea. Knickers everywhere. If you're after difficult to kill, then a cactus is probably a good bet. So who wants to come home with me, then? Once you lose the link to Hannah Taylor, Michelle Davis's stepfather comes into the frame as a potential killer. But he's got an alibi. Sarah Davis, Michelle's mum, claims he didn't leave the house the night Michelle disappeared. I don't know. Maybe there's something I'm missing. Let me have a look at the transcripts of the interview with Michelle's mother. Whoa! Now that's what I call a wok burner. You ought to get something like this for your place. What'd you want to do? Cremate me? (CHUCKLING) Gerry Standing. - Long time, eh? - Yes. Simon Webb, Jack Halford. - Jack. - How are you? So, you in the market, are you? Probably do you a very nice discount. Just look at this. Self-closing. German craftsmanship. Is there anything the Germans don't do better than us? Comedy. So, what can I do for you gents? Madeline Taylor. Duty doctor up at Edgware when you were stationed there. Rings a bell. Rings a bell. So it should, seeing as you were shagging her. Look, whatever this is about, - I want to keep my wife out of it. - I'll bet you do. Do you remember Hannah, Madeline's daughter, abducted in '92? Mm-hm. She's alive. - You're kidding. - No. Says she just ran away. Did a disappearing act. We think Madeline Taylor may have faked Hannah's kidnapping to extort money from Hannah's father. No. No way. No. Gerry, trust me, you're barking up the wrong tree. Well, give us a reason to trust you. Well, I expect Madeline will tell you so... I know she paid the ransom... because I delivered it for her. Without making it official? GERRY: You prat. Come on, get your coat. We're going for a nice walk in the park. Well, I was drinking too much, working too hard. So was Madeline. And it just sort of happened. Oh, Christ, you know what it's like. And then when Hannah got snatched, well... Madeline, she... she didn't have anybody else, so... well, I stayed with her until I thought that she could cope on her own and then I got out. This is it. The 20 grand was in a carrier bag. Just shoved the whole thing down to the bottom and I walked away. Did you see anyone hanging around? This is a public park. There are lots of people hanging around. You were a copper. You wouldn't just walk away. - It's what Madeline wanted. - Maybe you and Madeline were in on it together. Give me a break. Did you get her off the drink driving charge as well? I don't know what you're talking about. All I know is I put the money in this bin. The next day, when Hannah wasn't returned, I came back, the money was gone. I thought... Hannah was dead. Well, you were wrong, weren't you? I hope you're good at selling kitchens because you were a bloody lousy copper. Come on, Gerry. So do you think that Simon Webb and Madeline Taylor faked the kidnapping together? He's lying about something. But why did she tell us that she delivered the ransom money? Well, maybe she feels she still owes him for fixing that breath test. SANDRA: He is still breathing, isn't he? Where did you meet your Mary? Brighton Pier, 5th of August, 1961. She wore a pink dress. Matched the candyfloss I bought her. You remember the details, then? Like it was yesterday. How about you and Esther? 27th of October, 1965. Finsbury Park Library. I saw her trying to sneak a copy of Lady Chatterley's Lover into her handbag. I pointed out that this was technically theft, but I promised to let her off if she came for a coffee. Very smooth. Any particular reason you ask? Thinking. Oi! Come on, everyone. You've got to see this! - Is this what we had to see? A car being towed? - Yep. - Why, whose is it? - Wait and see. Any minute now. - Good night. - Night. Good night. Hey, that's my car. Stop! Hey! Stop! I'm a police officer! Bye-bye! Gerry, you really do need to get out more. Oh, come on, where's your sense of humour? Gerry. It's here somewhere. It's all about making connections. I've seen you somewhere before. Bingo! See? Told you. Morning. - Where are you off to? - Doctor's. I suppose you think that was funny? - Have you got any idea what he's talking about? - He had my car towed. Don't involve me in your pissing contest. - How did you get on with Michelle Davis's mother? - Yeah, I'm seeing her later. Okay, just remember what I said, yeah? Mummy holding your hand, is she? Gerry, heel! (GROANING) Hi. I'd like to make an appointment to see Dr Taylor, please. - Your name? - Paul. Paul Watkins. Are you registered with us? I thought so. When was the last time you saw Dr Taylor? Oh, it's been a while. 1991. Strong immune system. It's in the genes. I'll see if we've got your notes. See how you get on with that. Let us know if you have any problems. - Okay. - Bye. Here we go. Watkins, Paul. I'm afraid you'll have to re-register. If you could just fill these in. Do you know what? It's the strangest thing. I suddenly feel better. - Are you sure? - Yeah, I feel fantastic. Well, see you in another 14 years, then. Ta-ra. Gotcha. Glastonbury Festival, 1992. It's where Hannah and Paul say they met. Yet Paul couldn't remember a single band that played that year. - Stoned. - Yeah, probably was, but I still don't buy it. I did a background check on Paul. What's the one thing you don't do when you're on the festival circuit? Wash. File a tax return. Yet according to the Inland Revenue, when Paul and Hannah reckon they were chilling out in some field, he was working as a landscape gardener in Bristol. - The man believed in paying his taxes. - They gave me his previous address. 10 Rathwell Street. Less than five minutes' walk from Madeline Taylor's surgery, where Paul was registered as a patient. - He knew Hannah's mum? - She was his doctor. There's more. 10 Rathwell Street. I recognised the address. It's the same as Alice Simmons, one of the patients who lodged a complaint with the General Medical Council about Madeline Taylor. - So who's this Alice Simmons to Paul Watkins? - His foster mother. She's named as Paul's legal guardian on his medical record. She died in '91. Cancer. Alice. They named their daughter after her. Did Hannah know Paul before she ran away? Well, there's only one way to find out. How did you get access to Paul's medical records without a warrant? I was hoping you weren't going to ask me that. I just want one case, one case where we do things by the book. Is that really too much to ask? Glastonbury Festival, 1992... where you met your husband. That's right. Amazing coincidence, seeing as how your mother was his doctor. You knew Paul before you disappeared, didn't you? We think you faked the kidnapping together and took the 20,000. - Why are you doing this? - Where's Paul? What's going on? Where are you taking her? They think we faked the kidnapping. - She didn't do it. - Paul. - Let her go. - They can't prove anything. What are you saying? I abducted Hannah. Okay? I made the ransom demand. He's lying. Look, I won't let you take the blame for something you didn't do. Don't listen to him, he's trying to protect me. - Jack. - Leave her! I want to make a confession. The General Medical Council knew Madeline Taylor was drinking. They did sod all. If she'd have done her job, if she had been sober, they could have caught the cancer in time. My mum could still be alive today. So the reason you kidnapped Hannah was for revenge? No, it wasn't like that. I mean, I didn't plan it. Okay. Tell us how it was. About seven months after Mum died, I see Madeline Taylor in a pub, getting pissed with some of your lot. - BRIAN: Our lot? - Police. I overheard them celebrating solving some case. The police are buying her drinks. She should've been in prison. Did you speak to her? The next day... I couldn't stop thinking about her, what she'd done. I knew where she lived. - I went round there to confront her. - She wasn't there... - but Hannah was. - Yeah. I didn't mean to take her. I barely remember doing it. As soon as I got Hannah back to my place, I realised what I'd done. I would never have hurt her. I'll testify. I'll say he didn't do it. Perjury's a serious offence. Think about your daughter. Who do you think we've always thought of? How do I explain this to her? How me and her dad met? Why her dad's in prison? Coffee? If taking Hannah was such a big mistake, why didn't you let her go? I wanted to, but I knew she'd be straight to the police. I was out of me mind. I came up with this crazy plan. Get some ransom money, leave the country. I didn't even have a passport. Hannah must've been terrified. Yeah, of course, at first. But she could see I was as scared as she was. We started talking... we never stopped. I'd never met anyone like her. After a few days, I offered to let her go and hand myself in. Hannah didn't want me to. She hated her mum as much as I did. She wanted me to have the money, escape. She was free to go, but she stayed. Hannah stayed willingly? Every time I went out to get some food, I thought she'd leave. She was always there when I got back. We fell for each other. She didn't want to go home. We knew I'd go to prison. We left. Together. And once we'd gone... we stayed gone. You left after you collected the money? No, we didn't collect the money. We were sure the police would be watching it. We were too scared. We didn't take the money. Hannah didn't do anything. Please. We've got a daughter. We just want to be left alone. Doesn't feel like much of a breakthrough. - Housekeeping, Gerry? - Yeah, I dropped my teacup. JACK: Thank you very much. That was the conveyancing solicitor who sold Webb his kitchen showroom. Webb paid a deposit of ?20,000 in cash. - There's your ransom money. - SANDRA: We'll struggle to prove it. So Madeline Taylor and Webb go scot-free and poor little Paul gets banged up? He kidnapped Hannah! Fell in love. Got married. Raised a daughter. Paid his taxes. We don't get to pick and choose. We did our job. Some job. Yeah, well, it's not up for debate. We do it by the book. And tomorrow, I've got to present Strickland with what we've got. And because of us, Madeline Taylor is in line for a hefty compensation payout from the Met. Oh, Strickland's going to love us for that. No, he can't blame us. Can he? I don't know about anyone else, but I need a drink. - Yeah, I'm up for that. - JACK: Good idea. - SANDRA: Coming, Brian? - Can't. - Hey? - I'm off to witness another glorious victory by the heroic gladiators of the mighty AFC Wimbledon. # AFC Wimbledon, AFC Wimbledon # AFC Wimbledon, AFC Wimbledon # It might be best if you don't mention I'm from the Met's legal team. And certainly don't mention the lawsuit. Don't worry. I'll pretend you don't even exist. - WOMAN: And thank you very much, Dr Taylor. - Don't you dare worry. And you come and see me in about a week's time. He's sound asleep. Look at him. Hannah and Paul knew he'd go to prison, so they decided to disappear together. Do you remember Paul? No. What about his foster mother, Alice Simmons? Paul believed that there could've been mistakes in her treatment. - He felt you may have been... - Would you excuse me, please? (CLEARING THROAT) This is ridiculous. Superintendent? You shouldn't talk to her alone. Deputy Assistant Commissioner Strickland gave clear orders. Did those orders preclude me from going to the toilet? - Well, no, but... - Unless you want to come in and take notes... You all right? It's all my fault, isn't it? Everything that's happened, it's all down to me. I was terrified that the kidnapping had something to do with a patient. Some job that I'd screwed up because of the drink. That's why I paid. I thought I could make it go away. I was stupid. Did Simon Webb... help you to fix your positive breath test? Yeah. I thought I'd be struck off. It would've been better for everyone if I had been. We think Webb took the ransom money. Hannah and Paul say they never collected it. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Superintendent Pullman, I really must insist you stop this. What's his problem? It's your lawsuit. You've got them worried. Oh, I hope I haven't got you into trouble. I really didn't mean to do that. No, I'm fine. Well, when you said that Hannah didn't want to see me... For your own daughter to hate you that much after so much time... I was looking for someone to blame. I'm not going to press charges against Paul. Well, I'm afraid it doesn't quite work like that. He's broken the law. There must be something I can do. - Please, will you help me? - I can't. I'm sorry. Oh, shut up. - What's happened to Gerry's desk? - DI Wilson cut it in half. - And where's Gerry? - Welding Wilson's locker shut. I'm beginning to think those two have got a little thing for each other. (SIGHING) What's this? I'm trying to find a way to prove that Webb took that ransom money but I think I'm fighting a losing battle. You know, sometimes this job really sucks. As opposed to being a sewerage worker or a bomb disposal expert? Truth is, the job is what you make it. - Superintendent Pullman? - Yeah? I think you should see this. Michelle Davis's stepfather. He's just confessed to her murder. Michelle's mother? Well, she admitted she woke up the night Michelle disappeared, and her husband wasn't in bed. - He convinced her he was out looking for Michelle. - She convinced herself it was true. - Congratulations. - Well, thanks for the advice. Your collar. And by the way, it turns out Michelle's stepfather read about Hannah Taylor at the time. He lied about receiving a ransom demand to make us think there was a connection. Then I suppose there was, in a way. Hi. Dr Taylor, please. ?9,000. You could buy two of those and still have a couple of grand left over. - You've lost me. - The ransom money. You're not starting all that again, are you? Look, if you think I took it, prove it. Ow! - Why? - You're breaking my hand! It was for my wife. The job was destroying the marriage. - I had to get out. - You could've quit. I had nothing. No. Not good enough. Self-closing drawers. German. Oh, right. Well, if you'll just take a seat, we'll see what we can do. - Okay, thank you. - All right. I'm here to see Superintendent Pullman. I understand you wish to retract the statement you made in 1992 concerning your daughter's kidnapping. Would you give this to Hannah for me? And... tell them I'm... I'm sorry about everything. And thank you. I didn't do anything. So, let me get this straight. Paul Watkins says that he kidnapped Hannah Taylor, demanded a ransom, but didn't collect it. Hannah Taylor says that she wasn't kidnapped, she simply ran away. Former DI Simon Webb says that he delivered the ransom payment but Madeline Taylor now claims that despite her original statement, there was no ransom demand or payment. Yeah. We were supposed to be tying up loose ends, not finding new ones. But there is some good news. Oh please, please, I'd love to hear it. Madeline Taylor has agreed to drop her lawsuit. - Her lawyer will contact you in the morning. - Now, that is good news. Christ knows what the CPS will make of this little lot. So in view of this, there are insufficient grounds for prosecution and that's the matter closed. - So what happens now? - Nothing. That's it. Oh, your mother asked me to give you this. What's in it? I think you should read it. Madeline Taylor says Hannah wasn't kidnapped? When did this happen? While you were bonding at mighty Wimbledon. - Sandra doesn't exactly push her, does she? - She rigged it. Sandra Pullman? No way. I know a rigged statement when I see one. It's one of his few areas of expertise. - Here, maybe we're rubbing off on her. - In your dreams, Gerry. That's funny you should say that. So, what's the verdict? There's not enough evidence to prosecute Paul Watkins so the case is closed. Hey, hey! I'll get 'em in. You've done good, girl. I don't suppose there's any chance of you telling Strickland - that our boss helped you out? - And why would I want to do something like that? - Yeah, I'm sure you'll go far. - Yeah, I intend to. - Can I set up a tab? - BARTENDER: Yeah, no problem. - Cheers. - It'll be here by the till, sir. Look, what do you say we call a truce, eh? No more practical jokes? Yeah, all right. That locker... very funny. - Yeah, I thought so. - Yeah, me, too. It wasn't my locker. - What can I get you? - Oh, a glass of... Cheers. No... a bottle of dry white wine, two treble malt whiskeys with lots of ice, a pint of mineral water and give us four of those big cigars, and bung in some crisps and nuts and stuff. I've got a card behind the bar. Wilson. Do you want any cash back? Yeah, give us 50 quid. # It's all right, it's okay # Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey # It's all right, I say, it's okay # Listen to what I say # It's all right, doing fine # Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine # It's all right, I say, it's okay # We're getting to the end of the day # High tech, low tech, take your pick # 'Cause you can't teach an old dog a brand new trick # I don't care what anybody says #At the end of the day # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 