New Tricks: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 New Tricks 
 s3e7 - Ice Cream Wars - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 New Tricks (2003–2015): Season 3, Episode 7 - Ice Cream Wars - full transcript 
 The team are on the case of the ice cream bandit, an armed robber whose targets were the ice cream vans of two feuding ice cream manufacturers in the mid 1990s. The battle between the two ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There you go! Oh, dear, oh dear! We walked all this way for this? It's closing down, it's my last chance. Can I borrow your glasses, Gerry? Yeah. Go on, it won't bite! Are you sure about that? Jack, come on! You're a man of the world! It doesn't look like this is OF this world. No thank you! I don't eat food that wobbles. Don't know what you're missing! Mmmm... The true taste of old London! You know, the one being wiped out by Ken and his cronies. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I mean, hundreds of years of history and tradition... Oh, shut up! Look, I'm eating it. Ooooh! Pooh, Ernie! MUFFLED GROWL I've come all this way and still haven't had anything to eat. It's your own fault. I'm having an ice cream, and Gerry's paying for it! What a good idea! What can I get you? I'll have a 99, I think. Excuse me, don't bother with him. Want a real ice cream? Over here! Shut it, Gennaro. This is my pitch! Do you want to see my licence? Shut your mouth! You stole that permit. Oi, no need for a ruck. I'll get two off him and two from you, and then everybody will be happy. Figlio di puttana! What did you say? Figlio...di...puttana! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oi! Come on! Police! Come on, then! Right! Unless you're getting me a 99, I suggest you stay put. ♪ It's all right, it's OK ♪ Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey ♪ It's all right, I say it's OK. ♪ Listen to what I say! ♪ It's all right, doing fine ♪ Doesn't really matter ♪ If the sun don't shine ♪ It's all right, I say, it's OK ♪ We're getting to the end of the day. ♪ Mr Halford. Oh, come in, Jack. This is Terence Hammond. How d'you do? Special Portfolio for Tourism. Terry and I go way back. Take a seat. Thank you. I understand you were there yesterday when DS Pullman arrested Rocco Gennaro and Andy Benton? Yes, that's right. It seems there's some history behind that brawl. The Gennaro family have been serving ice cream in London since the '50s. The Bentons came on the scene in the early '90s. And they became instant rivals. What you saw yesterday was the tip of the iceberg. Lucky we were there. It could've turned pretty nasty. Oh, believe me, this is a dirty little feud. With its own police file. Public nuisance, harassment, criminal damage... It started in '93 with a few petty incidents. Slashed tyres, that kind of thing. Throughout '95 there was an escalation... Assault, ABH, GBH... Take a look at '96. Armed robbery? '96 was the summer of the ice-cream bandit. Ice-cream vans were being held up all across London, and each family accused the other. It looked as if it was going to go on for ever, until Andy Benton was shot. Shot? Mmm. Stomach wound. We had to wait for three weeks before we getting a statement from him. The bullet nicked the bowel. He was touch and go for a while. Our concern is that yesterday's fight signals a new round of hostilities, and all in front of our precious tourists. Not an image we wish to portray of London. Yes, I can see that. But what's that got to do with me? We want you to chair a meeting - a summit - between both families. Well, if you think it'll do any good... We need a calming, authoritative, neutral voice in the mix. And if what my friend Bob says about you is true, you're the man. And you said yes?! They need me! They value my experience and wisdom, my seniority. You mean your advancing years. This is serious! People's livelihoods are at stake. If these companies can't sort out their differences, they could go out of business. You getting paid? I told you, I'm doing this for the greater good. Huh! They saw you coming, mate! The Mayor's office are getting you to do their dirty work and not paying you?! That's not very wise. Lumbered! Not all of us do everything for personal gain! It's typical of your... You were going to say my generation, weren't you?! Now that shows your age! Coffee? Yes, please. That's Alzheimer's. This is Matthew Benton. How d'you do? Andy... Andy, yes, we've already met. Where's the Gennaro contingent? Don't worry, they'll be here. Any opportunity for a slagging match. I'm hoping it won't descend into that. Oh - they've given him a gavel(!) He'll like that. AGED VOICE: O-Order...order(!) ..have told them their side of the story by now. They won't start without us. Look here it is, through here. I see you've started without us! Not at all. We've been waiting for you. Please, please sit down, Mr Gennaro. Now, my name is Halford, Jack Halford, and I shall be chairing this meeting. And let me assure you, I intend to be completely neutral throughout. Let's have no inflammatory language or wild accusations... Why? What have they told you? Nothing. We'll leave the lies to you. Now this is the sort of thing I'm talking about. Please. Now, why don't we just let Mr Gennaro speak, and then you can have your say? Hmm? Mr Gennaro? The Bentons are scum! End of statement. That's not being very constructive. It's all you'll get from him. I tried to talk sense to him. You call threatening to drive me out of business "talking sense"? It's called competition. It's called being a dirty, cheating bastard! Now, please! Any more outbursts like that and I shall close this meeting and leave you to the mercies of these gentlemen. Now, perhaps we should discuss the current position of the families. Oh, yes. Just sweep away the past as if it never happened(!) They're very good at that. Look, I'm sure we can reach a happy solution if we can only just sit... Sit down and talk? Exactly. It's not gonna work, is it? We're not meant to get along. Not while you refuse to care about anyone but yourself! I should've known you'd come with a closed mind. I came to get the solution to my business problem. YOU robbed my vans - at gunpoint! I took a bloody bullet! How's the trigger-finger, Rocco, eh? Vai a morire ammazzato! EVERYONE YELLS AT ONCE That's enough! Please! That's enough! Gentlemen, please! This is getting us nowhere. I couldn't agree more. Perhaps we should break for... (For what? A fist-fight? A shootout in the lobby? (I don't think so.) As of this very moment, both of your licences to trade are being reviewed. Now, it is down to the appropriate local authority to decide whether to renew or withdraw. I believe it would be almost impossible for either of you to trade without the licences... Now you're threatening to put them out of business? However, I would point out that a call from the Mayor's office is usually taken very seriously. Do you even know the meaning of the word "negotiation"? I much prefer the word "ultimatum". That's constructive language. ..Jenny? ..The ice-cream bandit pulled off ten ice-cream van robberies throughout the summer of '96. "The ice-cream bandit!" The Cornetto Kid! The 99 Gang. The original investigation had nightmares because at first they all seemed fairly random. Well, there's barely any physical evidence. No witnesses even got the motorbike number. There were witnesses? Yes. Mr and Mrs Lau from Kyoto, Mr Alois Brantner from Vienna... Miss Jolene Cline from Memphis. They were all tourists. I don't see the Met funding a full re-interview. Anyway, no-one gave a description beyond, "He wore a helmet." Except Andy Benton, who produced this Identikit. E-fit! I suppose you DO remember people who shot at you. Yes, he was on his back for three weeks. They recovered the bullet. I think there's a ballistics report in there somewhere. Any other suspects? Rocco Gennaro came under suspicion. He doesn't look much like the E-fit, does he? No, but the first few vans robbed were all Benton's. Plus, he's a biker. So you had to carve a niche for the new product. Does that include doing away with the competition? No, look, I don't deny that we came into the market fast and strong. The Gennaros said it was sabotage. I think you'll find that's THEIR style. The only weapon I use is sound business practice. What about Andy? We were there when he was arrested. Well, you can't blame him for having strong feelings. He did get shot. I can't say I have neutral feelings either. The last thing you expect to hear is your brother's been shot. It must have been hard. We nearly lost him. Took months to recover. You can forgive him having a hot head. So is the hot head the reason you're MD? Andy is your older brother, isn't he? Yeah. I graduated in Business. Andy had other plans. At the end of the day, I wanted it more. So, he ends up with an ice-cream van and you've got a nice big office. Yeah. There's no problem between us. He runs his own department, he enjoys his rounds, he clocks off at five and goes home to his girlfriend. What about you? I've put everything into this place. If Hammond closes us down, it'll all be for nothing. So what exactly is in this? ..Eggs, sugar, cream, real vanilla. You need nothing else. This is why we did not make ice cream in this country until the '50s. Rationing. Mmm. Times were hard. People like the Bentons have no idea how lucky they are. They think everything modern is right, is good. That's why they thought they could just breeze in and take the sites we have sold ice cream from for over 40 years. So, you decided to teach them a good old-fashioned lesson? But I was protecting my livelihood. I admit that at times things got a little out of hand. Such as the meeting yesterday. And for that, I am truly sorry. But this is all I have to pass to my grandchildren. If Terence Hammond closes us down, all that I have worked for all my life will be lost. These are the stabilisers - guar gum, locust-bean gum. The sweeteners - sugar, glucose... Anything actually from a cow? Yeah, reconstituted skimmed milk and whey solids. Yummy(!) What do you use rock salt for? They put it in the machines as a freezing agent. Did you lose much in the robberies? Oh, yeah, plenty. There was over £3,000 in one of those vans. It was a good summer, especially with Euro '96 and Party In The Park and other major events. The year ended OK? You didn't have a problem with your licence? We did nothing wrong. The licensing reflected that. It was a travesty. I had a stroke in '96. The stress, the worry, it was all too much. I'm sorry to hear that. The Bentons weren't. That's what they wanted, me brought on my knees. That's why they sent their bandit to do his worst. The bandit worked for the Gennaros. It was just their style, intimidation tactics, but it backfired on them. You sound pretty sure about that. Silvio goes on about his years of experience in the business and they showed when he sent Rocco to rob us. We were hit on the most profitable days of the year, not just the hot days, but the bank holiday Mondays, after major sporting events - the big London days out. Oh, a development lab. Have you got some new flavours on the go, then? It's Andy's department. I dunno. It's a very impressive set-up you've got here, Mr Benton. We're getting there slowly but surely. It's fantastic. Hello... RAISED VOICES What's going? You're making it worse! How? They're putting us out of business - bastardi! No! You really don't want to do that, son! Do you want another night in the nick? I can't believe this. You're helping them! You're helping them put us out of business. You don't know what they've done! That's what we're here to find out. We're your best bet. You're not doing yourself any favours. He's right. Listen to her, she's got brains. Neither of 'em got their fair share. That's enough, Andy. I don't need you to defend me. He was at the Tower yesterday. And today I find him in my pitch outside Tate Modern. He's deliberately provoking me! Now you're playing into his hands. Look, just go somewhere and calm down. I think that's a very good idea. Can we leave it there, lads? Just get them out of my sight. Had enough of their silly games anyway. It's not a game! Listen, you quit while you're ahead! Get her out of here, will you? You're very lucky. He could've pressed charges. Yeah, with us as witnesses. Can I have my bat back? No, you can't. Gobby little sod! You know, no-one knows half of what Andy Benton gets up to. You try taking a look at where his vans really go. Try taking a look. Should have got the uniform lads in, you know. Didn't do any damage. And the other lot just want him off the premises. Matthew Benton's life starts and ends with that factory. No friends, no bird. All he's interested in is money. Nothing wrong with that. Well, no, but that depends how far you're prepared to go to get it. Look, they started that business up from scratch, which takes balls. Big enough balls maybe to wipe out whoever's in their way. The Gennaros were certainly in the way, especially when the licences were handed out. Maybe the bandit was a smear campaign on behalf of the Bentons. No, Matthew Benton is a businessman, he's a rationalist. He wouldn't risk everything to set up the Gennaros and only cock it up. As soon as Rocco was behind bars, the bandit conveniently presented him with an alibi by robbing a Gennaro van. And Andy Benton was the one who got shot. Well, maybe the Benton robberies were done by a copycat. The Gennaro family were on the back foot. The robberies were their chance of gaining the upper hand. Remember what Silvio said, Jack? "The Gennaros like-a doin' things the old-a-fashioned way!" Where did he come from? MUFFLED SNORT I'm sorry I'm a bit late. That's all right, I'm used to it. Want a glass of wine? Yeah, that sounds nice. So, why have you called this meeting? Not that it's not lovely to see you, of course! Cheers. Cheers. It's Caitlin. I want you to have a word. About what? About her addiction to her duvet! Look, I know we agreed on her taking a year out before she went to university, but the idea was for her to get a job! Well, she's probably considering her options. Well, she's going to have to find somewhere else to consider them. I am sick of her being under my feet. I've told her unless she bucks up her ideas, I'm sending her to live with you. Whoa! Hang on, hang on! Well, she is Daddy's little girl. Yeah, I'll talk to her. Go on, then! What, now? Your mum wants me to have a word. Hello? Excuse me? Your dad's talking. God, don't you get scared? Of what? Catching swine fever. It's like a bleeding pigsty in here. LOUD SIGH What d'you want? To talk about your future. What about it? Well, at the moment, you haven't got one. What's that supposed to mean? It means you've had your year out, now it's time to get off your arse and do some graft. So I'm taking you in hand. First things - university. I don't know how you've got the nerve telling me what to do! You haven't got the first idea about my life, the pressures I'm under! Pressure? Give me a break! The decisions you're asking me to make could affect me for the rest of my life. But you can't put them off indefinitely! I don't want you to make the mistakes I made. Neither do I, believe me. What do you mean by that? Nothing. I did all right. Got a good job, a bit of self respect. Three failed marriages. And three ex-wives who are now my friends. A gorgeous grandson. Two beautiful daughters and an ungrateful little cow, but let's forget her for a minute. So, I don't need to go to university. How d'you make that out? You didn't go and you've done all right. Might as well put the money to better use. Now, what I really need is a car. Morning. Morning. Morning, Sandra. Ooh, work of art. Very nice, Jack. Thank you. I still have my uses! What's it mean? Well, it's the dates of the robberies, the location of the van and the amount taken. Morning, all. Morning. Gerry. Look what Jack's done. Very pretty. Oh, yeah, smashing! Um...are you sure you got these dates right? Why wouldn't I? Third of July, Wimbledon? The Bentons are lying. "Third of July, Wimbledon. The bandit stopped Andy on the way back from Wimbledon "and grabbed nearly £2,000." Rubbish. There is no way he could have sold two grand's worth of ice-cream on that particular day. Well, no - you eat strawberries and cream at Wimbledon. Not just that. On the third of July, Cliff Richard entertained the Centre Court because it was pissing down! Are you sure? Yeah, he's right. Most of the top seeds went out. I knew that! Sampras was knocked out by Krajicek... That's right. ..who went on to win. Sampras lost his concentration because of that muppet Cliff! So...what are you saying? Well, we've caught the Bentons in a lie. Makes you wonder how many other fibs they're telling. PHONE RINGS Most of Rocco's alibis check. He must've been at home watching TV, cos Italy was playing Euro '96 fixtures. No good Italian boy's gonna miss that! Very good thinking, Gerry, but I'm not sure where it gets us. Well, Rocco said we ought to take a butcher's at where the Bentons' vans really go. Sandra, fancy a trip out? Ballistics have called about the gun. OK. Ta-ra. I knew that! All these weapons have been recovered from armed robberies. May I? Please. BACKGROUND: REGULAR, MUFFLED GUNSHOTS A while since I've seen one of those. No need to be armed in the Ovaltine Unit then, eh? Well, we have our moments, don't we? Certainly do. Anyway, the ballistics report from our crime determined that the gun used was a small calibre. Yes, I looked at the details you sent through. From eye-witness descriptions, I think the bandit was carrying a competition pistol. Something...like this. Not the usual choice for an armed robber, is it? Want to try it? Go on, spoil yourself. Where the bloody hell d'you think you're going...? Not bad. Nice gun. You can keep your Glocks and Walthers. I'd always buy Italian. Italian? They're brilliant gunsmiths. Berreta, Parazzi, Gennaro... Gennaro? Who are you going to sell ice cream to at this time of day? Huh. Now you're going to get mugged! The family business has never been a secret. The Gennaros made the finest guns in Europe. Accurate, light in the hand... Then you made ice cream. Also the finest. My father made guns for Mussolini. Then the war went against him and the Gennaros were hunted like dogs. This is why my mother brought me to England but, even here, we were regarded with suspicion. It was made very clear to my mother that there was no way we would be licensed to be gunsmiths again. When rationing ended, we started the gelateria. Did your interest in guns continue? Of course. We brought some of my father's finest guns with us to England, but they were not for shooting. I own several sporting pistols. So you shot competitively? If you can call it that. You British are not good shots. I think that is the real reason your nanny state banned guns. Did you hand yours in? Like a good little citizen? Of course. DOOR BELL TINKLES Er, sorry, folks. They're closed. Aw! Aw, Mum! We'll go down the road. More custom we've lost, thanks to the Bentons. Well, thank your granddad. If he'd mentioned the guns earlier... Of course he didn't. Nonno doesn't do anything to make anybody's life easier. Here. What's that? The receipt from when we handed in the guns. We? Rocco and I saw to it. They were the only things Nonno's mother brought from Italy. He was heartbroken. Is that why you painted this? To remind him of the old country? How did you know? You've signed it. IG. Oh, it's a beautiful city, Venice. You've got quite an eye for detail. Thanks. Any chance of a word with your brother? No, he's working. School trip day, the Natural History museum. Oh, nice. Do you never fancy a day on the van? I used to have my own pitch, by Tower Bridge. The Bentons have got all the riverside spots now, eh? Matthew Benton forced me off mine, personally. Can you tell me how long they'll keep my grandfather? He's not so good at the moment. He gives as good as he gets. Italian men don't show weakness. Nonno wouldn't admit it, but it was the bandit that caused his stroke. It was already a hard summer - the Bentons had halved our profits. Then the robberies, then Rocco being arrested. It was just all too much. I came into the shop and found him on the floor. He was in hospital for a month. And you've been looking after him? I'm his granddaughter! I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think Silvio has become our prime suspect. No, he hasn't! He had the weapon and the motive and access to his grandson's motorbike! Yeah, right. Hell's pensioners - born to be mild. Come on, Jack, he can barely stand! Because he's had a stroke! And as soon as he went into hospital, the robberies stopped. He's bloody-minded enough, and it was ten years ago! So he would've been... The same age as I am now. Like I said, I just don't buy it. Jack called you as well, has he? Yeah. Bloody freezing. What's it all about? No idea. Here you are... Christ! Oi! You mind that car! THIS IS A CAR PARK, NOT A RACE TRACK! Bloody hell, he's coming right for us! Hold on, hold on! Oi! What the hell are you playing at? Stupid sod! You picked a good place to burn rubber, you pillock! This is a cop shop. And we're cops! And so am I! You see? Us oldies are capable of doing more than just playing bingo! A bit of a leap from two little ducks to armed robbery! Not for a man like Silvio. He was doing what he had to do to save his family business. And you totally disregarded him. All I'm saying is, don't consign a man to the scrap heap just because he's getting on. And Brian, how many times have I got to tell you? Don't play with your food! Where are you going? You were absent yesterday. You know how it is. No, I don't. Enlighten me. I'm pursuing certain lines of inquiry. Oh, yeah, what lines? Oh, the usual ones. See you! Bloody sandwich is clear cold now. Clear cold? Cold and clear, you know. Ooohhh... MAN: Mickey, on the head! Oh, nice! Oi! You can't park there, I'm sweeping. All right, I'll move in a minute. Could you get out of the way? Could you move, please? Thank you. Oh, bollocks! I've just been speaking to the secretary of Silvio's old gun club. He remembers him very well, as a total pain in the arse! How surprising(!) Not really, but this is - the Gennaros had a family membership. So Rocco did have access to the guns. So, two generations with weapons, motorbikes and with a killer motive. While Rocco was arrested, Silvio could've done the next robbery to provide him with an alibi. The Gennaro boys have questions to answer. I say we go back to the ice-cream parlour. Yep. We've just had a call. Silvio Gennaro's been taken to hospital with a broken hip incurred whilst attacking Terence Hammond. Go on, go and get yourself a cup of tea. Sure. You've been in the wars, we hear. War is the right word for it. Would you like to tell us what happened? Mr Hammond paid us one of his little visits. He took great delight in telling me that all my street-vendor licences were being revoked. I tried to make him see what he was doing to us, to my family. But did he care? He just wouldn't listen to anything we said. So I made him listen. He went berserk. He set about me with his walking stick! I'd call that a serious assault. Mr Hammond's visit to the Gennaros' this morning arose out of serious allegations made by Matthew Benton, allegations regarding Rocco's baseball bat assault on his brother. As witnessed by two of your colleagues, I understand. Now when were you going to mention that? It was all going to be in my report, sir. I got a message that the boss required my presence. Should I be worried? She knows about Rocco. What about him? His Joe DiMaggio act? Oh, not now, not yet. What's going on? Where have you been all day? Listen, you were on the drug squad, weren't you? For my sins. That story about dealing out the back of ice-cream vans... Nah, urban myth. That started in Glasgow. There were no convictions. Ah, right. Why? What are you thinking? Well, there's nothing I can prove, but I thought I saw something. I think the Bentons might be selling more than 99s. The Bentons? That's interesting. Is it? Yeah, leave it with me. I'll see you in the morning. If I were you, I'd make myself scarce. If madam catches you... Yeah, consider me gone. Ta-ra. Yeah. Well, Mr Benton must be running late. It's all right, love, I'll just wait here for him. Stock orders, stock orders...! Tidy computer, tidy mind! I like it. We have the technology... Let's see what we can do here. Sorry, Mr Benton, there's a Brian Lane waiting in the office. What did he say that he wanted? Sorry, I didn't realise we had an appointment. How can I help? Peanut butter, fudge choc swirl. Fantastic! Yeah, it's a big seller. Is this one of Andy's creations? No. So which are his flavours? None of them. If you wanted free samples I'm sure that I can... I was wondering why you changed your mind. About what? About shopping Rocco Gennaro. When an opportunity lands in your lap you've got... An opportunity? Yeah. Rocco and Isabella handed themselves on a plate. They'd have been the first round to Hammond's office. I do have a business to defend. And here's me thinking you spoke out because you didn't want your brother being threatened by a lunatic. Oh, that's nice... Tower Bridge. Look at the detail in that, did you do that? No, I don't have the time or patience. It was a present. Was there anything else that you wanted? No, no, that was all. Peanut butter, fudge choc swirl. Peanut butter, fudge choc swirl. Brian, no. You are no longer welcome... Before you start Esther, this is for work. Brian, I don't want you... I'm not prepared to say anything else at this point. If you try to do anything... Leave me be. Thank you, thank you, very sorry. CONTINUOUS CLICKS Esther? Love? Drugs?! If I'd known that's what you wanted to talk about... Listen to me. I know all the facts, "Just say no." I promise I've never taken drugs, not even a spliff... if that's what they call it. Caitlin, I need you to score for me. Yeah, right. I'm going to fall for that. No, really. What d'you want me to score? Viagra? Why would you think I need that? It's not that big a leap. It bloody well is! Anyway, it's for a case. Police work? Yeah, investigating a drugs ring. Cool. Is it? Don't get carried away. Your job's the only cool thing about you. Oh, please Caitlin, if you can't say anything nice... No, I can't. So, when do we go undercover? Who's the perp? PANS RATTLE You are being careful out there, aren't you? BANG! What...? Esther, love, I need some help in here. Who buys ice cream at this time of the morning? So, this is where the sting is going down? I should have worn something a bit more urban, blended in. No, I don't want you blending in. I want to be able to see you at all times. Do the deal and get straight back, all right? Got you. And if you feel at all worried, just wave at me. If he even looks at you funny, he'll have me to deal with. But you'll blow my cover. You haven't got a cover! Just in and out, no heroics. Well? He's not just going to give me a free sample. I need some money, Dad. If I had a quid for every time I've heard that, I'd still be skint. There you go. I'll need more than that! How do you know? I thought little Princess Caitlin didn't take so much as an aspirin? I have friends, I hear things. Now, any trouble, you wave to me, all right? Yes, Dad. Good girl. Be careful. Come on, sweetheart. STARTS ENGINE All right? Drive! Just drive! Are you OK? That was brilliant, straight in, straight out. Just how I like it. So what did you get? Shouldn't we be somewhere a bit less exposed? It's all right. Come on, what did you get? Caitlin, I asked you to score a couple of Es or whatever. Not become his East Coast connection! He asked me how much I wanted and I didn't know. So I just handed over the cash. It's a pound a pill, Dad. Cor blimey! Nicky! Gerry, I better... Where the hell have you been? ..warn you. I've got Rocco Gennaro in custody for assault with a deadly weapon and you are to be the chief witness at his trial! I may have messed up but I think all will be forgiven when I give you these. What the hell is this? I don't know, but my Caitlin just scored them out of one of Benton's ice-cream vans. I beg your pardon? You should have seen her, Jack. A real pro, a total natural. You recruited your daughter to do an illegal drugs trade for you! Technically... Technically, I should arrest you, but as I don't know what the hell these are... It's a methamphetamine derivative called Yaba or Crazy Medicine. It's very big on the club scene and amazingly volatile when you overheat it. You've been making them?! Well, sort of. See, I was having a chat with Gerry... Oi! I don't remember a conversation about going into production! Honest! No, that was down to me. You see, I've been going through the Benton stock list, and I came across some very strange items. So you recruited your daughter to do a major drugs deal and you're running a crystal meth lab from your kitchen! Not any more. I don't actually have a kitchen at this point in time. I'm not even sure I've got a marital home. Jack, go and get those tested. You two are confined to barracks until further notice. Don't move until I get back! Why? Where are you going? To talk to your daughter. I can't begin to tell you how angry I am. Today's behaviour was completely inexcusable. Before you start... the worst you can charge me with is possession, and that'll be very hard to prove. Unless, of course, you arrest the ice-cream man, but he'll be something of a hostile witness, won't he? Unless you offer him a deal. Actually, I was talking about your father's behaviour. But how do you know all that? I read it. Police training manuals. Why would you be reading those? I've been thinking about joining the Force. I want to do what you do. Sandra, it was all my fault. I know, she told me everything. Good girl. Yes. Must be Jayne's influence. Lucky for you, you were right - methamphetamine. We're raiding Benton's this afternoon. Come on, then! Cuff him, get that open! OFFICERS SHOUT On the floor. NOW! Oh, come on, must have one somewhere. Ah! Ah! Ow! Ooh! Well, done, that's a great job. How on earth did you realise that this place was a drugs lab? Good policing, sir. You also have the thanks of the Mayor's office. This is a triumph for us all. At least it will be by the time the press release is drafted. So, we can take it that these are the guys behind the robbery? No, that investigation continues. Well, we got the result we wanted anyway. Both problems solved. The Gennaros, thanks to Rocco's thuggish behaviour. And who'd have thought the Bentons could have put themselves out of the picture quite so spectacularly? You jumped up little sod. This place employed over a 100 people who'll all be queuing up at the job centre tomorrow! Silvio Gennaro's in hospital, his business wrecked. You can't wait to run off to Ken with the glad news. If you'll excuse me, some of us have got a real job to do. Meet... me... ..usual...place... ..ASAP. Send. What are you doing? Setting a trap. Fancy a spot of sightseeing? Oh, come on, Brian, what have you brought me here to see? With any luck, the bandit. What? Where?! Over there. Come on, let's have a look at you. Oh! It's Isabella! Mmm-hmm. Did you know? No. It's just a little theory I've been working on. You see, there's a bridge on Isabella's mural in the ice-cream parlour. Only it's not Italian, it's... I saw a picture of the same bridge in Matthew's office. When Isabella said that Matthew was responsible for turfing her off her patch, well, it all seemed to make sense. Course, there was nothing concrete to make an arrest. She'd have just denied everything. Yeah, well, look at her now. Every inch the bandit. She can't exactly deny that, can she? I don't think she'll want to. I think we've caught her at a very vulnerable moment, poor kid. I'll go. Isabella? I'm afraid Matthew isn't coming. How did you...? Is he in on this? No. No, he kept your secret. Tell whoever's in charge I'd no idea what my brother was up to, all right? They already know. They're just sorting out the paperwork. Can I talk to you about Isabella Gennaro? What about her? You still in love with her? I didn't like him the first time I saw him. Smarmy little... Look, we'd always had the Tower pitch until they got their licence. There was no way I was moving on. So he started turning up, trying to scare me off. Then I started looking forward to the arguments. It's always a good sign. I was shouting at him one day, calling him every name under the sun. And then he just kissed me. Said it was to shut me up. And that was it. I was in love with a Benton. We tried to keep on seeing each other, but Nonno got suspicious. Rocco started turning up at odd times... Nearly caught us once. I had responsibilities so we were lucky if we got a couple of hours a week together. The robberies started and the feud escalated. This being the bandit must have been very time-consuming for her. I didn't know it was Isabella until Andy got shot. She turned up at my flat with a bag of money, wanting us to run away. It had been her plan all along. Thought she'd gone mad. She'd just shot my brother, for God's sake! It was a mistake! Andy drove straight at me. The gun just went off! I wasn't trying to kill him, however much I wanted to! I went over to see if he was all right. He was well enough to push my visor up and get a good look. He recognised me straight away. When Matthew calmed down, he told me he would sort it all out. I sat by Andy's bed being a devoted brother, but the minute he woke up, I offered him his own department and a salary hike if he gave a false description. So the E-FIT was...? He described the first person that came into his head. Well who? Arnold Schwarzenegger. After your brother gave a false, misleading statement, what happened between you and Isabella? Well, I wasn't going to throw everything away for a woman that thought robbery was romantic! I decided to go away without him. I needed just a bit more cash and I'd be free from them all. And that's when Silvio had his stroke? I couldn't go then, could I? I was the one that had caused it! Rocco couldn't handle it. The bills mounted up, so I kept dipping into my escape fund. Nonno doesn't know, but I've been keeping us afloat. We'd have gone under years ago but for that money. Now Nonno's going to have to manage without me. Isn't he? It's possible. DOOR OPENS Isabella? Arnold Schwarzenegger. No wonder I was struggling! See, there's nothing wrong with my memory, nothing at all. So you keep saying. Anyone for a drink? I thought you'd never ask! Aren't you taking Caitlin to an illegal rave(?) I know a good crack house she could visit! Hilarious! I think Caitlin's going to stay on the right side of the law from now on. Don't you worry, I can guarantee it! No, I shouldn't be telling you this really - but she's thinking of joining the Force. Hey, congratulations! Where's Brian? If I'd known this was what it took to get the kitchen decorated, I'd have bought you a chemistry set for your birthday! SHE LAUGHS ♪ It's all right, it's OK ♪ Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey ♪ It's all right, I say, it's OK ♪ Listen to what I say ♪ It's all right, doing fine ♪ Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine ♪ It's all right, I say, it's OK ♪ We're getting to the end of the day ♪ Hi-tech, low-tech, take your pick ♪ Cos you can't teach an old dog a brand new trick ♪ I don't care what anybody says. ♪ At the end of the day. ♪ Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 