New Tricks: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 New Tricks 
 s3e6 - Bank Robbery - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 New Tricks (2003–2015): Season 3, Episode 6 - Bank Robbery - full transcript 
 When one of Gerry's informants returns to England and provides him with new evidence, the team re-open the case of a 1987 bank robbery where one of the bank employees was killed. The prime suspect was always Ray Cook, but the police could never get the evidence to charge him. Cook's alibi has always been that he was with his dying mother at the time of the robbery but the team find evidence that brings their basic premise into question. They also determine that the bank robbers may have had inside help, including that of certain police officers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Save me the trip down memory lane, will you, son? And in case it has escaped your memory, technically you are still an escaped criminal. Now come on! Whoa! Not so fast, Gerry. I've got bunions. Bunions? You've put on a bit of suet, haven't you, Gerry? The old barnet's a bit thinner now! Do those bunions give you jip, do they? Bloody agony. Welcome home. Gerry! ♪ It's all right, it's OK ♪ Doesn't really matter if you're old and grey 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ It's all right, I say, it's OK ♪ Listen to what I say ♪ It's all right, doing fine ♪ Doesn't really matter if the sun don't shine ♪ It's all right, I say, it's OK ♪ We're getting to the end of the day. ♪ Come on, how much further? I'm not driving you around all day! Stop! Eh? Stop! What? What the hell's going on? What's going on? Where's the George and Drag? Hang on, where's the bleeding road? What have they done with the East End, Gerry? MUSIC PLAYS "Colonel Bogey" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I hit the wrong button. That was Colonel Bogey from Bridge Over The River Kwai as interpreted by the band of the Grenadier Guards. He actually meant to play Tom Jones singing Sex Bomb. It's my new laptop. Is it? Yeah, it's fully loaded. It's got this amazing music program. It's kind of a digital music library. I've converted my entire collection of long-playing band marching records to MP3 format. I've got the whole bloody lot on my hard drive. It's incredible! Each individual sound wave is transmogrified. Brian, Brian. Not that I don't find this conversation fascinating, but can we reschedule it for a more convenient time? Not at all. When do you fancy? How about when hell freezes over? Where's Gerry? And don't say emergency dental work again. It demeans you. He's gone to see an informant to follow up a line of enquiry. Oh, yeah? Rang him to say he had fresh information on the Finsbury Park job. April 26th, 1987. A three-man team hit the GS Bank. It was a right botch-up. They left without any money. Probably because one of the cashiers had his face blown away. It had all the hallmarks of one Ray Cook. Ray Cook. They could never pin it on him, though. I heard him on the radio coming into work this morning. How having a history as a psychopathic gangster qualifies you to be a celebrity is beyond me. Well, he's a respected author now. Yeah and I'm a virgin. This informant of Gerry's, is he reliable? Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Can't wait(!) You're probably wondering what brought me back. Not really. It's my son Danny's 18th on Thursday. So what exactly am I looking for down here, Pete? I haven't seen him or Linda in 17 years. I couldn't not be there. Not for my lad's 18th. Urgh. This is like looking for a needle in a very dark, very smelly haystack. I knew it'd be risky. So I thought to myself, "If you give that nice Mr Standing something he'll appreciate, "he'll make sure nothing remiss happens." Stand-up Standing we used to call you. Hold on. Hold on! Aha! There you go! Have a look at that. So what is it? Search me. I was told everything you need to know was down there. Oh, no, don't tell me that's a souvenir. A tape. Oh. ..Hold on, there's something else down here. Well, have a dig around. It might be something important. There you go. Pete? Pete? I've just been going through the original file. Cook's got a rock-solid alibi. Which was? He was in the London Hospital at his beloved mother's deathbed. Says who? His signature. Mr R Cook on the organ release form. Funny how his sort always love their mothers. Happy to kill anyone else's of course. We just don't have any evidence to nail him. I'm back bearing gifts. Oh. Where have you been? Have a look at this. Oh, 12-bore, double-barrelled shotgun. Sawn off to 10 inches. The weapon of choice for your career bank robber in the late '80s, including Ray Cook. Who was at his dear mother's bedside at the time of the robbery. Oh, charming. What's that? It's a tape. Of what? I don't know. Kajagoogoo's greatest hits? Oh, come on, we've got to have a go. All right, we'll do it. I just don't want any cock-ups. That shooter goes straight to ballistics. And the tape should be logged, bagged and sent to the forensic audiologist. I don't want anyone mucking around with this stuff. Is that clear? Yep. Absolutely. Oh! Oh, Gerry! D'you think I don't know? This is original CCTV footage of the raid. Outside, there was a driver in a white transit van that was stolen in Chiswick the previous week. The other two guys were both armed - one with a sawn-off shotgun, the other a handgun. Now here's our man. Just watch what happens next. They start to threaten the cashiers who duly oblige by emptying the tills. Who's that arguing with the shooter? Phil Henderson. Phil Henderson, the have-a-go hero. Brave bloke. Bloody idiot! Why risk his life to protect someone else's money? The bank's insured. That's a little cynical, Sandra! I suppose the charitable view is that he feels some old-fashioned sense of responsibility, selflessness. And the vicious git who did that is still out there. That could have been Ray Cook a couple of decades ago. Sawn-off shotgun, same build, same sort of crime. His autobiography is out. The hardest geezer in town. I got it at the airport today. Airport? Yeah, my...my grass came back. Pete Macintyre. Holiday? Hardly. He jumped prison in '88 and he spent the rest of the time ducking and diving all over the world. And he's back because? His son's 18th. He wants to be there. How heart-warming(!) You were the welcoming committee for a convicted criminal who's been on the run for the last 18 years? Yeah. You'd better pray that the evidence you brought in helps us nail Ray Cook. Er, Guv? Guv? This information wasn't free. Sure, Gerry. As long as you're OK with the official procedure for registering informants. Get him in, give him a risk assessment, formal contract, pseudonym and put him on the database. And then present me with the appropriate receipts. Shouldn't be a problem. LAUGHTER Gerry Standing! Hello, Linda. Don't tell me another wife's slung you out. Oh, no, no. Listen, have you seen Pete? Are you having a laugh? No, not really. You'd better come in. Thank you. Switch the telly off, love. This is my son Danny. Hiya. Hello, Danny. What's wrong, Gerry? Has something happened to him? No, no, no, but he's back. He hasn't been in touch? Not so much as a phone call or a postcard, not for 17 bleeding years. I picked him up from the airport, then he buggered off. Oh, these are for you and Danny from Pete. It's his birthday on Thursday. We're having a party. Yeah, Pete said. He remembered. You should never have let him get banged up, Gerry. Prison is no place for a grass. He was guilty! Since when does that make a blind bit of difference? He must have been terrified in there and because of that my son's grown up without a father. Did he know Ray Cook? Pete knew everyone. That was his business, other people's secrets. That stuff can get you killed, though. Where is he, Gerry? Are you being straight with me? Nah, nah, he's all right, he'll turn up. Look, if you hear anything, give us a call, will you? OK. Cheers. I'll let myself out. Actually, I'm trying to trace a - what d'you call it? - organ donor release form. Yes, signed by Ray Cook on April 26th 1987. Yeah, that's right. Hey, the robbery. On the tape, it's the robbery! Yeah, yeah, well, as quick as you can, please. Thank you. Have a listen through these. It's a bit unclear but you can just make out what sounds like shouting and hollering. Then there's a bang. It's a sawn-off. I'll stake my life on it. GUNSHOT ON TAPE He's right. I think he's right! I'm always right. For I am the man they call Brian Lane. I'm impressed. Normally takes forensics eight weeks to return anything. Yeah. You did send it off, Brian? Well, actually... I'm sorry. I thought I made myself perfectly clear, but apparently not. Or is it that you've shown a flagrant disregard for police procedure again? No, Guv'nor, I haven't. I sent the tape yesterday. I delivered it by hand. I just downloaded it first onto my computer, you know like Colonel Bogey, remember? I don't care how much of a resident genius you are, I will not tolerate insubordination on a major murder enquiry. Bloody clever, though. We've got a tape recording of the robbery. Is Cook on it? We can't tell yet. Tread carefully. He's a vicious psychopath but the public love him and he interviews well. Who have you spoken to from the original team? No-one. There was a DCI Braithwaite who led the enquiry but he died in January. And DS Rob Petty who was second in command. Oh, that shit... Well, I'm sure you'll act with discretion regardless of any personal feelings. Six o'clock, tonight? I'll pick you up. Don't worry. I'll get a taxi. I thought we might have a quick drink first. Well, I don't think I'm going to have much time, but thank you. OK, I'll see you at 6.30, then. What's he look like, this Geoff Lyons? No idea. Is he still working for the bank? Not any more. He was the bank's head of security at the time of the murder. Jack Halford? Geoff Lyons? Yeah. Thank you for helping us out. This is a colleague of mine, Brian Lane. How do you do? It's all fixed, they're expecting us. More cameras than there used to be, but it hasn't really changed. Halford? Did we ever meet through the Memorial Trust? Your ex-job? Yeah, left in '85. Where would ex-coppers be without the security industry? In the back garden with a watering can. Well, gentlemen, come this way. I'm sure we'll be able to sort you out one way or another. The electronic lock on this door. It wasn't working, was it? No, the engineers had recently fitted a new alarm system. It was temperamental. It's all in the original investigation. Anyway, I was Area Head of Security, so I got the blame. Sacked? Yeah. I'm a travel agent now. Worse thing that can happen is someone's luggage ends up in Reykjavik. This way. It was a terrible thing. Terrible. Have you met him yet? Ray Cook? No, not yet. Our paths crossed a couple of times. He's a nasty piece of work. Then he gets an O-level, tells a few jokes on the telly and now he's the darling of the cocktail set. I hope you can make this one stick, I really do. BUZZ Or they could have been buzzed through of course. Sorry? The cashier presses a buzzer under the desk and the door opens. Someone could have buzzed the robbers through. You're talking about an inside man? They interviewed everybody here, including me. And? Well, nothing. Everyone was as clean as a whistle. Anyone checked our have-a-go hero - Phil Henderson? The victim? Just because he was killed doesn't mean he wasn't involved. Check out his PoB, where he grew up etcetera, etcetera. And see if he could have crossed paths with Ray Cook. Jack, could I have a word? Um... am I a cynic? I mean, I know it goes with the job and everything... Do you drink too much? No. Do you take backhanders? No. Do you beat your wife? Unlikely scenario but no. You've got nothing to worry about. You're just doing your job. Sometimes I wonder what the job is doing to me. Eureka! Hoxton! Hoxton? Both Ray Cook and Phil Henderson come from Hoxton. That is more than a coincidence. Mr Cook? Excuse me?! Ah, morning, gentlemen and the beautiful lady, of course. Jack Halford, Gerry Standing, Brian Lane and I'm Detective Superintendent Sandra Pullman. Charmed. This is Sue from Save The Sumatran Tiger. Grrrr! You'll be shocked to hear that there are people who are prepared to cut the genitalia off these beautiful beasts and re-market it as an aphrodisiac for some lazy fat ponce who can't get his leg over. But apparently you can go all night. Drives the ladies crazy. Takes them to a...different place entirely. Such as Finsbury Park 1987? Er...just a minute, Sue. I think, um... you're a little out of touch with this, Sandra. I'm a best-selling author, not some toe-rag you can jump on day or night whenever the fancy takes you. If you want an appointment, you ring my secretary, OK? Come on, you little monsters, let's get the show on the road. Ray... We're investigating a bank robbery. It's not too serious apart from the fact that some bloke got his face shot off. OK, I'll give you five. We found a gun. Oh, good for you. Yeah, sawn-off 12 bore. You always fancied a sawn-off, didn't you, Ray? The old urban cowboy shooting the ceiling tiles out. Listen to me, you...mugs, that Finsbury Park job was a bloody disgrace. They left empty-handed and they decorated the gaff with some prat's face. Does that sound like a Ray Cook job? My name and reputation is my brand. It's my business, OK? Interview over. We still need to know what you were doing that day. Now, I'm only going to say this once. On April 26th 1987, my mother breathed her last painful breaths in the London Hospital. Now following a massive aneurism, she suffered bravely and in great pain until the end. Now where do you think I was that day? D'you think I was out doing some poxy bank job, or at my mother's bedside? It was my mother dying in the hospital, you bastards! Cameras may love you, Ray, but I don't. Now if you shot Phil Henderson, I'm going to prove it and then it won't be some tiger's nuts that'll need saving, it'll be yours. What's funny? Not funny, just amusing, Sandra. Care to share it? Yeah, I mean, there's you, the hard-assed fast-tracked female copper and me, the glamorous former villain. I mean it's all role playing, isn't it? How's that, then? I mean, let me ask you. What do you see when you look at me? Do you see a villain or do you see a man? A man who had the bottle to go out and grab what he wanted out of life. No matter what your mothers teach you, men like me excite women like you. We make your pulses race. Oh, yeah, you know. You may spend your life hunting us down, but you still want to have our kids. Now, a more educated man than myself might find that somewhat ironic. See you soon, Ray. Yeah, can't be too soon, mate. What do you want? Will you sign this for the wife, please, Ray? If you paid for it, I'll sign it. Actually, I nicked it off my mate. I'm not surprised, you villain. Will you put "to Esther, with love"? To Esther, with love, Ray Cook. Smashing. Yeah, enjoy it. Thank you. All I'm saying is he's got a point. Why blow away your own inside man? Because Ray Cook's a nasty, raving psychopath. That's reason enough in my book. Yeah, but he still has an alibi. Once Phil was no longer useful, bang! Dead men don't talk. And the original enquiry didn't make the connection between Phil and Ray. No, because they never suspected the victim. They weren't cynical enough. Oh, knockout! Sandra. You look enchanting. Cheers, Jack! She's going out with Mr Strickland. Where to? You're not my dad. It's none of your business. Fair enough. But I want you in by 10.30. Gerry, have you talked to Rob Petty yet? And have you tracked down Pete Mackintyre? LAUGHTER Why are you laughing? His mother's dying. Bye. Have a good time. I can't believe her and Strickland. It's work. He was oozing all over her, all over my bleeding desk. Nonsense. I bet you he's trying to pull her. Let's follow her and find out. But I can't, I'm snowed under. 50. 100 and you're on. Brian? Get your coat. Put your foot down or we'll lose her. It's a built-up area. "On April 26th 1987, my mother was breathing her last painful breaths." Oh, there she is. I can see her. "She suffered bravely and in..." He was quoting from his autobiography. That man's got an ego bigger than Essex. Jack, you got those witness statements? In the office. A doctor and two nurses stated they saw him at his mother's bedside at about 11.50am. And he signed an organ release form just after she died. What time did she die? 1.10 in the afternoon. Yeah, and the bank raid kicked off at 12.42. So he's in the clear. Hey, what are we stopping for? Relax, will you? Look over there. I can't see anything. It's the Hero Of The Year dinner. What, and you knew? Yes. And you owe me 100 quid. Git. I still reckon he wants to slip her one. Let's go and see what's going on. Ladies and gentlemen, before we start our presentation, I'd like to introduce you to our speaker for this evening. She's a lady who's been working very hard with a very successful UCOS team. Detective Chief Superintendent Sandra Pullman. APPLAUSE Hello, Gerry. On duty? Guarding us VIPs? Twat. Sorry, did you say something? What? Did you call me a prat? Me? No. Ask the lads. I called you a twat. Ladies and gentlemen, today we need heroes more than ever before. Sandra's done a marvellous job with UCOS. The results are second to none. It's a crack squad. ..light our way in the darkness of an increasingly confused and violent society. And I sincerely hope that this award demonstrates the value... COMMOTION IN BACKGROUND ..of selflessness in a society... ..considered... ..considered by many to be selfish and uncaring. Come on, get him! The immense personal courage displayed by PC John Finten in apprehending an armed criminal single... Ladies and gentlemen, PC John Finten! What the hell's going on? Go home now or I will kill you! Who are you? DCI Rob Petty. Oh. Nice to meet you. I'll be in touch. I'm very sorry about Gerry, he's under a lot of pressure at work, home... And he's experienced quite a bit of serious dental work. It's OK. I'm embarrassed, it was stupid of me. What was it all about? God knows. Ancient history. Which way are you going? North-west. So am I. I'll give you a lift. Most kind of you. Here, allow me. Thank you. I'm just glad to be out of there, to be honest. Yeah, me too. Why did you go? I'm a hero. Yes, I know, difficult to believe. The Croydon bank raid in 1980. You know about it? Yeah, I've been doing a lot of reading up on Ray Cook recently. Ray started shooting. Chris was in the way. He was the guy I was with earlier. I ran in and... Tried to get the gun? And failed. I got an award. Chris got a wheelchair. So you have a bit of a history with Mr Cook, then? Yeah, you could put it like that. I never did manage to get the man sent down, despite everything that happened with Chris. Why the sudden interest in Cook, anyway? We've re-opened the Finsbury Park bank case. Really? New information. Actually, I was hoping to bump into you tonight. It'll be really handy if you came along to the office and talked to us. Anything. Anything to put Ray Cook behind bars, you can count on me. You and I are going to get along very well. Come on, Brian. Hang on. Listen. "Richard, on the other hand, was a little goody-goody. Never did anything wrong. "So I made my step-brother's life so crap that he disappeared when he was 16 and went to live with his mum." Ray Cook had a step-brother? I didn't know that. Yeah, Richard Cook. That's Richard with an R. Yes, I know how you spell Richard. Yes, I know you know. What was the exact signature on the organ donor form? R Cook. R Cook. So what if it was Richard that signed the forms, not Ray. Brian, you might have blown Ray Cook's alibi clean out of the water! Come on. Brian! Watch out for cyclists. Oh, hello. Must be Pete's phone. Got it. Got what? Eileen Cook's organ release form. Where? Just picked it up. You're right, they're different. I'll ring Sandra. And tell her we're now having incontrovertible proof that Ray's alibi is a load of old balls! Nurse Abrahams has confirmed your theory, Brian. Ray Cook never signed those forms. Good work. Graphic equaliser. If that's a term of endearment on your planet, I'll accept it gratefully. I've got a built-in graphic equaliser. Listen to what happens when I play our tape. 'What's going on? What's going on!' Henderson's arguing with the gunman. 'Ray? What's going on?' He's saying, "Ray"! Clear as day, he says, "Ray"! Gerry, I want to see you now! 'Ray?' You seriously disappoint me, Gerry. If you have a personal grievance against another officer... If Gerry hadn't bought Ray's autobiography, we'd have never cracked his alibi. That's no excuse for thumping Rob Petty in front of 500 assembled VIPs. What is it between those two anyway? Who knows? Some bad blood best forgotten. You can consider this a formal warning. He wants to nominate me for next year's awards(!) Here we are, then. Two brown sauce. Thank you. One red. Ta. You're telling me that Petty is coming in here? What exactly is your problem with him? He's got stupid hair. What? Look, I don't want to discuss it. But he deserved it, right? It goes back to the seventies. He saved his mate's life. That Croydon job was a disaster. Listen. Any police operation has failed if you put your men or yourself in that kind of danger. He risked his own neck to save his colleague's life. That's... Part of the job, Guv. PHONE RINGS Hello? Who's that? Hello?! Jack Halford. How are you? Brian Lane. Brian. Oh, hello again. And I believe you know Gerry Standing. Yeah, and I owe you an apology. I was bloody stupid. I don't know what got into me. Oh, it's OK, I must have misheard you, anyway. Cheers. Oh, listen, you still got that Austin Healey Sprite? God, no. Nothing sadder than an old bloke buzzing around in a two-seater soft-top, eh? Yeah. So what triggered this new investigation, then? We found a gun. A gun? Yeah, one of Gerry's old informants. You picked Ray Cook up after the Croydon job, but you never found a gun, yeah? So maybe he used the weapon seven years later in Finsbury Park? It's possible. So where did you find it? You must really hate that Ray Cook, eh? Chris will never walk again. Phil Henderson had his face shot off. Let's say he's not top of my Christmas card list. PHONE RINGS Excuse me. Nothing urgent. Listen, thanks for coming in and I'm very sorry about your mate. Well, d'you want me to look at the gun? No, you can't. It's still with ballistics, innit? Can we give you a bell when we get it back? Yeah, yeah, course. That'll be smashing, thanks. I'll catch up with you, Rob. Yes. Cheers. See you later. What was that all about? He knows Pete Mackintyre! Pete left his phone in my car. He rang Pete. Now, when I phoned him back, he didn't answer. Rob? Do you know Pete Mackintyre? Er, yes, he was an informant for me in the 1980s. He's, er, he's just got back in the country. How do you know that? His wife Linda called me, said he wanted to talk to me about something. I can text you his number if you like? Oh, cheers, that'd be very helpful. My pleasure. See you soon, I hope. OK, bye. Happy? He admits to knowing Pete. Listen, Linda hasn't seen Pete Macintyre for 17 years. There's no way she could give him his phone number. Someone's been telling porkies. Yeah. "With exemplary bravery and without a thought for his own... "Blah, blah, blah..." Here, look at this, Jack. That's Geoff Lyons. Ex-security man at the bank. I think we've got enough to give Cook another tug. Well, don't start popping the champagne yet. That was ballistics. And? The wadding and pellets match the gun. So it was the murder weapon? But there are no prints. He wiped the gun clean. He killed someone. Hardly surprising. If we can't tie Cook to the gun, we've no evidence. We can disprove Cook's alibi, we can tie him in with Henderson, and we've got Henderson saying "Ray" just before he was shot. Oh, have we indeed? You know we have, you played it to me, remember? I heard it with my own ears. Right. I'm going to have a chat with our Mr Cook. Jack? Come and have a look at these. Rob Petty receiving his Hero Of The Year Award. Geoff Lyons. Again, again and again. When Petty left Newham, he moved to Croydon nick where his DCI was one Geoffrey Lyons. They were both on the Croydon raid along with Chris Collins, the guy in the wheelchair here. In 1985, Lyons quit the Met and became a security consultant. How come you didn't you make this connection, Brian? Because unlike the universe my memory isn't constantly expanding. I have to draw the line somewhere. First Petty knows Cook, then Pete and now Lyons. I mean, think about it. They've both got the right hump with Cook because of the Croydon raid. So when Lyons becomes Head of Security at the bank, they've got the perfect opportunity to organise a blag, and fit Cook up. But you're forgetting something. Phil Henderson identifies Ray Cook on the tape. Mm. You know, Gerry, all the time and effort we've spent analysing that tape, we've never asked ourselves the simple question - how it came to exist? Well, maybe one of the villains wanted a souvenir. But why? What'd be the point? It would be incriminating evidence against yourself! Yeah, and against the others. What? Blackmail? Insurance, maybe. It'd give you a bit of leverage if the shit hit the fan, wouldn't it? What sort of a mind would work like that? Well, Pete Mackintyre, for instance. Wearing a wire was second nature to him but he was inside at the time. And he's a grass, not a bank robber. What nick was he in? Right. Ready to roll. I've matched sound to picture. Now watch what happens here and listen carefully. 'Let me see your hands!' Brian, we already know all this. Patience, Gerry. Now let's try the same thing again but zooming in on Henderson. Ray, what's going on? Ray? The first time he says "Ray", it's a definite statement. But the second. Ray? Yeah, look at the face. It's more of a question. Exactly. He thought it was Ray Cook. Just like they'd planned. But then he realises something's gone wrong. He twigs it's not Ray. At which point... Bang! And who the hell was it that shot Phil Henderson? Bloody Nora! What? Your mate Pete Mackintyre was not banged up on the day of the robbery. Where was he, then? He was released for the day, under the proviso of identifying unsolved burglaries. Bloody hell, clear-ups. In fact, two inmates were signed out from Edgware that day. Pete Mackintyre and one Lol Greaves, and both by the same officer. Oh, don't tell me. Rob Petty? In one. So there's your three robbers. Pete, Lol Greaves and Rob Petty. We'll never get Lol Greaves. He was found hanging in his cell two weeks after Pete went AWOL. I've got a horrible feeling that the shooter was Pete. Why? Well, he didn't know anything about guns. He couldn't handle them. I bet you any money you like he panicked. I'm going to check this out with Linda. Done up or undone. What do you think is best? Undone? OK. And the tie should be done up or undone? Undone. Back in a minute. OK. So that lovely passage in your book about the death of your beloved mother was a load of old fanny. Ah, look, I didn't exactly sign the forms but I was by her side most of the...well, some of the time. Yeah, but then you left for a prior engagement in Finsbury Park. Look, Sandra. I told you I had nothing whatever to do with that. And I should believe that why exactly? I'm going to come clean with you. I'm busy and you're beginning to get on my tights. Now, Phil Henderson WAS my man. I had planned to do the job but some bunch of two-bob amateurs beat me to it. Some tosspot pretending to be me, I wanted to waste him. I don't know what happened to him. He disappeared off the face of the earth. Ba-boom. That's it, finished. Are we OK? Yes, I'm OK. We're talking. ..Right, anything else on your mind, darling? So where did you go after you left the hospital? Down the bookies? Hook up with a fancy woman, down the pub? No, no. To the bank to rob it. To shoot someone. Ray, you keep telling me that you didn't do it. We both know you weren't with your mother when she died. OK. I went to the hospital tavern across the road. The landlord's a geezer called Big Davey. Now, he'll confirm it. Why did you lie and say you were still with your mum? Cos I adored that woman. I adored her, she was my mum. She was the finest woman that God ever put breath into. I wasn't there when she died. And I should have been! But you were at the boozer instead. Don't mock me, Sandra. You don't know what it's like seeing your mother lying there, wasted day after day. I got a bit weak, I went to the boozer for a bit of Dutch courage. And I should have been there and I wasn't. I'm sorry, Mum. I'm sorry. So much for the hardest geezer in town. You didn't have the guts to stay with your dying mother without a drink inside you. Pathetic. Be lucky. Where is he, Linda? I don't know. I told you. Don't lie to me! Look, we all know Pete was involved in the Finsbury Park bank raid in '87. And he came here that day, didn't he? Now, did he come with a police officer called Rob Petty? Well, did he? Him and some other bloke that I'd never seen before. Pete just looked petrified. Petty let him say goodbye. And then Pete went to the wardrobe and got out one of them tape machines. Tape machine? Yeah. But he was all fingers and thumbs and he kept saying, "Help me, Linds!" But I couldn't. I couldn't even give him a hug. I just knew something was wrong. You don't know the half of it. Yes, thank you, Mrs Lyons. Have a good day. Lyon's wife reckons he's just sprung a last-minute business trip abroad. Our travel agent's gone travelling. Think you can find him? It could have been the perfect crime. A bank raid organised by a copper and two faces supposedly banged up. With everything pointing to Ray Cook. And it went tits up when Henderson was shot. Better let the Guv'nor know what's occurring. Hi. Hello, Sandra. MOBILE PHONE RINGS Oh, sorry, hang on. Jack? Ray Cook is innocent. Yeah, I know that. That's not all. There's strong evidence to suggest that he was framed by Rob Petty. OK. Thanks. Bye. Good news? Not really, no. I saw Ray Cook on telly. Ray Cook didn't do the Finsbury Park job. No way. Afraid not. It seems it's one he didn't do. So who did it? Apparently he was fitted up. Why did you never say that you were a friend of Geoff Lyons? You never asked me. All right. Geoff was my Guv'nor at Croydon. One of the best bloody coppers I ever met in my life. We kept in touch after he left. When I found out that Phil Henderson was working at his banks, I warned him. I said, "Sack him, Geoff, he's a plant. "Ray Cook's gonna do the bank." But he never did sack him. So you're suggesting that Geoff Lyons robbed his own bank and made it look like a Ray Cook job? I'm not suggesting anything, Sandra. I'm just coming clean about all that I know. And it's much appreciated, thank you. Bingo! Lyons is booked onto the six o'clock flight to Malaga out of Stansted. It's a one-way ticket. Let's get to the airport. I'll rustle up a few bodies to give us a hand. Would you mind popping up to the office for a couple of minutes? Anything I can do to help. There's... Oh! Guv? Sandra! What's going on? What happened? Gerry, watch out! Are you all right? Yes. Brian, get to the airport. Let me take you inside. I'm fine, I'm just a bit winded. Don't worry about me, then(!) TANNOY ANNOUNCEMENTS AT AIRPORT Excuse me. Geoff Lyons? You're nicked. I love doing that. Here you are, get that down you. Cheers, Jack. Brian's nabbed Lyons at the airport. And I've put out a nationwide APB on Petty. And on Pete Mackintyre. Won't need one on Pete. We know where he'll be. Yeah, at his son's eighteenth. Come on, we've got to go to a party. Mr Standing. Come in, join the party. Bring your friends. In you go. Make yourselves at home. let's get you sorted with some drinks. Pete, no. No, hang on. You gotta meet the birthday boy. Danny, where are you? This is, Dannyboy, he's 18 today. Happy birthday, Danny. This is the happiest day of my life. I'm glad you could share it with me. Pete, this isn't strictly a social visit. Should we adjourn to the kitchen? We've come about... Me shooting Phil Henderson, I know. Jack Halford and our boss DS Pullman. Pleased to meet you. I look forward to my arrest. Can I get you all a drink? Yeah, I'll have a beer, yeah. Why did you lead me to the gear, when you were the shooter? I wanted Petty behind bars for what he did to me. He forced me into going on that job, me and Lol Greaves. Neither of us wanted to do it. There must have been a sweetener. Yeah, maybe. But if we didn't do as he wanted, he said he'd make sure it was hell for us inside. I was a grass, Mr Standing. What choice did I have? Cheers. So what happened with Henderson? He was coming towards me, he wouldn't shut up. I panicked. Poor bugger. I still have nightmares. What made you finally decide to do a bunk? No other bleeding options. You could have told me all this when I picked you up. If I had done that, you'd have had to nick me. And I didn't want to miss tonight. I wanted to have a bit of a laugh. Petty didn't know I'd hid the gear. He thought I'd chucked the gun in the river. And you weren't a bad copper in your day. Wanted to see if you still had it in you. Fair play to you, you have. So why now? After 17 years? There are times in your life when you need to clear up unfinished business. Finding out you're on your last legs is one of them. What's that mean? Kidney failure, end stage. I blame the good life. Too much of it. Is this a wind-up? I wish. Well, I'm sorry, mate. Excuse me, I just need a bit of fresh air. And a nice new kidney. Hello, Pete. Come here. Aggh! Take it easy, Petty. Get out of the way. Jack has been shot! Jack? Oh, my God, Jack? It's all right, I'm OK. Hell of a pain in the ribs. Mary gave me that. They're bringing your medicine. What did you think of my boy, then, Gerry? Danny, yes, he's all right, isn't he? He's big and strong my son. He's likely to be a good match too. My own son, giving me his kidney. He's a good lad. I hope those... get a good, long stretch. They'll be scared shitless in prison. Least if the transplant goes ahead, I'll be on special referral. Get a cushy spot in hospital on dialysis, then there's the time it takes to get over such a big operation. I'll hardly be on the wing at all. You've got it all worked out, haven't you? They put that bloody gun in my hand. Yeah, but you shot it. I'm sorry you're ill and all that, but please don't try and make me cry, all right? No, mate, I'm sorry. Come on, then. Time's up. Did the chiropodist do a good job? Er, yes, thanks for asking. You know as a matter of fact, I feel like I'm walking on air now. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 