Ultimate Survival: Everest: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Survival: Everest 
 s1e4 - Push for the Summit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Survival: Everest (2004–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Push for the Summit - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On the last episode of Everest. Plans unravel for Team Discovery. Ben Webster had maneuvered his climbing party into the head of the pack, but bad weather on the summit stopped them cold. Allowing slower teams on the worlds tallest mountain to catch up. - The word I'm hearing here is that they're prepared to go on this first window. Nobody's going to wait. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Worried about being caught in a human traffic jam, Ben devised a new plan. He and his girlfriend, Shaunna Burke will wait and head for the summit next week. I mean, I obviously prefer to go and try to get my summit out of the way, but that's being selfish. That leaves just the team's professional climbers able to summit with the crowd in the first window of opportunity. Hector Ponce De Leon is ready, willing, and able, but Andrew Lock is sick, flat on his back. It's May 11th. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ben and Shaunna have spent three days down valley recuperating in oxygen-rich air. They arrived back at basecamp to find Andrew still under the weather. If Andrew can't get on his feet by tomorrow morning, Shaunna might get to take his place in the first group of team Discovery climbers heading for the summit. Knowing that his climb is on the line, Andrew gets to his feet and begins packing gear. This has left me very, very weakened and quite concerned about whether I have the strength or not to make the summit. Annabelle Bond, a British socialite along with her climbing partner, 50-year-old Chilean bank owner, Andrónico Craig are on their summit push. They've made it through the Ice Fall and are headed past Camp One en route to Camp Two. I think it's quite windy today, and on the 15th, we want no wind at all. As Annabelle heads onwards, Will Cross, a diabetic high school principle from Pittsburgh sorts through his supplies at basecamp. It's a chance for Will to take one last deep breath before committing to his summit assault. - It's kind of silent moment around camp because this is what, this is what it's all about, this is what it's led up to, so there's probably a lot on our minds, and, you know, kind of thinking about the family, thinking about the whole project. That we need to get up that hill and back down in one piece. That's my responsibility to myself, and to be honest with oneself when you're up there. If it does start to get dicey, to make honest and accurate assessments whether to go up or down. So that at the end of the day, you're alive and ready to go for the next one. Will is taking a risk. The oxygen system he is using is new to him. In fact, it's a brand new product. The small aluminum tanks are lighter than the standard steel ones. It's probably fine, but trusting an untested product on Everest requires more courage than most climbers have. - Here's our goal. I'm just looking up at Everest. It seems a long way from here, but it seems like there's not much snow on it. Anyway, step by step, and I guess I go down into this crevasse. Hate it, hate it. On her way to Camp Two, Annabelle will climb through dozens of these crevasses. The glacier is so carved up, there are more ladders here than in the Ice Fall. It's like the landscape is made of enormous shifting ice plates. Annabelle will travel through this valley known as the Western Cwm with the blistering sun pounding down on her. When non-climbers think of Everest, they think of the cold, but some of the most debilitating conditions are caused by the excessive heat generated by sun rays reflecting off the bright white snow. Today, it's 35 degrees celsius in the Cwm. It's like climbing through a solar oven. Annabelle is sweating bullets. The final crevasse in the Western Cwm is 10 stories deep. To position her feet properly, she's forced to look down. This gorge is bridged by three aluminum ladders latched together with climbing rope. Everything about this situation is sickening to Annabelle. The view, the thin air, and the heat combine to make her feel like she might faint. This is no place to faint. - I've been feeling a little ill on the way up the Cwm, it's been unbelievably hot. I'd heard about the heat, but this is the first I'd experienced it. And I've got a whole bunch of snow underneath my hat. I don't know what I've got. I've got like, my panic attacks, some kind of nausea, it's really slowing me down. Anyway, I'm really, really looking forward to getting to camp two. Thank you, that's perfect, thanks. Well, you're meant to finish each workout with a little bit of excess energy, and I'm afraid I've got none, I'm on empty. Annabelle is hoping to spend the night on a bed of rocks next to a snow field at an altitude of 6,000 meters. That's a different part of the Earth's atmosphere. Camp Two is so high, it's in the troposphere. Team Discovery's tireless head Sherpa's, Lhapka Gelu right hand man, Migma are in Camp Two already, putting together a high altitude communication tower. When this UHF radio antennae is rigged up, the preparations for the summit push will be complete. After climbing for eight solid hours, Annabelle plods her way into Camp Two. It's been the most punishing day of her life. It's a tiredness that I just cannot, I've never come across in my life before. In my sort of competitive running, I've never felt this kind of, it's draining, you just, it's, I can't explain it. I've always read about it and I just thought, God, those guys are unfit, and when it actually happens to you, you cannot literally get one leg off the floor, it's so exhausting. Tomorrow, Annabelle will have her final day of rest, gathering her strength for her last big push up the mountain and on to the top of the world. As the sun sets, Team Discovery plans for the worst. Death is part of life on Everest, so team members want to know their partner's wishes in case of disaster. Do they want their body collected, should their remains be shipped home? To outsiders, this may seem morbid, but to climbers, becoming a literal part of Mount Everest is romantic and honorable. In the event of death, most climbers want to bond with the mountain in a way that no living soul can. - At the bottom of my last mountain climbing, so actually I would like my body to stay in the mountain, definitely. If I happen to fall off a cliff or something, well, wherever I land, that's where I want to rest. - In my case, if somehow I was killed on the mountain, then there is a climber's code, which I ascribe to, and that is to put the climber's body down a crevasse on the mountain if it's safe to do so. And that's what I'd like done with my body. - I try not to think about it too much, I try to push it out of my mind because it makes me uncomfortable just thinking about it. - For me, I've never really attached too great a, you know, purpose or whatever in terms of the physical nature of you being here. So once that ends, once the sort of spiritual thing ends or the energy dies out, then it doesn't really matter to me, it's just, you know. It's litter at that point, I guess. - If it were to happen, I wouldn't want any one else's life to be put in danger just to go up and get my, which I agree is just a physical body. I mean, just leave me where I lie. I guess I would just want my family and the people that I love to know that I love them. - If I have any wish or desire, it's that it is not seen as a tragedy. I've, mountains have given me so much, much more than I can ask for, so if it happens to me here on this particular climb, I really would want, like, all my friends, relatives, girlfriend, parents, just to see, you know, it's part of life that I've been very happy with, and as I said, not to be seen as a tragedy, as something sad or terrible. That's something that I would really like to happen. At the crack of dawn, Andrew heads for Camp Two. He likes to leave early so he can avoid the crippling heat of the afternoon. Back at basecamp, an offering of juniper burns for safety. This smoldering fire is lit whenever a member of Team Discovery is on the mountain. At 5:30 AM, Hector also heads for Camp Two with Ben and Shaunna hot on his heels. Ben has split the team in two. Hector and Andrew will go for the summit as soon as possible. Ben and Shaunna will wait for the crowds to thin out. They'll try to summit in a week. Ben is climbing to Camp Two this morning so he can organize the expedition from there. Shaunna is going up to feel like a part of the team. Try to put two on. No, two bars, you're balancing on one. There. There, there. Better. Okay, make sure, hold it. Come on, focus. Walk it, there, there. Better. Okay, make sure, hold it. Before coming here, Ben and Shaunna dreamed of standing on the summit together. Tomorrow, they'll stand together at Camp Two waving goodbye to Andrew and Hector who will make their way towards the highest piece of land on Earth. Shaunna wants to go to the summit with them, but Ben is making her way so he can stagger his climbers and maximize his chances of getting a video camera to the top. It's hard to believe that the world's tallest mountain would have a big city problem, but this morning, there's a rush hour traffic jam on Mount Everest. 50 climbers are on the same schedule, all hoping to summit on the 15th of May. Andres Delgado is leading a commercial team in the most dramatic fashion, he's trying to summit without oxygen, a deadly proposition. - I know I'm gonna be sad if I don't make it. I'm not gonna die here. There are reasons more important to be alive right now. If I don't make it, I mean, I'm gonna give it as many tries as my strength allows me, but if I cannot make it, I'll just go home and hug my wife. Nobody thinks he's gonna be the one who's gonna die, you know? You want to think that you are able to turn back before things turn too bad, but I want to show strength here, trying, daring to dream. That's what nobody dares these days, dare to dream. Will Cross dares to dream. This diabetic wants to climb the highest mountain on every continent and get to both North and South Poles on foot. So far, he's skied to both Poles and has summited four of the seven mountains. Everest will be the next notch in his climbing harness. If he can make it. - The only thing I question with Will is whether he'll be able to sustain the breakdown that happens, and certainly once you get above Camp Two and into Camp Three, the breakdown can be violent on the body, and I don't know if his affliction will actually not allow his body to recover quick enough or that the breakdown will be that much more violent with him than it would be with somebody else. On her final day at Camp Two, Annabelle Bond is reevaluating her needs. Vanity carries a lot of weight for Annabelle, so she must ask herself, is she really dying to be seen in lipstick. - I was too heavy on my backpack, that's something I confess, I was wrong. And I had to give some of my clothes from pack to Andrónico to carry, and I always see this as a sense of failure, because I always think you should carry your own stuff, that's part of my deal. I always sneak in a couple of creams, my lipstick, and I know I shouldn't, so I always feel like I should take my own stuff. And Andrónico carried a few of my clothes, my water, and we got to Camp Two in like four hours, which is really slow from Camp One. And miraculously, I felt a lot better when I got to camp, so I don't know, I have to take a good look at whether I'm focusing properly, like, whether I've got the mental ability, which is what it takes to get to the top of Everest or whether I'm just slacking off a bit. One group that never slacks off are the sherpas, they work continuously, and they get paid well. The head climbing Sherpa will make over $9,000 U.S. while men in the kitchen will earn between $1,500 and $3,000 U.S. for their two months work. This in a country where the average income is $250 U.S. a year, this is a good job. Andrew arrives in Camp Two and radios basecamp. - Discovery, base, Discovery, base, from Andrew, Camp Two, over. A thousand vertical meters below Andrew, his call is received in Team Discovery's orange dome tent. The communications expert, Mike Swarbrick has been waiting with good news, the weather at the summit is changing. The weather on the summit of Mount Everest means basically one thing, the jet stream, where is it? If it's cutting across the summit, the weather's bad, if the jet stream avoids the summit, the weather is good. Imagine you're in a jumbo jet cruising at 8,848 meters, the height of Mount Everest. Now imagine your plane hits violent turbulence, the wind that can toss around a 747 is the same wind the climbers must deal with. On the mountain, you can't buckle up for safety, so weather reports are listened to religiously. According to the European weather service-- 15, the morning is a bit windy. It calms in the afternoon. One potential problem would be higher moisture levels up to Camp Four, higher humidities. The 16th looks great and improves, the winds improve right through to the 20th, over. - Holy moly, okay, thanks for that, Mike, that's great news. The latest forecast is better than Andrew had dared even hope for. A six day string of clear, calm days that could allow every healthy climber to summit without a problem. But that creates its own problem. Ben calls a meeting to talk about the weather and the plans of other teams. He thinks it would be safer to avoid the rush and let the other climbers summit first. Avoiding traffic jams is crucial to Ben's recipe for success. - Right from the beginning, when we had group discussions in terms of climbing strategy, it was always to push to the front edge just so that we could not be caught in the sort of, you know, the sort of-- Masses. - Yeah, the masses, the lemming march that happens. It might sound redundant, but when Team Discovery is climbing, Ben wants them to climb, he doesn't want them standing still, stuck in lineups, freezing to death. - The last thing you want to be doing is be in a position where you're in with 50 other climbers, some of which are very suspect. In 1996, a pack of slow climbers held up progress near the summit and created a bottleneck of people. When a vicious storm blew through, 16 of them died. Ben's decision is to hold Hector and Andrew back for another 24 hours. It's a tough call for him to make, but it's even tougher for Andrew to hear. - The risk there, of course, is that we could lose the good weather, the forecast said the 15th of May will be very good. If that weather then deteriorates, we could have lost our one and only summit opportunity on this expedition, which would be quite tragic. But more tragic would be to get caught up there with other teams in bad weather and have another potential '96, so we've decided to sit here for a day. It's frustrating, but it's probably the best decision. - Decisions, decisions. Will Cross is moving so slowly, he decides to abandon his plan of climbing to Camp Two, choosing instead to stop at Camp One. After living with diabetes for 25 years and climbing seriously for eight, Will knows the limits of his body. - See, now the sun's up, so the heat creates the Khumbu oven. We're actually just gonna stay at One rather than get melted by the heat and what the Swiss call, I think, the Valley of Silence or the Khumbu waktu, Camp Two. Going up slowly, never a bad idea. Everest may seem like a whole other world, but it's not. This is part of the Earth we all inhabit. Will is going to be reminded of that the next time he goes down to basecamp. His wife is on her way there. She'll be waiting for him. Rising with the sun, Annabelle Bond is on pins and needles as she hugs her team manager, Rodrigo. This is it, she's headed for the summit of Mount Everest. Will she live, will she die? All she knows is that her plan tonight is to camp just below the 8,000 meter mark. Tomorrow, if all goes well, she'll climb to the highest point of land on the planet. - That was sort of an emotional departure, saying goodbye to Rodrigo and Pipe. It really feels like we're going for it. And there's a lot of people going up today, there's about 30 people ahead of us. I'm feeling good, just a little teary. But I'm sure I'll recover soon, I hope so as the pain kicks in. Team Discovery enjoys the luxury of sleeping in. Today is not a climbing day for them. Andrew and Hector will head for the summit tomorrow while Ben and Shaunna will remain in their cocoon until some time after May 20th. Shaunna reveals what it's like to climb with your lover. - It's very nice. Yeah? - It makes the journey much more enjoyable and much more warm. - If they succeed, Ben and Shaunna will be the first Canadian couple to make it to the summit of Everest together. - Yeah, it is, it's a double edged sword though, because on one hand, yeah, you get all the benefits of having somebody share your sleeping bag and your warmth and all that stuff. The flip side to it is, you also end up thinking about that person a lot more, especially up on the mountain. - If anything were to happen to me, I know that he would be right there to help me out, and vice versa. If anything ever happened to him, I would do everything in my power to help him out, so it gives me a lot of confidence. - That's such a right, such a good answer. Such the right thing to say? - Well, it's true. Even though all the weather forecasts said that Mount Everest would be calm for the next six days, the wind is slicing through the Western Cwm, the valley Will is headed through on his way to Camp Two. For the climbers headed to Camp Three, this strong wind could shatter their dreams. Getting turned around by weather during the final summit push often means defeat. - You got about 50 people in place right now who are gunning for the summit, meaning there's high anxiety, a lot of physical output, and of course there's a lot of money on the line for a lot of people. And what it comes down to is high winds. Mother nature taking control, as she does and will. And different teams and their strategists now have to make decisions in terms of, can they get their guys to the summit and back fast enough, is it even worth going up to Camp Three, are you gonna get stalled at 24,000 feet and just exhaust your oxygen supply and your climbers themselves? So, what you tend to have right now is, a lot of concern about the weather and a lot of concern about what other people are gonna do, who's gonna go for the summit when. At sea level, Annabelle is capable of running back to back marathons, but this is not sea level. Halfway up the Lhotse face at 7,000 meters altitude, she is more fatigued than she's ever been in her life. The air pressure up here is just 40% of what it is in London, England. Meaning, at this altitude, Annabelle must take two and a half breaths for every one she'd take at home. Even resting, her heart beats twice a second. To make the situation more dire, Annabelle's hands are still recovering from a recent case of frostbite. The circulation in her digits are so weak that she's losing her grip. If she's not careful, she'll lose her fingers. If she's not lucky, she'll lose her life. Dear. Clap clap. - Real cold Thank you. Thanks, that's better. What hurts? - Everything. Yeah, okay, good. - It's taking a while just to catch my breath. My hands are cold and I just feel like taking a breather. I hate having all these people behind me on the line. I really feel pushed to just go fast. But Annabelle can't go fast, in fact, she can't go at all. She's unable to move her ascender. It's exhausting trying to work your equipment with these gloves. Annabelle doesn't want to be a burden on her team, she wants to be self-sufficient, but she's losing dexterity in her fingers. As a climber, this is where she needs to make a responsible decision. Is it safe for her to keep climbing up or should she bow out. Thanks. Thank you. She accepts the help from her guide and prepares to head stubbornly up the mountain. Armchair critics say that communal safety lines have made climbing Mount Everest too easy. They should come here and say that. Mount Everest is studded with haunting reminders that human beings really shouldn't be here. As Annabelle enters Camp Three, she arrives at the shredded tents that belonged to a past team. These flapping yellow flags were supposed to be their shelter. It's not a comforting sight. After eight hours of climbing, Annabelle can see her tent, but she wants to lie down and rest right here. It's one hell of a mountain. It's one tough challenge is how I would put it. You can glance up at the Lhotse face and think, my god, can I do that? But I think if you just resort to that one step at a time and just take it slowly, I think it's, you know, if you feel good and the weather's okay, I think it's doable. In the Western Cwm, the strong wind is getting stronger. Will Cross is concerned about the gusting conditions, but he's even more concerned about his less than stellar performance. - No energy and no tank. Which I don't recommend. Because it hurts. With the Lhotse face looming in front of him, Will shuffles toward Camp Two. Already there, Andrew and Hector giddily prepare their bags. Tomorrow they'll continue their summit bid by heading for Camp Three. It's the morning of May 14th, a perfect day for climbing Everest. At Camp Two, Andrew and Hector are making the final preparations for their big push up the mountain. - Just packing up the gear. Just about everything that we have here at Camp Two needs to come with us to Camp Three, so that's our sleeping bags, our down suits, a mid layer of clothing, our eating equipment, water bottles, camera gear, all the big, heavy mitts, sunscreen, it's gonna be quite a load. We'll end up carrying, not too much, but probably about 15 kilos. Whilst this extra day at Camp Two was pretty much forced on us by circumstance, I think it's working very much in our favor. The weather forecast for the 16th was great. It gave us an extra day to recover at Camp two after our climb up from basecamp. And I feel strong, I feel super psyched and ready to go, so I think it's really good, I'm happy to get on with it. Shaunna wants to go with Hector and Andrew, but Ben has made his decision and he sticks by his guns. He and Shaunna will wait to climb sometime after May 20th when the crowd thins out. - My shots waiting, but I'm actually super excited for the boys, I have complete confidence in them, I think they're gonna do a fantastic job. I don't think anything's gonna stop them except maybe, you know, the weather or something that's out of their control, but I think everything that's within their control, they're not gonna have a problem at all. There's a joke that goes, climbing Everest is 50% physical and 90% mental. Hector understands, his mind has been playing tricks on him. - I was a little down, honestly. That's sometimes the problem of not doing nothing for a day up here, that you're like emotional energy just goes down. But once you know you gotta move, then it comes back. Andrew and Hector plan on climbing to Camp Three today. Tomorrow morning, they head to Camp Four, then in the middle of the night, they'll steal the summit. - My pleasure, guys. This is your story, go tell it. - We will. Thanks for all the support. - My pleasure, man. - We'll see you, Shaunna. - Thanks, see you in a few days. - Talk to you soon. - Okay. - There's an element there of excitement to watch them go up and get it done. It's always an exciting time, always, always, always. A thousand meters above Ben, Annabelle has on her oxygen mask and glacier glasses. Underneath that, she on mascara, all the essentials for a Bond girl headed for the summit of Mount Everest. This is a proud moment for Annabelle. Her impossible dream is actually within reach. - It makes all the difference, I mean the oxygen. I'll take it off to talk whenever we take a break, but it's enabled me to have a great night sleep. We'll see how we do today. Yeah, I'm nervous, but I think that's only natural when you've got a climb like Everest ahead. But I'm feeling good here and, you know, just gonna give it my best shot. Andres is leading his team out of Camp Two. The members carry oxygen as a precaution, but they still don't intend on using it. - What an incredible day for going up the Lhotse face. Beautiful, sunshine, not too much wind, not too cold, and feeling on top of it. Can't ask for much more. This is great, glad that we're here together. Together is the operative word today. Almost 50 climbers have begun their final push for the summit. Their lineup on the steep trail looks stagnant, but it's not. Climbers are able to fall into a rhythm with only themselves and the mountain in their focus. As 50 climbers head for the summit, one heads down. Shaunna Burke feels ready to climb, but her boyfriend, the expedition leader, Ben Webster, is sending her back to basecamp so she can rest before her summit attempt, which will hopefully happen sometime next week. Emotions and mountain climbing are a dangerous combination, that's why you don't see many couples up here. - For someone I care about a great deal, very hard decision, and as she was crying in the tent with me saying to her, you know, at the end of the day, it's my call. - I was very, very disappointed. I felt super strong at the time, I knew I was ready, the weather was great, and I know that when you're in the mountains, your opportunity to summit can be very minimal. - By sending Shaunna down and me having to be up here to manage the summit pushes, I probably won't be able to get down for a few more days if I get down at all, depending on when the weather comes in for the next push. Very difficult, you can feel your energy draining everyday when you're sitting up here, and not the best place to be. And then the knowledge that at some point, hopefully in the near future, I'll have to go high on the mountain and go to at least 8,000 meters, and that is a hard process for me right now, because I do feel drained. Ben is having second thoughts about going for the summit. He's been there before, he knows the pain. At the 7,600 meter mark on Mount Everest, there is a distinctive seam of pure marble called the Yellow Band. Incredibly, this area is full of marine fossils, meaning this piece of Earth was once underwater. Annabelle would marvel at that irony, but she has bigger fish to fry. She has to figure out which one of these ropes is this year's safety line. If she clips into the wrong one, it could easily snap. Climbing up the Yellow Band is a hard way to have fun. The pointy steel crampons the climbers have attached to their boots are designed for ice. On marble, they're worse than skates on concrete. Even with bottled oxygen, breathing rates at this altitude are so accelerated, climbers sound like they're constantly panicking. If Andrónico falls during the act of detaching and reattaching his safety line, his vertical drop will be uninterrupted for a full kilometer. Maybe he is panicking. Down on the Lhotse face, the conditions for Andrew are not much safer. - Half the oxygen means my brain is only getting half the oxygen of all. Any mistake on the ropes is going to be fatal. So when I change over, when I come to a knot like this, I have to remember, first carabiner, then the ascender. If I do it the other way, I'm going to come unstuck and take a big fall to the bottom like so many other climbers have done on this face over the years. We're very, very close to our tents at Camp Three, and I'm glad because although it's been a beautiful day, not too cold. The climbing's been fairly tough, and I'm getting very tired, I can feel it in myself. Back at advanced basecamp, things are a little more relaxed. - Camp Two, this is Camp Three, do you copy, over? Hi, Hector, how are you buddy? I heard you're in Camp Three, well done, over. - Yeah, we just walked into camp a minute ago. And we're doing great. - Here's the, here's the situation, bud, I don't know if your radio's been on so you can hear this, but here is an update. Lama and the Chileans just reached the call maybe 15 minutes ago, 10 minutes ago, and it's just pounding in there. - It's freezing, I also want to get some sleep before we leave at 10:00 o'clock tonight to try and summit. We're actually waking up at 8:00. I can see the lack of oxygen in the air. I'm very happy to be here, and I'm scared about what tomorrow entails. Anyway, tomorrow's going to be one tough day, who knows what's gonna happen. I don't even know if I'm doing it. Anyway, that's it for the South Call. I'm gonna put my mask on. The South Call, Camp Four, the death zone. The place where Annabelle is right now is called many things, none of them nice. Annabelle is dying right now. Everyone at this altitude is. They need rest. The team will sleep, if that's possible, for six hours, then they'll head for the history books. The summit of Mount Everest is Annabelle's next order of business. Camp Three? - Camp Three. Good to be here. The peak of Mount Everest is within sight. Team Discovery's professional climbers are in Camp Three, elevation 7,500 meters. Just staying alive up here is hard work. - We need to start melting snow right away. For that, we need a stove and propane, to drink as much as possible. Sometimes up here, you don't realize it, but you, by the minute, you're just losing water, you're dehydrating because you breathe much harder, and just from breathing, you lose a lot of water, so that's what's next. Melt snow, prepare drinks, and just drink a lot. - I'm collecting snow for the drinking water, probably before we go tomorrow morning to Camp Four, we'll have to do this two or three more times to get enough water to drink and to eat tonight. I'm doing it now while it's warm. Hector can do it later when it's cold. As a murderous wind rips through the Buddhist prayer flags of Camp Four, Annabelle sits in her tent, defying the skeptics. - So here we are, the eve before one of the biggest days of my life. Yeah, I'm a little teary, I'm nervous, I really want to do it, I know it's gonna be hell, it's gonna be pushing through a pain barrier, which I don't think I've ever done before. I need to get some sleep before I put in this huge exertion, we're thinking it's gonna be 18 hours if we're lucky, and yeah, wish me luck, that's all I have to say. Wish all of our team luck. I guess we're feeling the best we can. My headaches getting worse as I carry on talking to you, I haven't washed my hair in days, being a girl, that's important. And yeah, I don't want to spend too much time on the South Call, it's an altitude record for me, we're at 8,000 meters. I'm cheating a little bit because I'm on oxygen, but it's definitely a new high. And if I get no further than this, I've done my best. Mount Everest can be a lonely place. Shaunna is by herself at basecamp wondering what will happen to her dream. Ben is at Camp Two stressing over details he often can't control. And Andrew is at Camp Three dreaming of a meal he can't have. As the sun drops over the Khumbu Valley, former climbing partners, Andres and Hector share a moment of beauty and peace. For elite mountaineers, this loneliness is heaven. It's a great day to be alive. On the next episode of Ultimate Survival: Everest, Annabelle Bond goes for the summit. - That frantic screaming is because I'm about to run out of oxygen, and I really don't want that to happen. Without oxygen, Andres Delgado suffers intensely. And Ben must reevaluate his own ambition. - I'm struggling. It feels like I'm gonna vomit most of the time, which is never fun. I'm just really suffering. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 