Ultimate Survival: Everest: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Survival: Everest 
 s1e3 - The Mountain Decides - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Survival: Everest (2004–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Mountain Decides - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On the last episode Everest, Team Discovery felt the wrath of the world's tallest mountain. Expedition leader, Ben Webster, along with his girlfriend, Shaunna Burke tried climbing to Camp Three, but were turned around by bad weather. - Very good decision to retreat when we did. Professional climber Andrew Lock made it to Camp Three, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 while fellow hired gun Hector Ponce de Leon went even higher to an altitude of 7,400 meters, securing safety lines with Discovery's head Sherpas. On that day, Hector, Lhapka Gelu, and Migma Sherpa were the highest climbers on the mountain. - You can start seeing the altitude, I think, yeah? Yeah, I think, yeah. Team Discovery is acclimatizing well. Now everyone is back at Camp Two and is excited to be among the first team who's ready to make their push for the summit. All they have to do now is head back down to base camp and rest for a week. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How hard could that be? Like all of the great arts, climbing Mount Everest requires impeccable timing. To summit, you must take your cues from the mountain and from other teams. The two month climbing season is so short and is so popular, that human traffic jams inevitably occur. Ben is trying to avoid getting his team stuck in a line-up freezing to death. By arriving early and acclimatizing quickly, he's maneuvered Discovery into the front of the pack. Ben's plan is to head for the summit before any of the other 19 teams can get in his way. - Lots of slack please! If we can be ahead of the curve and not be around a lot of these other teams that will be slower in getting into position, and if we're lucky with an early window, we can get in and out before all the trouble potentially can start. On Everest, crowds can be deadly. On the mountain's most tragic day, May 10th 1996, 16 members of commercial expeditions died after waiting too long at the Hillary Step, tantalizingly close to the summit. - If we can get up there early and try to summit early, it reduces the chances of being caught in a bottleneck with those commercial expeditions, such as happened in '96 where you have a lot of slow and inexperienced people that have to be shepherded with large numbers of Sherpas up the mountain. And that bottleneck occurs mostly around the Hillary Step, but it can occur basically anywhere on the mountain. If we can avoid that, then I think the effort expenditure is worthwhile. Leaving early on minimal rest means that every minute of relaxation time is precious. But today's rest of Camp Two doesn't seem like it's going to be very peaceful. - The wind right now is blowing pretty hard. It started like and hour ago, and it doesn't look like it's going to stop. This might mean we will get snow again this afternoon or this evening. Let's hope it stops. Well you can see and hear how it moves the tent and how it wouldn't let us leave because it blows all through the night. Tonight, Hector will have a hard time sleeping, partly from the wind, partly from lack of oxygen, but mostly because a friend of his has lost radio contact high up in the mountain. The missing friend is Hector's old climbing partner, Andreas Delgado. Worrying about Andreas is a familiar feeling for Hector. - Last evening, I went up to the Mexican camp. I found out that Andreas and a friend of his had this plan of going up to close to 8,000 meters or even above the start of the Lhotse corridor. All throughout the night, the wind was blowing really hard, even down here at Camp Two could feel it too. I really can't imagine what it's like up there at Camp Three or above. So, I really hope Andreas didn't do what he said he was going to do, but there still hasn't been any news from them. This morning I've been looking at the Lhotse face trying to spot people, and I haven't still seen anyone. Hector worries that he may have to rescue the missing Mexican climbers. Andreas, who was attempting to summit without oxygen, is a risk-taker. Hector knows; he's saved Andreas' life before. Hector is practically holding a vigil waiting for the missing Mexicans. Why isn't Andreas answering his radio? Is he in a crevasse? Is he in a coma? Hector looks up at the Lhotse face trying to will his two countrymen to appear. They don't. During his climbing career, Andrew has saved lives too. He makes sure the camp is prepared for any circumstance. - The trouble with the build-up of snow is that as it melts and then refreezes, we'll get a build-up of ice around the bottom of the tent, which makes it very hard for the tent, for us to pull the tent out of the ground when we want to pack it up and go away. And of course, as the snow melts, we get a water build-up which runs under the floor of the tent and slowly makes its way into the tent. It's that hardening snow and ice that you have to be really careful of, otherwise the tent will be destroyed as well as being flooded. Back at his vigil, Hector sees hope. - I can confirm that there's two climbers coming down from Camp Three. They're going to have to be really, really careful because this is not the kind of conditions in which I would want to come down in, you know, strong winds. It makes things harder, as I said, and the Lhotse face is the kind of face where you cannot commit not even one small mistake. When he was last heard from, Andreas was headed up to Camp Four, an area also called the South Call. - I didn't get onto the Call because it started, the wind, and one of my feet was very cold. So I decided to turn back, and with this I think my decision was set. Andreas is climbing without oxygen and without medication. He wants to feel every ache and pain. My head was clear. My breathing was standard at that altitude. I was not suffering from aerobic capacity. I was just weak. Weak from fighting the wind, weak from having diarrhea two days ago, weak from the altitude as well. For me it's a challenge, you know, that kind of challenge, a personal challenge. Three hours after they're first spotted, Andreas and his climbing partner Alejandro arrive safely back at Camp Two. They expect congratulations, but Hector lets Andreas know that he's not impressed. - I just talked with Jose Luis, your base camp manager. He was very worried because there were rumors of one of you lost above Camp Three. You know how it goes. Just talk with him, and let him know everyone's fine. Camp call? - I don't know, you know how it goes. Hector stopped climbing with Andreas because it simply became too dangerous. - Andreas and I went through some very, very difficult experiences together. Back in Everest in '96, up high on the mountain, he tried for the summit on that famous May 10th from the North Side, and he almost couldn't make it back to camp after he was hit by the storm. And then he couldn't. He was so weak from exposure to those elements that he couldn't come down, and I went from base camp to that camp where he was at. - He decided to save me, and go ahead and ask him. As I recall he said, "I wouldn't "forgive myself for my own inquisitive judgment "if I didn't give Andreas the opportunity to leave." That's the only guy I can for sure say he would risk his life to save somebody. - I went from base camp to that camp where he was at. You know, pretty much unconscious, and helped him come down. It was, I can remember, a very tough two days in which Andreas was so tired he only managed to take a step, and he had to sit down, you know. - I tried till my last drop of sweat came out of me. - I short roped him and helped him down. - You don't know mountaineering until you're there, until you're in a problem up there. - We've been together for a lot of these experiences, very intense you know. South face of Shishapangma is an example. Things got out of control, and we spent like eight days up high instead of the four we plan on. Three of those eight days without any water, any food. We barely made it down. Shishapangma is the 14th highest mountain in the world. While descending it barely alive, Hector fell into a deep crevasse. Instead of helping his partner, Andreas packed up and left. - Hector was way behind, and he fell into one of those crevasses, and he spent the night there. I remember at some point just looking back and watching for Hector at the dusk. And I was like, "Man, this is gonna be terrible." Because it's a live or die situation, and again I don't have strength to go back and help him, but I don't know if I'm going to see him again, you know? Against all odds, Hector survived the night and climbed out of the crevasse. He staggered back down to camp fueled only by the will to live. - At some point you say, "I hope he's okay, but "there's nothing I can do for him now." And when I saw his red suit in the morning, I was like, "Thank God." Because if he had died at that point I would feel guilty all my life. - There were also other things, you know, that from my point of view were unacceptable, were the kind of things you don't do to a friend and to a climbing partner, you know. - I believe I'm not aware of what I'm deciding up there. - I just decided the rewards to climbing with Andreas were not more than, you know, a kind of inner conflict. - Don't judge till you get up there and live something similar. - What I won't do is, for instance, go together on an expedition with him. Team Discovery is headed back down to base camp so they can rest up and prepare for their summit push. British socialite, Annabelle Bond, and the Chilean team she is part of are headed back down the base camp as well, but Annabelle has a problem underfoot. The brand new boots she's wearing are three sizes too big. To summit Mount Everest, you need to be on top of thousands of details. Getting even one thing wrong can be the death of you. Mount Everest base camp is the highest inhabited point on Earth. It's a small, but vibrant, multicultural mountain village. For the climbers who live here for two months, life at base camp unwinds at a lackadaisical pace. People play cards, throw dice, read magazines, eat carbohydrates, sleep, wake up-- and do it all over again. - I slept well. - So my tent's here. This is all our equipment stored in these barrels outside. Just to keep the tents pretty free. As you you can see, we're on this kind of like moraine glacier. It's kind of dangerous. I mean, half the time there's ice underneath the rocks so you're kind of like sliding all over the place. All through the night, you can hear the glacier moving, creaking. Avalanches aside, we've actually developed a rather dangerous crevasse on the way to the loo. So you have to be exceptionally vigilant otherwise, how embarrassing falling at base camp on your way to the loo. - This is our most important delicatessen at base camp: pure ground coffee. - Yeah, I mean, you get used to it really. I guess all the luxuries that you're used to after a few weeks, you just become... You don't take them for granted anymore. I mean, I can't remember what a loo seat's like. Okay, guys, I'll let her know. It's up to Camp Four after the summit. Technologically speaking though, base camp is as up-to-date as anywhere on Earth. - Not 200,000 feet. 20,000 feet! Satellite phones abound, internet is everywhere, and fancy gadgets help stave off boredom. - I've got a little power source here. Charge the phone, charge the music so there's always communication and entertainment. If the forecast is good, Team Discovery's climbing Sherpas are scheduled to head up the mountain tomorrow to establish the high altitude camps. That means a lot of heavy lifting. Ironically, these cumbersome crates contain only a few grams of supplies. It's oxygen, three full bottles for every climber. The gas may be light, but the steel tanks weigh eight kilos each, half the acceptable load for the climbing Sherpas, who will be stashing them at Camps 3 and 4. - We have more than a hundred oxygen bottles. 60 fresh new oxygen bottles came from Russia. Unfortunately, among more than a hundred oxygen bottle, we got, we find out one empty bottles. The Westerners on Team Discovery are due to leave for their summit push in three days. It's down to the nitty gritty now. - I usually find that there's so much dirt in these things. It takes three good washes to get it out, and then a good three rinses to get the soap out. Andrew is used to doing his own laundry. Single and 40, this former Australian police officer spends almost half of every year in the mountains working as a paid guide. Andrew's love of climbing began 19 years ago. In a Sidney pub, he saw a slideshow given by the first Australian to ever summit Mount Everest. Andrew was instantly hooked. - I climb for two reasons, and I think this is lost by a lot of people who come here, but I climb for the challenge that I can set myself to see what I can do on the mountains, to push myself to my limits, but also because I think this is absolutely the most stunning environment in the world. It's nature in all her magnificence, and there's nowhere I'd rather be. Andrew may look like he's doing his laundry all by himself, but like everything on Everest, this is a team effort. - Getting the water is a hassle, because it's the kitchen staff who have to go out to the glacial stream to collect the water. It's hard work for them traipsing back and forth to collect the water for the kitchen and also for the washroom. And if I take a shower later on in the little shower tent there, that's more water again. So I tend not to do it terribly often, but obviously I gotta do it sometimes. Even eating at base camp is a chore. Climbers appetites are diminished, but their need for food is increased. At this altitude, humans burn three times as many calories as they do at sea level. To keep them going, the Sherpas eat local fare. For protein, they rely on yak meat. They eat it raw, and they fry it up. Tea is the beverage of choice on Everest. Every morning it's served in bed, and all day long it boils in the mess tent. The Westerners aren't very adventurous when it comes to food eating mostly packaged products from home. - Funny thing is with altitude is that no matter how many times you've been to altitude before, your tastes change. So what was really nice last time may not be at all appetizing this time, and so we really have to cover the range of tastes. While climbing, junk food is the king of the hill. - Bars. Almost every day, yaks come up with supplies. In today's shipment of goods are Annabelle's new high-altitude boots. To ascend steep slopes, climbers have to kick into the ice using steel spikes called crampons that are attached to the souls of their boots. This toe-kicking technique is called front-pointing. Annabelle couldn't front-point properly in her old boots because they were too big. - Yeah. They were a little bit big, but in the shop when you're walking around it's not quite like being on the icefall. So, I bought them, and on the icefall when I'm like going uphill, my heels come right out the back. I mean, the boot, it looks like I've got a disconnected leg or something, and I can't front-point on the Lhotse face. So, it's just... So I made an urgent phone call to the States. I mean, it's just amazing that these things can show up here. I just saw a porter going past with Miller, and I was like, "Stop!" Yeah, this is my proper shoe size. The other one was three sizes too big, although these feel narrower than my other ones. It feels much better, but I now have to put the other inner sole in. In three days, Team Discovery will be ready to go for the summit. But will the summit be ready for them? Andrew Lock is one the weathermen on Team Discovery. Every day, he checks the internet for the local forecast. Information comes from weather offices in Nepal, Sweden, and London, England. Today, the websites are unanimous. The weather at the summit is deadly. - So, since we came down from Camp Two, we had our camps in place, and we're well enough acclimatized to make a summit attempt, but we're obliged to wait for suitable weather before we can go to the top, and also before the Sherpas can climb up to Camp Four, and actually get some of our equipment up to Camp Four, before the summit attempt. And then the whole time, we've have very high winds, some precipitation, but that hasn't been the problem, it's the high winds. We're getting winds of up to 100 kilometers or more on the summit. And what we're really hanging out for now is the good weather spell which will let us go up and steal the summit in the brief time that the jet stream moves away from the summit of Mount Everest as it usually does each season. The jet stream is a narrow current of viciously strong westerly wind that encircles the globe at high altitude. The strongest winds aren't over us, but the tide of the jet stream is. And that's enough to stop us. Will Cross, the diabetic high school principle from Pittsburgh, is also at base camp resting up for his summit push. - Well, the game plan now is to rest for about a week, to follow the weather closely. There are a number of weather sources. Really, over the next week we wanna try and understand who's got the best sense of weather at which altitude. And then, probably in about a week, start moving up the mountain, and hopefully be in place when that clear zero wind window comes for the summit. The lead that Ben had on the other teams is evaporating quickly. Every day that he is forced to wait means another two or three teams catch up with him. To make sure he steers clear of the impending traffic jams, Ben now has to work with the very climbers he was trying to avoid. - Maybe getting a bunch of teams to put resources, whether it be manpower, ropes, whatever, to break the trail on the 13th so that then we know, at least to the balcony, hopefully higher, its ready to go. - And definitely we would love to try to move together. - Well, we were sort of counting on discovery, I mean, you guys were part of the plan anyway in terms of looking for a four- or five-team deal. It's going to be congested. Half of the 19 teams are now fully acclimatized. That means over 50 climbers are ready to head up as soon as the window of opportunity opens, if it opens. - We don't dictate to the mountain. The mountain dictates to us. So, if you have your plan, you say, you know, "I'm sticking to my plan," mountain will have other ideas, and you'll be blown. So teams wait. And wait. And wait. And wait. The weather at the summit is still deadly, but the forecasts say the window of opportunity will open in four days. Now, almost every team on the mountain is ready to go for the summit. Ben doesn't like the thought of his entire group getting caught up in the stampede. So to satisfy the needs of the project, and to maximize his chances of getting a video camera to the top, he makes a new plan and calls a team meeting. - The word I'm hearing here is that they're prepared to go on this first window. Nobody's gonna wait. From lesser teams-- Ben decides to break Team Discovery into two groups. Hector and Andrew will leave as planned when the first window opens. But Ben and Shaunna will now wait a week to climb in the second window after the crowds have thinned out. Waiting until after May 20th is a risky proposition. The weather could be perfect, or the monsoon season could start early, wiping out any chance of a summit. - Like I'm saying, that yeah it sounds good, and you're pretty much assured in the 20s, but the only reason everybody's gonna be pushing on this first window, is because it's a window. And you climb when you have a window. If you purposely stand down off of a window, you're rolling the dice. It's Vegas at that point. Everest is a high risk poker game, where the stakes are people's lives. Shaunna struggles with the hand that she's been dealt. - Gonna have to put Shaunna on the spot. This is where Shaunna's gotta jump in, and just voice exactly how you feel, because what's being tabled here is taking a guaranteed shot to a maybe shot. And how do you feel about that? - Well, from the project standpoint, I do see it's a very valid point. From a selfish standpoint, no. I would rather go when I first see the first window, and go, and you know, see if I do have a chance. But that maybe-- - For 12 months, Shaunna has trained for this moment. Being held back now when she's healthy and ready to push for the summit is the biggest obstacle she's faced so far. - I don't know how to deal with it. I feel like I'm waiting. What is gonna happen to me. And every day that we sit here, it's sits on me. Right now, every team is discussing the role that oxygen will play in their adventure on Mount Everest. How much O2 do they have, when will they use it, and where will they hide it? Believe it or not, oxygen theft is rampant at high altitude. Climbing teams stash their gas, and then hope it's still there when they go back for it. Lhapka Gelu and the Discovery Sherpas are headed up with the last of the team's bottled oxygen. Everest was first conquered in 1953 with supplemental oxygen. No climber made it to the top without oxygen until 1978. Today, climbing without oxygen is still very rare. So rare and risky that on Everest, climbers usually frown upon those who go without. Andrew knows the pros and cons. - What I've found in the past is that using oxygen allows me to recover faster, so, for a given distance or a given height that I climb, 10 minutes, 20 minutes, whatever, when I stop to rest, I can start again faster, or recover faster. They're the pros. The cons are that if you run out of gas while you're climbing it, or climbing with it, you're going to be in a much worse position than when you started off, or than if you haven't even used it. Because you're likely, not definitely, but likely to suffer quite severe hypoxia from that sudden cutoff. Hypoxia is simply a lack of oxygen to body tissue, including the brain. When hypoxia happens, a variety of disasters can occur: from simple queasiness and confusion, to brain damage and death. Everest's peak is at an altitude of almost nine kilometers. Oxygen levels that high are only 30% what they are at sea level. The air is so thin, helicopters can't fly and climbers can barely think. It's the goal of Andreas and his team of Mexican and Quebecois climbers to go for the summit without oxygen. But after a recent fiasco at Camp Three, Andreas is scrambling to keep control. A mutiny is brewing. - There was not enough rope, there were not enough anchors-- - Hey, Thomas. - Flat. - We are throwing the dice on something really difficult, which is trying to climb Everest without oxygen, and on the other hand, we're making some mistakes which shouldn't be done. Some of the mistakes Andreas refers to happened at the 7400-meter mark, a place where Sherpas refuse to sleep. Up there to spend the night with Andreas was Richard and Martan, who are both doctors from Quebec, and also Tom, a 58-year-old mountain guide from Colorado. They were in tents with faulty zippers, scared they had to make a choice: stay or go. - We didn't have enough brains to think and to look at the situation up there. When the wind started blowing that hard, I turned to Luis and said, "Get dressed. "Get your boots on, "because this is gonna go to hell. "And when it breaks, we have to start running down." None of you guys had any boots on. Okay? - Our leader said, well, later, you should have been had your boots on, be ready to move down the mountain. To me, to have the boots on and ready to move down the mountain in over 100 kilometer-an-hour wind in the middle of the night where you can't see the rope, you can't see where you're going, and conditions were lethal, that's would not have been my decision. - And next time we get up there and we have to change plans, let's rely, either on experience, or on habit. And, if neither of those work? - The best thing is to pray. Pray, man. While Andreas relies on prayers, Team Discovery relies on experience and supplies. Before coming to Everest, Shaunna had never been above 7,000 meters. She's never used oxygen, so Andrew explains the ins and outs of breathing bottled gas. - There's the bottle. - 'Kay. - Read the pressure on it. Your masks attach to this black cap piece. It's just a, a bane at getting... Screw it on, let it lock. - 'Kay. - Here's your mask. - Mask, 'kay. - Flow read. You've got any where from zero up to four liters. - 'Kay. - And, it's a slow progression. .5, one liter, two liters, three liters, four liters. That's maximum. You can hear it coming through the mask now. - 'Kay. - And you see that it's flowing properly by that valve. See how it sprung up? - Yep. - Shut that down, it drops. Turn it on, it comes out. - Okay. - That's how you check... Every time you put a new bottle on, make sure that comes up when you turn her on, yeah? And we would generally climb at a flow rate of two liters a minute, and on three liter bottle like this, which is fully pressured, this one's under pressure. But one with 250 liters pressure, we'll get six climbing hours at two liters a minute. Above 8,000 meters, climbers breath out so much moisture, it can be deadly. Dehydration kills climbers, and condensation from breath can cause equipment failure. - I'll get huge icicles building up underneath this valve. From time to time, you have to break them off. And in fact, you can get icicle buildups in here, which is the oxygen intake. If you find that you're suddenly getting very tired and you don't seem to be getting any oxygen, you take off the mask, and you often find that there's ice in here, which you have to either chip away, or break off, or melt, or whatever, so that the oxygen flowing in-- - Okay, now if you wanted to talk to someone, or drink something, how long can you take it off for? - You don't have to, you can talk through the mask. - Okay. - But you have to shout. If you take it off, take it off as long as you feel good. It's quite common to take it off for some minutes at a time. We'll get to the back, and we'll be changing bottles, we'll take the mask off. We'll be talking, all that sort of stuff. Summit, if we get there, you'll definitely take it off and be chatting, and you know, all that sort of stuff, whoo hoo! Team Discovery is all business. There's no room for emotion on this expedition. Andreas, on the other hand, is driven by passion. - You know, I was writing this morning that this should be a day to celebrate. But, somewhat hit me this morning. My baby's at home without a father, and my wife as well. I miss them. And that hurts, you know. That comes when you ease off your feelings. But, it's your one more push. So, let's make them proud. That's what I was writing right now. This is when you miss them. Knowing that they won't have to climb up the mountain any time soon, Ben and Shaunna head down to a lower altitude. The oxygen-rich air down valley will help their bodies recover from the stress of acclimatization. At base camp, Hector and Andrew prepare to leave for their summit push, which is scheduled to start in two days. That means, packing all their life-saving necessities, like long polypropylene underwear, and cute good luck talismans. - Some friends gave me this as a good luck charm in 1997. And it's done me very well. I had a really epic climb in Pakistan that year. I did a solo climb and had an awful bivouac at 8,000 meters without equipment. So, it's come with me on every expedition since, and it'll be coming with me on this expedition up to the top as well, I hope. - Bart Simpson. You need the Bart Simpson? - Yeah. Picture for the summit. Shaunna wants to be climbing. The longer she waits, the more she thinks about what might happen. These structures built by the Sherpas are called chortens. They honor fallen climbers. - There's dozens of memorials here of all fallen climbers. Most are the Sherpas, but there are a few westerners mixed in. It's always a very somber moment when we walk up here with all the memorials. A healthy reminder that once you get up on the mountain, it's serious business, you know. For all the joy it can give you, it can certainly create a lot of heartache as well. At base camp, a new virus is ripping through the landscape, and it's planted itself firmly in the intestinal tract of Andrew Lock. - I don't know how long it will take to get over, or to get strong again. And that worries me for the summit attempt. But yeah, it's been a fairly miserable few days, I guess. It's not uncommon to get bugs in Nepal, but normally I can beat them fairly fast. I've been coming long enough, I've got enough resistance. This one's certainly got hold of me, and kicked me pretty hard. The weather on the summit is crystal clear. Tomorrow, Andrew's window will finally be open, and he should start climbing. Team Discovery's Sherpas will have everything ready for him. Lhapka Gelu is well on track to Summit Everest for his 11th time. Right now, he's going strong at an altitude of 7600 meters. - This place is the Yellow Band, very, very, difficult climbing. Gelu and five of his best Sherpa climbers are headed for Camp Four, also known as the South Call. Here they will drop the oxygen stash needed for Team Discovery's summit bid. Genetically, Sherpas have thicker skin, and their hemoglobin is more oxygen absorbent than that of westerners. But even Lhapka Gelu suffers at this altitude. He works through the pain, stacking the team's oxygen tanks under a mess of rocks to prevent them from being scattered in the wind. With this job done, the Sherpas head down to Camp Two where they will continue work building a radio communications tower. At base camp, the rush for the summit is getting underway. Nine teams begin their assault this morning. Amongst the brave souls is Annabelle Bond, one of only 12 women here. - It is May 11th, and we're going up for our summit attempt. I'm hoping to try the summit on the 15th of May. I'm terrified. The race is on for the summit of Mount Everest, and the human traffic jams are already beginning. - I'm really actually nervous. I've got a lot of suppressed nerves in here. I wanna go through here as few times as possible. So, I'm praying that we've got the right weather window, and we don't have to come back down to base camp unnecessarily. Anyway, there's a lot of people faring low, that's going up, getting ready for their summit push, and we're one of those people. So, fingers crossed for me. I better keep going to keep up. Gaps in the icefall used to be bridged with rope ladders. Today, about 70 aluminum ones connect the dots. Annabelle is trying to take them in stride. - I can't tell you how much I hate these ladders. I'm walking today, but I might resort to crawling a little bit later on. But, just looking down scares the hell out of me, in case it moves. Anyway. At least I'm standing up today. Although Annabelle was in the icefall a short two weeks ago, the area has changed dramatically. With the warm weather, it shifted and altered its shape becoming weaker and more unstable. It's one of the most dangerous areas to get through. It offers the first real challenge to the climbers. This is how secure this ladder is. So, I'm gonna help shake my way across. Back at base camp, Andrew is still not standing up. He's supposed to start his push for the summit tomorrow, but the prognosis from Team Discovery's doctor doesn't sound good. - That over there is Andrew's tent. Unfortunately, Andrew's been in there all day. He's had a stomach bug, which has really kind of wreaked havoc on his ability to eat and sleep. And so, we're gonna take it kind of one day at a time, and see if by tonight, or maybe tomorrow he's feeling well enough that we can start to get him moving again. On the icefall, Annabelle starts moving again. She throws around her 10-kilo backpack with hands that are tender and fragile. - Sorry about that. Have to be very careful with my hands. I've got hand warmers in. I had frostbite about four months ago, and yes my fingers are still really painful. They're actually still numb from my trip to Camp Three the other day. So, I really feel the cold. Annabelle's plan for today is to get through the icefall, climb past Camp One, and make it all the way to Camp Two, altitude 6500 meters. The nine-hour journey is a daunting prospect. It's the longest, hardest climb Annabelle has ever attempted in her life. - I guess I have to admit to myself I'm a little bit claustrophobic in there. I don't like the odds. I don't like the statistics. I don't like having these huge apartment-size seracs hanging over me. So, I like to move through fast. Okay. What can I say. I'm boiling hot. I'm exhausted. On the icefall's final ladder, Annabelle is clipped in with two safety lines. Still, it doesn't exactly feel safe. It's hard to enjoy yourself in this environment, even when you should feel thrilled. Annabelle's team is in first place, and she is in position to be the first woman to summit this year. But, is she happy? - Just torture. 10 short days ago, Team Discovery was leading the charge towards the world's tallest peak. Now, only one member is ready to go. Somehow, the tables got turned. Ben was waiting for the mountain. Now, the mountain waits for Ben. On the next episode of Ultimate Survival: Everest, Hector heads off for the summit. Team Discovery's oxygen goes missing. - Is anybody, any other Sherpas selling oxygen, we're buying. And Ben continues to hold Shaunna back. - For someone I care about a great deal, very hard decision. And as she was crying in the tent with me, saying to her, you know, at the end of the day, it's my call. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 