Ultimate Survival: Everest: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Survival: Everest 
 s1e6 - Deadly Descent - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Survival: Everest (2004–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Deadly Descent - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 On the last episode of Ultimate Survivor Everest, Team Discovery climbers Andrew Lock and Hector Ponce De Leon made it to the summit of the world's tallest mountain. - Yeehah. Just one day after British socialite Annabelle Bond and her Chilean teammates stood on the famous peak. - God, can't believe I'm here. It's amazing. While diabetic climber Will Cross was slowly heading to Camp 3, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mexican climber Andreas Delgado was suffering through his painful attempt at summiting without oxygen. But not every climber went for the top. Team Discovery leader Ben Webster stayed at Camp 2 and he sent his girlfriend, Shauna Burke, back to base camp. They're resting for their push, slated to begin in five days. There has been countless close calls this season, but mercifully, no deaths, however on Everest, most lives are lost when the exhausted climbers are descending, and so far, no summiter has made it safely back down the mountain. It's noon on May 16th. 30 climbers are inching their way back down to Camp 4, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 having made it to summit of Mount Everest earlier this morning. Passing them on the famous Hillary Step are more climbers still on their way to the peak. Most have a turnaround time of two o'clock. That means, wherever they are en route to the summit, they plan on turning around at 2 p.m. so they can make it safely back to Camp 4 before night falls or the weather turns. Team Discovery are all healthy and descending well. So far, everything is going perfectly. Just below what's called the Balcony, Andreas Delgado is alone on his quest to summit without oxygen. For a hit of energy, this married father sucks on liquid honey. Sucking on oxygen would help him more. Climbing without oxygen is almost impossible. Less than 8% of all Everest summits have been done without supplemental gas. At this rate, it'll be almost dark before Andreas sees the summit. That's too late. He's climbing into unspeakable danger. Human body parts, still swathed in Gore-Tex, frozen in time, remind climbers that if you falter, this mountain will simply destroy you. Andreas is unrelenting. Congratulations Andrew, on-- Way down at Camp 2, you can't wipe the grin off Ben's face. Having six of his team members make it the top is something he revels in. But when Hector radios down that a climber is in trouble above 8,600 meters, Ben gets right back to business. - There's an emergency high on the mountain. I just talked to Andrew. What has happened is our group, as a group descent, came across what I believe to be old Tom from the Mexican-Canadian group. He seems completely out of it. It's Tom Masterson, the 58-year old mountain guide from Colorado who's climbing without oxygen. He's become delusional and irrational. You can't go anywhere with a busted-- Andrew tries to be patient, but Tom is ranting. He has broken footwear, his safety harness hangs sadly at his knees, yet he's convinced he can make it. - Thank you, leave me alone. - If he's falling down now on his way up, he'll never come home. Stop Tom from going from climbing and help him come down. Can you do that, can you rescue him? Lac Bagaylu and Mingla fix Tom's crampon. Tom thinks it's to help him go up, he has no idea he's being rescued. Andrew has seen this kind of insanity before, it's most likely being caused by high-altitude cerebral edema, which means Tom's brain is probably so swollen, it's squeezing against itself, causing confusion and loss of motor skills. If he's unlucky, Tom could have a stroke. - I will go down, no problem. - At base camp, Tom's team member Jose Luis, has lost control of his climbers. While Tom's life is being saved, another team member is also in dire straits, having run out of oxygen. Once again, Ben informs base camp that team Discovery is dealing with the crisis. - Just below the summit, ran outta gas, and we were able to give him a bottle of gas, our team was able to give him a bottle of gas. Team Discovery has extra oxygen leftover from their summit portion. Hector prepares a spare tank with a mask and regulator before seeing off to meet Andrew and Tom. Andreas has made it to Tom's side, Tom now breathes bottled oxygen. But he's refusing a dex shot, a hypodermic needle that will alleviate his brain swelling. I think on top of the oxygen you guys are getting him, it makes sense to go ahead and give him the dexamethosone shot and the diamox, if you can get him to take it, over. Absolutely, I'll relay that up to Andrew, who's with the climber right now, and we'll get the information to him, and I'm sure he'll get back to us, over. Andreas encourages Tom not to take any drugs if he doesn't want to, Tom doesn't want to. Tom's teammate Luis has taken Andrew's last bottle of oxygen, Luis needs help to go down. Seeing his team in tatters like this, Andreas must decide which is more important, his own climb or the safety of his team. Wisely, he accepts oxygen from Hector. Andreas has correctly decided to turn around, and go down with the team. Very good decision on everybody's part. Unfortunately it wasn't that teams day today, they had a few incidents, so as it stands now, the climbers have support, they have help, but it's going to be a very long descent, and probably a very stressful descent down into the camp. Normal rules of life don't apply here. For example, what goes up Mount Everest, doesn't necessarily come down. There's a rescue technique called short roping. Climbers tie themselves together with a short rope. The stronger climber then lowers the weaker one. Tom is being short roped down by the Sherpa's, while Andrew is waiting to help another lost climber. From base camp, Jose Luis sends a message to his faltering teammates. - Just we wanted to tell them all to be brave, and we are waiting for them here, and well just be strong to come down. Andreas leads the team down, revitalized by Hector's gift of oxygen. Above him, Luis is ready to be short roped down. Everest is larger than life. This vein of marble, called the Yellow Band, is the highest fault line in the world. Will Cross is feeling the strain of climbing up the Yellow Band. He's been on his feet for four hours, and he's not done yet. - We're rock climbing at 24 and a half thousand feet, and that's exhausting, even on oxygen. So welcome, rock band. - Yeah we got about two hours to go. We had a death rock just fly by us, and the oxygen system's working really well, you can hear it pulse, and that fires the oxygen into the system. Will has climbed the highest mountain on four of the seven continents, and he has skied to both the north and the south poles. Today, he's leading the third wave of climbers headed for the summit of Mount Everest. Five teams are leaving Camp Three this morning, hoping to arrive at the peak 24 hours from now. If Will makes it to Camp Four, he will eat, take insulin, rest until just after dark, and then head for his destiny. But first, he must make his way past the Yellow Band. Annabelle and Adronico are both still higher than kites following their successful trip to the summit. It's an ecstasy that was worth every hardship. - Happy to be going down. Great lesson. - Thank you so much. You did a great job? - It was so tough. Pulling himself up and over the Geneva Spur, Will is honing in on Camp Four. It's only half an hour away now. Things are going very well for Will. He was a little nervous trying out his brand-new, untested oxygen system here, but it's getting him all the gas he needs. - It's good to be here, what a wonderful place. As Will arrives at camp, he sees exactly what he's going to be in for this evening, and he must leave in the dark. - So now we hydrate, and, I think the plan in the morning will be, to leave relatively early. I tend to move rather slowly, on purpose, got me to the pole, the reason for that is, that's what works best with the insulin. As he settles in to his tent for some last minute rest, Will hears a voice that invigorates him more than oxygen ever could. Hi Will, this is Amy at base camp, how are you honey? - Hey wifey, good to hear from ya. The climber's who've made it to the summit of Mount Everest this morning, are starting to filter back down to Camp Four. Most look worse for wear, but are stoked to be alive, with stories of epic glory. - It's been a great day so far, we summited, all of us, for sure passing the two westerners. While the Sherpa's wait for Lac Bagaylu and Mingma to return, Will Cross waits for his wife to contact him on the radio. She has trekked it to base camp to cheer him on. - Hi Will this is Amy at base camp. - Glad you made it up to base camp, how are things for you? - Things are great here but I'd like to know how your climb went today. - Sexy climbing today, it was hard, it was high, and there were rocks and ropes involved, so if you can't get turned on by that as a climber you're in the wrong game, it was a great day. - Oxygen helps and a good teammate helps, so we are hydrating and eating right now, and then looking to leave early, copy that? - What's your estimated time for departure? - We're gonna look to leave camp between 8 and 8:30PM, which is rather early, but as anyone at base camp can tell you the last 24 hours has been epic, and we're aiming to avoid that. - Copy that Will, sounds like a good plan, that'll bring you home to me a lot sooner, so I like the sounds of that. - I have a turnaround time in my mind of noon, to keep things safe and reasonable, and to put you and Max ahead of the game. - That's great babe, well I love you a lot and I can't wait to have you back down here at base camp, safe. I know you're gonna do well tomorrow, tonight and tomorrow. - Thanks Amy, it's good to hear. Love you a lot, we're standby. - Okay babe I love you so much, take it easy, I'll be with you the whole time, I'll be thinking of you, and that's it. I love you, over and out. - It's good to have your wife on the mountain, very good. Lac Bagaylu and Mingma Sherpa are back at Camp Four. They're late and drained because they helped rescue Tom Masterson. Up high, Tom was talking to people who weren't there, he was staggering like a drunk, now he seems better but he's refusing to believe he was ever in trouble. Tired but better, once you lose altitude, okay. Then, after 20 hours of climbing in the death zone, Andrew Lock comes back to camp. What a day. Hey Andrew-- He summited Mount Everest and helped save two lives. You must be wasted man, good job, you brought that guy down. Good job Andrew. - Thank you very much. Andrew is thrilled with his performance today, but he's only at Camp Four, it's too soon for celebrations. Down at Camp Two, happiness for the Chilean team is totally unrestrained. Annabelle and Andronico receive a hero's welcome from their team manager, Rodrigo. - You did it, I knew I knew I knew. - My god. - I made it, I made it. - Very well done, marvelous. - Thank you. People climb Everest so they can stare death in the face. When death stares back, it either scares the life out of them or it makes them realize everything they have to live for. Six climbers will be dead when the season ends, Andronico, will be home with his family. We are Chile! - Most people are in shock that I made it, I don't think people could believe that I've actually done it which is a nice thing, it's good to surprise people, rather than to have them expect you to do it. We are Chile! Alone in a tent, 8,000 meters above sea level, Will Cross administers himself a shot of insulin. He's exhausted, but ready to go for the summit. - Now feeling pretty good after a long day hauling up, well it's showtime, are you gonna get out there and do it, hope the weather holds, hope the oxygen holds, hope our bodies hold, and that's about it really, now we gonna do it. At 8:30 PM, Will Cross left camp four, headed for the summit of Mount Everest. It's 2:30AM now, and Will has stopped just below the balcony at an altitude of 8600 meters, his climb is suddenly, shockingly, over. Trusting an untested oxygen system has cost him everything. - Problems with the oxygen, so could've made it to the top, couldn't have made it back down, tell you that much. Keeping a promise he made to his wife to come home safely, Will sacrifices his climb, and turns around. In the morning, Hector leaves camp four headed back down to camp two, it's going to be a tougher climb than he had planned on, because yesterday, he gave away all of his remaining oxygen. I'm tired, for sure, it's not the kind of fatigue in which you feel if you're going fast or slow, you just can feel that your body has burned down to the last calorie, that's the kind of tired I am. Will Cross arrives safely back at camp four, it's painful to think, if his oxygen system hadn't failed, he would be approaching the south summit right now. Failure comes in many forms on Everest. It's what keeps this mountain so intriguing. - Yeah that's the name of the game, you win some you lose some. Didn't summit today, and that's obviously what we came to do, but it's a decision I can live with, and today it was the right one. So, there you have it. - God, what you have to go through just to get as far as he did, shows that he's got great endurance, great strength, good heart, strong mind, so I'm really proud of him. Shauna Burke is leaving base camp, headed for camp two. She hopes to be making a summit assault with her boyfriend Ben Webster in three days time. But while she's been away from him, Ben's body has weakened, and he doesn't believe he can summit anymore. - My first priority, and I don't have a problem saying it, is to get Shauna the best possible opportunity and shot, that'll be a defining thing in her life and I absolutely will go high, but I am worried about, where I'm going to be when I do go high, emotionally, mentally, and physically. When Shauna gets to camp two, Ben will break the news. He's not going to go for the summit with her. - I'm going to go up to the Col., I gave a personal commitment to Shauna that I would see her off, so I'll climb with her up to camp four at which point I'll sit with a safety Sherpa and several bottles of oxygen, in case there's a problem high on the mountain at which point then I'll be forced to climb with the Sherpa. Since they summited two days ago, Andrew and Hector have been reluctant to celebrate. Walking safely into base camp, Hector is ready for a party. When I reached the summit I never feel the kind of relief or even excitement that I feel when I'm down the ice fall, definitely if you're not here at base camp, you don't feel like, that relief, and that excitement of having summited, all of that. Tonight, the Sherpa's are partying in the kitchen tent. This beer-fueled bash is their toast to a job well done. The singing, dancing and drinking goes on strong, well into the night. Today is May 20th, after being away from his wife, Amy, for over two months, Will Cross is about to reunite with her. He's descending down through the last section of the ice fall. Will! With so many stories to tell, he doesn't know where to start. Good to see you. - It's great to see you. During his expedition to Mount Everest, Will Cross missed seeing his infant son, Max, take his first steps, and Amy Cross missed her husband. I love you. I know it was so hard. You were awesome, you did such a great job. I love you so much, thank you for coming back down to me. You've gotta be so tired. I'll take care of you. - I'm beat. - Yeah. - You look great. - That's good. I feel like dirt. - No it's okay, I just gotta get my spikes off and eat some food and take some insulin. - Yeah I brought it for you. - Okay great. Everything to do with diabetes was fine, that was not the problem, plenty of guys up there who didn't get as far as we did and who are just as tired as we are who don't have diabetes so I think in terms of that it was fine. I think the thing to do now is to go back to the drawing board, and, you know figure out what we can do differently, and give her another crack another time. Days turn into nights, and nights into days, while Shauna waits at camp two for the weather to improve enough that she can go for the summit. - At this point, all we're hearing from the weather reports is that the winds are high and that the humidity is high. It's not looking good, but I think that I'll get my chance anyway to attempt the summit. On May 23rd, her chance finally arrives. In the last six days, several climbers have died high in the mountain. Still, Shauna and Ben will climb for camp three today, and camp four tomorrow. From there, Shauna will head for the summit, without him. - Well it's gonna be a great day climbing today. Been waiting a long time for this. - Go time for everybody, alright. Shauna is still suffering from the debilitating effects of the khumbu cough. - Whenever I cough I feel cramps in my tummy, and food will often surface, which is not very fun, but-- All part of the game - All part of the game. At this stage in the game, Ben feels even weaker than Shauna. - Alright buddy, let's go do it. And we're off. Last week, Ben achieved his professional goal for this expedition; he got a series of cameras to the summit of Mount Everest. Now, he's climbing to achieve a personal goal. He wants to get his girlfriend, Shauna Burke, to the top of the world. Ben heads up the mountain. It's the first bit of real climbing he's done in over two weeks. He'd rather go home, but he's made a commitment to Shauna, that he's determined to honor. How many marriages or how many relationships are layered with masks that we hold on to, and you really never get to know who that person is that's sleeping beside you. In this case those masks will be dropped down, and it'll be raw and it'll be real and it either brings you together because you're happy with what you see in each other, or it doesn't, and shatters it. I think we'll learn a lot about each other, about our relationship, and if everything all goes well I think it'll bring us that much closer. Ben has been at 6500 meters altitude for the last two weeks. Coordinating the expedition from that high, for that long, has robbed him of his strength. Halfway up the Lhotse face, just two hours into his climb, Ben is slowing down, stalling, fading. He can't take it anymore, he has to stop. - I'm struggling, feels like I'm gonna vomit most of the time, which is never fun. I'm just really suffering, I'm really suffering today. Ben and Shauna are supposed to get to camp three today. At this rate, they'll never make it. - Alright, here's the situation. Ben knows he only has one choice. - Gimme one minute. Ben is gonna turn back. - I honestly believed that I could get to camp three, get on oxygen, and get to the Col. tomorrow to support Shauna and her bid, but I had no idea that I was this toast. I'm absolutely fried, I'm having a terrible climb. Absolutely awful effort today, never felt like this, I got nothing, I almost feel hollow in my body. I got nothing left, less than nothing. Alright guys, that's it, I'm sorry baby. I know I know I love you too. You're gonna do this, I'll talk to you on the radio, love you baby. - Good day Ben, have you here, how're you going? Over the radio, Andrew and the team learn that Ben is retreating. - So absolutely I'm descending, I'm gonna send Shauna off, I can only tell you on a personal level, I can't even begin to tell you the sorrow I feel, having made the commitment to her to get her to the Col. and be there during her push and now to realize, that I won't be because I'm not strong enough, I gotta let Shauna go on her own, which is heart-wrenching for me, but be accepting the fact that I didn't do what I had set out to do, anyway, Ben out. I'll talk to you on the radio and I'm sorry love. Ben doesn't feel like he's abandoning his climb, he feels like he's abandoning Shauna. - I'll miss him tremendously on the climb up, but I have to be strong. You do gotta be strong baby. It's your time, it's not my time, it's your time, alright? Be strong, be strong for both of us, it's your time now. - Okay. Ben comes down the mountain. Shauna goes strongly up the mountain, arriving here means that after more than a year of preparing, and training and waiting, Shauna is finally in place for her Mount Everest summit assault. Welcome to camp three. - Well, made it to camp three. This is Shauna's last gasp, climbing season closes in six days, her summit must come now, or never. It's May 24th, as Ben arrives dejectively back at base camp, Shauna is slogging her way up to camp four, with every step Shauna takes, she climbs higher than she's ever been in her life. Great new challenge, not an easy climb, the oxygen helps a lot. Even though Shauna is doing fine without him, Ben feels guilty for leaving her on the mountain. - I pouted for 20 minutes, accepted the fact that I failed, and that will leave scar tissue, and I'll have time to deal with it, with a bottle of whisky, three or six months from now. Someone from the team has to be at camp two in case something goes wrong up high. Hector volunteers to go. Shauna arrives at camp four, and discovers it's still an active village. - It's nice to see there's other teams up here. We're not alone. Shauna was told the weather up here tonight would be good, apparently no one told that to Mia Laksangma, the God of Mount Everest. It's minus 30 degrees celsius, the wind is almost gale force, and it's getting worse. Even so, Shauna must be ready to leave at 10PM, that means oxygen, hot drinks, and 10 hours of rest. - Base camp to south Col. over. From the base camp communications tent, Ben speaks with Shauna at camp four, and Hector at camp two. It's an hour before Shauna is supposed to leave for the summit, but the weather is too grim for climbing. - Hi Hector I hear you got bad weather there. We can hear the wind from, over. - Unless there's some radical change up there Hector, in the next minute or two, we're gonna shut it down for tonight, I'm gonna see if they'll stay at the Col. one day, and then I'm gonna have to do some serious hustling to get enough gas to support it tomorrow, over. To survive her extra day at camp four, Shauna and the Sherpa's have to breath bottled oxygen, but unbelievably, they awoke this morning to find their oxygen supply has been stolen. Ben is working with Keely to solve the problem. - First thing is tell them that we're gonna send Gaojun down, and then we gotta start, we need them to look for half bottles to get through today, 'cause that'll give them, on the summit push, if only Nehru, Dannero, and Shauna go up, all we need is seven bottles. And tell 'em that he needs to talk to the Sherpa's. For a margin of safety, Ben tries to get more oxygen delivered to one of the most obscure locations on earth. - I know it's tough babe but you just gotta roll with this, and believe in your heart of hearts that you're gonna get your shot, that the weather'll come good late tonight and you'll get your shot, over. Okay I'll, keep my finger's crossed. The Sherpa's sift through used oxygen bottles that have been left behind as litter, setting beside any that still contain gas. They'll use this pile today while they rest, and tonight, they'll take their remaining full bottles to the summit, if the wind dies down. At Mount Everest base camp, Ben listens in as Shauna tells Hector her summit push is being postponed, again. Camp four this is base camp, over. Yeah hi Ben, over. - I'm sorry to hear about the situation Shauna, I just heard from Guy Cotter and his people were saying the same thing, that it's high winds still up there. Give me a call in an hour and I'll give you an update on what's going on, over. Okay talk to you 7:00 over and out. - This is base camp standing by. Ben knows what Shauna's going through. Four years ago, he was stuck in the exact same spot she's trapped in now, Mount Everest death zone. At 8,000 meters, Shauna is wasting away, losing strength and literally dying. Barring a miracle, time has run out for her. Bringing 'em down, I was pretty much committed to bringing 'em down. In the morning, Ben suspects that his girlfriend won't be making it to the summit of Mount Everest, but Shauna is still clinging to her dream. How do you personally feel, over? - If I knew the winds were down tonight, I would give it a shot, but you told me they're not, so there's no point in waiting it out, over. - My concern is the fact that you've now been up there for two nights at 8,000 meters, and I start to worry that some bad things can happen. It would depend on whether we can find someone to actually stay with you as well, not just stay with you, but felt strong enough that they could get to the summit and back home, over. Ben then talks to Shauna's lead Sherpa. - Nehru I need an honest assessment now, now that you guys are up and moving, did you jack the oxygen level up a little bit, over? Yeah. - Okay I understand what you're doing, I'm asking you how you're feeling. Ben talks to Nehru, and as he does, camp four is being torn down around Shauna. Determined, she stays in her tent hoping for good news. It doesn't come. Shauna, I'm sorry to tell you, I wanna go down. Okay. We have already spent two nights here, and I have told you yesterday very frankly, the previous night will be our last try, if we could not be able to make previous night, we go down, I hope you remember. Yeah I remember. I just wanted to know maybe if Dannero wanted to stay. He wants to go. - All wants to go, yeah because you know, when we all stay, we're all good team spirits, we have been already spent two nights, all five, and when we split, feel very bad, you know, feel very bad, and even, for two Sherpa going down, the tears comes, thinking about the Sherpa's staying here. Okay. So I'm sorry Shauna. No problem. - Yeah I hope you don't mind. - Nope, that's okay. - You can understand us. So what I think, is better, our life is more important, it's better we safely get down, and today if we can, we get down best we can, if you don't mind, Shauna. - Sure. - I'm sorry. No I understand, I don't want to put anybody in danger so if that's how you feel. - Yeah I know, it makes you a little sad but I'm very sorry. - The decision is made, we're going down. Shauna feels angry. If she could've gone for the summit in the first window of opportunity, maybe, she would've made it. The way it played out, she never had a chance. - Well I have no idea what to say to her. Shauna, please be careful on the way down, and let us know when you're leaving the Col. We're on standby, and I'm just very very very sorry, over. You think you're sorry, over. Right now, Shauna is 800 vertical meters from the summit of Everest, but she's closer to her home in Ottawa than she is to the pinnacle of mountaineering. It's hard on everyone. Ben did you copy last communications? - Yeah I copy, Shauna, I copy, over. Everest, it's more than just a mountain, it's a massive philosophical question, why on earth do people risk life and limb to get here? Some climbers come for ego, some come for beauty, and some come so they can squeeze every last drop out of life. This mountain knows the world's greatest joy, and the saddest heartbreak. They say that ultimately Mount Everest is climbed for one reason, because it's there. Climbers may come and climbers may go, but Mount Everest will always be there. When this mountain ends, life goes on, so what do people do when they're done climbing Everest? When this group of climbers arrived at Mount Everest base camp 50 days ago, Ben said the expedition would be a success if everyone walked out alive. It's been a much bigger success than that. Andrew and Hector both made it to the summit, Ben produced television footage on parts of the mountain that have never been filmed before, and for one divine moment, Shauna was the highest woman on the tallest mountain in the world. These four people may never be together again, but they will always be team Discovery, conquerors of Mount Everest. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 