The Bionic Woman: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bionic Woman 
 s1e9 - Winning Is Everything - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bionic Woman (1976–1978): Season 1, Episode 9 - Winning Is Everything - full transcript 
 Jaime becomes Tim Sander's navigator during the Dash-i-Ravar international race. Her goal is to secure a cassette tape with top secret information when the race passes through Taftan, South West Asia. In this part of the world, Oscar takes on a disguise and goes by the name of 'Oscar Bartholomew'. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 RACE ANNOUNCER: We are flying over the desert racing area outside the capital city of Aku, here in the newly liberated country of Taftan. And top race drivers from all over the world are here preparing for the Dasht-I-Ravar 500-mile race to be held here in Taftan day after tomorrow. (SIRENS WAILING) OSCAR: Yes, Mr. Secretary, he barely got away after he dropped the cassette at the bar. That's right. And that's why I've sent for our bionic woman, Jaime SOMMERS. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sent for? Kidnapped is more like it. Here she is. She just walked in the door. Yes, Mr. Secretary. I'll keep you informed. Right you are. Thank you. Oscar, what is so important that one of your men has to call me out of my classroom in the middle of an algebra lesson, throw me on a plane, take me clear across the country without one word of explanation? Was that the Secretary of State? Yes, it was. And do you have your passport? Where are we going? Southwest Asia. Taftan. Oh. Taftan. I read about that yesterday in the newspaper 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that a military junta took over the country, huh? They've virtually sealed off the borders, broke off all diplomatic relations, and, yesterday afternoon, One of our diplomats there is actually an O.S.I.agent. He had on him a tape that was full of six months of top-secret information. Luckily, he dodged the military police long enough to drop off the tape at a predetermined place and hid the tape. Our job is to get it out of there before someone else does. So, how do you propose we get in there? Ever hear of the Dasht-I-Ravar International Race? That's the one in the tire commercial, isn't it? Goes across the desert? Yeah. A man and a woman will be in each car going right through the middle of the country. Oh, no. The military police and the new military government won't try to stop it because it's the year's biggest tourist attraction, and the course, just by accident, happens to run right by the town of Ariram. That's where the tape is hidden. And Jaime is gonna be in a race car in Taftan. In 14 hours. Oy? - Oy. RACE ANNOUNCER: There's only one day now before the world famous Dasht-I-Ravar 500-mile race. The leading drivers in the world will be competing in a grueling 500-mile race across an open desert course in the country of Taftan. These autos travel on this desert up to 100 miles an hour. Wait a minute, Oscar. Now we don't have to go that fast, right? (STAMMERS) 'Cause I'm not in this thing to win. Right? Oscar? Oscar? Jaime, there was something I didn't tell you on the plane. I didn't want to worry you. But we're not the only ones that know about this tape. What does that mean? We discovered a double agent working in our communication center. He found out about the tape, its location, and sold the information. To whom? I don't know. Might be more than one country involved here. But you can bet that at least one of these drivers here have got the same idea as we have. Now, I'll answer your question. I want you to win this race, but not to the finish, to that bar in Ariram. And that's why I've gotten the fastest desert car that money can buy, and I've hired Tim Sanders as your driver. I've heard of Tim Sanders. He is the best driver in the world, in my opinion. He's won four consecutive Grand Prix races, all before he reached the age of 25. He's had some bad luck in the last couple of years, so, uh, nobody will sponsor him. Oh! Oscar Goldman excepted. Oscar Bartholomew excepted. Bartholomew? (SHUSHING) I don't want anybody to recognize my name. (WHISPERING) Bartholomew. Even Tim Sanders. I mean, he's a terrific driver. But I don't want him to know this is an O.S.I.mission. Besides, I don't think the name "Goldman" would go over too well in this country. Tim Sanders? Yeah. Mr. Bartholomew? This is your navigator, Jaime SOMMERS. She navigated two races in Baja last summer. Won them both. Hi. Uh, is something wrong with my credentials? (CHUCKLES) No, no. Your credentials are just fine. Hi. How's it going here? As well as can be expected. What does that mean? (SIGHS) Well, no offense, Bartholomew, but this rig here is a turkey. OSCAR: It's the best money can buy. Maybe. But it's sure not Grand Prix. I don't know how much I can do with it. Well, isn't there some way you can fix it up? It's too late. They don't allow any modifications in the car after the inspection. It's gonna be impounded until the start of the race tomorrow. (SlGHS) Well, since there's nothing we can do here, why not go back to the hotel and have a drink, discuss strategy? Oh. Over dinner, I hope. (WHISPERS) I'm starving. I think I'd like that. (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) OSCAR: And it's very important you take the shortcut through Ariram. Look, Tim. You're crazy, Bartholomew. Stay on the main trail. One out often drivers gets through Ariram. Nobody does it anymore. Oscar? Well, I realize it's a rough road, but it's our only chance for a sure win. Now, we haven't got a fast car, have we, Tim? We can cut the time down one hour. Or get stranded on a mountainside. Jaime, you're the navigator, tell him. Well, Tim, actually, I think that Mr. Bartholomew does have a point. Two against one. So, it's settled, you'll go through Ariram. Oh, brother! Hey, listen. We've got to get some sleep. We've got a big day tomorrow. Stay for a drink? Well, I might have some coffee. Thank you. Good night, Mr. Bartholomew. Good night, Miss SOMMERS. Good night, Tim. (CLICKS TONGUE) Ariram? I think it's very romantic. (SIGHING) You know, if I weren't waiting for a Grand Prix sponsor right now, I would have told Bartholomew what he can do with that map. Oh, you're going back into racing? I didn't know that. After the crash in Indianapolis... I thought you'd retired. At my age? Oh, I may have had a slow year, but, uh, I've got a Japanese firm backing me now. Matter of fact, I'm designing my own car. Oh, that's terrific. CARLOS: Tim! Tiny Tim! Oh, no! Hey! What brings you to the desert? And who is this ravishing creature sitting here with you? Hmm? Jaime SOMMERS, my navigator. Ah, Jaime SOMMERS. And I'm here to race. To race? So finally your Japanese firm came through after all these years? I was beginning to think it was all a big lie. My name is Carlos Scappini. How do you do? You might have heard of me. What are you doing here, Scappini? A dust run like this is a little below your league, isn't it? Might get your Guccis dirty. Oh, I race where my sponsor tells me. And usually I win. I see. And now, would you come and have a drink with me? Well, thank you, but I'm with Tim. Oh, no, you are not with Tim if you come with me. I don't give up easily. (LAUGHS) I can see that. Why don't you leave us alone, Scappini? Per piacere, Jaime. Scappini! Excuse me, gentlemen. I think I'm gonna go to my room. (EXCLAIMS) I will escort you. See you tomorrow. No, no. That's quite all right. I'm fine. Thanks. Let go of her. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, Tiny Tim. Get out of my way. You drive like a woman, and you fight like a woman. Well, uh, don't push me. I said a woman and I mean la Donna. (ICE CUBES CLINKING) (EXCLAIMS) Come on, Jaime. Let him cool off. Excuse me, please. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Tim. (GRUNTS) I'll get you for this, Sanders! I will get you for this! Come on. Let's get out of here. We've got to get some rest. (CAR ENGINES REVVING) Scappini? The Italian driver? Yeah. Tim said that, uh, he doesn't usually do this kind of a race. No, he doesn't. He's the hottest driver on the Grand Prix circuit. Well, he was the coldest last night. (LAUGHING) Huh? Nothing. In any case, whoever the foreign agent is, you can be sure he's after the tape. Jaime, be careful. Once you're out on that race course, the fighting could get pretty dirty. Tim? The pit stops are all set. Gas, oil, tires, anything you need. Here's your map. Thank you. I'll see you at the finish line. Good luck, pal. There you go. What's that? Your sick bag. You'll need it. (ENGINE REVVING) RACE ANNOUNCER: And the Dutch driver, Flewning, is also a major contender here today. American driver, Tim Sanders, is trying for a comeback after his near fatal crash at Indianapolis four years ago. Our government also welcomes Le Mans winner Carlos Scappini. A late entry is the Soviet driver Alexei Kolyma. And finally, the team of Sato and Dizon from Hong Kong. All the drivers are now making final adjustment on their gear as the race is about to begin. Their engines have all been tuned to a fine pitch, their brakes and transmissions checked one last time. Our helicopter will be tracking the race overhead to give you a play-by-play description of all the action. (TIRES SCREECHING) Scappini is moving into an early lead, with the Hong Kong team close behind him. We certainly hope all the cars are in good shape. They are really going to take a beating out there on our course. And the racers are moving out of the starting area and off into the beautiful, open desert country of Taftan, which our new military government pledges to preserve unmolested, in all its natural beauty. The American team is overtaking the Soviets, but the Soviet driver Kolyma is not anxious to be passed, and is trying to nudge his way back into the lead. The American, Tim Sanders, has been run off the course! (SlGHS) This car's a dog. If those Russians hadn't been better equipped, they'd have never squeezed past me. (TIRES SCREECHING) RACE ANNOUNCER: The Americans are back in the race now. Carlos Scappini is enlarging his lead, but the team from Hong Kong is close behind. The Dutch driver, Flewning, in third place. Fourth place, the driver from Israel, Adis. In fifth place, the Greek, Disota. One hundred miles into the race. The Soviet team is moving up fast, closing Scappini's 10-minute lead as they approach the first pit stop. Oh, have you got another sick bag? RACE ANNOUNCER: The Americans, Sanders and SOMMERS, have just pulled into their first pit stop now, three minutes behind the Soviets. Where's the tires and the equipment? I don't know. They couldn't have just gotten up and walked away. How does Bartholomew expect me to win this race if the equipment's not here? I'll find them myself. (IN RUSSIAN ACCENT) Did you Americans lose something? You have a saying, "The early bird get the worm." I see you in Ariram. JAIME: Well, now we know where those tires went. (CLANKING) (LOUD WHIRRING) Well, the stuff's not here. Couldn't find it anywhere. Where did you get the tires? Who changed them? Some guys came by with the stuff and helped me put it on. I guess I would have helped you myself. Let's get gassed up and get out of here. RACE ANNOUNCER: Kolyma in eighth, Bennett in ninth. Tenth place, Sanders and SOMMERS. JAIME: What happened to the Russians? TIM: Up there. TIM: Now, we're cooking. JAIME: Tim, what is it? - Can't steer. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (METALLIC CREAKING) Tim? (CAR APPROACHING) Tim? (BEEPING) RUSSIAN WOMAN: - So much for the Americans. Faster, Ivan. Faster. (TIM MOANING) JAIME: Hey! You okay? (SIGHING) Reasonably. What happened? We hit a log and we flipped. You okay? I'm fine. It's just a good thing we didn't stay upside down. (SlGHS) It's a good thing we didn't end up dead. Steering failed. The piece of junk. Well, let's see what Bartholomew fouled up this time. You all right? Yeah. TIM: Somebody loosened the steering linkage. Pulled out the cotter pin. Well, can you fix it? Yeah. Get me the tool kit, will you? I'll get you for this, Sanders! I will get you for this! Scappini. Scappini did it! RACE ANNOUNCER: After the second checkpoint, 300 miles into the race, Scappini still leads. D'Angosto is second. Three, Flewning, Any sign of the Americans? Sanders and SOMMERS? RACE ANNOUNCER: Six, B'Zawni. - Seven, Johnson. TIM: We're never gonna catch up now. - JAIME: We can do it, Tim. RACE ANNOUNCER: The Americans are still far behind. But the Dutch driver, Flewning, is gaining ground, as is the team from Hong Kong in the yellow truck, number 28. The leader, Carlos Scappini, is approaching the dangerous Ariram turnoff. He has passed it up for the safer, but longer route, as we expect most of the drivers to do. Who's in the lead? Carlos Scappini. Came through 20 minutes ago. What about the Russians? Four or five minutes ago. Give us a full load. Hurry! ATTENDANT: Okay. (CHUCKLES) I don't know why I said that. We don't stand a chance of making up 20 minutes in this rig. Oh, sure we do, Tim. The Ariram trail is gonna cut off at least an hour. Do you think I was serious when I told Bartholomew I'd take that shortcut through Ariram? There's no way. That route's too dangerous. It's the only way we can win. Oh, come on, Jaime. Do I have to go through that again? We wouldn't get two miles up that mountain path. Well, we can try. The answer is no. You promised Bartholomew. No! I have won four Grand Prix championships. I've been in over a thousand races, and no half-baked sponsor and his female navigator is gonna tell me how to drive my race. Half baked? (STAMMERS) Who do you think you're talking to? I'm talking about this turkey rig. I'm talking about pit stops where nothing is there. I'm talking about this crummy race in this crummy desert. Listen, you're lucky to be in this race at all. No one else would have hired you as a driver. And don't give me this junk about a Japanese firm sponsoring your next race, or about this being a lousy car. Now, Bartholomew was nice enough to give you this job, the least you can do is go where he asks. (SlGHS) Oh. I'm sorry, Tim. You're right. Right to the jugular. All I'm doing is making excuses for my driving. (SlGHS) I guess the kid just ain't what he used to be. Hey, come on, Tim. ATTENDANT: All right. - Move her out. Tim. Let's try that mountain trail, huh? RACE ANNOUNCER: The American car has left Checkpoint B, well behind the Soviets. Rjukan is 19th, and in the last position is the American car driven by Tim Sanders and Jaime SOMMERS. JAIME: Oh, look. There's somebody who didn't make it. TIM: The German team. I wonder where the Russians are now. RACE ANNOUNCER: taking the extremely treacherous and dangerous route through the town of Ariram. It appears that the Americans are going to take that route also. Tim, the Russians are taking it, too. Come on. RACE ANNOUNCER: We wish them good luck. We're going back to catch up with the leader, Scappini. JAIME: Oh! My stomach! TIM: Keep your eyes closed. We're out of sick bags. Hey, we're catching up to the Russians. (INAUDIBLE) TIM: Come on, you dumb car! - Come on! (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) JAIME: You can do it! - Come on! We got them, Tim. Go! You drive like a woman. Oh, go! TIM: We can't make it! Tim, we could have had them. We could have won. What are you... (BREATHING DEEPLY) But, why? You heard the man. I drive like a woman. Chauvinism intended. You didn't answer my question. Oh, I thought you knew the Tim Sanders story by now. How he was the golden boy of racing, who got too much too soon. He couldn't handle the pressure and cracked. He got careless at Indianapolis and nearly killed himself. I'm a loser, Jaime. Bartholomew was crazy to hire me. Bartholomew happens to think you're the best driver in the world, and after what I just saw coming up that mountain, I'm not about to argue with him. Oh, cut the pep talk! I am so sick and tired of hearing that self-righteous "you can do it" line. Yeah, you know, I guess you're right, Tim. (STAMMERING) I'm sorry. Yeah, you really can't do it anymore. You, uh, just can't cut it. You're a 29-year-old has-been. Is that what you want to hear? What do you want from me? I'm admitting it. It's not the car. It's not the course. It's me. I can't hack it anymore, so get off my... The only reason you can't hack it anymore is because it's in your head. That's the way you're thinking. Listen, Tim, I used to be a tennis player, and I know a self psych-out when I see one. Hey, you just beat yourself. So what? (SlGHS) I suppose the next thing you're gonna tell me is that, uh, I'm afraid of winning, right? Well, you've only got two choices. And winning certainly can't be as bad as losing. (ENGINE REVVING) TIM: Come on. Let's find those Russians. Tim. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (METALLIC CREAKING) Jaime. It'll explode. Jaime! You could have been killed. (RUSSIAN WOMAN MOANING) (PANTING) The steering wheel. No steering. Sabotage. Sabotage. (BEEPING) (CAR ENGINE STARTING IN THE DISTANCE) TIM: Who? I don't know. Any word? The rescue chopper spotted the smoke. They should be here any minute. Guess the only thing we can do is wait. No, no. We got to get going. There's nothing more we can do here. RACE ANNOUNCER: Helicopter rescue is on the way. (TIRES SCREECHING) There they are, the team from Hong Kong. They're the leaders and they're gonna beat us, unless... Give me that map. Now, they're taking this curved trail over there. The only way to beat them to Ariram and get back into the race is to take this dried-up riverbed right over there. Okay. Let's go. JAIME: Sure hope we don't run into a flash flood. (METALLIC THUDDING) What happened? TIM: Rear axle's stuck. Marooned's more like it. Come on. We can push it off. We can give it a try. One, two, three! (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (METALLIC CREAKING) (EXCLAIMING) It's amazing what you can do when you try, isn't it? Come on. Come on. Let's take them, Jaime. Yeah, we beat them! We beat them! (LAUGHS) Now we got to beat them to Ariram. (CAR APPROACHING) JAIME: Tim, stop! Just stop! (TIRES SCREECHING) What's the matter? Are you sick? Tim, I have to go into a bar right back there. What are you talking about? They're gonna catch up with us in less than a minute. I don't have time to explain it right now. Jaime, we can win this. I can win it for the first time in four years, and you want me to stop? You're crazy! Why? Give me a reason. I can't, Tim. I'm not giving this one up. Tim! Wait a minute. Believe me, it's important. You said winning this was everything. (STAMMERS) I work for the government, and I've got to pick something up in that bar. And it's only gonna take me a few minutes, okay? So, will you wait? Please? See you. (SIGHS IN FRUSTRATION) No! Tim! (TIRES SCREECHING) Hi. (STAMMERING) I came to pick up the tape. I came to, uh, pick up the tape. (STAMMERING) It's a tape. It's a very small little cassette thing like... It's about that big, you know, and it goes around in a circle... Lady, I speak English, and I know what a tape cassette is. But aren't you supposed to give me something first? Oh! Sorry. This all they gave you? That's it. You got a credit card? Come on. Give me the tape! (CAR DOOR CLOSING) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (GUN FIRING) (GUNS FIRING) JAIME: Tim, we had them. - We could have won. Bartholomew feels that you're the best driver in the world. (TIRES SCREECHING) (GUN FIRES) (GUN FIRES) (GUN FIRES) (GUN FIRES) What's going on? (TIRE BURSTS) Let's go. Would you please tell me what's going on? Who were those people? (SPEAKING MANDARIN) Your legs and the way you threw that wrench... Tim, will you just drive? (YELLING IN MANDARIN) TIM: Look. It's Scappini. Come on, Tim. We can win. (GUN CLICKING) (SPEAKING MANDARIN) RACE ANNOUNCER: Carlos Scappini still has a commanding lead. He's way out in front, and it looks like he'll be the sure winner of the Dasht-I-Ravar 500-mile race. JAIME: We're gaining on him now. RACE ANNOUNCER: Carlos Scappini proving once again what a tremendous driver he is. Now, they're all alone in number 230. Wait a minute! Another car has just pulled on from the Ariram trail. It is number 239, the American car with Sanders and SOMMERS. They're coming on strong and really putting the pressure on Scappini. Tim Sanders, the long-shot American, who had been going downhill for the last few years, is certainly making up for lost time now. TIM: We're gonna take him, Jaime. JAIME: (LAUGHS) If my kidneys don't give out first. RACE ANNOUNCER: Sanders is doing better than 110 miles an hour down there and closing the gap. Scappini hasn't seen him yet. And is he in for a surprise! Sanders is almost on top of Scappini now. And he's done it. It's a two-car race for the first time. But there's a big obstacle around the next turn. Come on. Go, Tim! RACE ANNOUNCER: The course narrows near the Basti River. There's only room for one of those cars. They're both maneuvering for position. Scappini trying to force Sanders off the road. Oh, Sanders is dropping... (JAIME EXCLAIMING) Beautiful piece of driving by Sanders. But there is still only room for one car. JAIME: Come on. RACE ANNOUNCER: And Scappini has bailed out! Carlos Scappini into the Basti River and out of the race. So, with only five miles to the finish line, the victory clearly belongs to Tim Sanders and Jaime SOMMERS. (LAUGHS) You really cooled him off again, huh? JAIME: All right. - We got a race to win. TIM: You've got it. JAIME: Thank you. (TOASTING IN ITALIAN) So, the tape is on its way back to Washington? Yep. What's gonna happen to the people who shot at us? I guess they'll be, uh, charged for sabotaging the cars. Tim, you're a winner now. Are you gonna go back on the Grand Prix circuit? Yeah. It's something I have to do. You? I'll go back to Ojai and teach. I'm really happy for you, Tim. You know, I know I didn't win that race by myself. Look, Tim, if anything, I held you back. I mean, if I hadn't been in that car with you, you could have won that race by a mile. Yeah, you're right. (LAUGHING) Tim, driver's ready to take you to the airport. Thanks for the chance, Mr. Bartholomew. We couldn't have done it without you. You won't be in my next race, will you? You don't need me, kid. You're a winner. Bye. So... To the winner. (TIM LAUGHING) (INAUDIBLE) And to the woman who made him a winner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 