The Bionic Woman: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bionic Woman 
 s1e7 - Bionic Beauty - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bionic Woman (1976–1978): Season 1, Episode 7 - Bionic Beauty - full transcript 
 Despite her objections, Oscar enters Jaime as a contestant in the Miss United States pageant which he thinks is being rigged. Posing as Miss California with Helen Elgin as her chaperon, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (CHUCKLING) Oh, Jaime, be careful! It weighs a ton. Here, let me help you. JAIME: No, no. It's okay. Just give me some room. (LAUGHS) There. Oh, my God. Okay. Here we go. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's not gonna fit! I could've told you that. I'll have Jim chop it up when he gets home. Helen! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (EXCLAIMS) (LAUGHING) (DOOR BELL RINGS) I've got a pie in the oven. I'll get the door on the way out. Hello? Oscar! What a surprise! How are you? Gosh! Oh, I'm so messy. I'm sorry. I was cleaning out the fireplace and chopping the wood. Things like that. You look terrific. You know, I'll bet you used to be a beauty contest winner. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'll bet you were a prom queen. Beauty queen business never really interested me. I'm hoping maybe, well, I could change your mind. For the last two days, I've been working night and day on a micro-computer circuit. The part is very important to our National Defense system. Here one second, gone the next. No leads. In addition to all these problems, I get this. What is it? From one of our leading agents in Europe. JAIME: "The next Miss United States will be Miss Florida." What's this supposed to mean? I don't know. But I've gotta get someone to find out. What is this? Your sash. My... Oscar, If you think I'm gonna go in there and parade around and... Jaime, I can't overlook it. I've gotta find out what this is all about. I've gotta find out if this beauty-contest is rigged, and if it is, who's on top of it, and what does the O.S.I. have to do with this? Jaime, these beauty contests, the security is incredible. I can't send a man in. It's got to be this way. And since you are the most beautiful and qualified agent in the O.S.I., I thought maybe you'd enjoy being Miss California. I hate it. I need your help. Have Helen come as a chaperone. This whole thing may be nothing. It may also be extremely dangerous. But I can't do it. I'm involved with that Defense Department theft. And I've gotta have somebody who can go in there alone and handle the unexpected. Oscar, look, before I put on this sash and go in there and make a fool out of myself, why don't you call this agent and make sure he wasn't joking? I mean, this is a pretty silly message. I can't do that. Why? They found this agent this morning, face down in the River Seine. Snorkeling? Dead. Oh. Oh, Jaime. Come here quickly. Miss California. Do you want to put this on? You have to peel it off at the back, you know. May we have one of those programs? Give me two. Give me two. And could we have... Ladies? Ladies, everybody up here, please. We have to register to get our room assignments! Up to the desk, please. Thank you. "On her first night, Miss United States will fly to Paris "on her own private jet for a goodwill tour!" Oh, Jaime! I'm so glad you and Oscar asked me to come along. It's so thrilling! Thrilling? Did you read the fine print on the bottom of the page? What fine print? Oh. "No liquor of any kind, no male visitors, "no cigarette smoking in public, "and no telephone calls outside the complex "unless approved by the Director. "Contestants will be supervised at all times." Well, that's reasonable. Reasonable? Helen, that's worse than being in prison. Did you see the security down there? Well, that's the way they do it at all these things. Maybe that's why Oscar asked me to come along as your chaperone, to show you the ropes. Oh. Miss California. I don't know why I could never get you to enter a contest when you were in high school. Why, you just wouldn't do it! How did Oscar ever convince you? I still don't understand. Well, this is a contest for professional women, Helen. Yes? And then the winner is picked by a state committee, without any kind of a pageant or anything like that. And I guess I came in second. I see. And I didn't even know about it myself until yesterday when Oscar told me that the winner had come down with the flu. And they needed a replacement. So... So here we are! Oh, that's so thrilling! Oh! These hotel rooms are so stuffy. (GRUNTS) Need some help? Yes. Okay. (WINDOW CREAKING) (GLASS SHATTERING) Pity they are not judging on strength. (CHUCKLING) Jaime! MRS. BELDING: You'll be judged on poise, beauty, intelligence and talent. The qualities that distinguish an ordinary girl from an extraordinary woman. But as you participate this week, I want you to remember above all that this contest is not a competition, but a pageant of the loveliest women in our country. So, be proud, keep your head high, and remember that there's something very special about you. May the best one win. And now, I want you to welcome someone you already know. Your Master of Ceremonies, pageant Director, they call him Mr. Smile, Ray Raymond! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Now, isn't she something? Now, if you've read your schedules, you know this is gonna be a hectic weekend. Our first press conference starts in just an hour and a half, and that doesn't give us much time. Now, you've all been assigned in groups of five. This is your family. And everything you do in the pageant, you'll do with them. Now, let's split up, find your family, and get acquainted. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) (SIGHS) Is anybody in Family B? I am. Hi, I'm Jaime SOMMERS. Miss California. You're the replacement, aren't you? Yeah. Second string. We can still be friends, huh? Friends? There's no Miss Congeniality Award in this contest, honey. Well, I... Look, every girl here wants that crown badly. You're not gonna make friends. Just friendly enemies. Hello, Mr. Raymond. Well, hello. Are you enjoying it so far? Oh, it's wonderful. I've met so many new friends. Good. Oh, Jaime. RAYMOND: Do we have a deal or not? I have to let someone know this morning. I'm counting on it. But you still haven't told me what I have to do. RAYMOND: Does it really matter? SALLY: I'm putty in your hands. Good. I'll let you know what to do when the time comes. MAN: All Miss United States contestants backstage for the talent taping. Will you come for me when it's almost my turn, Helen? Please? Okay. (BEEPING) This is Raymond. Miss Florida's set. She'll do it. Now, I'll be in the back of the center while Belding's doing the bed check around 11:00. Don't worry. Once she's crowned Miss United States, everything will go like clockwork. No one can stop us. (BALLET MUSIC PLAYING) BRADY: Now, hold it, hold it, hold it! Cut! Cut. I'm sorry, Mr. Brady. You about ready, honey? Yes. (STAMMERING) I'm sorry. This is the first time I've ever done it with real fire. Real fire? It's her first time. One more time from the top. Now where's Miss California? She's next. The talent competition will be taped this afternoon to be shown on closed circuit television during the finals tomorrow night. This is a real electronic time saver which will allow the girls to catch their breath and change from their swimsuits into their... Jaime? Cut it, Charlie. Cut it. Cut it. (SIGHS) All I know, Oscar, is that the pageant is definitely rigged. But I still don't know why. Jaime, that's great. Keep it up. At least you're having some luck. You mean you still haven't found that defense thing you were looking for? No, I got a call from Steve in Brussels this morning. He's not getting anywhere either. But we'll just keep it up. Oscar, did Steve ask about me at all? He always asks about you. How you're feeling, are you seeing anyone. If I'm seeing anyone? Is he seeing someone? No, Jaime. Nothing serious. You know how he feels about you. Yeah. You know, I just get so confused sometimes when I'm trying to sort out my feelings about Steve. Jaime, they want you onstage! Miss California, we're waiting for you! Oscar, I gotta go now. Bye. You're not allowed to use those phones. You. You see that doesn't happen again. Yes, sir. Come on! Let's go! Here she is. You're going to have to be more prompt, Miss California. All right, Mrs. Belding. Let's go, let's go! And now our next contestant, Jaime SOMMERS, Miss California. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Thank you. I would like to sing a song for someone that I grew up with, and I sure hope he gets to see it. (SINGING) Feelings Nothing more than feelings Trying to forget my Feelings of love Teardrops Rolling down on my face Trying to forget my Feelings of love Feelings For all my life I'll feel it [wish I'd never met you, boy You'll never come again Feelings Feelings like I've never lost you But feelings like I'll never have you Again in my heart Feelings For all my life I'll feel it [wish I'd never met you, boy You'll never come again Whoa, feelings Whoa, feelings My feelings My feelings of love Feelings of love My feelings of Love (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) I wish Steve had been here. She was talking on an outside line to somebody named Oscar. There's an Oscar Goldman who works for the O.S.I. There's also an Oscar Mayer who makes wieners. Probably just her boyfriend. Yeah. Well, don't forget. She's the only contestant who was a runner-up. They just kinda slid her in on us at the last moment. Are you suggesting she's a plant? (GRUNTS) Jaime, will you tell me what you're doing? Helen, I have to follow someone. Follow someone? Mrs. Belding will be here in a minute. There's a curfew. I didn't want to have to tell you this, but Oscar sent me here to get some information. It's very important and it could be dangerous. Dangerous? Are you here as a spy? I guess I never believed that runner-up story of yours. You always hated beauty pageants. I have to follow Raymond now. (GASPING) Mr. Raymond? Is he involved? He was always one of my favorites. What do I do if Mrs. Belding comes? Well, cover for me, please. And don't close this window. Leave it open. Okay? Okay. Jaime. Be careful. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) MAN 1 ON RADIO: Falcon One, this is control. Come in, Falcon One. MAN 2: Falcon One here. I'll get back to you. Out. You're late. For half a million dollars, you can afford to wait. Miss Florida hasn't changed her mind? No. She's very ambitious. Bed check. Hi, Mrs. Belding. Is it time for bed already? It's 11:00. Every contestant should be in her room. Isn't that funny? 'Cause I could've sworn I just saw Miss California outside. MAN: You're not being watched? RAYMOND: No. No one's suspicious. It's important, Raymond. The package must be in Paris the day after tomorrow. RAYMOND: Just get it to me backstage tomorrow night. I'll give it to her. And she'll carry it onto her private jet. How're you gonna rig the contest? Brady's our stage manager. He tabulates the judges' ballots. He and I are the only ones who know their decision. So I can pick any name I want. Perfect setup. Her own private jet, whisked through Customs above suspicion. Miss United States is an ideal courier. Pull this off tomorrow, and you're on your way to becoming a rich man. No one deserves it more. (SPEAKING ITALIAN) HELEN: Oh, Jaime, where are you? (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Who is it? MRS. BELDING: Mrs. Belding. Bed check! (WATER RUNNING) Good evening, Mrs. Belding. Is Miss California here? Oh, yes, she's in the shower. (STAMMERING) I'll have her call you when she comes out. She was late for the talent taping, wasn't she? I think you're right, Mrs. Belding. We'll wait. Jaime, honey? Will you hurry please? Mrs. Belding's here. Oh, it is getting a little chilly. Well, I don't know what's taking her so long. Jaime, honey, will you please hurry up! Mrs. Belding is getting very impatient. Hurry, Jaime! Hurry up. Mrs. Belding's here! Mrs. Belding! Oh. She'll be out in a minute. (CLEARS THROAT) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (CLANKING) What was that clanking sound? I'm sorry I kept you waiting so long. Well, where were you? Well, as you can see, I was in the shower. (STAMMERING) I would've come out sooner but I had to wash my hair. (CHUCKLES) Oh. You really do have lovely hair. You know, I just love the color. Especially when it's dry. Thank you, Miss Florida, you've been most helpful. Now, where were you? In the shower. MRS. BELDING: Don't lie to me! You were outside. I heard you on the fire escape. I could swear I saw you on the ground. I can't afford to have a troublemaker running around on the day of the finals. First, you were late for the taping, now this. I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to notify Mr. Raymond and the judges of your misbehavior and confine you to your room until the pageant starts tomorrow night. Goodnight. She was outside? Are you sure, Mrs. Belding? Oh, no, no! No, I think it's a good idea to keep her in her room tomorrow. Yes. Yes, I'll inform the judges. Goodnight. You might be right. The next time she steps outta line will be her last time. (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) Good morning, ladies. I have a couple of announcements before we start. B Group, Miss California will not be with us until tonight. All right. Let's take our places for the opening number, huh? (SIGHS) Are they still out there? Two of 'em. Helen, I have got to talk to Oscar. Is it important? They'll let me out. Oh, Helen, I can't get you mixed up in this. Jaime, I want to help you. It'd be exciting. Really. (SNICKERS) We sent that picture three days ago. (TELEPHONE RINGING) I don't believe this. Hold on. This is Goldman. Hold on. It's about the size of a flash cube. That's right. A flash cube. Falcon circuit. F... No, no, no. Falcon, F-A-L-C-O-N. Right. Falcon. I'll send it to you. Hold on a minute. Brian? Send this over the wire to Milan. They don't know what it looks like. Make sure it goes out by code. This is Oscar Goldman speaking. Oscar? This is Helen Elgin. Helen? Are you... What about Jaime? Is she all right? Oh, she's fine. She can't come to the phone. She wanted me to give you a message. All right. What is it? Well, is it okay? I mean, is it all right to give it to you over the phone? Of course it's okay, Helen. Your secret is safe with me. What is it? Well... Helen 7 Helen, what's the matter? Uh, no, I think I better call you back. Is there anything wrong? No. No. I'll get right back to you, Oscar. Yeah. Goodbye. Who were you talking to? Oscar who? Oscar Lipschitz. He's an old beau of mine from college. Whenever I'm in his area, I always call him up and... You know, you're not to be using these phones without my approval. You read the pageant rules? Yes, sir. I think you'd better spend the rest of the day in your room with Miss California. You didn't tell him? I didn't have time before Mr. Raymond caught me. Oscar was talking to some man about a bird project. Bird? Uh... Falcon. Falcon circuit. Falcon? (STAMMERING) I've heard that. What else did he say? Uh, something about sending a photograph. Falcon. Wait a second. The man in the car. The radio called him Falcon. He said they were gonna bring something here tonight. What? The Falcon thing... That's it, Helen! That's what Oscar's looking for! Jaime! Jaime! Do you know, Miss United States is going to take Oscar's circuit to Paris! She's gonna be the courier! What are you talking about? That's where they found the agent. In Paris. Face down in the River Seine. Dead? I've gotta talk to Oscar. I don't know what to do. But how? (STAMMERING) They won't let us out before tonight. The five finalists are picked right off the bat, aren't they? Yeah, they do most of the show. The rest is just background. Well, it's a cinch they're not gonna pick me for one of the finalists. And I don't think they're gonna miss one of the girls from the background. ANNOUNCER: From Los Angeles, California, Mrs. Oliver J. Belding and Belding Industries proudly present the Miss United States Pageant! And now, your Master of Ceremonies, Mr. Smile himself, Ray Raymond! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) I feel like a side of beef. How do I look? Terrific! You know what? I really liked my old legs better. I think they were better. Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to America's only pageant for beautiful, professional women. Why wait any longer? Let's meet these wonderful ladies now, in the bathing suit procession. Miss Alabama! (AUDIENCE CLAPPING) Miss Alaska! Miss Arizona! Miss Arkansas! Miss California! Miss Florida! Miss Hawaii! Miss Tennessee! Miss Texas! Miss Utah! The agonizing task of picking five of these outstanding American women to be our finalists. I can only say that I'm very happy that I'm not a judge. But seeing these lovely ladies, I am sure you can well understand what a difficult choice it would be. But a decision has been made. And one of these outstanding American women will be the new Miss United States. May I have the envelope, please, Mr. Brady. Thank you. Here are the names of our finalists. Miss Oklahoma! (AUDIENCE CLAPPING) Miss Hawaii! Miss Tennessee! Miss Florida! And our fifth finalist, Miss California! So, there you have it. Our five beautiful finalists. Miss Oklahoma, Miss Hawaii, Miss Tennessee, Miss Florida and Miss California, a dark horse candidate who made an extremely strong showing in the talent competition. Now while they and the rest of the girls are changing into their formals, we're gonna show you taped highlights of that talent competition. Am I ready? You look beautiful. I'm so proud of you. I've gotta go. What? Where? Well first, to call Oscar, and then to try to find that computer circuit or whatever that thing is. Look, if they call for me, Helen, just stall them. Oh, again? But they won't believe me again. Good luck! Oh. Jaime! (AUDIENCE CHATTERING) RAYMOND: And now our next contestant, Jaime SOMMERS, Miss California. Thank you. I would like to sing a song for someone that I grew up with, and I sure hope he gets to see it. (SINGING) Feelings Nothing more than feelings Trying to forget my (BEEPING) MAN: Hard to believe that something that small can be the key to the entire defense system of the United States. Yeah. So let's get it to its hiding place before anything can happen to it. Trying to forget my Feelings of love (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Feelings (CLATTERING) All my life I'll feel it I wish I'd never met you, boy RAYMOND: Oh, no one's about to look for it there. (SPEAKING ITALIAN) (SPEAKING FRENCH) Tomorrow it is Paris. Have a good night. Feelings Whoa, feelings (GRUNTING) Look what I found. Did she faint? No, chloroform. It'll keep her out a while. Did she see anything? Probably. Now, do you believe me? Yeah. I believe you. What's wrong with her? I don't know. She passed out. I think she's on something. I knew it! I knew she was trouble the moment I saw her. Put her out for a few more hours. By the time she comes to, we'll be out of the country. What if she starts talking? Who'll believe her? You think Mrs. Belding is about to let a troublemaker like her discredit the pageant? (DOOR CLOSES) Steve, you're sure of your source? Now, let me get this straight. The Falcon circuit is coming out of Los Angeles tonight. Right? Great. Thanks, pal, keep in touch. Maryann, I want a list of all international flights coming out of Los Angeles. Private and commercial. Rush it! Get me the airport. This oughta hold you down. Enough in there to keep a horse out for a week. (GRUNTS) She's got a hide like an armadillo. (GRUNTS) Pete, send an x-ray team down to the air freight terminal. Check everything. Any hunch you have, follow through... Follow through on. Get me the Ambassador Hotel. I want to speak to Miss Jaime SOMMERS. Get me a radio. I wanna hear this pageant on the radio! WOMAN: I'm sorry, Mr. Goldman, but we are unable to locate Miss SOMMERS. All right. Well, keep trying. (RADIO CHATTERING) ANNOUNCER: And now, your Master of Ceremonies, Mr. Smile himself, Ray Raymond! Thank you. Thank you. And before we continue, I'd like to announce that Miss Jaime SOMMERS, Miss California, has regrettably taken ill and will be unable to continue with the pageant. Get my car. We're going to the Ambassador. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) And that's my goal. To make friends. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) RAYMOND: Miss Oklahoma, in your own words, we would like you to tell us what your ultimate goal in life is. I play the saxophone for an all-girl jazz band, and if I could just fill the world with music, that would be my ultimate. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) RAYMOND: Well, that ends our question and answer portion. And now the judges will make their... Oh, excuse me. Look who I just found. What a surprise! It's our fifth finalist, Miss California! Let's give her a big hand. She's a real trouper! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Now all America can keep their eyes on you. Just step up to the microphone and give us a big smile, can you? You're feeling better, Miss California? Yes, I needed a rest. You know, the excitement of all of this, just kind of snuck up and grabbed me from behind. Yes, I know how strenuous these pageants can be. But you're just in time to answer a question for our judges. Well, I can’t think of anything I'd rather do. Yes. They would like to know what your ultimate goal in life is. Well, frankly, I'm still searching, you know. But a good friend of mine by the name of Oscar Goldman once taught me a very old Chinese proverb. Oscar Goldman 7 I didn't realize he was a Chinese prophet. Well, he's many things to many people. Anyway, the proverb is, ”As the queen flies to Paris on her Falcon, ”so must we continue the search for our goals. ” Just doesn't make sense. I certainly hope it does to someone. Goldman to base. I want 10 backup units immediately. (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Well, thank you, Miss California. And now, it's time for the judges to tabulate their vote and vote for the new Miss United States. This is Oscar Goldman. I'm six blocks from the Ambassador. Have the backup units stand by. I'm going in. RAYMOND: Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please. All the months of planning, the nominating committee meetings, the rehearsals. All of these seem to point towards this magic moment. One young lady behind me will soon become royalty. A queen of talent and beauty and poise. The zenith of American womanhood. Mr. Raymond Brady, notary public, has counted the judges' votes. May I have the envelope, please. Thank you very much. Any idea of what we could do to get out of this? You just read 'em the card. I'll take care of the rest. Yes. Thank you. Now, ladies and gentlemen, I have here the results of the judges' decision. Who will be Miss United States? First, our fourth runner-up, Miss Tennessee! The third runner-up, Miss Hawaii! (AUDIENCE CLAPPING) Goldman to backup units. Surround the building. Exercise extreme caution. I don't want anybody to get hurt. The second runner-up, Miss Oklahoma. What? I got a place where you can see a little better. Oh, that's very nice of you. RAYMOND: Now, the next name I announce will be the first runner-up. In the event that Miss United States becomes ill, or for any reason cannot discharge her duties, the first runner-up will take her place. The first runner-up, Miss... Florida, Sally Bartell. Jaime SOMMERS, Miss California, is the new Miss United States! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) (PEOPLE CHEERING) Isn't she wonderful, ladies and gentlemen? Tears streaming down her face, Jaime SOMMERS has to be the happiest person alive. Look in the wings. Now, do as you're told, and she'll stay alive. Make one bad move, glance at anybody in the audience, and she's a dead woman. You understand? Yes. Smile. Miss United States! Go out and meet your public! (RAYMOND SINGING) You've come a long way, woman It's been a hard pull, ma'am But you're our Miss United States, lady Come take your place beside Uncle Sam (BEEPING) Do you hear me? Is the Falcon circuit here? Do you know where it is? Are you having any trouble? (RAYMOND SINGING) You've come a long way, woman It's been a hard pull, ma'am (GUN COCKS) Do you want me to move in? But you're our Miss United States, lady Come take your place beside Uncle Sam All right now, move quickly and quietly. There's a car waiting in the garage. (ALL CHATTERING) (SCREAMS) Come on. Get up. Get up! You've got me. Why don't you let her go? Look, I'll take that now. The car's over there. Let's go. Raymond! I wanna talk to you! You promised me that crown! (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (GRUNTING) Sally, get outta here! (CAR ENGINE SPUTTERING) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (TIRES SCREECHING) Okay. Out! Get out! (POLICE SIREN BLARING) Jaime, are you all right? Yeah. I'm not much of a beauty queen though, am I? Oh, you've never looked prettier. The circuit, have you got the circuit? I think so. I don't think that Ray Raymond's going to risk his neck for a rhinestone wand. Ah! (SPEAKING FRENCH) And all this time I thought you were just a pretty face. Oscar, I'm Miss United States! (CHUCKLING) (LAUGHING) JAIME: Sally? I've been looking all over for you. Sally, are you all right? I feel so ashamed. Jaime, you know, I never realized how selfish I was, until I almost sold out myself, and my country for a beauty pageant. What kind of a person does that make me? Hopefully, somebody who can learn from their mistakes. Look, I found this. Thought you might like to see it. What is it? It's the final ballot. They found it in Brady's pocket. You mean I won? Fair and square. You didn't even need them. Here. I think this belongs to you. I can't take this. Not after what I've done. That's true. (BOTH LAUGH) Besides, next to the crown you just gave yourself, it looks pretty tacky. Let's get outta here. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 