The Bionic Woman: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bionic Woman 
 s1e6 - The Deadly Missiles - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bionic Woman (1976–1978): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Deadly Missiles - full transcript 
 An unauthorized missile has been launched from the ranch estate of tycoon J.T. Connors. Since J.T. used to sponsor Jaime Sommers during the early days of her tennis career, Oscar Goldman sends Jaime to investigate while Steve Austin monitors for more more missiles at M.E.W.S. Control. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 JAIME: Just think about this, you know that the stars, centuries ago, were the only form of navigation, and today, that even with modern technology the way it is, we are still using the stars. Anybody know the name of that kind of navigation? Celestial navigation, the astronauts use it in space flight. Right. And you know somebody who's very good at it, don't you? Who's that? Colonel Steve Austin. Whoa, what is this? Oh, nothing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, nothing? Don't be so shy. What is it? Well, do you think you and Colonel Austin ever will get married? I... I don't know. Wow! Look at that! KATIE: What is it? A meteor or something? No, it's going up. It must be a missile test from Vandenberg Air Force Base. No. Vandenberg is the other way. Yeah, I know. I wonder where it did come from. MAN: Mr. Goldman, an unidentified ballistic missile just came down in the Los Angeles Reservoir. OSCAR: What? Where did it come from? We don't know, sir. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm on my way. Here's the warhead, Mr. Goldman. What about the rest of the missile? It's still down there. We'll bring it up next. Handle that warhead carefully. We don't know what kind of explosives it could contain. I've run a computer check on all our missile complexes, there were no accidental launchings. Looks like one of ours. Yeah, let's check the payload. All right. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Anything? Nothing. Do you know that this type of warhead is capable of carrying a nuclear payload? Could destroy a city. We gotta find out where this came from, Steve. May not be that easy. Remember I told you something fouled up our radar defense system near here? Yeah. Well, it wasn't exactly just near here. Our entire Military Early Warning System was temporarily jammed last night. Jammed? Well, that's impossible. We don't have a radar jamming device. We don't, but somebody does. Our entire radar defense system was totally useless for nine minutes and 36 seconds. If somebody has a radar jamming device, they can drop a nuclear warhead anyplace they want. Right. But the big question is, who are they? (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Helen, you have no faith. Listen, this meringue pie is gonna be ready in plenty of time for the bake sale. Yeah. Okay. Listen, I gotta go. Oscar's gonna be here pretty soon. Bye-bye. I hate lemon meringue pies. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (WHIRRING) JAIME: Yeah. Well, there you are. Welcome to my kitchen. Thank you. Pie. Lemon meringue. Oh, my favorite. Got your bags packed? Yes. Where's Steve? He's over at M.E.W.S. The Military Early Warning Station. We've calculated the approximate area where we think this missile was launched. Well, what can I do? We have a real problem, Jaime. Right in the middle of this 300 square mile area is the vast private estate owned by J.T. Connors, head of Connors Aerospace Industries. Oscar, I know J.T. Connors. I've known him since I was a little kid. He was my first sponsor when I turned tennis pro. Yes, I know. That's why I'm here. I need your help. We have reason to believe that the missile was launched from his property. Oh, I don't believe that, Oscar. It's a possibility. His company builds that type of missile for the Air Force. You're making him sound like some kind of a mad scientist or something. I don't think he's a mad scientist, but I think he's a brilliant and powerful industrialist, and he has the capabilities. When did you see him last? Uh, it was at his son's funeral. Since his son was killed in Vietnam, he's, uh... He's gotten more right wing than ever. (CHUCKLES) Oscar, J.T. Connors has always just cut right through the fat and said exactly what he feels. But he is not gonna go shooting missiles at Los Angeles. Jaime, it's a terribly dangerous situation. We have to investigate every possibility. I am not going to investigate one of my oldest and dearest friends. I wouldn't... I wouldn't even know what to look for. I understand how you feel. But we can't allow emotions to get in the way. A lot of lives are at stake. Ow! Somebody could get hurt on that. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) I guess a lot more people could get hurt with a missile, huh? Okay, I'll do it. Thanks. GUARD: Mr. Connors, we've just admitted Miss Jaime SOMMERS through the north security gate. Jaime! Hey, Jaime! J.T. Look here, now! You look great. You haven't changed a bit, you know that? Are you kiddin'? I get older every minute. But you, my goodness, you've changed. And for the better, I must say. It's been a long time. What can I tell you? Mr. Connors, I've finished... I'm sorry. Oh? Hey, Warren, come over here. Come over here. Listen, I want you to meet Warren Rayker, one of the most brilliant young engineers around anywhere. Hi. Listen, would you get her bags out of that little blue thing over there? Sure. Put them in the guest room. I want to show her my shed. Do you think you could still beat me at eight ball? Oh, can I beat you at eight ball? (CHUCKLING) Well, what do you think? Huh? Just like I remember it. Ah, you know the old saying, "You can take the boy out of Texas..." "But you can't take Texas out of the boy." You're right. This one is from the Big War. Aren't they all big wars, J.T.? Well, I guess if you're the guy who's fighting 'em, you're right. Anyway, this is the one... That's the one General Patton gave you, right? Yeah, but... Ah. I should remember. You know all of my war stories, don't you? Mmm-hmm. That's the last picture they took of J.T. Junior. Uh-huh. A real fine boy. Decorated eight times in Vietnam. What's wrong? Oh, I know I shouldn't let it get to me, but I get mad every time I think of how he died like a sitting duck. Sitting there on the runway waiting for some yo-yo to give take-off orders. Hey, there's nothing you could do about it. I tried! I told the brass that that airfield was vulnerable. And they dilly-dallied around, while my boy got killed. Nobody wants to take command anymore. We haven't had any real leadership since Douglas MacArthur! We've got a lot of long-haired momma's boys creeping into government. Oh, come on, J.T. You sound like you always did. You know, you're just about that far to the right of Atilla the Hun. Yeah, I don't even put out my arm when I make a left hand turn. Yeah, I believe it. I've been lockin' horns with those soft-heads in Washington for years. They haven't even got sense enough to see the erosion of our American way of life. It all started back when they started to fluoridate our water. Oh, come on now, J.T., you're not one of those people who thinks that fluoridation was a communist plot? It's the same kind of mentality that killed my boy. I'll tell you something, Jaime, one of these days I would like to get all those Washington soft-heads in one place and... And what? Uh... Hey, you remember how you used to love to play with my trains? Uh, yes. Would you like to be the engineer? Now? Why not? Okay. I used to love to climb on these things when I was a little kid. Let you in on a secret, I still love to climb on 'em. Here, watch this. (BELL RINGING) Oh, that's really neat. Yeah, Warren Rayker designed that for me. Oh, he's the fella that I met when I first got here? Right. I can work anything on the ranch with this little magic box. Trains, doors, water sprinklers, anything at all. (WHOOPS) That's really something. Warren Rayker is really something. Any other control box would be 10 times that size, but he's a genius at microelectronics. As a matter of fact, I've made him my second in command. Really? He's such a young man. Mmm-hmm. Uh, after you, Engineer. Thank you. (WHOOPS) Hey, J.T., you took all these things off? Well, that was the throttle. Say, you've got a good memory. J.T., do you have full-sized models of all the weapons that you've built, too? Sure. Planes, cannons, tanks, you name it, we got it. Wow. Are they working models? Of course not. It's against the law for a private citizen to have warfare equipment in working order. It's very true. Of course, we do have a few loaded guns around the house. RAYKER: Mr. Connors? Can I speak to you for a moment? It's important. Sure thing. Be right back. I've completed the systems check on the diode modules feedback. How's it working? Like a dream. Attaboy. I've got the print in the car. We'll bring those Washington turkeys to their knees. JAIME: Boy, your ranch is even bigger than I remembered it. CONNORS: Well, keeps me from getting homesick for Texas. (JAIME CHUCKLES) Wait a minute. Stop, J.T. What is that? That building looks a lot newer than the rest of them. CONNORS: Yep. JAIME: Well, it must be important. That's the highest fence I've seen on your property. Oh, I do some of my security work there. No big thing. Can I go in? (CHUCKLES) That's off limits, pretty girl. Oh, come on, you can trust me. When it comes to that place, I don't trust anybody. Not even the Secretary of State knows what's in there. Hey, listen, I'm starved. How about some of my chili? Sun. Ah. ”Ln CONNORS: Not even the Secretary of State knows what's in there. Not even the Secretary of State knows what's in there. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Mr. Connors, there's an intruder in the radar installation. All right. Let's go. Oh, J.T. (CLICKS TONGUE) Oscar was right. VOICE ON PA: Stay where you are. Do not move. You have activated an anti-personnel security system which is now armed and programmed to destroy anything that moves within its field. The floor has now become weight sensitive. Any movement will activate television controlled laser beams which are now trained on you. The entrance way has now been charged with high voltage electricity. And there are other anti-personnel devices now activated beyond the entrance. Outside help is impossible. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (SIGHS) (CRACKLING) Oh, my. This is Rayker, deactivate all the security devices and open the installation gate. We're entering the area. Jaime! Are you okay? I think so. What in the world are you doing here? Guards, lock her up. I'll take care of it. Mr. Connors, she broke into the installation. Do you realize what that means? I'm not sure what it means. Well, what was she doing here? I said I'll take care of it. Yes, sir. It seems that your ultimate security system is not so ultimate, after all. Get some laser beams set on the outside. I'll take care of it right away. Jaime, are you hurt? I just sprained my knee, I think. What in the world are you doing here? You know how I am, J.T. I'm just curious. You shouldn't have come, Jaime, you really shouldn't have. Come on. (GROANS) All right. Now, easy does it. Easy does it. There we are. I want you to lie down right there. I'm all right. J.T., what's out there? Now, Jaime, I don't know why you were out there, but it's serious. Just hold tight. (CRACKLING) Drink that. Why? Now, don't argue with me. Just drink it. I... I don't really think that I need... Come on now. Good girl. Oh, no. J.T., what did you put in there? Something to make you rest a good, long time. (EXCLAIMS) Good morning, pretty girl. Okay? Yeah, I think so. I'm sorry about that mickey last night, but I, uh... I thought it was best. Well, to be perfectly honest with you J.T., I wasn't so sure it was just a sedative that you'd given me. Hey, Jaime, wait a second. Surely you don't think I would do anything that could hurt you. How's your knee? It's pretty bad. I'm gonna have to get to the special doctor I have, J.T. Uh, now, wait just a minute. You've got some pretty fancy explaining to do. What were you doing snooping around my research lab? I'm gonna level with you, J.T., if you'll level with me. Always have. All right. I was sent here. By whom? The government. Two nights ago, there was a missile launched and it landed in the Los Angeles Reservoir. What's that got to do with me? It came from your property. That's a lot of hogwash! It's the same kind of missile that you manufacture for the Air Force, J.T. That missile could have come from any one of 100 places. Well, maybe, but at the same time that that missile was launched, there was a blackout of our entire radar network. What? J.T., the radar was jammed. Jammed? How? Well, I don't know. But they seem to think that there's some kind of a new device. And from what I saw in that room last night, I'm not so sure that they were wrong. Will you level with me? Please? J.T., please. JAIME: So this is a radar jamming device? Yeah. Warren and I designed that. We showed the plans to those eggheads at the Pentagon, but their experts said that the system couldn't possibly work. I mean, that's typical of the feather-brains we have in Washington. So you set out to prove them wrong. I built it with my own money. And of course, I didn't want anybody to see it till I was ready to demonstrate, so I built kind of a thorough security system around the whole place. You can say that again. Hey, listen, pretty girl, I tell ya, it cuts kind of deep that you came here to spy on me. Oh, J.T., I'm telling you, they are checking every possibility and I came here to prove to them that you were innocent. I am innocent. But you told me yourself you're the only one that has this kind of a system. Jaime, I have known you since you were knee high to nothin'. Now, I have never lied to you, and I am not lying to you now. Well, is it possible then that someone is doing this behind your back? Without your knowledge? No, no, no, no. What about Rayker? No! All right. I'll tell you one thing flat out. If there's something goin' on around here that I don't know about, I am gonna find out about it right now. What do you mean you can't find him? Well, try his room! You all right, hon? Yeah, I'll be fine. Never mind. I'll find Rayker myself! Stay right here and take it easy. I'll be back, huh? Okay. Come on, Oscar. Answer the phone. Put the phone down, lady. That's real fine. Now if you will just come with me. Where? You'll know that when we get there. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) RAYKER: Miss SOMMERS! I guess I shouldn't be surprised, after the way you broke into the bunker. Perhaps I should have sent two men. Where is J.T.? If you want to see him alive, just come along quietly. I'm sorry this doesn't offer all the comforts of your room. You stay here, and you two come with me. (GASPS) J.T.? Hmm? Are you all right? (GROANING) Come on. (EXHALES) Yeah. Oh... Somebody must've hit me in back of the head. Probably that Warren Rayker. He seems to work pretty well behind your back. Yeah. (DOOR OPENING) Rayker, what's the meaning of this? Just come with me, Connors. Connors, you may not have paid me much money, but being your lieutenant made it possible for me to bring in the missile launcher piece by piece until I had everything I needed. Rayker, I can't really believe you're doing this to me. I mean, you've made a basketful off of me. Well, not as much as I'm about to make. Now, Miss SOMMERS, you're obviously with the federal government. The OS! perhaps? Will you give me the name of your superior? Jaime, don't you tell him anything! Please don't make this difficult. Oscar Goldman. And where can I find him? M.E.W.S. operations. It's very convenient. Dial it. Yes, connect me with the M.E.W.S. operations, please. (PHONE RINGING) Colonel Austin. Hello, Colonel Austin, is there a Mr. Goldman there? Yes, just a minute. Oscar. Hmm? This is Oscar Goldman speaking. Mr. Goldman, this is Warren Rayker from the J.T. Connors estate. I need your help. What's your problem, Mr. Rayker? I need you to arrange delivery to me of $15 million. (WHISPERS) Get on the phone. Did I hear you right? Yes. 15 million. I'm sure you are aware that two nights ago an unarmed missile landed in the Los Angeles Reservoir. I'm listening. Good. There's a heliport on the estate. I want you to get the money and bring it here, alone. If you fail to do so or if you try to attack, another missile will be launched armed with a conventional but powerful explosive. The M.E.W.S. radar tracking system will be jammed and it will be impossible, impossible to intercept the missile. That's an awful lot of money involved. I don't care what's involved, Mr. Goldman! I want no time wasted. Take a look at your radar screens. (BEEPING) Everything's jammed. He's not fooling around. As you can see, I am quite capable of carrying out my threat. And I have two hostages. Connors, try to be convincing. Yeah, this is J.T. Connors, Mr. Goldman. I am standing here with a madman. And I think you better listen to him 'cause he means business. There was a young lady, Mr. Connors, a Miss Jaime SOMMERS, who was coming to visit you. That's right. She's right here with me. She's... Mr. Goldman, you have exactly five hours from the time I hang up this phone. The launching mechanism will be on automatic sequence and only I will be able to stop it. Where is the missile aimed? Well, let's just say that it won't land in the Los Angeles Reservoir. (MACHINE WHIRRING) Just exactly what is your new target? The M.E.W.S. operations control. You don't have anything to worry about if I get my money. This will stop the automatic countdown sequence by long range remote control. Now, if I get my money on time, I'll deactivate the system, once I'm safely out of the way. Rayker... After all I've done for you. Just what have you done for me? You made a fortune off my research and paid me peanuts. Listen, nobody held a gun on your head when you signed those contracts! I was always ready to talk, negotiate. Give you more. Not as much as I'm going to get now. Take them back to the storage room. We just can't take that chance. Oscar, I should go in there. No, Steve, if he even suspects he's being attacked, he'll launch that missile, and there's nothing I can do to stop it. Look, I'm not gonna stand around while Jaime might be in trouble. She's perfectly capable of handling the situation. You can't be sure of that! I've got to count on it. She's got the inside track, Steve. Let her carry the ball. She's probably waiting right now to make her next move. (CRACKLING) CONNORS: To think after all I have done for that... Well, you know what he is. J.T., we've gotta get out of here. Look, I appreciate your spunk, pretty girl, but I... (SCOFFS) I don't see any way. But we can. Well, not unless you know something that I don't know. Yeah. J.T., I assume that you're familiar with the term bionics. Yeah, sure. What's that got to do with anything? Well, it's got a lot to do with me. (CRACKLING) What in the... Wires? Your leg is bionic? Both of 'em. But right now this one needs a repairman, and you're elected. Well, but I haven't got the faintest idea of what the circuitry is... But, J.T., come on. Now, you're supposed to be an electronics genius. You've gotta at least give it a try. Well, I have developed some, uh, guided missile systems and some computer logic banks, but, I mean, I have never seen anything like this before. I don't suppose they sent a repair manual out with you. Sorry about that. So am I. How did you damage it, anyway? From that jolt of electricity that I took. Uh-huh. There's a couple of burned out components. Isn't there anything you can do? Well, I might be able to bridge it, but... We haven't got any spit or bailing wire around this place, never mind an electronic probe or soldering irons. Hmm. J.T., would a couple of hot wires work, you think? Well, it might, but... Would you help me up? Help me up, please. Stand back there, would you? Careful. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Your arms are bionic, too? No, just the right one. Oh. Just the right one, hmm? Yeah. Will these do? We can try. Hmm. Sit down. Okay. All right, easy now. (CRACKLING) (EXCLAIMS) I'm sorry. I'm sorry, pretty girl. No, it's okay. It's gotta be done. Steve and Oscar are counting on us. (CRACKLING) OSCAR: I'm taking all the money, just in case. Look, let me fly you in. No, Steve, you're more valuable here. You know more about the M.E.W.S. system than anybody. Jaime can handle it. Be seeing you. Good luck. Thank you. Oh, boy! We've got less than two hours. Well, that's the best I can do with what I've had to work with. Well, it feels better. CONNORS: An amazing piece of equipment. J.T., that may be equipment to you, but it's my leg. Yeah, I'm sorry. It's okay. Well, let's see what happens. (GRUNTS) Maybe I didn't do so good, after all, huh? No, it's fine. It's just fine. I think I... It's gonna be all right. We've gotta get out of here. I've got to do it. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (GRUNTS) That's the way to do it, honey. You set 'em up and I knock 'em down. I don't know how many of my people Rayker has gotten to... Well, that leaves you and me. You think we can handle it? JAIME: J.T., I don't think we have any choice. CONNORS: We'd better get to the bunker, huh? (PHONE RINGING) Rayker. Mr. Rayker, they've escaped. What? They're heading toward you. All right, all right, we'll be ready for them. But they'll never make it alive. Don't touch it, Jaime. Why? It's electrified. Listen, there's a junction box right over there. Where? Come here. Cross here? Yeah. (BOTH GRUNTING) I think it's right there. Okay. Look out. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Okay. Done. Well, it ought to be off now. I certainly hope so, I've had enough shocks for one day. Yeah, me, too. Ah. Wait, don't go in there, Jaime. Why? I had to be the one to tell him to put up another laser beam. We've gotta get in there, J.T. What good would that do? I'm sure he's got guards inside. What's that? It's a radar jamming antenna. Well, then all I really have to do is get up on top of there and put that out of commission? CONNORS: Anything that moves in that area will be cut in half by that laser. Besides, there's no ladder up to the roof from the outside. One thing at a time. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (METALLIC CREAKING) Well, you really are full of surprises. How's the leg? Oh, it's a little ragged, but we'll make it. Come on. Yeah. Well, how're you gonna get up there? Well, all in one piece, I hope. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) I should've known better than to ask. Miss SOMMERS, I'm not sure how you got up there, and I have no idea how you managed to get through all the security, but it's over now. Come down, we're going to meet a helicopter. (ON RADIO) Steve, this is Oscar. I'm just crossing into J. T. Connors' property. I do hope your Mr. Goldman makes it on time. What are you gonna do if we deactivate your jamming system once you've left here? I'm taking you with me. Listen, you... RAYKER: Look, Connors, you don't know what it's like to be without money. I do. Are you really going to deactivate that as soon as Oscar gets here? Once I'm safely on my plane. (HELICOPTER APPROACHING) All right, Rayker, here's your money. Now deactivate the system. Not until I've got my money and I'm safely on my plane. (BEEPING) I've got LOS from the main radar bank, we're being jammed. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) All right, everybody freeze. Come on. Get up. No! The control device must have triggered the launcher. RAYKER: The jamming device has been activated. There is no way the Air Force can shoot it down! Oscar, it's headed for the M.E.W.S. operations control. The antenna. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (CIRCUIT CRACKLING) MAN: (ON PA) Colonel, the whole M.E.W.S. radar network is jammed. (CRACKLING) Come on, come on, if we can't find it, we can't stop it! Come on, Jaime, where are you? MAN: (ON PA) We've patched into our surveillance Colonel Austin. It's jammed, too. (CRACKLING) Colonel Austin, we have a visual. The missile's headed for us. We can't nail it until we get a radar lock. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) MAN: It's closing in fast, Colonel Austin. We don't have time to evacuate. The jamming stopped. STEVE: I have a target. It's coming in fast. (SIREN BLARING) I'm tracking. Rotate to grid coordinates. Delta Charlie 16-41. Calibrate tracking error to zero mode. Switching magnetic finder override to automatic. Releasing first safety. MAN: It's almost on us! Releasing second safety. And fire! Jaime? JAIME: Steve? Hi. Well, that was a little close, huh? A little. Well, at least this time I got to return the favor and save your life for a change. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Anytime. Steve, meet J.T. Connors. Colonel Steve Austin, United States Air Force. Colonel, thanks for all your help. My pleasure, Mr. Connors. OSCAR: We have to catch a plane for Washington. The Pentagon is very interested in his radar jammer. Ah, you finally got through to the soft-heads, eh? (LAUGHING) Looks like it. But I learned a lesson myself. Never leave a loaded missile around the house. Take care of that leg, Jaime. I'm a good doctor, but I'm not a specialist. Colonel, you just wouldn't believe what this young lady can do. I'll see you in a couple of days, huh? Okay. Bye, Oscar. Goodbye. Dr. Wells will be here tomorrow. Okay. Steve. J.T. Take care, pretty girl. Okay. Bye. What was he talking about your leg there? Oh, well, it's nothing serious. Are you all right? Oh, yeah. Rudy's gonna look at it. You know, I'm pretty good with bionic parts. Oh, you are? Yeah, you'd be amazed to see what I could do with 'em. Would I? Well, at least we ought to talk about it. Like maybe over a candlelit dinner? Yeah, like over a candlelit dinner. I'd love that. What you got in the fridge? Huh? Hey! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 