The Bionic Woman: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bionic Woman 
 s1e8 - Jaime's Mother - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bionic Woman (1976–1978): Season 1, Episode 8 - Jaime's Mother - full transcript 
 Jaime is contacted by a mysterious woman claiming to be her mother. Oscar Goldman admits to the fact that Ann Sommers used to be a spy and even had a double by the name of Chris Stuart. While Jaime and Ann are getting reacquainted, some thugs on Ann's tail are planning to silence her once and for all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 BOYLIN: Well? (STUTTERING) Look, it wasn't my fault. I mean, I thought I had her here in Santa Barbara. But some guy got in the way just as I shot. So you missed? No, no, no! I nicked her in the arm. I was in the hotel window with the rifle. By the time I got to the street, she was already gone. But she didn't get away. I traced her to a car rental agency here and she took out a dark gray sedan, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 license 559 M-J-I. And she asked about Ojai. Ojai. She's gone back to tell Jaime SOMMERS she's her mother. After all these years? Suppose the SOMMERS girl believes her? Then we might have to kill 'em both. (ROOSTER CROWING) I brought you something, Jaime. Do you like it? (ANN LAUGHING) ANN: Okay, okay, here we go. Oh, that's good. Good, Jaime. No, no. You know you hit it... Oh, that's wonderful, Jaime. That's wonderful. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (LAUGHING) Good, Jaime. That's good. (CREAKING) (PHONE RINGING) Hello? WOMAN: Is this Jaime SOMMERS? There was a problem at the cemetery last night. I'm sorry to bother you this early, but your parents' graves were vandalized. What? Could you come right over, please? Hello? WOMAN: Is this Jaime SOMMERS? Jaime SOMMERS? Jaime? Jaime? (PUZZLES BARKING) (WHIMPERING) Puzzles? ANN: Where is Puzzles? (LAUGHING) ANN: Jaime, have you seen Puzzles? Here, Puzzles! Puzzles! Come on, Puzzles! Puzzles! (CAR DOOR CLOSES) (ENGINE STARTING) Mother? HELEN: You could've imagined it all, Jaime. Helen, it wasn't a dream. I'm sure it wasn't. It was her voice. And I only got a glimpse of the face, but I swear it looked just like my mother. Honey, I want to believe you. But I was at the funeral, and so were you. Maybe it was the power of suggestion with the dream starting it... Starting what? An entire train of hallucinations? Well, all things considered, I don't see how she was there. Do you? Look, Jaime, Oscar's at the base. Let's call him. No! What are you gonna tell him? Helen, I am not hearing bells that aren't ringing, or voices that aren't talking, and I am not seeing people that weren't there. Look, I know you're trying to help me, but you're really not making things any easier. I'm trying to. Jaime, you've admitted to having emotional problems, and you know, funny, little troubles, you called it. Helen, what are you... I didn't say that. You did. What I mean is, you've had memory problems about Steve and other things. Oscar and Rudy asked me to keep an eye on you. Keep an eye on me? Oh, that's really cute. Now they've got you spying on me. Spying? We all care for you. We don't want anything to happen to you. Well, I'll make that unanimous. What about Puzzles? He isn't dead. Helen, I felt his fur with my own hand. I petted him, I saw his name on his tag. Oh, Puzzles is possible. Remember, he used to run away from our house all the time after the accident and go over to the old house. Yes, you could've seen him recently. Recently? Helen, I saw him two hours ago in the cemetery. Do you know that if what you're saying is true, I can't trust my own mind? I didn't say that. Because you love me. But that's what it all boils down to, isn't it? Where're you going? To my old house to find Puzzles! Maybe seeing him will tell me if he was really there or if I was. Jaime... JAMES: Jaime! Don't dig up the flowers. ANN: A girl has just as much right to dig as a boy. It's part of her development. I wouldn't be wild about a son digging up my roses either. MRS. NOAH: Jaime. Hi. Hi, Mrs. Noah. How are you? Oh, I'm just fine. (CHUCKLING) Good to see you. You, too. I was wondering when you'd come by and see the old place. Come on in. No, I just dropped by to see Puzzles. Is he around? Right there. Hello. You haven't been around to see much of him either. No, I haven't. Has he been behaving himself? Oh, yes. He still chases jack rabbits occasionally. Hasn't caught one for about eight years. Does he ever play around the cemetery, Mrs. Noah? Not that I know of. I can remember when I used to be his favorite toy. Ah. Okay. Thank you very much. It was nice to see you. Jaime, come back and see me. The door is always open for you. Thank you. (CAR ENGINE STARTING) JAIME: Mother? Mother? (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) JAIME: Helen? Hello, dear. Helen, I wasn't imagining it all. I just... Look who just dropped by. Hi. So you called him anyway, huh? I would have been angry with her if she hadn't. Helen, would you excuse us for a moment, please? Certainly. It was awfully nice of you to drop all the nation's problems and come over here, Oscar. Were you afraid I had blown a fuse literally? I usually carry a spare for my bionic friends. You know, I feel like I am getting special treatment number five. First you relax the subject, and then you gently tell her that she needs a room with mattress wallpaper in it. Why don't you sit down? Sit down. After Helen called me, I talked to Rudy. He says you're imagining. Sounds a lot better than hallucinating. Rudy thinks that that subconscious is working now. Now, you remember I gave you a dossier about your past life. When I gave you that dossier, there were some things I left out, things I couldn't tell you because I was afraid it might shock you, that you weren't ready for it. Now, the problem we've got is, we don't know if that accident drove this, what I'm about to tell you, out of your mind, or whether you didn't know about it at all. Now, I'm going to tell you the truth about your parents. They worked for the university. They were college professors. But your mother was also an undercover agent for the United States government. What? Top echelon, political science. Read it. The last sentence there. Oh, my God! Oscar... I never knew about any of this. You didn't? No, I didn't. (SIGHS) I'm sorry, Jaime. I guess I shouldn't have told you. You see, we thought that dream made this information surface, and all these things that are here were coming up, and by telling you about your parents would destroy the mystery of it. I'm afraid that we've just made things worse. No, you haven't. Because I did see that car again, Oscar. I did! Jaime, that woman exists only in your dreams and on these pages. I don't know what to think. Jaime... Take it easy, will you? Rest. Read some of this stuff, and... I'll call you in a couple of hours. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) I have to leave. But I brought you something, Jaime. Do you like it? HENDERSON: What could she hope to gain by finally telling Jaime SOMMERS she's her mother? BOYLIN: Money! She's broke! She needs money to run any further. We should be in Ojai in about an hour. You said you shot her in the arm. How badly was she hit? I couldn't tell. But the next time I won't miss. I brought you something, Jaime. Do you like it? (PHONE RINGING) Hello? Jaime, this is Betty Noah. The strangest thing just happened. What is it? Well, this woman came by and asked to see the house. And it was really kind of weird. She knew where every stick of furniture was when we moved in. And then she asked to see your old room, and asked a lot of questions about you. Now, I hope you won't think I'm crazy, but I could've sworn I was talking to your mother's ghost. Is she still there? No. She said she was in town for one day, and that she was gonna pay last respects to an old friend, and then leave. (STUTTERING) Who is this old friend? Did she say? Well, I was so shook up I didn't want to pry. Look, another funny thing. I noticed in the car a bouquet of yellow roses, and they looked like the roses from the old bushes around the house. Jaime? JAIME: Last respects? (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Oh. No, please. Who are you? Let me go! Tell me who you are! No, please. I didn't want you to see me. Please. Please let me go. Mother? No. No. Are you my mother? Are you my mother? Oh, Jaime. Oh, yes. So, why isn't this information in our files? Because the records are sealed and everything pertaining to the case is stored at the CBI in Los Angeles. Well, get them. Well, us underlings can't bring this kind of a mountain to Muhammad. Now, you control the thing, but you've gotta sign it out personally. All right. Get my helicopter on the pad. I'm going to Los Angeles. (PHONE RINGING) Hello? Helen, this is Oscar. Is Jaime there? Well, no, she isn't. I just came by to see how she is. Now, look, don't ask for answers that I can't give you to these questions, but as incredible as this may sound, the woman that's buried in that cemetery may not be Jaime's mother. What? It seems there were two Ann’s. I just... I just wanted to see you and then leave. I don't understand. If you didn't die, then who did I see buried here? It won't do you any good to know that, Jaime. Well, if I'm your daughter, I think you owe me an explanation. Yes, of course. You're right. But not here. What's... What's wrong with your arm? Nothing. Nothing. HENDERSON: Hey, you want to stop for coffee or something? BOYLIN: Nah, keep going. I want to get this thing over with. ANN: Her name was Chris Stuart. She was with your father in the accident. And the people who caused that accident were after me. There was something in a dossier about them being murdered. Jaime, you'll have to understand it in the context of that time, it was the early 1950s, the Cold War was very hot, and there was a lot of paranoia in the country. Those of us in undercover work thought we were doing something important and that it was worth the sacrifice. We were all afraid that the country was being undermined by foreign agents, and what we feared didn't happen. So, I suppose in retrospect, it all seems very foolish now. What are you scared of? Nothing. Look, can't we just stop driving for a while and talk? All right. If you turn off to the right up here on this road, there's an old barn. Oh, sure, the old Hanson place. ANN: Remember when I caught you hanging from those rafters? Why do all mothers think their children are suicidal? What was this Chris Stuart doing with my father? I needed a cover so I could attend conferences secretly. People didn't realize then how saturated this country was... Government agents in the universities, everywhere. So the department found an actress who looked enough like me to be my sister. And plastic surgery improved on that. You don't believe me, do you? Well, if what you say is true, then how do I know you're not Chris? It wouldn't matter if I were. In all the ways that count, I'm as dead as Chris and your father. No, I don't believe you. Maybe there were things that I didn't know about her, but the mother that I remember first of all, self-pity was not one of her traits, and secondly she loved me very much and she would have come back somehow. She would have at least tried to see me. Don't you think I did? I was at your high school graduation. I watched your first tournament. You took the center court match, six-love, six-love. And I watched what the Elgins were giving you. I saw you with Steve. You were building a good life. You were going somewhere. Should I have taken all of that away from you, Jaime? Was that any kind of love? What did I have to offer you? Well, I'm sorry you don't know. Well, maybe I do know better than you. The government decided I could go on working and be useful only if I was believed dead. They erased my existence. They sealed off my records, as they politely call it. Jaime, I was doing it for my country! For your country? What about for your daughter? The people who killed Chris and your father wouldn't have stopped if they'd known I was alive. They wouldn't have hesitated to kill you to get to me. Well, then why have you come back now? I didn't intend for you to see me. Oh, well, what does it all matter now anyway? Jaime, there's no reason for you to accept this on faith. But you like Helen, and you trust her. Let's go and see her. (DOOR OPENS) Jaime, where have you been? Oscar... Hello, Helen. Ann? Then it is really you? The shattered remains. Oscar called. He... He said he has reason to believe that Ann could be alive. The old furniture looks good in the new place. I was telling you 10 years ago to sell it. I was telling you... To mind my own business. That you were comfortable with it. Oh, Helen. You saved Jaime's racket! (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Oh. I meant to get that thing fixed. Helen. (STUTTERING) Is she my mother? Oh, Jaime, I honestly don't know. Please help me. And tell me something that only my real mother could possibly know. On... On the day of the accident, before your dad and I went to meet Chris, I gave you a present. You're my mother. Jaime. Oh, Jaime. (SOBBING) Well, that confirms it. There were two of them. You know, it beats me why there was no positive ID made at the time of the accident. I guess they just presumed that it was Ann. Call up Legal, Russ. I want to get a court order to open up that grave. I want to confirm that Chris Stuart is indeed in there. Then we can start looking for Ann. If she has surfaced, the other side wants her, too. Even more than we do. Steve and I were gonna be married, but I had a sky diving accident. Sky diving accident? You were badly hurt? Yes. But, you know, in some ways, these legs are a lot better than the ones you gave me. They're artificial? Well, yes, but they're bionic, Mom. Bionic? I don't understand. What is bionic? Well, bionic is... It's something you're just gonna have to see to believe. That's all there is to it. Now, Steve calls me the highest form of the art. However, I'm not quite so sure how scientific he means that. Mom, do you remember how I used to fall out of trees all the time? Yeah. Watch this. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (LAUGHING) Hi. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (THUDS) Oh. (EXCLAIMS) Well, here I am, your little girl. With a four on the floor and a 3.7 differential. (LAUGHING) See this? That is very strong, too. (TRACTOR CREAKING) (EXHALES) You know, Mom, we really are like mother like daughter. You see, I died and they brought me back to life. And, now, you've come back, too. Oh, Jaime. Hey, come on. I thought we were gonna be happy. (LAUGHS) Well, I am. I am happy. Happy to be here... (SNIFFLING) Glad to have this time with you. This time? Mother, come on. We have the whole rest of our lives. Now, I have some terrific plans. First of all, you're gonna move in with us, and then we're gonna pick up where we left off. No, that's not possible, Jaime. Oh, God! Oh, how I wish it were. What are you afraid of? (LAUGHING) Nothing. Oh, God. Lam so emotional. Lam just so happy to be here. Mother, I can see you have a problem. Why won't you share it with me? Jaime... (SIGHS) After my usefulness to the government was over, they finally let me go. I burned my bridges, and I had to find a job to survive. So I... I wound up working for the other side. Not... Not the group that killed your father, of course, but still the other side. You became a double agent? That's right. An embarrassment to both sides and now hunted by both sides. That's why I can't include you in my plans, Jaime. It would be too dangerous. I can't bring you down with me. I'm not gonna lose you again, Mom. We don't have anything to say about that, Jaime. Hey, do you remember the man that Helen spoke of? He can help us. His name is Oscar Goldman, and he works for the O.S.I. Help us? Jaime, he'd put me in prison, and I couldn't stand that. You see, I'm... I'm too old for that. Mother, he's a friend. He has to take orders, doesn't he? Everybody does. All right. Look, I promise, I won't say anything to him. But we're gonna have to buy us some time, okay? Come on! Where? Where're we going? Well, take your choice. New York, Chicago, Dubuque? (LAUGHS) (PHONE RINGING) Hello. Jaime, I've been trying to reach you. Where are you? Oh, hi, Oscar. I was just taking a walk. You know, trying to work things out. Well, I owe you an apology. You weren't imagining things. Has your mother been trying to contact you? My mother? No. Well, if she does, I'm at the cemetery here. Get through to me right away. What's up, Oscar? Well, we're confirming the body of a woman named Chris Stuart is buried in your mother's grave. Now, I'll be there in about a half an hour. I'll explain the whole thing. Meanwhile, stay there. All right. I won't move. Bye-bye. I told you. I've got no future. We'll figure something out. You know, Mom, we're very lucky. I had some pretty good paydays on the tennis tour. Of course, I've got all my money scattered around in a whole bunch of different savings and loan companies. I didn't want to lose my whole $20 on one crash. Just like your father. (CREAKING) Wait a minute. Somebody's coming. (CAR APPROACHING) ANN: It's them. They're here. They finally caught up with me. Hold it! (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Mom, go start the car. (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Come on. Let's go. Hey, what happened to the car? What the heck do I know? But we need another car right now. All right. Go on. Keep it going, huh? Yeah. All right. What've you got? You're not gonna like it, Oscar, but here it is. God! Are you sure there's not some mistake? Dental charts were conclusive. The body in that grave is Ann SOMMERS. It's Jaime's real mother. Well, the woman who's surfaced then must be Chris Stuart. And if that's true, Jaime's in a lot of trouble. Come on. Let's get out of here. Get that motor started. (ENGINE STARTING) Let's go now. Hit it. Check the plates on that car and phone them in. Jaime. Helen, where's Jaime? I don't know. That car outside, do you know anything about it? No. No, I don't. Oscar, the woman Jaime saw is her... Is an imposter. Her name is Chris Stuart. She was Ann SOMMERS' double. Oh, no! She was here. Oh, I should've called you, but she looked so much like Ann. Oh, I should've known better. Helen, let me ask you a question. Do you think that Jaime would tell Chris about her bionics? I don't know. But she does think that Chris is her mother. When our government let Chris go, she went to work for the other side. She's been selling them information, mostly false, for years. She's that desperate. Knowing about Jaime's bionics gives her the one hold she needs on life. Then you think she might sell Jaime to them, is that what you're saying? Voila! How much is in here? Oh, round figure's about $2,624.15. You know, the next bank is just down the street a little... No, no, no. This will be enough. I don't think so, Mom. 'Cause once you get there, you're gonna have to live, you know. No! Jaime, I didn't come here to take all your money. Well, it's our money. You paid for the tennis lessons. Jaime, I've got to tell you something. What's the matter? Nothing. I guess we've all got to do what we have to do. What are you talking about? Look, if that's enough money, fine. But we have to get you to the airport, so let's go, all right? Okay. (ENGINE STARTING) This is Oscar Goldman speaking. I want an all-points bulletin out on a Chris Stuart, alias Ann SOMMERS. Now, I want everybody in on this. The O.S.I., the MP's, the California Highway Patrol, the local police. Everybody! It's funny. All my life, nothing I ever planned turned out. All the best things that ever happened to me, just sort of happened. Like today, being here with you. Can you imagine me being here with you? (TIRES SCREECHING) (EXCLAIMS) (TIRES SCREECHING) Let me handle this, Mom. No. No. CHRIS: I'll talk to them. You stay here. Mother! Stay! CHRIS: Hello, Vic. BOYLIN: Hello, Chris. Hello, Chris. Chris. Chris. Oh, Chris. BOYLIN: It was a sucker move to come back here. I'd have had more trouble finding you otherwise. I've never been smart, Vic. Not even surprised to see me? CHRIS: No, no, I knew I would, if not today, tomorrow, next week, sometime. Let's not drag this out. You know I've got a job to do. Get the girl. You're not gonna kill her, too. BOYLIN: You got her into this. You're both one, as far as I'm concerned. Vic, I think you ought to know something. She's innocent. She doesn't know anything about this. I told her who I was and she lent me some money, that's all. Look, nobody will miss me, but they'll miss her. Won't they? I mean, they'll try to find her. Through her they'll trace me right to you. Come on, Vic, don't be sloppy. Loose ends aren't your style. I just don't want her to see you do it. (CHUCKLING) Vic, she's a school teacher in a hick town. Alive she's no problem to you. What about these? How're you gonna explain them? I'll take care of it. I just want to say goodbye to her. Okay? Don't tell her anything else. Don't worry. I'm all out of tricks. Jaime, these men are from the FBI. And I've got to go with them. But everything will be all right. You understand? You just stay here until after we're gone and nothing will happen to you either. I'll see you soon. Goodbye, baby. (ENGINE STARTING) Not quite goodbye yet. (CAR DOOR OPENS) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Jaime, look out! (GUNSHOT) (BIONIC POWERS ACTIVATING) Are you all right? Jaime... We've got to get you to a hospital. Jaime, I've got to tell you something. All right. Don't talk now. I'm not your mother. I know, Chris. (GROANING) Oh, God. (SIREN WAILING) Hello. Brought you some flowers. For old time's sake. Chris, Oscar just told me that... That you can get a light sentence or even suspension, if you'd help out with some information. Guess nothing's gonna cheer you up, is it? (CHUCKLES) Why didn't you turn me over to those men when you had a chance? I mean, you could have been home free, named your own price. You know, you were about two years old when I first saw you. Ann did let me take care of you sometimes. When we were all together. She and I started sharing so much. She told me she was buying you that locket. The times I spent here in the Ojai Valley were the best times of my life. Ann was the best friend I ever had. I loved her, I admired her, I wanted to be like her. I didn't come back here to cheat you. I knew it was only a matter of days before they found me. So, I just came crawling back to the only place I'd ever felt safe and loved. I would have helped you if you had told me who you really were. I know that. Oh, Jaime. I was so tired of being me. When I pretended to be Ann, and you believed me... Oh, it was so lovely. It was an escape. It was my big moment. You were my baby, if only for a few seconds. I finally... I finally got to be your real mother. Helen. Oh, hi, Jaime. Hi. How is she? I think she's gonna be fine. I'm ashamed to admit it, but I wasn't very happy when I thought she was Ann. Isn't it terrible? I was jealous. Oh. I didn't really want anyone taking my place with you. Well, Mom, come on. Mothers aren't like used cars. You know, you don't just change models on a whim. You mean, I'm locked into the job? No, I mean you're stuck with it. (LAUGHS) And don't tell me you haven't been known to think along those lines yourself. Remember the time I got a D in math? Or the time that I bumped the fender on your brand new car? (LAUGHING) You don't get to share those joys with anybody. Is that a promise? You bet. Oh, you're a sweetheart. I love you. I love you very much, too. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 