The Bionic Woman: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Bionic Woman 
 s1e2 - Welcome Home, Jaime: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Bionic Woman (1976–1978): Season 1, Episode 2 - Welcome Home, Jaime: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Jaime finds out her old adversary Carlton Harris has been laying traps for her in order to test her Bionic abilities. So she decides to play into his hands by pretending to have had enough of working for the OSI and infiltrate Carlton's organization. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OSCAR (VO): Jaime SOMMERS, the world’s ﬁrst bionic woman... has returned to Ojai, California where she and Steve Austin grew up. She was reunited with Steve's parents. Welcome home! Oh, thank you. It's so good to be home. It's good to have you home again. OSCAR: Jaime made a new home for herself (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (LAUGHS) OSCAR: And became a school teacher. Seventh and eighth gra... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who did that? (KIDS GIGGLING) I am not just another substitute. I am here to stay. I've always felt that the best way of teaching... was the gentle approach. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) OSCAR: But others were watching Jaime also. (TIRES SCREECH) Help! It's gonna explode! (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) That accident that you saw, that you passed by... may not have been an accident. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Someone may be trying to kill you. Uh, who? We don't know. But we think it might be safer for you to be away from here. Wait a minute, I came back to Ojai to put down some roots. All right, let me ask you something. Say there's another accident, only this time you're in the middle of it. HARRIS: Miss SOMMERS is quite a unique, young woman. Quite unique. I think it's time I went to Ojai. We have quite a few surprises in store for her. OSCAR: And now Part II of "Welcome Home, Jaime"... on the Bionic Woman. (MAIN TITLE THEME) (CHUTE RIPPING) (JET ENGINES ROARING) (KIDS CHATTER) That's okay. Come on, now. All right. Good question. Who's got an answer for that? Joey? Well, no woman signed the Declaration of Independence... 'cause it was harder for a woman to get a good education back then. There'd be a lot of women signing it nowadays. Yeah, you've come a long way, baby. (SCHOOL BELL RINGS) Okay, now listen. Wait, wait. Read chapter four tonight, and tomorrow we'll set up our own Continental Congress. Okay, bye. See ya. (KIDS SHOUTING, PLAYING) NEWS CASTER: On the global front... Ojai's own astronaut, Colonel Steve Austin... who is presently in Thailand, was given a royal welcome by the king... who is an amateur astronomer and space buff. The national weather service reports the following conditions: Ojai and the surrounding areas... fair weather for the balance of the week... (TIRES SCREECH) (TIRES SCREECH) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (TIRES SCREECH) (GASPS) Oh. (SIZZLING) MAN: Come on, let's get out of here. (ENGINE STARTS) (TIRES SCREECH) You know what makes me the maddest is that this was my favorite pair of shoes. Jaime, cut the kidding. You could've really been hurt. Well, accidents happen. Are you sure it was an accident, Jaime? Oscar called a little while ago. He said he'll be down tomorrow but the first thing he asked me... was if you were all right. He sounded worried. When have you ever known Oscar not to sound worried? Oh, Jai... Okay, I'll call him. (BIONIC EAR SOUND EFFECT) What is it? I don't know. Mom, would you do me a favor? Now go down to your house, call Oscar on your phone... and tell him to come here right away. Something strange is going on. Sure, sure. Okay. Okay. Hey, Miss SOMMERS? Tub's all washed up. Thanks, Teddy. We sure wouldn't want people to be dunking for apples... in a dirty tub, would we? Yeah. Hey, are you gonna come to the fair tomorrow? I'm sure gonna try. But you have a good weekend anyway. Okay, you too. Bye-bye. Bye. Hello, teacher. Hi. What'd you find out? We checked your car thoroughly. Garage says someone put a small charge in your brake lining. So it really wasn't an accident? You're right. You're right about your telephone, too. It is bugged. By whom? We trace it to two men in town. We think they've got you under surveillance. They work for a man called Carlton Harris. Carlton Harris. The lady killer, huh? (NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE) He owned that oil refinery in the Caribbean that Steve and I tried to break into. That's right, but he has much more than just an oil refinery. He's got a conglomerate of businesses... one of which we understand was recently awarded government contracts. That's a good one. So what is he? Good guy or bad guy? He's a bad guy, Jaime. There's nothing we can do about it. Why? Carlton Harris is a very shrewd man. He intermixes his legitimate business dealing with his illegitimate ones. We think that he's exporting government secrets, but we're not sure. Again, we can't prove it. We've lost three agents trying to infiltrate his organization. Lost? Yes, lost. Permanently. Which brings me back to the point, Jaime. We're concerned about your safety. Carlton Harris is trying to kill you because you attacked his refinery. Now what we... Wait a minute, Oscar. Why would he wanna do that? I messed up that mission completely. I did him no harm. If he wanted to kill me, wouldn't I be dead by now? Well, how do you explain these accidents then? I think he's trying to test me. That's what it is. What? He saw me use my bionics at the refinery... and I'll bet he's causing these accidents to find out more about me. It could be, but why? I don't know. Why do you test drive a car? Because you're thinking about buying it. Well, he certainly has the money to make you a good offer. Now if that is what's on his mind, why don't we make it a lot easier for him? Jaime, what are you talking about? Well, suppose he thought that I was fed up with you and the O.S.I. It would be a perfect opportunity for me to just go right into his camp. Now wait a minute, pal... Oscar, you said yourself you're having trouble getting a man in there. A woman would probably have a better shot at it. Jaime! It might work. If we could make him think... that we've had a fight, once I'm in his organization... I can look around for some hard criminal evidence. And we can put him away. Hmm... Might work. All right, you got it on one condition. You don't move until you let me plan this. Got yourself a deal. Oscar, is it possible that those two men that he sent to watch me are here on the base? Yes, it's possible. All right. Well, then brace yourself. I'm about to get mad at you. What? Oh. Oh, yeah. Okay. JAIME: No! I've had it with you! OSCAR: But, Jaime, listen. You've got to understand! I don't have to understand anything! A budget's a budget! You know what you can do with your budget! And don't give me a call until you have a much better deal! Jaime! Mr. Secretary, this is Oscar Goldman speaking. No, she hasn't come around yet. Still the money problem. Mr. Secretary, isn't there anything that you can do? (PHONE RINGS) (BIONIC EAR SOUND EFFECT) Hello? Hello, Jaime. This is, uh... This is Oscar. What do you want? Well, I'm calling because I'm sorry that you got so upset earlier. Well, just be glad I didn't get really mad and throw you through a wall. Jaime, I've been talking with the Secretary... and he thinks he might be able to raise your civil service rating. That means you'll get more money. How much money? Well, he's thinking about, oh, $19,000 a year. $19,000 a year for my services? What do you think I am, some kind of a bionic cocktail waitress? How about you being a little more reasonable, huh? Listen, I have been plenty reasonable enough with you. Don't call me back until you're ready... to talk about some money, and I mean some big money. (HANGS UP) Ah! Sorry, Oscar. JAIME: Don't call me back until you're ready to talk about some money... and I mean some big money. Well, now. This is a very interesting development. A trifle convenient, perhaps, but still very interesting. Still, in all, she did seem to be in a some kind of mental stress when I first met her. Maybe her attitudes now are an outgrowth of that. Oh, that was an excellent job, Bailey. Her brakes failing, yes, indeed. A masterpiece. Thank you, Mr. Harris. And it shows me once again how very special Miss SOMMERS is. What exactly is so special about her, Dad? You'll see, Donald. You'll see. Is something bothering you, Donald? You've been sort of quiet every since you graduated from law school last week. You're not still considering going into government work, are you? Not really, Dad. I want to work with you. That's my boy. You are still planning to concentrate your efforts... on your legitimate business interests and to drop the others, right? Oh, yes. And to a large extent, I've done just that, Donald. But you're going to have to learn something about the definition of 'Legitimate'. See, no business is without some minor corruption. I'm afraid that Plato's "Utopia" just doesn't exist. But I understand how you feel. Law school had the same effect on me when I was your age. I came out very much the idealist, like yourself. And long experiences taught me that the real world is a sliding scale of values. What may seem like corrupt behavior to one... is perfectly legitimate behavior to another. I understand that, Dad. I'm not quite as naive as that. But you make it sound as if everyone can be bought. Well, I feel that everyone can be persuaded. But corruption's just a point of view. Now take Miss SOMMERS. To her superior Goldman, she's about to become corrupt. But as far as I'm concerned... she's just beginning to realize her own worth. You'll see. (PHONE RINGS) Hello? HARRIS: Miss SOMMERS? Yes. Who is this? Carlton Harris. You remember me? Yes. Well, it's nice talking to you again. What do you want? I want to help you. How? Well, I'm aware of the current negotiation problems that you're experiencing with O.S.I. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, come now, Miss SOMMERS. Don't be coy. I'm in a position to make you a very wealthy woman. Now tell me that doesn't interest you. It might. Of course it does. But I must move quickly. So if you're really interested... meet me in the alley behind the Bank of Ojai in 10 minutes. Otherwise, we'll forget the whole thing. (HANGS UP) HARRIS: 10 minutes. Otherwise we'll forget the whole thing. HARRIS: She should be well in there by now. You never did tell me, Pop. What is so special about her anyway? You're about to see for yourself. Go. (TIRES SCREECH) Stop it! You'll hit her! She can't get out! Stop! (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (TIRES SCREECH) Well, Miss SOMMERS. You are very special indeed. And we have a lot of things to talk about. Jaime. Some Champagne? Thank you. To your health. And wealth. Ah, Donald. Did I tell you, Jaime, that my son just graduated from Harvard Law School... Magna Cum Laude? Yes, you did. Good morning, Donald. Well, I'm very proud of my boy. Someday, all of this will be his. (CHUCKLES) And you, my dear... are a fascinating blend of beauty... and truly remarkable strength. You're a regular Alan Funt, you know that? How are you able to do things like this? Well, I was in a sky diving accident. I lost both legs and an arm... so I allowed Goldman to make me a guinea pig... and test his bionic theories. Is it just your arm and your legs? Yes. Exactly how strong are you? (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL CREAKING) Strong enough. Fascinating. That almost makes me want to... overlook the fact that you so conveniently decided to join forces with me. Let's get one thing straight, Mr. Harris... I haven't decided a thing. You're simply my first offer. That's all. Now I would like to go home. No, no. Don't misunderstand, Jaime. I'm very anxious to have you join our organization. Well, I haven't heard one offer yet. How would you like to earn one million dollars in the next 24 hours? Now that sounds like an offer to me. What do I have to do? Well, there are several items I would like to acquire. And you'd like me to steal them? To put it coldly, yes. And we have an opportunity to acquire the first item... by attending a formal party this evening. A formal party? Well, I'm not really prepared for that, though. I'll have to go out and buy some clothes. I couldn't exactly go in this, you know. There's no need to leave my little compound here. I'm sure we can find clothing for you. Provided we have a deal. HARRIS: Have we? You better believe it. Excellent. Follow me. Does your father always come on like this? I think you'll find something in there to fit you. They're beautiful. It's only the beginning, my dear. Carlton, if we're gonna go, I better get dressed. Needless to say, I'm delighted to have you with us. I'm delighted to be here. (DOOR CLOSES) You old snake. (BIONIC EAR SOUND EFFECT) (TAPPED SIGNAL) OSCAR: So, she hasn't called you either, huh? No, and apparently she didn't come in at all last night. What does it mean, Oscar? Well, she's doing some work more me, Jim. But she was supposed to contact me first. Guess we'll just have to wait until we hear from her. What kind of work, Oscar? Some security work. Nothing too serious. You know, I think I'll have one of my men stationed over at her place. Maybe one over here too. 24 hours a day, in case she tries to get a message through. Well, if you're going to do all that, Oscar, it must be serious. You're worried, aren't you? No, Helen, she's all right. You hope so. JAIME: Who is it? Donald Harris. Are you decent? Almost. Come on in. JAIME: It's awfully hard to decide what to wear. I've had my differences with your father, but, uh... it's very difficult not to like someone who gives you such lovely things. Yeah. Dad always likes to stack the deck in his favor. And what's wrong with that? Nothing, I guess. Like? Very much. Would you hook me, please? Certainly I'm glad to see you can talk. You're easy to talk to. Well, he didn't give you much of a chance on the terrace, did he? You could say he's kind of dominant. But he really means well. Does he? Yes, I think so. He really is a very nice man. Well, frankly it doesn't matter to me what kind of man he is... as long as he continues to supply things like this. Do you really need it, though? What do you mean? Well, you had a successful career as a tennis pro. Must've made a comfortable income and now with your teaching. Well, Donald, there's comfortable... and then there's comfortable if you know what I mean. Only too well. Ohh. Sounds to me like your father's actions don't always please you. I guess you just didn't seem like the kind of person... who would let herself be bought so easily. Well, what can I tell you? I'm a very special person... and if I can work for someone who truly appreciates my abilities... and is willing to reward me, at such a grand fashion... why should I turn that down? I guess you shouldn't. If that's where your head is. And where is your head, Donald? Now we're going to the estate of Charles Butler, an industrial designer. A friend and a competitor. Now his design lab is in his home. In the safe is a packet of designs for something called Project Rebound. And you want that packet. No, my dear, we want that packet. (PARTY CHATTER) Listen, hey, I'm just tickled to have you here tonight, Jaime. Maybe you can give me a little advice on my backhand. Ah, you play tennis. CHARLES: Well, I play at it. Actually I think I'm doing pretty good if! don't injure myself. Come on. It can't be that bad. Everybody has trouble with their backhand. I did too. I've seen you play. I know better. Real champion, eh, Charles? Yeah. And you know what amazes me? Just take a look at that arm. Now how can anything so delicate and so feminine... have so much strength? Oh, but there's so much more there than meets the eye. Yes, but what does meet the eye is mighty pleasing. Say, Charles, isn't that D. Parkinson who just came in? Huh? Well, what do you know. He did show up. Will you excuse me, Jaime? Of course. Well, my dear, you're a hit. That what you're paying me for? No, I'm paying you to get that Project Rebound packet. Now? Yes. His design lab is the first door down that hall. The vault is inside. I trust you won't have any trouble with the high voltage time lock. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (CRACKS) (LOUD BUZZING) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (QUICK TYPING SOUND EFFECT) We're going to make a great deal of money together. Now... the next item must also be collected tonight. You don't waste any time, do you? I can't afford to. You see, I'm acquiring these items for a group of buyers... who must take delivery in the morning. Now, for this next gambit, you'll need a change of clothing. A certain look. You'll find a sketch along with your clothes upstairs in your bedroom. Okay. But, uh, please don't leave just yet. Give me a few more moments to admire you. Carlton. I really am quite drawn to you, you know? Certainly, you can sense that. I'm sure it's part of the reason why I allow myself to... trust you. Father? Uh, I have to speak to you for a moment alone. Oh, very well. Jaime was just going up to change. Do hurry, my dear. I will be down as soon as I can. You okay? Huh? Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. (BIONIC EAR SOUND EFFECT) DONALD: Father. What's the trouble? DONALD: Um, well, it's about, uh... It's not a problem, it's just that... For goodness sakes, Donald, stop fumfering. Go pour yourself a brandy or something. Uh, yes, um, I believe I will. DONALD: Property of the US. Navy, Top Secret. Is this what Jaime stole this evening? Yes. Dad, what are you involved in? I mean, the government? Donald, Donald, you're going to have to learn... to put yourself above business interest. Even above government interests. (BIONIC EAR SOUND EFFECT) HARRIS: I've told you it's all corrupt... to one degree or another. This is top secret material. Donald, everybody steals from everybody. In business, government, everybody does it. There's nothing new about it. HARRIS: Not before you were born. It started before I was born. And the rewards are bountiful. It doesn't make it right, Dad. It all depends on your point of view. Now take this latest transaction. It simply involves our collecting a few plans... and some key components to a classified sonar device... the Navy is building for its nuclear submarine. (CARLTON LAUGHS) One of my own companies even has a contract to supply one of the components. That's howl became aware of Project Rebound. And it's value. Now, I have a very powerful group of foreign buyers... taking delivery at 8:00 tomorrow morning. To them what we're doing is very right. Now is there something you wanted to talk to me about? Huh? Um... Uh, yes... I wanted to talk to you about Jaime. Well? Um... (BIONIC EAR SOUND EFFECT) I'd like to talk to you later. There's something I'd like to check out first. CARLTON: Fine. We must move quickly so as not to disappoint our buyers. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Ah. I must go see if Jaime's ready. (CRICKETS CHIRPING) As soon as you're in the complex... what you are looking for is an electronic component. The LD 1-3 sonic modulator. It should be in the room I described. Any questions? Nope. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Donald. What... You don't mind if I go along, do you? You don't have anything to hide, do you? Well, of course not. Okay, now you wait here. I think I'll do better in there by myself. Yes, I'm sure you can. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (FAST TYPING SOUND EFFECT) Leaving another note? Now pick up that note and the component and let's go. We have some problems to discuss. OSCAR: Charlie, when did this theft occur? CHARLES: I noticed it two hours after the party. The more I look at it, the more it looks like somebody just pulled it apart. That's impossible. Of course that's impossible. Keep a guest-book? Yeah. First thing your man picked up. Hey, let me see that. I sure feel badly that this had to happen this way, Oscar. I mean, I know that you and the Secretary trusted me... to keep my copies of the sonar design safe, but... It still might be safe. I know who's behind this theft. You do? Can you tell me? We go back a lot of years. You know! can't give away any trade secrets... but I've got an agent on top of it. The agent is working within the thief's organization. I'm sure glad to hear that. The only problem I have is not being able to communicate with that agent. You know, if you shoot me, I'm not going to be able to drive very well. Pull off to the side up here. Oh now, see, that worries me a lot. Just pull off to the side, Jaime. DONALD: Turn off the engine. You're a spy, aren't you? You're working undercover for the O.S.I. Uh... when you're right, you're right. You know, in a way, I'm kind of glad. What? I just didn't want to believe that you'd sell out so easily. Why? I like you, Jaime. Is that why you didn't show your father the first note? Or have you done that already? No, I didn't. I was going to... but then I realized that Project Rebound was top secret government material. That's right. Now that you know both sides, what are you gonna do? Look, I want you to understand something. I love my father. I feel an obligation to protect him. Beyond that, I have a great respect for his abilities. He can be warm and compassionate. What are you getting at? I wanna make a deal. What kind of a deal? I'll return the Project Rebound material in exchange for my father's freedom. I couldn't do that even if I wanted to. He's responsible for the deaths of three O.S.I. agents. I don't believe you. It's true. He even took a couple shots at me. No! My father could not do that. I mean, he couldn't do some... Donald, did you think that you could sit and hold a gun on somebody like this? Is that what you went to law school for? How do I know you're telling me the truth? Oh, Donald, I'm sorry... but it is true. Now there's gotta be proof hidden somewhere here, and that's why I'm here. They sent me to find it. And now I've gotta prevent him from selling that sonar unit as well. Why are you doing this? You're putting yourself in a lot of danger. Because I believe what I'm doing is right. And so does he. Are you going to expose me? If what you say is true... if it's true... and I can prove it to myself... I can't stand in your way. (PHONE RINGS) Hello? Yeah, this is Charlie Butler here. Oh yes, Charles. I'm Sony to call you so late... but something happened here tonight that I thought you oughta know about. As sort of one government contractor to another. Oh, what's the problem? Well, I'm calling all my friends that've got companies... that are involved in this Project Rebound. Somebody broke in here tonight... and stole all the designs for the heart of the sonar unit. No. Really? How dreadful. (TIRES SCREECH) I thought maybe you'd like to tighten up your own security a little. Oh yes, Charles. I'll certainly see to it. Are there any leads? Well, a friend of mine... Oscar Goldman with O.S.I. is into it. Goldman? Of course, he's right on top of whoever stole it. In fact, he told me... that he had an agent inside. He does? Yeah, O.S.I. is a sharp organization. Carlton? Are you there? Yes, Charlie, I was... I was just thinking over what you said. Thank you very much for calling me. I'm... very glad to have that information. JAIME: You always get up this early on a Sunday morning? Yes, when there's unfinished work to be done. This is the last item that we have to acquire. Yes, and it's going to require all your bionic skills to get it. You're going to have to be a kind of a bionic cat burglar. What do I have to do? Well, you're going to infiltrate this electronics firm. CARLTON: Electrodyne Incorporated. Top security building. JAIME: Just as we discussed earlier, right? CARLTON: Right. And once inside the vault... you'll find a yellow padded envelope containing a printed circuit. And that's it? Correct. All right, now wait five minutes, then make your move. Okay. Wish me luck? Oh, yes, indeed. All right, go tell our guests I'll be joining them in a moment. Certainly, Mr. Harris. Donald? Well, it looks like you've been busy. Or have you finally decided to take an interest in my business affairs? You've lied to me, Father. (CHUCKLES) What're you talking about? I'm talking about this. Talking about what I found in your safe last night. You shouldn't have gone in there, Donald. But I have. That is my private file. Oh, I can understand that. Because it certainly spells out just how corrupt your business dealings are. Corrupt and violent! Uh, put that material back, Donald. See these letters clearly show you indictable in the deaths of three people! Put them back, Donald. Is that all you can say? Don't you feel any remorse? Don't you feel anything? What kind of a man are you? Oh, climb down off your high horse! Remember, I'm your father! But, Dad, you had three men killed. The world can be a very difficult place, Donald. It's survival of the fittest. It always has been. You'll learn to realize that... No! I'm not gonna learn anything more from you! Not from you! I've always been very proud of you, Donald. I'd like to feel that I have you with me. But if you're... If you have no desire to share my victories... then, uh, you may leave. I think you'd be foolish to do that. Because I am just about to make the biggest sale of my career. I am about to show my foreign buyers... something that is 40 times more valuable than Project Rebound Sonar Unit. I would like to know that I do have you with me, son. Wealth... and power are the keys to all things. Think before you throw those keys away. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) I know how interested you are in the sonar unit, gentlemen... but I thought you'd find Miss SOMMERS far more interesting. Once you've seen all that she can do... I'm sure you'll be anxious to pay handsomely for her. (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (METAL CREAKING) (METAL CREAKING) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) Welcome, Jaime. I don't believe this. You did an excellent job getting in here. My foreign friends here were quite impressed with your abilities. And I'm sure they're quite anxious to take you apart... and study you. Don't do anything foolish. You're swift but you can't outrun a bullet. Now, if you'll come with me. Quietly. No, Father! Donald! I won't let you do this. Don't be ridiculous! Put that gun down before you hurt yourself. Don't tell me what to do anymore! Now come on, Jaime... (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (FIZZLING) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (LOCK CLICKS) (BIONIC SOUND EFFECT) (SIGHS) You okay? Yeah. You know! have to call the O.S.I. I'm awful sorry about your father. So am I. OSCAR: Thanks to you, Jaime, we've been able to indict Carlton for murder. What about Donald? He's going to take some time off, collect his thoughts... and look for a job, maybe with a law firm. He'll do okay, 'cause he did well in college. Well, that makes me feel a little better. Jaime? You did good, and I'm proud of you. Steve would be, too. How is he? Oh, he's fine. He's finishing up the job in Thailand, sends his love. Well, give him mine, too. Hey, you know what? This is the first time you've ever sent me on a mission and I haven't messed it up. I actually think I'm going to be okay. I think so, too. Miss SOMMERS! Everyone looked for you at the fair yesterday. Oh, I'm sorry. I wanted to come. I had so much running around to do. It was very important. I wanted to see you dunk for apples. I'm, oh... I'm sorry I missed it. Well, I saved one for you anyways. Oh, an apple for the teacher. Corny, huh? No, I think it's terrific. (END THEME MUSIC) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 