Office Girls: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Office Girls 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Office Girls (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I am Sheng Xin Ren, Operations Department specialist at Jing Shi Department Store. I've been working for four years. I only use unleaded gasoline #92. I never treat anyone to anything. I never buy clothes that are more than 10 bucks. I don't go to the movies. I don't sing karaoke. I don't take taxis. The reason why I'm so thrifty, is because I want to buy my own apartment, and have my mom come live with me. Today is the most anticipated day of my life. Everything you do is being watched by the heavens. As an office worker, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I swallow my pride. I do everything asked of me and more. Overtime is my middle name. I never talk back to my bosses. I work hard to save money. With my limited wages, I've finally saved up to the first million dollars in my life. PRINT RECEIPT ONLY That's right. This million might be a small step in the global economy, but it's a giant leap in my life. This million takes me closer to my dream of becoming a home owner. Miss, this is an ATM machine, not a Xerox machine. So sorry. Even though I'm very thrifty, I sometimes allow myself a little bit of luxury. Fashion godfather Yu Cheng Feng is my idol. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Although I can't afford to buy his clothes, I can buy magazines that feature him. Why won't it start? It's 8:52 already. I'm an ordinary office worker. Ordinary appearance, ordinary body, ordinary IQ, ordinary education background, ordinary performance, ordinary income. Even my fashion style is ordinary. Some people might find the life of an office worker to be boring. But I don't at all. I like working in an office. I believe as long as I work harder, I will surely succeed. Sheng Xin Ren, go! OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT SHENG XIN REN - OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT Ms. Liu Yu Le, what are you doing? Let me see. You're not trying to punch in for our Sheng Xin Ren, are you? Of course not, Mr. Shi. I was just worried Xin Ren can't find her card later. - So I'm just holding it for her. - She's not here. What are you pulling? Punching in for someone else is a violation of company policy. You work in Admin, how can you not know this? You young people today, you have no idea people like me who work so hard... - Look, hot girls! - BS! Hurry! All right. Sheng Xin Ren. You're really lucky this time. I was just thinking, you're about to end your record of never being absent or late for four straight years. Mr. Shi, I will leave my house earlier in the future. I have a meeting with the GM this afternoon. Prepare the sales report for the past three months and leave it on my desk. Mr. Shi, as the manager, I thought you were responsible for the sales report? That's right. I'm responsible for reporting. But you're responsible for getting the report ready. Go! Get lost. Xiao Tsai, I just landed. Which car are you going to drive to come pick me up? What? You call that a stretched car? If my luggage won't fit, you'll have to figure it out. ARRIVALS LEVEL, NO. 1 SOUTH GATE Picking me up in this car? It's so tacky. Where's Xiao Tsai? Xiao... Tsai? Never mind, go load up the luggage. Lele, look. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. One million, seven digits. I thought I had to save for another month, but last year's tax returns came in. Now I'm one step closer to my dream place. One million! Calm down, Sheng Xin Ren. - Lower your voice. - That's true. Now that I'm a millionaire, I have to be low-key. Let me borrow this. - What are you doing? - I'm posting it online. It's too boring just posting my breakfast every day. If I post something about having saved up the first million of my life, a bunch of people will "like" my post. Take one for me. Don't you have your own phone? - Please take one for me. - Fine. One, two, three. Who are you? Who the heck are you? Te? What Te? I'm sorry, Boss. I don't understand. Pissant! What's the matter with you? Do you have a death wish or what? Do it. I can't see. I can't see anything... Boss. So tall and strong. Japanese is good. Is good... Sayonara. Sayonara, bye-bye. Mr. Jason, where are you? Where do you think? Stretched car? Yes, this vehicle is slightly longer than regular passenger cars. My old man told you to do this, right? You don't have to answer, I know. He's the only person in the world who would do this. He's always trying to embarrass me. Hello? Yes. Yes, thanks. Mr. Jason, your luggage has been found. They were tossed on a highway ramp near the airport. I'll go back and fetch them later. I told you to prepare a sales report. Now you actually gave me a report. Look at this. Pages and pages of tiny, boring sales numbers. The GM would be so annoyed to see this report. Didn't I tell you already? Make up a few goals, think of several slogans. At the meeting, all the managers will applaud and praise you. Here, do it over. Look at how thick this is. You think it's a thesis or something? Listen carefully. Your re-do version must not exceed two A4-sized pieces of paper. Get it done and place it on my desk. You hear me? Yes, I understand. I have other meetings to go to. This is the Operations Department. I'm Sheng Xin Ren. The part-time worker for the sales event didn't show up again? Wait for me. I'll head over right now. JING SHI DEPARTMENT STORE Mr. Jason, we've arrived. Mr. Jason. Why did you take me to the department store? The chairman gave instructions to take you to see him right away. What's the hurry? Why can't I go back and rest first? Is he going to talk to me about taking over the company? I'm not sure. Mr. Jason, please. Mr. Jason, you have to be strong this time. The third floor is hosting a joint sales event. Please go check it out. - Miss, can I have a balloon? - Sure. Here you go. - Thanks. - You're welcome. Third floor is hosting a joint sales event. Please go check it out. - Third floor is hosting a joint-- - I want a balloon. Sure. Please go check it out. Joint sales event. Dinosaur girl... You, come here. What is it? Give this balloon to that lady over there. Why should I do this for you? Isn't helping customers a basic service for the department store staff? Excuse me, helping a random creep pick up girls is not part of the customer service. Random creep? Me? That's right. You. How can you display this type of attitude? You're just a part-time worker. So what if I'm a part-time worker? Who are you, anyway? If I become the boss of this place one day, I'll fire you first. Boss? Like hell you'll be the boss. I'm more likely to be your supervisor. I swear, if you become my supervisor, I'll wear the dinosaur suit. Sure, the chances of that happening are much higher. Why don't you put it on right now? Go on. Put it on right now. - Fine, I'm not afraid of anything. - Here's the head piece. Go ahead. Put it on. Don't waste your time. She's already gone. What's the number on the balloon? 0989... What in the world? Forget the number. What kind of a person does that? Come in. Dad. Did you read the proposal I sent you right before I came back? It's pretty well written, right? I read it. Of course I read it. It's the proposal that wants to demolish the old community around the department store. - Yes. - Not bad, full of your own style. I learnt something while I was abroad. A department store shouldn't just be a place that sells stuff. From the building exterior to the surrounding environment, we should infuse cultural concepts such as public art. So demolishing those old houses is the first step in realizing my proposal. That's pretty bold. Not bad. And the first thing I'm going to do after taking over the company is, I will get distribution rights for Ninth Street Espresso for the Asia region. I can't help it. When I first got to New York, I completely fell in love with their coffee. That's a great plan. How much money would you need? I think I can get it for less than 20 million US dollars. The owner's son Nelson is my buddy. - Only 20 million USD? - Yes. That's pretty cheap. Dad, you've improved. You're so decisive. I haven't improved. I haven't changed. I mean, I don't mind if you want to pay this money. What? You don't have money? I'll give you a chance to make some money. From now on, you'll start from an entry level position. Work hard and do your best. Quit joking around. You sent me to the U.S. for an MBA degree. Isn't the goal to have me take over the position as General Manager? What are you ready for? Ready to single-handedly destroy my life's work? How much of my money did you spend studying in the U.S.? Everyone else only needs two years to get a Master's Degree. It took you five years. While in school, you slept during the day and stayed up all night. You think I don't know what you were up to? Dad. I do admit I spent slightly too much time playing in the past. But now I'm totally focused on my career. You want me to start from entry level, I understand. I can compromise and start as a manager. Manager? Fine. From now on, you're a new employee of the Operations Department. You start as an assistant. No, a manager. You start as an assistant. From now on, you only spend the basic wages you make. You must also sign these five contract agreements. One, you must never reveal your identity at the company. Second, your annual evaluation must be within the top ten percentile. Third, you cannot spend family money. No credit cards. Fourth, you cannot live at home. Fifth, you cannot reveal the existence of these contracts. If you don't breach the contract agreements after a year, then I will consider letting you take over the company. If I do breach the agreements? That means you have no skill to survive in this workplace, let alone run the place. When that happens, Mr. Qin, you will have to look for a job online. What are you laughing at? What have I done to make you despise me so? I don't want to take over the company anymore. Jason. How did it go? Not so well. Come in. Mr. Chairman. You've been with me the longest. You also understand Zi Qi. I think you would support my idea. Jing Shi Department Store is like my son. I can't stand to see another son destroy it. Leave it to me. Please. HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT Zi Qi, your father sent you abroad to let you study, not to play. I did study. I even got the diploma to show for it. Isn't that what he wanted? I'm telling you, your father's serious this time. If you perform well... Auntie Fon, you've worked for him for decades. Don't you know what he does for fun? He takes joy in putting me down. No matter how well I do, he'll never be satisfied. I'm starting to think maybe I'm not his real son. - Of course you are. - How would you know? I... I don't need to engage in this conversation with you. You can always prove your father wrong by demonstrating your worth. These are your contract agreements. Unless you don't have the guts for it. Also, from now on, please call me Deputy General Manager Fon. Yes, Deputy General Manager Fon. Is there anything else I can do for you? Yes, this is your employee bank book. And Mr. Tsai already rented a place for you. From now on, you'll be living on your own. Here are the keys and address. Thirty grand. - Is that in US dollars or euros? - New Taiwan Dollars. - No way. - Yes way. I spend more than 30 grand in one night. You must understand, this is an advance that the company gave you. It will be deducted from your monthly wages from now on. You have to understand, this is the first time in the company's decades of history to issue an advance. You must plan your spending carefully. What? You don't have what it takes to play this game? Do I have the option to say no? Of course you do. Can I call you this from now on? Call me what? Wuss. Let me see that. It's just a survival game, right? I'll play with him. QIN ZI QI OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT Sheng Xin Ren, what is this? Look at it, it's covered in small print numbers and letters. If you're so good at fine print, why don't you draft contracts? I've tried to only select the main points, but there's just too much data, it won't fit on two A4 pages. A4 is just an example, all right? Take it for example, get it? You made the font so small. Must I bring along a magnifying glass for my report to the GM? Don't you know how to adapt to the situation? - I can enlarge the report. - No, don't bother. Since it's already done, you can come with me to the meeting. Go with you? What? Are you questioning me? I'll let you see with your eyes, how us higher-ups conduct cross-departmental meetings. You're not allowed at the meeting if you're not a big shot. It's your blessing to have me for a boss. You should treasure the opportunity, you hear me? Remember, at the meeting, you can only speak when I tell you to. Do not speak at random. Yes. Hurry up, get going. What? You got lost again? Mr. Shi, this is your new assistant. His name is Qin Zi Qi. This is his human resources file. I'll leave him with you. See you later. - Bye-bye. - Bye. - You? - Dinosaur girl. Who are you calling "dinosaur girl"? You two know each other? - No. - No. Qin Zi Qi. - Degree in corporate management. - Right. Hey... you were sent directly from the Human Resources Department. That means you must have some background or know someone in the higher ups. Do tell, who are you related to? One, you must never reveal your identity at the company. I applied for the job myself. No one recommended me. Well, then, Mr. Qin. Listen up. The Operations Department is the most important division at Jing Shi Department Store, especially with me. Under my wise, meticulous guidance, our department has the best performance out of the entire department store. Mr. Shi, I'd like to know how you set the annual goal for the Operations Department. Don't you worry about this. Your most important goal for now is to observe and absorb everything. Follow your boss, which is me, and do as I tell you. Get it? What if the boss is heading in the wrong direction? Excuse me, do you think what I just said is right or wrong? Some of it right. Some of it wrong. I think this department's goal should be reaching a consensus for the entire team. Okay. Mr. Qin, you think just because your last name is "Qin," you must be a relative of our Chairman, or what? Yeah, right. Our department's goal is, you do whatever I tell you to do. You there. You take care of the rookie. Sure. No way. Mr. Qin, do you really think anyone named Qin is the boss? I don't give a hoot. You want to make Team Leader, right? You have to learn how to train underlings. He's in your hands now. - So you are... - Yes, I am. - So do I really need to... - You need to. - I was joking with you. - I am serious. Let me introduce the colleagues to you. It's lunch time. I'm going to eat. Hey! Qin Zi Qi! Qin Zi Qi! Qin Zi Qi! It's office hours. Where are you going? I told you, I'm going to eat. It's almost noon. I was going to introduce the colleagues. You didn't even listen. Is this the kind of attitude a newcomer should have? What kind of an attitude should a newcomer have? Respect your supervisor. So it doesn't matter if the supervisor is dead wrong, the subordinates must always shut up and obey? That's not respect. I don't care. The manager asked me to train you. If you don't perform well, I'm liable, too. I'm really hungry. We can talk while we eat. I already have plans with my friend. Bring them all. Our department store has 252 shops. The Operations Department is responsible for managing the floors, as well as assisting the shops to reach their sales goals. I'm talking. Can you stop for a moment? The steak won't taste good if it's cold. You talk, I'm listening. Go ahead. All right. Anyway, one... Have you decided yet? I can't spend a whole day's pay on one meal. No way. Order whatever you want. My treat. Why didn't you say so earlier? Lele! Qin Zi Qi, don't you try to bribe me. I don't care. If he wants to be a spendthrift, I'm willing to be bribed. Liu Yu Le! I'm starving. Are you guys hungry? Are they staff of the company? That Mandy is always hanging onto Zheng Kai Er. Why doesn't she transfer to the Leasing Department? Zheng Kai Er. She's the assistant manager of our Leasing Department. She's got mega PR skills. Roses. You receive flowers at lunch, too? What matters is that she's gorgeous. Quit staring. She's surrounded either by wealthy businessmen or rich heirs. A wage-earner like you, with no car, no money, and no property? You have no chance with her. Bye-bye. Also, send a bottle of 1982 Lafite for that lady over there. A 1982 bottle of wine? Qin Zi Qi, you want to spend money to get her attention? Do you even have that kind of money? It's just pocket change. Sheng Xin Ren is such a penny-pincher. I can't believe she'd come here for lunch. Who is that guy she's sitting with? He's a new employee at our department. First day here, and he's already talked back to Shi Te Long. I don't think he's going to last for more than a month. But he's super cute. What good is that? Can you live on being cute? He's just a poor little assistant. Haven't you noticed he's covered in luxury brand clothes and accessories? Mandy, do you know his background? Shi Te Long asked, no background. Mister, your card was declined. Do you have another one? How's that possible? Your equipment must've malfunctioned. Do you know what this is? Black Card. Black Card. Repeat it. - Black Card. - Very good. - Go back and try again. - I already tried many times. Would you like to use another card or pay cash? Are you done? Give it back. You cannot spend family money. No credit cards. I... Excuse me. I'll pay the check later. Hold on a second. Hello? Did you cancel my credit card? I'm the primary cardholder. I pay the bill. Why can't I cancel it? You're messing with me. I told you very clearly this morning. You think I was joking around? Also, if you want to contact me during office hours, you have to get permission from your supervisor first. Hello? You're serious about this. Qin Zi Qi. You're unbelievable. Didn't you know your credit card had exceeded the limit? Your tab was $139. I paid it for you. - I'll get cash and pay you back later. - What? No, you take out cash now. Come on, let's go. Your balance is zero. Qin Zi Qi, you're quite bold. Only $900 in the bank and you still tried to act rich to impress a girl. Living in this big scary world, aren't you afraid of emergencies? How I spend my money is of no concern to you. - Keep the change. - Wait. Giving you back the change is only right. Here, 500 back. Making money isn't easy. You should spend it wisely. All that talk about treating us? "Pocket change"? Phony. Our Jing Shi Department Store has always been the leader in retail business. However, this quarter, our sales number plummeted. Our sales revenues are closer and closer to the five big retail brands. About this, I'm sure all the departments have already come up with a solution. Mr. Hu, let's hear from you first. Mr. General Manager, the Leasing Department has always done their job to attract all of the top brands. Of course, we will have to continue to explore and push the existing market. As for the Operations Department, the contractors they work with... every single one of them has issues. Where is the Operations Department's Deputy General Manager, Ms. Chu? Mr. General Manager, Ms. Chu took the day off for her OB exam. I'm her fill-in for the day. Does your Operations Department have a solution? We've definitely got ideas. Our department motto is "Always Be Ready." Let's have Sheng Xin Ren report to the General Manager. Mr. Shi, you didn't ask me to prepare for this. I don't care if you're ready or not. Just go for it. Yes. Mr. General Manager, after long-term observation, we realize our collaborating shops overlap with other department stores. This takes away the distinction of our department store brand. Ms. Sheng, our Leasing Department has already amassed world-renowned brands. If you think that's not enough, please provide concrete solutions, and we can rectify the situation right away. Go! GODFATHER OF FASHION - YU CHENG FENG THREE-TIME WINNER OF FRENCH DESIGN AWARD For example, fashion designer Yu Cheng Feng's brand. Not only do all the celebrities go gaga over his stuff, even magazines with him on the cover are selling like hot cakes. If we could get his brand into our department store, it would definitely raise our profile. Yu Cheng Feng? Didn't he refuse to set up shop at department stores? Mr. General Manager, Ms. Sheng doesn't know any better. It's a terrible example. She's mistaken. We don't have to get Yu Cheng Feng. Mr. General Manager, I'm sure Operations brought up Yu Cheng Feng because they have a plan. Right, Ms. Sheng? Ms. Sheng, don't tell me you only have opinions but no action plan? Why don't we do this? Let's make this a special project and let the Operations Department handle it. How many days do you need? I'm doomed. You sure have guts. Of all the brands out there, you had to pick Yu Cheng Feng. Are you trying to sabotage me? I told you right before the meeting, "Think before you speak." You wouldn't listen. Now, you promised Yu Cheng Feng. You also agreed to the one-month time limit. You best be able to deliver. Mr. Shi, you're the one who agreed to it. It's true. I did agree to that. But under those circumstances, I had no other choice. The GM is so scary. There was no way I could say no. You think I wanted to say yes? I don't care what you want. You did make the promise. My bright future is now in your hands. You better work hard. Hello, my name is Sheng Xin Ren, from Jing Shi Department Store. The thing is, we want to invite Mr. Yu Cheng Feng's brand to set up shop in our department store. Yes. I know you don't do department stores. You only do direct retail stores. But we're really sincere. Could we ask for a little of Master Yu's time? Just a little will do? Hello? Seriously, why did you have to bring up Yu Cheng Feng? In front of the General Manager, no less. I was just giving an example. Who knew it would end up like this? Poor Sheng Xin Ren, you really make people feel your pain. I have an idea that could help you out. What is it? It's easy. Just treat Yu Cheng Feng like a nobody. Giving him an opportunity to lease here is doing him a favor. Make like you're above him. Maybe he would agree. Why are you sighing? Do you know why sales have declined? - Who knows? - Do tell. It's because of employees like you. You're either stupid, or take joy in other's misery. You're either only wise after the event, or prefer to do less rather than more. With people like you, sales will never grow. Excuse me, apart from criticizing and complaining, what else can you do? I'd love to do something, I just lack the opportunity. Of course you have opportunities. You can help Xin Ren take care of Yu Cheng Feng. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 