Office Girls: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Office Girls 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Office Girls (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 DINNER IS READY, COME UP AND EAT It's so late. Why don't you take a cab? I like taking the bus at this hour. Why? Because there are few commuters and cars on the road. I can think about things, without worrying about encountering bad taxi drivers. Think about things? Like what? Nothing. You're upset? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You can tell me what you're upset about. I'm happy to lend an ear. What are you laughing at? I don't think we know each other that well. How can we get to know each other if you don't give me a chance? Give me a chance, come on. You're drunk. Go home and get some rest. I still think your watch is beautiful. Although last time you said it's fake, I think it's more beautiful than the real deal. Don't forget, you said you'd give me one, too. I haven't forgotten. How can I forget? Grade A counterfeit, right? I'll take you to buy one next time. You have to know where to look. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You have to go to a street corner, look for the man by the door. - There's even a password to get in. - My bus is here. Thank you for treating me to a nice meal. Thank you for keeping me company while I wait for my bus. Goodnight. Bye-bye. Your designs are really beautiful, but I can't afford it. I couldn't afford it then, I can't afford it even more so now. If you're willing to open a shop, I will design an open space to allow more people to see your designs. So more people like me who can't afford your designs will have an opportunity to see your work. You really haven't sold a single item? Sorry, your design style is not quite compatible with a small boutique shop like ours. Please don't say that. I'm ever so grateful to you, for keeping my clothes on the rack. But my boss told me, we have to clear some space for hot-selling items. I'll gather your stuff later, you can take them back. I'm sorry. Can you let me keep them here for a few more days? Maybe a lot of customers haven't seen them. I really don't have extra display room. So sorry. Please don't give me a hard time. She's here, again? Hello, Michael? Book a ticket to Paris for me. Dinner is ready. Come up and eat. Sheng Xin Ren. Sheng Xin Ren. Who's there? - What are you doing here? - I should be the one asking you that. This is my apartment. That's not important. Hand it over. - Give it to me. - Give it here. Qin Zi Qi, what are you doing here? I'm here to shower. Are you done showering? Half done. Are you cold? I asked you to come up to eat, not come up and shower. I only did that because I was too drunk. I'm a victim here, too. What victim? You jerk! - What if I get a sty tomorrow? - Tomorrow? I'm getting one now. Qin Zi Qi, I'm warning you, if you tell anyone about this, you're dead. I'm more worried about you telling other people. Consider yourself lucky for seeing me naked. Get lost! What did you see? Come on, do tell. How should I know what that was? JING SHI DEPARTMENT STORE Xin Ren, can you give Lele this cake for me? - Tell her it's from me. - Sure. Mr. Shi, would you like a piece of cake? Let me tell you, before we can wrap up this Yu Cheng Feng case, I don't have any appetite. You two, have you nailed the big mission I entrusted to you? Give me an update, right now. Come on! I... Hello? This is Sheng Xin Ren, Operations Department. Master Yu? Seriously? Okay, I see. What is it? Well? Yu Cheng Feng is coming to our department store. And he's almost here. Mr. Shi, you're the best. Yes! Mr. Shi, you're awesome. Yes! Come on. Hurry. Master Yu, thank you for coming all this way. Sorry for not meeting you at the door. Come on, one, two, three, bow. Nice to meet you, Master Yu. I'm Shi Te Long, manager of Operations Department at Jing Shi. Pleased to meet you. Master Yu, you coming to this place is an honor for our department store. I was just telling our... Specialist Sheng... We tell her all the time, she must be eager yet humble to invite you to open a shop here. Wipe your drool. Mr. Yu, how do you do? I'm Zheng Kai Er, assistant manager of Jing Shi's Leasing Department. We've met a few times, I wonder if you remember? Sorry, I don't remember. Master Yu, you're a busy man. You can't remember everyone you meet. Especially a few unimportant people, that can only be expected. Sorry. I have a few things I'd like to speak with you about privately, is that okay? Me? Sheng Xin Ren is something else. The future of our Operations Department depends on her right now. What are you doing? Nothing, I was just thinking, no wonder so many people love Yu Cheng Feng. He's so photogenic in person. Photogenic? Handsome? - You'd like to take him home? - Sure. What are you daydreaming about? Go after them and see what's going on. - Go. - Yes. Hurry. Who knew Sheng Xin Ren had it in her? She even got Yu Cheng Feng to come. Ms. Zheng, should we go see what's going on, too? You're going back to Paris? My flight this afternoon is at two. Well... When will you be back? I don't know, either. I'm going to take care of something that's very important to me. But I promise you, if I can come back and open a shop in a department store, Jing Shi would be my first choice. Really? Thank you so much, Master Yu. Thank you for being willing to give us this opportunity. Thanks. Stop calling me "Master Yu." Well... Call me Old Yu. I can't possibly call you "Old Yu." Michael. This is a gift for you. For me? Bye-bye. Ms. Xin Ren, what did Master Yu give you just now? It can't be a contract, can it? I have no idea. I haven't looked. Well, open it up and see! Come on. Open it up. Is it Master Yu's new work? - Teen girl comics? - Is it porn? Even if he doesn't want to open a shop, what's the meaning of giving you this? It's insulting. Master Yu. I... What is it? This gift is too much. I can't accept it. Why? I never thought I'd have a chance to see you again, let alone talking to you face-to-face again. I think I'm already very lucky. I can't accept this drawing. Sheng Xin Ren, let me tell you a story. The dress that you bought, it was the first garment I ever sold. Eight years ago, when I looked everywhere for a store that would take my clothes on consignment. Usually I couldn't sell even one garment. I was really despondent. I almost gave up fashion design. But because of you... What did I do? Because of your longing gaze, you reignited my passion, and allowed me to keep going. I'll never forget the look on your face. You made me feel like all of my efforts had been recognized. Don't say that, Master Yu. Don't call me Master Yu. Call me Old Yu. Old Yu. I remember that day very vividly, too. Your smile at the time, made me feel so at ease, so warm. That dress really is beautiful. I've taken good care of it, even to this day. I really appreciate that you were willing to sell it to me at such a reduced price. I should thank you more, actually. Since you bought that dress from me, my luck took a 180-degree turn. That's why I kept that drawing. It's like a lucky charm for me. Now I'm giving you the drawing, hopefully it'll bring you the same kind of good luck. Good luck with everything, Sheng Xin Ren. Yes, Old Yu. - Bye-bye. - Bye-bye. Kai Er, look. Fashion maestro, came to Operations' lowly floor manager about opening a shop. As an assistant manager of Leasing, how would you face this kind of awkwardness in the future? Mr. Hu, I don't think Yu Cheng Feng can give Operations any promise on the issue of opening a shop. He's already here. Even if he doesn't make a promise now, you can't guarantee there won't be one in the future. This time Operations brought up the invitation of Yu Cheng Feng, it's obvious that they want to compete with us, in front of the General Manager. They think sending a lowly specialist Sheng Xin Ren could defeat us, the Leasing Department? Kai Er, with your skills, do you think you would lose to her? Mr. Hu, I will work harder. I won't let you down. It's not enough to work harder. You have to give it your all. I want this big fish to fall into our net. Understand? Leasing Department can't afford to be embarrassed on this issue. Yes, I understand. Very well, give it everything you've got. You can do it, Zheng Kai Er. I believe in you. That's great! Sheng Xin Ren, you've finally proved your worth this time. I knew I didn't look after you for nothing. You got Yu Cheng Feng to come open a shop here. The future of our Operations Department is going to be so bright, our eyes are going to hurt from the light. But Mr. Shi, Master Yu said... Ms. Xin Ren, you're incredible. From now on, our Operations staff will be respected by other departments. Isn't that right, Mr. Shi? Yu Cheng Feng said if he decides to open a shop in a department store, Jing Shi would be his first pick. Aren't you guys celebrating too soon? He's already come. Opening a shop is just a matter of time. Mr. Shi, Master Yu has returned to Paris. I don't even know when he will be back... But Mr. Shi, I... Please have some confidence in yourself. Didn't you see how Yu Cheng Feng nodded and smiled at you? In terms of human behavioral science, this is a type of... A sign of recognition. I believe it's only a matter of time before he opens a shop here. Sheng Xin Ren, from now on, you are the interim Team Leader. You get a monthly raise of 2,000 TWD. Mr. Shi, in terms of seniority and curves, I'm not any less than Sheng Xin Ren. She's been here for four years. I've been here more than five. Here for five years and you still don't get promoted. - That takes skill. - Hey! Enough, instead of bickering, you should learn from Ms. Xin Ren. Ms. Xin Ren, I hope you don't mind. You're only interim Team Leader for now. When Yu Cheng Feng follows through with the shop, I'll post a notice on the bulletin board: you get another 5,000 raise. All of you at the Operations Department, - from now on... - Mr. Shi, we're all here. That's right. From now on, lend your support to Sheng Xin Ren. Whatever she needs, she gets. We will let that rabbit at Leasing know just how brilliant I am. Laugh. Qin Zi Qi, I'm warning you, if you dare tell other people about this, I will... - Will... - You will... You will cut me, slice me, hack me into 18 pieces, pour concrete over me, and throw me into the sea, right? That's right. How did you know? Because if you told anyone, I'll hack you into 19 pieces. Why would I tell anyone? That's fine, then. As long as neither of us says anything, nobody will know. Lele knows. Then I'll hack her into 20 pieces. Not funny. I thought it was pretty good. How does it feel? To get promoted to interim Team Leader? I feel like I'm thinking very clearly. I suddenly remember, someone once told me, if I became his supervisor, he would wear the dinosaur suit. I tried on the head piece last time, I don't think the suit fits me. It might take four, five months to get the suit adjusted. - You want air-conditioning installed? - Sure. Yeah, right. You're smiling even as you bicker with me. You must be really happy about the promotion. Of course, I'm happy. I get a promotion and a raise. Mandy doesn't seem happy. She looked like someone killed her pet. Mandy's unhappy because you insulted her. I was just making an objective observation. Qin Zi Qi, you're the most junior person at Operations. Newcomers are supposed to respect senior members. This is workplace ethics. Fine, then Mandy is more senior than you. Why don't you let her be Team Leader? I'm just giving you a friendly reminder: Being popular means inviting envy, beware of hidden weapons. You have so much time worrying about me, that means you're done with your tasks? I'm done. I have nothing left to do. Well, then, shouldn't you be memorizing the shops' locations? It's about time for your test. What test? I don't want to do it. You can't just say no. Just admit you haven't memorized them. Pick a floor. Pick a floor? I'd be lucky if you could memorize this floor we're on, right now. "Pick a floor"? Ha! If I can recite them, will you do my laundry for a week? A week? If you can really recite them, I'll do your laundry for a month. Bossi, Metro Bags, Juni, Somethin, Nozo, Yoyo, A la Ja, KBS, So Nice, G3000, KEVIN, G-Frank, Wolf96, Jack Wolfskin, Onji, Cardin, Coconut Forest, Huskey, Manhattan, Earthy Artisans, Dreamy World, Audy Jewelry, Aromatic Zen, Breezy Planet, Flying Knight, Treasure House, and Lan Li Fong. One month. JING SHI DEPARTMENT STORE It's so late, you're still working? It's so late, you're still working, too? I still have stuff to finish. I think a beautiful girl like you really shouldn't spend so much time at work. Instead of spending time going on dates, I'd rather choose work. Why is that? Working gives me a sense of achievement. Going on dates only gives me a sense of insecurity. If you want security, you can come to me. I have loads of those. It's after office hours, what are you doing here? I think the layout of the shops is problematic. Really? Why is it problematic. Good sales shops should be placed furthest from the flow of traffic. Bad sales shops should be closest to the flow of traffic. Then, customers walking through the store will see shops with the worst sales first. - Changing the flow of traffic will... - Boost sales revenues. What do you think? Great concept. However, your ideas are... Too naive. How is it naive? If you're a brand with good sales revenue, would you be willing to place your shop in a place where people won't notice? No. But that could raise the overall sales figure. It could also lead to backlash. What if unhappy brands decide to leave? Retail business is a people business. Before you think about increasing sales numbers, you should think about the people issue. Hold on, it should be a leadership issue. What matters is whether the leader has the ability to be decisive. About this... I don't think it's something for a floor manager's assistant to worry about. I may be an assistant now, but that doesn't mean I'll still be one in a year. I might be promoted to floor manager. You have a lot of confidence. You should be encouraged. Can I choose the method of encouragement? Sure, shoot. I'll tell Mr. Shi on your behalf. Please tell him... I'd like to take you to the movies. But if you say yes right now, then we don't have to go through him. We can skip that part. I don't date my colleagues. We can be friends. If you don't give me an opportunity, colleagues can't become friends. Opportunities aren't given. Opportunities are fought for. Hot. They think sending a lowly specialist, Sheng Xin Ren, could defeat us, Leasing? Kai Er, with your skills, do you think you would lose to her? - Eat it. - I'm going to explode. I don't care. I made it, you have to eat it. I have a few things I'd like to speak with you about privately, is that okay? Me? THE REAL STORY BEHIND YU CHENG FENG'S REASON FOR OPENING A SHOP AT THE DEPARTMENT STORE Different colors are washed separately. Dress shirts must be hand washed. Sweaters must be dry-cleaned. You think I'm a laundry shop? So many rules. You're the one who wanted to bet. You must follow through with it. These are all very expensive. You can't afford to buy me new ones. Fine, Mr. Fussy. This is a Buddhist nun's fridge. Greens and carrots every day. Isn't that nutritional imbalance? What is this? Qin Zi Qi, that's mine. Just put it on the tab. Fine, give me 31 bucks. Are you trying to rob me? Don't drink it if you can't afford it. Qin Zi Qi, Xin Ren said you can come board with us, that doesn't mean you can come in and out of our place. Don't you know that's really rude? You've got a nice figure. Creep! That's none of your business! Get lost! What are you doing? I just said you have a nice figure. Doesn't mean I was up to anything. Qin Zi Qi, stop stealing my drinks. Qin Zi Qin, what the heck are these? Boxer shorts. Monkey? I only agreed to do your laundry, I didn't say anything about underwear. Underwear are also considered laundry. Xin Ren, take those nasty things out of here. They stink! Why are you backing away? These are yours. Take them. Fine, I'll wash them myself. - Is there anything to eat? - No. Sheng Xin Ren, why bother? Just toss them in the washer. Can't believe you're actually hand-washing his shirts. His clothes are all luxury brands. If I mess them up, I really can't afford to buy him new ones. What in the world? He doesn't have money for food, but he can afford luxury brands? I'm quite impressed by him. He actually memorized all of the brands we have at our department store. So what? He's still got a terrible personality, awful temper, and no social skills. Sheng Xin Ren, let me ask you, you keep saying how Qin Zi Qi is terrible, yet you keep helping him. Do you like him or something? I like Qin Zi Qi? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 