Office Girls: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Office Girls 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Office Girls (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I like Qin Zi Qi? I like Qin Zi Qi? That's right. No way! I just think... What? I think... His true nature isn't as annoying as he presents himself. Maybe it's his social environment that made him the way he is now. He is annoying, that's all there is to it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No one is born annoying. The attitude he displays, like he doesn't care about anything or anyone, maybe it's just a front to hide his vulnerability. Sheng Xin Ren, please, don't try to find reasons to forgive someone whenever you get bullied, all right? Let me tell you something, Qin Zi Qi is just annoying, and he was born that way. All right. I just want to set the record straight: I do not like Qin Qi Zi. I don't have any feelings for him. Yeah, right. No one is born annoying. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The attitude he displays, like he doesn't care about anything or anyone, maybe it's just a front to hide his vulnerability. I just want to set the record straight, I do not like Qin Qi Zi. I don't have any feelings for him. JING SHI DEPARTMENT STORE Good morning. REAL STORY BEHIND YU CHENG FENG'S REASON FOR OPENING SHOP AT DEPARTMENT STORE Sheng Xin Ren. - Yes, Mr. Shi? - Where's Mandy? She's probably making the rounds of the floors. She hasn't turned in her reports from last month. What's taking her so long? Tell her to get it together and turn in the report. Go! Yes, Mr. Shi. Who do you think sent out that e-mail? Maybe she did it herself, for self-promotion. Please, who would do that? You never know. Some girls just aren't bothered by those things. Maybe she did it on purpose, to make sure everyone knows. Mandy! Is your floor report ready yet? Why? Nothing, it's just that Mr. Shi was asking about it. All right. So when can you get it done? What's your hurry? You think I don't know when the deadline is? No, it's just that Mr. Shi was asking me about it. Sheng Xin Ren, quit name-dropping Mr. Shi. He only just promoted you to be interim Team Leader. What? You think you're already the Team Leader? I didn't mean it like that. Well, then what do you mean? Nothing. Just please remember to turn in your report. Can you believe her? - Seriously. - What's she thinking? I'm more higher up than her, and she's telling me to turn in my report? Xin Ren... Have you seen the e-mail? What e-mail? REAL STORY BEHIND YU CHENG FENG'S REASON FOR OPENING SHOP AT DEPARTMENT STORE Who wrote this? It's super mean. Well, have you figured it out? Looking at the IP address, it seems to have come from the office. Who was it? It's a shared network. I can't say for sure who sent it. You can't even figure this out? And you call yourself a computer genius? - So dumb. - I already did my best. But I'd never believe Yu Cheng Feng's decision to open a shop was because Xin Ren slept with him. Shut up and keep digging. All right. Sheng Xin Ren, did you receive that e-mail? Yeah, it's quite mean. It says she slept her way in. Don't worry, none of us buys that story. Because even if you would, Yu Cheng Feng has better taste. You know what we should do to deal with the anonymous accusation e-mail? Report it to the police. Pull surveillance camera footage, cross reference the time the e-mail was sent, narrow down to one suspect, catch him, sue him for defamation. But it didn't specifically name anyone. It just said "a specialist." Is that enough to file a lawsuit? Sure, why not? Sue him and take every penny from him. Quit messing around. You're probably the one who sent that e-mail. That's right. Sheng Xin Ren is so stingy, I wanted to take my revenge. Jealous colleagues want to see you stumble. Other envious retail businesses want to stir up trouble for you. I'll call the cops for you. What are you doing? You're taking it too personally. I'm standing up for you. What do you mean by "Taking it too personally"? Although the e-mail does not spell out her name, anyone can tell it's referring to Xin Ren. You must be capable before anyone could be envious of you. Instead of keeping quiet and getting mad at the anonymous accusation, it's better to just focus on doing your job. If you can't handle the Team Leader position, let me do it. Whatever people say about me... You don't care, but we care. Whoever has secrets to hide would care the most. It stinks! Who farted? Or did someone forget to brush her teeth? Right, Lu Cha? It stinks. Liu Yu Le, go back to your Admin. Don't interfere with our work here. I didn't know touching up your makeup, gossiping and reading magazines counted as working? Mandy's right. Hurry up and go back. Don't talk to her anymore. Right? Sheng Xin Ren, just because you got promoted, doesn't mean you can abandon work ethics, and allow these newcomers to bully us more senior colleagues. Who's the bully here? Stinky mouth. Don't be like this. We're all colleagues here, aren't we? I know, since I got promoted to interim Team Leader, I'll treat everyone to dinner tonight. Seriously? You're our supervisor, we can't let you treat us. You got promoted, we should take you out to dinner. Ms. Xin Ren, please do look after us in the future. Don't call me Ms. Xin Ren. It's nothing formal or anything. We're all just going to have a barbecue dinner at my house. It's a get-together to get to know each other better. No. You're so stingy. You're always trying to save money. Why are you treating them to a nice meal? You think they'd listen to you just because you treat them to dinner? That's not the goal here. I just want to have better vibes around the office. All right. At least tonight, me and my stomach could have a better time. What are you doing? It's too expensive, who can afford it? I thought you wanted good vibes? This has very good vibes. There's a bunch of meat on sale here, why must you buy the expensive meat? I'm helping you make the dinner more presentable. You're using my money to help me be more presentable? You're so smart. You really are stingy. Look at this beef. It's going to be trash in six hours. And these mussels, are you sure they are mussels? They're clams. Doesn't matter. They smell funny. And this bag of shrimp carcasses... Are you sure no one would die from them? I know you have good intentions, but if people get diarrhea or worse, food poisoning from your dinner, you'll be in deep trouble. Are you shocked by the prices or have you sprained an ankle? Why are you standing still? It's like a martial arts scroll. What are you talking about? Fine, I'll get them. Seriously? What? I just want to know if you hit your head or have a fever? I've neither hit my head nor have a fever. I just decided to buy better ingredients so everyone will have a better time. Is that okay? Of course, it's okay with me. It's your money to spend however you want. I think you might have a point. I may be too stingy. Right? Other people sometimes buy stuff for all of us to share. But looking back, I don't think I've once bought anyone anything in the past four years. I know it's hard to keep up the practice of never treating anyone for four years. Ever since I heard you'll be treating us to dinner, I think... You're so pretty. So hot. - So fem-- - Enough. So feminine. Put back feminine. I'll keep "hot" and "pretty." You and Lele are so weird. You don't take compliments well. Feminine. Put it back. The groceries cost almost $100. It's more than your raise. I'm checking to see if there's a mistake. Be quiet. BEAUTIFUL ASSISTANT MANAGER ZHENG KAI ER Hello? Hi, there. Tonight? Yes, of course I'm available. Where should we meet? See you then. Can you lend me 60 bucks? 60? Why? Zheng Kai Er asked me to go to the movies with her. Zheng Kai Er asked you to the movies? How's that possible? It's true. She just called me. I don't care if you believe it or not. I just realized, maybe $150 would be safer. You know how she's used to the best of everything. - Sometimes she likes upscale restaurants. - Mr. Qin, you saw my martial arts scroll earlier, too. Hardcore. I had to think really hard about treating people for the first time in four years, as it is, what makes you think I'd lend you 150 bucks, so you can take another girl - to the movies? - What about 90? There's a bank. It'd be faster if you just robbed them. I'm so talented. Starry cinema. Exclusive seating. Natural nighttime breeze. Once a month, you even get a bonus full moon in the background. You should smile more often. You look really nice when you smile. I do smile often. Out of everyone at work, I'm probably the one who smiles the most. I don't mean the usual type of smile. I mean the kind right now. What's the difference? The usual kind is a polite smile. Right now, you're smiling from your heart. Did you know, inside the human brain, right here, there is something called the pineal gland. When you're happy, it sends out a signal to make you laugh. That's right. Just like now. Are you trying to count how many wrinkles I have on my face? You might need to let me come closer before I can count them. I thought we were watching a movie? Which one? Hold on a second. Hold on. I'll be right back. Hello, Lele? Xin Ren, Lu Cha is driving me crazy! His car has engine trouble, and it won't start. Really? How much longer will you be? How should I know? Lu Cha, how much longer do you need? If you can't fix it, I'm going to take a cab. Don't waste money on a cab. Just a little while longer, all right? I promise, it'll start soon. All right, why don't you go ahead? I'll be right there. Okay, be careful on the road. I'll wait for you. This one looks good. What are you doing? Organizing the bookshelves. Organizing the bookshelves? Are you heading over? Sheng Xin Ren went all out tonight on the dinner menu. Please save some for me, all right? It's so hot right now. Who would want to barbecue on a top-floor apartment? Where are you going? We're going to sing karaoke. Sheng Xin Ren means well, inviting you to her place for dinner. You're going to ditch her and sing karaoke? That's not what friends do. You're a good friend? You're here organizing bookshelves, instead of going? I have a prior engagement to attend to. You can have a prior engagement, can't we have a prior engagement? Make sure you organize the shelves well. Are you pre-occupied with something else? You keep looking at your watch. It's not me, it's Sheng Xin Ren, she... What about her? It's fine. Do what you have to do. Wait. Do you want to go to a barbecue? What time is it? How come no one's here yet? I'm here, right? Shut up! Start the fire! Mandy's on night shift. Maybe they're already on their way. What about Qin Zi Qi? He went to the movies with the assistant manager from Leasing. Seriously? You mean the goddess from Leasing went to the movies with Qin Zi Qi? He's incredible! Shut up! Start the fire! Qin Zi Qi's probably full of it. There's no way Zheng Kai Er would go to the movies with him. He probably just went to the doctor. - Ms. Zheng. - Ms. Zheng. What brings you here? Congratulations on making Team Leader. Thanks, Ms. Zheng. I'm just interim Team Leader. Don't be so modest. We're colleagues at work. After work, we're all friends. You can all call me Kai Er from now on. - Hi, Kai Er. - Kai Er. Excuse me. Please have a seat. That's fine. I'm leaving. I have important things to do first thing in the morning. Since you're already here, why not stay a little while? - That's right. - Mandy will be here in a bit. I ran into Mandy earlier. They're going to sing karaoke. They're not coming. How can they do this? We already made plans and they ditched us? - That's mean. - Yeah. I should get going. I'll walk you out. That's fine. Xin Ren can walk me out. Then, I'll get ice on the way back. Excuse me. Qin Zi Qi, why did you bring Zheng Kai Er here? Why does it matter? There's so much food, we can't finish it all. You know Zheng Kai Er never goes out alone with male colleagues at work. How did you do it? With your IQ, it's hard to explain to you. Start the fire and grill some meat. I'm going to change my clothes and come back up for food. Again with the fire. Ms. Zheng, I just called a cab for you. It'll be here in six minutes. Number 8321. I can just call a cab on my phone. Calling a cab costs money. This doesn't. I've done the calculation. You can save about 15 bucks this way. I received an anonymous accusation e-mail today. Ms. Zheng, it's not true. I didn't do that. You don't have to explain it to me. What matters is that you know what you did or didn't do. Actually, I understand what you're going through. When I got promoted to assistant manager, people said much worse things about me. Didn't you get mad? Getting mad won't make any difference. If you want to climb up the corporate ladder, you'll face rumors, character assassination, even sabotage. It's nothing against you personally, it's against whoever sits in that seat. But... I only made interim Team Leader. It's just temporary. No matter what the position is, you're always there at the expense of someone else. People under you want to pull you down. People above you worry you might replace them. Isn't that tiring, though? Why can't everyone just get along, and make sure we do what we're supposed to do? If it bothers you, you can leave. Once you're in the game, you have no right to complain. These are the rules of the workplace game. If you have any questions or problems you'd like to clear up, you can always come to me. I might not be able to teach you anything, but at least I can share my experiences with you. Thank you, Ms. Zheng. We're all in the same big family. You don't have to be so formal with me. I think my cab is here. I'll get going now. Why are you putting it away already? I haven't had any yet. Here you go. Knock yourself out. I want to eat steak. Qin Zi Qi, do you have any idea how much of Xin Ren's Dream House Fund all of these ingredients ate into? Please be grateful, all right? What Dream House Fund? Qin Zi Qi, you've only had a few meals of broccoli pasta, and you already can't handle it. Do you know how long Xin Ren's been eating that? Four years. She's been eating that for four years. Xin Ren only allots herself 150 bucks for living expenses every month. You think this is beef? This is Xin Ren's heart. Qin Zi Qi, it's fine if you want to be a spendthrift, but please don't treat Xin Ren like one. You sure took your time getting ice. You don't need to rush back. Everyone's gone. Lele told me, you only allot 150 bucks for your monthly living expenses. Is that true? You don't have to be so thrifty, okay? No wonder I get fed food waste every day. You don't have to eat it. You don't have to live with me. I'm just saying. Don't get mad. You don't really know me. What gives you the right to say that about me? You think I don't want to have nice things and eat great food? I do everything in my power to save money. I want to save up enough for a down payment. I want to buy a place as soon as possible and have my mom come live with me. You think I like living like this? What is it? How much have you saved? None of your business. You want to borrow money again? I'm not going to ask to borrow money. I have a friend who happens to be the heir of a development company. If you want to buy a home, I can get him to give you a better price. Let me touch it. You touch it. The texture is great. Jason. Paul. This is my colleague. She's looking to buy a home. Can you give her a discount? Of course. Come on, let's go check out the model home. - Model home. - Model home. What is it? Do you know this guy well? Is he dependable? Xinyi District, repeat it to me. Xinyi District. A third of that land belongs to his family. If he's not dependable, I'll buy you a new place. I think he's dependable. What is it? Fifty grand, for you. It's fine. I'm about to get paid. I thought you didn't have any money? You can find ways to live, even without money. I won't starve. If possible, please give her a nice discount. Get the interest rate as low as possible. Don't you know a really good scrivener? Is she really just a colleague? What else? You have the hots for her? Does she look like my type? - No. - There you go. Then why are you doing this for her? Because they don't make fools like her that much anymore. HOME PURCHASE AGREEMENT Well? Isn't it amazing? Come on, congratulate me. Such an important thing. How come you didn't ask me to go with you? Are you mad? Of course, I'm mad. Over the past four years, I've watched you save money, listened to you talk nonstop about it. I've followed you on your path to acquiring your Dream House. Yet at the most critical moment, you didn't let me come with you? I'm sorry. I didn't know I would make the decision right away. Qin Zi Qi's friend gave me a really good deal. I was worried if I didn't decide then, I wouldn't have that opportunity again. Three hundred and ten thousand. It's so expensive. How can you do it? Do you even have enough money for the down payment? This is a pre-sale agreement. Look. It says right here. For the first two years, I pay installments according to the construction progress. But each installment is a lot of money. Can you afford it? If I live a little more frugally, then I should be fine. More frugally? You're not frugal enough as it is? If you tighten your wallet any more, you won't have money to eat. I really want to buy a place and have my mom come live with me. Worst comes to the worst, I'll just skip a meal. All right. Congratulations. You'll be moving out in two years. Don't be like this. It's not like there's only one room. You can move in with us. - You mean it? - Of course. It'll feel weird if I don't snuggle with you during the winter. But it's summer right now. It's hot. Sheng Xin Ren, I knew you'd take care of me. I love you so much! We're like sisters. So, I'll just charge you 150 for a room. Hey! Just kidding. Mr. Hu, this mooncake is overly sweet. Do we have other options? Of course. The mooncake manufacturer has already showed me around. Their product is high quality. They're very willing to work with us. Our customers are already tired of the manufacturers that we usually work with. I think it's time for a change. Trust me. Just do as I say. Yes, Mr. Hu. I will take care of it. Kai Er, I have a lot of trust in you. Don't let me down. Thank you, Mr. Hu. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 