Office Girls: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Office Girls 
 s1e15 - Episode #1.15 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Office Girls (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - Episode #1.15 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Right now, the issue at hand is how to raise sales revenue by 10 percent. It's not about changing the company image. Director, please decide which team has won. Both of your ideas are great. Why must you have a winner? Then why bother putting us into teams? Qin Zi Qi, what's wrong with you? Master Yu is right. Yes, everything Master Yu says is right. Even his farts smell good. Shen Xing Ren, don't you think you're acting like a fan? Qin Zi Qi, this is a work meeting. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's very inappropriate of you to use emotionally charged words during a work meeting. Please apologize or leave. Your choice. Whatever floats your boat. I'm not the least bit interested in this type of meaningless competition. Rude and crude. That's all right. Let's carry on. Yes, Director. Well, our team's plan is about... people-oriented service. This is something we've always stressed from the very beginning. Why are you spacing out all alone? You're in a bad mood? Well, do you want to go for a ride with me? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Do you feel better now that you've gotten some fresh air? Yes, much better. I think I'm going to issue a punishment for Qin Zi Qi's behavior earlier. You don't need to do that for me. I'm not doing it for you. I want to work with good talent in a team effort. I don't appreciate his American-style individualistic heroism. I know it was a bad display of attitude, but his plan is good and realistic. You should give him another chance. He is really smart and he has great ideas. I know the way he interacts with people is kind of awkward and weird. I'll ask him to work on that. He's always so mean to you. Why are you defending him? I'm not defending him. I'm the one responsible for training him. His attitude is bad, because I didn't do a good job teaching him. As his supervisor, of course, I'm responsible. All right, enough of that. Let's go eat. What's wrong? Here, sit down. Let me take a look. - It's fine. I'm okay. - It's all right. Is that Yu Cheng Feng? That guy's Yu Cheng Feng, right? Yu Cheng Feng. Cover me. I'm really all right. Sorry. No, it's fine. Let's go to the hospital. I don't need to go to the hospital. It's not a big deal. You should get an X-ray. What if you broke a bone? I can't be that unlucky. I just sprained my ankle. I'll just rub it, and it'll be fine. I can walk. Never mind, let me carry you. You're going to carry me? That's right. You have the worst luck. You finally got a chance to go on a date with your idol. Your next stop was supposed to be a romantic seafood dinner. We weren't on a date. Stop saying that. He took you on his bike to see the sunset. How's that not a date? No, Old Yu took me to get some fresh air, because he saw that I was in a bad mood. I was in a bad mood, too. Why didn't he take me to get some fresh air? Xing Ren, can't you tell that Master Yu is courting you? Master Yu is my idol, not my romantic interest. Aren't idols people, too? What don't you like about him? I like him just fine. - He's good. - That's good, then. It's like when celebrities get caught dating someone. Don't deny it, don't reject it, don't push it away. Just let things happen naturally. You're insane. Master Yu is our boss now. Would you date your boss? Plus he's 10 years older than me. A mature man with money is the best way to go. It's better than that dirt poor, immature Qin Zi Qi, right? What's that got to do with Qin? Why are you bringing him up? Things are kind of weird between you two. You're often bickering like a couple. What's really going on with you two? I'm not a couple with that man. And there's nothing weird between us. Shen Xing Ren, please be smart about it. Qin Zi Qi isn't your type. You need the chest of a mature man, not the shoulder of an immature boy. No way! Fashion godfather Yu Cheng Feng took you on his million-dollar bike to watch the sunset? - Liu Yu Le, what are you doing? - What a romantic date! - Lele! - He's a real mature and amazing man. 10,000 times better than an annoying, picky-eater brat who relies on a woman for lunch. I'M SORRY, I SHOULDN'T HAVE EMBARRASSED YOU AT THE MEETING Welcome back to Show Biz. We're going to show you a video. It's been viewed more than 150,000 times. The reason why it went viral, I think it's because the handsome guy in the video seems to be the internationally renowned fashion designer, Yu Cheng Feng. I think you're being too conservative when you say "seems to be." - You said it. - I think it is him. - You said it. - Yes, I did. We can leave it to the viewers. Let's show them the video. All right? Come on. See it for yourself. What? World famous fashion designer Yu Cheng Feng is cheating on his girlfriend? Recently, a video has surfaced online in which a handsome man, who looks 99 percent like Yu Cheng Feng, is seen out and about with an unknown, average-looking woman. The woman in the video seems to have sprained her ankle. Yu Cheng Feng kept touching her ankle in a gentle, sweet manner. In an intimate gesture, he even carried her on his back Could it be true? Is Yu Cheng Feng caught cheating? We might have to wait for the persons involved to explain it for us. Show Biz News, Taipei. Lately, fashion celebrities are all the buzz in the entertainment business. Yu Cheng Feng, everyone knows, he's got a super hot girlfriend, Wei Min Na. In comparison, all I have to say is, this girl has no idea who she's competing against. Well, I think the two of them should formally come out and explain the situation. You know what's really trendy right now? People like to say "good friend" nowadays. We don't buy that excuse, all right? Don't use "good friend" as an excuse. So if he said she's a "good friend" it means he's really cheating. Just talk it out. Wait, I just thought of something. This silly girl, she doesn't have a boyfriend, does she? If she does have a boyfriend, and he happens to be watching TV, I think he's going to flip out. Don't do that. Don't flip out. Just talk it out. Take a deep breath. I would flip out, too. - A deep breath. - Quit it. Let's take a break. What's the meaning of this? Why did you touch my stuff? Why did you draw on Master Yu's face? Ms. Shen Xing Ren, what's your relationship with Yu Cheng Feng? Ms. Shen Xing Ren, are you his mistress? Shen Xing Ren, why don't you say something? Shen Xing Ren, do you think you made a mistake? - Shen Xing Ren-- - Enough, already. What are you talking about? Are you stupid or something? I'm helping you practice questions reporters might ask later. In case when they do, you stutter badly, which makes you look like you're guilty. What reporters? What questions? Why should I feel guilty? I recently saw a viral video online. It's really cool. Check it out. Who took this? If you dare to go, don't be afraid to get filmed. You should know better than becoming someone's mistress. Old Yu already has Wei Min Na. Don't you know? Wake up, already! He only took me out for a ride because I was in a bad mood. I sprained my ankle and he was kind enough to help me. You happened to be in a bad mood. He took you out. Then you happened to sprain your ankle, and he checked it for you. Then he accidentally carried you on his back. You happened to lean on him, and you happened to smile sweetly like you're in love. Just then, the theme song plays. Are you done? I told you, it's not true. You can think whatever you want. I can think whatever I want? BEAUTIFUL ASSISTANT MANAGER- ZHENG KAI ER Your girlfriend's calling. I don't have a girlfriend. Hello? What's the matter? Please don't cry. Can you come over? Where are you? All right, I'll be right over. What's wrong? Doctor, how's my mother doing? The patient had a heart failure, but we did our best to revive her. Now her condition has stabilized. However, since your mother has been bed-ridden for years, it will be harder and harder to maintain her health. You should spend more time with her, if possible. I'm sorry, the first time I let you see my family, it had to be under these circumstances. What's wrong with your mom? She's in a vegetative state. She's been like that for a long time. When I was a kid, we were very poor. My mom used to take me out on the street, collecting empty bottles from everywhere. We would leave at first light. We would walk for hours and hours. It was like that, every day. We would work from dawn until late. Although it was tough looking for recycling with my mom... I would rather stay outside with my mom, instead of going home. Why? My dad. Going home was the scariest thing. My dad drank every day and gambled every day. One time, he lost money gambling and he couldn't get any money from her, so he beat up my mom really bad. Stupid girl, get lost. Then I couldn't wake up my mom no matter how hard I tried. Mom. I didn't know what to do. I ran to the nearest police station and asked them for help. Yet I couldn't really tell them what happened at my house. So my mom was taken to the hospital. And I was taken to the orphanage. Mr. Policeman, where's my mom? Where did she go? Will Mommy come pick me up? You can't tell, can you? I grew up in the orphanage. I studied hard. I'm able to be the person I am today, thanks to an anonymous corporate sponsor. Ever since then, I knew, although it's a big world, I'll always be the only person who can protect me. Everything I own today, I've earned it by working hard. Knowing my background, will you think less of me? Of course not. After hearing your story, I'm quite in awe of you. You really don't have to be so independent-minded. Not all men are bad. There are many who are reliable and can be trusted. Like you? I didn't mean it like that. I don't feel any stress when I'm with you. I'm very happy, too. I also feel the sense of security that I lack the most. You're the only person who lets me feel like sharing my deepest secrets. Why? Because I want you to be the most important friend for the rest of my life. That's why I don't want to hide anything from you. I hope you can keep the secret for me. Most important friend in her life? You're kidding me! Zheng Kai Er is so aloof. She really said that to you? Keep it down. - You're really good. - What? She's turned down so many suitors. Why would she say that to you? Unless you let her know your father owns Jing Shi Department Store? I'm not crazy. Could she really be in love with me? Duh! Of course she is. You made the initiative to approach Zheng Kai Er. Now she's told you how she feels in such plain words. What about you? Are you serious about Zheng Kai Er? I think it's fun being friends with her. In terms of dating her, though, I'd feel a little stressed out. Because she is a very prudent girl. Sometimes I act more serious when I'm hanging out with her. But then sometimes I get tired of being so serious all the time. Although now that I know her secret, I have a little more... respect for her. What about that girl you took to see the pre-sale house? I recently saw her on some celebrity gossip show. I remember her name, Shen Xing Ren. What about her? Do you like her? I like Shen Xing Ren? Yeah. I like Shen Xing Ren? That's right. That's impossible. She's not my type. Plus, Shen Xing Ren is so naggy, sometimes so stingy, too. She's got no figure, and her face-- She's average-looking at first. But her face kind of grows on you. But she's got a terrible temper and she's so slow. I've never seen someone who loves working as much as she does. I sometimes really do not understand her logic whatsoever. She just exudes a sense of... silliness. Has it ever occurred to you, that her silliness is what makes her so attractive to you? I just think that she's always nice to everyone, and always gets the short end of the stick. Shouldn't I be kind to someone like her? She's my colleague after all. Plus her mom is super nice to me. She even took my hand, and asked me to take care of her daughter. You've already met her mother? One tells you her deepest secret. The other one's mother you've already met. This is going to be tricky for you. Thanks for stating the obvious. You're welcome. The paparazzi are really staying for the long haul. If this carries on, we might see SNG trucks doing a live broadcast. Ms. Xing Ren, you're something else. Right now, the hottest phrase on search engines is "Yu Cheng Feng with young girlfriend." I didn't know you had it in you. Mr. Shi, there's nothing between me and Master Yu. We're just good friends. You know-- It's fine. You don't need to emphasize "good friends." You don't need to deny your gossip story. I was once captured on film, too. I just want you to know it's all right if you want to date your boss. However, if the higher-ups knew, they'd think it's bad for the company image, then you might be reeling in love, but I will be tortured by the GM. So keep a low profile, please. The person with a broken heart is here. Qin Zi Qi, you must be in a pretty bad mood, right? It's probably because of Ms. Sheng's gossip story. I think Mrs. Sheng's Zi Qi might soon become Mrs. Sheng's Feng Feng. That's all right, though. You've already got Zheng Kai Er. All the nerds are crazy about her. You've done well. What are you looking, Qin Zi Qi? I'm warning you, don't play along with Mr. Shi. I didn't say anything. Why are you so mean? - I'm not being mean. - "I didn't say anything." "Why are you so mean?" Enough already. I don't object to you dating each other. But once you break up, it should be a clean break. You can still be friends, right? Mid-year sales is here. Let's go. Holding each other's hand. Let's go. Let's go make the rounds. Be careful, don't get seen by paparazzi again. Mid-year sales is the Oscars of the retail industry. It's going to be super busy. You should be mentally prepared for it. Work hard, less dating. What's the matter with you? Did something happen to Ms. Zheng? Zheng Kai Er just had a headache. I already took her to the doctors. She's fine now. That's good, then. What about you? What about me? What about? It's in the headlines. Did Mrs. Shen call you? Yes, I already explained it to her. Did she ask how I'm feeling? What makes you think my mom would ask how you're feeling? Don't you know who I am? - Who? - Mrs. Sheng's Zi Qi. I already told you, it's polite talk. Don't treat my mom like your own mother. It didn't sound like polite talk. Xing Ren! Zi Qi! Rushing to the toilet? No! Director Yu is holding a last minute press conference. He says he wants to clear up the gossip story. Do you want to go watch? - No. - Sure. What are you thinking? Mr. Shi just told you not to get filmed. If you go right now, you'll get surrounded. Who knows what they will say about you? I think Old Yu can handle this on his own. You stay here, we'll go. Excuse me, everyone. The press conference will begin shortly. Please just wait a little longer. Misters, you have arrived. Should I show you to your seats? Let's go. You punk! Are you done with work? Why are you slacking off? Master Yu is conducting an enlightenment ceremony. I'm here to seek his blessing. Worthless scoundrel, all you do is talk back to me. Maybe it's good that you're here. You can see the scale of Master Yu's press conference. You can learn from him. Thank you for taking the time to be here. I apologize for holding a press conference at such short notice. Director Yu, is the women in the video your new girlfriend? The woman in the video, Ms. Sheng, is a good friend of mine. The media misconstrued the report, because the angle in which the video was taken gave people the wrong impression. The main reason for this press conference is to clear up the nature of our relationship. I also ask members of the press, please do not disturb her private life. She is not a public figure. What a boring statement. Not what the reporters are after. I get the feeling Master Yu feels sorry for Xing Ren. He's almost making the situation worse. What has Wei Min Na said about it? Master Yu, I have a question. Please go ahead. Will you continue to invite Ms. Shen Xing Ren on outings? Of course I will. A few untrue reports will not affect my interactions with friends. Moreover, Ms. Shen is a friend whom I care very much about. I won't stop being friends with her because someone took a video of us. True love. You see? It's rumored that you have accepted the position as PB's director. Is it true? That's right. I'm the new creative director for PB. I have already left my original post. Ms. Wei Min Na is now Yu Cheng Feng brand's executive director. Wei is your girlfriend. Has she agreed to you leaving the brand? Of course not. This is what a hot girl looks like. Curves in all the right places. True love. You see? Hello, everyone. I'm Wei Min Na. Do you support Yu taking the position as PB's creative director? What do you have to say about Yu Cheng Feng's gossip story? I don't really have an opinion on it. Whatever Cheng Feng says, it is true. I trust him completely and I support him. Thanks, everyone. Thank you for coming. Let's go. Master Yu's leaving. Master Yu. Calm down. Keep them away. Shen Xing Ren, your master did his ceremony, unfortunately, his power wasn't enough. He got surrounded by monsters and it seemed to be the end of him. If he does leave sarira behind, remember to save me one. Qin Zi Qin, do you even know what you're talking about? What happened at the press conference? Supermodel Wei Min Na showed up and whisked Old Yu away. It was chaos at the scene. Completely out of control. Someone came rushing toward me. And then one move from me, I had the place under control. Wei Min Na showed up at the press conference? How did that happen? Isn't she supposed to be in Paris? She's back? This is called staking your claim. If my girlfriend went out with another man, and a video was taken, let me tell you, Paris is nothing. I'd come rushing back from Mars. That's right. Why didn't I think of it? Wei Min Na could have seen the news, too. There are many things you haven't thought of. Listen, if you don't want to become the cover girl of gossip rags multiple weeks in a row, take my advice. Stay away from Old Yu. It drives me crazy. Why must you force me to attend stuff like that? Do you know the entire Parisian fashion world is saying I got dumped by you? They're so mean about it, too. Then why did you come back? The press conference was chaotic. It's not at all like you. How could I not come back? First, you gave up the rights to your own brand. Then you take the position as PB's creative director. As soon as I return, you showed me that crazy video. All I can say is... You know more about the media than I do. Right now, everyone's a paparazzo. Everyone likes to make false speculations, whether it be the media or readers. My Mandarin isn't very good, but I know there's a saying that goes, "Nothing comes of nothing." You're a public figure. You should know better. You could have at least found a pretty girl. What were you thinking, getting involved with an underdeveloped girl? Her name is Shen Xing Ren. I don't care what her name is. I hear there are a lot of people in Taiwan like that. They inform the media because they want to be famous. There are many people like that. I'm just friends with Shen Xing Ren, nothing more. Plus, it's me who got her into this boring gossip story. It was not her fault. I already feel really bad about it. She's an ordinary person. She doesn't need to deal with this crap. You feel bad? You should feel bad for me. You came back to Taiwan like nothing happened. You left me in France to clean up the mess. So now your parents must dislike me even more, right? It's been like that for so long, anyway. Can't you just put up with it? They did invest a lot of money in you. Last time I went back to Paris, we already talked about it. The most basic problem is we see things differently. Why must we force ourselves into an unpleasant collaboration? I don't care. You have to come back and be the spokesperson for the Yu Cheng Feng brand. I don't care. It's been decided. Min Na, neither of us can be forced into something we don't want to do. Why must you make it difficult for me? Can't we keep our business and personal relationships separate? Keep them separate? Haven't we done it well enough? I'm your girlfriend, but I'm never as important as your work. Right? Hello? Old Yu, this is Xing Ren. Are you and Wei Min Na doing all right? We're fine. I can't really talk right now. That's fine. I just wanted to make sure you're okay. I'll let you go then. All right, bye-bye. What? Your little girlfriend called to check up on you? I don't have a little girlfriend. She's just a random, unimportant person. Who are you trying to scare? Well? Has the master achieved the state of Nirvana? Were you eavesdropping on my call? It's purely out of concern. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 