Office Girls: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Office Girls 
 s1e7 - I like Qin Zi Qi! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Office Girls (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - I like Qin Zi Qi! - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What's wrong? Does your mom know you bought a home? You can have the candles and drinks for free. Just leave. What's the matter with you? How many times are you gonna ask? If you're so bored, why don't you come up with a strategy to sell mooncakes? Go home. Here you go. Qin Zi Qi, why do you want to see the media budget? I'm doing my homework. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 As a specialist at Operations Department, I should put in some effort, too. Actually, you're the assistant specialist. Don't look down on me, I warn you. One day, when I become general manager, you'll regret being so rude to me. You'll probably have to wait a long time for that day to come. You might not make it. What's wrong with Sheng Xin Ren? What do you mean? I think she's been acting weird lately. Did something happen? No, she's not acting weird. Are you sure? - She even cried. - She did? You're so self-centered, who knew you care about other people? Be careful, she might grow on you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 JING SHI MOONCAKE GIFT SET PRICE: 30 Nailed it. 30 cents Hello? I want to report a complaint about a company. Thank you for handling the gift sets. Happy Moon Festival to you. Ms. Zheng, Operation's mooncakes have already sold more than 1,000 boxes. Lu Cha, are you trying to make me have a stroke? Mr. Shi, I only went out for a little bit. Who knew it would be like this when I came back? Mr. Shi, it's not my fault. Not your fault? Then whose fault is it? You're in charge of online sales. Lu Cha, you can pack your things now. This Moon Festival, you'll be missing me for sure. No, Mr. Shi. Mr. Shi, don't scold Lu Cha anymore. Why? Should I be scolding you instead? Yes, because I was the one who changed the website price. What? Also, I posted our mooncake website URL to all the major online forums for netizens to talk about, to let everyone know about this. Why would you-- I called the newspaper and made an anonymous complaint. I said we sold 10,000 boxes of the mispriced mooncakes and refused to honor the list price. We only sold 1,000 boxes. Where did the 10,000 boxes come from? You trying to give me a heart attack? And we never said we wouldn't honor the order. I had to say more so the reporters would care. Sheng Xin Ren, you and your assistant, write up a report this instant. In the report, say it was his personal conduct. As the supervisor, it was your neglect. It has nothing to do with the company. And turn in your resignation letters along with the report. Mr. Shi. I'm doomed. Jing Shi Department Store, this is Operations Department. Mr. Shi, there's a reporter on the line for you. Tell them I'm not here. Hello? I'm sorry, our manager is-- Hello? About this issue, we will hold a formal press conference at two o'clock this afternoon. We will have a detailed explanation for you then. Thank you. - Just a little while longer. - So sorry. Our manager is on his way. Mr. Shi. Members of the press, the unfortunate mistake happened because our company failed to conduct thorough supervision and standard of procedure. It's regrettable that our errors led to customer confusion and misunderstanding. I'd like to apologize to the public on behalf of Jing Shi Department Store. How do you plan to resolve the situation? - Will you ship out the orders? - Of course. I'd like to first set the record straight. So far, there are only 1,329 customers who ordered our mooncake gift sets online. The rumor about there being more than 10,000 boxes is completely incorrect. For those 1,329 customers, we will ship out the gift sets at the listed price of 30 cents. As for other customers who would like to make purchases, our website will be back online soon. We will also offer a 30 percent discount, for everyone else who would like to order our mooncake gift set. Stop talking. Who's going to be responsible for all of this? In order to demonstrate our sincerity, for all of the customers who place an order now, we also have a small gift for you. Before now, in order to qualify as a VIP customer, you'd have to make a single purchase of $6,000 or more. Now, you will get a VIP card for free when you order our mooncakes online. On behalf of Jing Shi Department Store, we would like to offer our deepest apology for this unfortunate mechanical error. I hope everyone will continue to support Jing Shi Department Store. Thanks. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Jason is quite photogenic. He seems very cool and collected in times of crisis. Yes, very much so. He should be rewarded. - Call him and ask him to come see me. - Yes, Mr. Chairman. That was my show, what were you doing hogging the limelight? This was my plan, so I could best explain it to everyone. You changed the price without approval, then you contacted the media saying there were more than 10,000 orders. If I didn't pump up the number, there wouldn't be so many media outlets. Now the GM wants me to carry full responsibility. Do you know how much money we'll lose due to this negative news story? You mean, how much money we'll make? - What's the cost of a gift set? - Nine. What's nine times 1,329? 12,296 Let's round it up to 12,500. 12,500 plus shipping... - 1,500. - You don't need to raise your hand. 12,500 plus 1,500 equals 14,000. The company's Moon Festival budget for print media ad campaign is 30,000. How much money did we make? 16,000. Thirty seconds of exposure at each media outlet, plus the subsequent online discussions, we spent a total of... Zero dollars. Mr. Shi, didn't you say these things can naturally be compartmentalized into little blocks, which will then lead to some successful elements. One leads to another, as the circles overlap and intertwine, and there will be dramatic developments and results? I think we will probably issue more than 1,000 VIP cards this month. Nice work. Mr. Shi, I'll go make the rounds. Hello, this is Shi Te Long. Bro, thank you so much for letting us borrow your expensive wine. We're terribly honored by it. Next time, I'll definitely treat you to a night out. You decide if you want to see a show first or drink up and then see a show. What? Hold on a second. Sheng Xin Ren, the photo shoot is done. What other shots do you need? Take them back. Do you want to be charged with misappropriation? I've already addressed this issue. They will be delivered to you right away. Thanks, buddy. Go, now! I scolded her. No. Mr. Jason, don't worry, I've been taking good care of your cars. Are you sure? Especially the red one, Angelina Jolie. Give me the keys. Master Qin is waiting for you. - What's the hurry? Give them to me. - You be good now. If you want to praise me, make it quick. I have a lot of things to do. Praise? What have you done that deserves praise from me? Well, otherwise, what does Mr. Chairman want with me, a mere "vegetable"? Do you remember what your job title is? Administrative assistant. Tell me, what's the job description of an administrative assistant? What are you getting at? Who authorized you to speak on behalf of the company? Above you, there's specialist, team leader, section chief, deputy GM, and general manager. Since when do we need a small administrative assistant to speak? Dad, do you know how long it has been since Jing Shi was featured on TV? This is a huge media advertisement and the cost is zero. Who authorized you to do this? I decided myself. Good. Very good. If you give me a chance, I can do better. I'm giving you one last chance. You'll receive a major demerit. If you break any more company policies, you'll be fired. Then you'll have to go find yourself another job. Why? Just because you're my son doesn't mean you can do whatever you want. In the future, you must follow the chain of command. Do you know how many useless, even treacherous people are at Jing Shi? Jing Shi needs reform. You're the chairman. You just let the problems sit and rot. You should get a major demerit, not me. Is this how an administrative assistant should speak to the chairman? Do you want me to fire you right here, right now? What are you doing? What are you doing here? Why can't I be here? What are you doing, anyway? Nothing. Just taking the escalator. Taking the escalator? You think you're Jackie Chan or something? You're trying to come up with martial arts moves? What? Are you taking the wine back? - That's right. - Then hurry up and go. Why do you keep riding up and down? Because I just remembered, I forgot to bring something. So then I came back up. But then I suddenly realized that it seemed to be in my purse. So then I went down. But then it came to me, I have something else to finish. So then I came back up. Then go finish your thing. I'll take the wine back for you. No. I'll go, it's fine. I need to get some fresh air, anyway. - Give it. - Hand it over. Who broke the bottles of wine? Who? Mr. Shi... I did. It was you? Do you know how much that wine's worth? - How much? - More than a 30,000 bucks. Four bottles is worth more than a 30,000 bucks. Now they're worth nothing, because of you. You can only repay it with your life. It's just a 30,000 bucks. Stop poking me, I'm not Facebook. Qin Zi Qi-- This is none of your business. Sheng Xin Ren, let me ask you. Did you get insurance on the wine? It needs insurance? I didn't know that, Mr. Shi. What else? Something that expensive always requires insurance. This is a basic knowledge. How can you forget? Just admit it, you forgot to do that. Why are you shifting the blame to her? Who are you to lecture me? I'm not shifting the blame to anyone. I've got many things to take care of, every single day. This is the responsibility of the person who carries out the task. You should be worrying about that 30,000 bucks. How are you going to pay it back? Huh? I'll pay it back. Touch me again, I'll punch you. Are you getting gangster on me now? You think I'm afraid of you? I'll poke. I poke. If you touch me again, I will punch you for real. Qin Zi Qi, you really mean business? Don't be so sad, all right? It's not that serious. This is divine punishment. He deserves to suffer a little, right? But... You shouldn't have used violence. I did no such thing. You were there. You saw how he fell down all by himself. Well... What should we do now? What do you mean? Just pay it back. Do you have other questions? Anything that can be solved by money isn't really a problem. Get it? Don't worry. Qin Zi Qi. Actually... Those bottles of wine... Those bottles of wine were broken... Qin Zi Qi! You assaulted your supervisor. You're a dead man. You'll be fired, I tell you. - Who assaulted you? - You did. You fell on your own. I was kind enough to bring you to the hospital. Don't you know what being grateful means? I... Whatever. Qin Zi Qi, don't you take off! We'll go another round, if you have the guts. Qin Zi Qi! Come back. Qin Zi Qi doesn't even have money to eat. How is he going to pay back that much money? But I think I should be the one to pay back the money. Xin Ren, you painstakingly saved up a 30,000 bucks. Now you're finally one foot inside your Dream House. Do you really want to make your mom wait another four years? It was tough, that's true. But Qin Zi Qi, he's even worse off than I am. I was the one who broke the bottles of wine. Hush! What if Qin Zi Qi hears you? If he hears me, that's fine. I would feel more relieved. Qin Zi Qi is so annoying. Why don't you just let him shoulder the blame? You broke three bottles. He broke one. He's also responsible. I can't do that. However annoying Qin Zi Qi may be, we can't do that to him. Moreover... This is the biggest lie I've ever told in all of my life. I was the one who made the mistake. I can't let him take the blame for me. This is not right. It's my fault. I shouldn't have given you such a terrible idea. It's not your fault, Lele. I know you meant well. You didn't force me, either. I decided to do this. No, I have to be responsible. Where are you going, Xin Ren? I'm going to see Qin Zi Qi and apologize to him. I want to clear things up What about the Dream House? If the only way I could have my Dream House was by having Qin Zi Qi take the blame for me... then even if I did move in... I couldn't live with my conscious. What's wrong? I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to. Turns out, you do lie. You lied to your boss and your underling. Well, you're only human. You're susceptible to lying, too. But telling the truth at the critical moment, the person is either too honest or simply a fool. Which one are you? The former or latter? Or maybe both? I know I'm in the wrong, but I was just terrified. I'm terrified that four years of hard work will vanish into thin air. Do you know how important that money is to me? When I thought about the promise I made to my mom... I promised to give her a home that won't leak. Then I couldn't bring myself to say it. It's just... I didn't know things would end up like this. I didn't know you would get involved, too. I'm so sorry. There's a thin line between naive and dumb. From now on, it doesn't matter who broke how many bottles. It's both of our responsibility. We'll shoulder it together. Together. Qin Zi Qi, you don't have much money, either. You don't have to do this. This isn't about money. I told you I would help you, I mean it. Who is it? It's me. Dad. What are you doing back here? Didn't I tell you, you can't move back in? Can't I just come back and visit? There's something I'd like to talk to you about. If you're here to borrow money, no way. It's about money, but I'm not here to borrow money. Do you remember Sheng Xin Ren? Who? She's the girl who told off reporters at Yu Cheng Feng's press conference. That's just uncalled for. Today is Master Yu's fashion show. You should focus on the clothes, instead of prying into his personal affairs. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYEE QIN ZI QI HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER-FON REN YUE The amount of money isn't the issue. The issue is who is responsible. Whoever is at fault must be held responsible. - I didn't say I won't-- - The same goes for you. I didn't say I won't take responsibility. Whatever I have to pay back, just deduct it from my wages. I'm talking about Sheng Xin Reng's part. I don't know her. But I do know her. She is a... A very hard-working fool. Perfect attendance, four straight years. She does more than anyone, no complaints. She's finally saved up 30,000 bucks. So, what? She's a very hard-working employee. She works harder than Shi Te Long and Hu Jian Chong. I don't understand why you happily use supervisors who only play tricks instead of solving problems. And why you won't help a hard-working employee. What's Sheng Xin Ren to you? A colleague. Does she know your identity? No. Good. I'll let Ms. Fon know, a third of her wages will be deducted every month. Deducting her wages means you want her to pay for it. Death by dismemberment or by decapitation, either way, you want her dead. A company has its own rules. Rules are dead. Just do it, as a favor to me. Why should I do you a favor? I wanted you to start from entry-level because I want you to get rid of your prince mentality. I want you to learn. But now, you're still stirring up trouble because you still think like a prince. Last time, it was the press conference. This time, it's some expensive red wine. You want to stand up for Sheng Xin Ren? Fine, then we'll deduct your wages. That is, if you still have any wages left to be deducted. Why can't you understand? I-- Fine. From now on, I will forget I'm your son. I will work hard on my own. You were never a great father to me, anyway. I think I can understand why Mom left you all those years back. Zi Qi. It's not what you think. - Your mom, she-- - You don't need to explain. I grew up without a mother. From now on, even without a father, I'm sure I'll be just fine. Hello? According to company policy, I would really have to terminate you. Auntie Fon-- Deputy General Manager. He fell down on his own. He wanted to put the blame on me. So you didn't touch him? He started poking me first. He started poking you? So he was the first? And then you struck back? No, I was just trying to-- Now, the only way to solve this is to apologize to Mr. Shi. Ask for his forgiveness and have him pull the termination request. He's the one at fault. Why should I apologize? Fine. Now I have no choice but to announce your termination. You should fire him, first. Jason, you father's tests have never been easy. Between you and him, my bet's on you. You aren't going to let me down, are you? OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT I'm sorry. What? Louder, I can't hear you. I'm sorry, Mr. Shi. Qin Zi Qi, I'm kind enough not to press assault charges against you. You should really lower your voice. I only raised my voice because you said you couldn't hear me. Fine, I won't fire you today. But I'll give you two major demerits, plus detention. Also, what about the wine? Who's going to pay for it? It's pocket change. You can deduct it from my wages. - Mr. Shi. - What are you doing? Qin Zi Qi has got nothing to do with that. Actually, I'm the one who broke the wine bottles. Fine, you're a sweet couple, I get it. I asked you to train him, I didn't ask you to take blame for him. Go, this isn't about you. No, I'm not trying to take blame for him. The wine bottles... they were already broken before the photo shoot. You mean... the bottles of wine we had at the photo shoot-- They were fake. I faked them with red wine I bought from the convenient store. You tricked me with fake wine? I didn't mean to. We were about to do the photo shoot. Do you know what you're saying? Mr. Shi, I know it's my fault. I'm willing to take responsibility. All right, it's a good thing that you have the guts to shoulder the blame, Sheng Xin Ren. However, right now, it's no longer about whether you want to take responsibility. You brought me fake wine. We took photos of fake wine and used them on our advertisement. What if the distributor finds out? Who's going to take the blame? Sheng Xin Ren, why aren't you more grateful? I raised you up and promoted you to be interim team leader. Yet you turn around and stab me in the back? I'm really sorry. I will pay for everything. Who wants you to pay? Fine. This is no longer just about paying it back. Do you know how serious this is? Let me tell you, Sheng Xin Ren, you can't just write a report and get a slap on the wrist for this. Even as a manager-- Even as your manager, I'm not sure I can save you from this mess. COME UP TO EAT WHEN YOU SEE THIS Sheng Xin Ren, are you really going to resign? Yeah, what else can I do? Is it really that serious? Maybe you could get detention instead? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 