Office Girls: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Office Girls 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Office Girls (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's too sweet! Who made this crap? What's Leasing doing getting this kind of mooncake? Are they trying to sabotage us in Operations? Tell them, we won't sell this mooncake. - But, Mr. Shi... - What? Did you taste this? Is it good? See? What if our customers complain afterwards because they get diabetes from these? Should the responsibility fall on Leasing or Operations? But Mr. Shi, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Leasing already decided to order from this mooncake manufacturer. Whose side are you on? You're in my department, you listen to me. I'm telling you to send them back. Me? Mr. Shi, I don't think I have that kind of authority. Maybe you should talk to Leasing about sending the mooncakes back. I already told you, you're interim Team Leader now. I authorize you to do so. Go do it. For something like this, even if she went, she'd only get scolded for it. Shouldn't this be something supervisors discuss between each other? Hold on. What are you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Since when is a "standard feature" like you allowed to talk to me? Precisely. Because a "standard feature" isn't qualified to speak to higher ups, we need a "luxurious flagship feature" to do the negotiations. Mr. Shi, you are the "luxurious flagship feature." You're pumping me up and then sending me into the lions' den. How did you know? Sheng Xin Ren, go bring back the wine for the promotional flyer photo shoot. On the way back, bring me two cups of bubble tea. Sugar free and only a little bit of ice. Why did you say that to Shi Te Long? "Standard feature" and "luxurious flagship feature"? I can't stand him. He's all lip-service and delegates everything to his subordinates. When two departments have a difference in opinion, supervisors need to talk it out. It's wrong of him to just ask you to do his job for him. Right? Even if you stayed quiet, nobody would think you're a mute. Well, I'll tell you what, you handle the red wine, I'll handle the mooncakes. You just want an excuse to go to Leasing. Is it that obvious? That's fine. I'll ask Lu Cha to go. Sure. Lu Cha. Do you need to hide like this? Look how sincere his hiding pose is, unlike someone who doesn't even bother to hide. Looks like I'm the only one you can count on. I'll go. Fine, I'll give you an excuse to go to Leasing. So you can go make googly eyes with Kai Er. Oh, yeah. It's not my doing. Mr. Hu is very insistent on purchasing that manufacturer's mooncakes. I can't wrap my head around why anyone would insist on purchasing diabetes-causing mooncakes? I don't know whether or not Mr. Hu and the manufacturer have a special relationship. There are things I cannot ask or speculate without merit. - I just want you to know... - I know... You need a sense of security. I try my hardest to do everything well. But sometimes, you're limited by circumstances. Leave it to me, I'll figure something out. What will you do? I haven't figured it out yet. But I know I will come up with something. Wine is like humans. They have birthdays and DNA, too. Their birthday is the production year. Their DNA is the winery. The 2009 Christie's auctions sold $50 million worth of wine. Sotheby's auctions sold $41 million, too. Look at these four bottles. 1982 Château Lafite. The year before last, I got them from the Sotheby's auction in Hong Kong. Thirty thousand. Thirty... Thirty thousand? Hong Kong Dollars. Don't you know anything about marketing and packaging? How would it start trending if they aren't expensive? They will bring out the elegance of our Moon Festival gift sets. Why are you so thick-skulled? Mr. Shi, so now I'm to... What? Are you doubting me again? Bring them back right away. I'm a busy man. Wine that's worth more than 30,000 bucks. It's too risky to take them on a moped. If I had an accident and fell, I would be in deep trouble. Never-mind. I think I'll take the bus. What if there are no available seats on the bus... Never-mind, I'll take a cab. I think I can write it off as an expense. Three out of four bottles broke. There's just one left. Seven thousand, five hundred a bottle. Three bottles... That's 22,000 bucks. Twenty-two thousand, Sheng Xin Ren. Why did you carry something so expensive all by yourself? Shi Te Long told me to. I didn't know they would be so expensive. Don't they cost around six bucks per bottle at a convenient store? Sheng Xin Ren, this red wine is from one of the top French wineries. It's sold at international auctions. You think it's just grape juice in these bottles? I was already super careful with them. I wonder if they would let me pay it back in installments? Are you thinking about paying it back with your own money? I already signed the agreement. I can't not pay them back. Xin Ren, It took you four long years of extremely frugal living to save up to 30,000 bucks. Now all of a sudden, you're going to lose 22,000? Dear God, where are you? Didn't you just sign an agreement to buy an apartment? What now? It's all right. He's friends with Qin Zi Qi. I think he'll let me tear up the contract. Where we live now isn't all that bad. Worst comes to worst, I can start over with the Dream House Fund. I'll just save for another four years. Four years. Four years. How many of our best four years do we really have? Plus, where we live now, it's an illegal structure that could get torn down whenever it gets reported. If one day a crazy person snitches on us, the two of us would end up on the street. But if I don't pay it back, Shi Te Long will kill me. Xin Ren, you saved up penny by penny, in order to buy a home. Do not renege on the home purchase contract. Plus, the reason why we work so hard is so that we can have a good life. It doesn't make sense for you to pay back the wine on behalf of the company. Now... What should I do now? I've already smashed the wine bottles. The photo shoot is tomorrow. All right, don't cry. We'll think of something. Go back to the office. Leave it to me. Also, do not let anyone know about this. Just pretend nothing happened. Especially your crappy manager. If he finds out, you're really doomed. OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT How come you didn't bring the wine back? Mr. Shi, the thing is, I went on my moped. So I thought I'd bring my moped back. I'll take a cab to get the wine later. It's safer that way. Sheng Xin Ren, are you SpongeBob? Don't you have any common sense? Take a cab and bring the wine back first, and then go back for your moped. I didn't think of that. No, I must call this guy and talk to him. I can't afford to upset him. Mr. Shi... there's no need. You're so busy. Why don't you take care of your things? I'll go back in a bit to fetch them. Don't let me interrupt you. Sheng Xin Ren, do you smell something funny? Like maybe crap has hit the fan, that kind of funny smell? No. - Is that right? - Yes. - Really? - Yes. Are you sure? Excuse me, Mr. Shi. Tea. - Tea? - Yep. Lavishing me with gifts without cause, you're up to no good. What did you put in the tea? Come clean. Tea leaves. Why would I mess with you? I still want to work here, right? Boy, you're getting the hang of it. Bitter, right? Have a bite of mooncake. You're getting better. First bitter, then sweet. Doesn't it feel like being on a rollercoaster? Sweet, aromatic mooncakes go with refreshing tea. It's decided, then. Jing Shi Moon Festival gift set, limited edition Moon Tea Treasure Box. Qin Zi Qi, did Leasing bribe you or something? Why are you helping them out? I'm not doing them any favors. This is to our advantage. This way, we'll not only increase sales revenue, we can avoid direct confrontation with the Leasing Department, and we can share the sales profit. We can also use this opportunity to demonstrate the wisdom and talent of our "luxurious flagship feature," while also making the rabbit grow fond of you. Why would I want those rabbits in Leasing to grow fond of me? Plus, you know I'm a person of principle. I said I won't sell Leasing's mooncakes, and that's final. Young man, I hear you've been hanging out with Leasing's Zheng Kai Er. The two of you have even gone on a date and went to the movies? We have a purely platonic relationship. Drop the act. Save that for the paparazzi. You can develop a platonic relationship with Leasing's gorgeous assistant manager? That means you've got too much free time. Here. The mission to maintain world peace is now in your hands. From now on, until the end of the month, I want to see 1,000 new VIP customers. You can stay in the office every day and make those phone calls. You think this is Lady Gaga's concert? Where am I supposed to find 1,000 VIP customers? It's simple. There are ten more days until the end of the month. 100 per day. 10 per hour. You know how to do division, right? Then, you can compartmentalize tasks into little blocks. That will naturally lead to some successful elements. One leads to another, as the circles overlap and intertwine, you will naturally get unexpected developments and results. Get it? - I don't get it. - Me neither. Go make the calls. Kai Er, I really hate to reprimand you in front of so many people. However, if Operations Department comes up with their own mooncake gift set, then Leasing should just shut down altogether. Mr. Hu, can we maybe ask the manufacturer to adjust the flavor of the mooncakes? Back then, I promoted you from a specialist to assistant manager because you're always meticulous, and you're very loyal. However, lately, I feel like you're not as capable as you used to be. Mr. Hu, Ms. Zheng has been busy. Maybe I can help out? You're very considerate. You know how to share your supervisor's burdens. Kai Er, if you are too busy for this project, I can assign it to Qi Fen. Mr. Hu, I can do it. Don't let me down again. Ms. Zheng, if there's anything I can do to help, please let me know. If you really want to help, you can start by shutting your mouth. Why did you say all that in front of her? Do you really want to work under Zheng Kai Er all your life? Not me. Hello, this is Jing Shi Department Store VIP card outreach center. Do you... Cutie, this is Jing Shi Depar... Baby, do you remember me? It doesn't matter who I am. What matters is, have you ever used a Jing Shi Department Store's VIP card? - Let me tell you... - You think this is funny? You men are always playing with women's feelings. You're sick, shame on you. You had a fight with your boyfriend? That's all right. It doesn't matter. What matters is, have you ever used a Jing Shi Department Store-- I'm sorry, I couldn't help you out. I should be the one to apologize. Because of me, Shi Te Long sent you to the office equivalent of Siberia. The game's not over yet. I have a feeling he will be transferred to the frozen food section. You didn't do anything wrong. You accidentally got involved in the in-fighting between the two departments. We're all working for the same company. What good could result from in-fighting? Everyone knows Mr. Hu takes bribes. He enjoys the benefits, while Operations Department has to answer to the sales revenue. How can Shi Te Long not be jealous? It's these guys in charge of company products. No wonder sales remain stagnant. These people should be fired first. He's a Deputy GM, my direct supervisor. I can only pray he doesn't fire me. He's already giving me a hard time about this mooncake gift set thing. There won't be much time left for these people to make a mess of this place. You just wait and see. How come you're so confident? Because I... Because... Because I'm thinking what's best for our future. I feel bad making you listen to me complain. Listening to you complain is an honor. Here, you eat it. We can share it, 50-50. Soak it in water, until the label separates. Then stick it on the bottle of wine I bought. Dry it with a blow dryer. Done. Look, makeover for a $10 bottle of wine I bought from the convenient store. Now it's worth hundreds of times more. Well? Can you see the difference? How would I know? I don't know anything about wine. See, those expensive wines are only for the rich and bored people to pretend they have taste. You don't know anything about it, neither do I. Even if Shi Te Long knew something, he wouldn't know enough to spot it. Even if Shi Te Long can't tell the difference, when we return them after the photo shoot, the wine collector would definitely notice the difference. Just focus on what we have to do today. We'll come up with something else when tomorrow comes. Really? What are you doing? Pickling vegetables? Qin Zi Qi, this is our home. - What we do is none of your business. - That's right. Why are you so defensive? I'm just here for my laundry. Is it ready? It's ready. You wait here. - Can't I sit down? - No, you may not. - Stingy. - Immature. Here you go. You can leave now. You two are acting weird. - Not at all. - No way. I smell red wine. - What? - No way. What are you doing? You're pickling vegetables with red wine? That's got to be expensive. So? I want to tell you in advance, if you want to use expensive ingredients, it's none of my business. But if the meals exceeds 50 bucks, I won't pay for the extra charge. That's fine with me. Just go. Go on. - Stingy. - Immature. Lele, what should we do? He saw it. Do you think he will find out? No, it's really dark right now. Wine bottles all look alike. Plus, Qin Zi Qi is so dumb, he won't find out. Let's continue. A bottle of wine worth 6,000 or more, I think only someone like me, Shi Te Long, would have the clout to be able to borrow them. Perfecto. You there. You have to follow up on the Yu Cheng Feng thing. It's not enough for him to show up at the department store for a minute. He is supposed to open a shop here. If you can't get him to open a shop here, I'll demote you back to a specialist. You hear me? Our Operations Department's mooncakes... Why did you startle me? Put it down. It's time for the photo shoot. You see? With such high-class wine, the mooncakes are elevated from a local snack to gourmet pastry. It's not just quality, but artistry. This is the art of marketing and packaging. Do you understand? What are you doing? Don't touch it. Quit playing around. Put them back. Sheng Xin Ren, when we're done with the photo shoot, return the red wine. You must remember, you have to thank him again, all right? What are you doing? Just wiping off the dust. It's expensive. Don't drop it. I don't need you to tell me. Get lost! Just because you keep staring at your savings balance, it won't magically increase. You know that, right, Stingy? Wow, you've saved a bunch of money. That's right, I am stingy. So what? It's none of your business. What's the matter? You're worried the mooncakes won't sell? Something happened with Yu Cheng Feng's shop? What's the matter with you? You're crying. No, I'm not. Don't give me some lame excuse like dust got in your eye. I won't buy it. What's wrong? Nothing, I was just yawning. What's really going on? What do you want me to say? I've told you, it's nothing. Tell me, maybe I can help. You can't help me. You haven't told me yet, how do you know if I can't help you? Sheng Xin Ren! I got it. You can say you were robbed on the way there. The robber took the wine. What if he went to the police? What if they check the surveillance camera footage? You'd be visiting me in jail during this year's Moon Festival. Or when you hand them to him, you can pretend they slipped, and you can say he dropped the bottles. What if he catches the bottles at the last second? Or if the bottles fall on the floor but they don't break? What if he just happens to-- Never-mind. You can find a dark night to return the wine to him. Maybe he's got bad eyesight, and he won't notice. How's that possible? He's a wine collector. We can fool Shi Te Long, but we can't possibly fool him. Let's keep thinking. We can still figure something out. Lele, you don't have to do this anymore. I'm the one who broke the bottles of wine. I'll figure something out. Didn't you make plans with friends to sing karaoke? Go. All right. WINE COLLECTOR Hello? Yes, thank you so much. They look great on film. We still need to do a few more shots. Maybe just two or three more days. Yes, I understand. I will be careful. Thanks. Bye-bye. My goodness, I lied again. What am I going to do? I'm doomed. Xin Ren, it took you four long years of extremely frugal living to save up to a million bucks. Now all of a sudden, you're going to lose 22,000? Didn't you just sign an agreement to buy an apartment? What now? HOME PURCHASE AGREEMENT You think staring at the agreement will make your apartment get bigger? Or do you think the apartment will get built sooner? - Or you think staring at the agreement-- - None of your business! What are you doing up here? Hold on, listen to me. I just realized, I forgot my keys. I can't get into my apartment. Do you have the phone number of a locksmith? Locksmith? Don't you know it's super expensive to call a locksmith at this hour? Really? Of course, do you even have that kind of money? No. Neither do I. Then, let me crash in your living room tonight. What? Are you trying to earn this kind of money, too? Locksmiths rip people off. Are you going to rip me off, too? Did I say I was going to charge you? That's more like it. This is what being friendly and dependable is all about. What happened to you? - What do you mean? - Your knee's bleeding. It's nothing. Really? Did you know, you can pass out from too much blood loss? Plus I think your wound-- Quit nagging, or you can do this yourself. You're distracting. It's open. Listen, this time it's free. Next time you forget your keys, I will charge you. A waste of my coat hanger. Wait. I think you should take care of your wound first. I can do it myself. Sit still, stop fidgeting. Why would anyone fail to notice they got hurt? Are your pain nerves damaged? Sorry! Watch it, all right? - I do have pain nerves. - I'm sorry. For a split second, I thought you were a good person. You thought I was a good person for a split second? Are you really falling for me? What... Knock off that self-complacency crap. Qin Zi Qi, you didn't pay the electricity bill? Electricity costs money? Duh! What are you still doing here? Put it on my tab. Fine, my treat. - Here you go. - Why? Aren't you out of power? Here's some candles. These are ten bucks. These are 15. This is five bucks. These are ten bucks? They're probably from your birthday from God knows when. Stingy. Had I known, I wouldn't have helped you. If I didn't invest, you'd have no way of buying that place. Why are you so mean? I didn't ask you to help me. If you think they're too expensive, then don't buy them. Go back downstairs and wait for your electricity to come back on. No, I meant-- MOMMY CALLING Mom? What's wrong? Why are you calling me out of the blue? Nothing, really. I just thought, you haven't come home in a while. I wanted to call and see how you're doing. You've probably finished the pickled veggies. Do you want me to send some more? I know you're busy with work, but you have to take care of yourself. I still have some pickled cucumbers. You don't need to send more. That's fine. I'll send you another box. You can put it in the fridge. It's been really hot lately. You live on the top floor. If it's too hot, you should turn on the air conditioning. I know you're very frugal, but you can't skimp on the necessities, all right? I know. I'll turn on the air-conditioning when it's hot. I won't make myself suffer just to save money. I know you too well. You always say that, but you never buy new clothes. You should be nicer to yourself. Come back when you have some days off. I'll have some days off in a little bit. I'll go home and visit you. Work is important, but your health is more important. Don't send money anymore. I don't need any money. You should spend it on yourself. Have a nice meal, and buy something for yourself. I know you're busy. If you don't have time, you don't have to come back to visit. Just call me once in a while. All right. That's all. You have to take care, too. I will, you too. What's wrong? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 