Snowfall: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Snowfall 
 s1e10 - The Rubicon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Snowfall (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - The Rubicon - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This will catch on. Those two always together. Not when they rolled up on me. Just Lenny. Nah, that can't be right. (gunshot) LEON: Don't tell me. I was there. It's all destroyed... The camp, our pipeline. I have other suppliers we can use for now. (camera shutter clicks) TEDDY: The Colombians? That's Jess, right? And him, you know, Latin Freddie Mercury. You have the balls to come in here after running to daddy? You want me to run. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (speaks Spanish) We have to talk about what's gonna happen with the business. (engine rumbling) (brakes squeal) (engine stops, dog barking in distance) Thanks for the lift, man, for letting me crash. Anytime, my brother. You give Leon my best. (zips bag) If you need to talk, you know I'm here for you, okay? (laughs) All right, man. Thanks. All right. Also... you got any more of that crack stuff, I'd definitely be interested. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I got you. Rad! (engine starts) Oh, don't forget. Up there to the left. Freeway. All right? - I remember. - Don't get lost again! ♪♪ (door creaks closed) Still going good, huh? It's better than good, nephew. I don't know why you sleepin' over that white boy house like we ain't got a perfectly good couch. Think you just answered your own question. You was out late last night. You damn right I was. And look, we got to re-up on this powder. No problem. You got any idea where we gon' cook up the next batch? ♪♪ I know you ain't just look at my kitchen like you plan to use. We gonna rent a place. Somewhere we can store it and cook the product. All right, Louie, I'm-a put you on that. Go see Walter. He'll hook it up. ♪♪ Boy, we gotta talk turkey. I feel like the product's priced right. I ain't talkin' 'bout the product. Now when you first came to me, you said we was gonna split this down the middle, 50/50. Then what you do? Huh? You turn me away. I've done all the heavy lifting, huh? I'm not giving half away now. (laughs) You ain't givin' shit, all right? Now I'm earnin' it. You need a partner, not them little knuckleheads you be runnin' around with. You need somebody that know the game, got some cred. Set your little narrow ass straight. It's my connect, my product, my process. I've already got Lee and Kev to take care of. (bills rustling) (sighs) I can give y'all 10%. - Shit, you trippin'. - Woman. 40%. 20 and even that's pushin' it. (bills rustling) (laughs) - 25%, we straight. - Deal. Yeah! That's my family right there! Hey? Move that. I'm-a take a shit. Y'all gon' keep counting that. (beads rustle) (door opens, closes) (dog barking in distance) Mm. Ray-Ray thinkin' on it. Should know soon. Either way, you're gon' take care of me, right? I got you. What about you? You all right? You juggling a lot of shit. You doin' okay? Mm. (sighs) ♪♪ I will make this go away. Just like I said that I would. But I do need one thing from you to make it happen. What? Need you to leave town for a little while. How long? Just a month. Maybe two at the most. No. That's not possible. Look, you saw what she did with the flyers of Kristin. Right? This is gonna be so much worse. She's gonna go to the cops if she hasn't already. And then she's gonna go to the newspapers and the evening news and your face is gonna be everywhere. In two days, I'm making a deal with the Colombians. And if I disappear, so will they. You'll have no one to fly the shipment. No, I can find another pilot. And you'll still deal with the Colombians. You just won't be doing it from here. Or I take care of the girl and nothing changes. (utensil clatters) Look... (sighs) If she goes missing, especially now, after finding this, that's gonna look terrible. They'll think she ran away just like her sister. No, it is too big of a risk. We're not there yet. (Utensil clatters) And what if you're wrong, hmm? And you can't stop her? I can control this. I can. I-I... I'll ramp up surveillance on her apartment. I'll put a full tap on her phone. I will use all of the company resources to discredit her and steer her off the path. I just need you to please help me do my job. Okay. (footsteps depart) ♪♪ (men singing in Spanish) Might have something for you, Ray. I have something to share with you folks, okay? Come inside. I'm gonna have one of my guys call you. Nothing heavy. Take a look. Here. (exhales deeply) ♪♪ Remember your cousin Antonio from San Diego? Yeah, I remember his breath stank something awful. Graduated from San Diego State. Business and accounting. You're doing this now? You said you were fine. And just because your father has passed away does not mean business stops. It's not stopping. I'm handling the books. When I'm ready to take on someone new, I'll let you know. You're gonna let me know? (footsteps approach) (Indistinct conversations in Spanish) MAN: Señora. Señora. (sighs) (exhales) (kiss) (pats shoulder) (speaks Spanish) (speaks Spanish) Mm. (cries) (sniffles) (continues crying) (doors creaking open) (doors close) (keys jingle) Mom? Whatchu doin' home? I could ask you the same question. Where you been sleepin'? Jerome's? Volpe's. I just came home to shower, grab some clothes. You all right? (scoffs) Listen, Mom, I'm sorry I lied to you. It was disrespectful, and I should've treated you better than that. Talk to me. Tulf fired me. What? W-why? I called his ass out. Told him to put me on them Westside properties like he'd been promisin'. Said things had changed, that he needed to sell it. (chuckles) That I'd have other opportunities. I don't know exactly what happened then. I just know I saw red, and I went after him and... (sighs) When it was done, I was bein' tossed out. Fuck Tulfowitz. - (scoffs) - You hear me? And all the shit he put you through. Fuck him. This is a good thing. - This is a good thing? - Mm-hmm. That was my job, Franklin. You'll get another job. One that deserves you. Where? Doin' what? I killed myself trying to make that man happy, and now I just threw it all away. Tulf ain't gonna give me no references. There's bills and then the mortgage. You ain't gonna worry about any of that anymore, Mom. Huh? Unh-unh. (money thuds) I don't want your reefer money. (footsteps depart) (sighs) (closes drawer) (siren wailing in distance) (zips bag) (door creaks open) No, you can, uh, leave the robe at home this time, just, uh, keep an eye on things while I'm in there. Yeah, okay. Thanks. I'll see you soon. (receiver clatters) (horn honks in distance) (dialing) (line rings) VICTORIA: Hi. If you have any information on Kristin, please leave your name and... (receiver clatters) (lock clicks) (opens and closes drawer) (clicking) ♪♪ Doesn't change a thing. (speaking Spanish) Fuck, yeah. That's the best time. Whole family in one place. Drunk, tired, easy pickings. You know where they're having the velario? I want you to go, Gustavo, check the place out, see how many people we're gonna need, what the layout looks like. (door creaking) (door closes) Oso. Almost there, vato. Don't bitch out now. (Dog barking, rooster crowing in distance) (muffled TV playing) (lock clicks) (door creaking) Victoria? (static) (voices speaking indistinctly on TV) (tool whirring in distance) (whirring continues) (whirring continues) Alejandro. (whirring stops) Get out of here, Teddy. No, I can't do that. Of course you can. It's the easiest thing in the world. Just turn around, walk out, close the door behind you. (exhales sharply) (strained voice) This isn't right. Isn't right? (chuckles) This is a war, Teddy. We do what is required of us, which is exactly what I did that night at the house, and unfortunately, what you are incapable of doing. So I'm doing this for both of us. This is my gift to you. All you have to do is... accept it. (breathes unevenly) You're doing great, Teddy. - (exhales sharply) - You're a hero. See you soon, okay? (breathes unevenly) (whirring resumes) (whirring continues) (whirring stops, TV playing indistinctly) (gunshot, thud) (breathing heavily) (TV continues playing indistinctly) (exhales deeply) (TV continues playing indistinctly) (speaking Hebrew) Fucking shit. (continues speaking in Hebrew) What's up with these crates here? What crates? These crates. ♪♪ Motherfucker! - Yuda... - YUDA: Huh? (speaking Hebrew) Did you know Franklin saved Yuda's life? - You know that? - No. It's true. Yeah. He's a good boy. (Laughs) So every time he come here, I offer him a drink, some snort, some pink. He always say no. Shit, I'm good with any one of those. Well, I didn't offer it to you, did I? ♪♪ (bottle clatters) Fuck did you bring them here for? Told you. Business is ramping up. Means we're gonna buy more. Pay upfront. That also means might not always be me here making the runs. Oh, yes, it will. It's you I like, you I trust. You put on the vest. ♪♪ (laughs) Hey, you know, Avi, seeing as that we gonna be, you know, buying in bulk, paying upfront, how 'bout we do a little bit better on that price? What? I know you started the boy off at 12. You fronting the shit, he don't know no better. Now this shit is real. How 'bout you shave a little off that price? Oh. Maybe. - (Chuckling) Yeah. - Yeah, maybe. Or maybe I'll shave the eyebrows off your face and tell you to go suck on a donkey's dick. Uh, Avi, 12 is fine, all right? Fuck is this? I let you bring your friends into my house, and you fucking strong arm me? Hey, look, nobody trying to strong arm nobody. ♪♪ Hell you're not. ♪♪ And just so you know who's in fucking charge here, it's gonna be 13 a key. - Come on, Avi. - Keep on talkin'. It'll be 14. Or you can go someplace else. You greedy motherfuckas. ♪♪ Now get the fuck out. (bag zips) ♪♪ (kisses) ♪♪ I asked y'all to be cool. Hey, man, it ain't our fault the dude is crazy, cuz. Hey, man, he more than crazy. Motherfucker's racist. It doesn't matter. Unless y'all know where I can get pure product at those prices, Avi's our guy. I know where you get the product at a better price and you ain't gotta deal with no crazy ass Jew. Look, he getting it from somewhere, and it's much less than 12 a key. Now you have somebody stake out his little crib, see who comes and goes, get right to the source. Can't just sit outside his house and wait. Be arrested in five minutes in this neighborhood. You right. We can't. But you know someone who can. (lock turns) (bird cawing) (keys jingle and thud) (door creaks closed) (object clatters) (Train whistle blowing in distance) (machine beeps, click) JULIA: Hey, it's me. Uh, haven't heard from you in a couple of days. Starting to get a little worried. Could you please just give me a call when you get a chance? (baby whining) Are you okay, honey? You a little bit hungry? Oh, you wanna say hi? Wanna say hi? (shower running) Dada... Uh, all right. I hope you're okay. Um... love you. Bye. (machine beeps and clicks) (shower continues running) ♪♪ (Indistinct conversations in Spanish) (speaking Spanish) (pouring liquor) No... Hmm. No, mi amor... (scoffs) Hija... (door opens, closes) (muffled voices speaking indistinctly) (vehicles passing) (indistinct conversation in distance) (inhales deeply) Smoke with me? (speaks Spanish) Maybe you're smoking the wrong shit. Yeah, maybe. (inhales sharply) (exhales deeply) (siren wailing in distance) Ramiro's bringing someone in to learn the books. (laughs) You laugh 'cause you know you were right. Mm. Why are you still here? Because I have faith in you, chola. Yeah, seriously. We can run this business together. What if I told you I don't believe you? Or paranoid. (inhales sharply) (exhales deeply) That if I go through with this, I'm not doing it for you. I know. (sighs) And I have to be there. So they won't think I had anything to do with it. Okay. Call Stomper. Tell him I wanna meet. (lighter clatters) (lighter clicks) (lighter clatters) (exhales deeply) (dog barking in distance) Sure you good to be out here? Yeah. Need to get out that madhouse for a minute. That laid up shit getting old already. What? Nothin'. Bullshit. You got somethin', don't you? (indistinct conversations) Made a couple moves with Ray-Ray. Think I got everything set up. - All right, then, I'll be there. - No, man. You're gonna be a liability, and you know it. I mean, fuck that shit, cuz. Look, man, for real. Sit this one out. I got it. (siren wailing in distance) (Man shouts indistinctly in distance) Hey, Frank. When you had that gun on Carvel, what were you thinkin' about? What stopped you? I don't know. A lot of shit, I guess. Well, when you dealing with Ray-Ray and Lenny, I want you to think about taking care of your people, your folk. Your moms, your uncle, Louie, Melody. I even want you to think about me bleeding on that fucking ground and you pull that trigger. You hear me? You eat them or they eat you, that's all. We gonna be good, man. (indistinct conversations) (fast-paced classical piano piece playing) (knock on door) ♪♪ Teddy. (pounding on door) ♪♪ (button clicks, music stops) (door creaks) H-hey. (Clears throat) You don't answer your phone? (door creaks closed) (horns honking in distance) - (sighs) - Julia called. Said she hadn't heard from you in a couple of days and was worried there might be something wrong. (sighs) Things, um, um... Get dressed, Teddy. Okay. I didn't know you were a classical fan. Who was that? Chopin? ♪♪ James, I don't think I'm the guy for this. ♪♪ I went to bat for you, Teddy. I'm sorry. Want my advice? You need to learn to let things go. I mean, come on, this is just like Tehran all over again. Sometimes shit just goes wrong in our business. I could've prevented Tehran. I could've. I should've pulled my agent out. I knew he was in trouble, and nobody would listen. What does it matter? It happened. It wasn't your fault. But you came back to D.C. wound way too tight, and you took a samurai sword into the country coordinator's office. It was a Civil War saber. I don't understand. I thought that you'd be relieved that I'm out of this. The director's very proud of you. You know, money and supplies are flowing south. Contra fighters are back on the offensive. This thing is starting to work just like you knew it would. He's extremely pleased. So is the President. You're full of shit. He asked us to, uh, pass on his appreciation to the responsible parties. When I was 8, my dad took me to the White House where he was being honored for his service, and we had lunch, and I met Kennedy, and... That was the proudest moment of his whole life. ♪♪ I mean, it's in my file. I know you read it. Look, I am not manipulating you, Teddy. I am just passing on the, uh, sentiment. This is working. Okay, but the question is is it gonna keep working because of you, or do I need to find somebody else? (glass clatters) (door creaks) Suey! (Laughs) Hey, this place dope, man. I mean, a few couches, some lava lamps, a big screen TV. Hey, we could a waterbed in this motherfucka, too. This ain't no motherfucking bachelor pad. It's a goddamn cook house. Just calm your ass down. We need to get the gas on right away. The stove the whole point. LOUIE: Can get that done as early as tomorrow. (chuckles) (beeping) (beeping stops) Ray-Ray. (dog barking in distance) (sighs) (indistinct conversations) (engine turns off) (dog barking in distance) (siren wails in distance) We need to talk. What about? How to avert a war. ♪♪ Yeah, there we go. (engine rumbling) (engine turns off) (car door closes) Didn't know you was bringing somebody. Just my uncle. Hold up your end, you ain't got nothin' to worry about. Let's just be clear, I'm not the bitch here. Whatever the fuck y'all did to Lenny fucked him up. Would've got us all killed. We know. You're doin' the right thing, man. Get 'em out. I'm-a help you. (trunk creaks) Get your ass up. Get up. (groans) Aah! (Groans) (grunts) Motherfucking Judas. A'ight, we good? Afraid we ain't. Need to know word of this shit never gonna leave this spot. (click) Nah, man. Fuck that, man. You told me to bring him here. That's what I did. Either do it so I know you'll keep your mouth shut, or you both dead. (groans) - Ray-Ray. - That wasn't the deal! - Well, it's the deal now. - Come on, man. Hey, man, I understand this ain't an easy ask. I know. Plenty more where that came from. We use men who know how to handle theyselves. Future could be bright. Hey. Hey, hey! Don't you do this shit for him. I told you to let this shit go. Man, you ain't never gonna forget this shit. You won't and you know it. Look at me, nigga. Hey! Oh, he thinkin' 'cause he doin' this shit for you, that this blood ain't gonna be on your hands, but it is, nigga. Ray-Ray! (groans) Yeah, you better watch your back! - Uh-huh. - Get the fuck... (grunts) - Come on, Ray-Ray. - Ray-Ray, man, come on! Come on, man. What the fuck you doin'? Look at me, man! - Do it, motherfucka! - All right, all right! - Ray-Ray! - Do it! Ray-Ray! Ray... (gurgling sound) For Leon, motherfucka. (gun rattles) You ever wanna make some ends, you know where to find me. ♪♪ (engine starts) (gravel crunches) (indistinct conversations) (exhales slowly) (latches click) (latches click) (exhales deeply) (clearing throat) (speaking Spanish) (inhales and exhales) (exhales deeply) (click) (speaking Spanish) Mm. Diego... (speaking Spanish) (paper rustles) Diego... (utensil clatters) (chewing) Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm fantastic. How are you? - American? - Oh, absolutely. (punch lands) (speaks Spanish) - Okay, okay, hold on, hold on. - Explain this shit! O-obviously, you're upset. Okay, you have every right to be. But just... okay, please just put the gun down and we could talk. (all shouting in Spanish) Alejandro Usteves. (exhales deeply) What was that? Alejandro Usteves. Okay. (Exhales deeply) You're here to make a deal with him, right? Alejandro was already bringing cocaine into the United States. He just needed DEA assistance to get it across the border. You two are gonna be bargaining chips. He was setting you up. I know that the same way I know everything about you two. I know that you like being in the United States. And I know that the Orejuelas trust you and leave you alone as long as the money keeps rolling in. And I can ensure that that continues to happen. Keep the DEA and local law enforcement off your ass, provide you with intel about your competitors and security at certain border points. What do we have to do for you? Well, you have to provide me with absolutely pure cocaine at prices that's gonna make your balls hurt. Who the fuck are you, man? Doesn't matter who I am. Only matters who I represent. And who's that? The United States government. (coughs and sniffles) (elevator bell dings) (indistinct conversations) ♪♪ (indistinct conversations in Spanish) (woman singing in Spanish) (speaking Spanish) ♪♪ Sí. You have to help me out. You have to back me up. - I can't do that. - Why not? - (scoffs) - Mija... ("Fantasy" by Earth, Wind & Fire playing) All right, all right, all right, give it up, give it up. How much we make today? Brothers? - Oh. - Man, what'd I tell you? Put the 1's in front of the 5's, right, and the 20's in the back. Hey, y'all paying attention? This is where it starts, you hear me? All right, then. ♪ Every man has a place Which one of y'all messed up my count? (speaks indistinctly) ♪ In his heart there's a space ♪ And the world can't erase his fantasies ♪ Tell the brothers to stop messing with my money. ♪ Take a ride in the sky ♪ On our ship fantasize ♪ All your dreams will come true right away ♪ (children shouting playfully) ♪ And we will live together ♪ Until the twelfth of never (cheering) All right, all right, all right, who's got money? You got money? You got money? Y'all kids gotta learn nothin' in life is free. Who's got money? You got money? You, you, you? Broke-ass kids. Get away from my truck. Hey. Never ride through my block without stopping, all right? These kids, they want something, anything, you serve 'em up, and I'll take care of you after. Cool? Yeah. Cool. ♪♪ - Here you go, baby. - Check out Franklin. ♪♪ ♪ Come to see victory Y'all get what you want. (children shouting playfully) ♪ In a land called fantasy ♪ Loving life for you and me ♪ To behold to your soul is ecstasy ♪ ♪ You will find other kind ♪ That has been in search of you ♪ Hey, Jules, it's me. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. It's just, um... things out here kind of... took a turn and... No. It's not. I got some bad news, Jules. Yeah. ♪♪ (speaking Spanish) Hey, I just... I just wanted to say I'm sorry about everything. I just... I love you and I'm happy that it's just us again. (sniffles) This family. It's late. (sniffles) Jabali! (sniffles, exhales) Make sure he gets home safe. (speaks Spanish) (Indistinct conversations in Spanish) (clears throat) Ciao, Papa. (Sniffles) (Indistinct conversation in Spanish continues) Hey. - Wanna join me? - No, not tonight. I just wanted to say about the books... I'll call Antonio tomorrow. I'll sit down with him, and I'll go over everything. Sounds good. (footsteps depart) (indistinct conversations) (telephone rings) (Lucia speaking Spanish) - órale. - Man, let's do it. (receiver clatters) (crickets chirping) (door handle clacks) (engine starts) (engine starts) (indistinct conversations) I'm not armed. Out of respect for the dead, I'm gonna let you leave here. You come near any one of us again, that's it. (whispers) I'm gonna kill you. I just wanna say goodbye. Then I'll leave. You'll never see me again. Go. (door closes) (gunfire) (indistinct shouting, woman screaming) (man shouting in Spanish) (women screaming, shouting continues) (rapid footsteps) (shouting continues) (engine revving) (men shouting in Spanish) (man speaking Spanish) (gasping) My God. ♪♪ LEE MOSES: ♪ All the leaves are brown Just like that. Please, I do know my way around the kitchen. (chuckles) ♪ And the skies are gray (speaks indistinctly) ♪ Oh, yes, I did ♪ On a winter's day You got it. ♪ I'd be safe and warm ♪ If I were in L.A. ♪ California dreamin' ♪ On a winter's day ♪ Yeah ♪ Went to the church, yes, I did ♪ ♪ I stopped along the way ♪ Oh! (laughter) ♪ But I'm down on my knees ♪ I begin to pray Whoo! (Laughs) Go ahead, girl. ♪ You know the preacher digs a call ♪ (speaks indistinctly) ♪ 'Cause I'm gonna stay ♪ I'm gonna stay, I told him so ♪ ♪ California dreamin' (indistinct conversations) ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ Oh ♪ Somebody help me now ♪ Gotta go so bad, yeah ♪ Oh, oh ♪ 'Cause all the leaves are brown ♪ ♪ And the skies are gray ♪ Went for a walk ♪ On a winter's day ♪ Oh, I'd be safe and warm ♪ If I was in L.A. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 