Bridalplasty: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bridalplasty 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bridalplasty (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "bridalplasty"... I have to say, of all of the bouquets, I would choose this one for my wedding. Jenessa, you are our top bride. I'm finally gonna be getting - my nose done. - A lot of little subtle changes to make an overall significant change. Oh, is she here? Oh, my baby. Turn to the side. Turn to the side. Ah! Lisa Marie, netty, unfortunately you two are our bottom brides. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm in the bottom again. Great, story of my life. I feel like I keep bailing out Lisa Marie, and all she does is let me down. If I can just make sure the votes are split two and two, I'll have the deciding vote and I'll decide who goes home. Well, ladies, with two brides at netty's table and two brides at Lisa Marie's table, we have a tie. Jenessa, you are the tie-breaker. The person I'm gonna choose tonight is just someone that has been there for me from day one. The competition is looking more and more like a strategic battlefield. Jenessa's a smart girl. I've got my eye on Dominique and I've got my eye on jenessa. I feel more unstoppable than ever. Netty, your time here at "bridalplasty" is over. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Your wedding will still go on. It just won't be perfect. It just won't be perfect. Yes, it will. Okay, jenessa, how's your pain level on a scale of one to ten? Like two, I don't know. Really? I don't really feel pain. I'm feeling really good about my surgery and I'm so excited about my nose. I do feel one step closer to being the perfect bride. Oh, wow. Yeah. Kind of a perfect nose. Yeah, I love it. I still have to stay in the game. All I can really think about in the back of my head is what's gonna happen today with the competition. Okay, do me a favor. Sit up. Let's start with this one. You're not feeling feverish or anything like that, right? No. Okay. Whoa. Compare this to when I first took the dressing off. Whoa! This is an absolute dream come true for me. I've never seen myself with thin arms. I don't even see marks, scars, scabs, nothing. I'm just completely in awe. You're not only clear to join all activities, you can move out of here. Bye, you guys. Thanks, bye. Thank you. Ladies! Hi. Hi. Come sit down in the living room. When Shanna calls us down to the formal living room, I have no idea what's happening, although I do know that last night she made it quite clear that there's only six girls left and it's gonna start to get like crazy. Well, today I have brought a very special guest. Her name is Stacy kaiser. She's an award-winning author. She's also a family therapist and she's been on hit shows like the "today" show. - >> Nice to meet you, girls. - Hi. Family therapist Stacy kaiser, great. I've got a lot of stuff to actually get out on the plate here. I wanna talk to you guys a little bit about merging your families. Everybody has heard sort of the stories about the awful mother-in-law, so I wanted to talk to you guys a little bit about your mother-in-laws. I have had some issues with my mother-in-law Beth, and I really wanna get them out on the table and learn how to deal with them. If you have a long-term relationship with anyone, you're gonna have conflict. I guarantee you, everybody does. You know what? I feel like this conversation's just a little incomplete. Why don't we bring in one of our - special guests? - Oh, my gosh. This is Kristen's future mother-in-law Beth, everybody. The second I see my mother-in-law Beth walk through the door, I just fall apart. It is so refreshing to just see a familiar face, despite any negative things we've had towards each other. Lisa Marie's future mother-in-law, Cathy. Cheyenne's future mother-in-law, sue. Oh, my god, she doesn't fly. She's only flown once in her whole life. I was just shocked that she came here. It just shows me that she really loves me and that she would do anything, literally anything for me. Dominique's future mother-in-law, Bernadette, everybody. And our next guest is for Allyson. I go to jump and give her a hug. I'm in tears, and then I completely forgot that I look like the mummy. What did they do to you? My mother-in-law didn't notice my breasts right away, but then again, who walks in and just notices someone's boobs? Jenessa, as you know, your mother-in-law is a little bit older, so flying for her is kinda difficult. So we brought someone else who's near and dear to your fiance's heart. We brought your future sister-in-law. And her name is Laura. What are they doing here? What's going on? Is everything gonna be okay between Beth and I? I don't even know where to begin. Well, I'm glad you all came. What I'd like to do is have you just sort of say what the challenges are that you hope you can overcome to improve your relationship. I don't know, I just think she's just a loving, caring person. And I can't say anything bad. I really can't. I've never met a mother that doesn't worry. I guess I worry about their careers and how they're gonna be able to support themselves. I'm a bartender, and it's really not the first time I've heard that speech, and it probably won't be the last. Cheyenne would rather go to the mall than put some money in the bank. I like shoes. I can't help it. You give her a little extra money for something, and it's run to the mall. I know. Seriously, when I go back apparently, I have to be like "leave it to beaver." I'll go home and like cook dinner and save money and do laundry. That's not gonna happen. The only thing I do get insecure with is that you love his exes. Just because he broke up with them doesn't mean I have to, too. Oh, so you're being compared. And it's sometimes like I did get like, um, well, I wonder if she'd rather have like his ex versus me. I really can't believe that Kristen's mother-in-law is sitting there talking about ex-girlfriends with Kristen, who's not just her son's girlfriend but it's her son's fiancee. It would really help if you could just say to her, "you know what, I'm glad he picked you and you don't have to worry. And when I talk about the exes, it doesn't mean you're not terrific." Brandon... bj, we call him... Has never looked at anybody like he looks at you. And he adores you, and we adore you. And there's not one of those people that I would put in your place. Thank you. Ever. I'm hoping this will be the opportunity for Beth and I to actually connect and throw away the past. In the back of my mind, though, I do know this is gonna be a tough one for me. Sometimes I feel like lj relies on your mom's opinion more than mine. Maybe you can even help her tell your mom. My only worries is right now they're going through some financial. And she's good for my son because she more or less wears the pants in the family. Me and my mother-in-law are almost like we're already related. We're like two peas in a pod. And that doesn't bother you? No, it don't because he's sort of quiet and he needs that - push. - I love her for that. You didn't pick one another, but you're gonna probably be together for a very long time. And so it's really important that you get along and to avoid conflict. If it does get hard, fix it right away. Enjoy each other and your time together today. Well, ladies, I have one more surprise for you. You will be adding a photo to your bridal closet of you and your mother-in-law, sister-in-law today. So to do that, I've invited another special guest. So I'd like to introduce you to Micah Smith. He is a celebrity photographer and he has shot everyone... I'm talking Angelina jolie, Jay-Z, Kanye, Christina aguilera, Travis barker. If you are our final top bride, Micah will be your wedding photographer. Oh! Sound good? I'll make it fun and easy. All right? To have someone who photographed Angelina jolie photograph my wedding, that's an honor in itself. I'm gonna have you step back just a half step. Okay, there you go. A little tighter. You know, you guys love each other. All right, okay? Of course, we do. What I do really like about my mother-in-law is that she's very supportive of what I do, and I know that no matter what it is... good, bad... she's in my corner cheering me on. And that's a really great feeling. You're gonna love this. This looks fantastic. You have a little bit of like indentation. My relationship is fine with my mother-in-law. I was able to be there for her when her husband was sick. And then he finally passed. And she totally appreciates that. Love this. Uh-huh. Chin down just a little. Right there. I don't know what else to do. I think we got it. Thanks. All right. That's a good thing I guess, yeah. We'll determine on how really great of a celebrity, uh, photographer you really are after we see the prints. All right. Well, ladies, we can't have visitors to Southern California without taking you to the beach. So today I am sending you all to the Venice beach boardwalk for your next challenge. It's time to see how well you and your future mother-in-law can work together. Each team is gonna be given a photo album, a camera, and film for ten photos. You will find a list of photo assignments inside each album. Each photo assignment has a point value, the easiest being one and the hardest photo would be worth five points. The strategy is all up to you. Be careful because each team's camera only has ten shots. So don't waste your film. You will have 30 minutes. The team with the highest total points will be the winners of today's challenge. As you know, jenessa is on medical leave. So she will not be competing in this challenge. All right. Well, your challenge starts now. Thank you. I really hope I win this "bridalplasty" challenge. I'm the only girl in the house that has not had a surgery done. "One of you buried in the sand," I think that would take too much time. "Pointing at a belly ring that's not yours." Easy. "Someone fully clothed and soaking wet." I'm not doing it. I'm not spending the rest of the day wet. When they say go... Okay. What do we doing? You want to go to the three first? Should we run right on the beach? Kinda looks that way, doesn't it? I'm gonna throw up if I keep reading this. Can you...? Okay. Okay, "something that was alive but is not"... roadkill. Yeah, but I'm not gonna go find... looking for that. I'm not really sure how we're gonna do in this challenge because I'm a little worried that my mother-in-law is not on the same page. I'll do it. I'll do whatever I have to do. Come on, come on, come on. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Ah! What about the door? Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. One of these girls are gonna have a belly button ring. - Dog, dog, dog! - >> Come on, what the? So we arrive at the Venice boardwalk, and the van door - opens and I run and I bolt. - Sue, where's my partner? Then I'm looking around and I'm like, where's sue? And she's nowhere to be found. Where is she? I'm looking to my left. She's not there. I'm looking to my right. There's no sue. I go back to the van. Sue's not there either. There's all these crazy people around and I'm just like, oh, my god, there's no way I'm ever gonna find her. Where is she? This isn't fair. This isn't fair. Oh, my god, no. Like, no, this can't be happening. This is a complete nightmare. How is this fair? I can't believe she would do this to me. Coming up... Smile, ma. I'm gonna win this challenge. There's no way I'm leaving this house without a surgery. Thank you. Where is she? I'm looking everywhere and cannot find sue. This totally sucks. Sue, sue! Sue! Where's my partner? I'm looking everywhere and cannot find sue. So I run in that general area 'cause I felt like she couldn't have gone very far. Where is she? Sue, sue! - Oh, my god, this totally sucks. - This is bull. Smile, ma. All right, cool. Come on, come on, come on. Let's go, let's go. One, two... Why aren't they coming out yet? I don't know, but you know what, we don't have the time to think. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Oh, my god, I'm flabbergasted. I don't know what to do. Here I am running around. And you know, my mother-in-law, I'm having her like, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up! It's life or death. We gotta win this. Thank you. All right, focus. Ah. I need this. Let's go. We just need a six-person pyramid. Just get on top of each other. Hold this. Me and my mother-in-law are just gonna nail this one. She is so damn outspoken. And I'm the same way. We're gonna have no problem with getting people to do some of these things. One, two, three. Yes! In the six-person pyramid, one girl had her belly button pierced, and the other one had a mid-waist tattoo. Then we had the group bury Julie in the sand. Got it? Okay, get up. This is stuff we would do back home. Are you kidding me? We do this every weekend. Sue, sue! What happened? You took off, the door shut on me. I went to the dogs. The door shut on me. I couldn't get out. Okay, let's just do it. Come on. Finally, I look up, and sue's running down from the beach, and I'm like, oh, my god, thank god. Sir, can you take a picture of us touching the palm tree, please? Ready? One, two, three. Thank you so much. Kiss her on the cheek. This is disgusting. Oh, god. I'm still thinking we're screwed 'cause everyone else is ahead of us. It's so nerve-racking. Oh, Cheyenne, I can't believe that door shut on me. It's okay, sue. No, it's not. Do you want me to jump in the water for the five points? We really wanna get these five-pointers. I think it's really important. I'm going in the water. I don't care. Take the picture. Brrrr. This is freezing-cold water, but it was worth the five points. Yay! Kristen, run! - Right here, come here! - What is this for? Oh, my god. Now both of you, kiss her on the cheek. Kiss her on the cheek. Perfect. Musical instrument. That's gotta be way up there. What can we do that's close? Miss Beth is kinda slowing down. We're doing the best we can to get along with each other. But she's just kind of difficult at this moment. Pretend like we're dancing. What else do I need? I think that's it. We're done with pictures. I didn't jump in the water. That was five points. But we don't have no more pictures. We're done. We were so upset that we lost each other that we tried to make up the time really quick, and in doing so, we were just doing pictures that came to mind instead of looking in the book and trying to get the higher points. We didn't get any five-pointers this totally sucks. This is stressful. You should put your shoes on. That was the hardest thing I've ever done. Thank you so much. Beth can be difficult to work with at times, but I think we really worked well together on this challenge. Having a good relationship is really important. So hopefully we can get along better and put our differences aside. Hi, ladies, come on in and sit down. I'm really hoping that Kristen or Cheyenne is in the bottom two in this challenge, because I think that they're the strongest competitors. So I would like to see one of them leave the house. All right, well, Cheyenne and sue, why don't you come up here and we'll take a look at your photos first. And I will reveal your scores. Ooh, so excited! Okay, let me go through the one-points first. A kiss on both cheeks, you got two girls here. I know, I know. A dog on someone's head. Wow! We couldn't find a little dog. Ooh, that's a naughty tattoo. A skateboarder spanking circle. I guess they all spank each other with their boards. Rock star. Well, ladies, your total score out of a possible 50 points is... 32. So that's pretty good. Nice job. Up next is Allyson. I'm just hoping that we beat a 32. It looks like you decided to go for some of the higher points. Very nice. That is a lot of crack. Okay, we're going into the five-pointers. A six-person human pyramid, how did you get people to do that? We got lucky. Your total score is... 34. At this point, I really don't know how I feel because we're only the second book to get scored. There's still three people ahead of us. I'm hoping that I stay as top bride, but I'm also hoping that I'm not a bottom bride. Next up is Lisa Marie and Cathy. You started with the one-pointers. A baby wearing sunglasses. You look good, girl! We've got the model with two - sets of male abs. - Why would Lisa Marie do the one-pointers? I mean, that's simple strategy. You don't go for the one-pointers. Like I don't even... I don't understand. Well, Lisa Marie, unfortunately I don't think that was enough, but you got 24 points. Okay, thank you. Good job, guys. Great effort. I'm sad that I didn't get to accomplish the five-pointers, but at the same time hopeful. Allyson, you're in the lead with 34, and right now, Lisa Marie, you are one of the bottom brides with 24. I have two other people behind me, so let's see how they do. Dominique and Bernadette. Here you go. Okay. No one-pointers at all. No. I need at least 35 points to be ahead of Allyson. Someone standing in a trash can. Little scary, that one. A skateboarder spanking circle, this is really hip in Venice beach. You know, we actually, we made a really good team. You did. You feel like you worked well together? We did, we did. Well, your total score is... 38. So good job. Yes, I knew it. We nailed it. That now moves you to first place. Kristen and Beth. Let's start with your one-pointers. All I need is something higher than a 38 because I really want to win top bride. That is one of the cutest babies I have ever seen. Very cute. Very nice. And you got in the trash can, too, with your brand-new boobies. You're close to that booty. Okay, well, you have one of... A five-pointer. One of you holding a musical instrument. Okay. Well, your score is 28. I felt instant defeat. Unfortunately, Lisa Marie and Kristen, you guys did have the lowest point total in the family challenge. I'm definitely upset that I'm in the bottom once again, but I'm more upset that if I were to go home, I'd be going home against Lisa Marie. So you are now both at risk of being sent home. I'm in the bottom again the fourth time. I don't think my mother-in-law realized how important it was for me to win this. I mean, she's sitting up there smiling for everybody else. I didn't think she understood like what this really means to me. Well, Dominique and Bernadette, that means that you have won the "bridalplasty" family challenge. Congratulations. You are once again our top bride and you have the opportunity to pick one of the plastic surgeries off your wish list, and you are also safe for the next two rsvp ceremonies. I really wanna get my teeth fixed now. I've decided that I'm just gonna work from my nose down and fix what I can, while I'm at it. My face will just be like a million times better. As top bride, you are leaving for surgery right now. Aw. Aw. Ladies, you can all say good-bye to your future mother-in-laws, because the next time you see them, you might just be the perfect bride. As soon as I lost sue on the beach, I immediately thought that I was gonna be a bottom bride. But thank god we were able to pull it together. It's really hard to see her leave because I miss her, I miss my fiance, and seeing her was like being close to home. We did it. I know we did it. We did it, we did it. One last thing before you go, celebrity photographer Micah Smith has left your family photos here for you to take and put in your bridal closet. Ladies, good luck and I will see you all at the rsvp ceremony. It's bittersweet placing this beautiful photo in my bridal closet knowing that I could be going home. I'm so broken-hearted over this. This will be her fourth time. And they'll just keep saving her because strategy, who knows? It's like a freakin' cockroach, it just won't die. They're just gonna keep saving and saving and saving for what? I'm feeling defeated. I'm feeling that the walls are closing in on me. I really feel, since this is my fourth time being on the bottom, it's over. Coming up... Okay, you're gonna be a smoking-hot bride. I'm really just on my way to being that perfect bride. And later... I put my like heart into this. Like I was all over it. I'm trying to get other people to vote for her, and she's still moping around. Like what exactly am I supposed to do for you? So I go in the room and I see Lisa Marie bawling her eyes out. Everything. My heart does go out to her, but at the same time, pick yourself up, damn it already. Get up. Let's go. Come on. I just grabbed her by her arm and told her to get the hell out of bed and go downstairs with me and talk to jenessa. Maybe jenessa can straighten her out. In walks Allyson and Lisa Marie, and what do you know, Lisa Marie is crying again. I put my like heart into this. Like I was all over it. A lot of this is luck, Lisa Marie, and it's sad, you know. Sometimes you can't control how the challenges go, but you can control how people vote for you. But still, it's just why me? Why me again? Why? I'm telling her she has my vote, I'm trying to get other people to vote for her, and she's still moping around. Like what exactly am I supposed to do for you? I'll be all right. I'm friends with both girls, so I have a hard decision. Okay, look at it this way. It's a competition. Mm-hmm. This sucks. You okay? No. I feel I like hustled my ass out there. We all did. Once again, "woe me. I'm Lisa Marie and I suck at everything here." I'm over it. I have a strong feeling you will be just fine. I can't find the nurse. You okay? Like everything's falling apart, and I can't find her. You're telling me everything's falling apart. Did you have wine yet? No, I'm just drunk off emotion. I'm just drunk off emotion, you guys. I think Lisa Marie might be. Oh, no, no, no. No. She's like bawling her freakin' eyes out. And I didn't? I just got done bawling my freakin' eyes out. At least she knows she'll be here. How do you know that? Because cockroaches don't die. Is she talking about Lisa Marie? Like am I gonna lie to you? Would it hurt going home over someone that's been in the bottom four times? Yeah. Yeah, it really would. This is a side of Kristen I've never seen before. This wasn't like her to say comments like this. At least from my perspective, I've never heard her say things like this. Feels like all the good ones go home. - Coming up... - I'm getting really annoyed with Lisa Marie following me around being down. I really have to make sure that this is the right decision. And later... These two girls are the closest girls that I have in this house. And having to decide between the two of them is like my nightmare. Hello? Dominique. Hi, good to see you. Good to see you. How are you feeling? Oh, I feel great. Top bride again. I'm going to get my teeth done, and I'm really just on my way to having my dream wedding and being that perfect bride. I want to present to you Dr. sherri worth. Hi. It's so nice to meet you. Nice to meet you also. Dr. worth has one of the biggest, if not the biggest, celebrity practices in Hollywood and she is the best. Okay. Thank you so much. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. Thanks. Okay, so what are your concerns about your teeth? What bothers you when you look at yourself in the mirror? One of the big things that really bothers me are how these two side teeth are smaller than my front teeth and they kind of don't match. Well, you look like you're the perfect candidate for veneers. And my lab that I use I've been working with for 15 years, DaVinci dental studios. These teeth should look fabulous. Why don't we go to the room and then we can get started? Great. Thanks. My fiance very much knows how important these wedding photos are to me, and my smile is everything about it. Smile really big for me. Great. I've never had an opportunity to do this. Just knowing that I'll be able to fix my teeth is just an amazing feeling. I think it's gonna look really good on you. Okay. I couldn't sleep. I was tossing and turning and... So I need Lisa Marie to step up her game a little bit, because we need to keep her in the house as long as possible in case Dominique and I are in the bottom and we need her vote. Yeah, okay. Just try to stay close to her today. I would, but there's only so much I can do from in here. Oh, my god. Jenessa's a very smart lady, and I know I should take her advice. Go get 'em. All right. Thanks. Jenessa recommended that I just hang around Allyson all day 'cause she feels that Allyson is basically going back and forth between Kristen and I. So that's what I'm gonna do. I'm getting really annoyed with Lisa Marie following me around being down. Oh, dear god. Please, please, please, please. Please let me get through this. Please let me get through this. Please. There's a tiny bit of asymmetry in your gums here. Uh-huh. And I may just take my laser and just make sure that they're very symmetrical. Dominique is an incredible candidate for veneers. She's gonna look amazing. Her whole face is gonna look different 'cause she's gonna have a whole new set of teeth. Open real big for me, sweetie. Good. I just roughen up the surface ever so slight, so that I have both a chemical and a mechanical bond. You can see those cracks in her front teeth right there. Yeah. This is so important because every little margin where the veneer hits the tooth has to be perfectly flawless. Open really wide. So what I'm gonna do right now, I'm gonna add shape and do everything that I want and then I'm gonna cement them. Uh-huh. Okay, you're gonna be a smoking-hot bride. I'm very happy that I decided to get the veneers. Not only do I now have my nose done, I also have my teeth pretty and perfect. Yeah. Oh, my gosh, that's amazing. I'm just that much closer to being the perfect bride. Thank you so much. I really wish Lisa Marie would stop sobbing or following me around like a lost puppy. Now I understand why it bothered people when I did that. I need to hear some positive things from her. Lisa Marie screwed up the one thing that I asked her to do... To hang out with Allyson, not annoy the out of her. I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to vote for Kristen, but she said something yesterday that kind of like really got to me, referring to the cockroach that won't die. And I'm not gonna tell her that, but that just really hurt me. Yeah. I really looked at her as like my little sister, and I still love her to death. But I really have to make sure that this is the right decision. Coming up... I really, really need to talk to you about something that really bothered me. I let my mouth get the best of me, and that could mean that - now I'm going home. - And later... Jenessa, it really is breaking me right now. I had not made my decision. I'm not supposed to get emotionally involved. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? Look how great you look. Oh, thanks. Oh! Can you tell? After my surgery, Lisa Marie, Kristen, and Cheyenne are there, you know, welcoming me back, and it's good to see. But I do notice that Lisa Marie is kinda off in the background just like being like this... Obviously, something has happened, I don't know. Jenessa! Come here. Hey. Oh, my god. They look so good. Yeah? They look so beautiful. Thanks. How you feeling? Good. Good? I'm really glad that I can actually have the opportunity to talk to jenessa about the voting tonight because I really wanna hear, you know, which side she's swaying and why. Lisa Marie has been like moping around. It's like a full-time job trying to keep her in this house. Oh, my god, I know. Have you had a chance to talk to Allyson or no? She's like so easily swayed. I feel like I need to like be right there with her when she like writes it on her card. Allyson is very unpredictable, so I definitely wouldn't want to leave the vote in her hands. There's work to be done. I really, really need to talk to you about something that really bothered me yesterday when I walked into the kitchen and you had mentioned, you know, about like the cockroach that wouldn't go away. I just wanted to let you know that that did bother me. Oh, crap. I let my mouth get the best of me, and that could mean that now I'm going home. I'm not proud of saying that. That's why I never said it again. I was pissed because I did feel like, are you kidding me? 'Cause the second I felt like I was in the bottom with her, I felt like honestly like this is the end. There's no chance, and I'm gonna go home. I think that's why this is so tough for me because it's like, what am I gonna do? When I woke up this morning, when I had a clear head, and you know, I really have to think about what I'm gonna do in my voting, and that was just like really... Ah, that just bothered me. I don't feel any more confident coming out of that conversation with Allyson. Allyson seems really torn, and she seems like she's really leaning towards Lisa Marie. - Coming up... - >> Now I look like the. Why do you look like the, jenessa? Did you tell her? I would actually like to take this opportunity to lay something out. Hey, ladies! Come meet me in the foyer. Hi. Going into tonight's rsvp ceremony, I am extremely upset because the two girls up for elimination are the two girls that I'm closest to in the house. I still don't know who I'm going to vote for, and I don't feel good at all. All right, girls. As you can see, there's the rsvp box, which means you will have one hour to vote for the bride that you would most like to see stay. Everyone else in the house has already had a surgery. I mean, it would be really nice just to have just one more chance to face another challenge and... And rock it. All right, I need the two bottom brides to come with me, Lisa Marie and Kristen. Going into the rsvp ceremony I feel like crap. I really don't know if Allyson and jenessa are really gonna stay true to Lisa Marie or not, and I'm really hoping that one of them will change their mind and vote for me. Jenessa, it really is breaking me right now. Earlier you said that you were voting for Lisa Marie. I never said that I was voting for her. I said I had not made my decision. I made sure of that. I don't care who you're voting for. I just think it's a really thing to do. Either way it's a thing to do. Either way I'm... That's why I hate being in this position. At this point, I really have no idea what I'm going to do. I don't know what to do. What do you mean? Well, now I look like the. Why do you look like the, jenessa? Because you told me you were voting for Lisa Marie. Jenessa can kiss my ass. I was completely upfront and honest with both Lisa Marie and Kristen that I was torn with my decision. I can vote for whoever the hell I want, and I sure as hell don't have to clear it with jenessa in order to do it. I really don't know if Allyson and jenessa are really gonna stay true to Lisa Marie or not. And I'm really hoping that one of them will change their mind and vote for me. I can't go home over Lisa Marie. Allyson told me she was voting for Lisa Marie, but she's been known to flip-flop in the past. I don't think she can really be counted on. Hello, ladies, and welcome to the "bridalplasty" rsvp ceremony. Kristen and Lisa Marie are already at their wedding tables. In a moment, you will decide which one of them will be going home. I'm in the bottom for the fourth time, and it's very frustrating for me. I do know for sure that jenessa is voting for me. I'm just praying on Allyson's - vote. - That's it. Okay, ladies, I know this is getting tough, but it's now time to reveal your rsvps. Cheyenne. Kristen, sometimes when you get upset, you say things you don't mean. Other people may take that and remember it, and I want them to know Kristen, and not angry Kristen. I'm so happy because if I'm going home tonight, at least I have one good friend that stuck by my side. Allyson, if you choose to sit at Kristen's table, then she will be safe and Lisa Marie will be going home. If you sit at Lisa Marie's table, then both brides will be tied and, jenessa, it will be up to your rsvp to reveal which bride will be staying and which bride will be going home. Ha. These two girls are the closest girls that I have in this house. And having to decide between the two of them is like my nightmare. Lisa Marie, I love you to death. I wish that you would just be more positive. Me personally, I need positive people surrounding me at all times because you know, myself, I am a negative person. I wanna be extremely happy with you. Kristen, you speak before you really think about things and you don't realize how you might be hurting people. I chose the person that I chose because I don't want to be down in the dumps. And I'm so sorry. So hard. I'm feeling betrayed. I've been there for Allyson. I never would have thought she would have neglected me. Jenessa, obviously your rsvp won't affect the outcome, but I'd like you to please step forward and please sit at the table of the bride that you would most like to see stay. Lisa Marie, uh, thank you for always being here for me. Kristen, I would actually like to take this opportunity to lay something out. Allyson came into the recovery room today and said that she's very upset with you because you had said you didn't know how this cockroach had managed to make it into this last round again... And how she couldn't believe that you said that. She wasn't voting for you. So it just really upset me that she would come in and say that to me and then sit at your table. It's really important for me to let Kristen know that Allyson's talking behind her back to kind of break up the little thing they have going on. She definitely has influence over Allyson and Cheyenne. Jenessa's selling me out in front of everybody at the elimination, trying to make herself look better. I wanted to glare a hole right through her freakin' nose that she just got done. The person that I'm choosing to sit at their table is because I would like to start over with them and start a good relationship with them. So at this point, voting for Lisa Marie isn't gonna get me anywhere. I can't have Kristen against me. I'd rather remain neutral with her. I know she's never gonna be me, but I feel if I vote for her, it'll be more neutral than if I vote for Lisa Marie. Does kinda hurt to be referred as a roach. I actually want to apologize for that comment. - That's not right what I did. - I am extremely pissed off at jenessa. You basically threw another person under the bus and hurt another person's feelings that you considered friends just to turn us against each other and to make herself more powerful. How disgusting. Lisa Marie, unfortunately your quest to become the perfect bride is over. Your wedding will still go on. It just may not be perfect. I wanted to stay with all my heart because I'm genuinely a good person. And no matter what comments were said, it's okay because I have such a big heart and I got a lot of love. No matter what, I still love those girls. Well, ladies, congratulations. You are one step closer to becoming the perfect bride and having your perfect dream wedding. Now I see her true colors. Now I see the snake in the grass. Now I found it. Now I just need to squash it. Master manipulation, it may get you to the top, but eventually it's gonna come back and bite you in the ass. Next time on "bridalplasty"... Why don't we bring in some more special guests? This is jenessa's fiance, lj. This is Allyson's fiance, Jonathan. - >> I wanna attack you so bad! - Today you will be relying on your fiances for your challenge. Today's challenge is one of the most important that you've had yet, because today's top bride will win a spot in the finale. Oh, my god. Why wouldn't I want to win at this point? If you win, you're guaranteed a spot in the finale. That's one step closer to getting your dream. Does your mom wish you were marrying one of your exes instead of Kristen? Do you wish Cheyenne would give you oral sex? Would you have asked jenessa to marry you had she not given you an ultimatum? Well, as our top bride, you will be leaving immediately. If I was her, this would be my bridal dream. She has some very serious issues we're gonna help her out with today. You both are bottom brides. And of course, you are now at risk of being sent home. I've never slipped up and said I don't wanna be here. I really hate not having complete control of the situation. So having Dominique's vote up in the air really stresses me out. Turn to play the game. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 