Austin & Ally: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Austin & Ally 
 s1e19 - Albums & Auditions - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Austin & Ally (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 19 - Albums & Auditions - full transcript 
 Austin is finally on the verge of releasing his first album. However the celebrations may be short-lived as he and his friends help Ally get into the exclusive New York City music school she wanted to go to since she was 13, and he may end up losing his main songwriter for the first time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subs created by: David Coleman. Hey, honey, I came up with a cool way to bring in tons of new customers. We're going to have a "guess how many jellybeans in the jar" contest. You're really gonna give away a year's worth of music lessons? Of course not. No one's ever gonna be able to tell how many jellybeans are in the jar. 18,118! Yes. Oh no! Aw. What's with him? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You just won a year's worth of music lessons. - Ugh! - And this jar of jellybeans. I won jellybeans?! Hey, Ally, wanna see the coolest thing ever? I've already seen you drink hot sauce through your nose. No, this is way cooler. No way! An ad for your album. It's being released by Starr Records in two weeks. This is so awesome. Buckle up because we're in for a ride. - What up?! - What up?! Already buckled up. Avoid the worst, put safety first. What up?! Guess who got a job at Mailboxes and So Forth. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Here, Ally, these are for you. Your dad's overdue phone bill, your application to M.U.N.Y. And a letter from your Aunt Sally. Good news, her rash is gone. You read our mail? You can't just go around reading other people's mail. My boss never said anything. Then again, according to this letter from his girlfriend, that's why she left him. He can't communicate. You got an application letter from M.U.N.Y? Yeah, it's a music school, but I'm not interested. Wait, I thought it was your dream to go to that music school. Not any more. I gave up on it. Why? Because you tanked your original audition, which gave you horrible stage fright, and now you're too scared to ever audition again because you could fail miserably? What? We're gonna help Ally get into that school. I'm not letting her give up on her dream. I wouldn't even be putting out an album if it wasn't for her. And I wouldn't be managing a guy putting out an album if it wasn't for her. And I wouldn't have just eaten 18,118 jellybeans if it wasn't for her. I probably would've. When the crowd wants more, I bring on the thunder. Because you've got my back, and I'm not going under. You're my point, you're my guard. You're the perfect chord. And I see our names together on every billboard. We're headed for the top, we've got it on lock. We'll make 'em say "hey!" And we'll keep rockin'. Oh, there's no way I could make it without ya. Do it without ya, be here without ya. It's no fun when you're doing it solo. With you it's like, "whoa". Yeah, and I know. I own this dream. Because I got you with me. There's no way I could make it without ya. Do it without ya, be here without ya. - When's Ally's birthday again? - February something. "February something." Okay, what's her place of birth? A hospital. "Hospital." What are you guys doing? Filling out Ally's application for music school. Let me see that. "Pickles" isn't a hobby.. And I'm pretty sure her favorite subject isn't "smart stuff." - Ugh! - Told you. It's "lame stuff," right? You can't send this mess in. I'll apply for her online later. You realize Ally still has to audition, and she has stage fright. You geniuses have a plan? Yeah, we have a plan. You geniuses don't have a plan. You know, she keeps calling us geniuses but something about her tone, leads me to believe that she doesn't think we're geniuses. Hey, it says you can audition live over the Internet. I think I know a way we can do this. Dez gets free music lessons, right? Yeah. We can record Ally giving Dez a piano lesson, then edit the footage to make it seem like she's doing a live audition. Yeah, that was our plan too. But I don't wanna take piano lessons. I had my heart set on bagpipes. It's gotta be the piano. Fine, but I'm gonna look totally ridiculous playing the piano in this. We just need to record Ally playing some great piano, so it seems live when we play it during her online audition. That's easy, but what if she has to answer questions? As long as we get her saying simple things like "yes," "no," or "nice to meet you," we can edit it to make it seem like she's having a real conversation. Hey, everybody. Hey, Ally, do you mind if I record my first lesson? I don't care. Go ahead. Can you give us a more specific answer? Yes or no? - Yes. - I got this. Hey, Ally, would you teach me how to kiss? No! Now we just need to get her to say "nice to meet you." Hey, Ally, how do you like my new shoes? - They're nice. - Nice! Um.. - What's one plus one? - Two. Oh, I forgot.. What is it that vegetarians don't eat? Meat. - What's the opposite of "me"? - Smart. No, the other opposite of me? - You. - Yes! Why are you asking me all these questions? You're being weird. Can we start our lesson now? Have a seat, Dez. You know, I think I can learn much better from back there, behind the camera. You think it'll be easier to learn piano by not actually sitting at the piano? Yes, Ally. Yes, I do. Hey, Dez, wouldn't rather have Austin give you lessons? Yeah, I'm a much better piano player than Ally. What? I'm a much better piano player than you. Can you play this? Shall we get Ally ready for her big audition? Time to call in. Greetings, Miss Dawson. Are you ready for your audition? Yes. Yes! You seem a little unsure of yourself, but after that last embarrassment you called an audition, I can see why. I never thought I'd see you again. Nice.. To.. Meet.. You. You know we've met before. No.. Yes. No.. Yes.. No no no no no n-n-n-no. You're being weird. What makes you think you can talk to me like that? I'm a much better piano player than you. Well, you've certainly gotten very modest since the last time we met. Well, go ahead. Why don't you show me how much better a piano player you are than me? It's working! He's loving it. Only five minutes to go until the Austin Moon album is officially on sale. Aw, I can't believe this day is finally here. Thank you so much, Mr. Starr. Hey, thank me. I'm your manager. I should get at least half the credit. You wanna pay half the hundred grand I put into this album? You can give him all the credit. You all deserve half. Jimmy deserves half. Ally definitely deserves half. Trish deserves half and Dez deserves half. That is way too many halves. Anyway, you guys are a great team. And I will see you all tomorrow night at the album release party. - All right, bye. - See you later. Goodbye. I am really proud of you, honey. Thanks, Mr. Dawson. I was talking to my daughter. Oh right. This is the best day ever. Well, it's about to get better. I happen to have a letter here for Miss Ally Dawson. I've already read it, and I think you're gonna be pretty pleased. This is from M.U.N.Y. I've been accepted to the music school. They're offering me a full scholarship? Congratulations! But how? I didn't even apply. Well, we kind of applied for you. Then we used footage from Dez's piano lesson for your audition. This is amazing. I can't believe you guys did that for me. Hey, look how much you do for us. None this would be happening without you. This is so incredible, honey. I'm not falling for that again. This really is the best day ever. Austin's album's coming out, and Ally just got accepted to the best music school in Miami. Woo! They think M.U.N.Y.. "Music University of New York".. Is in Miami? I wanna go to that school, but.. I don't wanna leave my friends. Maybe I shouldn't go. Honey, it's the best music school in the country. You can't just pass up this kind of opportunity. I know. You're right, but.. How am I gonna tell them I'm moving to New York? Hi, could make this one out to Dez? And then can you make this one out to Dez? And this one out to Dez? And this one out to Dez? And this one out to Dez? And this one out to Dez? And this one out to Dez? And this one out to Dez? How was that? Perfect. What's wrong, Ally? I have to tell my friends something and I don't know how to do it. Practice on me. You'll feel better. Okay. Austin.. Trish.. Dez.. I have to move to New York and I won't see you guys for a long time. You're leaving? But you're my favorite piano teacher. How could you do this to me? No! Well, that didn't make me feel better. What's with Nelson? Uh.. He's just doing his vocal exercises. Listen, I need to talk to you guys about the music school. You don't have to keep thanking us. We'd do anything for you. We're a team. Well.. You know, sometimes teams change. Yep, and ours is changing for the better. Now that Austin's album is out, we have a big, long future ahead of us. And that future could involve, oh, I don't know, going to another city.. Oh definitely! We're gonna be going to lots of other cities when we go on tour. And the best part is the four of us get to experience it together. - Actually, I have to.. - Come on, guys, hands in. On the count of three, "together forever." - One, two, three. - Together forever! - Forever. - Woo! Woo. Hey, Ally, we got your text. What's up? I just wrote a new song. I want you guys to hear it. I'm leaving for school. I'm going far away. Your career's just about to start. And I'm sad I have to depart. Wow, kind of a downer. Can I be honest? Uh, not your best work. Good thing you're not going anywhere and we'll have plenty of time to fix the lyrics. I don't think you guys are really getting it. Austin, maybe you should sing the rest. Okay. Who knows how long I'll be gone? I'm so sad I can barely speak. I'm gonna miss you, Austin, Dez and Trish. I'm leaving for New York in a week. This isn't really a new song, is it? The music school's in New York. - I didn't know it was in New York. - Neither did I. Guys, come on, "M.U.N.Y."? Music University of New York. - You knew? - I'm not stupid. Ally, I can't believe you're gonna drive to New York and back every day for school. That's like 1200 miles. No, Dez. She's moving to New York. And driving back here every day to hang out with us? Wow! This is really hard for me. I feel terrible. I feel terrible too. You're gonna call the school and let them know you're not going, right? I'm gonna miss you guys too, but you know I can't pass up this opportunity. We didn't know helping you meant you were gonna leave. I can't just give up my dream. But it would nice if you did. Do you feel this way too, Austin? I just can't believe you're really going. Our music career is just getting started. Don't you guys understand how important this is to me? Is this really the end of team Austin? Ally's really going away to that school. After all the things we've done for her, like getting her into that school. Guys, we have to put ourselves in Ally's shoes. I mean, she's probably feeling betrayed because, she has a shot at making her dreams come true and.. We're not being supportive. - She's the one who's leaving! - I know, I know. You're mad, but.. That's just misplaced anger masking the hurt you're feeling over losing your best friend. If we really care about Ally Dawson.. We need to put away those feelings so that she can soar. Wow, Dez, that's great advice. Where'd you come up with that? I told you, I put myself in Ally's shoes. I don't know how Ally walks in these things. My feet are killing me. I wasn't sure if you were gonna show up. As upset as I am with my friends, this is still a special day for all of us. I couldn't miss it. I'm just glad I get to hang out with my little girl before she goes off to school. You sure you're okay with me going, dad? Of course. I'm happy for you. What's up, everybody? I'm Jimmy Starr. I wanna introduce you to my next superstar whose album just dropped. Give it up for Austin Moon! Hey, everybody. Thanks for coming. Tonight's supposed to be about me, but it's also kind of a going-away party for my songwriter and my best friend Ally. She just got accepted to a really cool music school. Ally, me, Trish and Dez put this together to give you something to remember us by. There's no way I could make it without ya. Do it without ya. Be here without ya. It's no fun when you're doing it solo. With you it's like, "whoa". Yeah, and I know. I own this dream. Because I got you with me. There's no way I could make it without ya. Do it without ya. Be here without ya! That was touching. Now can we get back to the record release party I'm paying for? Wait wait wait. Ally, I'm sorry for the way I behaved, but.. I'm happy for you. And I'm really gonna miss you. And I'm sorry too. Dez made me realize that I was just upset about you leaving. Dez made you realize something? I know, right? The point is.. I was sad about losing my best friend, but.. I'm really excited for you. Wow, you guys are making me do a "double take," which is the second track off of Austin's album, which is the reason we're doing this.. Wait! There's something I want to say. My dream has always been to go to music school. Watching that video made me realize.. I'm living my dream now because.. I'm making music with my friends. So what are you saying? I changed my mind. I'm staying here with you guys. - Group hug! - Okay, come here. Um.. Dez, that's the wrong group. Oh right. All right, let's get this party started! Finally. This song is called "Illusion." I'll be your entertainer. I'm putting on a show. I'm gonna levitate ya. Leave you wa-wa-wanting more. I see you're fascinated. I've got you hypnotized. White gloves, what you dream of. A fantasy before your eyes. Step right up on the stage. Free yourself from the cage. Pick a card and guess it, girl. Here's a lesson, girl. It's just an illusion. One, two, three, I disappear. I'm coming right back, so stay right here. Ain't no second-guessing, girl. I'm impressing, girl. It's just an illusion. Somewhere in a dream. We'll meet again, my baby. And I promise that I won't disappear. I'll be right here. And I won't be, won't be, won't be. Just an illusion.. Yeah, baby! Step right up on the stage. Free yourself from the cage. Pick a card and guess it, girl. Here's a lesson, girl. It's just an illusion. One, two, three, I disappear. I'm coming right back, so stay right here. Ain't no second-guessing, girl. I'm impressing, girl. But I'm just an illusion. You can make this one out to Dez and this one out to Dez.. All right, dude, I've signed like a hundred of these. This is the last one. Is there anyone else you wanna make it out to? Well.. I do have a little Cousin who just broke his arm. He could really use some cheering up. Could you sign this CD for him? Of course. What's his name? Dez. Good news, Ally, I'm coming to New York with you. Trish, mail me. That's sweet, Nelson, but I'm not leaving. I'm staying here in Miami. And I don't work at Mailboxes and So Forth any more. I got fired for reading the mail and so forth. Aw nartz! Do you know how hard it was to find an envelope this big? Well, Austin now that your album's out, who knows what's going to happen? Concerts, videos, awards.. Limo's, tours, money.. Party's, after party's, after after party's, after after after party's.. Our lives could really change. We're going to be living the dream. Honey uh, before you lock up could you please clean the bathroom? Yup, we're living the dream. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 