Austin & Ally: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Austin & Ally 
 s1e9 - Deejays & Demos - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Austin & Ally (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 9 - Deejays & Demos - full transcript 
 Austin overhears Ally performing a song in her own spare time that he's so impressed with, that he plays it on a local radio show in order to give her the credit she deserves. However, the exposure proves to be more than Austin is able to handle, and more than Ally is willing to handle, when the DJ demands a duet with the two of them on a future broadcast. So Austin and his team must scramble to find a way around his songwriter's stage fright and hide her from the public. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Are you sure you want this guitar, sir? It's just that we don't sell many of these To people your age. 'cause you have to at least be 21 and clearly you're not. Can I see your I.D., please? Will you be my grandpa? Guess who got a job at the greeting card store! Here, give this to me. Okay. "Congratulations on your new job!" Aw, thanks. You shouldn't have. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It was nothing. You're not gonna believe this! Dez, give 'em the news. Sure. The mayor gave a speech today. There's a 10% chance of rain, - And in sports, the dolphins... Not that news. I'm doing my first radio interview. Miami mack from fm 109 is broadcasting live -From the beach. -That's great, austin! Oh. Here. "Congratulations on your first radio interview Live from the beach"? I didn't know they made cards for that. They make cards for everything. Austin, this is huge. Miami mack is the most popular deejay in florida. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm surprised you know who he is. I thought you only listened to dorky books on tape. What?! All the cool kids listen to miami mack In the morning. He's on in the afternoon. Uh, morning is what the cool kids Call the afternoon. This whole interview thing must be so hard for you, ally. What do you mean? I mean, you not getting asked to be on the radio with austin. Everyone gets to see how talented he is, but it's like you're invisible. Well, I wouldn't put it like that. But not invisible in a cool way, like a superhero. More like in an uncool way, Like a songwriter who doesn't get asked to be on the radio. Now stop it before you hurt her feelings. Ally's not invisible. She just doesn't like the spotlight. - Yeah, because I have stage fright. - See, guys? Although, it would be nice to get some recognition. I mean, in a perfect world, I could get up on stage And sing and dance as cool as austin. In a perfect world, you'd never do that again. When the crowd wants more I bring on the thunder 'cause you've got my back And I'm not going under, you're my point you're my guard You're the perfect chord And I see our names together on every billboard We're headed for the top, we've got it on lock We'll make 'em say "hey!" And we'll keep rockin' Oh, there's no way I could make it without ya Do it without ya, be here without ya It's no fun when you're doing it solo With you it's like, "whoa," yeah, and I know I own this dream 'Cause I got you with me There's no way I could make it without ya Do it without ya, be here without ya. Austin & Ally S01E09 Deejays & Demos I'm the sun in your eyes Yeah, you don't see me I wear no disguise, but you don't see me I'm a total surprise and you don't see me I'm so agonized that you don't see me... you don't see me. Austin, how long have you been standing there? -Not that long. -You didn't see me Do my vocal warm-ups, did you? No, didn't see anything I just came by to get a copy of A Billion Hits to play for miami mack." There's some on the table. Hey, that song sounded great, But the lyrics are a little girly. Well, that's great, because the lyrics are for me, And I'm a girly. I write songs for myself sometimes, But I'm never gonna perform them, so I just record them for fun. You don't care about all that stuff dez said, do you? About being invisible and not getting recognition? Does this look like somebody who cares? Good. 'cause I could never do what I do without you. You're awesome. Thanks, austin. Dez, are you spying on us? What? No, I said "aw-ww" 'cause I saw the cutest kid destroy the nicest violin down there. What?! Ally just wrote the best song for herself. It's really good. Too bad no one's ever gonna hear it. Maybe they will. I think I know a way for people to finally hear how talented ally is. I know, I'm a nice guy. Hmm? Oh, no, I just never noticed this poster Of the bunny and the puppy before. Welcome to fm 109! I'm miami mack, and we are live from sunny south beach With austin moon. All right, now it is time For our "number one fan challenge." The winner gets to hang out with austin moon for a day. -Who wants to play? - Pick me! Pick me! - Pick me! Pick me! Pick me! - You, in the clown shorts. Okay, I'm gonna flip a coin for your fan challenge. Heads, you get a nice easy scavenger hunt. Tails, You have to wrestle with a hungry alligator. Please be alligator. Please be alligator. Please be alligator! -Heads! Scavenger hunt. -Yes! Whoo! Okay, you are going on a musical scavenger hunt. You have five minutes to bring back every item on this list. I'm on it. Out of my way! I'm a scavenger! -Out of the way! -Now the moment We have all been waiting for... Austin moon's new single! I'm the girl in the corner of the room the one you never noticed getting lost among the stars in the sky like a picture... Uh, austin, that doesn't sound like you. You're right. That's not me. I must've brought the wrong cd. Oh, my gosh, I'm on the radio! I'm on the radio! I'm on the radio... I'm on the radio. You don't see me. I don't know who that was, but, man, that song was great! That was my partner ally dawson, The most talented singer/songwriter I know. - Well, I would really like to give her some props -great idea. -Live and in person. -Bad idea. How about you and ally come back and perform together live this Friday? Live? I don't think... If you wanna hear austin and ally perform live, scream "yeah!" Yeah! No-ah! Great! Then tune in this Friday to hear austin moon And ally dawson perform live. Excuse me. Coming through. Coming through! Whew! Okay, I got everything on the list. An accordion, a tambourine and a cowboy. Oh, that list said "cowbell." Man, I must have read it wrong. I really wanted to hang out with austin. Well, at least I still have you, cowboy. Aw, come on, clint. What am I gonna do, trish? I always freak out when I have to perform. What if I can get miami mack to let you wrestle the alligator? How does that help? It doesn't, but I really wanna see somebody wrestle an alligator. I don't know what to do, trish. I can't back out of performing on miami mack's radio show. What's the worst thing that could happen? I could have a meltdown and totally embarrass myself. I said "worst thing." you could throw up on the deejay. You could ruin your career. You could ruin austin's career. You could sprain your ankle running off the stage. Thanks, trish. I feel much better. Ally, I'm so sorry you have to perform. Please, it's not your fault. You brought the wrong cd. It was an accident. Yeah... it was an accident. I didn't purposely bring the wrong cd so you would get recognition. Why would I do that? I'm not accusing you of doing that. -Okay, I did it. -What?! Trish, help me out. What, you think they make an "I'm sorry for playing your song on the radio, I didn't know it would backfire" card? Actually, they do. I can't believe it, that you would do that, And that they would make a card for it. I know, right? I just want people to know how talented you are. I appreciate what you were trying to do, but now what? I can't perform with my stage fright. Don't worry. I just found a cure for stage fright on the internet. Close your eyes and imagine you're in a peaceful meadow. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. Everything is calm. Austin! That's the cure for hiccups. Oh, you're right. Sorry. But you don't have the hiccups now, do you? Okay, so what's your big plan? I know a guy who can get you over your stage fright So you can perform on Friday. A man with incredible powers. The amazing dez-mo! It is I, dez-mo, master of mystery. I solved the mystery. It's a dork in a stupid hat. I'll have you know I'm a skilled hypnotist. I've had extensive training in the mystical arts. He spent a week at a hypnotism camp in the mall parking lot. - I thought we were in hawaii. -You were hypnotized to think that. It's a really good camp. This isn't gonna work. Trust me, I know what I'm doing. Hypnotism is really simple. I'll put just you in a trance and give you a trigger word to control your behavior. I already tested it out on austin. -No, you didn't. -Kitty cat. - Kitty cat. -So did you guys finish hypnotizing ally? Okay, dez, I'll give it a shot. Stare into the swirly lines. Focus on the swirly lines. You are getting sleepy, very sleepy. You can hardly stay awake. You're falling into a deep, deep sleep. The amazing dez-mo, everybody. I really wanted this to work. I want the world to know who ally dawson is. What's the big deal? No one knows me now. Yeah, nobody knows you. Nobody knows you. Okay, I get it. You don't have to rub it in. No, people don't know who you are, So no one knows what you look like. We can have trish pretend to be you during the radio interview. What about the singing? You'll hide off-stage and sing into a mic while trish lip-syncs. I don't know. It seems like a lot to pull off. What if something goes wrong? And do you really think trish Will be able to lip-sync everything I... Okay, this'll work. You guys go get ready. I'll wake dez. This is the great trish-ini. When you hear the word "song," You'll think there's a mouse in your pants. Awaken! What happened? Well, we figured out what to do about ally's song. Mouse in my pants. Mouse in my pants! Okay, you'll talk into this mic To give trish the answers for the interview. Then when you sing, I'll flip this switch And your voice will go over the fm 109 speakers while trish lip-syncs. Wow, you're really good with electronics. What can I say? It's in my genes. Oh, so your parents are good with electronics, too? What? Oh, no, I keep this instruction manual -In my jeans. -You're not wearing jeans. Right, 'cause you're the jeans expert. Okay, I just need to find an open channel for the wireless mic. The high is 80 degrees... there, you're all set. Now when you talk, trish will hear you in her earpiece. -I hope it works. -We all do. Welcome back to fm 109. We're here live with austin moon and his partner ally dawson. Now tell me, ally, how long have you been writing music? Ever since I was in kindergarten. You know, I've always had a love for music. I really don't think there's a better way to express what you're feeling. When you look inside your heart and... Since kindergarten. Next question. Wow, ally's a girl who gets straight to the point. I wish. Can you describe to me in detail Exactly what goes through your mind when you're writing a song? Writing a song? Mouse in my pants! Dez, you cut the connection! Are you gonna answer or what? Well, I... Trish! Is ally's best friend. Just thought you should know. - What are you doing? -I can't hear ally anymore. If I can't hear Ally how am I supposed to answer the questions? She's your best friend. You know everything about her. You're right. You're right. I can do this. Okay, let's just start from the beginning, ally. When did you start playing music? When I was four. No, wait. Four is when ally started ballet. She started playing music when she was five. Why are you talking about yourself in the third person? Ally always does that. It annoys austin. Ally should think more before ally answers. All right, let's take a question From the fm 109 live chat. "ally, who taught you how to play piano?" I know this one. Don't tell me. Don't tell me. Wasn't it your dad? Yes, right. Mr. Dawson. I mean, my dad. Who is mr. Dawson. I call him dad. Because he's my dad. Why wouldn't I call him dad? Okay, let me start over. Get a hold of yourself. It's almost time to sing the song. What happened? You broke the transmitter. You've been jumping around like a crazy man Screaming about a mouse in your pants. You're nuts. I stopped keeping rodents in my pants years ago. Okay, my dad is my dad, right? And I'm ally dawson. So that would make mr. Dawson my dad, And taught me how to play piano. Nailed it! Okay, enough questions. I just wanna hear you two perform. - Dez, hurry. They're about to start. - Fixed it! -You're all set. -Perfect, just in time. Ally's ready to sing. Great! Because we're waiting for you to sing. Let's just do the song. Song... Not again! I'm the girl in the corner of the room the one you never noticed getting lost among the stars in the sky like a picture out of focus I'm the sun in your eyes yeah, you don't see me I wear no disguise but you don't see me I'm a total surprise and you don't see me...? Dez, I lost the channel! A huge pile-up on I-95 has caused two lanes to close. Expect slow traffic all the way from north miami to key biscayne. Also, exits 3d through 7e are closed temporarily Until the department of fowl collection can safely return all 493 chickens... Mouse in my pants. Mouse in my pants! Thank you, miami! I know the interview didn't go so well, But thanks for trying to share the spotlight with me. Listen, it doesn't matter If the world doesn't know how talented you are. I always will. Thanks, austin. I know, he's a nice guy. What? No, I was just checking my tonsils. Guess who's on the cover of "miami music." Austin and ally! I can't believe it. I know. Me and austin are on the cover of a magazine. Wow, they must've really liked your interview. I think "ally" did a pretty good job, if I may say so myself. Yeah, ally doesn't think so. Well, "ally" is just glad this all worked out. I'm sorry. I don't know how this game works. "ally" will be over there. Ah, there you are. I just want to say That the way you merged genres And changed your voice on my show was amazing. Ally dawson, you are a true talent. Thanks! Hey, trish, Your boss from the card store just dropped this off. "I hate to come off like a mean old jerk, But it's been three days since you came to work. I hope this is news that you desired, Because I'm happy to say you're so fired"?! That is so specific. How many of these cards can they possibly sell? Actually, someone's given me. Ne 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 