Austin & Ally: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Austin & Ally 
 s1e7 - Managers & Meatballs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Austin & Ally (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 7 - Managers & Meatballs - full transcript 
 Austin gets seduced by top music manager Demonica Dixon who wants to get rid of Ally as his songwriter, Trish as his manager, and Dez as his music video director, and bring in her own team, all with the promise that he'll get a chance to perform along Times Square on New Year's Eve. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All right, it's time for our weekly team Austin meeting. Trish is late as usual, So I'll just call the meeting to order. Man, I love gaveling. Guess who got a job at it's a racquet? The tennis store? Why would they hire you? You stink at tennis. You're right. But I don't stink at this. Hey, don't do that to my friend. Without doing it to me too! Guys, come on, turn that off. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ally. Oh sorry. All right, First order. Progress report. I just finished a great new song. - Austin. - I came up with some sweet new dance moves. Love it. Dez, what's up with our next video? I don't want to give too much away, But I'm going to need a helicopter, A giraffe and a red pen. No, no and here. Trish, manager report... whatcha got? Well, you know, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've got some music stuff in the works, Some video stuff. And a bunch of other stuff too. Wow, that's a lot of stuff. What about the Miami jam-a-thon next weekend? - Have you booked me yet? - I'm working on it, I swear. Okay, great. Now time to read Austin's fan emails. "turn the tennis ball launcher back on"? Dez, did you write this? No. Austin moon, just the man I'm looking for. I saw your last Webcast online. And I think you're going to be a star. Awesome! Who are you? Demonica Dixon. Rihanna? Great. Make that eight. How'd you like to be nine? I kind of like being 15 'cause when I was nine I had chicken pox. I mean I want to represent you. Whoa whoa. I am Austin's manager. Slow your roll, lady. Yeah, please obey the speed limit on your roll, lady. Miss Dixon. We're happy with our friend Trish. Oh how sweet, You're represented by your friend. But it's called "show business," Not "show friendness." ooh, write that down. Is "friendness" two words? Not you, Dez. The point is, if I'm Austin's manager, He'll be one of the biggest stars on earth. Visual aid. Wow, that would make me so happy. Visual aid. Austin, ignore her. She's clearly all talk. If she was any kind of real manager, She'd be wooing you over a fancy gourmet lunch. Oh, you mean like this? Lunch! What, no music? Music! ♪ when the crowd wants more ♪ ♪ I bring on the thunder ♪ ♪ 'cause you've got my back ♪ ♪ and I'm not going under ♪ ♪ you're my point, you're my guard ♪ ♪ you're the perfect chord ♪ ♪ and I see our names together on every billboard ♪ ♪ we're headed for the top, we've got it on lock ♪ ♪ we'll make 'em say "hey!" ♪ ♪ and we'll keep rockin' ♪ ♪ oh, there's no way I could make it without ya ♪ ♪ do it without ya, be here without ya ♪ ♪ it's no fun when you're doing it solo ♪ ♪ with you it's like, "whoa," yeah, and I know ♪ ♪ I own this dream ♪ ♪ 'cause I got you with me ♪ ♪ there's no way I could make it without ya ♪ ♪ do it without ya, be here without ya. ♪ Hate to break it to you, demonica, But you can't be having lunch here. Ally has a strict no-eating-in-the-store rule. - Right, Ally? - Hmm? Thanks, demonica. I've ever had. St meal. Mine's a little tough. You're supposed to take the meat out of the Shell. Oh. Mmm. Much better. So, Austin, what do you say? Ready to sign with team demonica? I have team Austin. Ally writes the songs, Dez directs the videos and Trish manages us. Yeah, nice try, But it takes a lot more than a fancy lunch. And some background music to impress Austin. Check it out! They turned my leftovers into a swan! Austin, let me make this easier for you. What's your wildest dream? That's easy. I'm being chased through a candy cane forest. By a viking, my grandma and a peanut vendor. They're throwing cantaloupes at me. Then it gets weird. Career. I think she meant your wildest career dream. Oh. Well, ever since I was a kid, I've always wanted. To perform in Times Square on new year's eve. If you perform there, it means you've totally made it. And if you let me manage you, I can make that happen. You really think you can buy Austin. With a crazy promise and some lobster? Can you believe this lady, Ally? Hmm? Think about it, Austin. I can change your life. Dramatic exit! There's something wrong with this cupcake. You have to take the paper off. Oh. Mm, no, that's not it. ♪ You're the bright side of every day ♪ ♪ me without you just isn't the same. ♪. Another great song, Ally. Thanks. I can't wait to hear you sing it. When Trish books you at the jam-a-thon. If Trish books me at the jam-a-thon. What? Demonica would have snapped her fingers. And I'd be jammin' all over that 'thon right now. Don't tell me you're even considering changing managers. I don't know. Hey guys. I've been thinking about demonica Dixon, That finger-snapping, bluetooth-wearing, puppy-hating thief! How do you know she hates puppies? I don't. I just needed a third thing. Anyway, she made me realize I needed to step up my game, so I did. I booked you at the Miami jam-a-thon. That's awesome! I never doubted you. And to celebrate, we're going to have a fancy lunch with some background music. - Thanks, Trish. - No, not him. That's my guy. I don't know what he's doing. ♪ I'm eatin' pizza, I... I'm eatin' pizza ♪ ♪ I... I'm eatin' pizza ♪ ♪ pizza. ♪. Hi, we're here to check in for the jam-a-thon. My client Austin moon is performing. He was supposed to perform at 1:00. It's 4:00 now. What? There must be a mistake. Can he still sing anyway? Of course. Just not here. Try the bathroom. It's got lovely acoustics. I can't believe this. Trish, you said I was supposed to perform at 4:00. Because you were. And I can prove it because I wrote it on a napkin. No, that's my homework assignment. I must have written it somewhere else. What's that on your hand? That's my work schedule. I don't need that. You wrote something on my back today. - That just says you're a bozo. - Oh. Well, if it isn't team Austin. I thought you were supposed to go on three hours ago. Trish mixed up the times, so we were late. - Now I can't perform. - I didn't mix anything up. These things wouldn't happen if I were your manager. Maybe you take being his manager a little too lightly, Trish. That's ridiculous. Right, Austin? Well, sometimes you are a little late to our team Austin meetings. That's not true. I showed up 30 minutes early for our meeting on Wednesday. The meeting was Tuesday. Ally, back me up here. Trish just has her own style. She is not that disorganized. What is that on your elbow? Oh, that's just Trish's grocery list. Apparently she needs milk, eggs and paper. Austin, don't you think it's time you sign with someone. Who will take your career more seriously? - I guess. - Great. Let's shake on it. Shake! Oh! Do you think she's really mad? Hey, Ally. What's wrong? You're cleaning like a maniac. No, I'm not. I just can't stop thinking about firing Trish. I clean when I'm upset. - Trish! - Ally. So you're still mad at us. Why would I be mad? Just because my best friend. Stabbed me in the back. And fired me from the only job I ever liked? See, Ally? She's fine. Yeah, my life's great. I got a new job at meatballas restaurant. "we got game and unlimited breadsticks, fool!" And I'm managing a new client. - Who? - Him. That's a person? I just polished him. Statue guy's the next big thing in stationary performance. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got some big managing stuff in the works. C'mon, statue guy. Told you he was good. Client stealer. I'd insult you back, But you have meatballs on your head. Do I need to? Great, we're all here. - Now we can start the team Austin meeting. - Chair! She thinks that guy's a chair. I still feel bad about Trish, But at least there's one thing that always makes me happy. Sweetie, let me handle that. Gavel! Man, I love gaveling. Gaveling's my thing. Progress report. Ally? Ooh, I have a great new song. Fantastic. I'll listen to that later. Dez? I've got a cool video idea. It's inspired by my favorite Spike Stevens. He's the best video director in the business. That gives me a great idea. Spike? Demonica. How'd you like to direct. My new client Austin moon's next video? Fantastic. You just got the best video director. In the business. You're welcome. Cool exit! No way! Spike Stevens is gonna direct my next video! That's so awesome! Happy dance! Happy dance! Happy dance! Happy dance! Wait a minute. I think you just talked yourself out of the job. Aw, sad dance. You're really upset, huh? Is it that obvious? Well, you frowny-faced all your pancakes. I'm really bummed about Dez. Dez is easygoing. I'm sure he's gotten over it by now. I'll never get over this. See? He's fine. You guys want to eat with us? Can't. We're having lunch with my new client. Dez, thanks again for suggesting spike Stevens. Brilliant. I listened to your song. Awesome! I didn't like it. Not awesome. So here's what I did. I hired a team of experienced songwriters. And we're going to take Austin to the next level. But Ally's my partner. Look, I want you singing a professional song. In front of the whole world. When you play Times Square on new year's eve. Visual aid! What?! I'm playing Times Square?! You hired me to make your dream come true and I did. We're announcing it at a big press conference tomorrow. Triumphant exit. Congratulations. Ally, I'm so sorry. It's okay, I get it. Playing Times Square is your dream. Looks like I'm one of you now. Are you gonna eat that? I can't believe I just played Times Square on new year's eve! And the best part is I got to live out my dream with my three best friends. Thank you, Austin. I didn't know you felt that way about us. Ah! This must be a nightmare! No-o-o-o! Oh cool. Peanuts. No-o-o-o-o! - What are you doing? - Directing statue guy's first video. Okay, you're standing there. Keep standing, keep standing. You're still standing. Still standing. This is gonna be the most boring video ever. You're not going to believe what I found in the trash... The mp3 player I gave demonica. She never even listened to my song! I'm starting to think she's kind of a bad person. Guys, I've been made a fool of! It's okay, we've gotten used to the meatball hat. No, I'm talking about demonica! She was behind the jam-a-thon mix-up. She had her assistant pose as me on the phone. Show her. Hello? Miami jam-a-thon promoter? This is Trish. I'd like to change Austin moon's set time. See? That doesn't sound anything like you. Guys, I made a huge mistake! I shouldn't have let demonica fire you. What happened? What made you change your mind? I had the worst nightmare. I was playing new year's eve without you guys. And I was out of peanuts. But mostly the new year's eve thing. Well, I'm glad you're back. You're never gonna believe what we found out about demonica. She threw away my song without even listening to it. And she sabotaged your jam-a-thon gig to make me look bad. And she broke the keyboard on the wall, And put it back up there to make it look like nothing happened to it. Dez? Fine, I broke it! But she's still a very bad person. Well, I have a way to show demonica that I don't need her anymore. And I have a way to show demonica. That she messed with the wrong people. Team Austin is back. Yeah, I don't want to be famous without my friends. Thanks, Austin. We missed you. Welcome back, buddy. I guess we're hugging. And hug over. Thank you for coming. From the moment I laid eyes on Austin moon I knew that, with my guidance, He would become a superstar. Together we are going to kick butt. Visual aid! Now to say a few words, my newest client, Austin moon. It's always been my dream to perform in Times Square, But I've realized that if you're living your dream. Without your friends, it's more like a nightmare. What are you talking about? I have team Austin and this is what we can do without you. Video. ♪ Sometimes I get in my own way ♪ ♪ I need someone to say, "hey, what are you thinking?" ♪ ♪ your words, they're always just in time ♪ ♪ just like a perfect rhyme ♪ ♪ like you're not even trying ♪ ♪ like pieces of a puzzle ♪ ♪ without each other, we're in trouble, trouble ♪ ♪ hey, I will always stay ♪ ♪ by your side forever ♪ ♪ 'cause we're better together ♪ ♪ hey, there's no other way ♪ ♪ we'll make it through whatever ♪ ♪ 'cause we're better together ♪ ♪ like the waves need the sand to crash on ♪ ♪ like the sun needs the world to shine on ♪ ♪ you're the bright side of every day ♪ ♪ me without you just isn't the same ♪ ♪ hey, I will always stay ♪ ♪ by your side forever ♪ ♪ 'cause we're better together ♪ ♪ hey, there's no other way ♪ ♪ we'll make it through whatever ♪ ♪ 'cause we're better together. ♪. That song was written by my partner Ally, The video was shot by my best friend Dez And the whole thing was put together by my manager Trish. - Come on up here, guys. - I'm good right here. Your manager Trish? I'm your manager. Not anymore. You're fired. In your face, finger-snapper! You're going to regret letting me go. And you're gonna regret wearing a nice outfit. - Why? - Sweet sweet revenge. Meatballs. Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Blah! Boo! Man, you're good. Sorry I was late. I was doing it won't ever happen again. Oh, I've heard that before. Trish, you're fired. Come on kids, let's go. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 