Austin & Ally: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Austin & Ally 
 s1e12 - Soups & Stars - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Austin & Ally (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 12 - Soups & Stars - full transcript 
 Trish's new boss at Miss Suzy's Soups is also Ally's former elementary school teacher. When Ally inadvertently plays a prank on her, Miss Suzy's business starts to suffer. Ally feels terrible, so she, Austin, Trish and Dez come up with a plan to help get customers back into the doors by making a commercial. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What are you guys doing? Shooting a commercial for sonic boom. My dad is paying you to shoot a commercial? In real money? 'cause I got chicken fingers for allowance last week. I'm doing it for free. I'm hoping when other stores see it, they'll pay me to shoot their commercials Whoa, you're actually doing work free? You're supposed to get pay not to work. Have I taught you nothing? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So what's up with the huge guitar? Every director needs a "thing." my "thing" is giant props And the splits. Okay, maybe just giant props. My thing is twitting. That's right, I join tweeter. Ever heard of it? You're just joining tweeter now? Yep, Ally Dawson is officially a passenger on a train? All aboard. a-woot woot! Ally. The tweeter train left the station about two years ago. And apparently, it left you stranded there. Well, I got on this week, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And I'm already up to 11 followers. Austin just got 3,000 followers. This week? This morning. I don't get it. I post really great twits. Let me see. "the radiant glow of a friendly smile Will warm a heart for a million miles"? Is this a twit or your English paper? What are you talking about? Twits are supposed to be silly and fun. You put way too much thought into your twits. Here, check out what I posted when I was eating pancakes with Dez. "Eating pancakes With dez." "chilling at sonic boom with my buds." "there is nothing more important Than the moments you share with your friends." twit! Hey, I just lost three followers. When the crowd wants more I bring on the thunder 'cause you've got my back And i'm not going under You're my point, you're my guard You're the perfect chord And i see our names together on every billboard We're headed for the top, we've got it on lock We'll make 'em say "hey!" And we'll keep rockin' There's no way I could make it without ya Do it without ya, be here without ya It's no fun when you're doing it solo With you it's like, "whoa," yeah, and i know I own this dream 'cause i got you with me There's no way i could make it without ya Do it without ya, be here without ya. Austin & Ally S01E12 Soups & Stars Guess who got a job at Suzy's soups? You'll never guess who the owner is. Wait, don't tell me... someone named Suzy? It's miss Suzy, our elementary school music teacher. No way! I loved miss Suzy. She's a big reason why I start to take music seriously. She's a big reason why I to take naps in class. She was so boring. So miss Suzy's not teaching anymore? No, she's retired, But she still acts like a third grade teacher. She gives us gold stars for doing good work And instead of breaks, she gives us recess. Ah, recess. Nothing better than curling up in the library with a good book, huh? What? I hated the playground. I was always getting nailed in the head with a dodge ball. Ah, dodge ball. So miss Suzy Still gives out gold stars, huh? -I never got one of those. -really? I got this one for spilling hot soup on only one customer today. And this one for going potty. I wanna go see miss Suzy. I'm gonna twit an update. I'm getting good at these. "cruisin' to Suzy's soups to see my old teach." "teachers are like candles. They light the way for others." It's like you want to get hit by dodge balls. Do you guys have to make those noises? Sorry. we'll make different noises. Come on, honey. I'll show you how to do a setup at the station. Crackers on your left, spoons on your right When you're eating soup, you never have to bite As long as you pay me, it's all good -la la la la la la la la la la. -ohh. Hi, miss Suzy. remember me? How could I ever forget you, My little Ally-gator? She gave us all nicknames in class. I was Trish-kabob. My teachers used to call me "d-plus." They put it at the top of all my tests. Do you kids need more crayons To color on your placemats? Miss Suzy, we're grown up now. We don't color anymore. Speak for yourself, Ally-gator. -ta-dah! -oh! That shows real potential. You get a gold star. Sweet! Ta-dah! And you finished all your soup. -You get a gold star, too. -awesome! Lunch has always been my best subject. And you get a gold star, too, Trish-kabob. Why does Trish-kabob get a gold star? She's really improving at her job. She's not ladling soup with her hands anymore. That's what she thinks. Well, I just finished my soup. Do I get anything for that? Yes, you do. The nutritious benefits of a hearty bowl of soup. This place is awesome. I'm gonna twit about it. Wait, where's my phone? You know, you wouldn't keep losing your phone If you didn't carry around all that junk. This isn't junk. I need this stuff. Really? You need an anchor, a license plate And a rubber spider? Yes, Ally, I do. -Ah, here it is. -I'm gonna twit, too. "eating at suzy's soups. What's soup, everybody?" Good one. I can do a cool twit, too. Give me a minute to think Don't think. just do. do. I just said "do-do." I gotta twit that. What do you want me to do? Put dez's rubber spider in a bowl of soup and take a picture of it - that's pretty funny. -I'll call it "spider noodle soup." there. Thanks, dez. i guess "sder noodle soup" is pretty funny. No, austin just said "do-do." - What up?! Whoa! are you shooting a commercial for the science store? No, I'm shooting that commercial later. I'm just lookin for my keys Hey, Ally. Hey, guys, Guess who got 5,000 new followers on tweeter? That's right, me. I hate to toot my own horn, but toot-toot! 5,000 new followers. that's awesome. Go ahead, austin. you can toot the horn. Toot-toot. I guess people do appreciate my well-thought-out twits. No, everyone appreciates that spider picture you took At miss Suzy's soups. Wait, you're telling me I got 5,000 new followers Just because of "spider noodle soup"? Yeah, it's awesome. It's not awesome for miss suzy. She sent me home because there weren't any customers... -thanks to you. -thanks to me? Yeah, I'm thanking you. I got the afternoon off! No no, Why aren't there any customers? People think we have bugs in our soup because of that picture you took If miss Suzy doesn't get some customers Oh, man, what did I do? Soon, she's gonna out of business You twitted a picture of a spider in miss Suzy's soups And now you're ruining her life. Come on, Ally, keep up! Ally! You look exhausted. I'm fine. Thank you for shopping at sonic change. Here's your boom. Okay, I'm exhausted. I was up all night trying to figure out how to save miss Suzy's business It's all my fault she's gonna lose it. It's not all your fault. People are making it worse by putting up more fake pictures. Look. An eyeball in a bowl of miss Suzy's soup. A cruise ship in a bowl of soup. Bigfoot in a bowl of soup. What kind of person would do this just to get a cheap laugh? I did the bigfoot one. funny, right? Wrong. if miss Suzy loses her business, She's gonna hate me even more than she already does. What are you talking about?, you are her favorite student forever, Then why hasn't she given me a gold star? Do you know how bad i want a gold star? You know they're not real gold, right? Hey, guys, we just came from miss Suzy's, And it was emp-ty. I guess I can cross miss suzy off my list Of potential commercial clients. Dez, that's it. that's how we'll save miss Suzy's. We'll make a commercial You just saw me cross her off the list. No, that's a great idea. I'll write a jingle, you can sing it, - Dez can direct it and Trish can act in it. -Oh great! How's this? Ahh! There's a spider in my soup! That was good, but we probably shouldn't mention The whole spider-in-the-soup thing. Got it. Ahhh! There's not a spider In my soup! Better. Is this really your jingle for the soup commercial? "when life gets you down, and you need to heal your soul, Only one thing can suit you, And it comes in a ceramic bowl"? Pretty great, huh? I put a lot of thought into those lyrics. Look, Ally, you're the best songwriter I know. I like where you're going with this. Keep talking. - This jingle's not very good. - Okay, stop talking. Jingles are about selling things. What are we selling here? Love, hope, the triumph of the human spirit. No, we're selling soup. Soup, soup, soup, soup, soup. Ooh, I like that! Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup. We should use that for miss Suzy's commercial. I like the jingle I wrote. No offense, but the last time I took your advice About what to write, I ruined miss Suzy's business. Okay, no biggie. We'll record your jingle. Just hang on a second I just need to post my hourly update on twitter." What kind of person has nothing better to do than wait to see what you are doing every hour Austin, hurry up! I'm waiting to hear what fun stuff you update to." "chillin' in the practice room." Man, you live the life. When the pressure of life gets you down And you wanna turn that frown upside down Don't be sad, don't be blue Miss Suzy's got a soup for you. So what do you think, miss Suzy? Pretty gold star worthy, huh? Ally, this jingle is truly a triumph Of the human spirit, But I'm just trying to sell soup here. That's what I said! I think it should be a lot simpler, Like... soup soup soup soup soup soup soup. I'm sorry. I tried to tell him earlier that Oh! I love it. -what? -let's all sing it together. One and a two and a... Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup. This jingle is perfect For the commercial. I may not lose my business after all. Gold star for you, Austin. -soup soup soup... -whoo! awesome! Congrats on another gold star, Austin. What's wrong? Are you mad miss Suzy didn't pick your jingle? Isn't it more important we're gonna save her restaurant? I know. I'm happy about that. It's just miss Suzy is the only teacher I've ever had That never gave me a gold star. Who cares? gold stars are silly. That's easy for you to say, Austin. Good things always happen to you and you don't even try. Your life is like a gold star. That's not true. hey, Look! I just found 20 bucks. Miss Suzy was my music teacher. I looked up to her. If she says I'm doing a good job, then I know I'm doing a good job, Ally, do you really need to have your jingle In miss Suzy's commercial just to get her approval? Well, when you put it like that, Yes! yes, I do. I'll make my own commercial, Use my jingle and get a gold star! Ally, that wasn't my point. It's just a soup commercial. Ally, you're making this way more complicated than it needs to be What are you talking about? It is not just a commercial. We're saving Suzy's soups. And who knows Maybe I'll get a gold star in the process. Where are my actors? -Ally, we look ridiculous. -Yeah These tights are really tight. Hey, I bet that's why they call them tights. So what's with the giant bowl of soup? I'm the director. you know big props are my "thing." That and tap-dancing. All right, let's shoot this. Austin, you're playing a sailor who just returned from being lost sea Trish, you play his loyal wife who Thought you will never see him again, Your motivation is your mutual love of soup. Okay, we're ready. -And action! -Ally, you're not a director. You don't know how to say action. And action! Cornelia, when I was lost at sea, I thought of two things every day to keep me happy You and soup. Oh, Benjamin, I would never have survived your absence If not for the warmth of this wonton soup. Cut! Ally, again, you're not a director. You don't know how to say "cut." Cut! Why is there wonton soup in this giant soup bowl? Dez, I told you to get chickenn noodle soup. For the last time, Ally, you're not a director. Only I can yell at people on my set. Dez, what were you thinking? She told you to get chiken noodle soup. What does it matter if it's wonton or chicken noodle? Because there was no Chinese food In colonial America! Why don't we just put a drive-through here and everyoneng can get tacos Ooh, if we're doing a drive-through, I'd rather have hamburgers. Everybody focus. This commercial has to be perfect. Relax, it's just soup. Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup Soup soup soup soup soup soup... Stop it! It is more than just soup. I want a gold star! Ally, I'll give you all my gold stars If you promise to calm down. I am calm! Now if this soup is gonna be right, I need to pull this one down. By enormous noodles, boil them up, Cut some giant -Are you OK -Awesome! Okay, maybe I do need to calm down a little bit. There's a wonton on my head, isn't there? There you are. We've been looking for you for hours. I've been in the practice room this whole time. - Where were you looking? - All your favorite places... The pizza parlor and the arcade. I don't like either of those places. Fine, we went to our favorite places. I won a frog. Are you okay? No, I feel terrible. I got so caught up in trying to win miss Miss Suzy's approval that I ruined her commercial. Now she's definitely gonna lose her business. Ally, have you seen your tweeter? You have more followers than Austin. What? how did that happen? Let's just say someone edited your footage, Made miss Suzy an awesome commercial And posted it on your tweeter feed. You can thankd BFF Trish did that? No, me. your b.f.f.... Best freckled friend. That's not at all what it stands for, but thank you. No, thank us, too. We helped, after we left the arcade. -I won a frog! Check it out. When the pressure of life gets you down And you wanna turn that frown upside down Don't be sad, don't be blue Miss Suzy's got a soup for you Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup Soup soup soup soup soup soup soup... - Soup soup! Suzy's soups... So good, you'll wanna dive right in. We do not have spiders! Oh, Ally. Your commercial saved my business. -I wanna give you something. -Really? Ta-dah! - Coupons for free soup. - For the whole year! -miss Suzy, can i ask you something? -Sure. How come you give everyone else gold stars But me? Oh, Ally, because you don't need them. You're the most talented student I've ever have Usually, I just give gold stars to people who need extra motivation. Like Trish-kob. Hey, I only broke 10 bowls today. Oh, well... Here's a gold star. Yay! Gold star! Yay! See? I told you you were being silly for nothing. Okay, here it goes. I know you don't need this, But gold star For Ally-gator. Oh! You finally got your gold star. How's it feel? Eh, not that big of a deal. Kidding. This is the best thing ever. Gold star dance! Gold star! Gold star! Who's got a gold star? Ally's got a gold star! Dear cornelia, I'm afraid I must return to sea. Oh, Benjamin, if you must leave me, I want to give you something to remember me by. -A guitar? -From sonic boom. All the instruments you need At historically low prices. Sonic boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! And cut! Ally is going to love it. Where is she anyway Oh, she is covering for me in Miss Suzy's Why would she do that Sorry I'm late, just have the best day ever 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 