Austin & Ally: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Austin & Ally 
 s1e11 - Songwriting & Starfish - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Austin & Ally (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 11 - Songwriting & Starfish - full transcript 
 The gang tries to help Austin get ready for the Hot Summer Jam Contest on the beach, where he could win a chance to have his song played on the radio. Meanwhile, Ally tries to put her ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Little early for ice cream, isn't it? What are you doing here, officer? Somebody triggered the silent alarm. Really? I didn't hear anything. - What's with your face? - Well, some people say I have my mom's eyes and my dad's nose, But I see more of my great aunt Ruth. She is a handsome woman. I'm talking about the starfish. I have a starfish on my face. - Freeze, ice-cream stealers. - What's going on? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's busting us for breaking into the ice cream shop. Officer, this is a misunderstanding. I work here. No, you don't. You served me a latte yesterday at the coffee kiosk. Yeah, I get fired a lot. I can see why. That was the worst latte I ever had in my life. Why are you in pajamas and why is he covered in sand Officer, I know this looks bad, But I swear we're not robbing the ice cream store. Score! I can't believe we pulled this off. All right, kids, come on. Let's take a little ride downtown. But we can't. I'm performing at the miami beach bash today. The miami beach bash? Why didn't you say something? -I'll let you off right n. -Really? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No. Let's go. When the crowd wants more I bring on the thunder 'cause you've got my back and I'm not going under you're my point, you're my guard you're the perfect chord and I see our names together on every billboard we're headed for the top, we've got it on lock we'll make 'em say "hey!" and we'll keep rockin' oh, there's no way I could make it without ya do it without ya, be here without ya it's no fun when you're doing it solo with you it's like, "whoa," yeah, and I know I own this dream do it without ya, be here without ya. Austin & Ally S01E11 Songwriting & Starfish I swear we weren't committing a crime, officer. We were trying to finish a song for Austin to perform at the beach bash. Yeah. Fm 109's having a hot summer jam contest. If I win, I get my song on the radio. Kid, you just got sand all in my latte. That's still better Than the one she made me yesterday. Anyway, the song's the whole reason We were in the ice cream shop. So you expect me to believe that you were in a ski mask, You're covered in sand, you're in pajamas And you have a starfish on your face All because of a song? I know it sounds crazy, but it's all part of our songwriting process. It's a long story. A story. I love a story. Tell me everything. I was trying to come with something for the beach bash And I finally got an idea. Nobody talk to me. I have a melody in my head and I don't wanna lose it. Nobody talk to me either. No reason. I just don't feel like talking to either of you. Excuse me. Can I borrow the piano for a second? No no no, I'm gonna lose the melody! Here, let me help you. Did it sound like this? Dez, stop, you're not helping. Did it sound like this? Neither of you are helping! Hey, when did you guys get cowbells? That's it. That's the melody. Now let's put some chords behind it. So what do you think? It's a good song, ally. It's just... you wrote it in a minor key. It's so sad. Sad sad sad. It should be in a major key... upbeat and happy. Fun fun fun fun-fun! -fun fun fun fun-fun! -I like that. Now this could be a hot summer jam. That is jamming. Jam on it. Jammy-jam-jam. Jam and cheese sandwich. -One too many? -All too many. Now we just need to think up some sweet lyrics About how awesome the beach is. Let me give it a shot. Sand in my eyes, sun burning my thighs waves crash on piles of trash we're at the beach, hurray. Ally, those lyrics are a total bummer. I said "hurray." I'm sorry, austin. I've just always had bad experiences at the beach. You know who else is gonna have bad experiences at the beach Me. We're not gonna win that hot summer jam contest, 'cause we don't have a song. Your story's just not adding up. You said you were in the ice cream shop to write a song, And now you're saying you didn't have any lyrics. No, you kids aren't going anywhere. Get comfortable. Way ahead of ya. Uh, excuse me, officer, But aren't we allowed to call someone? You get one phone call. Make it count. -Yes! -Oh, I will. Hi, mom. I just called to say I love you. Goodbye. You just wasted our one phone call! Whoa, it is never a waste to tell someone you love them! Okay. I'm gonna go see if your jail cells are ready. - What? -Officer, wait, let us finish the story. It gets better... ally got in a fight. Ooh, a fight. Grab some napkins, 'cause this story's getting juicy. Who'd you fight? A beach chair. Don't tell me the beach chair won. What? Of course not. Look at these guns. We knew ally only wrote bad lyrics 'cause she never had a good time at the beach, So we thought we'd show her how to have fun there . This is so not fun! Trish! Right. I love pushing a heavy cart through the sand In the hot sun for minimum wage. Hurray beach! I said "hurray." Guys, I appreciate what you're doing, But maybe I'm just not a beach person. I mean, you see the sun, I see sunburn. You see ocean, I see place where sharks live. You're focused on the wrong things. There's so much cool stuff here. Look, people rocking their shades, Kids smiling and tanning, Dez with a starfish on his face. You guys, the water is amazing. Dez, you've got a little something on your- Oh. Thanks. No, you've got a starfish on your face Oh, man, it's gonna hurt when I pull it off. -Ooh, I'll do it! -I got it. I'll do it quick, on three. One... Two, three. I'm gonna keep him. We've been through a lot together. Uh, you know what, austin? You're right. There is some cool stuff here we can use in the lyrics. Smiling and tanning, rocking the shades, I'm gonna write that down. Ugh. Oh no. This gum melted and got all over my songbook. Oh no, the song book closed and got all over my gum. You see? Bad things happen at the beach. Relax, I can fix it. May I please touch your book just this once? Wh... ooh, what are you doing? There. The gum will freeze and then we can scrape it off. Just don't accidentally give it to someone when you sell them ice cream. Oh, that's adorable. You think I'm actually gonna work. Guess who's ready to tan. I'm with trish. Let's catch some rays while we think of more lyrics. Yo, dez, toss me the sunblock. Okay, so we're chilling. I can do that. I'll just sit back and relax and... Why does this chair hate me? Here, let me help you. What? Wh... Why is this sand so sticky? Yeah, this isn't sunblock. It's glue. What?! Why'd you bring glue to the beach? How else are you supposed to stay up on a surfboard? Um, guys? A little help. All right. Well, that explains how you got the lyrics And why he's covered in sand, but why does this fool Still have a starfish on his face if you ripped the other one off? Wait. Don't tell me you got another one stuck to your face. No, I'm not an idiot. I got the same starfish stuck to my face. But I still don't understand how you guys - All ended in the ice cream shop. - Well, we had the verses, But we couldn't figure out a cool chorus. So we had to pull an all-nighter to finish the song. Okay, wait. What about this? Summer at the beach rocking shades bed, pillow, tired, dreams. -ally! -Did we finish the song? No, but you slobbered all over the keys. Why are we having such a hard time coming up with lyrics for the chorus? Maybe I have some old ideas in my songbook. Oh no, I left my book in trish's ice cream cart. -I'm calling her. -Are you kidding? It's 4:00 a.M. Trish is asleep. Austin, please. Trish is my best friend. She'll understand. I don't understand! It's 4:00 a.M.! Why would you do this to me?! I-I... I'm sorry, trish, but my book is in your cart. We need your keys to get inside so we can finish the song. Oh no, I forgot my keys. Trish! But... my book! -It's unlocked. -Oh yeah. I keep it unlocked because I always forget my keys. "no hugging the ice cream"? Do they really need a sign for that? You'd be surprised at how often it happens. I love you, ice cream. Austin! Sorry. Let's just grab your book and get out of here. Yeah. Uh, guys? I think the door handle broke. -What?! -Oh no! - We're trapped in here! - This is all my fault. No, it's not. You didn't do it on purpose. No, when I was five I made a birthday wish That I'd be locked in a freezer full of ice cream. I should've wished for a pony. What are we gonna do? It's freezing in here. And the beach bash is in a few hours And we haven't even finished our song. -I'll call dez. -Yeah. Hello? Oh man! Why did I put my starfish next to my starfish phone again? Hello? Dez, we're in the ice cream shop, -Locked in the freezer. -Austin? Austin, it's a bad connection. Did you say you're at a me dream swap -And your clock is a sneezer? -What? No, come to the ice cream shop! We need you to save us! I have to come to the ice cream shop and shave gus? I'm on my way. Dez? Dez? Well, I think he's on his way, But he might be stopping to shave some guy named gus. I hope dez gets here soon. I'm freezing. Oh, here, put on this ski mask. Wh... why do you have a ski mask in here? So I don't freeze my face off when I sneak in here to take naps. Man, I'm starting to get hungry, but all that's in here is ice cream. Wait. All that's in here is ice cream! Mmm, chocolate chip! Mm, cookie dough. Oh, fruity mint swirl! Fruity mint swirl? That was my favorite ice cream when I was a little girl. Guys, we can't have ice cream for breakfast... Without toppings! Fruity mint swirl reminds me of this one time When I was on the beach with my dad. We were walking on the boardwalk eating this ice cream. Wait, are you having a good memory about the beach? Mmm, I guess I am. I'm having a good memory too. Remember that time, right now, When I was ignoring your story and eating this ice cream? Oh, good times, good times. Anyway, while we were eating the ice cream, We heard this cool song on the radio. The band was playing in town that night, So my dad took me down to see the show. We had the best time ever. Hey, maybe there's something in that memory We could use for the chorus. Yeah, "heard it on the radio, Coming down to see the show." That's perfect. Heard it on the radio... coming down to see your show. We have a song for the beach bash! We're still stuck in the freezer. Hey, guys. Sorry I didn't get here quicker. It's taking twice as long as I thought to shave gus the janitor. Smooth like half a baby's bottom. And that's why we were in the ice cream shop. Do you believe our story now, officer? You know what? I do. -Yes! -So you'll let us go? -No. -What?! Well, you just admitted to breaking into the ice cream shop And stealing fruity mint swirl. Forget about the beach bash. You kids aren't going anywhere. I can't believe we're gonna miss the beach bash After all we went through writing that song. That song will still be the hot summer jam, Even if I have to sing it personally to all the men, women and children in miami. I heard it on the radio, coming down to see the show! Heard it on the radio... thank you. I thought I was gonna have to pepper-spray him. You still can. No, I shouldn't. Austin, check it out. Sorry... sorry about that. I get... I get carried away. - "breaking"... that's okay. You're good. No no, I don't know if I'm good. Really? You think I'm good. 'cause when I was in a kid, I always wanted to be in a band, But my dad said I had a bazillion-in-one chance In make it in the music biz, so... So I quit. It's too bad I'm not playing the beach bash Or I'd ask you to sit in with my band. Uh, yeah. You two could totally be jamming on stage together In two hours, but... Ah... we're stuck in here. Really? 'cause I have some drumsticks back... Wait a sec. I know what it is you're trying to do. You think I'm gonna let you outta here And go to the beach bash, just so I can play drums And finally prove my dad wrong. That's... In your face, dad! I'm drum! What's up, miami?! This is a new song my partner ally and I wrote Called "heard it on the radio." I hope everybody likes it. Hit it, officer. Yo, whassup? Summer in the sand, he's the drummer in the band dropping the beat, she's the d.J. At the boardwalk a smile and a tan, and her sandals in her hand rocking her shades, you could almost see their eyes lock what could be better than a party in the weather with the both of us together in the backdrop? Everything s right and the day turned into night with the music and the lights, that's when we stopped, stop stop heard it on the radio, sing it out loud coming down to see your show oh oh oh, having fun now heard it on the radio, oh oh oh oh oh, having fun now coming down to see your show! Whoa! Okay. listen the story about this party about the glory, about the summer that would raise the bar anyone would tell you it was chill, it was stellar the best time we had so far everyone together, always going, never better and the good times go on and on and on never will forget it, doesn't matter where we're headed I'll remember when I hear our song, what? Heard it on the radio, sing it out loud oh oh, coming down to see your show oh oh oh, having fun now heard it on the radio, oh oh oh oh oh, having fun now heard it on the radio, oh oh oh oh oh, having fun now coming down to see your show! Thanks for letting me play with you, austin. That was awesome! Told you, dad! Unh! So are we free to go, officer? Yeah. I spoke to the owner of the ice cream shop And he said that since ally left money for the ice cream, He's not pressing charges. You being a goody-goody finally paid off. Honey is its own reward. She just doesn't stop. Hey, don't give ally all the credit. We probably got off because my boss loves me. Actually, he wanted me to tell you that you're fired. What? But we didn't break in! It wasn't for that. It was for... ooh... "leaving the shop unlocked, napping in the freezer, Charging for free samples, Scooping ice cream with your hands, Scooping ice cream with someone else's hands." Okay, I get it. I'm fired. On a totally unrelated note, Are you guys hiring down at the station? - How are you with paperwork? - Mmm, see, I really don't do Anything with the word "work" in it. - Can you start Monday? - Mmm, I also don't work On days that end with "y." oh oh oh, having fun now heard it on the radio, oh oh oh oh oh, having fun now, heard it on the radio... That was austin moon with "heard it on the dio," The winner of fm 109 hot summer jam contest. -oh, I can't believe it... Our first song on the radio. I always dreamed of this day. This is awesome. I think now I know What was missing all those times I didn't have fun at the beach. We know, we know... your good friends. No, my best friend I love you, fruity mint swirl I am so psyched you got a song on the radio. Group hug! - Dez -Yeah You weren't just putting on sunblock, were you? Yeah, why It wasn't sunblock, it was glue 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 