Austin & Ally: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Austin & Ally 
 s1e8 - Club Owners & Quinceaneras - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Austin & Ally (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 8 - Club Owners & Quinceaneras - full transcript 
 Trish's Quinceanera is used by Austin as the opportunity for potential gigs, and an opportunity for Ally to finally start dating Dallas. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay, off the baby grand into the tuba. -Oh yes! -Whoo! I'll be taking this. What, there's no playing ball in the store? We'll stop playing now. We know all about your "no fun" rules. What? I can have fun. Uh, I took the ball 'Cause I wanna play. Grab your bookbags, You're about to get schooled. Yeah, no playing ball in the store. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Guess who's having a quinceanera? Oh, I'll take one! Do you have any chicken quinceanera? I'm trying to cut back on red meat. You're thinking of a quesadilla. No-oo. Quesadilla Is a traditional Latin-American party Celebrating a girl's 15th birthday. That's a quinceanera. And stop trying to learn other languages. You can barely speak English. Trish, I thought you didn't wanna make a big deal for your 15th birthday. I don't, but my mom's making me Because it's a "family tradition." I even have to wear this poufy dress she wore to her quinceanera. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Look. Hey, there's nothing wrong with hand-me-downs. This underwear's been in my family for six generations. Ew! I'm so not looking forward to this party. My mom wants to give a speech, My brother wants to do his magic act And my cousin Deb's only coming to show off her new boyfriend, "The big club owner." Whoa whoa whoa, say that again. I'm so not looking forward to this party. - My mom wants to give -No, the part about the club owner. Oh, Emilio? Well, I don't know. I haven't met him yet. But apparently he owns like five of the biggest clubs in the country. This could be huge for us. This could be your first national tour! Oh, I hope we get to play in Miami! We... we live in Miami. I know, but I love it here. Listen to you guys. You're just like everyone else. You want me to have a quincea? era just so you can get something out of it. How selfish is that! You realize you'll get a boatload of presents, right? Guess who's ready to party! When the crowd wants more I bring on the thunder 'Cause you've got my back And I'm not going under You're my point, you're my guard You're the perfect chord And I see our names together on every billboard We're headed for the top, we've got it on lock We'll make 'em say "hey!" And we'll keep rockin' Oh, there's no way I could make it without ya Do it without ya, be here without ya It's no fun when you're doing it solo With you it's like, "whoa," yeah, and I know I own this dream 'Cause I got you with me There's no way I could make it without ya Do it without ya, be here without ya. Austin & Ally S01E08 Club Owners & Quinceaneras Trish, this party is about your entrance into adulthood. So you should make a grand entrance to your party. I've got some ideas. Here's you entering on a motorcycle. Here's you entering on a jet ski. Here's you entering on an elephant. I'm not riding a stupid elephant. Okay. What about a smart elephant? Dez, you're wasting my time. All right, here's a much simpler idea. You swing in over the crowd on a jungle vine Like an ape man. Yeah, that's the stupidest idea I've ever heard. Oh, Austin, When you sing at Trish's party, Do you wanna swing in on a jungle vine Like an ape man? That's the best idea I've ever heard! Hmm, go back to my new job Or hang out with you two apes? Back to changing diapers at the day care it is. Okay, you pass out the invites on that side of the mall and I'll get this side. You're inviting "girl from jewelry store"? You don't even know her name. I know that a pair of diamond earrings will make a great quinceanera present. Trish, that's terrible. Hey, I need something at this party to look forward to, Since apparently it's for everyone else but me. My annoying brother still wants me to let him do his magic act. Did somebody say magic? Wh... -J.J.! -So, Trish, Have you thought about letting me perform at your birthday? You can't even do a simple trick. Oh, yeah? Watch. Now with a little abracadabra... Voila! I like that trick. Do it again. Hey, there's Dallas, The cute boy from the cell phone accessory cart. Act normal. Hey, Dallas. Catch the game last night? What game? Uh... You are too funny. Okay. Hey, Dallas, I'm having a party. Black tie optional, gifts mandatory. Cool. Can't wait. I can't believe you did that! Do you really need cell phone accessories that badly? No, I invited him 'cause you have a crush on him. But if he doesn't bring me a sparkly cell phone case, He's not getting dinner. But he can't come to your party. I get so nervous around him, I can barely talk. You don't have to talk. Just dance with him. They'll play a slow song, you'll touch hands, Stare into each other's eyes And boom! Instant boyfriend. At least that's how it happens on that reality show, "boom! Instant boyfriend." You know I can't dance, Trish. I'll have better luck talking to him. Sorry, I left my drink on your table. Or maybe you left our table under your drink. I gotta learn how to dance. Hey, ally, check these moves out. I need an awesome performance at Trish's party If I'm gonna score that national tour. Whassup? Wow, I wish I could dance like that. Trish thinks I can win Dallas over If I dance with him at her party, But I've only got one good move. That's your good move? I must be the worst dancer in the history of dancing. Oh, that's not true. Dancing's been around forever. There must be someone worse. Gee, thanks. Look, don't worry about dancing with Dallas. Slow dancing is easy. Just follow the guy's lead. Do you think you could show me? Sure. -Okay, ready? -Okay. Right about there. Oh, sorry, I just stepped on your foot. Actually that was your foot. Just follow me. You can do this. Hey, I'm getting the hang of this. - Okay, now I'm gonna spin you. - No no no! Oh. Oh! This is hopeless. There's no way I'm dancing at the party tomorrow. Yeah. And neither am I. Don't worry, Austin. Dr. Dez is here. Rule ♪1 for a sprain... you've gotta put ice on it. Ow! Okay, that doesn't seem to be working. Uh, let's try acupuncture. You know what? I'm good. Man, this stinks. How am I supposed to perform At Trish's party if I can't even stand up? That Emilio guy is never gonna book me at his clubs. I've got it! We already have the jungle vine for your entrance. Why don't you do the entire show flying above the crowd? The jungle vine thing is cool. Austin, I am so sorry. Nobody feels worse about this than I do. Well, you probably do because you have a sprained ankle, But I'm a close second. It's okay, ally. Dez came up with a way For me to still give a cool performance. At least the party won't be ruined for both of us. You're still gonna dance with Dallas. I'll coach you. Dez, you be Dallas. Ally, you be ally. Aw, I want to be ally. Dez, we've talked about this. Fine, I'll be Dallas. Hey, ally. You always stare at me And say weird things. Wanna dance? It's not quite how I imagined the moment, But okay. Okay, just follow Dez's lead. A simple one-two one-two. You're going too fast! It's a slow dance. One, two. Okay, let's call it a medium dance. There you go, ally. You're doing it! You're gonna be great at this party. Now let's try a spin. Oh, I love this part! Wow, Trish's mom really went all out. I feel so bad. I forgot to bring her a present. I don't think she'll notice. Do you see Dallas? I can't wait to dance with him. I wonder if Emilio is here yet. I can't wait to show him my performance. Why are you wearing that poufy suit? You saw Trish's dress. I thought everyone has to wear poufy stuff. Ooh, Trish is about to make her big entrance. We want to thank all our family and friends For coming to Trish's quinceanera. Now introducing the birthday girl, Patricia maria de la rosa. Who? I thought we were here for Trish. I can't wait to see Trish's new dress. She didn't wanna wear her mom's Because it wasn't her style. Oh, that's much more Trish. She looks great. Yeah, zebra definitely her color. We're so proud of Trish. She's such a hard worker. I remember when she got her first job At the bookstore and then the next day She got a job at the bakery And then an hour later she quit and got a job at the pet shop, -And... Okay, mom! -oh. Let's get to the gifts. Whoo! Honey, it's not about the presents. Tonight is a magical night. Did somebody say magic? It's time for the traditional first dance. Please join Trish and her father on the dance floor. Now's your chance to dance with Dallas. -I'm nervous. -Don't be. You were great dancing yesterday with Dez. -Just pretend Dallas is Dez. -A-all right. -It's just a slow dance. -Quit stalling. Stalling? I am not stalling. "stalling," that's a funny word. Bet you can't say it 10 times fast... stalling stalling stalling -Stalling stalling... ally! Okay, I'll... I'll ask him, But this song is almost over. I'll just have to wait Until they play another slow song. I can't believe they haven't played another slow song! It's been two hours, the party's almost over. I can't believe Emilio hasn't shown up yet. I can't believe how many shrimp I can fit in my poufy pants. Austin, Emilio's gonna be here in 15 minutes. We only have enough time to play one song 'Cause we lose this space at 10:00. I'll go get the jungle vine ready. They're finally playing a slow song. Now's your chance to dance with Dallas. I'm going. B-but I don't want you guys watching. - I'm already nervous enough. - Okay, we won't watch. Uh, hey, Dallas. Hi, ally. Fun party, huh? Listen to this music. It really puts me in a dancing mood. Would you look at that? Didn't even realize I was dancing. Weird, right? Just me... Dancing... All by myself. Okay, this is ridiculous. Do you wanna dance with me? No, thanks. Oh, phew. I don't know why I was so nervous. I feel so much... Wait, did you just say no? Yeah. Sorry. Wait up. Ally, I'm so sorry. It's okay. This night isn't about me. Austin's gonna give a great performance And Trish, you got a huge cake and a table full of presents. Everything's fine. Look out! See? Everything's fine! Dez, are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I was testing out the jungle vine and it accidentally untied. This is terrible! You destroyed my presents, You broke the deejay's turntable And people are starting to leave. By the time Emilio gets here, everyone's gonna be gone. I don't want him to see me perform without an audience. Get them to stick around for 10 more minutes while I go talk to ally. How am I gonna get everyone to stay? I'm not a magician. Did somebody say magician? Fine, you can do your magic. But no card tricks. And I will now cut my sister in half. Do a card trick. Do a card trick! Now with a little abracadabra... and a little more abracadabra... Oh. Voila! Bravo. Now put me back together. Yeah, uh, About that... Ally, where are you? I've been looking all over. Under where? I just said "underwear." -I'm under here! -Oh. -Why are you hiding? -I'm so embarrassed. I can't show my face in front of Dallas. Forget about him. He's not that great. You're right. I don't even remember why I like him. Just because he has dark hair And kind eyes and a great smile. Okay, I remember exactly why I like him. That guy doesn't know what he's missing. You're awesome. Hey, guys. Austin, Emilio finally got here. You've gotta sing your song now. Hang on, I'm talking to ally. There's no time. They're already starting to clean this place up. Oh... You gonna be okay? Yeah. Go kick some butt And get yourself booked in those clubs. "making someone disappear," "turning someone into a chicken"... Nothing on putting someone back together! J.J., show's over. I've gotta perform. He has to put me back together! There's no time! Wh-what about my legs?! That's Emilio in the green tie. Thanks. Hey, everybody, I'm Austin moon! Thanks for staying... especially Emilio, the club owner. I'm gonna sing a song for you. You know what? Stop. I really wanted to sing for you guys, But there's only time for one song And I'd rather spend that time dancing with one of my best friends. Aw, man, so sweet. Not you. Ally. Uh... Austin, what are you doing? You're missing your chance with Emilio. Hey, it's more important that the coolest girl here finally gets her dance. Hit it! Oh, thanks, Austin. This is so sweet. Okay, ready? Time for the dip. Don't worry, you can trust me. Party's over! Sorry. You can trust me When someone doesn't blast an air horn in my ear. Thanks for coming! There better be gift receipts in those boxes! Deb, Emilio! You made it. So sorry, Trish. There was a problem at one of my clubs. Some guy got mad on the 13th hole And drove a golf cart into the lake. Whoa, cool! You have golf carts and lakes at your nightclubs? Nightclubs? I own country clubs. Oh-hh. Excuse me, sir. I'm Austin moon. I'm sorry I didn't get to perform for you tonight, But I was really hoping to play at one of your clubs. Sure, son. How's 6:00 a.m. Tomorrow? I usually don't play that early, but okay. Austin, he owns country clubs, not nightclubs. Oh-hh. Yeah, I don't play golf or get up at 6:00 a.m. But thanks for the invite. No problem. Sorry this night didn't work out, Austin. I still had fun. I got to hang out with my friends, Eat some shrimp from Dez's pants. And I learned a little espanol. ? hola Still in here! We gotta figure out a way to put you back together, Trish. Whoa, not so fast. I gotta say I like hanging out With this half of Trish much better. Hilarious. Oof... ow! Hey, ally. Oh, hey. You're a really great dancer. I could never have pulled that off. That's why I said no to you. I mean, I wanted to dance with you. I just don't know how. Wait a minute. You can't dance? -That is amazing! -It is?! Yeah. I can't dance either. Look. Oh, wow. That is pretty bad. But not worse than this. Okay okay. Yeah, or what about... Well, tonight was a bust. Looks like I'm not going on a national tour anytime soon. Yeah, and all I have are broken presents. They are not all broken. Yeah, they're all broken. Well, tonight sounds a total loss At least Ally came out the winner On second thought Maybe there are no winners. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 