The Goop Lab: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Goop Lab 
 s1e4 - The Health-Span Plan - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Goop Lab (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Health-Span Plan - full transcript 
 How old are you - inside? Gwyneth, Elise and Wendy gauge their biological ages after dietary tweaks and try facial threading and a vampire facial. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When I started goop in 2008, I was like, "My calling is something else besides, you know, making out with Matt Damon onscreen or whatever." And now, it's this modern lifestyle brand. To me, it's all laddering up to one thing, which is optimization of self. Like, we're here one time, one life... How can we really, like, milk the shit out of this? You have a hundred needles in your face, Elise. Just another day at the office. The opportunity that we have with the goop lab is that, as a company, we can go out in different groups 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and go on a much deeper dive into some of these topics that our readers are curious about. This is gonna be my first experience - with mushrooms. - Oh! You have to let go of your ego. So, what happens in a workshop? Everyone gets off. What the fuck are you doing to people? We get to explore, like, is this real? Do we feel better? And grapple with some topics that are hard and embarrassing or shameful. Isn't that beautiful? Relax. That was, like, next level shit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, are you guys ready to go out in the field and make a ruckus? - Yeah. - You can handle it, right? Hi. Hi. - How are you doing? - I feel terrible. Daffo, do you wanna do the cleanse? I had a burrito for dinner. Believe me, I'm aware. I was salivating over it. I mean, you were salivating when I was describing to you my chia pudding, what I'm gonna eat tomorrow, so... - I'm dying for chia pudding. - That's... Nothing has ever sounded more decadent or delicious to me. Ready to show the world what it looks to turn 50? Oh, God. What? This is not fair at all. You can make yourself younger on the inside. You're probably gonna look younger as well. I'm upping the stakes. It's my one chance trying to be younger. What about these women who can, like, run marathons at 80? - Golden Girls. - Yeah. Blanche got laid more in her 70s than I did in my 20s. I guess you never knew this was gonna be part of your job title, right? Oh, my God. - Hi. - Nice to meet you, - Valter Longo. - Nice to meet you, Valter. - Hi. I'm Morgan. Nice to meet you. - Hi, Morgan, how are you? I think people everywhere are incredibly concerned with their appearance and how they're aging physically. Yeah, absolutely. The medical system worldwide has really been stuck on this, "Let's wait until somebody has a disease." And then we start treating them. And we've been saying, "Treat aging, extend health span, you know, extend youth." The problem, I think, with nutrition is being that - it never came as a medicine. - Mm-hmm And really, this is what I worked 30 years almost for is... what can a doctor actually give you that allows the person to live longer, healthier? - Right. - It's also gonna help in the long run. So, if you can do stuff that we know is going to decrease the risk of different chronic diseases, then people can kind of figure out what interventions work for them, postponing the incidence of these different diseases longer. Morgan, what's your background? Mostly in, kind of, bio-statistics and basically how can we actually measure the aging process, and it's a very complex process. There's so many different things going on in aging. So, really, how can we understand at the entire kind of person level and within each cell. We're finding that your biological age is more predictive of your mortality risk, your risk of developing cancer, heart disease, diabetes, than your chronological age. How fascinating. So, we each kind of went through an experiment, and we each had a blood test before we did varying protocols. - Oh, dear, - Oh, dear. - Oh, my. Hi. - Hi. Kim, this is Gwyneth. - Hi, how are you? - How are you? - Good, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. Just another day at the office. This skirt is, like, inappropriately short for someone who's old enough to be testing their biological age. Your dress code age is 18. Whenever someone asks me how old I am, I never think that the answer's gonna contain a "4." I feel like I was just used to being in my 30s and... Yeah. 'Cause in my mind, I was 28 for a really long time. I was really excited to be in my 30s. 30s are good, 40s are way better. I don't know. I think that idea that you're letting go of being identified as, like, a woman of childbearing age. And, like, we live in a culture where that's such a critical component, right? What comes with a lot of that is, I think we're in that game unconsciously. And then, I don't know, something happens when you turn 40. You just sort of don't really give a fuck, and for me, it was, like, increb... incredibly liberating. I'd better win. You'd better because you're the youngest. I hope I win, as the eldest. Are you excited to be 50? - Hmm. Not really. - No? Why? I... I'm torn. Isn't it hard, like, until you get there and then you're like, "Oh, actually, this is kind of great"? Like, I freaked out before I turned 40 and then I was like, "This is great." Yeah, the lead up is more anxiety provoking. I basically have been running off no sleep, coffee, and alcohol for, like, two years. I think my adrenals are gonna explode after this. You'll come to retake my biological age, and I'll be deceased. What are the factors that determines somebody's biological age? So, for biological age, when we measure it, we try and make sure that we're covering a lot of different systems in the body, so we can really get an idea of the overall age of the person. So, we have a measure for inflammation, metabolism, kidney and liver function, cardiovascular health. And it's really kind of how those combine to create your overall health or biological profile. Well... How old are we? I want to know. - Do you know? Because we... - Okay. I do know, yeah. I'm so scared. You all were younger biologically than chronologically. - So, yeah. - How much? - So, Wendy, - Yes. you were 48.4 biologically. Okay. 48.4? Yes, and I don't know if you want to reveal your chronological age. - 49. - Yeah, 49 and a half, right? - Okay, thank you, I don't need that. - I'll give you the half. No, I mean, the decimals matter. - Elise, you were 37.9. - Whoo! How old are you now? Thirty-nine and a half? And, Gwyneth, you were 44.2. - 44.2, how old am I? 46. - Yeah Yum! Why didn't I get that one? - I have never been vegan. - I have never been vegan. I've never been vegan, either. People think I've been vegan. - I know. Right. - People still think I'm vegan. I get the stinky one. I'm going super Mediterranean, so I think the idea is pescatarian, primarily vegan. But it's the same thing you eat anyway. Well, normally, I try to eat some red meat and I eat poultry. Are you ready for your diet, oldie? I'm ready. Let's see what my life is gonna consist of for five days. Wow. This is all the food? - Yeah. - You must be joking? It's actually kind of nice. 'Cause you don't have to think about what you're gonna eat 'cause it's all in a packet. It's like astronaut food. You guys put me through, like, the craziest shit. You know you love it. All right, let's see. I imag... Is this is breakfast? Okay, I've got an L-Bar, a nut-based bar. I got some kale crackers, people. I've got the, of course, the requisite NR-1 vegetable powder. Spearmint-lemon tea. Great. Olives, that's fun. I'm already excited for that. And two soups. - So, I guess this would be lunch, yeah? - Lunch and dinner, yeah. - This should be okay. - You're fine. You'll be fine. - But then it gets less food every day? - It's a little bit less food every day. Well, I'll certainly be a cheap date. My kids are gonna bum out. Every time I do a cleanse, they're like, "Oh, no." You get all grumpy. Not to make anyone jealous here, but I have pasta. Well, I've got algal oil, so... Sorry, not to brag... I think what we'll see is you're gonna kick my ass. I'm just worried about the no coffee part. I have to have coffee, otherwise you're not gonna want to deal with me. So I'm sitting in the grocery store parking lot, looking like a real weirdo, video taping myself. But what are you gonna do? The key apparently to aging well inside and out is exercise, which I also believe. And so I just killed myself on the dance floor at Tracy Anderson for an hour. I am drenched with sweat. My face is the color of my shirt. But you know what? No pain, no gain. I'm trying to figure out what I can make tonight for dinner, so I think I'm gonna do some salmon and some brown rice. But, man alive, 50 bucks. It's crazy. We came to Costco to get some things and normally, we would go to In-N-Out Burger across the street from Costco for a little treat. But we can't go today. So sad. So sad. Ty, it's killing me on day one! This is what's wrong with this diet. My husband's shoving a croissant in his face. It's so good. Pizza. It's a little vegan pizza. It's actually, pretty good, right? - Yummy. - Yummy. Mama likes it, too. I'm eating some kind of reconstituted... soup with, um, quinoa, possibly zucchini. I'm not entirely sure. I don't understand. How do you reconstitute it? Like, what was it before? So, they freeze-dry it... and now, we've reconstituted it with water, so... How's it taste? Hmm. This one's not so bad. My mushroom soup today at lunch was... really brutal. It didn't... The mushrooms didn't get spongy again. Oh, didn't get reconstituted appropriately? Wendy was vegan. No animal protein whatsoever, - no dairy, right? - Right, yes. - Was there alcohol in yours? - A little bit, just wine. And then you did... pescatarian vegan. Yeah, more or less. A little bit of alcohol. You guys suck, man. That is like... - We did it for three weeks, - We're not as hardcore. and you did five days. - So there's that. - Yeah, but I've done... I've done cleanses for longer than that. No one can compete with Gwyneth Paltrow, GP, aka guinea pig. I mean... I am the pet guinea pig, it's true. So, how did you come to connect fasting to longevity? Yeah, so I was a student of Roy Walford back in the '90s at UCLA. And he was famous for something called calorie restriction. So it was very simple intervention, just eat less and it turns out that calorie restriction is extremely powerful, but extremely detrimental at the same time. It prevents completely diabetes and cuts cancer and cardiovascular disease in half, but then, it makes you anorexic and gives you lots of problems that have to do with infectious diseases and wound healing, etc. So since then, the effort was, how do we get these incredible benefits without having the detrimental effects? Right. When you're fasting, incredible things happen. The body starts looking for things that are not working properly. And we know this to be there, because during development when we're first born, there are very clear mechanisms that get rid of bad cells, keep the good ones and let those stem cells generate organs, right? So, during the fasting then, now the normal cells and the good cells are saved and they go into a protective mode. The ones that don't behave, the cancer cells, autoimmune cells, etc., those are the ones that are targeted and seem to be dying at a much faster pace. - That's incredible. - Yeah. There's a reset button that all organisms push. And that reset button makes the organism younger, healthier, longer living. Is it going? - Okay, it's... - Hello... it's day three. I feel... How do I feel? I feel oddly weak. Hmm. It's not really oddly. True. This cleanse has been interesting because... I, uh... Usually, if I do a real detox, like I... and my liver my detoxes, I get really, like, agitated and angry and stuff and... I never noticed. - Where we going? - This way. Um, and I feel pretty good. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Fantastic. - I mean... You seem pretty good. Other than the fact that I feel terrible. Yeah, but you seem pretty good, and you seem to have plenty of energy, even though you're... I mean, if I was on 800 calories, I would be on the floor. - Yeah. - You're doing pretty well. So, we're working on a package about aging. And when it comes to aging, what are you all afraid of? I don't know, just body failure. Like, starting to feel like you can't move around or starting to feel like your mind is starting to go. Like, I'm young, and I know this is a far way away, but... Like, my big fear is being a burden and being, like, more of an annoyance than... I just feel like I wanna live my best years and then when it... I don't feel like I need to be struggling - or be a burden. - Totally agree. Do any of you guys fear aging, like, on your faces? - Horrified of it. - You are? - My God. Yeah. - That's so honest. Really? Yeah, I'm horrified. I am constantly putting stuff on my face throughout the day. I'm always in the bathroom, like... - It's... yeah. - Really? It freaks me out, you guys. - Sorry. - Why? I feel like for a long time, it was my currency for relationships, for doing well in high school, for getting great jobs. I don't feel that now, by any means, but it felt like it was currency, really, for success. The fear too I have right now is I don't want to be trying to maintain a face that I have now, instead of just honoring the face that I have every year as it's changing. That scares me, too. I think so many women fear coming out of doctor's office, looking like they have that one face. Um... so I understand what you're saying, not wanting to do something like that. But then what are the alternatives? Well, a few of us are gonna try some facial treatments. Ideally things... I refuse... I'm not shooting filler into my face. I don't think anyone will, so I think we're gonna try some facial treatments that are a little bit more natural. So, I'm gonna do 100 needles in your face, - Okay. - Yeah, I know. People think, "Oh, my gosh." I mean, the nice thing about this is what's happening is we're building collagen naturally. So, there's nothing in the needles, right? There's no fillers or anything, and so what happens is your body's actually producing its own collagen. You have 100 needles in your face, Elise. - That's crazy. - So I'm gonna let you lay a bit with them. Having a big birthday this year is a little intimidating. - Oh. - Anything we can do to help. The concept of it is, is these little cones, they stimulate collagen formation, in addition to holding the skin back. These devices, in general, - last about nine months in the body. - Okay. Okay, so, Wendy, our first step is going to be a couple of numbing injections here. You should feel the effect in just a moment. That was fast. Amber, I think we're ready to get going. So, Wendy, we will start on this side. You might hear some crunching sounds kind of close to the ear. - Bothersome? - No. Great. How was that tolerability-wise? - Oh. Completely tolerable. - It was okay? - Yeah. - Good. And next, we're gonna give you a mirror. I just want to see your reaction. - Oh, great. - Great. Yeah, so you do see the puckering. - A little bit of Joker action. - Okay. - Little bit of puckering. - Yeah. That's temporary. Before you know it, it loosens up, and you wouldn't even know it's there. - Great. - But you can see along the jaw line. - Yeah. - Looking good. - Thank you. - Excellent, you're welcome. Okay, so now I'm home. Cleaned it up a little bit. Do you see mommy's boo-boos? Do they look crazy? Do I look crazy? Oh! Can I have a kiss? Be gentle. My son was not terrified by me, so that's a step in the right direction. Now I'm gonna collect your golden broth... - Oh, my God. - from your own body. My golden broth. That's what I'm gonna call it, "Gwyneth's Golden Broth." Oh, my gosh. So, now I'm gonna apply the numbing cream for you. Mmm. They actually use PRP for wound healing. Interesting. How does it work? So, what it's doing is it's causing your skin to resurface and shed the dead skin cells. It has all these growth factors in it. Growth factors are amazing for pigmentation. Jeez, I'm really numb. Good, that's what we want. We're filling up really nicely, Gwyneth. Barf. I do like that it's, uh... it's my own material. It's not a toxin, you know. People shoot a lot of weird shit into their face. Is the blood getting spun? Yeah, she's spinning your blood. It's slightly nauseating to think about, like, blood going back into your blood. I can see that, but I get excited about it, because we're seeing plastic surgeons use this. We're seeing dental surgeons use it. - Wow. - It's incredible. The results are... So, it's healing as well? It's healing as well. Beautiful. Oh, God. It's gorgeous. It grosses me out. Okay. - Should I be scared? - Not at all. You put it on the forehead? Yes, and then I just needle this in. How does that feel? Can you feel anything? - Oh. No. - Great. I thought this was gonna be, like, blood all over the place. - Well, we're not done yet. - Oh. I think it is catching on now, that people are less looking to do Botox and fillers. - They're looking at doing things that... - Yeah, for sure. I think we've just seen overuse of that stuff. Sometimes you would look at somebody and couldn't tell if they were 25 or 55, you know? People want a more natural way. - Aging gracefully, right? - Yeah. So, I'm gonna show you what your skin looks like. No, I'm just kidding. Oh, look at that. So, it's a bit pink in some areas. You'll be pink tomorrow, probably for about three days. Wow! Thank you. So, we also externally worked on ourselves. What did you do? You had the hardest diet. I had the hardest external treatment. I did the threading. Did you notice a difference? I noticed a difference. I think now they say, you'll notice a difference in another three months. I think you look amazing. - I thought you looked amazing before, too. - Thank you. But you look completely like yourself. - Your skin looks beautiful. - What did you do? I did an acupuncture facial. I got off the easiest because my treatment was... In every way possible. Essentially, I almost fell asleep. It was deeply relaxing. And you? - I did the PRP facial. - I thought you looked... I thought I looked, yeah... - Pretty, like, rosy and vibrant. - It was good. My, uh, baby daddy was like, "You look five years younger." I think they're Band-Aids, right? - They're very similar to drugs. - Right. I think, uh, the effort would be better to be in rejuvenation of the entire system, which is gonna include the face. We actually find that the biological age - is correlated with your facial age, so... - Interesting. If you can make yourself younger on the inside, you're probably gonna look younger as well. What are we on? I'm on day three. I'm at the end of the day. Hmm. You just had dinner. I just had dinner, which I was so hungry for, that I forgot to film it. You had 500 calories today. I think so. So, how many days do you have left? Like, two more days. - You got it, - I think tomorrow I have more food. - Let me go get the thing. - All right. - Let's look. - Okay. Hi, Daffo. Okay, so my whole food, every day comes in a box like this. Gorgeous. So, tomorrow I have... Ooh. I have this nut bar in the morning, which is really good. And I get a dessert tomorrow... - Yes! - ...which I didn't get today. Now, for the really decadent part, four bags of tea! Yay! Oh, my God, my mouth is literally watering. I have really perfected my strawberry-banana vegan ice cream recipe. Put a little granola on at the end. It's beautiful. - More? - Yeah. - Yummy? - Yeah. Yeah! It's delicious. Not bad. Who needs dairy? Second to last night before the end of this challenge. I'm having some veggie chili. Not that excited about it. I'm feeling a little depleted. I think 'cause everyone in my house is sick. And I'm weirdly feeling like I need meat, also because I have my period. Um... So, I'm just feeling like... all right, maybe I need a little more sustenance. A little more protein. Well, it's day five. And I'm dying, and I'm hangry. The fifth day today I actually kind of feel... the worst. It's weird, 'cause yesterday I had felt, like, kind of amazing. Today, so far this morning, I'm feeling like I might... fall down. Um, but I'm gonna see it through. Okay, so after we each kind of went through an experiment. - What is our biological age? - Yes. Are we allowed to know? Who wants to know first? - Go in the same order. - Okay. So, Wendy, you actually did not decrease. - Oh! - You stayed almost exactly the same. - Okay. - Elise, your finishing was 36.8. - Oh, that's great. - So, you lost about a year. That's amazing. And you thought you were not going to win. Well... And Gwyneth lost the most. Um, so, you started at 44.2, and you went to 42.5. - Wow! - You lost one and three quarter years. That's so great! That's so cool. It's funny, I've done a million different crazy fasts. I've tried everything, but this one was pretty incredible. I mean, I had a really amazing experience doing it. You can throw vegan out the window.. No, you just need to add fish. You just need to eat how I ate. - Yeah? - Yeah. So the vegan diet, um, is definitely a very good diet. But very difficult to maintain a normal intake of proteins, so it's not that surprising. You get lots of good and lots of bad. In the end, they cancel each other out. Now when you go to the pescatarian, you're starting to see all the good and very little of the bad. So, it's very good to start with that with the fast-mimicking periods. The idea is to do it maybe, you know, three times a year. Is five days really the max that you can do? Well, yes. I mean, if you go longer, then you start seeing the problems. And also you see, eventually, the slowing down of metabolism, and that slow down can last even when you return to normal diet. - And you don't want that. So we see that. - No, we don't want that. Other than diet, what would you say is the second most important? Is it sleep, is it stress? It's everything you kind of know. - Right. - Don't smoke, exercise, get sleep, and it seems like genetics plays a little bit of a role in it, so, you know. It's like you say, the tenants of wellness are typically free. - Yeah. - It's true. - But I think exercise is as important. - Yeah, absolutely. The data suggests about 150 minutes a week, of which maybe 10% should be fairly strenuous. - That seems to be ideal. - I do more than that. Paying attention to not doing damage to yourself if you want to be healthy. So, I think that we really need to start teaching this in medical schools and have doctors that are trained in health span, and what I call "youth span." We keep somebody young as long as possible, and after that, you keep this person healthy as long as possible. - Yeah. - That is so cool. But, Valter, we need to have a soup discussion. Well, you know, there's certainly room for improvement. If I could make my own soup, I would do that, like, four times a year. So, you can go back to your french fries. Oh, I'm back to my french fries. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 