The Goop Lab: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Goop Lab 
 s1e6 - Are You Intuit? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Goop Lab (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Are You Intuit? - full transcript 
 Everyone is psychic, asserts medium Laura Lynne Jackson, who gives a powerful, unexpected reading and invites the goop gang to open up energetically. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When I started goop in 2008, I was like, "My calling is something else besides, you know, making out with Matt Damon on screen or whatever." And now it's this modern lifestyle brand. To me, it's all laddering up to one thing, which is optimization of self. Like, we're here one time, one life... like, how can we really, like, milk the shit out of this? You have a hundred needles in your face, Elise. Just another day at the office. The opportunity that we have with the goop lab is that, as a company, we can go out in different groups 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and go on a much deeper dive into some of these topics that our readers are curious about. This is gonna be my first experience - with mushrooms. - Oh! You have to let go of your ego. So what happens in a workshop? Everyone gets off. What the fuck are you doing to people? We get to explore, like, is this real? Do we feel better? And grapple with some topics that are hard and embarrassing or shameful. Isn't that beautiful? Relax. That was, like, next level shit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, are you guys ready to go out in the field - and make a ruckus? - Yeah. You can handle it, right? Once you become aware of your own energy and that everything around us is energy, you can start to do exercises and activity that help open you up energetically. When you open to all these abilities, mediumship happens. Was there just something with your car, getting a new car? - Yeah. - Okay. That's... You're psychic, you're an intuitive, you're a medium. We all are. I could feel a vibration almost in my jaw. I kept hearing, like, "M" popping up. Oh, my God. This freaks me out. I know you're laughing already. To me this whole... this whole medium, psychic world is very much like Santa Claus. This whole group of people are being categorized as unethical and fraudulent. Ideas are laughed at before they're accepted, right? The world's flat, not round. So, there's always this moment of society being resistant to understanding it. If we take a piece of paper, we're on this side, they're right here. They're right here with us all the time. It's so nice that you guys are here. Thanks so much for having us. - This is gonna be a good one. - Mm-hmm. Feel free to let us know any messages from our deceased as we sit here. So, Laura, we know you well. You've probed both of our worlds on the other side. - Yes, yes. - What is the difference between mediums and psychics? Being a psychic means that I read energy and being a medium means that I can connect with the consciousness of people who have left their physical bodies and crossed to the other side. I had had one experience with a medium before, and just... it hadn't resonated, and I think I'm skeptical. I'm like, "This is Google-able, this is Google-able." You know? Right, you're famous, which is complicating. Right, so it really complicates, 'cause you can find out pretty much anything about me. But when I sat down with Laura, she was saying things that are not Google-able. And she knew something that my husband didn't even know. And then I really thought, "Wow, this is real." Oh, yes. And, Julie, your research is fascinating. Thank you. Why is it so important? What happens when we die is that affects every single person. Yeah. And there's a lot of anecdotal evidence that mediumship readings help with grief. That's certainly been my case. So there's tens, if not hundreds, if not thousands, if not millions of people in the US, at least, who have these experiences of communication with the deceased and share their messages that they receive with others. And so, as a scientist, I thought, "There's something to this. And our science really needs to take a look at this." So I know you read goop staffers. The first was Caitlin. - Mm-hmm. - Oh, what happened? So I'm just going to be quiet for one moment. - Okay. - We'll see what they have to say. Okay. Okay, I do have a female figure coming in on my upper right hand screen. So that's Mom's side of the family, it feels very motherly to me. I'm trying to pull that through a little bit more. Um... - Don't feed me. - Yeah. - Sorry. Sorry. - Don't feed the medium. - I'm trying... - Don't give me anything. It's my job to work hard to figure this out, - is how I want to say it. - Totally. You know, like, that's how I get it. But I'm hearing what sounds like an E-L, - or an "L" sounding name to me. - Mm-hmm. - Is that tied to Mom? - Mm-hmm. Okay. It's like I want to hug you and be like, "Baby, baby, I'm okay, I'm okay." This is... she got you here, and she's so thankful that you're being so brave to be here. Do you have artwork from your mom? - Mm-hmm. - Like, the real message I want to say, it's like when you walk in your home, it's like, boom, you see it right away. - Do you understand? - Yeah. That's... And the way she's saying it to me is like, "That's my presence in your life. I am right there every day, honey, like this. I've had readings before, so I didn't anticipate getting so emotional. I'm also hearing "Happy Birthday." Is there a birthday coming up in the family? - Hers. - Okay, all right. - It's tomorrow. - Okay. But some of the stuff she said was really specific, so it was pretty intense. So, how does the information come to you? In order to do the work that I do, I kind of have to forget that I exist, in a way, and surrender. So it's this clearing process that I just become this vessel for information to come through, and then I get information on this screen that goes on in my mind. And it will first appear as a point of light. So, I'll have a general idea of who I'm speaking with. Your grandmother just steps through, too. They're happy to be reunited, is how I have to say it, and they both come through so loving to you. Anybody on the sitter's mother's side of the family is supposed to come in on my upper right. Anybody on the sitter's father's side comes on my lower right, and then any extended family or friend or friend of family comes in my middle. Okay, I don't mean to get too personal here but she does show me two children for you, waiting. That's how I want to say it. I guess it's only fair that your mother can nag you about having kids from someplace in the world. From the other side, which is really right here. She tells me that she came here as your mom, but you were the more evolved soul that taught her so many lessons about love. I need to say it that way. And she's thanking you for agreeing to be her daughter. That's how I have to say it. If you ask for signs and messages, like, really specific concrete ones from the other side, you will get them. You don't need a psychic medium to prove it to you. So wait, are we all psychic? We can all do this, and I think we all start out intuitive and we develop our psychic abilities. And my sense of it is, as the more you open and the more you develop, it's almost like the higher you're able to perceive or the louder your volume switch is, and that kind of highest level or that highest energy is being able to perceive consciousness in spirit form and be a receptor of that. Wow. I am so excited for us to all explore energy today. Okay. How many of you have ever felt someone staring at you and turned and were like, "Oh, there's that person"? Okay, that's a sense of directing energy at somebody. Energy is real, and there can be a positive energy exchange and a negative one. Now we're about to play around a little bit with directing energy at one another. I'm here to take Laura Lynne Jackson's workshop. I've worked with a lot of intuitives and healers for the site at goop. And she's one of the best mediums in the world, so it's very cool. One person will be in the center of the circle, and we will strike whatever pose we feel pulled to to purposely beam unconditional love to the person in the center. Intuition is a mystery to me. I'm feeling pretty open-minded about it, but a little unsure of what the outcome's gonna be. The person in the center is just gonna be the receiver. I'm here today because I've always dabbled in the medium curiosity, if you will. I think it's totally real, something that you can explore, and I wanted to touch on it and see what it was all about. And I'm sure some of you are already hearing that rational part of your brain saying, "Energy, what? None of this stuff's gonna work!" Just trust it and be open and see what you experience, 'cause you really might surprise yourself. Who would like to volunteer to be the first one to be beamed? Ana should do it. I think it should be Ana, too. Yeah. - Let's attack her with energy. - Let's beam you, girl. - Let's do it. - For real? - "Beam me up." - I'll beam you up, Ana. I don't really believe in mediums or psychics. Either I'm ignorant and I've never been, like, educated enough on it... I'm, like, about to be tarred and feathered right now. ...or it's just something that people want to believe in because it makes them happy and feel good. All right, so everybody get ready and beam. Okay, and you can drop your hands. Did you feel a receiving of energy? As soon as I stepped in the middle and everyone put their hands up, I felt supported. I literally felt like I was holding you up. It was really weird. - Levitating you. - Me too. Because I could feel... I felt like we were lifting her up. Yeah, I felt like, I was like, "Am I, like, off the ground?" Behind my eyelids, it got brighter and brighter and brighter. I just felt, like, a sense of peacefulness. The energy I felt was above me. I also felt like I was standing on almost, like, a hilltop. When you're in the center of the circle and you feel everyone sending their energy to you, it's just a very loving presence to have all that non-judgmental attention put on you. I don't know, I feel some sort of, like, guilt for not feeling any of these ways. I'm being honest. I just don't feel... I don't feel like I can sympathize with anything anybody said. So, our work is gonna try to get you to feel something and that's really it, you know? And that's okay. You can start from a place where you're like, "I've got nothing. I don't know what these other people are talking about. How do you feel this?" That can be a totally great place to start from. All I ask of you today is to just be open to trying. The whole concept of psychic mediumship and intuition is unproven, so it feels silly to believe in it. Can we prove anything? I've developed a quintuple blind protocol, so it's five levels of blinding. So there's five people involved. and they're all blinded to different pieces of information, so there can't be any sensory leakage. We'd call you "the sitter," the living person wanting to hear from. So the medium doesn't know anything about the sitter or the deceased person. They have no prior information. No visual of the person? No. When the reading takes place, it's the medium and me on the phone and all either of us have is the first name of a deceased person. And then we do that twice and then we give you, the sitter, both readings. One is for somebody else's deceased person, so you're blinded to which one is yours when you do the scoring. - Oh, that's pretty cool. - Hmm. There's no way anyone can, um, leak... - unintentionally sensory information. - Right. And then it needs to be exceptionally accurate for the person who's passed that she knows and exceptionally inaccurate for the person not connected to her? Right. Presumably, there are people who maybe aren't as good at it, I'm not going to say fraudulent, but the way in any profession there are people who are... - It's unregulated. - Right. - Yeah. - You know I'm always saying, sign me up for whatever research you want. I'm game. I want to bring these messages through, and I want people to help understand this. Using this quintuple blind protocol, we have shown that mediums can report accurate and specific information about deceased people when they aren't using fraud. They aren't using cold reading or Googling someone beforehand. So we can show that certain mediums - can do that, statistically speaking. - That's so crazy. I feel like the quality of your readings is so interesting, too, because it's not cold hard facts. It's like inside jokes, random stories... Yeah. - Minutiae. - Which is why other people can't gauge whether you got a good reading or not. We often get people saying, "You should release the transcripts of the readings." That's like releasing transcripts of your therapy, like, someone else can't decide. The only person that can decide if it was a good reading is the sitter, for who the messages were for. - Totally. - Yeah. So what else do you teach? What did you take them through? We did some activities to help open up what I call "the four clairs." We started on doing some exercises to feel their own energy. This kind of aura field around us. And so we started by drawing the colors we saw. - That's nuts. - So amazing. That went into more like a yellow tone around her shoulders. That's cool. And her whole lower body was pink as well. And then we worked with clairvoyance, which is "clear-seeing," and it's, you know, your mind's eye, looking without looking. Oh, wow! You are going to try to see what is under this, without seeing it. Everybody is like, "You're crazy. I can't do this, that's not a real thing." And I'm like, "Trust it and try it." - Whoa! - So weird. Another activity we did is something called psychometry. The idea there is that every single object holds energy. Yeah. By holding an object, we can kind of tune into the energy of it, to use that as almost this cord or link to the information that's there. And we had some extraordinary experiences happen. So cool. Psychic ability is reading energy. We've been doing that all day. We're doing it now. Mediumship is receiving information from consciousness that is no longer attached to a physical body, that has left the physical body. I'm going to ask you to open up and use your entire psychic toolbox here... "the four clairs." You and your partner will swap objects. You could just hold it because what you're doing is you're reading energy. And I want you to record any impressions you get from that. Clairsentience is "clear feeling," and that's the on that we're really embracing when we try to feel energy of an object. Now some of our volume switches are probably at one, and some are at ten, and with time and practice, you can learn how to turn that up and down. So you're gonna try to feel anything and everything you can from this object. When you open up all these abilities, what happens sometimes is that you reach such an highly open state that mediumship happens. Okay, who wants to go first? I'll volunteer. Okay, what object did you get? Nate gave me a photo. What was the photograph of? Let's see it. It's me and my grandfather. Okay, but we might not know that's you. It's an elderly gentleman with a little kid standing on a table. Okay. Do you know anything about his grandfather? His name, his personality, anything like that prior to seeing the picture? I don't know anything about Nate's family besides his daughter. Let's see what you got. Okay. So I said that he was a loving man. Um, I don't know why I wrote this, but I wrote that he might have loved chicken. Um... Is it, like, possible just to not have this superpower? It's possible to be very much stuck in your frontal lobe and to be so distanced from it that you feel like, "I can't possibly have this and this isn't real in the world." - Unless you have your own experiences... - But everybody can't have this, right? We're all born hardwired to each other and the other side. This is a gift that belongs to all of us, but some of us train ourselves so much out of it that we don't honor it, we don't engage in it. So just stay open to it. - It's great to... - I'm open, I'm just waiting... I'm waiting for the superpower. - That's why I'm here, yeah. - And honestly, I would say for you, don't buy into it until you have your own experience, and it becomes your truth, and then you're like, "All right, I surrender, I have to own this now." And until you do, don't. I get really scared of my, uh, intuition sometimes. Before I had children, I was much more comfortable with it, and then my "mother psychosis" feels sometimes like a premonition, and it's so terrifying to me. I've been like, "Oh, my God, this is a premonition, something bad's gonna happen." I have a way to help with that, because I'm in the same boat as you. I have three children and believe me, I do get psychic things for them, but what I have learned is when I get information intuitively for family members, for my kids, for my role in the world helping others, it come through with absolutely - no emotion attached. - Right. But if it's fear, then it's your imagination, right? - Then you're projecting it in. - Right. Can you share what you got? - Yeah, so I don't know why... - What the object was... It's this awesome dog. For some reason, I feel like this was given to you for a birthday, but it wasn't supposed to be super sentimental, but that it, like, became sentimental from losing what you lost, which I don't know exactly what that is. Um, and it also felt like a very sisterly relationship, and it was something that was, like, totally sudden and unavoidable. Uh, you know, your loss, it felt very like, kind of like, "What?" Like, very out of left field. And something with an "M." I don't know. I kept hearing, like, "M" popping up. So I don't know if that's, like, a name, or a city, or, like, something with an "M." And I pictured someone in their, like, 20s, and there was something to me, like, either breathing or allergies or something, like along, like, a... I don't know. Some allergy for some reason? What's interesting, this picture you're tying to some loss that happened that you're saying was sudden and unavoidable and all of this. And you've tied it to this picture. That's interesting. You got a picture, and yet you tied it to an event and a relationship and so that's very interesting. So can you share? - So the "M," that dog's name is Muffin. - Hmm. That's her name. Um... Why, there is, like, the sister. My brother, who passed away, gave that to my sister. And then you're saying, like, you know, unavoidable or life happening, and, like, sudden. Those are all things that describe his passing. I don't spend time with any of these people at work, barely any time. I see maybe a few of them in meetings, Kelly, I've maybe been in two meetings with her. And he did paint that, he was in his 20-somethings... - Did I say that, too? - Yeah, he was in his 20s. Um, and it wasn't supposed to be a serious gift. It was just, like, a gift to her - because she loves the dog so much. - Right. Oh, my God. I was like, "Wow," like, physically taken aback. I mean, Miss Medium over there. Congratulations, Kelly, you are a medium. Wow! Kelly mentioned allergy was one of the first things. And the story behind that is my brother was allergic to dogs and cat fur so we couldn't get a dog for the longest time until we adopted schnauzers. Those are hypoallergenic dogs. So I forgot about that, but that was spot on. It's a little mind-boggling, right? 'Cause it doesn't fit our paradigm of like, "Wait a minute..." Here's this tangible... Like, how does this make sense? And yet, you can't deny that. It's obviously emotional 'cause it's like, who says that? - Right. - So, that's a little weird. I don't think there was one thing on your list that didn't apply. You know, the shocking element, of course, is a bit of that kind of, like, "Oh, shit, did I just, like, tap something?" And then having Dwi validate that, I thought was, like, insane. You know, it's always so amazing to watch that process and to watch someone discover for the first time that they have this ability themselves, because we all do. But I've found people who deny psychic abilities, mediumship, "That's got to all be, you know, fraudulent..." The truth is, this is real. You know, here's the thing about me. If I didn't have all these abilities, if I wasn't a psychic medium, I think I'd really struggle believing in it. And that's why I want everybody to just experience on his or her own. We don't just accept something. Come up with a question or explore an idea and see where it leads you. And so I was doing a reading for Ana. - Oh, really? - Yes, and she is a little, um... - Skeptical. - Yes. - I'm very excited to read for you. - Excited. To me this whole... this whole medium, psychic world is very much like Santa Claus. I get it. It sounds too good to be true, right? Like, "Oh, death isn't real in the sense of your consciousness is still there, and they watch over us and love us..." But that's the truth. Just because something sounds so fairytale-like and so beautiful, doesn't mean it's not true. Okay. First thing I want to say is there... Are there twins in the family, or, like, a Gemini birthday? What is that, June? No. I keep seeing, like, two back to back. - It's very... - Back to back... Like, I feel like I want to talk about twins. Hmm. I'm trying to think. No. Okay, I'm going to tell them to come back to me with that in another way later... - Okay. - ...if that's important, okay? I do feel like a female figure coming in on Mom's side of the family, but I'm like a generation up. Is there an aunt there that's crossed or a great aunt for you? It's like one over. On my mom's side of the family? Well, it's my upper right, which is usually reserved for mom's side. - That has passed? - Yes, on the other side. I have a female figure coming in, and I feel like it's your grandmother's sister. That's how I want to say it. My grandmother didn't have a sister. I've had very few experiences with mediums and psychics, and I just... I've never had one where I felt like personally connected. Your reading's interesting, too, because I feel like people are just, like, coming in who aren't even that connected to you. - Who I feel like I don't even know. - Yeah, yeah. It's one of those things when you're proving something that seems, like, outlandish and crazy, you have to be spot on, and you have to do it right if you want to prove your point. Okay, so it's kind of interesting to me. Um... I do feel like on Dad's side of the family, grandfather figure there... - Mm-hmm. - ...that I want to talk about. Who in the family crossed very quickly? I feel like a snap crossing, like... "I'm glad I went this way." Like, if you can't place it, don't tell me. I'm getting my snapping of fingers. I feel like it was my grandfather who passed quickly. - The one we're talking about? - Mm-hmm. Okay, 'cause I get this, like... I was hoping that she'd be able to, like, say things that were totally me or totally my situation, so then I could be like, "Oh, okay, this is crazy, this is real, this is whatever it is," but I didn't feel that way at all. Even like some things that I was like, "Maybe..." I felt were a little far-fetched. Is there, like, a funny story or a picture about a donkey or is there something with Shrek? - Mnh-mnh. - I'm seeing... Is there anything with, like, a trip to Mexico? This is my "psychic charade" part, and I'm seeing, like, a donkey, and I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say about it. - I'm going to tell him... - I don't know. ...to come back to me with it in another way later. Hey, Laura, this is really strange... I think you're actually reading Lindsay right now. That can happen. - This is the problem with... - Yeah, that's what I figured. So, those first people who came in were yours, right? Yeah, my grandma's a twin. - Yeah, I was like, "There are no twins..." - I'm like, "Who are these people? 'Cause they're not hers, but they're blasting in." So this is what happens when I'm open and they're determined. And my grandfather passed away last week, and I'm getting married in Mexico next year... Oh, my God. I have chills right now. He loves you so much, he needed to get that message to you. - Okay. That's crazy. - That's what happens, you know. And I love that it got delivered. My father was just joking that he really wanted for the photo booth at our wedding in Mexico to have a donkey... - Stop it right now. - Oh, my God. Yeah, and my grandpa laughed about it in the hospital days before he passed. - That is so funny. I love this. - Wow. I was behind the camera, taking notes, doing my job, and I looked at my senior producer and my executive producer, and I was like kind of tearing up and freaking out and was like, "Oh, my God, she's reading me while she was reading Ana." And everybody was kind of like, "It's a coincidence." And then once the Mexico thing happened, I was like, "Okay, that's me." I mean, it's hard not to be a believer when all of these things happen. You did exactly the right thing because you're never supposed to try and make it fit or claim it if it's not yours, you know. But it's always my job just to deliver the messages, but sometimes I don't even know. But it's interesting, too, when there are a lot of people around, that will happen. That's so crazy. Science is just a tool. It's just one way of knowing, and intuition is a way of knowing, but these sort of fringe areas that go against accepted mainstream scientific paradigm, which is consciousness dies with the body," there aren't grants to look at that kind of stuff. It's really difficult, and that's really unfair that whole group of people are being categorized as unethical and fraudulent. Right. I've been accused of horrible things, and I think ultimately, we have to honor our own truths and our own purposes. That's been a journey for my soul, is to trust in that and own that, no matter what. I don't feel like I'm closed off from it. You can question as much as you want, but then also, at some point, you have to be open to change or new ideas or being educated. I get why people would be skeptics and cynics. It's bizarre. But I don't think there's any harm into feeling more connected to my mother. The truth that I have come to know is that consciousness exists outside of bodily death, and our lives all intertwine and interconnect in ways that are so profound and so beautiful that we can't even imagine. This is a truth I want everyone to know and embrace. I think we are all a lot more in tune with one another than we think we are. It's amazing how we can connect with each other if we just put in a little more intention and effort. My last question is... who is gonna be president in 2020? I know. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 