Payday: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Payday 
 s1e6 - Fort McMurray - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Payday (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Fort McMurray - full transcript 
 A massive wildfire impacts the lives of an oil worker, a dog sledder, an exotic dancer, and a boxer in the Northern oil patch of Fort McMurray. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If you're already south and you're past the highway, then obviously keep going. If you're past where the fire was, keep going south. Holy ****! Here we are, leaving the roundabout. Getting out of town just in time. Getting the fuck out of dodge. Fort McMurray is Canada's oil town. A devastating fire forces 80,000 citizens to flee for their lives. Do not go south. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Go north at this point, then. Please, go north. Turn around at any chance you can. Oh my god... It once was a boom town, but oil prices collapsed and its economy tanked. These four people are staying through the tough times, hoping that the money will return. Oh, I love this place, man. Feeds us, we're all here for a reason. There's so many jobs and you're gonna make so much money here. Not happening like that anymore. So my dogs are my life, but I worry about money, all the time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When I quit work, I was making 35 bucks an hour, but I had like barely any time to train. You know, I want to win this fight more than anything. One city, four people, and where they live is a key part of who they are. * I found a place to sell my name * * Along the market's promenade * High prices * * Going down * Oh the rice is burning brown * And high prices * Going down * Fort McMurray sits in northern Canada, 500 miles south of the Arctic Circle. It's surrounded by nothing but thousands of square miles of trees and frozen oily sand. When the price of oil is high, those oil sands turn to money, and new workers arrive in a constant flow. On a slow day, it still ships a million barrels of oil a day to the States. Here, the pickup truck is king, and a starting trade job can earn you over $100,000 a year. But its remoteness means housing and food cost a fortune. In 2009, the world oil price began to drop, and the oil boom slowed. Layoffs began, and local businesses started to close. Those still here are hoping to ride out the slump. Just going out to fire up the beast. Little cold out here, so want to make sure I got a warm ass, that's for damn sure. Tony Jorge, aka TJ, is an oil worker. He came here for the long haul. I am 33 years old. I make approximately 150 to 200,000 gross, and I... I live in a trailer. Well, this is my last day at work. This is only day nine, which actually isn't that bad. Twelve-hour days are a little brutal on ya, but... Oh well, at least I get a few days off. What can I say? Work, work, and work. My name's Tony Jorge. I work out in the oil fields, and I'm on my way to work on a crisp Tuesday morning. Minus 11 out. * I've been in Fort Mac almost two years now. I have a lot of family that works up in the oil patch. They've all done well for themselves. My dad kept bugging me to come out here, and coming out here, and it - you know, there's lots of work, and I thought let's try it. You know, let's - no guts, no glory. So I flew out here and don't regret one minute of it. - What's that? - See the glow? What's the glow from? Uh, the flare stacks. You'll go down there, and some of the smells, I mean, I love 'em. Ah, you can smell the money today. We're just pulling into the plant now. Another beautiful day. Another day, another dollar. On average per week, I make 2,000, take home. I am currently looking to get a house. They're doing layoffs and not everybody's working as good hours as they would like, but everybody's surviving. Right now everyone's just gotta hang on to what they got and ride it out 'til the end. * The oil patch is male-dominated. There are over 5,000 more men in Fort Mac than women. Exotic dancer Jessica followed the money here 18 months ago. I came here in the beginning of the oil prices dropping, and I even remember my mom saying, she's like, "You better not go to Fort McMurray. The oil's dropping up there." It's not usually paycheque to paycheque, but it does depend on how much I work, right? * You can have guys that are lawyers, you can have guys that are construction workers. There's no set clientele. It still is a business transaction. My name's Jessica. My stage name is Melani Lyanna. I work full-time as a stripper, exotic dancer. * Most exotic dancers travel from city to city on a circuit. Jessica rents in town, and is the only full-time exotic dancer in Fort Mac. I started dancing when I was 19. I had friends that did it. They all had nice apartments, nice cars, nice clothes. You get to make good money and have fun. * Hey, can I get 20 loonies, please? Do you want a roll for 25? I was in a really bad relationship. Basically I just picked up my money and packed up my car with all my stuff and just left that abusive relationship. At the time, I didn't actually have enough money to get my license to dance in Edmonton, so I came to Fort McMurray 'cause they'd let me freelance without my license. * I like dancing. I really think it's empowering. You're kind of in control of the crowd for that 20 minutes or however long you're on stage for. - Hello! - Hello, how are you? - Good, how are you? - Alright. I just like the freedom, making your own hours, making your own money, kind of being in control of your own destiny, I guess, so to say. * A few years ago, a lot of disposable income floated around town. Cocaine usage was four times the national average. Blake came to Fort McMurray with his family for work 8 years ago. He recently quit his high-paying job as an auto mechanic when he got caught up in the excesses of the oil boom. Now he lives with his parents, and he owes them money. I don't think money necessarily determines whether you're happy or not. That definitely didn't make me happy. In Fort McMurray, I'm not gonna lie, I mean, there is drugs and stuff here. I mean, I'm not perfect. I've had problems with like... with like doing stuff like that. Blake hopes that boxing will give him a new focus and a source of income. As soon as I started boxing, I fell in love with it. Again! Two more, come on. One more. Move your head a little bit on the second shot. I love the competition, like, how good it feels, and have a wicked fight and win, and people are just pumped. Combo again, right away. It's like a adrenaline rush. * It's real to me, and it makes sense, I guess. Sit down on a couple body shots, hard. There you go. Move this way. Good. Nice work. I was working as a automotive mechanic. Twelve-hour days, 12 days in a row. It takes its toll on you. When I quit, I was making 35 bucks an hour. The next fight is a shot at the national team. You win westerns and you get to go to nationals. There is no backup plan, boxing's what I wanna do. It's what I love, it's my life. In Fort McMurray, the winter sun sets before 4:00pm. It's getting dark when Christina finishes her office job. Every afternoon, she then drives out of the city to feed her dog sled team by flashlight. Racing dogs is her passion. Now it's time to do the evening routine, which is feeding the dogs. So they get kibble, water, clean up poop, all the fun stuff. I'll start with Flo. Hi, Flo. You're okay. You want your supper? You already ate! Do I have savings? No. I do have debt. My investment is my dogs. Hey, Hanky. Hi, hi. Hi, Darlette! Where's your poop? I live at home. It's like treasure hunting. I work at a real estate office. I make around $40,000 a year. And I spend that, if not more, on dogs and gear. It's really important to make sure that when you have puppies, they're well socialized. Dogs shouldn't be fearful of people. They should be happy and give kisses. Thank you. There are worries about me being able to fund my sled dogs. If I don't have enough money to support my dogs, I'm going to have to find homes for them. That's one of the most stressful things about this. How are ya? Not bad, how you guys doing? Oh, not too bad. This is Centennial RV Park. This is where we live at the moment. In remote Fort McMurray, Canada, wages are high to attract oil field workers. But the costs of living is high, too. A middle class house costs about $600,000, and that's if you can find one. A housing shortage means that many well-paid workers can't find homes. It costs TJ over $1,000 a month just for a trailer hook up. This is my place here. This is lot #9. As you see, I fully enclosed it in. Framed it all, insulation, vapour barrier, bubble wrapped it so it looks like a spaceship. I bought the trailer for 3,000, and I think the appraisal I got on it was almost 11. Basically the only fees in the park are your pad fee: 1,390 a month, which includes your sewer hookup, your water, and your electricity. Back here I actually made myself a redneck urinal, as I call it. So any time that you need to go take a leak, she's free flow, bud. I hardly spend anything. The wife pretty much takes care of most of that. You know, the bills are paid and whatnot 'cause she makes enough out of her own money. This is the master. It's where all the, uh, magic happens. The kitchen. I guess you would say it's, uh, "open concept". Lots of bacon and meat and shit like that 'cause, well, it's important to make sure you eat lots of meat and shit like that. There's a lot of people in this park that make a lot more than me and still live in a trailer. * Blake's trying to make the national boxing team, and get the monthly training allowance that goes with it. He owes his parents a few thousand dollars and can't ask them for more. My parents helped me out a lot here when I quit and everything. I mean, they helped me out when I was - I was kind of in a bind, and yeah, I borrowed money off them, for sure. Well, I'm definitely gonna fix up my truck and sell it. Think I would probably get like... maybe 4 or $5,000 for it, I think. I hope. So yeah, that would definitely help out. Support from the national team is $900 a month, to help you with training and that. So yeah, that would definitely, definitely help. Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam... Put this one on the bottom and put this one top of it. It's probably been a little tough for my parents and stuff. I mean, I've been living here the last few months without... being able to really help them out very much. They know what I'm trying to do, and they know that I'm putting my heart into it. They know that I'm gonna give back. * Fort Mac had two strip clubs. With the economy depressed, now there's only one. Jessica still has to maintain her looks, so to save money, she buys hair extensions from a friend who has a home business. - Hey, how are you? - Good, good, what's up? Not much. Kind of late for your appointment. You are getting... I'm always late, what can I say? All my costumes, all my hair and my makeup, that's all out of pocket expenses. Guess what, I have for you more of your... your colour that came in. Jay! Bring the hair, okay. If you have some - a little bit of dough, what I will do is you can bring it and we just take it out, and this is all ready. Oh nice, yeah. I'll bring the other stuff, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My hair, my body, I have to try to keep really good care of yourself to be in this kind of industry. I got my boobs done in Bangkok. It ended up being $2,300 instead of 10 grand, which it would have been here. So how is work? Um, work's alright. I mean, like everything else here, it's kind of been slowing down, definitely. A lot of people have lost jobs here recently. You go to work, like, "We don't need you today." Yeah. No, I know, a lot of customers at work, they got like a layoff order that as soon as like after they go back from Christmas break, they have no work to come back to. Oh, Jesus. So I guess it's better to know before Christmas and before you spend all your money on Christmas presents and come back to no job. At least this way you kind of know first. How is it looking? Looks good. Then you can give me just a tip, it's okay. - Thank you so much. - Alright, alright. Christina makes just $40,000 a year, but spends more than that on her dogs. Dog race competition costs will push the bill even higher. Because the dogs are really strong, I have to secure the quad to my truck, or else they'll take off with the quad and without me. My sled was $5,000, lines were 640, harnesses are closer to 2,000, collars are $500 a year. And now I'll start taking out the dogs. Good girl. Dog houses are $125 each, so each dog getting one costs me almost $4,000. So in dog food alone, it would cost about 18 grand per year, just for dog food. Right now I'm training for the Canadian Challenge. This race is gonna cost between 10 and 15 grand. Hi, Flo! Are you a good girl? She's my little girl, she's my little girl. Yes, my little girl. Winnings from races don't cover the cost of competing. She'll have to fundraise it all herself through local sponsorship. It's a lot of work just to spend four days alone with her team. I'm known as the crazy dog lady. * Hey! Hey! * I attempted the Yukon Quest, which is known as the hardest dog sled race in the world. * It had to be at least four or five days into the race when I caught the Norwalk Virus. I was weak and I was dizzy, and... I was like, you know, I should pull over 'cause if I pass out, the dogs are just gonna leave me behind. 'Cause that's what they do, they've got a one-track mind. And as I was thinking that, that's all I remember, is waking up in a snow bank, crawling on the ground. I shine my light down the trail. My lead dog was sitting and staring at me like, "Don't worry, I got your back." Well, we had a really good day of training today, especially with all this fresh snow. So they deserve to eat like kings and queens tonight. In order for me to go to competitions and races, I do need to fundraise. There you go, Darlette. Fort McMurray allows me to do my dog sledding. I'm not too sure that I could do it anywhere else. Without the sponsorships, I wouldn't be able to afford... to do this. I would have - you know, I'd be broke. So everyone kind of in the industry relies on tips. They're always kind of what you're counting on to make extra money. If it's a busy night, you can make hundreds of dollars in tips. No matter how small the crowd is, the strip club gets 18 of every $30 Jessica makes. It was kind of a bit of a slower night tonight, so I made... 380 for the night. Being onstage, you want to try to make at least 500 bucks, but it's alright, I guess it is what it is. The low price of oil is killing jobs in Fort McMurray. There's less disposable income in town, and everybody feels it. I rent a room in a house. There's a couple other people that live here. Usually people rent a place in here by the week. They're usually doing shift work up in camp and have a week off, and they don't want to go home, so people just come and go from here. I pay about $1,000 a month rent here, just for a one bedroom place. Just one bedroom in a place, not even a one-bedroom place. Jessica used to be able to afford frequent trips. Look for a good vacation thing on there. I want to click on the hotel and look at it. My boyfriend's name is Skylar, and we've been together for probably eight months now. Work has been very slow for Jess in Fort Mac, and there was a point where during the summer where I needed to be financially supported, and she helped out a lot with that. I would have literally gone homeless if it wasn't for her, so... When I got here, I was looking to get a job on the mine sites where you can make big money. Those jobs just weren't hiring. At one point in time, this was a huge boom town. There's obviously gonna be a smaller percentage of people who wanna go spend on strippers and stuff like that, and... There just isn't that money in Fort McMurray anymore. Can you see what vacations they have for the third? But I don't know, like... I don't think you can go that far. Right now, for me to be happy, I'd definitely like to take a vacation, try to get away from everything. Just kind of leave all the troubles behind. Definitely I feel like that's the best kind of therapy. They don't give you the full price. I want that really nice one that we had. * You gonna go do a snow angel? With a young family, TJ wants to transition from transient worker to Fort Mac citizen. You're supposed to go backwards! Now that we both know that this is where we're gonna be staying for a while, I think it's time to actually start looking for a house. You're supposed to go backwards! Agh! Look at the war face you got. Having a kid was one of the best days of my life. I was ecstatic. That's where Tony Jr. came in, or T3, 'cause he'd be Tony the Third. Ah, first time home buyer, so it would be 5% down payment. So $500,000 house, you're looking at, what, 25,000? And I probably have 30,000 in the bank. So I'm not gonna have any problem coming up with the down payment for it. Working around his training schedule, Blake has taken a part-time night shift job so he can start to pay back his parents who have been supporting him. It's definitely a lot harder to find work now than it was a year or two years ago. I'm not sure exactly how much I'll be making, but it'll probably be around 20 bucks an hour. I wash the under carriage of site trucks and like trucks that are in the mine and stuff like that. Pretty dirty, and it's not really my dream job, but I mean, I'm thankful for any kind of work right now. I mean, I need money and I'm broke. Ideally I'd work with my trades. Hopefully I can pay my dad back right away. * Probably be laughing at me, saying that I'm gonna pay him back or whatever, but... but I am gonna pay him back, and this is definitely a start. * Still gotta find time to train and stuff, so I mean, that's definitely hard. Can't have your cake and eat it too. I mean, it'd be nice to try, I guess. Blake's job will take some financial pressure off his parents. TJ's dad is traveling to an oil camp four hours south of Fort Mac for work. I'm just gonna go shoot the shit, have a couple beers, and hang out in the trailer park. Where does he live? Right around the corner! Let's go! The old man there, he's getting ready to head up to Red Water. Lotta different companies out there, and it's supposed to be a couple year job. There's a lot of things in the oil business that you can hate, and a lot of things you can love. It's been very, very good to me, very good to my family. But right now, people ain't working. You look around this trailer park. We are lucky enough to keep working because right now, there ain't no goddamn work. None. Come on out and see the bike. This is a piece of fucking art. This is a 1973 Shovelhead, which is about as rare as fucking hen's teeth. They're sending me to go do a job, but my family is here. And when you leave, you fucking hate to leave because you lose them friends. Living up here in the fucking oil sands, it is what it is. You wanna go have a beer, or what? - Fucking right, I'm gonna piss. - The fuck's going on? Oh, my dick's about ready to fall off. You are one fucked up individ-- Holy fuck, there's a whole crew of 'em, for fuck sakes. * * * You're killing me! Guys, I'm getting drunk, and I made up a fucking tune. Beautiful. It's not always the things you have that make you happy, right? It's being around good people, good friends, you know, stuff like that. Don't kiss me! Fuck you! * With a reduced income, lake relies on the kindness of his coach, who owns the only professional gym in Fort Mac. Go, go, go. My coach is Cory Pie. He doesn't really charge me. Pretty much any time I'll call him and be like, "Hey, are you busy or whatever, do you want to train?" He'll be like, "Yep." I've known Blake for seven years, I'm pretty sure it is. Since he was like 15 years old. Turn more, Blake, turn. Angles, turn, that's it. Pivot, lots of pivot, pivot. For boxing, the most important thing is to be able to show up all the time and put the work in. That's it, keep moving, keep moving. And that's what I see that's special about Blake. If he says he's gonna be here, he's here. The fight's this weekend. The idea for the fight is I want you in the guy's face. So you should always be almost in the range of my punches, alright? Alright. There you go, right off the track. Keep working that angle, keep working that angle. It is expensive at the amateur level to train and complete, mostly 'cause we have to travel. It's Fort McMurray, we're five hours north of everybody, so we need to travel almost every time, and usually we have to stay the night. Blake's biggest goal would be to win this weekend here, coming up, which is the Western Canadian Championships, and to go to nationals. And then after that you're on the national team, right? And that's hopefully a run for the Olympics at that point. Five seconds. Time. I definitely believe Blake has what it takes to get to the national team, and this is his opportunity to bust onto the scene now and make a splash. Because of the oil slump, an average Fort McMurray house costs $100,000 less. TJ is looking at buying a house that still costs over half a million dollars. He thinks it's a bargain. All the rent prices are coming down. I think last time I heard on the news, they were saying that 40% of the rentals are vacant. It's not a bad thing. I mean, the people that decide to stay here for a living, it's great... great for us. Alright, so 539-9, that's the asking price on this one. So you do much cooking or what? Me? Do I look like a guy that cooks? When it's my night to cook, it's Burger King. Real estate is a little bit more expensive here 'cause there's not a lot of area. You know, people are making more money, but it's all in perspective. What are these going for? Uh, 699. Yeah. That actually doesn't seem too bad compared to what it... probably would have been when I first came out here. Oh yeah, yeah. The oil patch has been great to me, my family, and lots of other families. I plan on staying out here for a long time. Fort McMurray's massive real estate boom is over. Lots of sellers, few buyers. Christina's dog operation depends on her job at the realty office where her mom works. This printer's very temperamental. I would prefer not to use this machine and its attitude. I work at a real estate office called Sutton Group Fort McMurray. I do the social media, I put up signs, measurements. Ah! I got my real estate license to help my mom, because at the time the market was really, really busy. Well, how do I get out of that now? - Terry, are you printing? - No. - It just delayed then? - You did it! I didn't even hit print yet. On Friday I found out that my hours were being reduced. I now only work four days a week. I lost about $200 off each pay cheque, which makes a huge impact on what I can afford. That'll cover some of my bills, mostly dog stuff. * I have to make a decision on: do I try and find a part-time job, or do I make cutbacks at the dog lot, and try to find homes for some of the dogs? * It's a 300-mile bus ride from Fort McMurray to Edmonton. Jessica needs to work there to pay bills back in Fort Mac. The $300 trip takes a big bite out of what she's gonna make. * I'm just at the hotel. I'm just gonna go see one of my friends from Edmonton, just to go do a private dance for him. Probably make about $600 from him, and it's for an hour of a private dance. He would spend that much and more at the club anyways, so having me come do a private dance, have a couple drinks with him, he's definitely more than okay to pay that. * I wouldn't want to be dancing any later than 33 at the most for me 'cause that's when I'd be wanting to start a family. * I wouldn't mind being a stay-at-home mom, but I'd also like to go travel around and see what else is out there. * I'd like to get all the stuff I want to get done out of the way so I can put my whole effort towards my children. * The cost of coming to Edmonton was just roughly $300, but I made $600, so it's definitely worth it. * Christina's real estate job dropped from 40 to 30 hours a week. A warm winter with little snowfall has been bad news for dog sled racers as well. The dog sled race we were training for all season got canceled because of the abnormally warm temperatures. We kind of stopped our fundraising for the year just 'cause it didn't feel right asking for donations when we weren't going to any races. To help pay for some of the costs, we're doing tours. It's a good way to help pay for the dog supplies, and stuff like that. Hi, buddy! Hi! Hello! Hi! Do you want the goggles, or...? - It doesn't matter. - Either way. Do you want me to take the goggles and use the safety glasses? Sure. - You guys ready? - We're ready! Alright! A half-hour dog sled ride is $125 a person. I didn't get into dog sledding to make money off of my dogs, but if I can make money to provide things for my dogs, then that would be great. Hopefully by the summer oil prices will go up, and things can get back to normal. I'm pretty optimistic I'll get my hours back. I do believe I have a future here. Fort McMurray is my home, and I couldn't see myself anywhere else. Blake is in Vancouver to fight for a shot on the National Boxing Team. If he wins, he'll receive funding for training. The trip cost over $1,000, money he doesn't have. What's your club called? Uh, Sweet Times Boxing, in Fort McMurray Alberta. This is the first, like, big competition that I've really been in, so it's... quite a bit on the line. 63.5, thank you. So do you have any health problems that I need to know about? Ah, no. if I had all the money in the world right now, my coach would be here, he'd be here for sure. I never really fought without him before, but I mean, it'll be fine. Like, we did all the work in the gym, so I know what I gotta do, and we're ready. And representing Alberta... Bbblake... McPhee! Box! Stop! Just hesitate a little longer, and you're gonna get in a little closer, okay? Hit him and then off to the side, alright? * Good fight, man. * Tough fight. It's not that bad, but... it's frustrating though. Way she goes, I suppose. Blake will not get a shot at the national team, but TJ is optimistic that his family will finally have a real home. Here's a couple of the places that I looked at. They range from about 650,000. Pricey. It's about what I figured. The amount of houses coming up, it might be the best bet just to wait her out and keep looking and see if something comes up. Yes, dear. I could carry the $3,000 a month mortgage, if I wanted to. Whether I'm willing to, I don't know. I might sacrifice something a little bit less 'cause to be honest, I didn't want to spend that. Lovely wife got me some beers ready 'cause she knows I'm always out on a tour somewhere. So let's... let's go see what we can get into. Oh, there's a campfire going. See, now I feel like we match. I like Fort Mac, I do. I really love Fort Mac. I don't worry about buying a place in Fort McMurray, thinking that it's gonna crash or anything because it will recover. It always has. This place will never turn into a ghost town. * Two months after filming, wildfires engulf Fort McMurray. Well, here we are leaving the roundabout. Getting out of town just in time. Getting the fuck out of dodge. I can feel the heat. It forced the emergency evacuation of the entire city. 80,000 people scrambled onto a single highway to escape. Oh my god... * The fire raged for three days in May 2016, burning 2,400 houses, closing six major oil sands operations. It was so big they called it "the beast". There were no casualties, but with damage of $3.6 billion, it was the costliest natural disaster in Canadian history. No one was allowed to return to Fort McMurray for over a month. I don't even know if I want to go in there. Christina escaped with all her dogs. This is her first time back to the kennel. It doesn't look bad, but it doesn't... definitely doesn't look good. * Oh, wow. That's where the cabin was. My dogs right now are kind of scattered. The community's really helped out. I lost, you know, my cabin that we had just built, which was also full of our tools, mushing gear, harnesses, lines. I lost my Skidoo. Um... And of course, I don't... have insurance out here, and... You know, you don't realize how expensive this sport is until you have to start replacing everything. But it's just... I told myself I wasn't gonna cry. It's just really hard not to have my dogs around. * Jessica left town a month before the fire. I'm in Edmonton, Alberta right now, bartending at a gentlemen's club downtown. When I left Fort McMurray, the club was really slow at the time. My ex-boyfriend, Skylar, couldn't find a job. So it was really not feasible for me to stay in Fort McMurray anymore. It's been very stressful, but I feel that the industry that I'm in has got you to become a stronger person. I know that I'm the only that I have to depend on, so I've got to pick myself up and keep going again. During the evacuation, Blake stayed with a friend in Edmonton. Since the fire I've had four fights. I won three out of four of them. I got to train with some great fighters. When I'm 40, I'm not gonna be able to box, I'm still gonna be working though. I don't know, I feel like I'd be wasting my time if I wasn't training and getting ready to fight. TJ and his dad return home for the first time. Everything they own, including his father's beloved Harley, is destroyed. If the fire did not happen, I would have stayed in Fort McMurray for good. My dad would've stayed up there, all of us, but right now it's... it's almost willing just to pack 'er on up and, you know, go somewhere you can make half the wage and pay half the bills. You know, I can make that sacrifice, it don't bother me. Even though TJ's trailer was destroyed, his financial losses could've been greater if he had purchased a house. There's a lot, lot of... emotions. I don't know. Stop. * I can only guess what's gonna happen in the future. You know, it's just like winning the lottery: you don't know 'til you hit it, right? It's just shit luck. Fort Mac is on the mend. It always comes back. Of four people, Christina and Blake will recover, and Jessica and TJ have moved on. Chances are they'll return when the next boom hits. * Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 