Payday: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Payday 
 s1e1 - Reno - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Payday (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Reno - full transcript 
 The desert frontier town of Reno impacts the fortunes of a valet turned rapper, a funeral director, a cam girl, and the Muslim Republican County Chairman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 * Reno, Nevada's original Sin City. * Once a boomtown of gambling, sex and quickie divorces, its fortunes faced a slow decline. These four people staked out ground in Reno, each hoping to carve out a living in a resurgent frontier town. * In capitalism, you either work your ass off and get treated like crap, or you die. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Like that's pretty much the way it works. Spending my hard-earned money on having fun is what gets me through the month. You want something so bad that you're going to do whatever it takes to get there. That's just me, I guess. Make America great again. If the caucus is a shit show, that's my face at the front line. I'm getting torn down. One city, four people, and where they live is a key part of who they are. * * * 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 * Like Las Vegas, Reno was built in part by mob money, drawn to Nevada s lawlessness. But Vegas took off, and Reno didn t. It became a worn-down gambling town, with two casinos and a slot machine company standing as three of the city s top 10 employers. And during the recession, unemployment was the highest in the country at 14.5%. Fewer cities needed a second chance as much as Reno. In response, they introduced low taxes and loose regulations to help the city get on the rebound, attracting big technology companies and young entrepreneurs looking to get rich on their own terms. * Valet Alex Ficco is hoping to make rapping his full-time career. Did you need valet, sir? - Yeah, no, I already got it. Oh, you did? - They got my keys. Thanks, bro. I work on music everyday, but for my day job I do valet at one of the casinos here. Alright, you guys are all set? Thank you. Thank you. - Have a good one. You too. The job has definitely served me well. With tips, we make like 40,000 a year, which is pretty minimal compared to what I have my mind set on. * It's motivating when you see guys come in, especially young guys that have like, nice stuff like this. It's like okay, I gotta do something so I can get one of my own. How to get there is the question. * Watch your step; it's kinda tight through there. 2011, I decided I wanted to start doing music. * I've been planning a packed show * * like three up in a single cab * * Oh there's the throne, but I don't wanna be * * the king of rap * I only said that type of shit to make you bitches mad * * And quietly slide away while I * * get the shit you wish you had * I was scared in like the hip hop world that I'm not going to be accepted or liked. And then one day I was like Fuck it, I want a mullet 'cause I never had one. * * As soon as I stopped giving a fuck, I started getting more views. * It took me 4 years to get 5,000 fans and then that one little video went viral and it's taken me one year to get 100,000 more. Right now it has almost 8 million views. * In two weeks, Feeki will post a video he hopes will put him on the path to making music full-time. I think I m pretty close. A little bit of money is starting to come in, but it's just not there yet. Reno traditionally votes Democrat. The man who wants to change that is an American born son of a Pakistani immigrant. God, Marco Rubio is going to be speaking in about 15 minutes, so we're heading out at lunch. I'm gonna be late! I wanted time to talk to people before! My name is Adam Khan, and I'm a high school math teacher, and I'm also the chairman of the Washoe County Republican Party. Adam is the youngest GOP chairman in the US. His job is to increase Republican registration, and ensure that voting at the Presidential caucus runs smoothly. And though it s a volunteer job, it could jump start a paying career in politics. Hey Nick, good to see you! - Good to see you! What's up, Eric? How you doing? People are excited about the election. Our job is to make sure that when these candidates come out of rallies, we hold an effective caucus. Because if they come and get thousands of people ready, and then they get to a caucus that doesn't, you know, it has long lines and is disorganized, then we've let the candidates down, we've let down the voters of Nevada. All going well? I'll be on Anderson Cooper tonight talking about how this is going to the best caucus ever, how organized we are. Good for you. I'll watch. - So it's, it's... Yeah, 6:00pm. It's a big deal. I get a lot of political capital out of it, and it's going to help me if I decide to pursue any other career in politics, and I will be getting paid for it. Adam has to make time to connect with every Republican presidential nominee that comes to town. Marco! Marco! Marco! We are blessed to be citizens of the greatest nation in the history of all mankind, where what your parents did for a living doesn't determine how far you get to go. It's difficult to be a Republican and have the last name Khan. It'd be much easier for me to, you know, become a democrat. I love gay people, I think drugs should be legalized, I'm very pro-immigration. But... I'm Republican because when you work hard, you want to keep your money. Since the 1850 s, Nevada has pushed the limits of the sex industry. Espi has found her own way to make money in that line of work. So today my makeup is green because I'm going into the forest as an elf. So camera, tripod. I would describe myself as a very introverted person, very shy, very geeky, but when I come out on camera, I'm more alive and outgoing. Can you put this in there for me, please? I get to be the pack mule. Ever since big tech companies have opened offices in Reno, rent has increased much faster than the National average. Espi and her boyfriend Anthony struggle to keep up, and owning a car is out of the question. It s a long trek to the woods to shoot Espi s fantasy porn. * I need you to watch the... hiking trail. I know; I m going to try to block off some paths. What do you mean? - Move some sticks around. I ve been doing internet porn since I was 18. Well my favourite part about the job is like, I get to dress up in costumes, I get to take pretty pictures, which is something I ve always wanted to do. Cause I ve wanted to be a model since I was a kid. But I have a lot of tattoos and stuff and I never thought I d be able to do like mainstream modeling. I would say it s sort of a niche market, you know there s the blonde bombshell, there s the redheaded girl, there s the alternative girls with tattoos like me. People come to me because they like the geeky girl in the costume from the video game they like. My job is basically lookout and body guard. I just shot like this 10 picture photo set, threw it up on Tumblr and said, "Does anyone want to buy this?" And then a lot of people wanted to buy it, and were really interested in it. Started masturbating, and that was what really got people interested in me. * Porn cam sites generate an estimated 1 billion dollars a year in America. Espi wants a piece of that and is planning to host a live webcam session for the first time. It's only two weeks away. I ve been thinking about doing webcams for like a year now. And the reason I haven t is, you know, that social anxiety I have. I hear voices! Yeah? - Hey, guys. How's it going? - Hi! We're kind of shooting a film over here. We'll go this way. - I appreciate that. Yeah, please don't! Being in front of people live, I feel like will be a lot different than just selling my, you know, videos online. Hopefully I'll increase my revenue, but it really depends on what happens. There are 16 funeral homes here competing for business, with the average cost of a funeral running $8,000. Ken is the youngest funeral director in the state. It's lovely to meet you folks. I'm just sorry it has to be under these circumstances. Which date did he pass away? Was it on Saturday? On the 18th. My name is Ken. I'm 24 years old. I was only 19 years old when I was licensed as a funeral director here in the state of Nevada. Where did his birth take place? I was actually brought into this field by my mother-in-law, and I really took the job due to the extreme domestic pressures of starting a family. I was a punk rocker in high school, out all night partying with my friends and the like. And that was prior to... of course, growing up, for lack of a better term. I've really settled into a comfortable groove of normalcy. Perfect, alright. Genevieve, would you proof this as well? If you've got the availability? Or should I give it to Jason? No. I got it. Alright. Look, they had like a diagram of the pallbearers drawn out, so... they've covered the angles, yeah. Making a living in this industry is very taxing emotionally. And when we're really busy at work, it's a great thing for job security, but it's terrible for all of our clients. * I will just come out here just to relax for a moment, breathe in and breathe out. And then I m feeling better of course, and go handle all the stress up front. * The only thing that makes me happy in my life is paying my bills, and then having enough left over to eat. Money is absolutely essential for both of those. So from my standpoint, my goodness, money does equal happiness. * If there was one thing that I could spend an unlimited amount of money on, I'd buy a pirate ship and leave the terra firma. * Me and all my family members have Jolly Roger tattoos. * It could have an engine on it, but I would like to... you know, something that's quiet. * The University in Reno is the city s second largest employer. 20,000 students go there because it provides a top-tier education with a lower cost of living than any school in neighbouring California. That s what brought Espi here from Sacramento. The biggest misconception about this city is that everyone here is only here to gamble and leave. Most people don't know there's even a college here. I didn't. I didn't know until the pamphlet came in the mail when I was in high school. I go to school full time. Manuel is arriving tomorrow. I ll remind you he's a super nice guy, but one of the things that we need to talk about today is this book, and try to come up with some questions to ask him. I love writing speculative fictions like horror, fantasy, stuff like that. I like to be more in the fantasy world. We'll start with like, dislike, and then move in from there. Do you like this, is this up your alley? I was in the school newspaper about my sex work job, and I'm pretty sure pretty much everyone saw it. I actually would lead that I like this better because it's got a more - I feel like Karen Russel's weren't as playful... I don t know what the people at school think about me! I mean, I don't ask them, and I don't really care because I don't care about their opinions. I definitely judge books by covers. Well, as you should. I have loans that are like $30,000 in total. * 6 months after you graduate is when you start paying like monthly increments. Every month I feel like there's just not enough. Once we ve paid for all our bills and everything, we re like - we have like no money left. * * Okay, that's enough for me. I can't be playing this music going into the Donald Trump rally. They already have rumours! There were some people that, you know, had concessions about me being in charge. A lot of people I've heard, they thought maybe I was a plant by the Democratic Party to destroy our party. The nickname that some people have for me is Saddam Khan, so I... You know, I was like, it's clever. At least it rhymes. It's better than some of the other things I've been called. So it's just some people's way of, you know... They were raised differently than I was. Adam s come to the rally to represent the Washoe County Republican Party. As I'm looking around, I notice... That no one there looks like me. And people are looking at me too, 'cause a lot of them saw me on CNN saying that, you know, Donald Trump has a rudimentary knowledge of the constitution. If he wins the nomination, I don t think I can do my job as the chairman of the party. I just can t represent a party whose leader spews hate every time he has a chance. Ladies and gentlemen... Please welcome the next President of the United States, Mr. Donald Trump. At 5:30 today, you know where you're gonna be, right? Watch out for dishonest stuff, because I'll tell you what; a lot of dishonesty with this. You just gotta be careful. They have paper ballots; they have the whole deal going. Paper ballots, right? So just watch out. If you see anything, let us know about it. Make America great again. We're gonna make it great again. Just so you know, there's an assault on the Second Amendment, and there's an assault on Christianity, folks. Just believe me. Out of control. That's ridiculous. I wonder if this guy was there today? "Your ticket to Gitmo has just been issued. There you'll receive some nice torture treatment. Fucking terrorist!" Gosh, if I m a terrorist... I wonder what they call Donald Trump. If being a Republican and having a Muslim family and having the last name Khan is going to hurt me financially, I'll have to deal with it when I get there. Yeah... - JP says cross fade it. But yeah, just keep it like... perfect. * Perfect. Reno's produced a handful of musicians. Some rock, but mostly country. Feeki is the first white rapper from the city to break out nationally, and he thinks that being unique is what gives him a shot at making a living in music. Feeki is Reno's own self-proclaimed redneck rapper. That's like the... part I need the least work on. Regular content is important. We're gonna do a little live video today. So right when I say "You don't wanna know me, you gonna see me blow/ Because these people on my right filming a TV show," and then back to here. These live videos on Facebook have done way more for me than anything else. That gets me thousands of fans. Ready. And then I have a greater reach to start with. That's the whole plan pretty much. * Darn it, the haters got me mortified * * I really care about swagging and looking sort of fly * * Someone's mama saw me, got her feeling horrified * * I hope she didn't slip and break her hip, she born in '45 * * Oh now I get it, it's 'cause I am a white dude * * Some people never will be better, test their IQ * Today, it's really all about how many followers you have. That's potential customers of my music in the future, my merch in the future, my shows in the future. * You don't wanna know me, you gonna see me blow * * Because these people on my right filming a TV show * * Face swapped with Hillary and all they did was laugh * * Then I did that shit with Trump, * * everybody getting mad Good? - Let's find out. I focus on being a better rapper because I don't want to be like, "That guy fucking sucks." But I'm starting to build my brand and have my own niche, and then hopefully I can follow it up with the business practices that will get me there. That's the only time I fucked up, right there, but that's okay. - Let me see. You can't really tell. You know, I know I m not the best. I don't have to be Eminem, like the god. As long as I keep building and gaining more fans, and then I can be someone like that in today's age. * Come on, girl, you got it. * Yeah, my car is a junk heap. I'm not a very fast driver, even in fast cars. * I live with my wife, my son, and my mother and father-in-law. We split the rent right down the middle, so it helps them as well as helps us. Better figure out how it works, dude. You're going to be doing this stuff here soon. Yeah, that's right. That s what I had you for, free manual labor. Good job. My main short-term goal is to become a home owner. I want an area that's mine, and that I can bash holes in the walls. And of course you can't do those sorts of things when you rent. Ah, you had it! I don't know if it'll start. I don't know. I ve been built from defective parts ever since I was 2 months old, I've been in the hospital with gastro intestinal problems. I've got about $20,000 worth of medical debt, and that absolutely ruins my credit and disqualifies me from getting home loans. Stay alive! I try and keep my mountain of debt off my mind as much as possible. As you can imagine, it's a huge source of stress. I would say stress is probably my number one medical issue. Mountain View Mortuary, this is Ken. How can I help you? We'll get out and pick up... pick up your loved one and bring them into our care. My job entails working weekends and nights, so at any moment I could go out and have to go on a call. Lots of family functions and stuff, you know. Plans have to be altered a lot. - Yep. * That'll work perfectly for me, dear. Going out and doing the evening or weekend pickups is a very important part of my job. They pay me a flat rate of $35 for each one I do. And without the extra income, I wouldn't be able to afford my bills at the end of the month. To be comfortable, I would like to do at least seven a week, but I generally get maybe three or four a week, and that just barely gets me by. The gambling industry employs one tenth of Reno s population, directly or indirectly. Feeki is a casino valet, and has been one since high school. Right now we're headed to work. We have to wear these Aladdin costumes. And my hair is too long, so I have to put it in a ponytail and put it up in my beanie so like the bosses can't see that I have long hair. * You get your cheque from the cage, I'll cash it right there at the cage, and then take it to the ATM. * Every shift I put my first $50 into my savings account, so if I only make 70 bucks, 20 goes into chequing. If I make 120, 70 goes into chequing. I use the savings to buy things that I need for music, and then now I'll build it back up. So I have 9,000 saved right now. Last year, I think I made like $900 total from all my music and then this year I ve already made more than twice that, which still isn t enough for me to quit. I guess you just kinda do what you have to do. * As just a young man, I was subject to quite a few of my friends and family passing away. * When I was 15 and my sister was 16, we lost very good friends to us in a motorcycle accident. They passed away right in front of our eyes. * My sister's friend, she broke her neck as soon as she hit the ground. And my friend, Toast, trying to comfort him as the paramedics are... you know he's not going to make it, so... Please forgive me, that's of course a tough subject for me. Um... I feel my familiarity with death is what allows me to feel other people's pain, and really be able to perform how I know I would need if I was in that situation again. My wife is in between jobs currently, and of course, I make about $990 every two weeks, so yes, it comes in just short of what I need. Thank you, sir. Ken, he'd do anything for his family. To the point where he's stressed to the max, and you know, the only thing he can think about is making sure that the family has what they need. * That's right, yes. Mm-hmm. He operates 24/7. He may be all shy and bashful and not think that what he's doing is all that great, but if it weren't for Ken, we probably would've shut our doors two years ago, I would - I believe. * The minimum wage in Reno is 8.25 an hour. Espi and Anthony make exactly that in their regular jobs, and they would be living below the poverty line if Espi wasn t supplementing this with her part-time porn work. I live with my boyfriend Anthony. We split our bills evenly, we buy food evenly, we pretty much do everything evenly. So this is my Tumblr. I make my money in multiple ways. I do my porn, obviously. I sell photo sets online, and sometimes I sell panties. Well, I definitely sell more masturbation videos than photos. I make 450 a month in total from all my porn, but I don't make enough just from this to make a living. That's why I also have my vanilla job that I hate. My vanilla job is a non-sex work, non... non-kinky job. It's so vanilla. I work at an arcade, and I make roughly like 400 a month. But my boyfriend makes about 500 a month working at a movie theatre. I... maybe I'll have a good month and I'll bring in a little bit more than I usually do, but it's still not more than her. You know, so that goes against the convention of the guy being the breadwinner. Most of the arguments I see from people who don't like it, their language implies ownership of their significant other, and that just is kind of disgusting to me. Like, I don't know; you don't own another human being. And if it's what they want to do, why would you hinder them, you know? Adam's dad died in 2010. So now Adam has a sense of responsibility to better his family s fortunes and show support when visiting his mom. First we take the blood of all of the children who didn't listen to their mommies and daddies, and spread it evenly! You want to do it? Since my dad passed away, we were really worried that you know, we might grow apart. It's something where I ve taken upon myself to, you know, kind of like be the glue in our family. My dad always told me growing up in Pakistan, in real poverty, they didn't have anything, but they had each other. Any time I complained, my dad would always say, "Well, at least you don't have to worry about," you know, "the police coming in and taking your property away from you." So it really... any time I got, you know, ahead of myself, he'd bring me right down to Earth. * That's my dad and me as a baby. That's him bringing me home. He was a poker dealer; he didn't make a lot of money. My folks got divorced because of financial issues. My dad got a pretty bad gambling addiction, and... um... what little money that, you know, we did have, he'd gamble. That's Nadia, my sister. That's her... right there. That's her mugshot. She took it really bad when my dad passed away. She got a heroin addiction. * I... I want to make sure that I can give her extra money. Whatever I do in the future, I am going to have to take care of my sister until I die. Nevada has open carry and "Stand Your Ground" gun laws. The surrounding desert is a wide open firing range. I've got my Romanian-made AK-47. We're going to blow off some steam. Each magazine holds 30 rounds, and I only will load up about 10 or 20 into each one. That way I don't go through them quite as fast. When I go out shooting, it s a great stress reliever for me. That's all I really want to do after a long hard week's work. There s something about getting punched repeatedly in the shoulder. It really is a good rage dump for me. * Here in Nevada, we really enjoy the outdoors. And as far back as I can remember, I was out playing in the wilderness and being taught how to shoot by my father. So I would say it's always been a staple in my life. That's empty. So right now I'm going into Adam and Eve, which is a sex store. I was mostly going to look at stuff people can tip me for, for my webcam session tonight. We've got a nice leather hog tie kit, hog tie. That one just came in; it's really nice. Up until a few years ago, it was illegal to sell sex toys in Reno. But in 2009, they finally repealed the municipal code prohibiting the sale of sexual paraphernalia and business in the four sex shops has been great ever since. 30 bucks, with a free mask. I don't own anything like this, so I'm going to grab this one. I'm getting tips for using them. So pretty much I'm making the money back. Hopefully. But the lingerie is a little bit different 'cause it's not like just oh, I'm going to use this to look sexy. It's like oh, this is a really nice outfit. I m going to look pretty in it. You said you work in the industry? Yeah, I do. I'm starting webcamming tonight. Well you get a discount. - Sweet! Comes to $80.56. I plan to continue this line of work forever, as long as I can. I mean, even when I'm old, there's a niche for old people sex, so... Espi seems good to go for her web night, but Feeki is juggling demands for his own video. We got Donald Trump over here, and I get to drive a Lambo for the first time. Hi. You good? Ready? Did he teach you? Yeah, you just turn it like normal. Then you just put it in gear and go. Feeki s got $9,000 in the bank, and he s just spent half of it on production equipment. Today is his most ambitious video yet. There s no guarantee he ll make the money back. The music video, it's like a mock presidential debate and it's just to make fun of both parties and pretty much piss off as many people as we can. Hopefully they comment and get in debates on the comments, and it goes viral in that way, so... Yo, what up? - I saw your Snap. Is that what you were driving? - Yeah, I just drove it. It's so sick. I got all nervous. It was sick. My hopes is that this just blows through the roof and goes crazy, but you can't really bank on that. * * If your song becomes popular, that's where you're getting paid for sales and streams, radio play. Hopefully this video is going to be the next step. If they think it's hilarious like I do, then that's great. If they get pissed off for whatever reason, then that's great. As long as they talk about it, that's fine. * * It's always like, oh man, just one more song. This video's gonna do it. Yeah, that looks better. But it never happens like that. Self-professed Redneck rapper, Feeki, has figured out how to mix his favorite outdoor activity with his music act, and he thinks it s one of the reasons his fan base is growing. Dude, I landed. Did you see where... that one where the kid went off right next to me? So music is a big thing I spend money on, and then riding is the other thing I spend money on. I m not into social... stuff... crowds; not really into it. I like the camaraderie more at the track. * I like the small town stuff, and it fits good and it's something different for hip hop too. Just the fact that like motocross and the image and the brand are like relatable to my fans, that's how you like develop hardcore fans more than just like Oh, this is a good song. You're like Oh, I can go ride with this dude. * Like today I'll be out here, and I'll take an Instagram photo and put it up, so I think it all kind of just ties together. * So as soon as everyone gets up here, then we can go live for a few minutes. This is where we record. It's just like in an attic. We get a pretty good sound out of here though, thanks to this guy right here. - You know. He's got the opposite haircut of me. Let's do a side profile. Long in the front, short in the back. Short in the front, long in the back. We're going to drop the video in a few minutes here. Right, it's 7:00 our time. Alright, cool. "You guys are the whitest people on Earth." That's true. Oh look, there I am. It just went online. Youtube s where you can make money; you can t really make the money on Facebook because there s no monetization on the videos. If we really got a million views on YouTube that would be like a lot more subscribers for me and then of course like the money from that would be good. "Hell yeah, super sick, bro." This kid said, "Feeki, I hope you're not a Donald Trump fan," which is exactly what we wanted. So then someone responds to him, "You're an idiot." So that's perfect, so it like snowballs kind of. How's it going? Hey, what's up, man? Good to see you. Adam makes just over $39,000 a year teaching, and is aiming to leverage his volunteer GOP chairman gig into a paid political position with the Republican party. But he s struggling to get behind Donald Trump, and that may undermine his plans. If this caucus doesn't go well, you know, people are going to put all the blame on me. And you know, if I want to run for city council, I probably don't have a chance. For the presidential nomination, Nevada votes by Caucus, which is a like a primary vote, but with a public discussion. Got an hour and a half more of the caucus. So far so good. We just want to make sure that people who are maintaining to come, they get in, they go out, and they're happy with the whole process. 'Cause the worst thing you can have is an unhappy voter. We're keeping an eye on the caucus sites in Nevada this evening. Some precincts are ready to count their votes. We'll be coming to you live from Silver State all night. Stick with us, back after this quick break. I'm, you know reading Twitter, listening to, you know, people on TV. I'm getting a lot of phone calls of, you know, this was a great caucus. 33,000 people last election, and we're looking at already double that. The caucus was unbelievable. But, you know, if Donald Trump wins, I think I m going to have to reconsider being chairman. Trump wins with 45% of the vote in Nevada. Adam s goal to land a paying job in politics just got more complicated. Now we're going to get greedy for the United States. We're going to grab and grab and grab. We're going to bring in so much money, and so much everything. We're going to make America great again, folks. I'm telling you, we re going to make America great again. * Guys can tip for raffle tickets with stuff in them, or you can look at my tip list on my profile. And you can like talk to me so it's not awkward and quiet like it is right now. That'd be awesome. * They're asking if her nipples are pierced. * Hi, SW, how are you? Thank you! * So it's going awesome. There's 50 people in my room right now, and I'm like ecstatic! And I ve already made 420 tokens, which is like 25 bucks or something! And I ve only been on cam for like 15 minutes, so I'm like, "What?!" I did not think it was going to go this well! When I first started, my heart was like pounding, and I was like, "This is so weird, I feel so awkward! I'm going to make a fool out of myself!" But then as I kept going and people were talking more and I started communicating better, I just feel on top of the world right now! Oh my god! She got... She's at 570 tokens, so... $28.50. You are the worst. * Anthony just is calculating what I'm making, and he said I m almost at $50 already, and I'm not even naked yet! Webcam viewers buy tokens from the site. Espi s account gets a 50% cut. One night, one shift at my vanilla job, I make about this much money, and this is a lot more fun. I am working on one of my various electronic projects right now. I am wiring up a replica light sabre. This is a very expensive hobby, unfortunately. On average I probably spend two to three hundred dollars a month on my various hobby projects. Spending my hard earned money on having fun is what gets me through the month. Let me get that, add a little more to this backside here... I am working tonight, I'm on call. Any moment they could call me away to have to go on a pick up. Unfortunately, there has not been enough calls this week to put me where I'd like to be at. What's that, Nicolai? I don't see one. Do you want a piece of ice to hold on it? That might help. Yep, working on a new light sabre, dude. Early to bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. Or boring. - That's right, both. So you can see it's a slow going process. * Oh, I stumbled. * The video's been doing pretty good. I think it's got around 140,000 views on Facebook, and then 7,000 on YouTube. So hopefully that picks up. That was a stiff. That was the last stiff of the night. There's definitely negative motivation. It's like I want to become successful, and I'm scared of not. Oh man, what if I'm 50 years old and still doing valet? I'm going to feel bad, but at the same time, I'm going for it, all in, and I don't think many people do that anymore. Should've waited. * Seeing both wealthy people pass away and poor people pass away every day almost, I mean, it is really humbling to see that once you get to the very end you can't take money with you. * I'm very rooted in the here and now with my money. I'm willing to spend it to have a good time now, as I m not sure how much longer I'll be here. And then lift him and hand him to the gentlemen in front of you until he's all the way secure, gentlemen. So this new venture has been extremely successful. A week and a half of doing it, I've already made $1,650, which is obviously a lot more than I made before! So yeah. I quit my vanilla job when I realized how much I was making. I mean, I ask people that work vanilla jobs, if they like come at me and they're like, "Don't you feel dehumanized?" I'm like, "Don't you? You're like scrubbing a floor 8 hours a day and being treated like garbage. Don't you feel dehumanized?" * I can't wait to graduate and do this every day, and never have to worry about a stupid vanilla job ever again. Although the chairmanship didn't pay me with direct dollars, it benefited me immensely. I'm on the news all the time. People know my face. It's going to pay off a lot when I'm running for city council. If I do win, I will still be working two full-time jobs, but at least now I'll be getting paid for the second one. After Trump won the Republican nomination, Adam quit his chairmanship. He lost his bid for City Council and has since accepted a paid position for the Libertarian campaign. * Facing a fading reputation, Reno has now turned around and changed its fortune, and these four people are taking advantage of the rise. * Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 