Payday: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Payday 
 s1e4 - Baltimore - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Payday (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Baltimore - full transcript 
 Baltimore's racial divide influences the financial lives of a stunt bike rider, an illegal tattoo artist, a hookah business owner, and a photographer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Baltimore, a place with two populations: one gentrifying, one just making do. Both love their city. These people are trying to make a living, or at best just stay afloat, in a city where divisions of class and race are hard to ignore. Everybody in Baltimore is a hustler. I'm always thinking of another way to try to make money. I, for some reason, have this fear of going broke. It's not even like I'm irresponsible, where I just blow my money. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I try to do the best things possible with money. That way I always have it. I never go back broke. I think it really sells life short for life to be about accumulating some wad of money that you can just set on fire. One city, four people. And where they live is a key part of who they are. * I found a place to sell my name * * Along the market's promenade * High prices * * Going down * Oh the rice is burning brown * And high prices 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 * Going down * Baltimore faces challenges. There's anger over the 2015 death of Freddie Gray while in police custody, and long-time residents feel like their neighbourhoods are crumbling around them. Meanwhile a younger demographic attracted by low housing costs is moving in. Baltimore is a city in flux. Chino Braxton is a well-known member of Baltimore's 12 O'Clock Boys' dirt bike crew. Rapper Meek Mill became a fan and signed him to his Maybach Music Group to do personal appearances. At 19 he's a rising star in the city. I never thought I was gonna get paid for riding dirt bikes, it was just fun. The first paycheque I got for riding, it was probably like 2000-something. That didn't really open up my eyes. It was just man, I got a cheque for riding dirt bikes. That's when I knew it was real. * No one ever who have rode streets in Baltimore or another city was ever signed for riding on the streets. I'm like the first that ever did that. I opened up a bigger land for street riders really, I would say. * I love riding in sync, 'cause if I did before I got the sponsors and stuff like that, and I'm gonna still love it after the sponsors. The only thing gonna stop me really from riding is something was to happen with my body that I can't ride no more. That's how much I love riding. But after I got shot it just made me have a different mindset which it would do to anybody who get shot. Now if I want to keep making money, I got to keep riding dirt bikes. I mean, I do look at it as a job. If I stop I won't be making money no more. Chino is fully recovered after getting shot, and is now aiming to get his first paid gig in two weeks. Noah also makes his money on the street. He's a photographer documenting Baltimore. His work has been published by the New York Times and other international publications, but with no regular income, he gets by through bartering and trading. I forgot plastic bags. I hope you pooped already. This is a city that you definitely have to walk through to get. Ma'am, how you doing? Good. Beautiful house. I guess just taking pictures out in the city and meeting people through that became this conduit of getting to understand the place. My favourite technique is getting it right. I'll see something and it's like the first picture is the one with kind of the magic. I see it and it's four feet ahead of me, and I'm able to get my phone, get my camera out, focus and get it right in no time flat before they even notice that I've had that movement. That's what I really enjoy, where it's just completely like a ninja skill. Even if you feel powerless, if you have your phone you can document things in a really beautiful impactful way, and I think that's why people are drawn to some of the pictures that I take, because it's in communities that all they've ever heard about that community is like Freddie Gray, the riots, dilapidated housing. As a photographer, I was making good steady money because that was my interest. I wanted to make money, make a living doing that, I thought that was great. And what became more important was taking just better pictures, like more genuine. My interest in money and getting paid for it sort of declined and these very honest and interesting pictures started coming out. I can say with a clear conscious that I'm just seeing what's there. How y'all doing? I'm just experiencing and learning and watching. And I don't really have an agenda, I really try to think as little as possible and just watch the world. - Making a video out here? - Yeah man. This some real niggas in the video. I know, they want to see that shit. Get it, get 'em, man. I used to torture myself because I was like, "Oh no, I'll just be taking advantage of people and I'll take these pictures," and it was kind of like presumptuous to assume that I could exploit somebody and go there and just do that. I live my life on the thread bare minimum to get by and do as much as I can. And for someone to be like, "Oh you're exploiting people", it's just "Okay," I just don't even get mad. I'm just like "Okay, whatever, see ya, I'll see ya later." Noah's living on the poverty line in a state that has the highest per capita income in America. Maryland also has more female-owned companies than any other state. So yeah, they gonna be with us tonight. It's gonna be interesting. Raised in Baltimore, Cat's father was a small business owner. She owns her own business too, a mobile Hookah rental company. Ever since I was a kid I always just wanted to work. I just had this attraction to making money. If you woulda met me three years ago, nowhere in any conversation that we woulda had would I say, "In three years, I will own a mobile hookah business." It's almost like I kind of fell into this. * Kyle's my hookah guy. He works with me. Cat is my favourite boss. I've had a lot of bosses and she's my favourite. Hookah's become more popular in Baltimore recently, people look at it as a after-hours thing. The life of partying and buying tables at the club and, I just think it's something that adds onto your party experience. Cat and her staff are booked by club managers to provide hookah table service at parties. She supplies the hookahs and tobacco, and walks the floor making sales. All the money is hers. So is the risk. Sometimes I work really hard, and at the end of the night I'm so tired and I think to myself my gosh, if I worked a regular 9 to 5, my body wouldn't hurt so much. And then I'll be like uh, nope. Scratch that, never mind, I'm good. I work hard 'cause for me it's a lot more rewarding that I do this on my own terms than working for someone else. My weekly goal right now is to make $1,500 dollars a week. I feel like if I work three clubs a week or three nights a week, that's doable. This could end at any point. Any of these clubs could tell me not to come. Any of these clubs could get their own hookahs. So that's why I save as much as I do. My next thing is to just make it bigger and better and try to have it work for itself as opposed to me working for it. 50,000 homes in Baltimore are abandoned, and yet 30,000 residents are homeless for some part of the year. Good morning, good morning. AJ lives with his wife, four children and uncle in a house that was passed down from his grandma to his mom and now to him. You wanna go in the bathroom first? So you can wash up and stuff? After his mother died he fell behind on the mortgage and needs to raise 12,000 dollars or he may lose the house. This was my grandmom's house. I grew up here, I got memories from the time I was a little boy to now, in the same house. So it like... this means a lot. You need money, how much money do you need? Come on, hold your face up, Jay. To have my kids grow up in the same house that I grew up in is wonderful. The house is still in my grandmom's name. So actually I'm in the process of trying to pay the house off and get the house put in my name. Y'all be good in school, alright? Being a dad is the best feeling in the world. Like, waking up in the morning and having the kids there, and having my son look at me, having my daughter telling me she love me. Like, that's the best feeling in the world. AJ runs an unlicensed business on the ground floor. This house has definitely been a big part of my life. I grew up here and I'm also conducting the business here, so like, it's two-fold. It was kind of like a crazy situation. I ran out of gas, then a guy pulled over on 695 and he took me to the gas station and we were talking. So, in the conversation he was like, "I got a gun that I'm trying to sell you." I'm like, "Nah, I ain't buying no gun from you." He like, "No, it's a tattoo gun." A lot of people in Baltimore want to express their selves. So why not do it on your skin? I don't have an actual license to do tattoos. You gotta do what you gotta do to get money. It just seemed like tattoos was my route. This was my gift that God gave me. It's hard living where you work at, like, I can never sleep. Somebody knock on my door and they got $250 for me. I wipe the coal off my eyes, I go wash my face, wash my hands, and we gonna get back to work. Me losing the house, that's not really an option to me. I get up every day, I do my tattoos, I do my business in order to keep this house. Chino makes about 80,000 dollars a year from his sponsors, plus an additional 10,000 dollars for every special appearance riding his bike. But in February 2016 Chino was shot in the head, putting his career and life in danger. The bullet like right here in the top, and the graze is directly in the back. You know, bullet's still in my head. You can't really feel it. But it's there. Doctor said it's there. There's definitely a constant fear of someone coming back for me, not knowing where it came from or something like that, so I just try to be as safe as possible and stay out of the way. That's one of the reasons I don't live in the city and none of that type of stuff. Like my whole mindset changed. I don't want nobody know nothing. I don't want you to know what type of car I'm in, nothing. None of that type of stuff so, you know. That's the reason why I want to leave Baltimore. Soon after that, she was really like let's get out of here, she wanted to get out of here after that. I said I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I need the bag, I need the milli wipes in the bag. I need them Ms, I need them Ms in a bag. He's just like a personal saving bank. I'm the one that spends all the money. He save everything. If it was up to him we'd save all the money. 'Cause he cheap. I don't know, he don't ever want to go broke. That's what he keeps saying, "I don't want to go broke." Well, if we die today or tomorrow, shit, the money still gonna be here. I want to spend it while I'm here. Spend all the money. I want to have enough money to take everybody and make my day go by with me. - At one time. - At one time. I definitely want to move my family out of Baltimore within the next few years. I'm going to say few, not five. Few meaning two, three years. I'm going to get my family out of here. Everybody who make my day go by. In America 8% of people have no bank account. They're called "The Unbanked." AJ is one of them. To help pay off his mortgage, he sources discounted tattoo supplies in the local underground economy. As far as Baltimore, like you got a lot of different people to do a lot of different things. So you gotta learn how to network, because there's a lot of good things that I need out here, you feel me? If I don't get out here and talk to people and communicate with other people, then I go without. As soon as I wake up in the morning I'm thinking about if I got gloves, if I got needles, if I got ink caps, ink. As far as with Brie, like she my backbone. She help me go get the supplies, cleaning the shop and all that. She's hands on with everything, and that's love right there. I couldn't ask for a better partner, better child's mother. Did he have everything? Yup. Alright, how much was it? 70 bucks. 70? Alright, that's cool. The Baltimore community economy is like if you got something and I need it, and we link up, you feel me? Like, it's one hand wash the other. Yo! - Yo. - 'Sup? I'm ready to be on my way to come get them, the supplies and stuff. Alright, I got you. Basically, that's a friend of mine, their mom actually gets the supplies. The stuff that she don't use or the stuff that she don't want. I just wind up going to buy it from her. It's not like the stuff is old. It's brand new stuff, it's still in the box, it's sealed up and everything. What's good? I definitely appreciate it, you feel me? Yeah, you already know. Basically I got a case of gloves, hospital grade gloves, like this case probably right here, probably be maybe 100, 150 dollars and I damn sure ain't pay that for it, you feel me? Cat lost 40,000 dollars when her hookah lounge failed. Baltimore shut it down because of bylaw infractions. Her new mobile hookah rental business is helping pay off that pile of debt. 241. So right now I am making my nightly envelopes. This is how I keep track of how much I make. I keep track of the amount of cash and credit, and then the amounts I pay the employee, or whomever was helping me for the night. One, two, three... I don't want to make more and more money and not account for it because that's how people get themselves caught up in a bind. I've been very irresponsible with money in the past. I don't have the best credit. I don't even have a retirement plan. I'm 32. So I need to start treating my money like a paycheque. Cat's garage is filled with the furniture from her first failed business. So the garage has all of my furniture from Play, my lounge. I just stored it back here. I opened up the lounge, that was cool, it was a cool first business experience. The straw that broke the camel's back was the fact that technically hookah lounges are illegal here. So the city started focusing on trying to shut us down, and they started sending us citations monthly. They had a vice squad that would come around. They also send you fines, and those are 1200 dollar fines. It just became not worth it to me. Because I had this kind of extension of a mobile business to my business, I was like you know, I'm just gonna make it this. Sometimes you have to rip through it and go broke again in order to realize you could have did that better. The children at the Kid Safe Zone get ready for their photography fundraiser. - Okay. - Exactly. - I got ya! - You got it. That's really cool, that's perfect! I was in West Baltimore one night. I saw a bunch of cop cars, and I went over and took a few pictures. A kid comes up to me, and he was like, "Hey man, like, how do I become a photographer?" I was like, "It's really easy, someone gives you a camera and you just take pictures, and voila, basically you're a photographer." 4:06 in the morning? What are you doing up at 4:00 in the morning, man? So, I went to the camera store that I spend a lot of time at and they gave me a box of old point and shoots. These are a bunch of the cameras that we have gotten donated. Some is just like... like I don't even know what this is. Pretty, like, not really what I'm gonna give a kid. This is like a G2 I think, which was popular in like 1912. But who knows, maybe it works. There are a lot of kids here and there's a lot of like... you know, just like a lot of need here, so it would be nice to have a more... like a robust program, and have a little more financial stability. So we started almost a year ago today, in the wake of the riots with Freddie Gray. We wanted to be a place for kids to come and have a safe place to go. They can be a kid here, they don't have to worry about the stress of the environment. It's really rough around here to say the least, but they can come here, they get a hot meal every day, they play video games, we do yoga. This is our everyday. When they have the cameras they're not thinking about drugs, violence, ills at home. All they're thinking about is capturing that moment, in that moment. We're putting together a show, a photo party. The idea is to sell those pictures and fund summer programming at the Kids Zone. So this right here is the back of the Kids Safe Zone, this is the back door, and you can see the mural, like the side of the Freddie Gray mural. He was arrested... 50 yards from where we're standing right now. So... you know, the location isn't lost on me. Just that it's-- okay, you can go out the back door of the Kids Safe Zone and see a place where a man was beaten, you know, was killed by police. I don't know. I don't know, I'm gonna look, see if there's a picture. - What do we want? - Justice! Only a handful of demonstrators, but with voices just as strong. The Freddie Gray story ominates and divides Baltimore. A recent Department of Justice report condemns Baltimore police for disproportionately targeting black citizens, confirming public suspicion of racial bias. What you think, Chino? I just feel like it's crazy and it's sad for his family and all that, even though, you know what I mean, they help their family out, but not charging the cops for any charges, that's just crazy. Feel like they should be at least charged with something if they're not going to be charged with murder. But you know... I worry about my kids getting pulled over by the police, interacting with the police. The police know Chino, everybody in the city know who Chino is so when he's out riding the bikes, like you say now they're saying they can't ride their bikes, they can issue a warrant for him riding on the street without even pulling him over because they know who he is. So yeah I fear for that. They got to catch me first though. Yeah. I ain't never think nobody want to do nothing to me here, everybody love me here. I mean everybody when they see me they want to take pictures with me. All the time "Just keep doing what you're doing for the city," this, that and the third, stay positive and all that. So I just felt like everybody love me here but you know, you're never supposed to think everybody love you because out of everybody that loves you, there's always one person that hates you. So you know, I was just a little bit too comfortable. But I learned from my mistakes and you know... I was coming from home, you know, just pulled up here, and parking my car and all of that. As I'm parking I just feel my windows just start ricocheting. All my windows just start shattering. I'm like... Then I just started looking around, looking around. I knew somebody was shooting at me. It was just stuff coming through the windows, just coming through the windows. So I started to duck down, and started to climb out of the car. And as I'm climbing out of the car I got shot. I got hit in my head, one of them grazed me in my head and one of them went in my head. And then I just ran in and sat on the couch. My little sister, she had called the ambulance and the police and all that. She was just so G'd up. She sat there... how you was? She sat there... She sat there just chilling like, "Yeah can y'all come, 'cause my brother just got shot in his head. Why y'all keep asking me how old he is? Can y'all just come? He's shot in the head, there's blood coming out of his head. Can y'all just come?" Mom grabbed the phone and said, "If y'all don't get the hell down here my little brother just got shot in the head." I tell you, Baltimore is full of hatred. Police even hate you. They don't wanna see you win. You should see how long it took when you called and said a kid got shot in his head. It took them over half an hour before they came to him. Definitely got to get out of Baltimore, you know. Stay away from "they", "they" don't want to see you win. I mean I'm trying to figure out well, who wants to hurt Chino? Everybody knows Chino, Chino's like a role model in Baltimore. I didn't think nobody in Baltimore that hate Chino that would want to take him out. I just want him to leave. With a city on edge, Noah's spending the day driving around, ready to photograph whatever happens. So yesterday, one of the officers in the Freddie Gray trial was found not guilty on all charges. There was some concerns, I guess in the media, not in my mind, but in the media, that there would be a riot. I think the media was just ready to eat that shit up, so they were like, "Oh my god, someone on Instagram said riot? Well, there's gonna be a riot!" It's like well... - I know, it looks bad. - I didn't know it was you, son! I know, it looks bad when they roll up. I'm like, "Yo, who the fuck is this?" - I know, man. - What's up, man? Aah! Man, you hear that bullshit? I heard about that. You got a lot of people out here that's... that's really frustrated, man, you know what I'm saying? Because we looking for any type of justice, nigga. Any type, anything, right? Any type! But not guilty on all charges? - Not guilty. - What the fuck is that? Ashland? What are they doing? Well, I'm trying to find out what they're doing. Low income residents live under the threat that City Hall can seize homes owing as little as 750 dollars in back taxes and auction them off, keeping all the proceeds. The evicted can buy their homes back if they pay the original tax lien plus legal and transfer fees at a punishing 18% interest. Is that that lady's house? - That's that lady's house. - Yeah! They were outbidding it right out in front of her. Right in front of her. We don't bring in a third of that. Like a year, we don't bring in a third of that. 15 grand? Who the fuck we gonna get that shit from? Thank you, man. You good? Noah's headed off to take some photos. He spots police activity in the sky. When it's that's low.... When it's that's low, I don't know what's happening. They're trying to keep an eye on it, when they're that low. Yeah, and you can still hear the sirens. Oh yeah, look at how many are behind us. Oh yeah. Come on. Yeah, there you go, home boy! Get that down! Walk down the street, they can't do nothing. Walk on down the street, bro. What are they doing to our man in the car? There is a lot of cops. There's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven... There's like 25 cars here. That's a lot of cops. Wait, what's going on right now? They locked the man up for nothing. - For what? - For nothing! Yo, y'all brought y'all gun, y'all mace, and handcuffs. What about these? Take photos of all that shit. I mean... I mean it's your face or this, you know. Y'all see that? You have a good day. 80% of Baltimore's police force lives outside the city. Who's talking? You're the one talking. Residents are sending a message that they want accountability. Locals document the scene as their way to prevent potential police brutality. Noah joins in. The goal is to get what's hidden and what they're trying to hide. If they want to cover something up, it's like you better try and get it. 'Cause there's a reason that they don't want you to see. They trying to Freddie Gray shorty, man! That ain't right, man! Y'all wouldn't do that with that gun and that badge though! Y'all wouldn't do that with that gun and that badge though! My whole agenda is to sort of compromise reality to bust it open. Baltimore schools were among the first in America to identify financial literacy as essential to a healthy community. AJ faces an overwhelming load of paperwork join the mainstream economy. My uncle, he was locked up for 38, almost 39 years, and he got a chance to come home and start over. Him coming home was such a tremendous help to me, my business, my personal life and everything. So I'm just doing whatever I can do to help him live the rest of his life, you feel me? This tattoo right here will probably run anywhere from 75 to 100, depending on the size, colour. The size I'm gonna do, it will probably be 100 dollars. It's all I can do, man, is try to give people good ink for a nice price. I keep everything clean and safe. Right now I'm still considered an underground tattoo artist. In order to get a license in the state of Maryland, you gotta do apprenticeship under another artist, and they basically want you to be their flunky for 4 to 5 years. Won't be doing no tattoos. So it's like I'm doing my own apprenticeship, I'm doing it in my own way. The house as of now is still in my grandmom's name. There's a lot of legal aspects that I gotta deal with as far as getting the house put into my name. They want to see pay stubs, and they want to see your work history, and make sure that you're making enough money. That's something that I can't give them. I can't give them a bank account. I can't give them tax ID number, stuff like that. But like I said, it's a process. But we working, we'll get it. I do any and everything that I can to keep the house. Noah lives in Better Waverley, an old area that is quickly gentrifying. I live with two dogs, Chico and Moose. I live with two women, Julie and Andrea. Julie bought this house... I don't know, 6 months, 8 months ago, something like that. She paid like just under 50,000 for it. I think it's pretty low for the neighbourhood, I mean, but there are definitely 50,000 dollar homes in this city. No, put it how it would be, or it would be like that? - It would come out like... - Oh, that side. I guess that would work. I mean, I don't know what... It depends what we're gonna put up here, I guess. Noah moved in what, like three months ago? - Two months ago? - Yeah, end of February. And he currently does not pay rent, but helps around the house. It's kind of like a barter-type deal. Getting the carpet out, building shelves, painting the walls, working on the yard. My house cost 42,000 dollars, it was a Fannie Mae property. So my mortgage is less than 200 dollars a month, and... that's what it's like to live in Baltimore, I guess. It helps me specifically, like living really cheaply, to be able to just make work and to be able to go out and shoot. I can live here, I can keep this room in this house for basically no money, for very cheap. Being able to just do that and keep my expenses low, it's just allowed me to do what I want, which is work with the kids, print their work, print my work, and just take it on my own time. * Chino has become a Baltimore street legend for surviving a bullet to the head, and for his prodigious skills on a dirt bike. But he needs to diversify his revenue streams if he wants to insure long term income. Like this is how we talk about building the game. On some-- He rides the bike and we film everything, and you see every perspective of him on the bike, you know what I mean? So, I'm thinking taking that perspective and having you actually ride. It took some getting used to when you... going to meetings and stuff like that with corporate people, but now I'm used to it. I can go into meetings and have a meeting like it's just regular. The currency that people are going to trade in tomorrow is data. It's not going to be dollars, it's data. Like if you don't have a website, you need to get one. If you haven't registered your name, you need to register your name and all that kinda of stuff. You need to do that. I mean you got to just take control of who you are in this digital... this digital age, you know what I mean? * For Chino, the corporate doors are finally opening. * Cat is focused on supplying hookahs for a night club. If city inspectors stay away, she'll be able to pay down more of her debt. I've been working in night clubs and stuff since I was like 22, I think. I started bartending. I don't know, it's fun to get dolled up. Being attractive doesn't hurt. Hoping for a large crowd, Cat is taking all of her 23 hookahs to the club. This is Logan, my cousin, and this is Logan's friend, Trinity. If I sell all the hookahs I bring, I should make 920 dollars there. * So now with the business being mobile, I'm trying to maximize a small window of time in making money, and not having to wait on the crowd. Now I just go to the crowd. * Hookah is still technically illegal. I've been in night clubs selling hookah, and seen the vice squad come in. But it's almost like when they come into the club and see the hookah, they don't care. Because when it comes to a night club, now this night club has a liquor license. Like they have bigger fish to fry. So it's weird, but I'm not complaining because it's working out. * I sold all 23 hookahs and a few refills. It's been a really good night. * Where some see junk, AJ sees money. With his house at risk of being foreclosed, he's working a second underground job scouring the city for scrap metal. So basically now what we doing is like... Shit like this, scrap metal, you feel me? Just take shit like this and put it on the truck. Any... Any type of scrap metal, whatever, you feel me? Let me see the gloves on. I think somebody break some rotors and shit, you feel me? Hey, hey bro, y'all need these rotors over here? See, Jeremy? Free money. Yep, that's free money. All day. Every day we get up, we try to grind and do something. It don't matter if we get 10 pans or 5 rotors, you feel me? It don't matter, like money is money. There's money out here to be made. So we gonna get out here every day and we gonna do what we need to do. So we got us some brake pads. Thank you, fellas, appreciate it. We not out here stealing, we out here basically scavenging. Like whatever is left over, that people look and they say is trash is gold to us. See, you can tell like... there's already been people through here. But we're going to get what we can get. We ain't even been out here real long, and we probably already got like a hundred dollars. That's a day's work right there. A fridge, dryer or stove brings 7 dollars at the scrap yard. I just bought the truck and it already it made us money. Next we're going to get a trailer, then we're going to have two trucks, then we're going to have two trucks and two trailers. So it's about building, you feel me? We young entrepreneurs. We out here just trying to get money, that's it. * This is the end process. We bring it here, we break everything down. We just get out here and grind it out, and at the end of the week it's our payday. We just try to stay in our lane and stay out of the way. That's all we doing, man, that's it. That's like the music of the streets, man. You hear that every night, every day, every night. All you hear is the bike. Cat has landed a white party, staged by an important local promoter. It's the largest event she's ever done. Happy customers will mean big sales and more bookings. ...arguing, "I don't want this flavour." That's what you ordered, that's what you're gone to get. Sorry. Hookahs are 45, refills are 20. It's a lot of tables here. I wish I woulda had more hookahs, but we're about to make it work. Star, you see how he's making hookah? Show her. - I'm watching. - Oh okay. And maybe make one so you know how to do it. Today I recruited some of my family, and I have both of my helpers with me. I guess we're five shirts. I spent 85 dollars. So the fifth shirt is actually a crop top, so I didn't think Kyle would want to wear that. I'm not wearing a crop top! We gonna hope that it doesn't rain too much and we just have a really good day. A nice dry day. Cat needs the weather to improve or this party will be a bust. How you guys doing? You guys want to get a hookah for your table? You do? Okay. - You got peach? - Peach? Yes. You guys want to buy another hookah? Since there's so many of y'all? This shit is the worst. * * In Cleveland, Chino is making his first public event since his gunshot wound to the head. He'll fly home to Baltimore with an appearance fee of 10,000 dollars plus expenses. Yeah, this is my first gig ever since I got shot. I chilled out for a minute, I haven't been doing any. And yeah this is the first one. It turned out to be a good show. Everybody liked it once again. * For the past 6 months, I didn't do shows because of my situation. When I got shot and I just put everything on pause, had to take some time, think about things and how I want to go forward with everything. So it ain't really affect my income 'cause I still had sponsors and things like that. I just wasn't getting the shows on the side that I usually get and things like that. But you know, we're back, picking up where we left off. * In Baltimore, a little cash can go a long way. The fundraiser Noah is helping with at the Kids Safe Zone is about to begin. If enough photos are sold, the photography program can continue. I feel a little bummed about the weather, I guess. It's overcast and chilly and was raining. It works. Come pay for this work so we can be here with these kids. It's great, it's a good time. Yo Nell, can you help me out? It's been so rewarding to see how something as small as literally like a 20 dollar point and shoot in the hands of a kid has been to their life, just having fun and smiling. These kids who have like no formal training, they took some pictures that not only would I be proud to call my own, but I would never even have thought of taking. I'd like to see it flourishing. I'd like to see kids interested in photography, or making documentaries about their community. I think a lot of kids here are down on themselves because they're from a down community, and I think there's something beautiful in helping them express themselves, and yeah, helping them find that beauty in themselves, and in the world. Noah and Kids Safe Zone parted ways after the fundraiser due to a financial dispute. * AJ finally has a bank account, and expects to own his home by next year. Money makes the world go round, money makes things happen. Money is everything but money is nothing at the same time. I could have a million dollars and I still wouldn't be happy if my family wasn't good. There's a lot of stigmas around Baltimore and tattoos and black guys being fathers. Like I just want the real to be shown. Like if people understand what I'm going through, that's all I ever wanted. The white party definitely was a huge success. I sold more hookahs than I have ever sold in one party so far. But I also worked harder. I'm like running around. I mean literally running, trying to maximize my sales in a small window of time. Everybody used to always say, "You just have to be patient, just be patient, it's going to work, just keep up with it." It was so many times that I didn't see that because it just wasn't working. I had the right ingredients, I just didn't have the right formula. In my career right now I still feel like I'm at the beginning. There's definitely a lot more to come. Bigger deals, long term money. We ain't ever got to worry about nothing so we're good. To the up-and-coming riders, man, that's coming up, I just say keep riding, stay on top of their game, and we definitely opening up a lane for everybody. We're going to make it street riding. We're definitely going to make our own lane. I would like to see everybody start making money. I don't want to be the only one. Baltimore is a changing but divided city. These four people hope to make a place for themselves in what this city becomes. Yeah, bike life! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 