Payday: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Payday 
 s1e5 - Houston - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Payday (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Houston - full transcript 
 A bomb-maker, a human trafficking interventionist, a hip hop jeweller, and an internet celebrity take advantage of Houston's free-wheeling way of doing business. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Houston. The only American city that now has twice the number of jobs it had before the recession, and the economic optimism has inspired many to go their own way. For these four people, Houston is what it's always been: the Wild West. The army has a great saying: money is ammunition. While I have the ammunition, I'm gonna do what I wanna do with my life. If I get money, I'm gonna spend it. I'm gonna enjoy life with it, with money. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Doesn't matter how much we have in our bank account. We have faith to believe that God's gonna provide for us. Being able to do something I love, that's like the best thing in the world. You know, down here, there's a saying: put your money where your mouth is. One city, four people, and where they live is a key part of who they are. * I found a place to sell my name * * Along the market's promenade * High prices * * Going down * Oh the rice is burning brown 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 * And high prices * Going down * Houston is a boomtown story, a sprawling metropolis whose wealth and size was built with a Wild West mentality, fuelled by gushing oil. But if modern Houston still possesses its cowboy DNA, it also represents the future, undergoing the largest multicultural transformation of any US city this past century. * JimmyBoi's family was part of that transformation, moving to Houston in the '70s, helping to form the largest Vietnamese population in the States. They had hopes of building a better life, and JimmyBoi has found it. Woo woo. Money doesn't make you happy, but it sure as hell doesn't make you sad. My name is JimmyBoi. I'm a jeweler, The Streets Jeweler. I call myself The Streets Jeweler because I come from the other side. For 15 years I was a customer. I dealt with some of the biggest names, jewelers that everybody is going to now. I've had some of those big names beg me for business because they knew that if I went there, my friends would go there. And we would spend half a million a year, whatever it might be. Why is it so quiet today? It's like extra quiet today. Johnny stepped out to meet with a couple of clients. Oh, okay. I work with fine gems, watches, precious metals, anything, you know what I mean? We make it. JimmyBoi is a celebrity jeweler. He's a huge player on social media, and people come to him to make custom pieces. Last year, I did 1.4 million in sales, and last year was actually my first year as an official jeweler. JimmyBoi's designing an original piece for political activist and rapper Killer Mike. That's that baby, right? I've been crazy about that statue since I was a little boy. Nobody even knows who carved it. It's in the Louvre Museum. I wanted a piece like Ghostface's eagle piece, like Nas's QB piece. Like I just wanted a piece of art on my neck. Okay, so within a week and a half to two weeks, I'll have the actual replica wax version. We'll just cast it in gold, and you'll have it ready. Bless, man. I'll talk to you later, fo sho. Just imagine, you know. He's gonna jump out that stage with it, and then y'all gonna know The Streets Jeweler did what he did, you know what I mean? A solid gold design like this could run up to $50,000, good business for JimmyBoi. Sam Hernandez views money in a different way. I've heard people say that money is the root of all evil, but I think that's false. The Bible doesn't even say that. It says that the love of money is the root of evil. Alright, are we all ready to go? Yep. Sam is the Intervention Director for Elijah Rising, a Christian organization combating what they view as the evils of Houston's porn and sex trade. Father God, we just thank you for this opportunity to bring awareness to a piece that just kinda breaks your heart, God. We just pray for these men and for these women who are so negatively affected by sexual exploitation, God. Amen. They're a band of 28 Christian activists who work for little r no pay, deriving their ncome from personal donations given to Elijah Rising. To raise awareness, Sam leads public van tours to areas where the sex trade thrives. So we're in the Galleria area right now. We have a high concentration of Asian brothels in this area, but we also have strip clubs and online hotel prostitution. Houston is one of the worst cities in the nation for human trafficking. The trafficking routes are really simple, we're really close to the Mexico border. Also, there's a lot of excess money in Houston. There's a lot of oil men who are in town and have finances to purchase sex. I don't know why, but the city's tolerated it. So what you see I think is a result from what we've tolerated. Now right here is a more obvious place. This is a 24-hour day spa. If they're gonna pretend that they're a spa, it's actually illegal to be opened past 10:00pm. So the fact that they advertise that they're 24 hours a day already puts them in illegal operations. The things that happen are not legal in a lot of these places. I make $26,400 a year, but I don't stay awake at night thinking about paying my bills. I've never gone hungry, and I really believe it's because I have faith my daily bread will be there. Yes, ma'am, I was calling up to give y'all a head's up that I'm gonna be setting off some explosives here in the next-- over the next hour or so. It's for weapons development. We're doing research and development. And we're all licensed by the ATF and everything. Okay, thanks a lot, ma'am. Bye-bye. Alright, you ready? 34-year-old Sean Lindley is an Iraq veteran, and is now back home in the reserves. He's betting every cent he has that he can turn his experience with guns and bombs into a business. Shake it up one last time. What kind of idiot sits there and takes all their life savings and throws it into starting a company that builds bombs and stuff like that? It's a crazy idea. * * Oh shit! Shit! Oh, that was good! I'm from Texas, I drive a pickup truck, have a ranch, have more guns than I know what to do with, and now I make explosives. I'm so far over in this way being stereotypical Texas, but then so ways I'm not kinda thing. 44% of Texans own guns, but Sean's got a different kind of weapon business in mind. My company is Texas Machine Gun and Ordnance. We're a type 10 federal firearms license holder. We're also what's called a type 20 federal explosives license holder. Those two coming together allow us to safely build virtually any weapons system that we want to. * Yeah! When I was a kid, I've always just really been into guns. I remember getting my first pistol and being like, "Wow, this is so cool!" kinda thing. Then I got my first machine gun, and it was like, "Oh wow, this is even cooler!" And then now I'm at the point where we have grenade launchers and explosives and all kinds of serious ordnance. In two weeks, Sean is opening his store, using his knowledge gained in the army to develop and sell military-grade firearms. - Sean! - Yeah? This is Pull To Use Suicide Tab? That one's for the lake. Okay. I've got three guys that I brought aboard with me, and so these guys are all helping me out. We've got a whole bunch of different kinda rifles we're trying to bring to market, such as machine guns, suppressors, short barrel rifles, short barrel shotguns. I honestly tell people the best thing I ever did was join the army. Contrary to popular belief, you actually make a lot of money in the military, especially as an officer. Like in Iraq, I came home with about $100,000 in the bank. I took basically every penny I have, $175,000 I've thrown into my business. * Yeah, it's a shitload of money, and that's more money than... it's an unimaginable amount. It's not even real to me, I think in some ways. But it's the experience of doing it, and it's a challenge, and it's a chance for me to measure myself. * Someone on Facebook called me the Miley Cyrus of the gun world, that we're just doing this outrageous stuff just to get attention. But I was bored with the gun market. If I'm gonna blow my life savings on something, why the hell am I gonna open Sean's Lame Gun Shop and sit around and do what everyone else is doing? It's just to me... it would be absurd. But I just wanted to do something different. That is hot as hell! Go do some stomping over there, bro. Shit. * In the past 10 years, Houston's arts economy has grown almost 40%. Entertainer Tredante wants a piece of that. Yeah, I was getting the part. I think I was getting the part. I love to surprise people. That's like the greatest feeling to me. So that's really why I do half the things I do, just so I can blow people's minds. Boom. I'm Tredante Bias, and I am a social media entertainer, a TV entertainer. And I'm 23, just made 23. I don't have no arms down to my elbows, and I don't have my right leg. I mean, it's not really a condition or nothing. I was just born like that, so... I started drumming when I was in the sixth grade. I told my mama I was gonna be a drummer. She was like, "How you gonna do that?" "I don't know, I'm gonna figure it out." I went to buy some wristbands the next day. I was like okay, put 'em on, put the sticks in them. I'm like oh, this can actually work. When I got to high school, I kinda got a little more competitive. Woo! Oh, there it is. I got dreads now. I ain't have dreads before. Dreads get in the way. By the time we came out of high school, I was one of the top drummers to come out, like as a senior. By the time I got to college, I was all-state drummer. My name became bigger as the no-arm drummer. It helped me for this whole Tre Nubb entertainer stuff, you could say. I do a lot of dance videos. And after we started making a couple of videos, we getting emailed for bookings. It's about that time they go crazy for these nubs! I do a lot of shows, promos, appearances. It depends on the work, but I make about $100 to $500. Tredante needs to raise $1,000 to get to LA, where he hopes to get his big break. I'm moving to California to network. If I get out there, I'll be able to network a little better, move around. I already have a dream of being on TV, you know, being an entertainer, being an actor. So if this came before that, why not use it as a stepping stone? Or why not use this as a ladder to get to the TV? People all over the world know of Tre Nubb, and I only want it to get bigger. Houston is home to 1.4 million immigrants, and even though they own 1 in 3 businesses in the city, they bring home $16,000 less than American-born citizens. JimmyBoi's family was beginning to establish themselves when his mom abandoned the family. JimmyBoi turned to dealing drugs to earn a living. Methylenedioxymethamphetamine. I learned that when I caught my fed case. The judge was telling me what it was, and I'm looking at my lawyer like, "What is that? What's he talking about?" "Like that's the stuff you-- that's MDMA." I'm like, "Oh, okay!" Pill Gates. That was my nickname. I was really moving a lot of that at one time in my life. Between 1999 and 2001, I had to've made at least a million dollars, at least. Jimmy was arrested and served two years for a series of crimes. He told his kids he was away on business in China. About to go pick up my daughter. You know, she's been spending some extra time with her mom lately. My daughter, she definitely changed my life. If I didn't have her, I'd probably be dead or doing life in prison right now, to be honest with you. Put your seatbelt on. I don't buy toys for her. I'm not into toys. Funko Pops are toys. They're not toys! They are collectible figures! How would I feel if I said your GI Joe toys were, um, toys? Hey, you're going too far right now, dude! That's what I thought. You're talking about stuff that no one-- these people don't need to know about! Okay... I was gonna raise her the way I felt I should've been raised. Teach them discipline, determination, dedication. You know, growing up, I didn't have that. I grew up in a house where the people-- where they just talked down on each other. It took me I think like six months to learn how to ride a two wheel bike. You know, my dad used to put me on the thing, and just grab me by the back of my neck and be like, "Go." And then, like, if I couldn't do it right, he would squeeze the crap out of my neck. My daughter was with her mom, and I get a phone call. And she was like, "Yo, Savannah just learned how to ride the bike." She did it by herself. Like she'd just fall off, kept getting back on, you know what I'm saying? Um... She wouldn't give up, and that's what I've been working so hard for. Seeing something like that makes you feel like you're doing the right thing, you know what I mean? You're doing your job. * Sean builds pipe bombs for private collectors, and each one needs to be branded and registered. Collectors interested in buying have to wait up to 8 months before their background checks with the ATF are complete. You get folks, they never get charged for having a pipe bomb. They get charged for having an unregistered pipe bomb. The ATF requires all firearms to have certain identifying information. So we come over here to Gerald, it's fantastic work. They're kind of for-display pieces, it's more for fun. You're kind of an idiot if you blow it up, but hey, it's your money. You do with what you want with it. Even though they not packed with explosives, Sean sells them to a small niche market for $175 each. Not a large revenue stream, but it provides a hook to bring in more customers. Alright. Folks ask me, "Why do it?" but it's just kind of, "Why not?" With Edmund Hillary, he said something like, "Why do you climb Everest? Well, 'cause it's there." And it's just doing it just to do something different. * We didn't know which one... Yeah, no, we'll figure it-- Nah, but it looks good. Sean's paying $900 renting in an industrial area, instead of 3 times that amount in a regular shopping district. He's betting that his specialized clientele will go out of their way to buy his products there. Opening the shop is the step. It is the big, "Oh my god, we're going," because finally I'm committed to something, and I'm on the hook for it. Ah, fucker. That broke off the tip of my... Damn, there's that. Are both the springs being replaced, or just that one? - Yeah, both of 'em. - Okay. Sean's gun business opens in 10 days. He's worried that at any minute, the US military d call him away, putting $175,000 investment at risk. I'm still in the army reserve, and I make about $12,000 a year. The problem is, is that then I'm also available for deployments and such. And if I were to get tagged to go on a mission right now to Iraq, I would lose pretty much everything. Because I can't just be like, "Well, be back soon," kind of thing with my company, and it's not grown enough where I can just hire someone to do it. I am kind of worried about that. Is it a 15 second, 30 second... How do you wanna do it? This one gonna be like 25. 25? 20, somewhere up in there. Tredante is shooting a promotional video for a local rapper with the help of his friend and manager G-Mayniac. Tredante needs $1,000 for his trip to LA, and this shoot pays just $75. For me, like if I'm viral, I'm moving, or if I'm trending at the time, then it'll bring in more people looking to do more business, you know. 2012, my freshman year in college, and I was with my friend, Graylind. We were in the car just dancing, and I was doing it right there and posted it. Couple hours later, I go back, it's viral. Then my Instagram number went from 1,641 to 55,000 in like two days. It's so random, just for sending a video. Like you never know till you try. Money is important because you need money to live, but like I'm gonna use it for what it's for: I'm gonna spend it. Tredante receives a $700 disability cheque every month, but it's not enough to cover his expenses. Bro, you don't like guacamole? What is wrong with you? No, what is wrong with you? I pay like 350 for rent. Phone bill is like 170. Student loans, $170, 175. Shoes, I get shoes every month. I get shoes every month, it's bad. Man, I'm 'bout to... ugh! Uh-oh. What up? Oh, you're at Top Golf? Turn up, turn up. Man, I need you for a Sunday event. You already know I'm down. I do a lot as far as appearances. I show up at different parties. Some of those places be like club events. One of my good friends, he's a party promoter in Houston. He's hosting an event. In the next few weeks I can make anything from 1,500 or 2,000, like who knows? It just depends on the event. * Might get some roll action, might get some roll... Ah, drop it! Houston's rents are soaring, putting the city in the top 10 hottest markets in the US. Sam's found an unusual way to live rent-free. Kendleton Farms is owned by Elijah Rising, which is about 40 minutes outside of the city of Houston. That will be a place where survivors of sex trafficking can come and live and heal and work. We wanted to create kind of this community with healthy, safe families that live around them. So that's what me and my husband here are doing, we're helping build that. - You gave him his medicine? - Yeah. Hayden's quitting his job to work with Sam at Elijah Rising. It's a big pay cut, and a huge financial risk. Two more days. Hayden works for a water company, but it's not what he feels called to, and we've both decided that it's time that he takes a leap and he quits his job. Instead of making $36,000 a year, he will be making $20,000 a year. Gosh, that's almost like half, huh? It's almost half, right? Man, how exciting is that? I'm so proud of him. Come here, come here. Come on, come on. Come on, mama girl, come on. I do not pay rent to live here. Instead, me and Hayden both, you know, do chores, help with different things here to kind of pay my rent. No. Stay back. She's really, really good with animals, so that's a huge help. She'll help me move things, she's learned how to do drywall and floors in her house. It's amazing, she built her own fence. I mean, that's a big deal, man. For a city girl, she's doing very well. My home is on their property. My husband is now full-time employed, and I am now full-time employed by them. So if Elijah Rising were to go away, I mean, we would be starting from zero. About 20% of veterans that leave active duty can't find another job. Sean's decided to employ himself by spending $175,000 to open a specialized gun shop. So where did the money go? A lot of it's gone into the licenses and fees. This shit ain't cheap. I'd say $30,000 or so in that. I probably got about $40,000 tied up in inventory. But I put about $45,000 aside for me. I'll sometimes put some of that money back in the company as a loan, just so I'm keeping that money going. And the company owes me so much money that it's not even funny. Oh, yeah. There we go. One expense is creating a sound-absorbing room for weapons tests. Tom, you good? How was that? Oh, okay. So we set off an alarm with an M16, okay. We're gonna need more insulation for rifle covers. The pistol though, the 9mm, that was fine. The firearms industry is doing very good. And there's a saying, that you know, President Obama is the best gun salesman in the world. And I'd have to agree with that, because whenever something happens and he talks about regulations, bans and everything else, folks start buying guns up. So I know that I've done that. After Sandy Hook, I bought a bunch of firearms just in case that happened. Thanks a lot, y'all have a good evening. * I'm living in a less expensive accommodation. Having been in the army, I've slept in the dirt, in the mud, when it's freezing-ass cold. So to me, as long as it's got a nice bed to lay down on, sleep for a few hours and get up, it's not a big deal. If I wanted to be rich, I could go get a well-paying sales job and work 80 hours a week or whatever. Doesn't interest me. I'm mostly focused on just getting this thing off the ground. Houston is home to 37 megachurches, so God is not only big business here, but a way of life. Christian organization Elijah Rising is solely focused on stopping sex trade trafficking. They need half a million a year in donations to cover their costs, and if they can't raise the funds, Sam may not be able to work full-time. I know that I should be making a lot more than $20,000 a year. I'm totally for making a lot of money. You know, 100 grand a year, something like that, that we can really do some really amazing things. But I don't depend on money. I don't see it as a structure of safety. I just see it as a tool to use. These are some women who have ads online. A lot of them we believe are pimp controlled. We call them and let them know hey, this is who we are, this is what we're doing. This is the resources that are available for you. Some of these women look super young. Oh my gosh, this girl looks like... Chrissie, Chrissie, look at this. How old do you think she looks? Yeah. She's posting as a 24-year-old. If they're underage, it's terrible, but it's the easiest as far as police and stuff come, like, 'cause it's automatically trafficking. Yeah. Sam's willing to work for less because it's a personal crusade. I was exposed to pornography when I was like 6 years old. I was later molested when I was 10 years old, and I remember feeling like I have no right to my body anymore. And the rest of my life as a young women was just seeking people and seeking men that I thought would make me feel beautiful, but just made me feel like trash again. God has brought me to a place where I know what's happened to me, and I learned how to take it, process it and release it. It helps us to help other people. This is my baby right here. This ring right here is worth almost $120,000. This is like one of them Power Ranger rings, you know what I mean? Like, "With your powers combined..." JimmyBoi is working on a gold chain pendant for rapper Killer Mike. It's the latest in a long line of celebrity jewelry he's been hired to create. His store is located in Houston's Sharpstown neighbourhood, the equivalent to the Diamond District in New York. The area also has the highest crime rate in the city. You got that chain, man? Yeah, yeah. Let's see this one right here. Unless you'd like something thicker, but you like this one? This one right here will be like 12 thou. Think I'ma do this one. Alright, let's go to the back. In life, you go up and down a lot. I've had millions, I've lost. I've gained, I've lost. Money is very important. Now, depending on how you make money a part of your life is what makes you a good or a bad person. And that's why I say like I don't love money, but I love making it, you know what I mean? I don't have to have all the nice things in the world. It's about having the means to survive. Just hit me up with anything, bro. Let me know about that Rolex, I'll get that situated for you, man. That's my everyday type of customer. You know, the streets. They just spent 15,000. You sure? Bro, I counted it myself. It's on camera. We are in Beaumont, Texas. This is where I was born and raised. Ah, seeing my grandmother in there, my dad, my grandfather, my stepmom, my brothers, their friends, I got my friends. So you know, it's a nice little mixture of a party bunch up in there. Every other day he was in the hospital, and he fell down the stairs. He got his concussion. That's why his-- that forehead like that. It's not that big. I don't think it is, it's not that big. It's a little big. Tredante's family didn't treat him as different. Their good-natured teasing helped toughen him up to deal with haters and trolls on social media. My parents, my brothers, my sister, like they gonna crack the jokes on me so my feelings don't get hurt. And I think that plays a very big part of me as far as the social media stuff. People say cruel, mean stuff, but I'm like, tsk, my daddy come harder than you, you know what I'm saying? My grandmother tell better jokes. If it don't bother me when my family do it, it's definitely not gonna bother me if somebody random or somebody I don't know do it. That's looking good. That boy got spirit. You treat a child handicapped, he gonna be handicapped. We never raised him like that. Hell, we go out there, I put him on that lawnmower, let him cut that grass. You know what I mean? In order for me to keep being booked and keep going places, I have to be on my phone. - Networking. - Networking, you know. Networking and... See? Grandma know. She know about the networking. So when you planning on going to California? Next week, week and a half. Oh, okay. Gotta go make the money. I need to see him progressing, and getting into the show business that he wants to get into. You know, he's not gonna be able to do videos all his life. So you got to have something to fall back on. Because when you're 50, you might not be able to do a video. She right. Grandma's always right. * JimmyBoi's business is based on an affluent lifestyle, and he has to live in that world to attract and retain his clientele. Spending big money on a night out a regular business expense. Streets Jeweler is the businessman, you know what I mean, but tonight it's the alter ego. This is JimmyBoi, the dude that's been out there for 16 years. I got about a good 8,000 on me, so that's my budget for the night. So we'll see what it do. * Jimmy, what's up? Jimmy, what's up? It's like even though I'm spending money, I'm making money. I might spend 8 today, but I'll make 20 tomorrow. Whatever, you know. We gonna do what it do. * Fuck, man! Bro, I'm like wet as fuck. I gotta dry up. Bro, he got me good though. That mother got me good, bro. Alright, let's go. Come, Lord Jesus, to a city gotten that's desperate for you, God. The glory and the majesty of the salvation! The saving one, the generous one... It's true... It's true... Thank you, God. Welcome to Fourth Friday Intervention. Raise your hand if it's your first time. Awesome! Yes, welcome. Volunteers who've never done anything like this basically cover the city with resources for women who are in the sex industry who have a high probability of trafficking. We're here to intervene. I want more of a kick-down-the-door attitude behind our outreach. So I want my prayers, I want your outreach, your love to be an instrument of holy wrath. Okay, anyone else? Let's see, street team has lipsticks? Sam and her volunteers arm themselves with lipsticks containing a hidden helpline phone number. They claim that over 50 sex trade workers have been saved by calling that number. They hope to save one more tonight. So I've actually never stepped foot in a spa. You mean a spa that they sell sex in? - Correct. - So far as you know. This'll be a new experience. Yeah, no, for sure. Let's walk quickly, just in case they see us and try to lock the door. Hold on, where are the lipsticks? 'Kay, ready set go, quickly. Oh, see? Hello. - Hi, how are you? - Good. Hi, we just wanted to drop this off. Oh no, no English, no English, sorry. - No English? - Yes. We just wanted to say hello and say God bless you. Sorry. - You have a good night, okay? - Good night, good night. Hi, sir, how's it going? You having a good night? Awesome. He seemed really uncomfortable, but I can't tell if he actually worked for them. No, I think he worked for them. Yeah, I think he did too. Sam just finished targeting a massage parlour during her sex trade intervention. A lot of times they'll pretend not to speak English if they're uncomfortable. Yeah. As much as 25% of all human trafficking in the US comes through Texas, most of it through Houston. An estimated 85% of women brought in by trafficking .p in the illegal sex trade. Sam and her volunteers have spread out over the city, making contact with sex trade workers at risk. We've seen girls on the street almost completely nude. Some of them have been pimped out since they were like 13 years old. Some of them are still underage. We actually had a lot of survivors coming to do outreach with us. You know, they're just like super excited about sharing hope, that it's possible to get out. Let's see what's going on. Oh, see? She is like nude. Those girls have no pants on. They do not. Oh, they're just lining up, the cars. - Cars are just lining up. - Wow. Hey, can you hand me that bag of lipsticks really quick? I'm gonna run out. Just stay close, kind of close by. Hey. Changing shoes? Could I give you this tube of lipstick? It has a phone number hidden on this barcode. It's a 24-hour helpline if you ever need anything. Housing, resources. Could I give you a tube of lipstick? Oh, thank you. Yeah, it has a phone number hidden on the barcode. Oh, okay. - And it's a 24-hour helpline. - Okay. Anything you need, they'll answer it all the time. Y'all stay safe, okay? They were very sweet. Tredante is making a paid appearance at a Houston nightclub. He's making $500, and now he'll have all he needs for his trip to LA. I love what I do, 'cause I get paid to have fun, get paid to bring people's joy and turnt-up-ness everywhere. An adventure with Nubb. * I don't feel like I'm as big as they make it seem. I mean, I feel like I'm on the right path, but if you ask me, I say I got a long way to go. So, just keep grinding, keep pushing. * * Today, the doors open at Sean's new gun shop. The long process of paying off his $175,000 investment begins. Can y'all put on here that these are actually Molotov cocktails? 'Cause otherwise it looks like we're just slinging beer. We're not your local liquor store. Selling a firearm, I do it just like a vehicle, where if I were a car dealership and I were to lawfully sell a car to someone, and they go off and get drunk and kill a whole bunch of people on that. Oftentimes we forget about there's an individual who is choosing to cause harm. And so that's... I just don't really worry about that too much. This is a lawful product, and it really comes down to how the individual is going to use it. So yeah, like I said, this right here is 1,350 for the receiver, and then 360 for the barrel. Some of this stuff is pretty unique in terms of what's available. Certainly flamethrowers, pipe bombs, stuff like that, I don't think I've ever seen this at any other store before, so it's... Definitely not a pipe bomb or a flamethrower, that's for sure. Alright, so which one of y'all is gonna be the first one to buy stuff? What you need is a grenade launcher. No, not a grenade launcher. Problem solver right here, 20 gauge. What you think, buddy? You want the problem solver? You'd be the first person to buy a gun here. Will I be the first? I will be the first then, we'll do this. Oh, fantastic! Alright! Yay! We gotta get a picture of this shit and put it-- Ah fuck, where's my phone? You go into Wal-Mart, you buy something, you walk out, and I don't want us to be that. We really wanna become eventually like more of a hangout kind of place. We come out here and talk guns. Four weeks ago, JimmyBoi was hired by rapper Killer Mike design and create a - kilo, solid gold pendant. It's finished. Now he's in Atlanta to deliver it. * I personally like to deliver it. The eyes never lie, so you know they're really happy or not. It's a big mamma-jamma. You know, and it's definitely a weapon. He's gonna have a lot of fun wearing this thing, put it that way. * What's up, bro? And how much it weigh? - One kilo. - Wow. This shit is beautiful. It's crazy how perfect it fit. I saw this statue in Paris. - Mm-hmm. - Ah man, it's crazy. It's like fucking 9 feet up, it's amazing. I was high as fuck, just staring at this shit for like 40 minutes. But that shit, man, it's one of my favourite pieces of art. You know, I really appreciate him. And he's been a sweetheart, man, honestly, to deal with. Like I know I'm aggravating as shit. I'll call you 2, 3, 4 times a day, and he's just always pro, always professional, and always accommodating. Yeah, I'm happy, I'm happy with it. I think its beautiful. If you ain't ever won an award, award yourself. That's an award right there, for real! Yeah, shit. That thing right there. I think it went really well. I feel like he loved it. I wanna hit the world by storm. It's hot, it's hot. My feet hot. JimmyBoi has money in his pocket from Killer Mike's pendant, and he's since gained a new client in rapper Big Boi. But for Jimmy, it's more about building a legacy for his family than money. Ah, Jimmy! You know, I've had a lot more money before, and you know, you realize that it's not what it is that makes you happy. You can do it, come here. Oh yeah, that's my boy! All I ever really wanted was just something I didn't have, which was just family. This right here, you know what I mean, this is priceless. Say, "Mommy, hold on." Mommy, hold on! See? 10, 20 years from now, if I'm still here, it's not about what I used to do or how cool I was or how much I used to party. It's about people seeing my children and seeing, "Did he do what he should've done for his children?" That's how I look at it. Stop. Sean sold almost $5,000 of inventory on his first day. With the store's opening behind him, he's doing what he wants to do. I don't know if it's the naughtiness of it, the fact that it's a felony for everyone else. Watching a fireball, it's just stupidly fun. America! - Yeah! - Yeah! For Mother Russia! I always have been impressed by people that use their wealth for something. They don't spend it trying to live the rock star lifestyle and get some grills or something like that just to show off. Instead that they go out there and do stuff, they push the limits. Yeah, I'm working tons of hours, I'm not making any money at it, but I'm much happier doing it because this is more of an expression of what I wanna do. * Hey, say man, thank you. Now listen, don't spend this all in one place. You know, take care of that right there! Appreciate that, man. - Catch y'all later. - Yes, sir. That's what I'm talking about. Yes sir. This is what we came to work for. Ready to go take a nap now! No naps, no naps. Yeah, we already took a nap. I wanna be successful. I wanna be able to take care of the people that took care of Tredante, not of Tre Nubb, to know how much I appreciate 'em. And the rest is just so I can keep travelling and, you know, seeing the world, so... I definitely see us starting a family out here. Being dependent on God for everything, and raising them in a culture that's aware of injustice and that it's important to us as a family. I think that money is just like power. If you have a lot of money, it doesn't mean that it's gonna turn you into a bad person. I think it's a type of power that will manifest whatever you are. Alright, last one, y'all. Woo! Yay! * As the nation's top job creator, Houston has become fertile ground for opportunity. And its rapid growth in diversity and size has proven to be a good place for these four people. * Mm-mm, ain't got that left no more. No, don't got that left no more. Mm-mm. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 