The Chi: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chi 
 s2e10 - Episode #2.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chi (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - Episode #2.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Chi... Oh, you know the owners? A little. You know where they went? All I know is the father got sick and moved down south. What about the car? If you want it, it's yours. Otherwise, I'll have it hauled away. Your mom told me about the North Side school. You know that school got better things to offer than Hopkins. I ain't trying to be nobody's sellout. Our son has been staying out of my house, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 rent-free. I'ma need you to slide me back what I been sliding you all these years. I ain't giving you shit. Tiff, what... what's wrong? I'm pregnant. I kissed her, but I only did it 'cause I felt sorry for her. Maisha, look, I didn't... Get the fuck out. Get the fuck out of here, Ronnie! What's wrong, babe? Feels like you're hiding something. The people who are guarding your truck... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 they work for me. We're all a part of the Company. So you're 63rd... I'm a businessman. This cat don't care about killing a white woman in broad daylight. He'd care even less about killing your black ass. You need to tell your woman to borrow the cash from that fat-cat daddy of hers and pay that crazy motherfucker Douda, who I told you was crazy. There's a delicate balance that needs to be maintained in order to conduct business discreetly in our ecosystem, but you, my young friend, like it noisy. What'd you do, pull this taco down from heaven? I didn't get your name. Alice. ♪ I don't wanna write this down ♪ ♪ I wanna tell you how I feel right now ♪ ♪ I don't wanna take no time to write this down ♪ ♪ I wanna tell you how I feel right now ♪ ♪ Hey, tomorrow may never come ♪ ♪ For you and me, this life is not promised ♪ ♪ I ain't no perfect man ♪ ♪ I'm trying to do the best that I can ♪ ♪ With what it is I have ♪ ♪ Put my heart and soul into this song ♪ ♪ I hope you feel me ♪ ♪ From where I am to wherever you are ♪ ♪ I mean that sincerely ♪ ♪ Tomorrow may never come ♪ ♪ For you and me, life is not promised ♪ ♪ Tomorrow may never be ♪ ♪ You better hold this very moment ♪ ♪ Very close to you right now ♪ ♪ Very close to you ♪ ♪ So close to you ♪ ♪ So close to you ♪ ♪ Don't be afraid ♪ ♪ To let it shine ♪ ♪ Sometimes I don't want to be bothered ♪ - ♪ Sometimes I just want a quiet life ♪ - _ ♪ With me and my babies, me and my lady ♪ ♪ Sometimes I don't want to get into no war ♪ - ♪ Sometimes I don't wanna be a soldier ♪ - _ - ♪ Sometimes I just wanna be a man, but ♪ - _ ♪ Umi said shine your light on the world ♪ ♪ Shine your light for the world to see ♪ - ♪ My Abi said shine your light on the world ♪ - _ ♪ Shine your light for the world to see ♪ ♪ My elders said shine your light on the world ♪ ♪ Shine your light for the world to see ♪ ♪ I want black people to be free, to be free... ♪ Brandon Johnson, we're here to serve a search warrant. Don't I know you? Yeah, we met. I'm Alice. Detective Alice Toussaint. Step off the truck. Why? What the fuck did I do? We got probable cause to believe this vehicle is involved in criminal activity. Sir, step off the truck, please. ♪ ... That's all that matters to me ♪ ♪ That's all that matters to me ♪ ♪ That's all that matters to me ♪ ♪ Black people unite and let's all get down ♪ ♪ Gotta have what, gotta have that love ♪ ♪ Peace and understanding, one God, one light ♪ ♪ One man, one voice, one mic ♪ ♪ Black people unite, come on and do it right ♪ ♪ Black people unite, come on and do it right ♪ ♪ Black people unite, come on and get down ♪ ♪ Gotta have what, love, peace and understanding ♪ ♪ One God, one voice, one life... ♪ - This weapon registered? - No, ma'am. You got a concealed carry permit? No, ma'am. Brandon Johnson, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. Do you understand all these... ♪ ... My people ♪ ♪ The Chi 2x10 ♪ The Scorpion and the Frog Hey. Hey, I... I just want to apologize for what I said. Here. And... I got this on Amazon for a dollar. You didn't have to do that. I know I didn't, but a third of the business owners in the Loop went to that academy, so there might actually be a benefit in you going, but that's not my problem anymore. It's yours. I thought you was different, but instead, you turned out to be just as basic as your basic-ass friends. Kev-isha in the house! Yeah, Kev. When y'all getting married? Why don't y'all just shut the fuck up? Jada, please. You can't just quit like this. Grandma's still in rehab, but she'd want to say goodbye to you. You mean a lot to her. I already plan to call her and say goodbye and explain everything. It's not an excuse, but the day of our date, Shanté came to get the baby and got upset with me, and that baby's the only thing left I have of Jase. The things I said, the way I acted... it was horrible, and I'm sorry. This is Jada. Jada, this is Tracy. Hi. Hi. I see you move on quick. It's not like that. Tracy's an old friend. She's here to drive me to work. Hey, if you guys need me to leave, I can just go. No, stay. He's all yours. Come on. Wait. I don't want to lose your friendship. It's too late for that. Where'd you get this? I don't got nothing to say to you until you tell me exactly why you searched my truck and what the hell this is all about. It's about that $75,000 truck I know you can't afford, the gang activity around it, the 24-hour security detail provided by the 63rd Street Mob. I sell tacos, Detective. I'm not a gangbanger. I serve my food to whoever wants to eat it. You're telling me you don't know anything about that? This is not a game, Brandon. Hood loyalty is bullshit. You better start giving some serious consideration to self-preservation. I'm not the one playing games here, "Alice". Any word on Tristan? How's he doing? He's better. Sarge is helping me get him moved to another facility. Look, why don't you take a break? Step back from this case for a minute. Might be pushing yourself too hard, too far. I've been there. I know what can happen behind that. I have no intention of letting this go, not even for a second. You know how this goes. Touching him up like that was a message. It could get worse. Do you really want to put your son in jeopardy like that? I figured the shit out. Remember the algorithm I told you about? Yeah, the gang's untouchable member? Otis Perry is it. His record is surprisingly clean, despite openly employing active members of the gang, and then there's this. I was up all night till it finally hit me. F is the sixth letter in the alphabet. C is the third. Family C is the 63rd Street Mob. They're not using the gang as muscle. They are the gang. Every gang stamps what they do... block territories, front businesses. This is no different. 63rd's been waving their fucking flag in our face the whole time. Detective Toussaint, we're ready to take your guy for pictures and prints. I'll bring him back in a minute. Who you got in custody? Brandon Johnson. I'm fucking flipping him, just like I told you I would. She seems nice. She hates me... And I deserve it. I did all that work on that car for what? I'm not doing a pity party today, Ronnie. Here. Something to lift both of our spirits. It's from Shanté. In Arkansas? I was gonna catch a Greyhound down there. Wanna come? I don't know. She was pretty upset with me. She knows I talk to you. And when I mentioned your name, she didn't say she didn't want you to come. Besides, I think she's in a better place now, being surrounded by family. My car could make it, but you'd have to drive. Okay. That'll work, but as long as I get to pick the music, because you and your Chicago blues... What's wrong with the blues? Where are we going? Just hold on. What do you think? Utilities included. It's only $300 a month. You gonna rent this place? $300? It's great, right? Mm, baby, why don't you wait until you have some more money? Then you get a real place. When am I gonna have more money, Mom? I got this new job, but... I still got three mouths to feed, too. I know, but... And where am I gonna live in the meantime? You're the one that kicked me out. You gonna let me back in? No. That chapter's closed. So... given all that, what do you think? It's... It has potential. Potential. Yeah. Failure to appear will result in forfeiture of the bond, and a warrant will be issued for Mr. Johnson's arrest. Hey. I heard what happened. People saw it and they told me. I came as soon as I got word. - Are you okay? - No! I'm not. And what people? You mean the gang motherfuckers you had guarding my truck when I didn't know about it? That's why I'm in this situation - in the first place. - Listen to me. Thank you. I never been arrested in my life. I prided myself on that. I understand. Me, either, but it's a minor weapons violation. I got you the best lawyer in town, and we'll get you a nice suit for court. It'll be over before you know it. You need to trust me. Look, I don't want to have nothing to do with this, so tell me what I gotta do to get the fuck out. If it's money, I'll work it off. I'll sell everything I got. Young man, I understand you're scared, but I will handle this... ... And it will go away. I still believe in you, son, so let's stay focused on the goal at hand: to make you a success. I gotta get back to work. All right. What in the hell happened? And what is he doing here? J, just... I'm ready to go. I'll explain when we get home. If I was a betting man, I'd say Kev's mad at us. For what? What'd we do? Making fun of him and Maisha. But that shit was funny, yo! He ain't really mad at that. He can't be. I mean, it's Maisha. Hey, little man. Get in the car. You know him? Yeah, from that pizza joint. For what? Just get in the car 'fore I pick your ass up and put you in here. You better go. Okay, talk. You can start with why you got arrested. I don't know exactly. Well, what did the police tell you, Brandon? That it had something to do with gang activity around my truck. Gang activity? Because of Mr. Perry. Apparently, his name on the street is Douda, and he's 63rd Street Mob. What? He's, like, some kind of street boss. And you've known this for how long? I just found out today, when he bailed me out. Otis Perry bought you a new truck, was investing all this money into you, mentoring you, and you never knew he was 63rd Street Mob? No, I did not. That makes no sense. I don't know what you want me to tell you, J! I just know I don't need you grilling me with 20 questions right now. You know what? I have to get back to the campaign office. So you're just gonna leave and go back to work now? Before I say something I regret, yes. That's what's best right now for me. Is Emmett here? There a reason you ain't returned my calls? 'Cause I ain't trying to hear your mouth. I'm not looking for no lectures or no long-winded-ass stories. Manager? Well, look who's coming up in the world. It's Mr. Bigshot. Can I help you with something? Tiff came by looking for you. Came all the way down here to tell me that? Me and the family met EJ for the first time. He's a handsome boy. We had a wonderful time with him. Well, Tiff had no business doing that. I bring EJ to meet you when I'm ready. Boy, what the hell you talking about? That's my grandchild. And she told me she was pregnant, and hadn't heard from your ass since telling you about it. The hell is that about? And here comes the lecture. You can call it what you want, but you can't leave that girl out in the cold. I may have issues with your mama, but I know she ain't raise you like that. You know what? Me and Tiff don't need you in our business, and I'm not even sure that baby's mine, anyway. Now, why would any girl in her right mind lay a baby on your broke ass? - Okay, look, maybe it's mine. - Mm-hmm. But the point is, I can't be having another baby right now. I'm struggling to take care of the ones I got as it is, and I'm not trying to be like you. Look, unless you got something else to say, I-I gotta get back to work. I got clothes your little brother's grown out of. EJ can use them. So come by the house and get them. Actually, I do have something else to say. Congratulations on your new position. Thank you. Enjoy. Best in the city. I was at that Kenwood game when Jason scored 63 points on them. I ain't know that was your son. I remember what he meant to the South Side. I'd never wish that on nobody, and I know exactly how you feel when you thought you found out who did it. The pain, the rage... I felt the same way when I found out about my little brother. And I ain't saying it's right, 'cause it ain't, and every time I think about you, I wish something bad on you... ... but I get it. I get it. Jason was the reason I got up in the morning. You wanted it to haunt me. It does, man. Every single day. Look, I swear to God, I wish I could bring Coogie back. I'm really sorry for killing your little brother. I'll let you get back to your work. _ Kevin? ♪ We got the cheese to puh-lease ♪ ♪ At Perry's Pizza ♪ ♪ At Perry's Pizza ♪ For dates, friends, and family fun, Perry's Pizza has something for everyone, and we're not just pizza. With over 63 delicious combinations, from pasta and lasagna to burgers and fries... He's quite a young man. Got a lot of potential. Just trying to keep his ass on the right track. This kid shit ain't easy. It takes a village. That's why I asked you to stop by. I'd like to give Jake a job, working for me after school, on the weekends, here at the restaurant. What the fuck he going to do here? Don't underestimate your little brother. I've been watching him. He's a sharp kid. He'll make deliveries, bus tables, take out the trash, make coin exchanges... those sorts of things. The Company needs to develop the next generation in order to secure its future. Jake needs to be insulated from the trappings of the block. There's nothing we can do with him if he has a rap sheet long enough to wipe his ass with by the time he's in the ninth grade. Can you guarantee that won't happen, Reg? So what, you talking about making him official? Something like that. Let me ask you something, Douda. Is there anything that I can do different? Anything you want me to tighten up? You know I'm all about taking the Company to the next level. You're doing a fine job, Reg. You have nothing to worry about. Okay, cool. I'm for it. Nice. Then I should get back to business. Meanwhile, tell the waitress I said to give you guys whatever you want from the menu. - Good day. - Yeah. You see me talking to Mr. Perry? He said you could have whatever you want on the menu. And guess what else. You play your cards right, you might be him one day. What you think about some player shit like that? That'd be cool. It ain't just cool. It's what I've been trying to teach you all along. All right? Let me school you on these darts, 'cause your ass ain't hit a bull's-eye yet. See, look, you gotta line it up like that. Right? Right. What's up, little man? It's Thursday. I'm here for a haircut, remember? Damn. I didn't, but come on. Where's your girlfriend? You're a nosy little something, ain't you? Haven't seen her all day, though. Whatever I told you about women and relationships, I take it back. I thought I knew. Turns out I don't know shit. Me either. How your girl trip? Wasn't her. It was me. My boys were talking shit about her, and I ended up saying something stupid. It happens. If you play your cards right, she'll get over it. What you mean? You gotta fall on your sword. Text her, call her, and keep saying sorry till you get tired, and then after that, say you're sorry again. Guess I could do that. Look. Not following the crowd ain't easy, Kev... ... but if you wanna be a man, it's something you gotta do. How you want it? Like yours. Word. Really? Yeah. It's time to cut it off, anyways. Time to do something different. Well, let's do the damn thing. Something or someone better be on fire, 'cause last time you were here, I told you to never come back. You interested in a peace offering? Clothes for EJ. I told Emmett to come by and get 'em, but betting he ain't gonna show. He's still mad at me. You been in and out of his life, Darnell. Then you ask him for rent. What'd you expect? Uh, wasn't that. He's upset I called him out about the new baby. What new baby? Oh, shit. He ain't tell you. Emmett don't need no more kids. How the hell did this happen? We didn't talk details, Jada, but... I'm guessing the boy just don't like condoms. I wonder where he gets that from. And just when he seemed to be getting on his feet. I mean, how the hell is he gonna get ahead if he keeps having babies on top of babies? Shit. Damn, there's a lot of clothes in here. You know how it is. They outgrow them before you even use them. Yeah. Emmett grew like a weed when he was little. I used to buy clothes two sizes too big. Yeah. But you wouldn't know about all that, since you weren't exactly around for that. Jada, at some point, you're gonna have to stop seeing me as that 25-year-old boy I was when we met. I've changed. You know, Darnell... you are probably telling the truth right now, but... sorry. I've had enough of men preaching the gospel of change to me. Oh, shit. Don't tell me you're on that black women "men are all dogs" train. If the shoe fits... Oh, you're gonna shake your head? Let me edu-ma-cate you. So last week, I was supposed to go on this date, right? Mm-hmm. I get all dressed up, all cute, and here he comes showing up pissy-ass drunk. Who? I know him? N-no, never mi... never mind who. I'm just telling you what dating is like these days for the sisters. - Hmm. - You lucky you married. Hey. Grass is always greener, hmm? Marriage is work. Oh, Lord. As a single woman, there's nothing I hate more than married people talking about how hard marriage is. I'm just saying, me and Cheryl are always so busy. There's kids running around all the time. We're basically roommates. Shit, I can't even remember the last time we had sex. Well, you had enough of it in your day, so you could probably use a break. Or can't you? Yeah. You may have a point. I mean, since sex with Cheryl has never been, you know, like what we had. I'm not being fresh. I'm just telling the truth. Look, we had a real connection in the bedroom. Yeah? Sex was good. Anyway... Can you believe we're gonna be grandparents, - again? - Mm, mm. Yeah. That's crazy. That's for sure. Mm-hmm. Mm! What... what the hell, Darnell? - Mom! - Oh! Da-Darn... Oh, what the fuck? - Emmett, wait, wait. - Oh, my God! - Wait, Emmett, come back! - Oh, my... - Emmett! - It's not what it looks like! Shit. Oh, my God. Dude! Consistently ranked among the ten most dangerous cities in the U.S., Chicago is... Where you going? A trip to Arkansas with Trace. Baby's getting baptized. Well, ain't nobody told me nothing. Is Jada coming over while you gone? Jada's busy, but I got some of your friends from the community center coming over to stay with you. Tracy, huh? What, y'all seeing each other again? No, Grandma. Just going on a road trip for the grandbaby. Another vehicle drove by and opened fire, striking both victims multiple times. Now, according to Chicago police... ... and the Cook County medical examiner's office, the male victim was pronounced dead at the scene and the woman was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital... We're closed. Would you please let me talk to you for a minute? Emmett, I'm your mother. Give me a chance. Why was he even over there? Why you been talking to him, after everything he's done to you over the years, everything he said? Emmett, look. Your dad and I have a history, a very complicated one. Now, I had a lot of dreams attached to a future with that man, and it didn't work out, and I'm fine with that, but... I get lonely. What you mean, you get lonely? You got me. You got work, friends. What you get lonely for? I guess in the moment, my feelings were running deeper than I thought. He's married, Mom. He-he's got a family. - Kids. - I know that, and I would hate nothing more than to disrupt any of that. Then maybe you shouldn't have done it. Maybe you should've kept your shirt on, or maybe you shouldn't be drinking if you can't handle your liquor. Emmett. I'm gonna tell you something shocking. Your mama ain't perfect. She's a woman, and she's figuring her life out, just like you are. You gotta give me room to do that. Can you try and understand? Ma, you can't be figuring out your life with Darnell. Honey, the only thing I need to hear from you right now is "yes". "Yes, I understand, Ma." How many mistakes have you made, and I've never turned my back on you? Yes, Ma. I understand. Thank you. Now... what's this I hear about Tiff being pregnant again, and you not acknowledging the baby? Man, Darnell got a big mouth. Look, you don't gotta say nothing. I know what I gotta do. Good. Then I'll leave you to it. ♪ Heartaches and pains are all around me ♪ ♪ And I don't feel one thing now ♪ ♪ Holes in my shoes ♪ ♪ And less in my pack ♪ ♪ But when I found you, baby ♪ ♪ I got on the right track ♪ ♪ It's wonderful to... ♪ Twenty-three years with total care. It really does replace an entire gym full of equipment. So that's what we doing? The fucking silent treatment? I get arrested and you disappear all day? You been with this motherfucker? What, he more important than me? You get arrested, and that's what you're upset about? How did you buy my ring? I try not to think the worst, to allow myself to buy into all of this but you knew, and you stayed in business with Otis Perry anyway, didn't you? Ain't that simple, J! You don't just get to walk away from this kind of shit. Maybe you can, but I can't. I wouldn't be in this kind of shit. Is this who you're gonna be? Exactly what they want you to be? Some kind of thug? Don't even fucking go there! Just because you on that high and mighty politics shit, you... It ain't got shit to do with that. I don't want to date a man who has an arrest record, does business with gangbangers, and doesn't tell me. This isn't how I want to raise a family. I can deal with a lot of things, but not this. So what are you saying to me? This isn't working for me. You know how hard it was for me to start this business and stay positive with all these doors slamming in my face? Every single day I leave this house, I'm playing defense, and I gotta claw my way up to zero. And where'd you grow up? While you was at your little... Jack and Jill meetings, I was staring into an empty refrigerator, standing on corners, begging people for money, because me and Coogie gotta eat. You privileged, J. And that ain't your fault, but don't think for a second that you gonna talk to me like I'm not a man, because I am, and you don't know shit about being one. I'm not saying your life wasn't rough, but you don't have to fall - into the traps... - Don't come at me with bullshit speeches about traps, 'cause ain't nothing positive about me pulling my pissy-ass mama out of bars and out of different pimps' cars every other week. So you can get the fuck out of here with that fake-ass, bourgie out-of-touch shit that you talking, because I'm sick of it. I'm sick of that shit. We're just... too different. Come on, Jerrika. Don't do this. - Jerrika, don't... - Don't. I'll come back and get my stuff later. When did he start doing that? Eating all by himself? For a while now. Damn. Guess I missed a lot, huh? Think he still remember me? I can tell him you're here, and see what happens. Hey, I'm really sorry I haven't called. I just... freaked out. It is what it is. I'm tripping out about the whole thing, too. You thought about what you want to do? Hey! Guess who's here! Daddy! You want to see Daddy? Ah, shit! Kev out here looking like Idris Elba! And your head ain't even shaped funny. Ha. Thanks. I know this fool ain't doing what I think he doing after I almost got expelled for that shit. - The scorpion and the frog. - What? A scorpion convinces a frog to carry it across the river. Midway across, the scorpion stings the frog. As they drown, the frog asks the scorpion, "Yo, why you do that?" The scorpion says, "It's who I am. It's in my nature." Jake gonna be Jake. This Candyman-looking dude picked him up from school. Don't know what that was about, either. But yo, I've been meaning to talk to you about Maisha. Yo, if you gonna crack jokes... Nah, we was just playing. We didn't even mean nothing by it. Actually, if you like it, I love it. We boys, no matter what. ♪ Father, we've gathered ♪ ♪ Here in your presence... ♪ I'm so glad you guys could come. We wouldn't have missed it. This is beautiful. Yeah, oh. Let me get the keys to the car. Okay, I'll be right back. What you need the keys for? You got a DUI. You know you can't drive. I need the keys, Trace. I need to go somewhere. - Where? - It's my car! I'm not about to argue with you. Now give them to me. But if you come back here drunk, don't come back. It's not much, but it's safe. It's childproof. And you did this all by yourself? Yep. Just me. It's not bad. $300 a month. Pretty good deal. Look, I don't know how I'm gonna take care of a fourth child, but I'ma make it work, and we can figure this shit out together. Cool? I can live with that. Okay. Come on. Come here. This Daddy's new spot. Let's play with some toys. Where did Dad go? All right, go? Missed you, bro. Missed you. H-how'd you find me? You know my grandma. She's kept track of you over the years. Found your address in one of her old phone books. My grandbaby's not far from here. Grandchild? All those years, you lived across the street... - never had a word for me. - Yeah. For a long time, I couldn't figure out why I struggled so much. Even now... ... I did a terrible thing, made an awful mistake, something I'll never forgive myself for. I heard about that. I needed some things from you that I'd been searching all over the place for... ... A sense of family, a real connection... ... A place to belong. ... And searching for that led me to some dark places in my life. But the other day, Coogie's brother... I ran into him, and he did something for me... ... I need to do for you. Forgive. I poured everything I had into this car. I can help you get this back to how it used to be, if you let me. You hungry? I could eat something. Let me get a motherfucking bucket of that crispy spicy, some corn on the cob... I'm gonna need about a straight two dozen of them biscuits, some baked beans... wait, they ain't got no pork in them, do they? - N... - No, no, I'll take it. The crew'll eat it. Um, some of that bomb-ass coleslaw, a pound of brisket, a lot of barbecue sauce on the side. Hell, yeah. A'ight, Big Mike, what you want? What you mean, what he want? You just ordered for a damn army! I can't give y'all all this free food. Man, get me them fries, a tray of gizzards, and 25 wings, mild. Y'all can't be serious, man. We about as serious as that ass-whupping you asked us to put on that child molester. I did fuck him up, didn't I? You was like Mayweather on that ass. Bro, don't take shit so seriously. It's just food. Did you see his face when I took this pie? I don't even like pie. You wild, boss man. Goddamn. What I gotta do? The gun. Let's talk about it. There's three bodies on it. Three bodies carry three life sentences. I ain't never shot nobody in my life, Detective. I believe you, Brandon. You don't strike me as the type. I want Otis Perry. You help me bring him down, and I'll protect you. Can I ask you something? You heard of the scorpion and the frog? Which one am I? It was a land grab. Miss Ethel's home invasion, gang's proceeds from dope and guns, extortion. Run the property value down with the violence, buy up all the homes. Eventually, with a new trauma center, value shoots back up. Gang gentrification at its finest. Oh, and he's the scorpion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 