The Chi: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chi 
 s2e8 - Lean Into It - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chi (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Lean Into It - full transcript 
 Brandon takes a big step with Jerrika. A new opportunity forces Emmett's hand. Kevin makes a new friend and a fateful decision. Ronnie spirals out of control. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Chi... You need to run Douda a bag. Forty-eight hours. Put all that shit in the bag right now, hurry up! - Man, fuck you. - Nah, fuck you and Reg. My brother know what he did. - Oh, shit. - Whoa. Wait! No! Ah! Everybody out! Fire! Fire! Tell me about this new baby in your life. Miss Little, if you brought me all the way down here 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 just to say no to my face, you could've just told me all that on the phone. I did it. - Did what? - Quit. Like you said. What did Gasca Want? He always up in people's shit. No, I-it was nothing. Suddenly Brandon's got his own mini Secret Service detail. Maybe he's selling dope off the truck for the gang. Let me talk to Brandon, see what he tells me. I think you know that's a terrible idea. What you doing? Just betting on me. On us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Have fun y'all. Yeah, yeah, coming, coming. Yo. What do you want? You didn't return my call. Were you calling to tell me that Ronnie Davis is back in jail? Then we don't have nothing to talk about. I need to get back to my renovations. Hey, hey, you need to listen to me. You're the subject of a criminal investigation involving the 63rd Street Mob. Excuse me? You gonna let me in so I don't have to talk about this on the street? You in. Now tell me what the fuck you talking about. We've been surveilling your taco truck. Known members of the 63rd Street Mob have been seen eating there a lot, paying for their food, and they've been watching it. What do you mean watching it? As in guarding it. That's the first I heard of that. What the fuck this got to do with me? And now you got a new truck worth $75,000. It makes me wonder where you got that money. - I-I got an investor. - Who? If you really must know, it's Otis Perry, the pizza dude. Not that it's any of your fucking business. Brandon, if you're selling dope off the truck, you need to stop. So let me get this straight. You standing here in my face, after letting the motherfucker who killed my brother get off, and now you accusing me of being a criminal? I'm not accusing you. I'm giving you a heads-up. I'm trying to open a restaurant. Why would I be getting involved in gang shit? How do you explain everything that's going on around your truck? You can leave now. Brandon, I'm trying to help you. You know how you can help me? You can make the guy who killed my brother pay for it. ♪ The Chi 2x08 ♪ Lean Into It Brandon, come here! Hey, what's up? What are you doing? What do you think about these plates? They white. But do they bring you joy? What? It's a decluttering technique. You're supposed to put all your stuff in piles, and then you hold each item, ask yourself whether it brings you joy. Babe, is this what you about to be doing with the rest of your days now that you a free woman? Because if so, I'm a little scared. I'm batting around a few ideas. I just can't get that lady Patrice I told you about out of my mind. Babe, you just got to relax. It's a little hard to relax when you don't know what you're doing with the rest of your life. Well, you don't have to figure it out today. Why don't you just, I don't know, watch TV? Go to brunch with your girls? Get a mani-pedi? Whatever you do, don't stress. I got you. It's all gonna work out. Easy for you to say. You have a life. Where you going? I got a meeting with Otis Perry. About what? Business. Nothing special. Try to have a good day. And remember, relax. Mm. Hmm. - Breathe. Love you. - Love you. Shh. Shh, shh. I can tell everyone's excited for our long-awaited trip to the Shedd Aquarium. I don't want to temper your enthusiasm, but I'm gonna need you guys to settle down while I get a headcount. You know it's your fault we going on this stupid-ass field trip, right? Would you rather stay in class and learn about the Revolutionary War? I thought not. This trip is gonna broaden our horizons, take Jake's ass to new places, since he never been downtown. What? How is that possible? Okay, we're good. Now we'll be splitting you up into groups. Each group will have a chaperone. Listen to your chaperone. And lastly, some of you know that our sister school, Chicago North Side Academy, will be joining us. So no misbehaving. Don't break anything. And represent Hopkins with pride. Bottom line, folks, don't embarrass me. All right? Buses are waiting. Don't forget to use the restroom on your way out. Once we are on the road, we will not be stopping. Mr. Williams, can I have a second? Chicago North Side Academy is the school I was telling you about. Has your mother been able to look over that brochure I gave you? I don't know. She been kind of busy. Well, let her know that I'm available if she has any questions. Yeah, I'll tell her. What else did this detective say? Did you tell him anything about our partnership? Yeah. He asked, so I told him. I wish you hadn't done that. You are not that dumb, Brandon. The people who are guarding your truck... they work for me. J.B., Reg, two employees I sent you, we're all a part of The Company. But Reg is 63rd Street Mob. So you're 63rd... I'm a businessman, Brandon. And a good businessman has his hands in a few pots. And we made it our business to make sure that The Company evolves over the years. We're not just street niggas no more, standing on a corner slinging crack. Respectfully, Mr. Perry, this ain't what I signed up for. I ain't never been about no illegal shit. What are you telling me, Brandon? Hmm? You don't want my money? Exactly. Okay. Okay, that's fine. Just make sure you pay me back for the cost of the new truck... 75,000. And the 50 Gs I put in your account. - Plus 20 percent interest. - Twenty percent? Yeah, that's the time value of my money. You don't think that I should lose money on you, now, do you? Or we can continue to pursue your dream. I was envisioning... ... a brick-and-mortar restaurant in the West Loop. Perhaps across the street from the restaurant where you used to work. What was that called? Uh, Trestle? Might be kind of nice to give your old boss the middle finger. I'm assuming that you don't, uh, intend on selling tacos from a fucking truck in the middle of February. Do you? It's your choice, Brandon. Oh, but, uh... ... you can't fuck with my money. Yo, man, what the fuck you doing? What you think I'm doing? Okay, well, um, you coming to the aquarium? Of course I'm coming. I'm about to sell these dub sacks. I'm fittin' to make a killing of them North Side rich kids. - How much a dub go for? - Usually 20. But I think I can hit them up for 30. Nigga, what I look like? I ain't fittin' to touch your dick dollars. Ain't even wash your hands. What the hell? Anyway, this is pure THC. It'll knock you off your ass. These rich white kids be traveling from everywhere to get it from Reg, so I figure why not bring it to them? - Let's go! Let's go! - Shit. Get down. The buses are ready to leave now. - Put it in your pocket. - Fuck, no. - Put it in your bag. - Hell, nah. Gentlemen, what are you doing? Nothing. Okay, then let's go. Get on the bus. Come on, Kev. I picked the safari one 'cause Jason loved The Lion King. And I had a stuffed lion just like this when I was a kid. Took that thing with me everywhere. And now you have one just like it. You really didn't have to buy all this, Ronnie. It's a lot. What are you talking about? This here my granddaughter. Ain't enough gifts in the world for her. So how's the job search going? There's not a lot out there. Thought about nursing? Not really. I mean, it's interesting, but... 'Cause I asked my friend Jada to talk to you about it. Um... okay. I don't really know if I'm into it like that, just... Classes at the community college start up next month. And I read there's a shortage of nurses right now in the country. They make good money. You'd be really good at it. Okay. I guess I could look into it. I'll do it for you. I can pick up the brochure from the college. God, she's growing so fast. Hey, do you mind if I take her to meet my grandma tomorrow? She'd love to meet her. Um, I don't know, Ronnie. Now, don't tell me you couldn't use a break. I mean... I could get some laundry done around here. She'll be totally safe with me. There. Okay, but only for a couple hours. Do you hear that, Jordan? You're gonna meet your great-gran, Miss Ethel. Oh, come on. Let 'em know ETA five out. Ambulance mean cops showing up. What the hell going on? They just found Peaches in the hallway OD'd. Paramedics had to hit her with that Narcan pen. Are you fucking kidding me? They taking her to St. Bernard. Who the fuck sold to Peaches? I don't know. But these niggas know the drill. Fire up the G-Wagon. I'm gonna head up St. Bernard. Got you. You got a problem. The Obama clone? He's a rube. Maybe, but so was Obama when he lost to Bobby Rush. Then that rube became president. - I'm not worried. - You should be. He's young, charismatic, and he's hitting you where you're vulnerable. Old-school politics versus new, passion and principle versus cronyism and corruption. Everyone knows you're dirty, Alderman. I know it personally, and he's gonna bury you with it. He's five points behind. He's within the margin of error. Why are you here, Jerrika? You have a constituent, Patrice Jenkins. She got pushed out of her Section Eight apartment by Mrs. Brown's condo development. So why aren't you talking to Mrs. Brown about that? Because I just like you better. You're gonna give Patrice a low-income unit somewhere else. I got a line around the block for those units. Why would I jump your friend to the front? Because if you don't, I'll call the Tribune and tell them how you extorted $50,000 from me and Mrs. Brown. You wouldn't shoot yourself or Mrs. Brown in the foot like that. I actually don't work for her anymore. A nice photo-op with Patrice will help you push back against Nelson. Plus, I know you have your eye on running for mayor soon. You could be the next Harold Washington. You're a fast learner, Jerrika. What was it that you told me? Politics is a dirty business. I'll make sure your office can get in touch with Patrice. Hey, Pyro Pete! Your fire-happy ass burn down any other buildings lately? I don't believe this. Boy, don't be getting soft on me. Sonny, man, how you doing? It's good to see you. I'm a little slow, but good otherwise. Look, before you say anything, I just want to say I'm really, really sorry for what happened to the restaurant. I got a little money to help you with the deductible. It's not a lot, but it's something. Boy, I ain't about to take nothing from you. You got enough mouths to feed as it is. I didn't ask you here about no money. Well, then why am I here? Two reasons. First was to thank you. You saved my life. No, I-I can't let you thank me. I-I-I burned down your restaurant. The second is to tell you the insurance money was actually good. So good that if I'm careful rebuilding this location, I can open another one. Yo, that's great. So Sonny's gonna be a chain. Two restaurants ain't no chain, boy. And since my daughter's making me cut back on my hours, I'll need a manager. So you want a job? Manager? You mean, like, run the kitchens? Hell, no. Ain't nobody putting your ass near a damn oven again. You keep the supplies ordered, deal with the vendors, and do that social-media stuff. I lost a lot of customers when I was away, and I know you're good at it 'cause what you did for Brandon. Always got your face in that damn phone of yours. Wow, I... I can't believe this. It's a yearly salary, not hourly. - With benefits. - Benefits? Your problems in the kitchen aside, you a good worker. So you interested? I'll, uh, have to think about that. You got kids, you got bills. What's there to think about? Oh, you trying to negotiate. Okay, we can do that. Yeah. Think about it. Talk it over with your financial team. How come you never been downtown? Man, I don't know. I guess nobody ever took me before. What you mean "took me"? You can take the 3 King Drive bus straight up and down Michigan Avenue. Stop riding him, Kev. Let the man enjoy his new surroundings. This is so exciting. - Yo, is that the ocean? - Come on, hurry up! Oh, my Lord, the man doesn't know the difference between a lake and an ocean. We in trouble. Nah, it's Lake Michigan. Nice, right? Yeah. It's beautiful. What the fuck? Look at they bus. Exactly how much candy did they sell? Yo, who won y'all fund-raiser? What fund-raiser? Ain't that some shit? We really are the broke-ass public-school kids. All right, everyone, let's go! Aquarium is that way. Mr. Williams, you forgot your backpack on the bus. Oh, uh, I thought I could leave it. Nope, got to take everything with you. I'm not bringing that shit inside. That's why I left it on the bus. - Put it in your bag. - How the fuck can we do that right now without getting caught? I don't know. You were the one that wanted to bring it. Just keep it. I'll get it later. Man, fuck. Five hundred and twenty-three candy bars later, I finally made it. All right, listen up! Miss Collins and I have assigned you each to a group, half Hopkins, half North Side. Now, remember, the goal is to get to know each other. Stanley, Jake, Lauren, Demarcus, Elizabeth, Robert, Mercedes, group A. Kevin, Malcolm, Melanie, Monique, Donte, Fiona, William, and Alison, group B. Mr. Gasca, why are you splitting us up? Yeah, why? That's not fair. Go to your group, Jake and Papa. You boys will survive a day without each other. Kevin, you're with group B, with Malcolm. Malcolm? Kevin Williams, I'd like you to meet Malcolm Whitman. He used to be one of my students at Hopkins. Now he buses up to Chicago North Side Academy from the South Side. Doesn't live too far from you, actually. I was thinking it might be cool if you guys spent the day together, got to know each other a little bit. You can ask him about his experiences. - Sound good? - No. I already got friends. Ah, you can make new ones. - What's up? - Hi. Unless you plan on robbing a bank, you need to tell your woman to borrow the cash from that fat cat daddy of hers and pay that crazy motherfucker, Douda, who I told you was crazy, every penny of his money. He not fucking around with you, boy. I can't do that. 'Cause doing that means I got to tell Jerrika everything, and she was the one who warned me not to get involved with him in the first place. And me. Hardheaded ass. Well, if you don't tell her, she gonna find that shit out eventually. You know how women are with their spidey senses and shit. They can actually smell a crime before the shit happens. They... ... just smell that shit, you know? Is that what happened to your lip? I told you what happened to my lip, okay? It's just... like, it's a reaction. That shit just blew up like that like a fucking life raft. I was eating some falafel, and that shit just did that, but, nigga, fuck all that, okay? All I'm saying is that last time you lied to her, she broke up with your ass. Can y'all just help me figure out some sort of solution? You need to sell that new truck and get what you can for the other one. I'm not selling my food truck. I might sell the new one. I might bring this engagement ring back, but I'm not selling my damn food truck. Even if you sold both trucks and took the ring back, I-it's still not enough. Okay, I got it. What? They got these late-night commercials where people can sell their livers and kidneys and shit, right? You need to take your ass down there and sign up. Man, what? Wait, wait, wait, hold on, B. Greavy's got something right now. I-I mean, he's... no, he's definitely on some "sunken place" type shit. What I'm saying is that I see where he's going. He's saying that you got to liquidate. You feel me? Like, what do you have attached to your name right now that's worth some money? We sitting in it... this house. Oh, shit, now you tripping. You want another busted lip? Greavy, we did already talk about selling the house, and we renovating it. Flipping this house can definitely get this man exactly what he needs to get this Douda cat off his ass. Man, damn. Hand me another fucking beer. You know sharks never stop moving? Yeah, I know. I've been here before. A hundred times before. Is that a hammerhead? Did you know you can measure a shark's age by counting the rings on his vertebrae? And they don't really like the taste of humans, so even if they do bite you, they'll usually let you go right away. Anyways, this is the only part of the aquarium I like. The rest of it's pretty fucking weak. Yeah, that's what I've been saying. The first time it's straight, but how many times you supposed to be excited to watch the Aquatic Presentation? Right? Only time I want to see dolphins and whales is if they fighting sharks. Exactly. You know what my favorite part about sharks is? Seven rows of teeth. That'd be dope. I would never go to the dentist. Lose a tooth, who cares? Mine is probably the fact that they can smell one drop of blood in millions of drops of water. Wow. For real? Yep, either that or the fact that they don't have any bones. How you know so much about sharks? It automatically syncs up with the exhibits. Huh, cool. My school gives them to the students for free. Damn. That's what's up. So, if you could be any shark, what would it be? That's easy. I would be a great white. That way, nobody would fuck with me. Huh. What's going on? Huh. Go, Jake. Go, Jake. Go, Jake. Oh, that's Jake. He one of my best friends. Cool. Go, Jake. Go, Jake. ♪ I be flee as shit, I be flee as shit ♪ ♪ No tricking shit, Patron get me gone ♪ ♪ That Rémy get 'em on ♪ ♪ I got red bottoms on ♪ ♪ Now yo bitch wanna bone ♪ ♪ Flee as shit, flee as shit, I got bad hos on my dick ♪ ♪ I be riding foreign whips ♪ ♪ And I ain't tricking on no bitch ♪ ♪ I'm flee as shit, flee as shit ♪ ♪ I got bad hos on my dick ♪ Everyone, Soul Train is over. Lunchtime. Hopkins students, I have your lunches over here. I guess that's all y'all get for now. Hey, you want to go get something to eat? Oh, um, my school's not eating in the café here. We brown-bagging it. That's okay, I got you. For real? Yeah, let's go. Let me guess, your school paying for it? ♪ Yo, Mike, what it is, yo? ♪ ♪ So I get a little, grinding daily ♪ ♪ 'cause I can't get a nine to five, so I grind my ride ♪ What it do, boss? She gonna be all right this time. Need to get her ass in rehab. Man, I feel your pain, but you've been doing your best to help her, though. You sure it was him, and that's how it went down? You sure you don't want to take this inside? No, I want they ass to know just how much I don't give a fuck. Because the only thing I hate more than someone fucking with my money is repeating my motherfucking self. Because if I have to repeat myself, that mean y'all ain't listening. And if y'all are not listening to me, that mean y'all don't respect me. And that's a fucking problem. Now, you see this is what happens when you let a dope fiend suck your dick and all common sense goes out the fucking window. - Ah! - Get your bitch ass up. For the last fucking time, don't sell Peaches a motherfucking thing, ever! Somebody get this nigga some cocoa butter. Yo, you see that beluga whale? The one with the goofy forehead? You hear she fittin' to have a baby? What? Jake, Papa, meet Malcolm. - What's up? - What's up? Hey. Spaghetti. Garlic bread. Where you get all that? Malcolm got it for me. And we stuck with bologna sandwiches? Sure. Nice. Thank you. The building's located in Armour Square, and the unit should be ready to be moved into in a few weeks. I don't know how to thank you. Believe me, letting the Tribune do a story is thanks enough for the Alderman. Yes, the story's gonna be great, but your support and vote mean more. One more with the two of you together. That's great. All right. Alderman, you have a two o'clock. Oh, duty calls, ladies. Thanks, Alderman. How did you get him to agree to this? I just made your problem his problem. - He owes me. - Well, thank you. - You're welcome. - No, really. I was pretty harsh on you when we first met. I was feeling pretty beaten down then. - I'm sorry. - Don't be sorry. It might sound weird, but you helped me in a way. And this is just a drop in the bucket. I actually wish I could do more. Well, maybe you can. There's a lot of people in my position. I know you can't get them all apartments, but maybe you could at least meet with some of them. Well, hello, there. You just as cute as a little button, ain't you? Can we keep that baby? Miss Ethel has not fussed one bit since she's been here. I know. If I knew a baby was a magic charm, I would've made a point to have one a long time ago. I was watching you with her earlier. You're good with kids. I'm hoping Shanté will let me spend a lot of time with her. I'm sure she will. She got to be really grateful for all your help. Raising a child with no father around, it's always tough. Well, I guess all the single mothers are getting a break today. You ready for a little seafood tonight? - Mm. - I made a reservation for 8:30 at Joe's on Grand. I am. Mm, downtown. Fancy. Come here. I'm looking forward to tonight. Mmm. Me too. Um, I better get going. Give myself time to put myself together. - Babe. - Hmm? I thought we agreed you were gonna relax. No more decluttering. I'm prepping for a community meeting here tonight for low-income residents who are looking for housing. Hmm, I guess that's better than you changing all the plates. Oh, uh, I looked into comps on houses in your mom's neighborhood. They're pricing around 175. Thousand? Mm-hmm. That's great! Well... - Well, what? - I took an extra step and talked to my friend who works at a title company. She ran the title. Your mom took out a second mortgage a few years back when the rates were really low. So what does that mean? Between the first and the second mortgages, you'll probably only net 20K. Fuck. Why are you even talking about selling the house anyway? Isn't Greavy still living there? Where's he gonna go if you sell it? Mr. Perry's been talking to me about expanding... opening an actual restaurant. Wow, B, that's huge. Yeah, he wants to front the whole thing, but if I let him do that, then he gonna control it. Hmm. And I want to be an equally vested partner. Equally vested partner? Look at you, sounding like a boss. That's a gutsy move, babe. I got to do something, build off the momentum from the food truck. Look down the board a couple of moves for our future. "Our future"? Yeah, I mean... I just got to think ahead instead of burying myself in more trouble. What's wrong, babe? Hmm? Nothing. Nothing's wrong. - Are you sure? - Yes, absolutely. Hmm. W-what? I don't know. It just... feels like you're hiding something. Call it a woman's intuition. Well, your intuition is wrong. Okay. You got a PS4? Why, you trying to get smoked in some 2K? Yeah, yeah, what's your handle? Bet. So how is North Side? It's all right. It's school. Yeah. What time you got to get up in the morning to be there? I ain't even gonna lie... early. How early is early? "It's dark outside" early. Dang, that's messed up. For real, for real, though. The teachers are really nice, and the students are... You know, you just got to be okay with being the black kid and people seeing you as the poor kid from the ghetto. And you probably won't have any friends but me, of course. So you're telling me you ain't never had a fund-raiser for nothing, ever? That don't make no sense. Dude, so we're having a party next week, and you got to come. My dad's getting Kanye's DJ. - Where is it? - My place. Lincoln Park. Uh, I don't really know. I don't really go to the North Side. Oh, come on, you have to. You have to show us some more moves. All right, I'll try and come. Yeah, I'll holler at you later. Cool, I'll come over sometimes. The lease says they can evict you for alcohol use that threatens the health or safety of others. Now, how does my husband getting tipsy on his birthday one night and tripping over the front stoop do that? Hmm. CHC evicted me for letting my boyfriend crash with me when his job put him on night shift. And that's also supposedly a violation of the lease? He was there two weeks, just trying to clock some overtime. He was even gone by the time CHC filed the complaint against me. - Hmm. - I've heard rumors about unjust CHC evictions. Helen, tell her what happened to you. They put me out after they arrested my grandson for selling marijuana. Now, the charges were dismissed, but the arrest was enough for the CHC. I've lived in that apartment for over 30 years, and they put me on the street within three months. Mm-mm. I mean, I know they're redeveloping buildings and selling to private developers, but they're not supposed to evict people to do that. And they have to pay to relocate all the tenants... Unless they've already been evicted. - Mm-hmm. - This is messed up. We need to stop this. You have any great ideas, we all ears. Well, uh, what about an exposé in the paper? I have a friend at the Tribune. Helen and I were profiled last year. - Yes. - What about protests? We could spread the word, get people to march outside CHC. We did that. I'm still going to court for an arrest I got for picketing. Protests didn't even make the news. Mm-mm. A class-action lawsuit. We get a bunch of people who've been evicted... We met with Legal Aid last year. They tried to file a lawsuit, but they couldn't certify a class. Mm-mm. I see you guys have been around the block on this. Mm-hmm. - Oh, yeah. Wait, are you a lawyer? Can you come up with a case? I went to law school, but I haven't taken the bar. Well, this was nice. Yeah. - Mm, back to square one. - Oh. - Cassio. - Hey. ♪ Womp, womp, womp-womp, she give me what I wanna ♪ ♪ Ball so hard, need a warm-up ♪ ♪ I bagged her at the Walmart, yeah ♪ ♪ I beat the pussy, drummer ♪ ♪ I roll up no more drama, yeah ♪ Yo! ♪ Ball so hard, need a warm-up ♪ ♪ I bagged her at the Walmart, yeah ♪ ♪ Big-timer stunner, I'm out here on the come-up ♪ Bro, what the fuck you want, bro? I need to come in. So I'm assuming you heard that I met with Mr. Perry. Welcome to the team. I ain't on nobody's team. Then why the fuck you here? 'Cause I wanna know what the fuck Otis Perry is doing. You mean Douda. Mr. Perry is your investor. Douda is the motherfucker that got you banging on my door like you the fucking police. Mr. Perry, Douda, whatever, man. Why is he investing in my business? My dude, didn't you grow up on 63rd and Yates just like me? So? Then why you care why he giving you money? Don't run from this shit, lean into it. It's way too much pressure on niggas trying to be good these days, trust me. Being the bad guy is way less stressful. - You got a girl, don't you? - Yeah. And you broke as shit, ain't you? I can handle my own. But can you handle hers, too? How long you think she gonna stay with your broke ass? You know it's a shelf life on the struggle with these bitches. You need to roll with Douda and get your best life, playa. Ain't like you got a choice. If this cat don't care about killing a white woman in broad daylight, he'd care even less about killing your black ass. Wait, wait, what white woman? Do I look like eyewitness news? Read the fucking paper. ♪ Old-school look undone ♪ ♪ But you still wanna buy one ♪ ♪ Bitch look like Wonder Woman, high fashion... ♪ Ronnie, what's going on? I got it, Grandma! Where have you been with my daughter? You were supposed to bring her back two hours ago! Shanté, I must have misheard. I thought we said five o'clock. No, we didn't, Ronnie. We said three. And I've been calling your phone off the hook. I'm really sorry. I-I forgot. My grandma turns the ringer off when she's taking a nap. Fine, just give me her diaper bag so I can go. It's right here. I got you the nursing class schedule. I'm gonna put the brochure right here in the bag for you, just... - Stop it, Ronnie. - What? Look, I know you loved Jason, and I know you mean well, but you're not even Jordan's real grandfather. She has one already. Come on. Okay, um, look, we'll just, uh... I'll come by in a few days. No, Ronnie, don't. We're fine. Just give us some space. Where's the baby? What happened? You turned off the damn ringer is what happened! And now you just ran off my granddaughter! Which one? Red or black? I told you, I ain't picking till you tell me who you going out on a date with. And it best not be no Tinder date either. Mamas ain't got no business dating online. What? Nothing. It's just good to see you enjoying my cooking. You saying you miss me? Visiting, yes. Living with you, nah. So how's work? I got a job offer. - That's great. Where? - Sonny's. He offered me a managerial position. You know, it's like a real job... good pay, benefits. But? I don't know, Ma. I don't want to just be the guy who works at the chicken joint his whole life. It feels small. Honey, you're gonna have to start somewhere. You don't have a high-school diploma. You don't think I know that? But I got kids. I got to work. Would you listen to me? Listen! What I'm trying to tell you is you can't expect to start at the top. That's not reality. But wherever you do start, you'll rise up quickly. You a natural-born salesman, Emmett. Thanks, Mom. You're welcome. Now, which one? ♪ There's no place, no place, no place I'd rather be ♪ Ronnie. I'm going out with Ronnie. Hold on. Ronnie who killed Brandon's brother, Coogie? No, no, no. You can't go out with him. Hell, no. I forbid you! Emmett, I had the same exact reservations, but there's more to him, and he's trying, so... let's see what happens. Well, at least let me get a key to your place, then. I ain't trying to move back in, but if you're gonna be dating, I just want to be able to check on you. Fine. I'll get you a key. Red dress with the black heels. They cute, and they won't hurt your feet. And-and you better not sleep with him. Mm-mm. Hold up! What's your name, you little badass? Jason. Really, Ronnie? Three waffles? Keep working on your left hand. You call me "sir"! Don't you put your hands on my son! You're hurting me! You ain't my daddy! You can't put your hands on my child like that. Let's not make a big deal out of this. - You're not yourself. - Protect him, that's all. I'm trying, Trace. I swear to God, I am! That's what you should've done. You are not Jordan's real grandfather. She has one already. Where'd you get that chain? I gave my boy that chain. - It's my chain. - Take the fucking chain! Then take the chain, man! Shit. ♪ You've got to take the first step ♪ ♪ To reach the... ♪ Amazing. I got one question, though. How the hell you get Mr. Belvedere here serving and a spread like this and not have no Red Rooster Hot Sauce on the table? I appreciate you making time to break bread with me. Well, I appreciate the invitation. Let's not ignore the pink-ass elephant in the room, though. Your man Reg hit one of our stash spots for a grip of cash. Took us a minute to figure it out, but the facts are fucking irrefutable. I'd prefer to settle this like gentlemen and offer terms before shit gets out of hand. I don't want a war. Neither do I. And I hope me having you in my home shows you how serious I am about making peace. You now know where I lay my head. Still... that young blood has to be taught a lesson. Let me pay you back what you lost. You can decide the interest. This ain't about money. It's about respect. Doing what you got to do to protect your own... family. You give us your man Reg, we square. It's the principle of the matter. I-I hear you, but what I'm trying to say... Don't tell me Douda's getting soft in his old age. He's raising his little brother alone. Touching. Not my motherfucking problem. You have our terms. They are beyond generous. Inaction on your part... You know how this go, right? ♪ The day you realize ♪ ♪ There's nothing to stop you ♪ Thanks for the meal, man. ♪ This is where the road begins ♪ - That it? - Yeah. Okay. Give me a whiskey. One of those minis. Two, actually. Hey, watch where you're going, asshole! Get the fuck out of the road, drunk-ass nigga! You hear someone got killed by a great white in Massachusetts last week? We're not at the aquarium. No sharks today, man. All right? I had enough. Okay, what do you want to talk about, then? I don't know. Music. I like Valee. Yeah, he-he dope. I saw him at the House of Blues. For real? How'd you get tickets? A kid at school. His dad owns Ticketmaster. Hmm. No shit. Damn. - Want to play another one? - Okay. Oh, uh, sorry. That ain't mine. Don't worry. I'm not tripping. North Side Academy's full of drugs. How much you want for it? Well, uh, like I said, it-it's my friend's. I got to give 'em back. But he said it's pure THC. It's worth 30 bucks. That's it? I can get 45 for THC at my school. I could sell it by lunchtime tomorrow. For real? Definitely. Can you get more of it? I don't think getting more of it's gonna be a problem. Jada! Coming. Hey, Jada. What took you so long to open the door? Ronnie, are you okay? I'm fine. I'm ready for our date. Well, let me get my purse. Ronnie, are you drunk? Me? Nah. Damn, Jada. You look fine as hell. Why don't we stay in and just get right to it? What, are-are you crazy? You are drunk. Get the fuck out... get the fuck out of here, Ronnie! You know you want to give me some of that pussy. Get the fuck out of my fucking house before I call the cops on you! Get the fuck out! Come on, Jada, let's get dinner. ♪ Embers ♪ ♪ Falling from the incense burning ♪ ♪ Timbers ♪ ♪ Caught up in a deep thought yearning ♪ ♪ For answers ♪ ♪ I never get, I can't forget ♪ ♪ I often sweat when haunted nightly by regret like ♪ It's nine o'clock at night. Why are you texting me to meet you out here? I knew you were up to something. Are you gonna tell me why you've been acting so weird? Maybe. I wanted you to come out here because it was you. You were the first to believe in me, to invest in me. Jerrika, you've been with me through thick and thin... through everything. And I am not perfect. And I want to give you the best life I can the best way I know how. I don't want to kneel 'cause I want to be standing for this. I want to stand... to show you that... I'm committed to being the man that you want me to be. Jerrika Little... ♪ Afraid of all your fears ♪ Will you marry me? Yes! ♪ Than over your shoulder, I'm here ♪ - I love you. - I love you. ♪ Afraid of all your fears... ♪ Let's get this on. Ah. ♪ I've been waiting on... ♪ I knew you were hiding something from me! ♪ I finally realized that I'm here ♪ ♪ I finally realized that I'm here ♪ ♪ Yeah, I've been waiting ♪ ♪ On the moment ♪ What the fuck? Let's go, Ronnie. ♪ I was born on a small city lakeside ♪ ♪ Dream bigger than the motherfucking state line ♪ ♪ Mama taught me how to build it from the ground up ♪ ♪ And a job was never done until the paint dry ♪ ♪ Drug dealers ain't believe I have an iPhone ♪ ♪ 'Cause ain't nobody ever, ever trying to FaceTime ♪ Uh, you proposed on the truck? Please tell me you had a thousand roses or some violins, some R&B; romantic-type shit. Man, I don't need all that with J. I just poured my heart out to her. She really love your ass. That's what's up. Congrats, man. - Thank you. - Yeah. Um, there is something I need to tell you, though. - It's, uh, work-related. - Me too. I was gonna see if you wanted to pick up some extra hours 'cause I'm gonna keep that new truck and I could use you. That's cool, but see... actually, uh, I quit. Sonny is doing some rebuilding, and I'm taking a new position as a manager. Damn. So it's over? Look, bro, it's... it's not you. I-it's me. Well, can we at least still be friends? Of course. Don't ever doubt what we had was real. I mean, are you still gonna call and text? I'm gonna call and text. Damn, congratulations. - Yeah. - Man, I'd be lying if I said I ain't gonna miss your ass, though. Bro, I'm still gonna be in the neighborhood. And you ain't gonna need me around no way, now you got Mr. Perry backing you. You about to blow up! And there's one last thing we need to settle, though, and this is serious. What? You got to hear me when I say this. What, motherfucker? Get your ass some real sneakers. They gym shoes. They ain't sneakers. They sneakers. Where you sneaking to? - The gym. - Thank you. ♪ Dope on the scale, got shit for sale ♪ ♪ Except in my Benz, of course ♪ ♪ I got one hand on my dick and one foot on the game ♪ ♪ Keeping my family sane ♪ Yo, Reg. I met some new kids at the aquarium. They having a party on the North Side Saturday. You mind taking me? What the fuck I look like to you, a soccer mom? They just want me to listen to some music and teach them some new dances. You sell them dub sacks I gave you? - No. - Then that's your answer. Now handle that garbage while I handle this business. Douda, my man. Everything cool? There's a delicate balance that needs to be maintained in order to conduct business discreetly in our ecosystem, but you, my young friend, like it noisy. I understand you disciplined an employee in public. What the fuck was that about? It wasn't about business, Douda. It was personal. He sold dope to a hype I didn't want him selling to. My little brother Jake's mama. He don't know who she is. Trying to keep her alive, hoping she get her shit together and be a part of his life. Hey, little man. Come holler. Hey. I remember you. You gave a pizza party at my school. I did. Sharp mind you got there. How's school going anyway? I mean, it's good, I guess. Oh, we got to be doing a lot better than "I guess." I mean, it's all right. We went to the aquarium the other day. Low key, that was cool. That's nice. Keep being open to new things, you hear? Yes, sir. Yeah. Reg. You did what you had to do to protect your own. And that I understand. We all got to do that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 