The Chi: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chi 
 s3e7 - A Stain - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chi (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 7 - A Stain - full transcript 
 Ronnie laments a loss. Emmett and Dom get help from landlord Zeke in their new effort. Kiesha is resigned to her fate but vows to fight. Jemma melts Kevin's heart. Politics pit Douda against Camille. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Ronnie] Previously on The Chi... Can I help you? I thought I heard someone screaming the other night. During the blackout. My wife thought she heard something too. - Is your wife here? - Not at the moment, no. You mind if I use your bathroom? [Kiesha, muffled] Help! Help! Help me! Help! Help! - [Kiesha] Help me! - You hear that? - [kettle whistling] - I must be hearing things. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Happens to me all the time. Your love has been tested. It will be tested again. You might as well say something, 'cause you ain't getting no more free weed. Your dick is the force. It'll always need more than her pussy can provide. That bitch is crazy. You better not be cheating. I am never gonna cheat on you. You my one and only, I promise. Otis "Douda" Perry has never cared about anything but himself. He ain't [bleep]. He never will be [bleep]. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Stop talking to the press. That dyke ain't come to me. - I called her. - Why would you do that? She'll make a wonderful mayor. Much better mayor than my son could ever be. I love you too, Ma. [overlapping chatter] The fuck is going on here? Uh... Shut this shit down and get the fuck out my establishment. Hey, Miss Rich-Rich. ♪ Uneasy music ♪ What's wrong? It's my fault those kids know about your sister. - Why would you do that? - I'm sorry. You think buying me shit's gonna make the situation better? Kiesha could be dead right now. [Ronnie] She just in her twilight, but she used to own the place. This place was like a jazz sanctuary. We was just happy to be black and far away from the South. That is one night to remember, Ronnie. How's that, Grandma? Grandma? [sobbing] ♪ somber music ♪ My grandma loved me more than my own mama did. No matter what bad things I done, she always found a way to tell me she was proud. She may have cussed me out first or hit me upside the head... [laughter] ...but eventually she'd always find a way to tell me... ...she just wanted what was best for me. I still haven't done enough to make you proud of me yet, Grandma, but I will, 'cause I know you're looking down, waiting for me to be the man you raised me to be. To my angel. [all] To Miss Ethel! Damn, that was long. I see why Miss Ethel didn't want no funeral. Black folks be long-winded as fuck, man. Nigga, that was his grandmother. All I'm saying is, we need to obey the woman's wishes. She hated people fussing over her. If she was here now, she'd be telling us to kiss her black ass. All right. It was good seeing you. Jada. Ronnie. Uh, I didn't expect you to show. Your grandmother meant a lot to me. She wasn't just a patient. She was a friend. I'm gonna miss her. Stay. Please. What do you want, Ronnie? Right, um... I never got a chance to apologize for what happened when we were together. We were never together. Well, I mean, last time I saw you when I came over, I... I was drunk and, uh... Maybe you should stop drinking. Yeah, I know. Do you? 'Cause I saw you standing up there, giving this great speech about how you gonna make Miss Ethel proud, and... [sighs] ...you ended up drowning your sorrows in brown liquor. Well, a lot of people drink at funerals. Yeah, but you got a drinking problem, so maybe you should sip on something else. That's why my grandma liked you. 'Cause you always spoke the truth, whether folks wanted to hear it or not. [sighs] Look, Ronnie, I... I gotta go, but... I wish you the best. I really do. You too. ♪ Soft jazz ♪ ♪♪♪ [groans softly] Mm. Oh. I overslept. How come you didn't wake me? Well, I can't blame you. We both had a long night, didn't we? ♪ Tense music ♪ ♪♪♪ ♪ dramatic hip-hop music ♪ ♪♪♪ - Thank you. - You're welcome. [Emmett] Hey. Why would you bring your baby with you? Tiff had to make a few drop-offs across town, so she couldn't keep him, but he'll be all right. [sighs] Oh, God. Listen, don't fuck this up. I'm gonna give him a juice box before the meeting. It's like Xanax to these kids. It better be. Look, relax. Take some deep breaths. In through your mouth, out through your nose. Do it with me. [both breathe deeply] ♪ smooth music ♪ ♪♪♪ So y'all want me to evict Sonny. Come on now. That's coldblooded, y'all. I was raised on his chicken. You don't like his chicken? Yeah, we... we love... Look, I love Sonny like a uncle. He's always been there for me when I needed him, put money in my pocket when I was broke. But the way he doing things ain't working no more. - Mm-mm. - You going up on the rent. Look, I don't want to, but I don't have no choice. We know that, and the real is he can't afford to pay you. But we can. Listen, what we're trying to say is, we're still gonna call it Sonny's, all right? But just for the new generation. All she's saying is, we the next generation. Yeah. What do you mean, next generation? This ain't Star Trek. Bro, this is a win-win situation. All right, you bring in somebody new, they're not gonna know the customers, they're not gonna know the neighborhood, they're not gonna know how shit works. - Mm-mm. - They ain't gonna last. Look, but I'm from that block. I know that kitchen like the back of my hand. - We doing you a favor. - [EJ] Da-Da! Oh, okay, that's what this is. You brought the kid in here, thinking you was gonna soften me up, and I was gonna do whatever you wanted me to do. I don't think so, okay? You can't get one over on me. I'm trying to build a legacy for him. I'm trying to build a legacy for myself. [Emmett] Look, come on, man, the numbers don't lie. And my food is bomb. Look. I brought you a piece of cake. - You made that cake? - Mm-hmm. Your cake does look tasty. [chuckles] [clears throat] And juicy and-and moist. Look, look, I'm not... I'm not gonna be distracted. Look here, man, I... I can't evict Sonny, okay? I can't have that on my conscience. So thank you for coming. Nice talking to you. Take care. Thank you. - [Emmett sighs] - Don't forget your baby. Get your baby. Here's your business permit. Thank you for coming. I appreciate you. - Thanks. - [Zeke] This was nice. [approaching footsteps] Shit's finally hit the fan for Camille. I surpassed her in the polls. You seen these numbers? Yeah, I saw it. And you ain't impressed? Not really. She ain't gonna go down without a fight, so I wouldn't get too comfortable if I was you. Who said I was comfortable? Oh, you really feeling yourself right now. I'm happy your ass finally got on top, but you gonna have to figure out how to stay there. Isn't that your job? Oh, you gonna let me do my job now. [sighs] You still mad because I barked at you in front of my mother? I'm pissed that you did that commercial calling her crazy without consulting me first. It was genius. It was messy, and it could have backfired. Well, it didn't. We're supposed to be a team, which means that you got to trust me. Honesty is not your strong suit. I was fucking a bitch for a few months. - So what? - She was my secretary. I said I was sorry. Hey, hurry up and eat. I don't want you to be late for school. [sighs] I'm not hungry. Fine, then don't eat. Oh, but don't forget, we got that dinner party tomorrow night. So I want you both there and on your A game. You want us to tap dance? This dinner could make or break my campaign. So I want you both there, dressed in your Sunday's best, standing right beside me, understand? I ain't no prop, nigga. Who the fuck you think you talking to? What you gonna do, hit me? Do that shit then. I'm sure it wouldn't be the best look for you, I'm walking around with a black eye, now, would it? I ain't think so. You know she ran before she could walk? She would pull herself up by a chair and then just take off. Whenever we were in an open space, she'd let go of my hand and just go. Like she was always searching for freedom. ♪ Gentle music ♪ ♪♪♪ You know what? I can't do this. I changed my mind. If it's too hard, I can handle it. I don't need you to handle it. I don't want to pack up her shit like she's just gone off to school or like... Like she's never coming back. Babe, this is not us giving up on Kiesha. ♪♪♪ That's what it feels like. I just feel like this room is haunting you, and it's hard to watch. I'm not ready for this. Fine. - Let's leave it as is. - Yeah. Let's just do that. I'm not giving up hope. I can't tell. Babe? I knew I shouldn't have trusted that nigga. I could've told you that. I can't believe he using me like this. Well, that's what politicians do. Don't you pay attention in history class? Nah. How you know Trig telling the truth? Why would my brother lie? I don't know. So you could go and live with him or something. [indistinct chatter] [sighs] Stop staring at her. That bitch put your business in the streets, bro. I'm not looking at her. Look, she lied to you, my nig, then tried to bribe you with a iPad on your birthday, fool. Leave that bitch alone. For real, fuck her. ♪ Out here making noise ♪ ♪ And wanna put me in the center ♪ ♪ Big talk, big talk, big talk, big talk ♪ [exhales] ♪♪♪ You want to come in? Is this what you're normally like after a funeral? [chuckles] No, but you supporting me kinda turned me on. - Oh, yeah? - Mm-hmm. Okay. [chuckles] - [door unlocks] - [Jada] Mmm. [television playing indistinctly] Mm. Handsy. [Jada chuckles] Nana! Oh, hey, Ma, you home early. Uh, we was about to clean up right now. I'm coming from Miss Ethel's memorial, and I wanted to change. Miss Ethel died? [sighs] Y'all, this is Tomas. Tomas, this is my ungrateful son, Emmett, and his equally trifling girlfriend, Tiff. - Don't lump me in with him. - [EJ] Nana! Nice to meet you, but I ain't ungrateful. And y'all better stop letting EJ play with my good hair. Maybe we can finish what we started later. - Yeah, I'll walk you out. - Okay. - [whispers indistinctly] - I'll put EJ down. [TV continues indistinctly] What are you doing? - I know. I know. - Do you? They're gonna be out by the end of the month. [scoffs] They look pretty comfy to me. [sighs] Look, I realize we're dating and all, but I don't need you telling me how to handle my son. He's taking advantage of you. I'm his crutch. I know that. I'm not gonna let my grandbaby sleep on the streets. There's no way your son's gonna be out on the street. Yes, he will. You don't know him. People think they can walk all over you because you let them. Excuse me? I just want you to put yourself first sometimes. That's all. Y'all get on my goddamn nerves. We said we were sorry. Y'all stay being sorry. You're here rent-free. The least you could do is clean up. That's what I said. Oh, you ain't innocent in this. I know. You right, you right. - We cleaning up now. - Yeah. I'll tell you what, I'm gonna be a happy camper when y'all get up out my house next week. Uh... this probably ain't the right time... Don't. Don't say it. We need... I'm gonna have to say it at some point. What, Emmett? We just need to stay just a little bit longer. - Why? - I lost my job. How you do that? It's-it's a long story. It's always a long story. [sighs] How much longer y'all need to stay? Maybe like till the end of the year. We sort of don't... Negro, I am so done with you. Now, please... girl, move. I... I am so over the both of y'all, every... You done ate up all my shit in the house. I just... I'm done. I'm over y'all. [Jada groans] [laughter] Here you go, gentlemen. - Oh. - Good. Look what he got, brother. Look, look, look, look. Nigga, you good? Yeah, man. I been thinking about getting sober. Again? Maybe the 14th time will be the charm. Let's hope so. I wanted to thank you for coming to support me today. Your friendship has been my light in the dark. You mean a lot to me. Damn, man. Gonna make me cry. I hope that mean you gonna come visit us. What do you mean? My cousin own this warehouse down in Springfield, and he hiring, so we finna move down there, make some money. When are you going? Tomorrow. [scoffs] You crazy. Ain't nobody hiring up here. Don't I know it. Why don't you come with us, man? Yeah, bro, we could hook you up, G. No, I'm working on something here. Like what? When's the last time you had a steady paycheck and benefits? I just got something I need to do. ♪ Uneasy music ♪ ♪♪♪ You must be hungry. All right. I'll be right back. [grunts] Mm. Well. [door closes] ♪ percussive music ♪ ♪♪♪ [approaching footsteps] [locks clicking] Here you go. [groaning] [clattering] ♪♪♪ The next time you try something... I won't be as forgiving. [dog barks, sirens wail distantly] [chuckles] Hey, Papa. Oh, thank you, boo. Anything for my Nubian goddess. You ready to go? I can't. What? My mama lost her job, so I have to babysit while she's out looking for a new gig. But the principal said you can't miss no more school. I ain't got a choice. Damn. It's gonna be hard for us to see each other now. Is there anything I can do to help your moms? No, no. She'll be pissed if she finds out I told somebody. I'll be fine. Just... she'll find another job, and I'll be back. - Just text me. - Okay. Look, distance makes the heart grow fonder. You'll be fine. - You sure? - Yeah, I'm sure. Now go, and don't be late for school. [chuckles] A'ight. ♪ Smooth vocal music ♪ Enjoy. Here you go. What do you want? - Relax, I got good news. - I don't care. You not gonna let me tell you what it is? Look, I got a lot of shit to do, so just spit it out. All right, Zeke smashed that cake after we left. I could tell he wanted some. All right, and he called me and offered to pay us seven grand to cater some dinner party he's hosting tonight for some big shot. The caterer he had backed out last minute. Tonight? Yeah, he said your cake had him speaking in tongues. So how many is it gonna be? Maybe 20. Twenty? Is you dumb? - It's only me. - I can help you. No, you can't. I can do whatever you need me to do. ♪♪♪ Work fast and don't talk back. I'm gonna do whatever you say. You better. ♪♪♪ Jake thinks you killed his brother. Why would he think that? I don't know. You tell me. I ain't got to tell you shit. [chuckles] No, you don't. But what I don't know I can't help you with. You know what? What I do out on those streets is my business. If you're running for mayor, it becomes Chicago's business. Many mayors before me have done way worse. If that little nigga find out you killed his brother, you might wake up with a knife at your throat. He ain't that bold. What the hell are you doing? Babe, it's time. I told you I wasn't ready. We're never gonna be ready 'cause we're holding out hope. You've given up. Is that what's going on? Look, I just... We can't do this forever. I can. Until they bring me my baby's body, I have faith that she's still out there. Every day, you come in this room, and you sit by yourself. Some days for hours at a time. This is not me giving up hope. This is me ensuring that I don't lose you too. I just need to feel close to her. I understand that, babe. I do. But while you're in here, I'm out there, and Kev is out there. - We need you too. - Not as much as Kiesha. It's been two months. Exactly. So why you in such a hurry to move on? I just think it's time for us to start the grieving process. [gasps] Get out. Look, this is hard for me too. Get out of my house! I'm not going any-fucking-where, okay? This is my house too. We are a family, and we gotta figure out what's best for all of us. For all of us, Dre? Or just for you? Wha... [sighs] Nina! You can take your shit and get out. And you better not take none of my stuff by mistake either. You can take the wedding photos. Kiesha never liked you no way. You so eager to pack everything up. Get out. Gonna miss you, man. Yeah. I don't know what I'm gonna do without you guys. Offer's still on the table, change your mind. I'll remember that. Just got some unfinished business I gotta take care of. Then we'll see. Y'all should get out of here so you can beat the traffic. [engine turns over] [Earth, Wind & Fire's "September" playing on radio] ♪♪♪ Oh, shit. ♪♪♪ ♪ Do you remember ♪ ♪ The 21st night of September? ♪ ♪ Love was changing the minds of pretenders ♪ ♪ While chasing the clouds away ♪ ♪ Our hearts were ringing ♪ ♪ In the key that our souls were singing ♪ ♪ As we danced in the night, remember ♪ ♪ How the stars stole the night away ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Ba-de-ya, say do you remember ♪ ♪ ominous music ♪ ♪♪♪ [sobs] [sobbing] [sobbing] ♪♪♪ [overlapping chatter] ♪ So it's back to what I was on ♪ ♪ Filling up your bill ♪ ♪ Why don't you make some room ♪ ♪ I got more stories to tell ♪ ♪ Emotional roller coaster ♪ - [sighs] What's up? - Don't be like that. - Like what? - Be all cold. It's been two days, and you still ignoring me. Is this about Jake? Look, he don't run me. Okay, then what's your issue? I told you that I ain't wanna be a charity case, and you had to run your mouth, so now I am. Well, what can I do? You can leave me alone. Fine. Wow. All right. Do you want to come over? ♪ Mickey Shiloh's "Drunk on the Mic" ♪ Uh... ♪♪♪ ♪ Who did I think I was? ♪ ♪ Loving a grown man ♪ ♪ So young, so many dreams... ♪ Uh, you sure this okay? I don't want to do anything you're not good with. Don't worry. You've got my consent. ♪ I don't need him ♪ ♪ But every night when he didn't show up ♪ ♪ I was like damn I need him ♪ ♪ I'ma drown myself in alcohol ♪ ♪ And I ain't even legal yet, oh, my God ♪ [distant door opens, closes] Oh, my God, get dressed. Oh-oh-oh. [soft knock] Hey, baby. Hey, Daddy, Kevin and I were just finishing up some French homework. Kevin. You got the wrong book out. Oh. [chuckles] My bad. Young man, follow me. Right now? Right now. [whispering] You'll be okay. [Jackson] Boy, what the hell you doing? Have you lost your natural mind? I got a good excuse. Go get a switch now. I'm trying to help Maisha. Her mom lost her job, and if she doesn't find another one soon, she can't come back to school. You always said the money in the collection plate is for those that need it most, and... she needs it. That's not how it works, son. That money is to help us pay our bills and the church's bills. What about the money Camille gave you? What's that for? Well, that's to make sure that you have everything you need. Well, since I already have everything that I need, I'd like you to give that money to Maisha's family. Well, I'm glad I raised a son with such a charitable heart. What kind of heart you got, Dad? ♪ Somber music ♪ ♪♪♪ Ain't nobody in this neighborhood gonna help you. Who you looking for? A girl. Guy across the street said he heard a scream coming from over here. Which guy? I don't know his name. But I got a weird vibe from him. He live across the street from you. Oh, yeah, he's a little touched. What about his wife? He ain't got no wife. ♪♪♪ [softly] All right. [dog barking distantly] [metallic clatter] Kiesha? ♪ Tense music ♪ ♪♪♪ Kiesha? - [Ronnie] You in there? - I'm here! Help! Please, I'm in here! I'm gonna get you out! ♪♪♪ It's okay. I'm gonna get you home. The fuck are you doing? [groaning] [yells] [Kiesha groans] I took care of you, and this is how you treat me? [grunts] [groans] [grunting] [yelling] [heartbeat thudding] [deep breathing] [sobs] [heartbeat thudding] [sobbing] [approaching sirens] [indistinct radio chatter] [officer] Everybody's all right. It's all right. ♪ Fast-paced jazz music ♪ ♪♪♪ [no audible dialogue] ♪ music continues ♪ ♪♪♪ Were you about to fuck my daughter? [phone buzzes] One-one second. [buzzing continues] Oh, my God. I gotta go. ♪ Dramatic music ♪ ♪♪♪ - Is it really her? - Yes. Baby, it's really her. I just wish this doctor would hurry up so we could see her. What's taking so long? Probably just asking some, you know, uncomfortable questions they don't want us to hear. I just want to see my baby. Where'd they find her? I don't know, and I don't care. I'm just happy she's alive. ♪ Gentle music ♪ ♪♪♪ [monitor beeping] Baby. Ma. It's okay, Ma. You okay? You need anything? You don't have to talk to nobody 'bout nothing till you're good and ready. I'm just happy to have you here... [sobs] ...in my arms. God is real. [sobs] ♪ jazz music ♪ [Emmett] All right. ♪♪♪ Hey, ladies, you doing all right? Thank you all so much for coming. Why don't you join me at the bar for some champagne? Behave yourself. Babe. [clears throat] We're good here. Why don't you keep an eye on Jake? I can take this meeting by myself. Oh, so you want to do the meeting without me now? Be good and do as I say. If she's too much for you, I can always take her off your hands. I got it. You sure? I saw her staring at me. I think you're mistaken. If you say so. Wish my grandfather was alive to see this. Me standing here with two black mayoral candidates. - Yeah. - He'd be so proud. You know, my grandfather opened this bank over 80 years ago. One of the first black banks in the city. Yeah, I was sad to hear it had to close down a few years ago. [Marcus] Yeah, me too. You know those white people weren't gonna let us have a black bank. Well, if more black folks put their money in the bank, maybe it wouldn't have had to close down. Now, let's not get into an early debate. It was nice while it lasted. Now, look, every mayoral election, to honor my grandfather, I pick one black candidate to make a sizeable donation to. There's also that big spread in the Sun-Times. There's a bunch of endorsements out there, but everybody knows yours is the only one that really matters. [Douda] That's why we're here. What's this? Proof that you two are splitting the black vote. Now that's not possible. I got numbers this morning that said I'm in the lead. You're leading by a very slim margin. If one of you doesn't drop out, then the other candidate will end up being a non-black candidate, and don't nobody want that. - I'm not dropping out. - Neither am I. I've been thinking long and hard about which one of you to back. In all my history, I've never backed the wrong candidate. But when it came down to it, I had to back someone that was more like me. When I look at myself, I see Otis, so my money's on him. You know, I think we need a strong black man to lead this city. Camille, I hope you can understand. Hm. I do understand. Y'all are trying to Shirley Chisholm me. Black men turned their back on her too, because they were intimidated by her. They were afraid of what she was capable of, but just like her, I'm gonna rise like the phoenix, and my legacy will never die, because that's just the kind of bitch I am. Good night, gentlemen, and good luck. - [Dom laughs] - All righty, hey! That food was so damn good! Y'all killed it! - Hey. - Thank you. I didn't know black people food could be so fancy. Oh, we can be fancy sometimes. Now, look, Emmett, look, I don't want to sound like an asshole, but I always look at you as a fuckup. You always fucking shit up, but you pulled this off, man. Ah, thank you, man. Well, I can't take the credit. You know, Dom is the one. Oh, okay. Oh, you did this? Okay, well, look, I got some news for you. You want us to cater another event? Nah, nah, nah, that's not it. I want to let you rent out Sonny's for a few months. - Yes! - Yeah, all you, brother. Why only a few months? 'Cause I don't know if this was a real thing or a fluke or you got lucky. I need to see consistency, you know what I mean? If you can have traffic in and out consistently, we'll talk long-term. We understand. - [Zeke] Yeah? - Bet. Oh, before I go. Hold on. I got something for you. Here you go, Miss Lady. - Thank you. - You earned it. Y'all killed it. Man, that food was so good. You should be proud of yourselves. You killed it! - [Dom] Thank you. - Black fancy people food! Fancy lemonade. Hope they ain't gonna have fancy diabetes. - All right, we gotta drink. - For sure. I told you I wasn't gonna steer you wrong. You did, you did. Just remember, you stick with me, you gonna get where you wanna be. Oh, is that right? Yeah, the road might be a little bit bumpy, but we'll get there. [both chuckle] - We did it. - Thank you. - [stammers] - Come here. ♪ Don't let no one say a thing to you ♪ ♪ It's okay to have a fling or two ♪ ♪ You can love if you want to ♪ ♪ But I suggest that nobody put a ring on you ♪ ♪ Shouldn't follow someone's rules ♪ ♪ If they don't apply to you ♪ ♪ 'Cause happiness is all you need ♪ ♪ A woman's mind is hard to please ♪ ♪ Agree ♪ ♪ I'm all for you ♪ ♪ Understand, trust your heart ♪ ♪ Lift your spirit ♪ ♪ Let's get your life in motion ♪ ♪ Balance your emotion ♪ ♪ Don't need a man ♪ ♪ Always live life without a helping hand ♪ Yes, I accept Jesus Christ as my savior. - We're not here for that. - Then what you want? Maisha! Ma'am. Girl, what I tell you about putting my business in the streets? I didn't. Then why you got this man and his son giving me a handout like we homeless? It's not a handout. It's a gift. God's servants take care of they own. I can take care of myself. - Get outta here. - I was just trying to help. I said what I said, Pastor. [Jackson] I understand your reluctance, but all of us have experienced times where we could use some help. Now, this money was raised for you. We're gonna leave it here whether you like it or not. Please. Call us if you need anything. [door opens] [door closes] [exhales deeply] Huh. [gunfire and explosions on television] [knocking] Hey, we need to talk. Talk. [gunfire and explosions continue] I'm not the reason your brother's dead. He is. When he stopped taking orders, he put his life in jeopardy. I had a choice. I could either save him and start a war or turn my back on him and keep the peace. So you killed him. I can't save everybody. So then why you trying to save me? 'Cause I don't want to see you on the streets, throwing your life away. I see something in you. What do you see? I see myself. So am I gonna be a crook like you? Maybe. Or you could be the mayor of Chicago. [scoffs] You ain't won yet. [gunfire and explosions resume] ♪ soft jazz ♪ ♪♪♪ Mrs. Williams, I wanted to give you some brochures on trauma and mental health resources for your daughter. Thank you. Yeah, I know all about it. I'm a counselor at a high school. That's great. Your skills will really come in handy. This is gonna be a long road. It won't be easy. I understand. And my wife and I haven't had the time to talk about how we're gonna handle everything just yet, but we'll figure it out. My biggest piece of advice: look for warning signs for suicide. It's normal for someone who's been through what she's been through to experience extreme bouts of depression. Your daughter's STD test results will be ready in a few hours. Thanks. [sighs] ♪ gentle music ♪ ♪♪♪ [sniffles] [monitor beeping] [inhales deeply] Um... Thank you. ♪♪♪ ♪ wistful jazz music ♪ ♪♪♪ [typewriter clacking, bell dings] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 