The Chi: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chi 
 s2e4 - Showdown - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chi (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Showdown - full transcript 
 Brandon stresses over The After Taste Food Competition and makes a deal with Emmett. An accident at Sonny's threatens Emmett's job. Kevin, Jake and Papa cause mayhem on picture day at school. Ronnie adjusts to a new life he didn't expect. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 BRANDON: Previously on The Chi.... LUIS: Five grand to the winner and a three-page spread on Great Plate Magazine might solve your problems. SONNY: The hell is he doing? I got this. I'm only parking here because the rest of the block is permit only. Then get a fucking permit. Today ain't the day, dog. It's hair, straight from the heads of the Koyo Zom moutain people of Pakistan. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We clean it, bag it, and sell it. You want to come inside? [BOTH PANTING] I haven't been on a real date in five years. Why is that? JADA: Emmett's father... he was the first man I'd ever been with. Thought it'd last forever. JERRIKA: It's a fundraiser. My parents are throwing it for Alderman Bonner. I need to connect with Mrs. Brown about selling her condos and then we can leave. Aww, you must care. Care about what? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just bring me my homework, boy. Money's short. So what's the move? Get out of the way! Get naked, niggas! Now! Now! Come on, bro. Hurry up. Put the shit in the bag. CRUZ: That's Reginald Taylor, the street leader of the 63rd Street Mob. MISS ETHEL: I know that boy. It wasn't him. Congratulations on this blessing. You see me on the streets, you don't know me. Jason didn't want nothing to do with you. The DA pulled the case. KIMBERLY: You're a free man. PAPA: Grey? Why can't y'all just follow our style guide? We agreed on the color blue. That includes navy, turquoise, sapphire, and even some teal if you're feeling fancy, but here your bum ass come, talking about depression grey. Man, we ain't no singing group. I'ma wear what the fuck I want. Plus, we wore blue last year on picture day. Yeah, and y'all ain't do it right then, neither. Now look, I know I'm the one with the menswear expertise, but goddamn, give a brother something to work with. What you wearing, Papa? All that shit you talking... Just a little something for the ladies that like their man fluffy. You'll see. So you're gonna tell us what to wear and keep your shit a secret. Hey, but just to make sure we all the way wavy for picture day... What? Y'all ain't seen white strips before? My teeth ain't yellow. Man to man, they could be whiter. Yeah, I'm good, too. What? Well, we were talking, and... You know they're not gonna let you bang in the picture, right? Watch me. These pictures last forever. You sure you want this to follow you the rest of your life? Hell yeah. I'm 63rd for life, ain't I? I thought you said that gang shit was stupid. I'm with it, though. Got it this weekend, so ain't nobody stopping me from doing shit. [SMOOTH MUSIC] ♪♪ [ALARM BLARING] [SIZZLING SOUND] JERRIKA: Brandon! Is everything okay? Oh, damn. What happened? BRANDON: I must've passed out. I was on the truck till 3:00 a.m. Yeah, I heard you come in. Poor thing. Thought Luis was helping you out. He had to take another restaurant gig. He needed the money. Taste this. Wow, that's really good. Good? I need it to be amazing. JERRIKA: Don't stress, babe. You got this. No, I don't got this, J. The After Taste is a big fucking deal. I'm going against 50 chefs from all over the city, all young and up-and-coming and trying to make it big, just like me. My signature dish got to be on point. You heard of Chef Art Smith? Uh, he cooks for Oprah, right? Yeah. He's one of the judges, and I... Are you listening to me? Damn it. I ordered the wrong pillows. Seriously? Sorry, babe. Still have a lot to do for this open house. Cooking is your gift. JERRIKA: You'll be fine. Every chef I'm going up against has a gift. What's really going on? What do you mean? Is this about the competition, or is this about something else? [DESOLATE MUSIC] ♪♪ JERRIKA: I would be hurt and angry, too, if my brother's killer went free... ♪♪ But you are not gonna have bad luck for the rest of your life, Brandon. You belong in this competition, and guess what. ♪♪ Guess what. JERRIKA: If you don't let your nerves get the best of you, I think you could win. ♪♪ Now go show them judges what a kid from the South Side can do. ♪♪ BIG MIKE: What the fuck they want? [CAR DOORS SHUT] ♪♪ Michael Sherman? Think you know how this goes. What the fuck I do? - What the fuck he do? - Don't mind us. Outstanding warrant. TOUSSAINT: Unpaid parking ticket, traffic violation. Sound familiar? - I ain't got no damn warrant! - This is some bullshit. Y'all come all the way down here for a fucking traffic ticket? Can't have your man out here endangering pedestrians, Mr. Reginald Taylor. A'ight, so you heard about me? I've seen your rap sheet. I wouldn't be proud. TOUSSAINT: Figured it's time we came face to face. Detective Toussaint. Nice to meet you. There's a sweet old lady on Eberhart who was attacked. 73 years old. Can't seem to find out who did it or why, but the one thing I do know is this is 63rd Street Mob territory. Nothing like that goes on without you knowing. Miss, you really got us fucked up. Ain't nobody out here fucking with no old ladies and shit. How much is he worth to you? What's it gonna cost you if he's out of commission? It's all kinds of wannabes out here claiming 63rd. That's what... That's what y'all need to be looking into instead of fucking with innocent people! Bring me some answers. I'll give you back your lieutenant. [SHARP WHISTLE] [HEART MONITOR BEEPING] [GENTLE MUSIC] ♪♪ Ronald? Is that you? They really let you out? Get over here. ♪♪ [SNIFFLING] ♪♪ Who's been feeding you? You look good. When you get here? Last night. I came straight here, but I didn't want to wake you. ♪♪ Grandma, I'm sorry I wasn't here. I'm just happy, baby, that you're home. ♪♪ JADA: Hey. ♪♪ Good morning. Hi. MISS ETHEL: Jada? MISS ETHEL: You see Ronnie? Ain't this a blessing? ♪♪ Yes, ma'am, it is. ♪♪ Thank you for looking after her. No worries. [INDISTINCT] [KEYS JINGLE] House is still a mess. I meant to clean it up, but... It's okay. I got it. [CLEARS THROAT] Look, I know we haven't seen each other since... I don't want you to feel uncomfortable around... Mm... I mean, how exactly should I feel around you, Ronnie? How should anyone who knows what you did feel around you? That boy... [SIGHS] That boy you killed was 16 years old, not that much younger than my son. I'm gonna make up for what I done. I'm gonna make it right. She thinks the world of you, so for her sake, I hope you do. [SIGHS] EMMETT: I need 12 more bundles of that Mongolian Deep Wave. I had no idea that shit was gonna go so fast. Right. No, the ladies ain't here for the straight shit. I don't know. I guess it ain't woke. Mm, sell it to the Persian chicks uptown. [SMOOTH MUSIC OVER SPEAKERS] Oh, hold on. Uh, Amir, let me call you back. Yo, where you going? I gotta bounce. It's my girl' birthday. We short today. I need you to stay. Wish I could, dog, but Sonny already gave me the day off. I'm just telling you as a courtesy. Fuck courtesy. I-I need you to work your shifts, bro. Sonny ain't here. His name's still on the door, the last I checked. [FIRE WHOOSHES] Oh, shit. Oh, shit! - Whoa. - TERRY: Man, I told you to clean the grease trap! Wait, no! [PEOPLE YELLING, SCREAMING] [ALARM BLARES] WOMAN: Oh, my God! Everybody out! Fire! Fire! You can't put the water on a grease fire! - That's bad! - How the fuck was I supposed to know? TERRY: Fire! Fire! Everybody out! Fire! Fire! [DESOLATE MUSIC] ♪♪ [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] ♪♪ JERRIKA: Uh, over there is good. Thank you. Hey, Alderman Bonner. What brings you by? Hello, Jerrika. This is a nice property, but it doesn't look to me or my constituents like you and Mrs. Brown plan on spreading the wealth. What do you mean? Well, this used to be low-income homes, but you already know that. I mean, are any of these units being reserved for low-income residents? Not at the moment, but I agree, we could be doing more. But Mrs. Brown is my client, and ultimately, I have to do what she asks. Mr. Bonner, how are you? ALDERMAN BONNER: I'm good, Mrs. Brown. You know, you've got a sharp young lady right here on your team, but I was telling her how upset some in the community are with what's happening here. You can never make people happy all of the time. There's always winners and losers. MRS. BROWN: But you're a politician. You know that. I'll let you and Jerrika finish chatting. She'll handle it. No surprise there. She's worse than the white folks. But you... I have known you since you were in diapers, and I can't believe that you are willing to sell out your own people just to get ahead. Is that the headline you're gunning for? I'm not selling out. In fact, I'm actively working to bring upwardly mobile black people into these homes. Not all change is bad. A black middle class will provide access to better schools, better healthcare, and safer neighborhoods. You know damn well that's just a fancy way of pushing poor black folks out of their own homes. In a few years, this area will be whiter than the North Shore, and I'm not gonna stand by and watch that happen to another one of our neighborhoods. If you don't mind, I think you should go now. I have an open house to prepare for. [SCHOOL BELL RINGS] I dismiss the class, not the bell. [GROANING] MR. GASCA: As a reminder, picture day is on Friday, and just so we don't have any issues, remember the school dress code still applies. Mr. Gasca, can we bring accessories? Like what? Never mind. If you come in here wearing a Nick Cannon turban, I'm done with your ass. MR. GASCA: Language. Dress code means no grills, no gang colors, no gang signs, and if you think it's a joke, just try us. You will be expelled. The fuck he keep looking at me for? 'Cause you're the one bangin'. GASCA: Perry's Pizza, yearbooks will go out on time this year, and if everyone follows all the rules, we'll throw you guys a pizza party. [CHEERING] All right! Now, class is dismissed. [EXCITED CHATTER] Something wrong with your arm, Mr. Taylor? No, I'm good. Punk-ass 63rd Street bitches. Yo, why you gotta be so extra all the time? 'Cause these motherfuckers keep talking shit! Bro, mess up picture day and see what happens. Man, fuck picture day! I know the Wild Boyz gonna bang and throw up their shit, but if I do it, I'll get expelled. So fuck it. I'm out. But Jake... [QUIETLY] Oh, my God. How you been, Tiff? I'm fine. What's up? You look nice. Thanks. Um... So the other night was... It didn't mean nothing, Emmett. Besides, you know the bedroom ain't never been our problem. So what happened to you? Look, Tiff, um... Sonny's just closed, all right? There was a fire. My job is gone. I came to ask you for a favor. So what? You here to say the checks ain't coming no more? No, I'm not, but I am wondering if... is there any way you could remove the order? Excuse me? Just until I find another job, all right? So the courts ain't riding me. Tiff, we don't need the courts in our business. Yeah, we actually do. This shit is hard, Emmett. While you out here, running around, doing what you do, I'm either at work or here, raising our son. It's nice getting those checks on time without having to be a fucking detective. You won't have to come find me, all right? I promise you'll get the money on time. I-I don't know. You asking a lot. [SIGHS] EJ still at your mama's house? No, he's here, asleep. Can I see him? He'll be up again soon. I need this time to take a nap before it's time to go back to work. Okay, yeah. He's so cute. TIFFANY: I know. He puckers his lips when he sleeps. It's all I got right now. Court's got the rest. Thank you. [LAUGHTER] JAKE: Okay. Oh boy. Okay. JAKE: Okay. Hey, yo. A'ight, easy, okay? [LOUD SLAP] [RAP MUSIC PLAYING] [LAUGHS] JAKE: Hey, yo, Reg, who you got money on? Hey, yo, Reg, why you trippin'? REG: While y'all out here fucking around, I'm finna be out of 20 stacks a week with Big Mike being locked up, and stop posting that shit online. That's probably how they found us in the first place. They got a whole task force on our shit 'cause of you silly motherfuckers. You. Little Big Man, get the fuck over here. How you, the biggest one out here, gettin' your ass beat? ♪♪ How big is your big ass, anyway? I'm 14, yeah, and a half. Nigga, I said "how big," not "how old." ♪♪ 225. That's what my... my moms and my doctor said. Yeah, yeah. Get your ass back over there and work on them hand skills so when I need you, you'll be ready to put some work in for the company. LITTLE BIG MAN: Yeah. ♪♪ He big, but I could take him. Yeah, okay. [CLICKS TONGUE] Man, whatever. I can do work for the company too. He ain't the only one out here, repping. All I need from you is to stop filming our location for the police to see and keep your head in them books so when niggas ask, you know the difference between being big and old. ♪♪ You got picture day coming up? How you know? You think I don't see them letters you been throwing out? Make sure you there. I got real problems. I don't need another DCFS visit. ♪♪ SHERIFF PORTER: I also ran a property check and sat on the building for a couple of days. - Any action? - SHERIFF PORTER: No. Just my boys fighting for the overtime. It's pretty quiet, just the way we like it down here in Raleigh. So in your estimation, Family C Realty is a legit operation? SHERIFF PORTER: Far as I can tell. All the details are in that email. Thank you, Sheriff. Appreciate the help. SHERIFF PORTER: Anytime. ANSWERING MACHINE: Hello. This is an eviction notice. Family C Realty Group would like to offer you a stipend for.. [LOUD BANGING] [BANGING CONTINUES] [BANGING CONTINUES] This motherfucker here. What he want? You know how hard it is to find a food truck that's not online? You ain't got no Instagram, no Snapchat, no Twitter. Are you trying to fail? Man, I almost blew your head off just now. What you want? Look, I owe you an apology for all that bullshit outside Sonny's. I came at you sideways, when all you trying to do is create an opportunity, the same way I want to create an opportunity for you. Get to the fucking point, Emmett. And there was a fire at Sonny's. But the word isn't completely out yet, so people still showing up to eat, so I got an idea. You park your truck there, you catch all those customers. All I'm asking for is a 20% finder's fee. So what's stopping me from just parking in front of Sonny's and not giving you shit? Your sense of honor and respect for a righteous hustler such as myself. BRANDON: No, man. Everything I make, I gotta keep, Emmett. Later, bro. [POP MUSIC PLAYING] What do you think? I just came here to give you your homework, not a fashion show. Do you think the part should be lower? - MAISHA: I'm getting a weave. - It's fine. KEVIN: Man, Kiesha be in the bathroom for hours, come out looking the same way: basic as hell. It's not my hair. It's this. Damn. How'd you do that? My mom's curling iron. KEVIN: Um... Put some cocoa butter on it, so it don't leave a scar. What you know about that? I live with a whole bunch of black women. It better work, 'cause I gotta be in the school club photos, since according to all my college applications, I'm in all the clubs, and I ain't trying to miss picture day. Why are you worried about college applications, anyways? You still in middle school. Oh, I got it all mapped out. Florida A&M;, Virginia Union, Spelman College, and Howard University. I like FAMU, though. Their marching band played for Obama. ♪♪ MAISHA: I got bigger problems to worry about, though. ♪♪ Should wear your hair like that. It'll look prettier. ♪♪ Hey! Hey, stop! Don't play with this. It's worth a whole lot of money. EMMETT: Get out of here. And this shit is selling faster than Armor Oil at my car wash, man. Hey, split the difference and let me get half Mongolian Deep Wave, half Pakistani Flow. Got you. It's just a little side hustle so I can bring in some extra cash and get out your house. Mm. I got a better idea. Get that funky-ass hair away from my kitchen sink and pay me some goddamn rent. I got child support! I got light bills! I don't know what kind of bullshit-ass arrangement you had with your mama, but you can't have strange men walking in and out of my house. All right, man. You ain't gotta go there. Sorry. I know you sorry. Now clean this shit up before I slap you upside your nappy-ass head. I'm taking this Mongolian bundle for Cheryl... for my troubles. [TIRES SCREECH, HORN BLARES] [PERCUSSIVE MUSIC] ♪♪ Is that what you wearing for picture day? - Kiesha, what do you want? - [EXASPERATED SIGH] Girl, get out of my room. Boy, how do you not know you match twice, not three times? That's too match-y. I don't need you telling me how to dress. Oh, clearly you do. Didn't you tell Mom you have track practice today? KEVIN: You don't look like you running nowhere. Mind your business. Daddy's coming into town this weekend. KIESHA: It's his birthday. You want to come to dinner with us? Nah. I'm straight. KIESHA: Look, Kev, I know you guys aren't the closest, but you can at least try. He asks about you. Y'all getting beignets after? Can you bring me one? KIESHA: I will, if you put on a different outfit. Don't embarrass me. [KNOCKING] Wow. Heard you might be getting out, but I didn't think it was true. I came to clear up some things. Listen, Ronnie, I don't have the energy - to go down this road. - No. I need you to listen. It's my turn to speak. Last time I saw you, you said some... fucked-up things to me. Said Jason didn't want me in his life. And these past few months of being locked up, I've had nothing but time, time to reflect, to forgive, to try and heal. I'm not there yet, but... what I do know is this. What you said wasn't true. I meant something to Jason. Everything I did was for him, for you. You were my family. I... [SOBBING] Sorry about the mess. Some days, I can hardly get out of bed. I thought it would get better. It's all right. - It, um... - [TRACY SNIFFS] Takes time. What happened with that group? The other mothers? Made it worse. The more I talked about it, the more I missed him. Everything makes me sad now. A song on the radio, a random billboard. I know it sounds crazy, but... sometimes I see a mother smiling, and I think it's because she has her son, and I don't. [SNIFFS] Even you... just seeing you... it's why I'd lash out. I remember the good times we had with Jason, and I'm just so angry that it was taken from me. [CRYING] You know Shanté... - had the baby. - [LAUGHS] [LAUGHS] Yeah? When? A few weeks ago. A girl. Oh, huh. She said she looks exactly like Jason. She invited me to the hospital, but I just... I couldn't bring myself to go. Why? I can't. Seeing Jason's daughter... i-it feels like... it feels like I'm saying good-bye to him. [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] It makes his death more real. ♪♪ And I... I'm not ready to do that. ♪♪ Well, um... you gotta start somewhere. Uh... Let me, uh, help you clean up, Tracy. No, you don't have to. No, I... I want to. ♪♪ I thought about your offer, and it was bogus. Dude, I gotta make money too. I got a better offer. Better for you. I gotta prep for this After Taste competition, so if you down to man the truck for one day, I split the profit with you, 50/50. I'm glad you came to your senses. You welcome. I can take it from here. Hey, slow your roll, man. I gotta show you how everything work. Bro, I got it. It's just tacos. [MUTTERS] [THE NOTORIOUS B.I.G.'S "BIG POPPA" PLAYING] ♪♪ ♪ To all the ladies in the place ♪ ♪ With style and grace ♪ ♪ Allow me to lace ♪ ♪ These lyrical douches in your bushes ♪ ♪ Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis? ♪ Wow. ♪ The GS3, I got the chronic by the tree ♪ ♪ I love it when you call me big poppa ♪ ♪ Throw your hands in the a-ya ♪ ♪ If you's a true playa ♪ ♪ I love it when you call me big poppa ♪ King Papa, I see you, - and your accessories. - Thanks, Kev. I think you just helped me go viral. Hey, lunch on me today. Yo, what the fuck you got on? Jake walking in here looking like a parole officer. Man, Reg made me wear this weak-ass shit. I've been hiding in the bathroom between classes all day. Do it again, and we squaring up. [LAUGHS] This nigga think he hard. Look like his grandma pick his clothes and shit. - Man, fuck you. - COREY: Nah, fuck you, and Reg. My brother know what he did. Nigga, what the fuck is you talking about? No, fuck them, bro. [QUIETLY] Dudes, Look at this clown, man. [LAUGHS] He choked, though. BYSTANDERS: Oh... Oh, that's your ass. BOY: Food fight! Food fight! [STUDENTS YELLING] [UPBEAT MUSIC] ♪♪ Stop! Up! Up, now! Settle down! Which one of you two started it? MR. GASCA: Tell me now. Mr. Williams? MR. GASCA: You want to tell me what happened here? Not really. Do the right thing, Mr. Williams. Which one of them started it? [SPACEY MUSIC] ♪♪ It was me. I did it. ♪♪ Really? MR. GASCA: You started it? Why? ♪♪ All of you, go get cleaned up for pictures, now! BOY: Gross. All over my shirt. BOY: What is it? - Damn. - Come on. Caught ketchup on my shirt. At least your shirt's not white. How am I supposed to get this shit out? How you ain't get nothing on you? Angels, they be watching over my pretty ass. Yo, what's this again? One mac and cheese. Didn't you order that? Yeah, joe, but why is it in the taco? Mac and cheese don't need no taco. EMMETT: [LAUGHS] Well, this one does. EMMETT: Hey. Thank you for your business, sir. Next. Can I get a two-piece mild? Uh, no, you can't, but you can get two really delicious chicken tacos. Y'all not serving Sonny's? No, but this is just as good. You're telling me I done came all the way over here on my lunch break for a two-piece and you talking to me about a damn taco? Try it. You might be surprised. If it ain't Sonny's, I don't want it. Lyin' ass. You have a nice day too, ma'am. [KNOCKING] [KNOCKING] [KNOCKING] What are you doing here? Something wrong with Emmett? No. So what do you want? - Can I come in? - How do you know where I live? How'd you get into my building? Emmett told me, and someone downstairs let me in. Well, use the buzzer next time. I don't like strangers showing up unannounced. We're not strangers, Jada. Now, are you done giving me the third degree, or do I need to start getting loud and ghetto up in this hallway? JADA: You still take it with six sugars? No. Doctor told me I need to cut back. Ah, I guess I'm getting old. [LAUGHS] You are. [LAUGHS] Oh, but it is nice seeing you, Jada. Yeah, you too. So... what's up? What'd you need to talk to me about? Well, our son has been staying out of my house, rent-free, and if it's gonna be that way, I'ma need you to slide me back what I've been sliding you all these years. [SCOFFS] What? Those child support payments. DARNELL: I'm saying if he going to keep staying with me, I'ma need you to chip in. You boy eat like he got a tapeworm. Yeah, well, tell me about it. Emmett lived with me for 17 years, so I'm very aware of how expensive it is to feed him. But I ain't giving you shit. Oh, look, I take care of my kids, and I been giving you my share, so don't act like I'm some deadbeat. Your share divided by the 1,400 other kids you got. What about the birthdays you missed, his baseball games, all the graduations? You couldn't afford the $1.50 to catch the L across town for any of that? I had three kids when you met me, so you knew what it was from the get. Oh, so it's my fault you like it raw? I was 25. I told you, I ain't want no more kids. [SCOFFS] Yet last I checked, you got enough kids over there to start a football team. No surprise where Emmett gets it from. Well, you know what? Maybe I wasn't around, but you were. So which one of us didn't raise him right? Huh? And if you treated him like your son and not your husband, maybe he wouldn't be acting like this. Shit. It's time to stop blaming me. [SCOFFS] You know, I'm glad you learned something in the two weeks you decided to be a father to your son, but don't you ever come to my house again. Now get the fuck out of here. [ALL CHANTING] Housing is a human right! Stop the war on the poor! Housing is a human right! Stop the war on the poor! Housing is a human right! Stop the war on the poor! Housing is a human right! Stop the war... MRS. BROWN: This is ridiculous. Call the police. Mrs. Brown, would you at least consider offering just a few units for low-income housing? I'm not giving in to the demands of these terrorists! - They're not terrorists. - Then what are they? This is my property, my business I built from the ground up, and I will do with it as I please. Good Lord. I need to lie down. Think these people might be giving me a heart attack. [CHANTING CONTINUES] I don't know if you know, but you got a kid in room one. Says he has info on the home invasion. - Kid? - Mm-hmm. You wanna sit in? Sure. She opened up the door, and... I-I just blasted in, and, you know, I just went for it. Went for what? You know, she had all kind of stuff. She had jewelry, clothes, money. That's a lot to grab for just one person. Sure you didn't have anyone helping you? No. Just me. You know, I'm pretty strong. Listen. I'ma do you a favor and let you go home with your mother. So that mean Big Mike getting out? [DOOR CLOSES] Does this look to you what it looks like to me? Must be one of Reg's corner boys. Get a juvie to confess, he gets a slap on the wrist. WOMAN: Welcome to the After Taste, contestants. ANNOUNCER: A reminder as you make your way to your station, any and everything you need to complete your dish for the judges must come from your basket. If you are out of salt, your dish will go unsalted. Contestants will be eliminated by a tap on the shoulder. Judges will be watching for knife skills and cross-contamination. When the judges come to you, please present your completed dish to them. Those of you who survive the tap will advance to the next round. All right, people, you got 30 minutes. Get your cook on. [MOS DEF'S "QUIET DOG BITE HARD" PLAYING] ♪ To the rhythm of the boogity beat ♪ ♪ To the rhythm of the boogity beat ♪ ♪ There it go like simple the plainness ♪ ♪ It's primal and basic ♪ ♪ Zulu arrangement rocking amazement ♪ ♪ Flaco radiating from heaven to pavement ♪ ♪ They phony as a face lift I've nothing to play with ♪ ♪ Spent time hating it but that ain't changing it ♪ ♪ God give it to me nobody ain't taking it ♪ ♪ Therefore moving on the base for stimulus ♪ ♪ Standing in the twilight and watching them get it in ♪ ♪ Walls trembling the air simmering ♪ Aw. ♪ Testing your equilibrium ♪ ♪ Sonic wave booming all over your intimate ♪ ♪ Skin on skin and skin on skin again ♪ ♪ Put it all get it all get on get it in ♪ ♪ Ladies and gentlemen, misters and mistresses ♪ ♪ Cousins, uncles, aunties, and synonyms ♪ ♪ There it is boogieman ♪ ♪ Don't stop the rock you keep up the rock ♪ ♪ Quiet dog bite hard my God ♪ ♪ Ha simmer down, simmer down, simmer down ♪ - ♪ Stay cool - ♪ Simmer down now ♪ ♪ Simmer down quiet dog bite hard, my god ♪ - [CELL PHONE CHIMES] - I apologize for the last-minute change but I need to postpone the showing. [CELL PHONE CHIMES] Yes, thank you. Hello? Hey, J, where are you? I forgot plates. What? BRANDON: Yeah, I know. I just been so out of it. Can you grab them for me? They probably sitting right there on the counter. [CROWD CHANTING OUTSIDE] [SIGHS] Babe, I am nowhere near there. I have an emergency at the condos. I'm not gonna be able to make it. What? J, I need you! ♪ Simmer down quiet dog bite hard ♪ Babe, I'm so sorry. ♪ Simmer down simmer down ♪ ♪ Simmer down simmer down simmer down now ♪ Fuck! ♪ Simmer down now, simmer down now ♪ ♪ Simmer down quiet dog bite hard my god ♪ ♪ Said and the rocket don't stop ♪ Hey, can I borrow a strainer? I forgot mine. ♪ Preservation makes the great hip-hop ♪ Do you have any extra plates? Sorry, no, I just brought enough for the judges. ♪ These dudes ain't dope but they on it ♪ ♪ They need to get off it ♪ ♪ So whack-whack is all you can call it ♪ [TIMER BEEPS] ♪ Don't stop the rock ♪ ♪ Maintain the rock and you don't stop the rock ♪ ♪ You keep up the rock quiet dog bite hard my God ♪ - [TIMER BEEPS] - [ANNOUNCER] Time's up. My dish is chili beef à la broche, and it's... best eaten family-style. BRANDON: When it comes to my food, my family is my greatest inspiration. And I know what you're thinking. It sounds corny as hell, but my grandpa Earl... he was a Pullman Porter. He worked really hard, but he always made sure to come home every night to have dinner with his wife, Joyce. And then there's... well, there was my little brother, Coogie. He helped me discover my love for cooking. [LAUGHS] I would have to always keep him from eating straight out of the pot, but today... each of you get to do just that. Right out of the pot? Family-style. - GIRL: Okay, how do I look? - [SHUTTER SNAPS] My mouth was open! Next. My hair was sticking up. - Don't I get to do that again? - Next. PAPA: Timing is everything. You gotta be ready for the flash. That's the key. Next. - So you gonna smile? - Real niggas don't smile. Thanks for having my back earlier. No problem. Mr. Gasca just gave me a warning. MAN: Next. ♪ Fiending for your energy ♪ STUDENTS: Ooh! Ooh! Look at... GIRL: Hey! Girl! GIRL: Damn, Maisha! - Hair... - [WHISTLES] ♪ Lovely days is over ♪ ♪ Over, over, over ♪ Achoo! Next. Oh, hell to the no! PAPA: I gotta get a do-over. Next. GIRL: You look good, Maisha! I am sure! [QUIET SMOOTH MUSIC] Maisha' whack fairy dust ass just ruined my pictures. ♪♪ KEVIN: Hey, Maisha. Guess you figured out your hair. ♪♪ You ain't ready for this, Kev. ♪♪ - [SHUTTER SNAPS] - EMMETT: Next! Here you go. Come back and see us. Next. Can I have the Hawaiian Wavy? [JAUNTY MUSIC] - So is it extra for ombré, or... - No. - BRANDON: What the fuck? - EMMETT: $1.99 for everything. - WOMAN: Really? - EMMETT: Yeah, that'll look good on you too. What the fuck is this? BRANDON: My cousin texted me and say he saw the truck down here. As you can see, all good. You need to explain to me real fast why the fuck you moved my truck. Look, business was slow at Sonny's, so I came here to make us some money. And what, you figured you was gonna sell hair - out the truck too? - One-stop shoppin'! The express bus runs from Lake Shore all the way through the South Side. Lots of ladies getting off work. I could lose my license over this. Nobody wants to buy food with weave. This is just from the last hour, from tacos and hair. [UPBEAT PERCUSSIVE MUSIC] EMMETT: And this is just your cut. 50/50, right? I'ma take this in exchange for not whoopin' your ass. Get this shit off my truck. WOMAN: Uh, hello. Hello? I'm still waiting for my Hawaiian Wavy. ♪♪ You heard her. Get the customer what she need. ♪♪ WOMAN: It took forever. EMMETT: All right, I got you, I got you. EMMETT: I'll throw in an extra ounce. ♪♪ I named her Jordan. Oh, uh... I remember one time, he wanted a summer job so bad just so he could make enough money to eat at Michael Jordan's Steak House. [LAUGHS] He worshipped that man. Made me watch all his games. Hey, you should hold her. Hmm? It's all right. I'm right here. Ah. [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] ♪♪ She has his nose. And his ears. ♪♪ [SNIFFS] ♪♪ I'll be right back. ♪♪ Thank you... ♪♪ For doing this with me, Ronnie. ♪♪ Hey, beautiful. ♪♪ Hi. [RAP MUSIC OVER SPEAKERS] ♪♪ ♪ Ha! ♪ ♪ Let me see you drop ♪ ♪ You runnin' on fire ♪ Papa, why your eyes closed? Man, I ain't even gonna lie. I'm still in my feelings about it. And Jake ass cheesing hard! JAKE: I'm not smiling! Yes, you are. Look at it. Whatever. Look at yours. [LAUGHS] ♪♪ I'ma... I'ma go, uh, grab another slice. ♪♪ Oh, looking good, young brother. Thanks. ♪♪ All right, listen up! I'd like us all to take a moment and thank Mr. Otis Perry of Perry's Pizza for sponsoring picture day. [APPLAUSE] ♪♪ My son, Jamal, was killed in 2011. The killer, they never caught. So that sweet boy that you murdered just in case his mama couldn't do it... JERRIKA: Babe! [DOOR CLOSES] I'm so sorry. I couldn't get rid of these dang protestors. What happened? Did you find plates? No, I didn't, and you should be sorry... 'cause you just missed your man going to the semifinals. - [LAUGHS] - [JOYFUL CRY] I'm so proud of you! Thank you, baby. We gotta celebrate! Yeah. You hungry? If so, we should order in, because this man has done enough cooking for the day. I'm hungry, but... not for food. [MELLOW MUSIC] ♪♪ Yo, Kiesha, you gotta see these pictures of Papa. What's wrong? It's Dad. Flaked on you again? Couldn't pick you up? Daddy had a heart attack. He... he's dead. [CRIES] [SOMBER MUSIC] [KIESHA CRYING] ♪♪ I didn't embarrass you today. ♪♪ They came hauling off Big Mike. He my top earner, so I sent in this kid. You know, his mama a hype. Pay her a little rock, she let her boy do whatever I need. He ain't got no rap sheet. [DISQUIETING MUSIC] Shit, I'm trying to make things right. I did what you asked. I got some outside guys to go to that house. I didn't know it was no old lady they beat up, though. You didn't have to know who it was. Problem is, you chose the wrong people to do the job, niggas who don't know the difference between scaring people and sending them to the fuckin' hospital. ♪♪ That's a real problem. ♪♪ Oh, shit. Miss Ethel? ♪♪ That was her house? Damn. I've known her since I was a shorty. Oh. Oh, that's nice. We ain't supposed to be making headlines, Reg. Douda, man, I'm doing the best that I can. You know, maybe if I knew why we was doing any of this shit in the first place... ♪♪ Why we doing this is above your fuckin' pay grade. ♪♪ [EXHALES DEEPLY] ♪♪ Soldier up, Reg. The shit is on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 