The Chi: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chi 
 s3e4 - Gangway - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chi (2018–…): Season 3, Episode 4 - Gangway - full transcript 
 Ronnie finds a new calling in his bid for redemption. Emmett lets his dad Darnell and his insecurities get the best of him. Kevin is weighed down by a lie. The mayoral race heats up when candidates Douda and Camille Halloway face off. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on  "The Chi"... Hey, listen to your boy, you better get the fuck on, shorty. Think that shit supposed to scare me? I ain't leaving without my sister. I'm so sick of your shit, Emmett. I'm sick of yours, too. Both of y'all need to calm down right now. Please tell her to let me get some sleep. - I've been up all night. Damn. - I work, too! And I take care of our son! Damn! About time! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is what I get for trying to support black businesses. How fast can you get this man his food? If you gonna be serving family-size meals, then I need some family-size help. We ain't got the budget or the space for that just yet. Look, guys, there aren't too many of us here. I don't care about these white people. These white folks are still running shit, and the only way for us to fix it is to outrun these motherfuckers. We can't just be excellent. We got to be phenomenal. Maybe you don't want to live here. Maybe I should let your brother Trig come for you. Nah, I want to stay with you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then take your fucking shoes off before you come into my house. Get your dusty ass up, man. Hey, hey! Hey, get off of him! Get off! My brother, are you all right? - I want to pay you back. - Don't worry about it. - I don't like handouts. - This is not a handout. My daughter isn't a saint. She thinks she knows everything like most teenagers. But the truth is, she's got a lot to learn about life. And I don't think we should judge her for stumbling along the way. Please don't judge my daughter by who she is now. But help me bring her home so she can grow into the woman I know she has the potential to be. ♪ Go and get your grind on ♪ ♪ Go, go and get your shine on ♪ ♪ Go, go and get your grind on ♪ ♪ Go, go and get your shine on ♪ ♪ Feelin' like a buck ♪ ♪ What the fuck you feelin' like? ♪ ♪ Dead these hoes that's a fuckin' piece of pie ♪ ♪ Do it once, and it's right, I ain't got to do it twice ♪ ♪ I got money comin' in ♪ ♪ Like I'm out shooting dice ♪ ♪ Fuck who don't like, I end shit... ♪ - Can I help you? - Yeah. You can stop talking to me like I'm one of your little friends. And turn that damn music down. This ain't no club. Yo, I know you didn't just turn your back to me. Can you please stop coming up in here like you run shit, okay? I pay half the bills. So that absolutely gives me the license to come in here and act like I run shit. And you ain't slick with that tattoo by the crack of yo ass neither. - You can see it? - Plain as damn day. ♪ More money, I want it ♪ ♪ Work so hard for these coins, my feet got ♪ I'm sorry about the music. - Okay? - Mm-hmm. You gonna tell my mom? It ain't my job to snitch on you. Is that a yes or a no? Why don't you tell her so I don't have to? Okay. ♪ Keep rollin' in like I'm out shootin' dice ♪ ♪ Fuck who don't like ♪ ♪ I run shit like periods ♪ ♪ Bitches crampin' my style like they up on their period ♪ Kiesha! ♪ This what we live for, this is our reality ♪ ♪ Throwin' dollars in the pot ♪ ♪ We brewin' up our fantasies ♪ Hey, what you doin'? I couldn't sleep. Thought I'd clean up Kiesha's room. - Why? - So it'd be nice when she comes home. You know something I don't? What you think about, you bring about. So I'm thinking about bringing her home. You want me to make you some breakfast or something? No, I'm good. And when is the last time you talked with the private investigator? Um, yesterday. He needs another five grand to follow up some leads he has. Fuck. Every time you talk with this dude, he's just asking for more money. Look, sooner or later, somebody's gonna call in with something real. Okay? Trust me. I hope so. I just want this to be over. Me too, babe. Come here. Me too. Shh, shh. - I just... - Shh. ...another. But this is from a really cool variety. Kiesha? "THE CHI" Season 03 Episode 04 Episode Title : "Gangway" Aired on: July 12, 2020 Phil's growing. So what I'm just gonna do is I'm just gonna blanche them, you know. Make them... Just real briefly. Okay, so... see how they're turning this kind of groovy green color. Just chill them. Yeah, just a bit. So I'm gonna make a little shell bean ragout. So we're gonna need a little bit more... Kiesha? Again, a little more chill, and a little more of this thyme. So this way, what you're doing then you're just reinforcing these flavors. A-and remember, you want to season... Anybody down here? Man, politics is boring as hell. It's better than wiping down tables and sweeping floors every day. You know, I like Mr. Perry, and his deep dish has the perfect cheese-to-sauce ratio, but why is he running for mayor of Chicago? He the pizza man. He's not just the pizza man. The pizza joint was just the beginning. He fed the community, now he's trying to make sure everybody has the means to feed themselves. Man, you sound like his campaign manager. I pay attention. You know, I don't know if he has my vote just yet. You're not even old enough to vote. I know, but I still want to know what's going on. You don't know shit. I know I like that lady that's running against him. You only like her 'cause she black and lesbian. Don't be mad 'cause I'm progressive. Just because she black and gay don't make you progressive. Hey, I like her slogan. "I'm the change Chicago's been waiting for." Man, that bitch ain't nothing but a wolf in sheep's clothing. Well, she need to get a clothing line, 'cause her suits be lit. Yeah, she do got drip. Who's texting you? Don't worry about it. Better not be that bougie bitch Jemma. Yo, call her a bitch again, and we fightin'. Whoa, who's Jemma? Some stuck-up girl that go to our school. Man, I already told y'all to give me all the tea in the group chat. - I don't like being left out. - Man, ain't nobody thinking about that damn group chat. And why you name it "Spill the Tea"? The name is temporary. Now what's up with Jemma? She a black girl that be acting white. She got rich parents, and she know how to work the system. I like her already. And she speak fluently in French. - Impressive. - And she don't want us to fuck up, 'cause there's not that much black kids - at the school. - I get that. I don't like that bitch. Yo, what I told you? Whoa, hey. I got to meet this girl. I'm here for anybody that's gonna upgrade my boy. I don't need no girl upgrading me. Shit, you need a girl so you can get them locks groomed. My shit don't always got to be groomed. Messy locks is one thing, but your shit lookin' like Meek Mill's first album cover. Nigga, that's a compliment. So when you taking this girl on a date, Kev? I'm trying to see if she want to go to the museum. - That sound boring as fuck. - Perfect. It's this new exhibit about black music and the Civil Rights Movement. Brilliant. Yeah, she into history and shit. How you gonna finger her at a museum? Bro, I'm trying to show her I ain't like these other dudes. What you mean "other dudes"? He ain't dusty like you. Hey, I'm proud of you, bro. They still lookin' for this bitch? Waste of fuckin' time, G. Some crazy motherfucker probably chopped her ass up already. What the fuck is wrong with you? - That's my sister, homey! - Let's go. ♪ Tense music ♪ Stay up, bro. Can't do shit on the grill with no cheap-ass meat. What you mean it's too cold to be grillin'? It ain't never too cold for me to get on the grill. Hey, what up, Darnell? The rent and my blood pressure. - What you want? - I need some advice. Talk to me. This is kind of weird. Spit it out. Me and Tiff really been trying to make this relationship thing work. Yeah, your mama told me. She said y'all was doin' pretty good. Yeah, I'm serious. I ain't cheated or nothin'. You don't get no brownie points for that. I think she's getting comfortable. Like how? We ain't fucked in over a month. She's suckin' your dick every now and then, ain't she? No, she ain't doin' none of that. Are you romancing her? Takin' out the trash? Oiling her scalp? I do the best I can, but I ain't never had to do no extra shit to get some. Yeah, that's the thing about being grown. It ain't always about your needs. And at the end of the day, the longer you with someone, the more you get used to 'em. Folks do get comfortable. I mean, you ain't washing your ass as thoroughly as you used to. Y'all probably be fartin' around each other and shit, huh? Mm-hmm. The mystery is gone, man. - How do I get it back? - Depends on the woman. You try talking to her about it? Yeah, I mean, but she gets mad at me for bringing it up. She's like, "It'll happens when it happens." Then she's like, "Talkin' about not fuckin' ain't gonna make me want to fuck." It's like, then what the fuck am I supposed to do? Yeah, she probably fuckin' somebody else. What? You need to go through her phone and quick. What kind of advice is that? - Well, what's her sign? - She a Scorpio. Oh, yeah, she cheatin'. ♪ Jake & Papa's "Clouded" playing over speakers ♪ What's up? Come on in. What's good with it? - You got a new couch? - Yep. It ain't rented either. Come sit down. Make yourself at home. This is nice. Yeah, this shit dangerous right here. I be laying down, watching TV, next thing you know, I wake up at 3:30 in the morning, slobber all over my face and shit. Shit, I could take a nap right now. Go ahead. I can turn the lights down. Hmm? Nah, I got to get out of here. I got a few more drop-offs. You want the usual? Nah, I need something a little more mellow. Give me that fruity shit. What, you stressed? I got a couple meetings next week. I need something to give me a cool head. - You feel me? - I got you. Hmm... This might be what you need. It's a hybrid. Just enough indica to loosen you up but still enough sativa to keep you on point. "Strawberry Gelato," huh? Yeah, people like it. Ooh-hoo. That shit is fire. Okay. Yeah, this is some good shit. This shit is lit. You ain't gonna smoke with me? Nah, I'm on the clock. You stay on the clock. Yeah. I want to raise my son in a two-income household. Don't your man sell shoes and shit? That used to be his side hustle. Now he just work at Sonny's. Yeah, I heard he got his night thing going on over there. I'ma roll through on him. Yeah, 'cause the food is lit. Hey, I know the bitch that be cookin' for him. She badder than a motherfucker, I tell you. Hey, why ain't you puttin' your nigga on your IG? I don't hide my nigga from the world. I hide the world from my nigga. I feel you. He fuckin' you right? What we got is deeper than that. What? Ain't nothin'. Bye, Dante. Hey, you ever need some good dick, God damn it, you know where to find it. Shit, you understand me. What the fuck is you doin' here? I-I don't want no trouble. I might have some information on Kiesha. I'm listening. When I was locked up, there was this white guy named Jeremiah O'Dwyer who was in there on a rape charge. Got out a few months ago. I saw him at the vigil the other night. Looked him up on the sex offender registry. He's staying with his father over in Woodlawn. - You think he got Kiesha? - Yeah, I got a feeling. But that don't mean shit. No, no, no, no. Some... something off about him. That's why I broke into his house. Why would you do that? I had to be sure. Oh, my God. This prove he got a thing for underage girls. All right, well, maybe we should call the cops. No, no, no, no. That... that... That'd just make him cover his tracks. - So what you want me to do? - I want to go talk to him. But... but I need you to come with me. No, bro. I'm not trying to get arrested. No, if I'm right, look, the last thing the cops are gonna do is arrest us. Why you so invested? I promised my grandma I'd do something good with my life before she died. I know I'm not perfect... ...but I'm all you got right now. I don't know why you scrollin' through her Instagram. These girls ain't fools. They probably don't even follow each other on there. She probably fuckin' one of these dudes she sell weed to. You got her in your mama's house. Shit, she could be fuckin' anybody. Man, I don't believe this shit. I thought we was building something. Yeah, just get you a side piece and call it even. This is what I get for being faithful? Boy, cheatin' is in your DNA. Fuck that. I'm trying to break the cycle. Oh, so she can cheat, but you can't. I don't even know if she's cheating. Well, you better find out. Well, the judge said we got to go to couple's therapy. Maybe I'll ask her then. You don't need no couple's therapy to tell if your girl is cheatin'. Nigga, you crazy. Here we go, yo. ♪ Tense music ♪ Hey, yo. Do I know you? We're looking for a missing girl. Hey, get off me! Hey, hey, we just want to talk. I ain't got shit to say to you. Let me go! What were you doing at the vigil? - What vigil? - Don't lie to me! - I saw you there. - We won't call the cops. I promise. Just tell us where she is. Now, we found these in your house. So, if you don't tell us where she is, we will call the cops. It's your choice. Give me the... You feel like talkin' now? - Fuck you! - Having naked pictures of underage girls will definitely get your bitch ass locked up. I delete my browser history every day. Open up the door, motherfucker! Open up the... This ain't over! ♪ Lady Bri's "Just Watch Me Now" ♪ ♪ Whoo ♪ ♪ Okay, step back, here comes the queen ♪ ♪ I'm in charge, don't mess with me ♪ ♪ I wear the crown, so kiss the ring ♪ Where's Otis? He's busy. Do you have an appointment? I don't need an appointment I'm his wife. ♪ Everybody can't get enough ♪ Yes, and I'm glad to have your support. Right. Mr. Houston, I'm gonna have to give you a call back. Hey, baby. Long time, no see. ♪ Tell me I'm the queen ♪ ♪ Upbeat jazzy music playing over speakers ♪ - I hate this shit. - Hey, watch your mouth. Let's just try to have a good time, okay? - There Jake go. - Hey, when do I meet Jemma? - How you know about Jemma? - I went through your phone. Mom, that's an invasion of privacy. I pay the bill. It's basically my phone. Look, I ain't ready for her to meet you yet. She got to earn that. I like that. Kevin, so glad you could make it. Right this way, please. Matt, I'd like to introduce you to Kevin Williams - and his mother... - Nina. Yes, of course. Now, Kevin is a shining example as to why your donations to the scholarship program are so important. He wouldn't be able to attend Northside Academy without your generous contributions. Your son could be the next Ben Carson. Let's hope not. Well, I'm just happy to play a small role in making sure he grows up to be all he can be. I think he would do that even without your help. I'm sure. Chicago needs to be run more like a business, not like a social program. We need to rein in city spending and make education more of a priority. Yes, and just like Whitney, we believe the children are our future. Douda sure got good taste in women. Aw, fuck! Can you believe that? What... what's so funny? One of the donors just mistook your mom for the cook. Ma, can we go? A lot of these donors have never even had dinner with a black person, let alone a conversation. I mean, look around. We make them so uncomfortable. They don't know if they should hug us or ask us to shine their shoes. Racial harmony is a fantasy. I just wish it wasn't always the oppressed people's job to educate the oppressor. I mean, haven't we done that enough? I like you. Me too. Um, I am going to get another glass of wine. Very nice to meet you, young lady. The pleasure was all mine. - Nice outfit. - Thanks. You dress up for me or for the event? What you think? So you gonna buy somethin'? Try this... Are you going to buy something? Are you going to buy something? Nah, auctions remind me too much of slavery. So you had me repeat the question just so you could say that. Anyway, speaking of slavery, uh, I got an extra ticket to the Civil Rights exhibit. Want to roll? You just happen to have two tickets? Yeah. Did anybody ever tell you you're a really bad liar? - Just meet me there tomorrow. - Don't get mannish. You gonna meet me there or not? Are you going to meet me there or not? I'll be there. The plan is to open a brand-new wing at the Cancer Research Center by third quarter next year. Brandon, who was one of our early board members, came in, helped us with a great first round of funding. Why is everybody hangin' off your daddy's nut sack? 'Cause he got money. Does he like donating to campaigns? Depends on the candidate. Uh, Mr. St. John, sorry to interrupt, but... ...I think you should know my dad. Yes, Mr. Perry. How's the mayoral campaign going? It's going great. It's going great. Oh, I, uh, see your wife is helping you on the campaign trail. Mm-hmm. I didn't know you had a son. Yeah, Jacob here is a more recent blessing. His brother used to work for me, but, unfortunately, gun violence claimed his life. Man, I remember what it used to be like on the South Side. You know, nowhere to turn, nobody to look up to. Felt like I was all alone. Jacob's mother... She's in rehab right now fighting to stay clean. So he needed a roof over his head and somebody that would always be there for him. And rather than trying to find that person... I decided to be that person. I'm in the process of, uh... adopting him. I've always wanted a son. My wife and I... we weren't able to have children, so he is truly an answered prayer. Well, that's quite a story. Yeah, you know, and I wish more folks were doing what I'm doing, and there would be a lot less violence out on the streets. ♪ My storage is empty ♪ - ♪ My storage ♪ - ♪ My storage is empty ♪ - ♪ My storage is empty ♪ - ♪ My storage is empty ♪ ♪ And I am ♪ ♪ Available ♪ ♪ To you ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ Now, y'all know I don't believe in the separation of church and state... 'cause I don't understand how you can vote for somebody that don't vote for God. I want to vote for a politician that believes in putting God first. So tonight I'm gonna bring you someone who's not afraid to put prayer back in politics. So please give a warm welcome to my longtime friend and the woman who hopefully is gonna be Chicago's next mayor, Miss Camille Hallaway. Whoo-hoo! How y'all doing tonight? You good? Did y'all read the headlines this morning? Yeah, a little boy was shot and killed in front of his mother's house in broad daylight. Last week I read about a young lady that's gone missing, and her parents are doing everything they can to find her because the police aren't being helpful. Now, I was supposed to come up here and talk about my plans to get this city working again, to work on improving our failed school system, but it's hard to do that when our children aren't safe. Now, that's not the Chicago I remember. I could play outside all day. My mother was gainfully employed. When I got out of line, my neighbors would discipline me. That's the Chicago I know and love. I often hear people talking about, where are our black leaders at? Who's the next MLK? Where's Malcolm? Who gonna be the next Shirley Chisholm? But I'm here to tell you, it's time to stop looking to other people to lead you to the promised land. - That's right. - I ain't Jesus. - You got that right. - I'm just a woman standing before you, asking you to lead yourselves. See, I don't want to walk in front of you. I want to walk alongside you, because we're all in this together. - Yeah. - This is our city. Our ancestors built this city, brick by brick, with bloody hands. And how dare we spill each other's blood on the streets they marched on? It's time for us to stop playing the blame game and become the heroes we in here praying for. Now, my opponent... Otis or Douda or whatever he want to call himself this week... Don't care about you. All he wants is a bigger office with a nice view. And to be real, that's what most politicians want. But lucky for you, I'm not a politician. I'm a chick from the South Side whose grandmother was a part of the Great Migration and whose mom fought for civil rights. I'm not here to give you talking points. I'm here to ask questions, like, why in the last 15 years has Chicago lost over 250,000 black residents 'cause they could no longer afford to live here? Why is the lifespan in Englewood 30 years less than those living in the Gold Coast? Why do they keep shutting down mental-health clinics and schools on the South Side? These are questions I don't have the answers to. But if you put me in office, I'll make it my business to go get us some. Now, a lot of y'all don't know me, and that's okay. But over the course of this campaign, I promise to let you into my home. I want you to meet my family. I want you to know how I became the woman I am today. Now, before you go digging, I'll tell you right now, I ain't perfect. I have not always done the right thing. But guess what. Neither have you. So I implore you not to demand something of your leaders you don't demand of yourself. We're all made in God's image, and we've all done our share of sinning. But that don't have nothing to do with me making Chicago great again. And that's what I've come here to do. And if you with me, let me get an "amen." Amen! ♪ Uplifting music ♪ Mmm, this is way better than that white-people food. I really like that girl Jemma. Yeah. Me too. Does she know about your sister? I understand if you don't want people to know. I just don't want anybody feeling sorry for me. You always had a way with words, even when you were a little girl. They're not just words, Pastor. I meant what I said. Hey, you don't have to convince me. You already have my vote. I appreciate you. What she paying you for, Dad? Boy, you better stay out of grown folks' business. I just feel like we ain't connecting. Tiff, you seem bothered by that statement. We have a son together. How much more connected can we be? Well, having a child actually makes it difficult for parents to be connected. They often get bogged down by the responsibilities that go along with being a parent. Well, I'm usually the one that does most of the parenting. See, that's my other issue. No matter how much I do for our son, she don't be appreciating shit. I'm not gonna give you a round of applause every time you take him to the park. I'm not asking for a round of applause. Well, what do you want, then? I want us to have sex twice a week. Oh, so that's what this is about? When couples aren't having sex, there's usually - a bigger problem at hand. - Like what? Well, that's what we're here to find out. Negro, I work all day, and I take care of our son at night while you out slinging barbecue with some bitch. When am I supposed to find time to fuck you twice a week? I don't know, but you need to find it. Let's not make demands. If we don't figure this shit out, I'll go - find mine somewhere else. - Are you s... Threats aren't helpful, either. Really, nigga? After all we've been through, you gonna sit here and threaten me with that shit? I don't want to be that nigga, but what do you want me to do? Jerk off or something. - See what I'm sayin'? - Tiffany. Let's talk about what you need from Emmett in order for you to want to be intimate. He can start by doing the dishes. All right, fine. But don't do it just for that. All I know is you better not be fuckin' somebody else. I'm not like you. I don't know. You Scorpios is savage. Here you go. You must've been talkin' to your trifling-ass daddy. That's his problem. How you gonna take relationship advice from somebody who got seven kids by five different baby mamas, and he about to get another divorce? Huh? You want to know why I ain't fucking you? Please tell me. 'Cause I ain't trying to get pregnant again. I thought... I thought you was on birth control. I got off. Had my hormones all jacked up. Okay, I'll wear a condom. Nigga, please. Why don't you get your tubes tied? Why don't you get a vasectomy? ♪ Nina Simone's "I Put a Spell on You" ♪ ♪ I put a spell on you ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're mine ♪ ♪ You better stop the things you do ♪ ♪ I ain't lyin' ♪ ♪ No, I ain't lyin' ♪ ♪ You know I can't stand it ♪ I see why you like her. She ain't give a fuck. My daddy didn't want me to have a thing about being dark-skinned, so he always made sure that I had positive images of dark-skinned women growing up. - That's dope. - I'm just curious as to why they chose to highlight "Four Women" instead of "Mississippi Goddam." People are still afraid of her. They try to make her palatable for white audiences. Yeah, you're right. Maybe you should tell 'em. Yeah. You ain't said nothin' but a word. Come on. Do me a favor and stop watering down Ms. Simone's legacy. - Excuse me? - You heard what she said. Stop pouring water on Ms. Simone. Stop rewriting our history. Yeah. - Let me see your tickets. - Why? I intend on writing a letter to the executive director of this museum concerning my extreme disappointment with this exhibit and the horrendous treatment of two honor students who are currently attending one of the top schools in the state. I'm not an honor student. Come on, Kevin, let's go. Come on! This is harassment. I'm gonna call the cops. We're on public property. We ain't breakin' no laws. I don't know shit about that girl. Aah! You better start talkin', motherfucker. This nigga been to jail, and he's homeless. He ain't got shit to lose. Ohh, fuck! Next blow gonna knock your teeth out. - Mm-hmm. - I don't know her name. I-I just wanted to spend a little time with her. I didn't mean to hurt her, I swear. - Where the fuck is she? - She's at the beach. 63rd Street Beach. Hey. ♪ Dramatic music ♪ What? No. No... Thanks for having my back earlier. Huh? Would you get off your phone and be present? Oh. I'll do you one better. I cannot wait to tell my daddy about this. Guess your dad's a big deal, huh? Yeah, he rich rich. Come on. Let's get out of here. Wait. I got to tell you something. - I can't... I can't... - Shh, it's okay, it's okay. Um... is it possible if you can turn the body over? What? I just need to see her back. Why? - She had a tattoo on her back. - No, she didn't. Yes, babe, she did. It's... Not her. It wasn't her. It's not her. Oh... Oh, my God. Oh, oh. Oh. Where is she? I ain't gettin' fixed, man. You might need to. You fertile as hell, boy. You on her side, too? Hell, yeah. You a lot to put up with. Look, you just can't expect your girl to give it up. - You got to earn it. - How? Just think about the things she likes and do that. You the wisest man I know, Sonny. You only get to be wise by making a lot of mistakes. ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Let's have a little fun, make some memories ♪ ♪ It's all I need, all I need ♪ ♪ Pass a little smoke, sip a little drink ♪ ♪ It's all on me, all on me ♪ ♪ I just want to bring the life ♪ ♪ To the party, to the party ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm gonna bring the life ♪ ♪ To the party, to the party ♪ ♪ We go so hard on the weekend ♪ ♪ Like, like, like ♪ ♪ I guess our time is just a season ♪ ♪ A season, yeah ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face right now ♪ ♪ Text my friends it's goin' down ♪ ♪ And I ain't goin' home alone ♪ ♪ Act like you already know ♪ ♪ Let's have a little fun ♪ ♪ Make some memories ♪ ♪ Pass a little smoke, sip a little drink ♪ ♪ It's all on me, all on me ♪ ♪ I just want to bring the life ♪ ♪ To the party, to the party ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm gonna bring the life ♪ ♪ To the party, to the party ♪ ♪ Gonna celebrate like it's a winning touchdown ♪ ♪ No, no, no ♪ ♪ No worries for tomorrow, just right now ♪ ♪ Right now right, right now ♪ ♪ I can't feel my face right now ♪ ♪ Text my friends it's goin' down ♪ ♪ And I ain't goin' home alone ♪ ♪ Act like you already know ♪ ♪ Let's have a little fun, make some memories ♪ ♪ It's all I need, all I need ♪ ♪ Pass a little smoke, sip a little drink ♪ ♪ It's all on me, all on me ♪ ♪ I just want to bring the life ♪ ♪ To the party, to the party ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah, I'm gonna bring the life ♪ ♪ To the party, to the party ♪ Mm. The kid's a nice touch. He's more than that. Oh, so now you want to be a daddy. Okay, I wasn't ready to be a father then. It was too dangerous. I know. I always knew you would be a great father. I like this. Rose, it's important that we don't get too involved. This is business. Why are you running for mayor anyway? Because they told me I couldn't. One day my teacher, she asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. And I said I wanted to be mayor, just like Harold Washington. And she said, "Harold Washington "was born in Bronzeville. "You're from Englewood. You better find a trade." You always love proving people wrong. Yeah. But it's more than that, babe. I want to show people that a nigga from Englewood, he can grow up and be more than just a gangster. I can run this city. So this ain't just a money play. No. It's way bigger than that. Yeah. ♪ Dramatic music ♪ Something troubling you, my brother? I just saw the police... find a young girl's body by the lake. My God. Did you know her? No, but... I thought she was someone I've been looking for. Why were you looking for her? 'Cause a voice told me it's my destiny to find her. That's what I've been called to do. You sayin' the Lord spoke to you? No, it wasn't like that. God just put me in the right place at the right time. Oh, well, then you should feel blessed. I mean, the good Lord don't just speak to anybody. No, but he led me to the wrong girl. Well, as long as He's leading you, that's all that matters. Let me help you get closer to God. If you do, maybe you can hear Him better. Let me get a drag of that. I'm sorry I didn't tell you about the tattoo. Her having a tattoo is the least of my worries. I'm just glad it wasn't our daughter. No, but she's someone else's. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 