The Chi: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Chi 
 s2e3 - Past Due - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Chi (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Past Due - full transcript 
 Brandon gets a new opportunity. Kevin and Maisha form an unlikely friendship. Emmett takes on more responsibility at work. Cruz deals with blowback from Ronnie's confession. Ronnie receives shocking news. Toussaint gets a lead on her case. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on The Chi... May I help you? Stop! Fuck beats up an old lady? It's a wonder she's alive. I need to make a call. I need to see if my grandmother's out of surgery now. I'll see what I can do. But you need to calm the fuck down. But I already talked to them. Ronnie Davis is trying to get out of jail. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You talking to the DA could help put him away. That was cool, what you did for Junie. I'll take it as gratitude, 'cause our debt is settled. Maisha... - You like my hair? - It's nice. I'll give you whatever you want. Just show me who killed my brother. I'll take the wheels. What about the bike? I'm lending it to you. You know, for the baby and stuff. Are you a drunk, Mr. Davis? Stop drinking that fucking pruno 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 so I can get you out of here. Smell like shit. You okay? I'll testify. Hold up. Hold up! What's your name, you little badass? Jason. Really, Ronnie? Three waffles? The last thing I need is this boy on a sugar high. He barely concentrates on anything other than basketball as it is. Oh, let him have it, just for today. No school, parent-teacher conferences... Can I have some more syrup? See? And I made you a sandwich to go, hmm? I know how you like to eat in the car on the way to work. - Thank you. - Mmm. I can't believe you did all this before 7 a.m. I'm still on military time. I'm sorry. Don't apologize. I think it's sweet. - Mm. - Ew! Boy, go brush your teeth. So what do you got planned today? Gonna go head over to my grandma's, gonna cut her grass, do some work around the house, and after that, me and J are just gonna hang out, see what we can get into. Thought you were gonna go over to the post office. I heard on the news, they were hiring, like, a hundred new mail carriers. I'm on it, babe. I'm gonna get a good job real soon. It's only been a few months since I got back. Come here. Come on. I'm gonna take care of you guys. Come on. You have my word on that. We argue. I took out the gun and... I need to hear you say it. I shot him. That was it. I need to hear you say it. I shot him. That was it. Ronald Davis' toxicology report. Should I do the honors, or would you like to? Go ahead. His blood alcohol level was twice the legal limit on the night of the confession, with trace amounts of barbiturates and a sedative. Sarge, he shot that kid. We know that. Now prove it. He described the gun. He took a chain off the body. He confessed on tape, for Christ's sake. All while being drunk off his ass. My work on this case was solid. There's an eyewitness. You better make sure this kid is solid, because you know what it means if this confession doesn't stick. It's the Board of Review and IA breathing down both our necks. I signed off on this thing. I need you to fix it. So my pops got, like, this small African village over there, right? Okay, yeah, I know I got a lot of kids too, but I'm saying this shit's crazy. I got no privacy. I gotta wait in line to take a piss. And my stepmom, she buy groceries saturday morning. Tuesday night, all the food be gone. No almond milk, nothing. You gotta start putting your name on shit. No, they don't respect that. You better figure it out. Can't call yourself no man if you don't take care of your kids. The-the system is rigged against fathers. They're grilling me like I'm fucking O.J. while she get to just sit there. She doing what she's supposed to, be a good mama. So the court can take money out of my pocket but won't help me see my son? That's some bullshit. Ain't this about a bitch? What the hell is he doing? Oh, I know dude. I got this. Yo, you Brandon, right? Yeah, I'll be ready for orders in a minute. Bro, I don't want no damn tacos. You can't park right here. This is a place of business. This is a business too. On wheels. Then wheel your ass on up out of here. Man, me and Sonny sell two different things. People want fried chicken, they gonna come to y'all regardless. If they wanna try something different and maybe expand their palate a little bit, they'll come check me out. Man, why don't you take this roach coach up the block? You need to pump your fucking brakes. Don't be calling my shit no roach coach. It's named after my brother, and I'm only parking here because the rest of the block is permit only. Then get a fucking permit. Today ain't the day, dog. Look, man. I don't know why you going all crazy. But I'm not about to fight you over no chicken. You know what? Fuck it. You win. Everybody wins. Except Brandon. Yo, Emmett, there's something wrong with Sonny. What? He had this weird look on his face, and then he just fell. I think he overheated or something. Sonny, can you hear me? You get... get that boy to move his damn truck? Sonny, Sonny, try to... try to smile for me. Call 911. I think he having a stroke. There's nothing to be nervous about, Kevin. You just tell the truth. That's right. We'll be in there with you. You think that Ronnie guy is gonna be in there with the judge? I mean, he does have the right to face his accuser, something like that. Boy, sometimes you're too smart for your own good. You're gonna worry me to death. Saw it on Law & Order: SVU. Let's go, son. Ms. Williams? Yes, are they ready for us? Uh, I spoke with the judge's secretary. It'll be another few moments. I'm Alfred Justin with the Advocacy Group for Children. - Hey. - Hi. We work with kids and parents who unfortunately find themselves involved in some way with the court system. Are you an attorney? No, our work is in social services. It's incredibly brave of you to let Kevin testify. I've helped families in the past deal with the pressures and sometimes the unfortunate consequences of giving testimony, particularly in cases of this magnitude. Consequences? Uh, can we have a minute? What'd he say, Mom? Nothing you need to worry about. Come on. We're leaving. - You've done more than enough. - But, Mom... I said come on, Kevin. Thank you for the assist. Hey, boy, what's your credit score? Oh, shit. You probably somewhere in the 600s, ain't you? Man, not right now. Nobody told you to go to that expensive-ass culinary school. Ain't nobody told you you gotta look through my mail or commenting on everything under the fucking sun every time I come over here. DA's office must have called you too. Yeah, they did. I think it's fucked up. Yeah, me too. It's bullshit. It's all bullshit. Your mama said she ain't coming back to Chicago. What? Why? She couldn't handle being here if Coogie's killer goes free. He ain't even free yet. She said her spirit told her he was getting off. Man, she always feeling some shit in her spirit. It ain't never positive. Why she don't feel, "I'm gonna win the lotto", in her spirit? I know she drinking again too. So what you gonna do, move down there with her? I ain't leaving Chi-town, not even for your crazy-ass mama. I was fine with moving down to Tennessee with her, get me some barbecue, but I ain't fucking with no Delaware. I feel that. Guess I'll catch this overtime at CTA, then spend my off days with my daughter and grandbaby. Keep my mind occupied. Might finish sprucing up around here too... make it more my own. Well, don't get too comfortable. My name's still on the deed. Hmm. The fuck he want? I guess you heard about Ronnie? I did. I can't imagine how hard this must be for you and your family. No, you can't. I promise I am doing everything I can to make sure he stays behind bars. You think your mother would be okay to write a victim impact statement? She ain't around, so I doubt it. How could you let this happen? All these black men in jail for shit they didn't do and this fool admits to killing my brother on tape? How is he talking about getting out of jail? Your mom won't write that statement, I think you should. It could really help. Here's a better thought. How about you do your job and leave me and my family the fuck alone? I believe my client's confession was coerced by an unscrupulous detective, that he pressured his own confidential informant into implicating himself in a murder charge. I guess it's the detective's fault, too, that we have an eyewitness. An eyewitness in the form of a 12-year-old child who was clearly traumatized, who's currently in therapy, and who, by the way, shot my client in the stomach. - Is this true? - Yes, sir. Eyewitness testimony is unreliable from adults in the best of circumstances. Certainly that's the case here with the kid. Thought the Ronnie Davis case was pretty much open and shut. But in light of new information, there's more to consider. I'll deliberate and render my decision shortly. Having sold eight boxes, Stacey Smith leads our fund-raiser right now. Congratulations. Not to embarrass anyone but to encourage you all to work harder to win those great prizes for the top sellers, Lisa Gobbs and Stanley Jackson hold the last spots. But there's still plenty of time left and plenty of room for improvement. Man, Kev. I gotta level up. Shedd Aquarium's weak. Penguins and sharks are straight, but that's it. But I need this flat-screen. I'm redoing the Papa Cave. To win the flat-screen, you gotta sell 30 boxes. Twelve candy bars a box, 360 bars, at two dollars a pop is 720 bucks for a TV that retails at $400 that the school gets for free as a donation. Ain't nobody got time for that. Who are you, Rain Man? You don't understand. There's only one good TV in the whole house. Ain't nobody got time to be watching the Gospel Channel - all day long. - Man, be weak if you want to. Great work, everybody. Keep on selling. Mr. Williams, may I have a word? If you're not going to sell candy, could you at least not call the aquarium weak in front of the whole class? But the aquarium's weak. It's not about you, Mr. Williams. Your parents can afford to take you to the aquarium. This fund-raiser is about students who aren't as fortunate. My bad. So... no more bad-mouthing the candy sale or the aquarium. Deal? And since you clearly know the math, I expect you to return on Friday with $24 in sales. - But... - Think of it as doing a good deed for your fellow classmate. That thing you asked for. Thank you. So... how'd it go? I laid out all the points. It's a solid case. Now it's up to the judge. And what about the eyewitness? I wouldn't worry about that. You been keeping your nose clean? You tell me. You're the bloodhound. You smell better than before. Well, thank you for taking my case pro bono. It's nice having someone on your side. Mr. Davis... I've never been on your side. You think I enjoy getting murderers and white supremacists off? I'm trying to make partner. I'll let you know when I hear something. At least you didn't have to see him. If he gets out of jail, think he'll come looking for you again? I don't know. I hope not, 'cause all that drama with him chasing you last time aggravated my asthma. Everything aggravates your asthma. So you ain't scared of him no more? Hell no. I ain't scared of that nigga. I never was. Cool, but just in case, you want me to have the elders at the church pray and lay hands on you? No, y'all be slapping oil on people and getting the Holy Ghost too much. But that stuff works. Last week, my dad knocked me out with the Holy Ghost. I woke up the next morning and aced my math test. Yeah, uh, I'm cool. Kev, who can we finesse to get these candy bars off? We? You mean you. What the... How Maisha gonna give the bike back that I gave her? I know she not calling herself trying to be nice. No. Hold on. Don't touch it. Wait, what? What? Yo, we don't know what kinda criminal activity Maisha has been getting into. Was she even at school today? Um, nope. Exactly. If I was you, I'd ride that shit straight back to her ass. You can't be out here riding dirty, Kev. Anybody witness you shooting Coogie? Yeah. Name? Kevin. Cruz, you got a minute? I'm, uh, kind of in the middle of something. It's cool. It'll only take a sec. I got no priors on Brandon Johnson, but who's this guy? Homies showed him mad love at the repast. That's Reginald Taylor. People call him Reg. He's a street leader of the 63rd Street Mob. Run him, you'll see he's been a menace his whole life. That explains all the ring kissing. He doesn't strike me as a boss, though. I'm assuming he answers to somebody else. Yeah, they all answer to somebody. Gang founder's doing double life for a body he dropped in '89. Shot caller before Reg was a flashy hood named Trice. Before him, it was an old-schooler named Q. Street says both are dead. And if Reg should meet an untimely death, who are the next knuckleheads in succession? Appreciate you, Detective. Don't mention it. Getting used to you interrupting me. My dad talks about you all the time. You're like a son to him. Doctor said he wouldn't be alive if it wasn't for you. Tch, well, my mom's a nurse. She's always talking to me about her patients. I guess some of it stuck. But look, Sonny ain't going nowhere. He got the whole hood to feed. Yeah. I don't know. And I'm vegan, so I don't know the first thing about chicken. Wait, so you're thinking about closing this place? The family has talked about it. You can't. I need this job. Well, I'd hate to do it, but I... Let me run it. I can hold down the fort till Sonny's back on his feet. But do you have any experience running a business? I know enough. Besides, no sense in shutting it down when it can be open, making money, right? One step forward, two steps back. That's my life. No breaks. It's like this thing with Coogie's killer. First he confessed and said he did it. Now he got a new lawyer and he's trying to get out of jail. Hey, I wouldn't sweat it. He murdered your brother in cold blood. There's no way he's walking Scot-free for that. Yeah, you're probably right. Good thing is, business is steady. Give me a little breathing room to catch up on some of these bills. Yo, speaking of bills, you get this joint? Five grand to the winner and a three-page spread on Great Plate Magazine might solve your problems. Yeah, I saw that, but I might be out of my league. Please, you're just as good as them. Shit. - Can you get that for me? - Yeah, I got you. Yo. Yep. Yeah, I can do that. Just send me the address. Peace. Hey, look, after we handle this last customer, - shut it down. - What? Why? We got another job. I'll tell you about it on the way. Um, where the fuck are we, the Players Ball? Man, ever since I did Junie's repast, I've been getting calls off the hook. I'm in high demand at hood funerals now. Plus, I can make twice as much doing this as I can selling tacos on King Drive from 12 to three. There's gotta be an easier way to make money than this. Nah, G. This the lick. Besides, in a restaurant, I'd never be able to get to see Monkey D and Lady Isis. Beautiful. You feel me? I knew you'd come. I've been all over this place looking for your ass. I didn't know you moved. Look, I'm just here to give you this bike back, 'cause God knows what you been doing with it. Aw, you must care. - Care about what? - About me. I don't care about you. On my mamas. I just don't give people stuff and take it back. You know what? Forget it. Wait. My mom told me to bring the bike back. One of my snitch-ass cousins told. But as long as you here, I need something. You need to start bringing me my homework every day. Now you got a ride. No. I'm not your slave. You would be so lucky. Do it, or I'll tell Mrs. Jones about that volcano y'all stole from the library and get you and your little friends in trouble. Damn, Maisha. Thought we was cool. Just bring me my homework, boy. Miss Ethel, this is Detective Toussaint. Miss Davis, I wanna talk to you about what you remember about the attack. Would you recognize any of the men if you saw them? No. I know that boy. But it-it wasn't him. Yeah, take it slow. Can you describe who attacked you? Now, that I can do. He was black. Smiled a lot. Tall. And ugly something. And said he was a homeless vet. You said, "He." There was only one attacker? Okay. I'm all right. I'm all right. I'm sorry. She needs her rest. You should come back later. You have reached (773) 555-0155. At the tone, please leave a message. You and that girl must be getting serious. What's her name? Tammy? Tracy, Grandma. I knew it was a T some kind of way. Seems very serious if you keeping her son. When your mama was alive, she wouldn't let nobody watch you but me. Grandma, how you like if I plant you some peonies out here? Sounds good to me. I made some sweet tea. - Y'all want some? - I do. - All right. - Thanks, Grandma. Ronnie, who's your favorite Bulls player right now? Jordan. Past, present, and future. Ronnie, come get this tray. Keep working on your left hand. - Hey! - Go get it, scrub. Watch it there now, son. Keep the ball over there. - Whatever. - Don't you "whatever" me. - You call me sir, understand? - Hey, hey, hey! Don't you put your hands on my son! What'd I tell you about keeping - that ball over here, huh? - Ow! You need to stay on this side of the street! You're hurting me! - You ain't my daddy! - Hmm. I'm ready to go home. Jason, come back here! Damn, burner's out. Oh, we served that much food? You mean they ate that much food. That was a gang of people. I'm tired as hell. Now I gotta use what I was gonna make off this job to fix this shit. Didn't I just say? Two steps back. Hey, B, let me holler at you right fast, young blood. Man, I sure do appreciate you coming through for me like that on such short notice. Cousin Mildred was supposed to did all the food. She messed around, got called in for a double. - You understand, playboy. - It's all good, Smitty. - You ready to get settled up? - Yes, sir. Let's handle this biz and I'll get back to these streets. It's gonna be 1,500 even. Fifteen hundred? You said 850. I mean, that's when you told me it was gonna be 60 people I was cooking for. Half of Lawndale showed up out here. Oh, boy, you got that Ronald Reagan inflation around this piece. I got you, though. What am I supposed to do with this? That's that Ooh-Wee Teena Marie. You bag that up right, you got 700 right fast. By the time it's all said and done, you might mess around, owe me, blood. I wanna speak to your supervisor. What seems to be the problem? The problem is her funky attitude. And you're out of dark meat. Oh, I apologize for that, ma'am. Um, we cooking up another batch right now. She said that 30 minutes ago. Can you please be nice to the customers? And where the hell is Rhonda? She called off. Said she ain't feel like dealing with these people today. Neither do I, but I still showed up. - Folks is trifling. - Mm. Terry, how much longer on the chicken? I'm moving as fast as I can, bro. I only got one fryer. And that grease trap is still backed up on the other one. Who was supposed to clean the grease trap? You. Fuck. Sundra need to close this place, 'cause you don't know what you doing. What you say? What you say? Man, get back to work. Oh, so you're the manager now? Yeah, which means I can fire people. Sir, this chicken is burnt. Oh, it's not burnt. It's-it's-it's extra crispy. I want my money back. Get off my porch! Go away! Afternoon. Yo, go! What they running for? Excuse me, miss. I just wanted to ask... I have a... Come on. Instead we see who we are not Wait a minute. This is about Ethel? I'll talk to you. Sit your ass down, Kang! Making all that noise. I got a noisy one too. Detective Toussaint. What's your name? Gladys, baby. I've lived over here 46 years, and I ain't scared of these Negroes. What you need to know? Recognize anybody here as a troublemaker? I don't. You know, they all start to look the same after a while. What's with all the "For Sale" signs? Folks want to move, it's getting so bad around here. All the shootings, break-ins, what they did to Ethel. It's terrible. Miss Gladys, aside from the crime, would you happen to know if some of your neighbors have been forced to leave their homes? Anybody been evicted recently? I don't know nothing about nobody getting evicted. There's this white girl walking around offering folks money to move, so some people taking it. This white girl have a name? I don't know. If you see that white girl again, will you please give me a call? Sure will. Huh. Mm. - It's actually premium shit. - Yes. Yeah. I could flip it. Probably get about 800 for it. That should square us on the truck. Cool? Damn, yeah. I was gonna knock out a couple of these other bills before I hit you back for the truck. How the hell you not gonna pay me first? I'm your chief investor. Man, 'cause these bills taking turns whupping my ass. Let me just hold 400 of this until I can get the burner fixed and get out of this hole and then I'll pay you back as soon as I can. I got you. What the hell you doing catering pimp funerals? I'll cater anybody's funeral, long as the check clears. No, what you need is a venture capitalist with deep pockets. I got this joint in the mail the other day. Might not help me right this second, but... "The After Taste. Next generation." Yeah, it's a food competition. It's a spin off the Taste of Chicago. In order to get in, you gotta own a restaurant or a food truck, be affiliated with a culinary school, and have, like, three signature dishes. But you got all that. Why you saying you don't know? See, this is what I'm talking about. Your chakras, they all out of balance. Two, three, four, five, six. All seven of them. You'd kill this contest, bro. My school's one of the sponsors, and you gotta be in good financial standing to compete. Which I know you ain't. Man, it don't even matter. Hold up, did they actually tell you you couldn't compete? No. But you know how white people is about they money. Boy, you better act like you got a mouthpiece on you. You a Johnson. We make shit happen. Now, go down there and talk somebody ear off until they let you in. - Well... - Boy, what you doing? Mine. Here. You're getting a quiz on linear equations. My notes are in there. Use them if you want. Have one. They're yellow cake. I made too many. Mama got you babysitting again? Yeah, she got another job. Your mom's got a lot of jobs. She got a lot of kids. Uh, you wanna come in? I'll wrap the rest up for you to take to your big-boned friend Papa. I know he'll eat them. Next time, you gotta use two hands, Sierra. Okay? No more snacks after this. It's time for y'all butts to take a nap anyway. So what's the tea at school? Is Dijonay and Alexa still beefing? No, y'all girls be spilling tea too much. I just mind my business. You're boring. So, uh, when you coming back to school? I don't know. My mom says she got a lot on her plate and she needs me right now. Uh, tell Papa not to eat these all at once with his greedy self. Okay. I'll tell him. Uh, will I see you tomorrow? Yeah. Hey. Come here. Can I have a high five? High five? Can I have a hug? Coogie? Hey, yo, Brandon! Brandon! Hey, yo, Brandon! Brandon! Yo, Brandon! Brandon, wait up! What up, Kev? Long time, no see. Yeah. I didn't think you saw me. You heard about that Ronnie dude trying to get out? Yeah, I heard. Look, man, it's getting late. Put your bike in the back. I'll give you a ride. All right. Thanks. I just wish I could do more. I'm sorry. Don't be. Just you being willing to speak up in the first place was helpful. Real talk. Hmm? What you was doing all the way on the other side of town? Dropping off some homework to this girl at my school. Don't let me find out you got a little girlfriend, Kev. First of all, she ain't little. Second of all, it ain't even like that, bro. Yeah, whatever. Whatever, man. Let's get in on this football. You know anything about a white lady canvassing Miss Ethel's neighborhood, making property inquiries? No, first I've heard of that. The Davis confession. Figured out your next move? No, there is no next move. Ronnie Davis is exactly where he belongs. He shot that kid and confessed. Drunk, sober, it doesn't matter. I know him. Guy's a functioning alcoholic. Worked as my CI for the past two years. So you took the confession of a drunk informant? Why didn't you just tank him till he sobered up? You know the protocol. He killed Coogie Johnson. He and I both know it. It's all bullshit. Lawyers doing what they do: bastardizing the law. They find loopholes, and it's our job to make sure there aren't any. There must have been something about this Ronnie Davis guy, this Coogie Johnson case that caused the rush. I don't need a shrink. Okay? I did everything by the book. That was his, right? Yeah. How was it like, having a brother? Fun. Crazy. When he was little, he used to hate all that hair. Kids made fun of him, called him a girl. He got into a gang of fights over it too. Until I told him, like, being different is what makes you special. Anyway, why? No brothers? No, just a bossy-ass big sister. I'm sure she just looking out for you, G. Thanks for the ride. Dope truck. You're welcome to roll anytime. I could always use an extra hand. Hey, you're pretty smart at school, right? Hmm, I'm all right, I guess. I wanna read something to you. Check it out. See what you think. Sure. The detective handling Coogie's case, he asked me to write a statement. Supposed to sway the judge's decision about keeping Coogie's killer in jail. Hey, look, I'm not much of a writer, so don't be judging my shit hard. Just read it. "My little brother, Coogie, everybody loved him. He was the glue that held my family together. And now that he's gone, it just seems like everything's falling apart. For me, sometimes my mom. Even though he was my little brother, he felt like a son to me. Because I raised him. Taught him how to tie his shoes, how to read, how to ride a bike. He was the light at the end of the tunnel. Now there's no light. Just darkness. That's what this killer took away from me and my family." That was, that was really good. Brother seemed like a really cool guy. Yeah, thanks for listening, dude. Still got my number, right? All right, well, let me know if you need anything. - Thanks. - All right. Maximum range of an M-16 A1 assault rifle's 3,600 meters. Effective flying range of 550 meters. Fires in rapid succession 800 rounds per minute. It'd be so easy to take you out. You been back and forth at that window all day. What you looking for? You need to come away from it. Your disability's here. I'm not disabled. I'm fine. Ronnie, I need you to go downtown and pay that water bill. And get yourself together like you been telling that girl. The DA pulled the case. What does that mean? They didn't think they had enough evidence to move forward. You're a free man. I don't know exactly what to say. Say you'll do better. This check is the balance on your commissary account. I can coordinate a halfway house if you need someplace to stay. No, I-I'm staying with my grandma. I gotta get back and take care of her. While your concern for your grandmother is understandable, you won't be much use to her if you don't get your life together. I know. It's all I've been thinking about since she's been in the hospital. If I was a better man, maybe this wouldn't have happened. This probably sounds crazy, but it's like... I been doing better in here. The order, routine. It's almost like the Army. - Almost. - I've heard that before. Some people thrive in the four walls of an institution but a prison can't be the only place a man survives. You have to find structure on the outside. You being released is a miracle. No one walks on a murder charge. Unless I'm defending them. You have a lot to figure out, Mr. Davis. Good luck to you. Is there any brisket today? No, just chicken. Uh, hush puppies? Nope, just chicken. All right, what about them Cajun fries y'all got? Bruh, just chicken. So when y'all said, "Sonny's Chicken Pit," y'all really meant that shit? Look, man, this is the menu until Sonny gets back. This all we got. I mean, can we move it along? You want a hush puppy, you can... I can't believe Sonny left you in charge. Well, believe it. How can I help you? Look, I need some money for EJ dentist appointment. I already gave you your monthly check. And that barely covers daycare. You wanted a child support order, you got one, all right? I'm paying what they told me to pay. Why you need to go to an expensive-ass dentist, anyway? He only got three teeth. So you can spend $300 on a pair of gym shoes but you can't cough up no extra money for your son? I ain't bought no new shoes in, like, three weeks. Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Look, you can either order food or get the fuck out. Fuck you, Emmett. Sh... Where you taking me? It's a briefing for inmates within 30 days of release. Congratulations, by the way. Playing your drunk card is bullshit. You know it. You're the one that told me that kid was standing over Jason's body. The fuck you think was gonna happen? I looked out for you. Your family. This is what you do to me? Fuck you. And since you think I owe you something, I won't tell my lawyer you assaulted me. Excuse me, sir. Would you like a candy bar? We've been out here for three hours and only made eight dollars between us. Be patient. Sales is the long game. I feel light headed. What you light headed for? Do not try to back out of this. I told you. I've been on the Daniel Fast at church. But today is the last day. Praise Jesus. You've been on a Daniel Fast? And today's the last day? What? Bible says that obedience is better than the sacrifice. Can I get some help in here today? Aww, don't y'all go to looking at your clocks. Because the Lord is speaking and I'm still teaching. I said obedience is better than a sacrifice. And through your obedience all blessings will flow. Almost over. As soon as my daddy get done preaching. He long winded. He been preaching for a long time. How you know he almost done? Well... I say ten days. Ten days. He just held up crackers. He always does that at the end of a fast. Boy, I feel the anointing of a four piece spicy dark in my spirit. Right now I receive it. I receive it. I receive it. You are dismissed. - Two dollars. - Know you're hungry. - Get them before they sell out. - Selling over here. - Selling over here. - Two dollars. Thank you, man. Two. Two dollars. We got everything over here. Here we go, here we go. Time is money, people. - I ain't trying to waste it. - You make change here? Thank you, thank you, thank you. We know you're hungry. Come on. All right, here you go. - Give me four! - There you go. We do good? Hello? You are receiving a call from a correctional institution. Caller, please state your name. Hello? You can't put your hands on my child like that, Ronnie. I didn't mean to hurt him. Let's not make a big deal out of this. You know I love Jason. What's going on with you? You're not yourself. I don't want my son to be scared of you. Hell, I don't wanna be scared of you. I was just trying to protect him, that's all. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Listen. I hear a lot of what you say, Ronnie, but it's not lining up with what you do. You love Jason. You love me. You say you're applying for all these city jobs. You say you're working on finding us a better place to stay. But where is any of that? I'm waiting on people to call. Baby, I can't control all that. I need stability. I'm really trying, Trace. I swear to God, I am! Just... Just, if you can hang in there with me. I love you. But I'm sorry. This is all just too much for me right now. I think we need to slow down a little. You know? Take a break. Here. Here's all my tip money. You can have it. Go get his teeth checked. Thank you. You wanna come inside? Where EJ at? He asleep? I work early shifts on Wednesdays so he's staying with my mama Tuesdays. I don't wanna mess up his sleep schedule. Why the fuck you invite me here, then? You knew I'd want to see him. You're always on some bullshit, Tiff. I was trying to be nice to your ass. I should go to your mom's house right now so I can go see my son. You don't wanna do that. My mama don't like you. She only don't like me 'cause you're always talking shit about me. No, she don't like you because you spent the first year of EJ's life denying him. Now all of a sudden he's your son. I've done everything I'm supposed to do. You pay one month of child support. That don't make you daddy of the year. You ain't winning no parenting awards, either. Fuck you, nigga. No, I used to fuck you. Now I don't. That's why you mad. If I keep up my monthly payments, I was hoping the school would make an exception and let me participate in the After Taste. I'm just a young man trying to do the right thing. What I'm saying is, I just need somebody to believe in me. I get it. But this is a business, Brandon. If I let you slide, I have to let others. I appreciate you taking the time to see me. However our mission is not only to train the next generation of great chefs but to encourage people of strong character to pursue their dreams. I think we can count that payment as a good faith effort and consider the name Brandon Johnson to be in good standing. Thank you so much, Dean. Thank you so much. Wait. There are no more Brandon Johnsons, right? - I don't think so. - All right. - But I'll check. - All right, thank you. - Jason's chain. - Yeah. Was this outside the corner store? Mm-hmm. I took out the gun. Maximum range of an M-16 A1 assault rifle is 3,600 meters. Mom! You're hurting me. You can't put your hands on my child like that. I don't want my son to be scared of you. Hell, I don't wanna be scared of you. You love Jason. You love me. You say you're applying for all these city jobs. Your disability's here. Death in milliseconds. Hey! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 