Inside the Criminal Mind: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside the Criminal Mind 
 s1e3 - Death Cult Leaders - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside the Criminal Mind (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Death Cult Leaders - full transcript 
 They are some of the most terrifying and tragic events of the 20th century - tales ending in horrific scenes of massacre, murder, sexual abuse and mass suicide. These are catastrophes ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Horrible stories of hundreds of people trapped in a bizarre web of brainwashing and terror. Twisted tales ending in horrific scenes of massacre, murder, sexual abuse, and mass suicide. All caused by madmen and their maniacal teachings. These are the cult leaders and their all-powerful methods of mind control. A remarkable journey takes us face-to-face with pure evil, and venturing... Inside The Criminal Mind. These are the faces of cult leaders. Their names are forever etched in our consciousness. Charles Manson. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Jim Jones. David Koresh. Their deeds are some of the most sickening we have ever witnessed. These people killed four federal officials in the line of duty. They were heavily armed. They fired on federal officials yesterday, repeatedly, and they were never fired back on. It was dangerous, irrational, and probably insane. Cults can take many forms, including religious, political, doomsday, polygamist, or satanic. But there are four cults that exploded onto the international scene for tragic reasons. These cases clearly demonstrated how a faith group can go brutally wrong when a demented leader spins out of control. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 These are the catastrophes caused by psychopathic cult leaders and their maniacal teachings. Charles Manson and his Helter Skelter vision... responsible for the brutal slaying of seven innocent victims, including a woman who was eight months pregnant. Jim Jones and his Peoples Temple, whose infamous poison potion killed over 900 followers, a third of them children. David Koresh and the Branch Davidians; Responsible for horrible sexual abuse and the fiery death of more than 80 people, at least 20 of them children. Warren Jeffs, whose Fundamentalist Church of Latter Day Saints polygamy cult was rampant with unthinkable sexual abuse. Sadly, what draws attention to a cult leader and makes them well known is a tragedy. Terrible things that have happened. Mass suicides, murders, horrible abuse. {\an8}We talk about Jim Jones over and over again {\an8}because almost 1000 people died in November in 1978, in Jonestown. {\an8}Cult leaders come in all sizes and shapes and forms. One thing that they're able to do is find a need that people have, and are able to meet that need, and sometimes even create needs that the people didn't realize that they even had. These cults seem so strange to most of us, and they provoke so many questions about their origins and their teachings. Generally, the common denominator in every cult is there is a singular leader within that cult that has been able to convince those inside to give up everything. {\an8}There are three core characteristics that define destructive cults. One is an absolute authoritarian leader that becomes an object of worship. Whatever the leader says is right, is right. Number two, the group has a process of indoctrination in which people are broken down, changed, and then reset in a mindset as determined by the leader. Finally, three, if the group is destructive, it does harm. What do these cults typically look like? How do they appear to the outside world? When most of us think about a destructive cult, we think of a group hunkered down in a compound, ready to either commit acts of violence, or mixing the Kool-Aid with cyanide for mass suicide. Often the cult members seem like regular people, just like you and I. You know, people will often say to me, "These people that join cults, they must be crazy. There's something wrong with them. Something's missing." That's not my experience. My experience is, it could be anyone. But members are lured into the group at a time of weakness. Cult leaders, in my opinion, prey on people's vulnerabilities. The cult leader exudes confidence and happiness, and also can be very sympathetic and empathic with new members to the cult, or people who were considering joining the cult. Sometimes the group is recommended by a trusted friend, and the cult leader appears to be a wonderful person... at first. {\an8}The harsh reality inside a group can be sleep deprivation, dietary control, mind-numbing, mind-stilling practices and rituals where people basically shut down. There can be physical and sexual abuse inside of a group. There can be harsh corporal punishment of children. There can be weapons being stockpiled. So what we see on the outside can be what the group wants us to see, and on the inside can be people really suffering. People in a cult are afraid to leave the cult. They're afraid because they either could be hurt or killed, or something bad could happen to them, just a general anxiety and fear that they can't make it outside of the cult. Cult leaders have absolute power over all of the members of the group that they lead. One of the most notorious cult leaders of the 1960s was Charles Manson. He fashioned himself as a hippie outlaw who was fighting against the system. He fashioned himself that way to have a popular hook that would pull people in and attract them. And he was very glib, he was charismatic, he was a good speaker, and he would pull people in based on his kind of outlaw, {\an8}poet, artist kind of image. {\an8}And they would come under his influence with the understanding that no one was his equal, that he alone would be the leader, and that everyone would submit to his authority. Manson and his followers took up residence at Spahn Ranch, a secluded location formerly used as a movie set for old western movies. Manson created a kind of family. He was the patriarch. They would retreat to a place he called The Ranch out in the desert, where he would give them psychedelic drugs, and he would act as if he were taking the drugs, even though he wasn't. And he would manipulate their experience in order to control them, in order to embed ideas in their minds. Manson devised a twisted philosophy that he drilled into the minds of his followers. But eventually Charles Manson started becoming delusional, and he believed that the Beatles started to convey messages to him in their White Album. One of them was a song called "Helter Skelter." {\an8}And Manson believed that Helter Skelter referred to a race war between the African-Americans and the whites, and that the African-Americans were going to kill the whites. But he also believed that the African-Americans did not have the ability to govern the world. Only he had the ability to govern the world. He told his followers that they would be the catalyst for this event, and that it would begin by them murdering affluent people, {\an8}people who were wealthy, {\an8}and then blaming those crimes on African Americans, on minorities, on the poor, who were murdering these wealthy people. On August 8, 1969, Manson launched "Helter Skelter." He dispatched four of his "family" members to a home in the Hollywood Hills, where they brutally murdered five people... including actress Sharon Tate, who was the wife of film director Roman Polanski. She was eight months pregnant. As they left the crime scene, they scrawled slogans on the walls in blood. The next night, six Manson family members murdered supermarket executive. Leno LaBianca and his wife, Rosemary. Manson was not present at any of the crimes. A movie star, Sharon Tate, coffee heiress Abigail Folger, and three others. Two other people were stabbed to death at their Los Angeles home the following night. {\an8}The victims, by necessity, had to be white, {\an8}and preferably in the white establishment, but other than that, there was no particular reason. {\an8}Directly after the Sharon Tate murders, {\an8}before they knew who did it, the whole town of Hollywood was panic-stricken. They were getting guns. They were getting mace. They were getting bodyguards. All kinds of bodyguard companies sprang up. Every party we went to, there were guards at every door. The panic was on for one year. After Manson and his followers were apprehended, one of the cult members, Linda Kasabian, cooperated with the prosecution and testified against the other killers. Manson's reaction was bizarre. What were you thinking of when you saw Linda Kasabian yesterday? I was thinking of how pretty she looked. - Are you upset with Linda? - No, not at all. Do you think she will testify for the prosecution? That's up to Linda. But do you care? - Care? - Yeah, whether she does or not? That's up to her. She hasn't got anything to do with me. But don't you have any feelings about it? Feelings? All my feelings are good. - Sir, this is a chance for you... - The sun was out this morning. You notice it? When you watch film of the Manson trial and you see Linda Kasabian, or you see Patricia Krenwinkel, or Leslie Van Houten. They can be holding hands, they can be singing, they can be laughing, they can seem surreal in their calm demeanor, in their detachment from the grisly murders, and the fact that they're on trial for their lives. Ultimately, they would be sentenced to death, and only because the death penalty was erased for a period of time in California, would their sentences be changed to life imprisonment. So, you look at these people, and they're on trial for their life, and they seem detached from it. They don't seem to care. They don't seem to have a care in the world. And I would attribute that to the influence of Charles Manson. Susan, would you answer a couple of questions for us? What did you think of this morning's procedures? I didn't think anything about it. - What about Linda Kasabian, Susan? - I think she's awful pretty. - Do you want a press conference, too? - Do you fear for her testimony? I don't fear for anybody's testimony. Do you think Charles should have a news conference? I don't know. Would you like to have a news conference, Susan? Sure! What would you tell us? They're kind of dead emotionally, because Charles Manson has controlled their emotions, has controlled their thinking, {\an8}for... for a very long period of time, {\an8}before and, for a time, after the murders. After 194 days of testimony, only three are left in Los Angeles. The rest are either in jail or in hiding, taking care of the Manson children. The three girls who are left are Brenda McCann, Sandra Good, and Kitty Lutesinger. It's all a matter of time now. We know where we're going. - Where? - To the desert. Manson wasn't physically present for these murders. But he was convicted of murder because the prosecution proved, to the satisfaction of the jury, that he had so much control... over the minds and the actions of his followers that he had weaponized them... that they had become his weapons of choice. And that even though he didn't do the murders, he was ultimately responsible for the murders because of the undo influence that he held over each and every participant and follower that perpetrated those horrible crimes. In the 1960s and 70s, Reverend Jim Jones's ministry, The Peoples Temple of the Disciples of Christ, was a popular, vibrant, and respected church in Northern California. The Peoples Temple was a megachurch, and Jim Jones seemed to be a very charismatic and likable guy. They were helping drug addicts, they were an interracial church with all kinds of different people from different backgrounds, and the idea was that they were building a better future through all of their social action in San Francisco. Jim Jones's outer facade was love and understanding, but even when the church was in San Francisco, there was fear of being beaten. Jim Jones would beat children in front of the congregation. He would use electric shock as a form of discipline. {\an8}Jim Jones had the ability to be able to reach people on whatever level, and to address the needs and concerns of individuals at any given point in time. {\an8}So there were unreasonable fears about being outside of that protection, and there were fears, real fears, about the discipline and the consequences of going against Jim Jones. Jim Jones decided to move his operation to Guyana, in South America, to a paradise he called Jonestown. The people that followed him to Jonestown, they felt that they were going to a utopia, an experimental community where they would live out their ideals, that would be a wonderful place, a place of joy and fulfillment. They had no idea where they were really going, and what would really happen to them. {\an8}He just lied. {\an8}The pamphlets called Guyana "the last paradise," and it showed beautiful, tropic, lush places, and a wonderful place to raise your children. Once they got to the compound, they immediately knew they had made a terrible mistake, but he had already confiscated their passports. It was a compound designed for 300 people now housing 1,100. And they often went hungry. There simply wasn't enough food for them. But they're in Guyana, and they have no passports, they burned bridges with their families. Their choices were limited. It was not paradise. It was a concentration camp. It was hell. It was a plantation. And there was things going on that I knew were totally ungodly and inhumane. {\an8}Jim starts reading my letter, and soon as he started I was so scared because I couldn't say that's not what I meant. It was very explicit to say I didn't like it there, and I wanted to leave. And that meant that, all of the sudden, I was a traitor. {\an8}Jim Jones controlled his followers in a classic style that would be reiterated by destructive cult leaders over and over again. Ultimately, he would isolate them in the jungle, where the only communication they would have would be that which was filtered through him, controlled by him. There would be a loudspeaker system they would hear information through, but there would be no newspapers, no television, nothing except Jim Jones. Jim Jones could control the minds of his followers by controlling everything that went into their minds. On November 17, 1978, California Congressman Leo Ryan traveled to Jonestown to investigate the allegations of abuse. So, when Congressman Ryan came to Jonestown, it was with an understanding that he was coming, that he was a welcome guest, and Jim Jones tried to kind of stage everything so that. Congressman Ryan would get a positive impression. But, bit by bit, Ryan, who was a school teacher and a very intelligent man, began to see that something was wrong. And people were passing him notes, and people were asking to leave with him. And, ultimately, that would lead to a meltdown. Investigating allegations of abuse of church members, California Congressman Leo Ryan was ambushed and killed by members of the group. It was about 6:30 last evening at the Port Kaituma airstrip, the one nearest to the Peoples Temple community. Representative Ryan and members of his party were about to board their aircraft. He was gunned down. Leo J. Ryan was shot and killed by a Jim Jones security force. At that point, Jim Jones snapped, and decided that everyone in Jonestown must die. Jim Jones was the mind for all the people in Jonestown. So when he slipped over the edge, they all slipped over with him, because whatever thoughts they had in their mind, those were his thoughts. He had determined that this would be revolutionary suicide, that this would be a kind of fulfillment, and this would be a statement for social justice. And so, in their minds, they believed that what they were doing was the realization of that social justice, that purpose that he had been preaching to them about for years. Jones instructed everyone to commit suicide with a cyanide-laced punch. Jim Jones, who had the parents kill their children. They would put the Flavor Aid drink, the fruit punch, in a syringe that was laced with cyanide, and they would put it in their child's mouth, or someone would do it for them. And when these parents saw their children dead, they felt, "I have nothing to live for." That's what Jim Jones orchestrated, because he wanted everyone to die. {\an8}His paranoia just grew and became just a malignant tumor upon him. And he could have let those people live, but he wanted to make a point, and a statement. {\an8}In the coming minutes, members of Peoples Temple {\an8}gathered around the pavilion, and surrounded us where we were. And all eyes were on Jones, looking for visible cues, you know, some sort of leadership or guidance. {\an8}And then I heard Jim Jones say, {\an8}"Mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, mother." And then there was silence, and then I heard automatic rifle fire. There were those that tried to escape in the end, and he killed them. {\an8}There were people that were shot. {\an8}The children were all murdered. It was not simply a mass suicide. And many of them did not go easily. They were killed. They were murdered. They were massacred. My mother, my older sister, and my three baby brothers, my baby sister, my little nephew, {\an8}three cousins, and little niece. Reverend Jim Jones. He is not God. He's only a man. {\an8}And when many people placed him in a god-like role, he then believed it. That's the tragedy of Jonestown. {\an8}He had 917 chances to stop the annihilation, and yet he continued to witness people die one by one. By the end, not everyone wanted to drink the Flavor Aid. {\an8}People had to be convinced to take it by force, and some people were shot. Jim Jones, himself, chose to have his guards shoot him, because he did not want the death through cyanide that he had asked all of his followers to take upon themselves. The Branch Davidian religious group existed outside of Waco, Texas for many years. But in 1993, the cult exploded in a horrible tragedy... There's no question about that. He had those fires started. He chose those children to die. Under the authoritarian leadership of David Koresh. {\an8}In 1993, I was one of the four special agents in charge, that were detailed to Waco, Texas to handle the standoff with the Branch Davidians, and that was the first time I really became intimately aware of cults. The Branch Davidians were an offshoot of the Seventh Day Adventist Church. They were formed in 1934 by a fellow named Victor Houteff in California. Because of his coming up with a new interpretation of the Bible, and starting a new group, he was excommunicated from the Seventh Day Adventist Church, and he moved from California to Waco, Texas. In 1989, a follower named Vernon Howell took over the leadership of the group. Vernon Howell eventually changed his name to David Koresh. David Koresh stood for David of the Bible, and also King Cyrus. But Koresh was more interested in personal gain than providing spiritual leadership. {\an8}He was using his position to enrich himself, to get sexual favors from women in the group. But it escalated. The more power he got, the more power he wanted. And year after year, as I followed the group, it just kept getting worse. Koresh's memorization of the Bible enhanced his position as a divine leader. David Koresh's followers were in awe of his command of the Bible. I mean, he had virtually memorized whole sections of it. He could quote it chapter and verse. He had the ability to do what they called harmonizing the Scriptures, in that, taking the Scriptures from the New Testament, and the Old Testament, blending them together and coming up with his own interpretation. So what the people felt, that he was someone that had supernatural prophetic powers. And, ultimately, they would see him as a Messiah who had come to redeem the world. They were dedicated to this religion, and David became their prophet, and, ultimately, he had them say that he was, in fact, Jesus Christ. They took people and plied upon their weaknesses... actually got money from people, from followers. One follower, he got almost half a million dollars from them. They were willing to give up all of their worldly possessions. They were willing to follow his rules which control everything from what they said, from what they ate. Those who had wives that David found to be desirable, they gave up their own wives to him. He would tell married men, {\an8}"You need to segregate, and be separated from your wives." He would have sex with their wives. Their wives might even bear him a child. But they would not have sexual relations with their own husbands. When he started this cult, one of his prophecies was that, "Everybody's wife is now my wife," and all the men in the compound should remain celibate. "But I, David Koresh, am going to have sex with your wives." {\an8}Somewhere in his prophecies {\an8}he was told he was allowed to have 140 wives, and to procreate, with as many children as possible, to build the cult. To build a pure cult. They all admitted that David had had sexual relationships {\an8}with some of the children as young as 12. We had an instance of a young girl as young as ten. He had taken her to a motel, away from the property. The only person that could have sex in the Waco Davidian compound would be David Koresh. That could be a minor child, that could be a man's wife. He told children to call their parents "dogs." {\an8}And he told the children, "I am your only parent. {\an8}I am your mother, and I am your father." He called the compound the Ranch Apocalypse. He believed that the end times were getting ready to take place. The government, he portrayed as Satan, {\an8}as the adversary, the evil that will come against us. {\an8}So he believed that the end times philosophy of the last battle and the apocalypse was getting ready to unfold. And he was preparing his followers for that last battle, the battle for the apocalypse. The outside world knew little of Koresh's tyrannical rule, or the rampant sexual abuse. The initial reason that the Branch Davidians were brought to the attention of law enforcement was that there was a shipment of hand grenades, that a box opened, and the postal authorities called the ATF. So, David Koresh was stockpiling weapons, and the Davidian group had changed from a peaceful group to a group led by a man who had a violent vision for the future. They were preparing for the apocalypse, which David Koresh convinced, which this cult believed was going to happen. The evil armies were coming to get them, {\an8}and to them, I believe that's what the ATF and eventually the FBI represented. On Sunday, February 28, 1993, agents from the ATF decided to execute a search on the Branch Davidian compound, looking for illegal weapons. They used what we call a Trojan Horse technique. Rather than just rolling up with lights and sirens and knocking on the door, they could approach the compound in this horse trailer, because horse trailers are fairly common in that part of Waco, Texas. The Davidians, who were very well armed, found out that they were coming, and they were waiting for them. David Koresh and the Branch Davidians opened fire. An FBI SWAT team and hostage negotiators were immediately called to the scene. {\an8}When the FBI arrived in Waco, we found what looked like the remnants of a war. We had four dead ATF agents. We believe we had five dead Branch Davidians. Our approach from the very beginning was to try to resolve this peacefully. So we were trying to come up with what would appeal to the people inside, and the leader of the people inside, of course, was David Koresh. A standoff ensued as the FBI and ATF surrounded the compound, while Koresh and his followers dug in. Over the next few days, Koresh allowed a few of his cult members to leave. He was getting rid of those people that he, one, did not trust, those that were the weak and infirmed, or those that were not his own children. But the standoff continued for 51 grueling days. The FBI would send in supplies like milk for the children, but Koresh insisted the agents needed to go. He was demanding that we pick up and just leave. We still had four dead ATF agents, and we had 16 wounded ATF agents that occurred on that day, and they had the dead Branch Davidians. So we had a major crime scene where murders had taken place. It was not something from which we could just walk away. At some point, a decision was made that we would use a bit more force to get the Branch Davidians out. {\an8}It was decided on April 19th, at about 6:00 in the morning, we would call into the compound, basically asking the people, the Davidians, to surrender now, before we start inserting tear gas into the compound. But the act triggered the decision for David Koresh to retaliate. As soon as the tear gas was inserted, {\an8}immediately, thousands of rounds were fired at us. We never, during the entire time of the standoff, fired one single round at the Davidians, but they fired thousands of rounds at us. And in the end, {\an8}very much like Jim Jones, David Koresh decided... "If I cannot be ruler of the compound, if I cannot control my world, I don't want to be alive." And he decided to end his life, and all the lives of the people in the compound. Then, David Koresh made the fateful decision to set the entire compound on fire. The old wooden structures burned quickly, and turned the grounds into an inferno. He had been preaching that the assault was coming. Everyone was armed. Everyone was prepared for the assault. This was going to be the final battle with the forces of evil, which was the U.S. government. And this would culminate the end times, and the fulfilment of the Seven Seals. We later learned that many of the people inside had been shot to death, some had been beaten to death, some had been stabbed to death. In the end, approximately 75 people died as a result of the final standoff. Over 20 of those were children under the age of 15. David Koresh instructed his second in command, Steve Schneider, to shoot him in the head. Schneider then turned the gun on himself. {\an8}I don't know what David Koresh's strategy was. I've always been of the opinion that whether we tried to end this thing at day five, day 15, day 51, day 510, it would've ended about the same. I don't think David Koresh ever intended to come out. Controversy has surrounded the events of Waco, prompting investigations of how law enforcement handled the siege. I think what's come out with the civil trials over and over again is David Koresh chose this end. He chose to end everyone's lives in the compound. Because they're mine, and in my mind, they are my possession, and if they don't have me, it's like a solar system without a sun. He could've easily surrendered or complied with law enforcement when they showed up en masse on Sunday February 28th, and he chose not to. So, yeah, it was David Koresh's fault, nobody else's. People that died the day of the fire? David Koresh. Not the FBI. Not the ATF. Not the Texas Rangers. David Koresh. {\an8}The siege happened in 1993. He still has hundreds of followers who are still waiting for him to return today. There is a question about whether or not that's a factor of his charm, or a factor of their own issues. When Warren Jeffs became the leader of the FLDS Church in 2002, membership was estimated to be between six and ten thousand followers. The main colonies of the isolated church were in Colorado City, Arizona, or in Hilldale, Utah. Jeffs ruled the FLDS with total authoritarian control. In Colorado City, Arizona, or in Hilldale, Utah, the FLDS is in charge. The police are FLDS. The government is FLDS, and over everyone would be the prophet, Warren Jeffs, of the FLDS. The idea of disputing that authority, or thinking outside of that construct is just unthinkable for members of that community. That is their whole life. The isolation, control, and teachings of the FLDS created a strange life for the members, but there was also a dark, evil secret lurking in this community. Warren Jeffs used his position as leader, essentially, to hand out sex as a reward to his congregants, and to punish them by removing their wife and children from them. Either by sending the husband out to one of his outposts where they were isolated and supervised until they repented and pledged never to do it again, never to disobey Jeffs. He would determine who would marry, who would even be the generators of the group, sexually. That is, who would be allowed to have sex to produce children. What got him into trouble was not just his overarching control, and his use of sex as a weapon, but specifically his interest in underage girls. I don't think that was clearly understood for quite some time. He molested boys. He molested girls. He subjected them to rape. He would sexually abuse many of the children in the group. In that sense, he was basically a predator, a pedophile, preying on his own followers. There was an anonymous tip put through for one of his compounds, which was a complete hoax. But it brought the outside authorities in, where they saw lots of young girls carrying babies of their own. Eventually, there was more scrutiny of the activities of Jeffs and the FLDS. Warren Jeffs then created a compound, the Yearning for Zion Ranch, which, ironically, would be near Waco. And some of the people in El Dorado, Texas, would think about that. They would think, "What is this?" Is this like another Waco Davidian Compound?" But unlike David Koresh, Warren Jeffs controlled a lot of money... by some reports, more than 100 million dollars in property and assets. So, the Yearning for Zion Ranch became quite a construction project, with a lot of concrete, and buildings, and housing for what would be his handpicked population for that ranch, isolated in Texas. {\an8}Within Yearning for Zion Ranch, Warren Jeffs would do horrible things. There would be rituals and practices that were little more than rape and sexual abuse. When the compound was raided, Jeffs fled the Yearning for Zion Ranch. Warren Jeffs was arrested driving in a late model Cadillac Red Escalade, which is interesting because he forbid his followers to wear red. The color red was sinful. But when he was arrested, he was in a red Escalade with a lot of cash. In that car, he had an audiotape of his sexual instructions to his wives, where this religious leader encouraged them to participate together in orgies with him, and to have orgies when he's not around, and let him know how they are going. He also had one audiotape of a sexual encounter with his wives, including his new bride, who he had just married a few days after her 12th birthday. And on this tape, she can be heard sobbing. And he encourages her to look past the pain to her place in Heaven, which she is currently earning. {\an8}I can tell you that, as of this afternoon, {\an8}Child Protective Services has now taken temporary legal custody of 401 children. They would take hundreds of children out, but then they wouldn't know what to do with them. And eventually, the children would be returned to their families within the FLDS because the government was ordered to do so, and also because they had no one on the outside. Warren Jeffs continues to run the FLDS from prison, and he rules over it harshly. {\an8}He demanded that all of his followers give away all of their toys, bicycles. Everything they own that the children could enjoy as part of childhood should be given away. He's also announced that all the women and young girls in his compound, should now use the last name "Jeffs." They're now all to be considered his wife, and they are to wait for him for his release. And he stopped eating. At the moment, Warren Jeffs is on a medically induced coma because of the damage he was doing to himself through hunger strikes. So, what is the overarching psychology that drives these heinous cult leaders? Can experts pinpoint common characteristics lurking inside their twisted criminal minds? {\an8}Mental health professionals {\an8}have repeatedly described cult leaders as psychopaths. Margaret Singer, the noted psychologist, who was one of the top experts in cultic studies during the 20th century... I once asked her, "Is David Koresh a psychopath?" Her answer was, "Rick, they're all psychopaths." Cult leaders are people that are narcissistic, have little guilt or remorse about what they put their members through, and ultimately victimize the members of the cult. But the question remains... Are these despicable people considered sane or insane? {\an8}People tend to confuse abnormal moral values, {\an8}which certainly Manson had, with being insane. I don't think Manson was insane. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was insane the way Adolph Hitler was insane. It's almost part of the job description that a destructive cult leader will be a narcissist without a conscience, with little, if any, empathy. Some of the worst destructive cult leaders receive pleasure from the pain of others. They inflict suffering because the pain and suffering is like their oxygen. But don't you have any feelings about it? Feelings? All my feelings are good. - Sir, this is chance for you... - The sun was out this morning. You notice it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 