Inside the Criminal Mind: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Inside the Criminal Mind 
 s1e4 - Crime Lords - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Inside the Criminal Mind (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Crime Lords - full transcript 
 They are some of the most powerful business executives on the planet, described as, "part CEO, part terrorist and part rock star." Crime Lords control powerful organizations that generate ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Get down on the ground! They are some of the most powerful business executives on the planet, described as, "part CEO, part terrorist and part rock star." They control powerful organizations that generate unimaginable wealth. But their fortunes aren't spawned through clever corporate strategy. Their businesses are built on gambling, drugs, intimidation, fear and murder. Their tactics are heartless, their methods are cruel and their psychology is pure evil. Crime Lords. Next on Inside the Criminal Mind. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They are the most feared names in crime: Capone. Gotti. Escobar. El Chapo. The cunning and ruthless leaders of syndicates, cartels, mobs and crime families throughout the world. Most are scorned by their rivals, despised by law enforcement, but strangely, loved by their people in their communities. What is the complex and twisted psychology that drives these men to achieve enormous financial success, while not hesitating to murder with cold-blooded brutality? And how is it possible that they can also act with great generosity and kindness. The organized crime members are clearly different 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 than the normal people in society. They're able to lead essentially two lives: {\an8}One is that of the crime lord or the crime leader, and then also have a family, kids, successful. They may have business ventures as well. So they're able to essentially bifurcate, or separate, that aspect of their life, their criminal life, from the remainder of their life which may appear as normal as the neighbor down the block. Crime lords have been able to build and lead large, efficient organizations to carry out their illicit business enterprises. Gambling, drug smuggling, prostitution, racketeering and extortion are their stock-in-trade. They consistently outmaneuver and outgun their enemies for years and even decades. John Gotti came to prominence in 1986 when he gained control of the legendary Gambino Mafia Family. The organization was earning over $500 million a year and Gotti himself was taking home more than $10 million annually. Pablo Escobar, the Colombian drug kingpin was called the Godfather of Cocaine in the early 1990s, and is considered the wealthiest criminal in history. His Medellin Cartel earned him a net worth of about $30 billion. Russian mafia kingpin, Semion Mogilevich, is nicknamed the "Brainy Don" for his skillful business acumen. The FBI describes him as "the most dangerous mobster in the world." He's known for weapons trafficking, extortion, prostitution and money laundering on an international scale... and also, cold-blooded confidence in his alibis. These are just words, they don't have documents proving that, and the people saying it understand nothing. I'd say they are making a mountain out of a molehill. Where does the gratification of being a crime lord come from? Is their motive simple insatiable greed? Or is it more about power? Or maybe respect? Their drive to rise may be linked to their narcissism. {\an8}I think that's one of the important common characteristics, {\an8}that sense of narcissism, that sense of entitlement, {\an8}and being able to motivate people around them to follow their lead and to listen to every word that they have as if it's a command without questioning it. According to psychologists, narcissism comes in three forms: Healthy, pathological, and aggressive. Most people possess a certain amount of healthy narcissism, but crime lords exhibit the other, more dangerous types. Pathological generally means that you tend to behaviorally devalue other people around you, not just in thought, but in actual behavior. I call it the lemon theory of relationships. You squeeze all the lemon juice out of someone and you throw away the rind and you just go get another lemon. It could be a sense of that you view yourself as superior, better than other people, that you're entitled to special treatment. And then you have the aggressive form which is not just behaviorally devaluing people, but engaging in aggressive behavior against that individual. Either verbal or physical aggression... humiliating them, embarrassing them to an extensive degree. And that's what you tend to see in psychopathic individuals. And many of them are anti-establishment. {\an8}They just believe that the rules don't apply to them, {\an8}and they get some type of visceral thrill from flaunting it, from being able to get away with stealing, or get away with murder. That's something that drives them. What is the root of their determination to become crime lords? Some theories, based on social structures, maintain that crime evolves from conditions of poverty. These are known as "anomie" or "strain" theories. The "strain" of dealing with terrible living conditions leads people to resort to crime to improve their lives. There's no one psychological theory. {\an8}One could be that they were exposed to this kind of behavior growing up. {\an8}So, I mean, they come from a family that engaged in similar behavior, {\an8}so they learned that behavior from being exposed to it. They could also be financially driven where they come from lower means, socioeconomic means, and that they see that this is a pathway to surpass or to make something of their life. I think criminologists and sociologists have studied this for decades if not centuries, whether or not there's a genetic predisposition to criminal activity or criminality, or whether or not you're just a product of your environment. I think it's more related to the circumstances in which you find yourself. If you grow up in a neighborhood where the Bloods, or the Crips, or the Gambino organized crime family has a hold of it, sometimes it's hard. Especially when maybe you come from a single-family household or your educational level's not where it should be, and you see yourself as not having opportunities. Every single one of us wants to be part of something bigger than ourselves. Unfortunately for those in those types of neighborhoods, they don't see the other opportunities available to them, and they reach out to the first thing that they can become a part of. {\an8}It can also be from, again, some psychopathic kind of propensity {\an8}that this is the best way to inflict whatever kind of damage or harm they want to do with individuals. So it could be a variety of different reasons, either learned, economic or that they, again, maybe some psychopathic, sociopathic tendencies that the person is looking to engage in. Al Capone was born in Brooklyn, New York, to poor Italian immigrant parents. Life in the Italian ghetto led him to join the Five Points Gang. He was expelled from school at 14 for hitting a female teacher in the face. He soon became a bouncer in brothels run by organized crime. Al Capone is going back to a different era. You have to remember that prohibition, which was the United States making it illegal for anybody to transport, sell, or purchase alcohol from 1920 to 1933, was basically a boon for the organized crime syndicates, because people in this country wanted alcohol. And so even though it was against the law, the organized crime folks moved in and said, "Hey, we can make some money doing this." Back in those days, if you were a rum runner, or you were selling alcohol on the black market, people appreciated you were actually providing a service. They looked at alcohol as a harmless vice, and, basically, someone like Al Capone became a hero, in a sense, because he was able to provide that service for them. John Gotti also grew up poor, in the slums of Bronx, New York. His father worked as a day laborer, but often gambled away his salary. John grew to resent his father for not being able to provide for his family. By the time he was twelve he got involved with the Italian Mafia street gangs. Pablo Escobar was the son of a peasant farmer, and his mother a was a school teacher. When he was just two years old, his family moved to a violent suburb in the city of Medellin, Colombia. As a young teenager, Pablo was expelled from school, and soon gravitated to petty crime and car theft. His devious criminal mind was evident early on. He'd steal gravestones, grind off the inscriptions, and resell the headstones. I believe in many of the instances {\an8}of folks being drawn into organized crime, they generally start out in poverty. I think that was the instance with Pablo Escobar. And cocaine, especially the cocaine trade back in the '70s and the '80s, was a viable option because it was such a lucrative business. As wealthy as crime lords become, they often seem to remain mindful of the plight of people living in poverty. They often shower gifts on the people of their old neighborhoods. To speak of a couple, John Gotti was one like that. He was revered by some in his Howard Beach neighborhood. The same thing with El Chapo in Mexico, people in the Sinaloa or Durango regions, where he was basically operating his drug cartel out of, because he gave money away and did a lot of nice things for the community. Al Capone started one of the first soup kitchens to help feed families during the Great Depression. In Pablo Escobar's hometown in Colombia, the drug lord is still considered a folk hero. He is known as El Patron, "the boss," because he would often bring two or three trucks to the poor barrios distributing food to people who didn't have any. You're certainly gonna have people that are fed up with crime in their neighborhood or in their region, but you're also gonna find people that find an affinity for these folks. {\an8}As Pablo Escobar did during the early 1990s and late 1980s in Colombia, by building schools, or building gymnasiums, or financing housing and giving money away to the poor people. They're viewed as modern day Robin Hoods. They view it as the man fighting back against the establishment. Despite any charitable acts, at the core, these men were all cold-blooded killers. And the question is: Were they ever really concerned about anything but their own evil empires? The syndicates run by crime lords are not set up in a haphazard fashion. Like most successful businesses, they are carefully organized ventures. There's essentially three different categories of organized crime. There's transnational, national, and local. An example of transnational would be Russian organized crime, where they are directing things from Russia, but they have compatriots here in the United States to conduct the illegal activity. National organized crime, and there's a whole host of different gangs and criminal organizations that do that here. And then the third is local gangs, like, basically local violent street gangs. They organize themselves to commit crimes because it's more effective. There's always the strength in numbers. So turf gets established and carved out, which is very important. The Mafia was really good at doing that, {\an8}at basically assembling a council, or a commission, {\an8}of the bosses of the major crime families so that there would be no overlap. As these gangs grow larger and expand their reach, they grow more organized. At that point, to continue to succeed, they need strong leaders, setting the stage for a crime lord. I think, for many of the mob bosses, Pablo Escobar and Chapo in Mexico, and John Gotti, for instance... I think many of them recognize that the first thing that you have to establish to head an organization like an organized crime unit would be fear. You need to make sure that your competitors or potential competitors fear you, and you need to make sure that the people that work for you fear you so that they're not stealing from you or cooperating with authorities. And I think that's something that those figures were very good at. First instilling fear, and then establishing respect through fear. The syndicates are created with a strict hierarchy, similar to a military operation, which allows them to operate smoothly. You have a boss, you have an underboss. In the Mafia you have what's called a consigliere, which is an Italian term for counselor, or advisor to the boss. And then it's generally broken down by what they call lieutenants, or captains, or people that have a crew, you know, five, eight, ten people that answer to them. And, again, in the Mafia those are called soldiers. Some of the most legendary crime lords gained infamy as kingpins in the American Mafia, also known as the Cosa Nostra, meaning "This thing of ours." If you were gonna talk about the origins of the Mafia, which basically started in Sicily, which is where my family is from... In Sicily, which was an island that basically had been subject to foreign invaders until the mid-19th century, Mafioso were honorable people. {\an8}They were basically partisans, people that kind of looked after the villagers {\an8}that were beleaguered or being taken advantage of by the foreign invaders. So, in the Sicilian Mafia, from back in the mid-19th century, ended up becoming a bad factor and something that, basically, was a burden to the villagers and to the people in Sicily. When they began to immigrate to the United States, back at the turn of the 20th century, they brought that criminal activity, and that cancer, if you will, to the United States. Throughout the 20th century, the Mafia grew and evolved into a multimillion-dollar criminal enterprise. There's generally established five modern day mafia crime families in New York. The Gambino Family, which was the largest and most powerful for much of this century, the Genovese, the Bonannos, the Luccheses, and the Colombos. The Gambino Family was established in the early 1900's, but the crime family name was established during the 1960s and 70s when the "Godfather" was Carlo Gambino. The Gambino Family, the first boss for the family is generally considered to be Albert Anastasia. And Albert Anastasia was the head of Murder, Inc. Back in the heyday, in the '20s, and '30s, and '40s in New York City. He was executed, actually assassinated, in 1957 in a gangland slaying while he was getting a hot shave here in Manhattan. In 1976 Paul "Big Paulie" Castellano, took control and ruled the family until he was assassinated in December of 1985. That was engineered by John Gotti, who, at the time, was a caporegime and was unsatisfied with his status and stature in that, in the Gambino Crime Family {\an8}and decided to take matters into his own hands, {\an8}which was against the rules on the books for the Mafia. No boss could be slain unless it was greenlighted by the other four reigning members of the commission. There are always factions within organized crime syndicates. There's always folks moving and jockeying for power. There's always gonna be people that are disgruntled, thinking they're not getting enough of the acclaim or enough money. So, the Gambinos are not unlike any other organized crime syndicate, or unit, in that there were constantly factions jockeying for position. Gotti seized control of the family, despite not following the well-defined rules of the organization. Different criminal syndicates operate under different creeds, or manifestos. In the instance of the Mafia, it's all predicated on an Italian word called Omerta, which is a fealty to silence, or not speaking about La Cosa Nostra. In the instance of the Latin Kings or some of the modern day street gangs, there's a manifesto and code that is, you know, governs how individuals operate, and what the punishment is for not following the code of the particular organization that you're part of. Silence is sacred in most criminal organizations. And that's probably another motive for the crime lords' frequent "generosity" to their communities and public officials. Often times the kingpins, or the crime lords, will put money or reinvest in the community that they operate their illegal activities out of. And this is a way of basically buying silence, or buying fealty to them. In Mexico there's a saying, "Plata o plomo," which is Spanish for "I'm either gonna pay you in silver, to get you not to say anything, or you're gonna end up being filled with lead." Plata o plomo. And that's, generally speaking, applies to the Mafia as well as any of the neighborhood street gangs as well. The list of rackets the Gambino family controlled was long and profitable. Gambling, loansharking, extortion, money laundering, fraud, prostitution, car hijacking, and theft. But the crime lords tried to keep a low profile until John Gotti took control. He was known as "The Dapper Don". {\an8}One of the things that set John Gotti apart from most of the modern day mobsters was his propensity for flashiness. I mean, he liked eating dinner out in public. He liked wearing $2000 suits and handmade shoes and flashy ties and pocket squares. He liked being the modern-day cartoon caricature of a Mafioso, and that rubbed a lot of the old-time establishment the wrong way. Today it's said that the most powerful mafia in the world is not in New York City or Sicily. It's in Russia. Semion Mogilevich is "the boss of bosses" of the Russian syndicate, and for decades he's been able to maintain his appearance as a reputable businessman. {\an8}He's a sophisticated racketeer {\an8}who uses a cover of an international businessman to basically convince people, you've got nothing to hide by dealing with me. This is all a mistake, and just take a look at my bank accounts and the people that I run with and you'll see that this is all... an error on the part of the authorities. But in fact, Mogilevich is as ruthless as any crime lord. While some use machine guns or knives, Mogilevich's signature weapon is the car bomb. He's dangerous because he'll get anybody who gets in his way. That is the philosophy that you've got to understand, is that while people will smile, people will paint themselves as legitimate businessmen, anyone who gets in their way becomes a target. Of course, drugs became a lucrative staple of the crime lords. In the 1970s, a cruel new mob boss came to power in Colombia, South America. Pablo Escobar, the infamous Colombian crime lord, took his inspiration from American mafia dons and earned the title, "The Godfather of Cocaine." Like his mobster idols, Escobar was a cold-blooded killer... but at the same time, a dedicated family man. In his hometown, the drug trafficker is still a folk hero to this day. But Pablo Escobar was an ultra-violent narcoterrorist who eventually organized one of the largest criminal organizations the world has ever known. It's been said that Escobar was to cocaine what Henry Ford was to the automobile. By his late teens, he became a killer for hire. His ability to kill with a complete lack of empathy served him well. {\an8}Pablo Escobar was known for his violence, because it sent a message. And he did things that were brazen, he did them during daylight hours. He did them where children were involved, there was the collateral damage of children being hurt. He did it in going after politicians, and law enforcement, and members of the military. He did it to send a message that if you dared take on his organization there were gonna be repercussions. Escobar was introduced to the drug trade by driving coca paste from the Andean Mountains to the cocaine labs of Medellin. Like the American bootleggers of prohibition days, he enjoyed the thrill of driving fast and staying one step ahead of the law. By the time he was 26, he transitioned from drug runner to international smuggler. He started using small airplanes to transport cocaine into the United States and millions of dollars started rolling in. When you're in a country where there is so much poverty, it abounds, and folks that are in the military, or in law enforcement don't get paid a lot of money, I mean, you can pay them quite a bit from your illegal proceeds, it compels, or impels loyalty, and that's what he did. He figured out ways to pay people off all along his routes, as well as in law enforcement and the politicians that were making the laws and, basically, protecting him for so many years. Before Escobar was 30 years old he bought Hacienda Napoles, a sprawling 1000-acre compound worth $63 million. His estate was beyond extravagant. He even had a private zoo on his land, and his prized possession was a car that once belonged to one of his idols, Al Capone. By the late 1970s, Escobar's planes were smuggling over 400 kilos of coke on every trip, each flight netting more $10 million. I think Pablo Escobar kind of encapsulated two of the characteristics for a successful crime lord. Pablo was very good at that... paying off politicians, paying off law enforcement, paying off border security. The second is an unquenchable thirst for violence. So, if you did anything within the organization to cross him, you ended up dead, which sent a message to folks, acolytes of his, not to cross him, and secondly to his competitors. It was another thing where that violence, that propensity for violence, that unapologetic, just abject enjoyment of violence for violence's sake, set him apart for most of the other criminal enterprise leaders who kind of didn't want the attention and the media fanfare that those murders brought about. Despite Escobar's unyielding violence, competition soon sprung up, with the Ochoa brothers and José Rodríguez Gacha. These were all ultra-violent men. But the competitors realized the best plan wasn't to fight it out. They shrewdly decided to join forces, and the legendary Medellin Cartel was born. Before long, the cartel was running five flights a week into the United States. Profits for Escobar were exceeding $1 million a day. Violence continued to be part of the Cartel's trademark. If a father needed to be killed, the entire family was murdered. Pablo Escobar behaved like the crime lords before him... a loving husband, devoted father, and cold-blooded killer. In the 1980s, another drug kingpin exploded onto the scene in Mexico. His name was Joaquín Guzmán, but he was known as "El Chapo," meaning "shorty." Guzmán was short in stature, but long on business acumen and evil intentions. Like other crime lords, Guzmán was born into a poor family. His father was officially a cattle rancher in Sinaloa, Mexico. But some sources say he was also a gomero, an opium poppy farmer. El Chapo was regularly beaten as a child, dropping out of school in the 3rd grade to work with his abusive father. By his late teens, El Chapo was kicked out of his house. He became involved with marijuana farming... and then worked with the Guadalajara Cartel smuggling drugs into the United States. An ambitious worker, El Chapo dealt with late deliveries by simply shooting the tardy drug runner in the head. By the early 80s, he was trafficking huge shipments from Colombia, through Mexico and into the U.S. During the 1980s and the 1990s, essentially when the Colombians controlled the cocaine trade, they needed a facilitation to get their product into the United States. And one of those ways was to travel up through Central America, into Mexico, and then figure out a way, by using Mexican crime lords and opportunists, to get the product across the 2000 mile border that the United States shares with Mexico. And that's kinda where Chapo Guzmán got his start, because he helped facilitate that back in the day when the Colombians ruled the cocaine trade. In the early 1990s, El Chapo built the thriving Sinaloa drug Cartel. Incredibly, he was arrested in 1993 and sentenced to 20 years. But while in prison, he bribed the guards for special treatment, took a mistress, and continued to seamlessly run the Sinaloa Cartel. In 2001, he made a daring escape from prison and lived comfortably on the run for years. {\an8}When he was on the run, because he lived in such a remote region {\an8}in the Sinaloa territory in Mexico, he was able to have a huge compound, where it was protected by armed guards and he could bring women in and he could have meetings there and he was basically safe because much of the local police were corrupt there. And so they, essentially, provided cover and protection for him. By 2003, El Chapo was considered the most powerful drug trafficker in the world. In America, John Gotti's empire continued to expand, as he added narcotics to his repertoire of crimes. Get down on the ground! The La Cosa Nostra folks, that did not view his activities and his antics as consistent with the way that they conducted business was, you didn't want to attract attention. In fact, it wasn't until 1963, when Joseph Valachi testified in front of Congress about the existence of the Mafia, that most people in the United States really believed that it existed. It really was a mythical, almost mythological, enterprise until Valachi testified to it in 1963. While crime lords like Escobar and El Chapo spent much of their time sequestered in their heavily-guarded, remote compounds, John Gotti enjoyed an outgoing, public persona, basically thumbing his nose at law enforcement. John Gotti had a social club called The Ravenite, on Mulberry Street, right around the corner from 26 Federal Plaza, where the FBI is housed in Lower Manhattan. And on certain nights, one night a week in particular, he would have all his captains come down and meet him, and pay him tribute, not just by showing up, but also by bringing him that week's illegal proceeds that the captain or the boss of the crime family was entitled to. Gotti would offer coffee to law enforcement officers assigned to follow him, and he often chatted openly with the media. But John Gotti's cocky confidence would eventually lead to his downfall. Unlike other crime lords, Russian mobster Semion Mogilevich came from a well-to-do family, earning a degree in economics from Lviv University. This financial knowledge served him well. In 1994, he gained control of Inkombank, one of the largest private banks in Russia. This acquisition gave him direct access to the world's banking system, and he created a multibillion-dollar, international money-laundering network. In 1998, a Hungarian gangster named Tamas Boros tried to implicate Mogilevich in a confession to police. People I know have been up to his office on many occasions, but I've never taken part in any of the meetings. I knew they brought away with them a million dollars. $100... $200... $700,000... sums like these. He is an older guy from Kiev. I have only seen him once. He's a big fat man with a big belly. As far as I know, he is the main link outward. Soon after this confession. Boros was in his car when his mobile phone rang. When he answered, the car, rigged with nine pounds of TNT, exploded in his face, killing him, his lawyer and two innocent bystanders. Mogilevich denied any involvement. Look, I didn't know the man. It wasn't my line of business. Boros and his friends were selling oil products in Hungary. Despite the drugs and violence, Pablo Escobar never felt like he was doing anything wrong. He thought of his activities like the Kennedy family selling alcohol during Prohibition. Along the way, "El Patron" continued to distribute food to the poor barrios, and he even built 200 homes for the poor. Remarkably, in 1982, he was so popular that he ran for public office and was elected to Colombia's parliament. The business acumen and savvy that many of these mobsters has, it's interesting to see because you look at it and say, "Gosh, if they'd just gone to work in a different pursuit," in a legitimate pursuit, they probably would have been very effective "at that job and very successful." But they didn't. They chose a different course for their life. By 1989 it was estimated that the Medellin Cartel controlled 80% of the world's cocaine market. To help protect the operation, Escobar paid rewards to his hitmen for every policeman they murdered. Eventually, Colombia's government, rival cartels, and even the United States Seal Teams and Delta Force put an end to Escobar's reign. Police tirelessly searched for Pablo for 16 months. On December 2, 1993, Pablo Escobar made a phone call from a fixed location. The police were able to identify the location and decided to storm the house. Shots were exchanged between the officers, Pablo, and one of his bodyguards, and Pablo jumped out a window and onto the roof. In the end, Pablo Escobar was killed. In New York, John Gotti maintained his grip on the Gambino crime family. Law enforcement continually tried to convict Gotti of numerous crimes, but skillful jury tampering, intimidation and bribery always led to his acquittal. The elusive Gotti earned the nickname the Teflon Don. That was a name, I believe, that the press kind of slapped on him after he had a number of cases, a federal case, and a number of state cases {\an8}that, basically, he was either acquitted in or ended up in a hung jury. But his arrogance and public activities finally prompted his demise. As with many of the crime bosses, I think, throughout history, one of their fatal flaws is hubris. I think, as it applied to John Gotti, he truly believed the press clippings. He never ever thought that the United States government could bring charges against him and that he would be convicted in a court of law and that ultimately ended up being his downfall. On April 2, 1992, John Gotti was found guilty and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. I think most successful people have to have an ego. I think, in John Gotti's sense, that ego turned to hubris, where he thought he was 10 feet tall and bulletproof and could never be convicted of a crime. Gotti died of throat cancer in prison in 2002 at the age of 61. El Chapo continued to elude police for over a dozen years, usually with the help of generous bribes to government officials. He remained the boss of the Sinaloa Cartel, amassing a vast fortune, while leaving a trail of violence and murder. Guzmán was captured and escaped several more times. Once, he managed to disappear down a mile-long tunnel through a hole in his cell's shower, out of sight of the guards... before he was apprehended and extradited to the United States for trial in January 2017. After decades of leadership, Semion Mogilevich remains the head of the Russian mafia. He moves freely around Moscow in his bomb-proof limousine, seemingly immune to capture or prosecution. It's been said he has a knack for never being in the wrong place at the wrong time. {\an8}In 2009, Mogilevich was named to the FBI's Ten Most Wanted list. However, in December 2015, he was dropped from the list, as it was determined his close relationship with the Russian government makes him virtually untouchable. So what is the psychology that made these crime lords so successful and so brutal? They're driven, they're Type-A personalities, generally speaking. They're good leaders, and we often use the term leader to think of good people with consciences and good citizens, but leaders can also be evil and in this instance, these are people that are good leaders that are just conducting illegal activities. But it's more than determination and leadership. In their profession, there also seems to be an insatiable appetite for violence. {\an8}I think what separates the upper echelon, {\an8}or the leaders of an organized crime syndicate, or enterprise, from the members, is basically naked ambition. They're much more ambitious, and I think being ruthless also plays into that as well, and you have to be prepared to mete out mob justice. And with this taste for violence, there also seems to be lack of empathy that goes hand-in-hand with the diagnosis of psychopath. Cutting-edge brain research now reveals that psychopathic behavior may be more than the result of abusive childhoods. The brain imaging scan results have indicated {\an8}that there are some brain differences between individuals who were psychopathic {\an8}and non-psychopathic. {\an8}They're not definitive, but we are seeing some differences in terms of prefrontal cortex functioning and brain functioning in terms of stimulus field, meaning, you and I, if we hear really terrible words like murder, rape and profanities, our brains kind of light up. Their brains seem to not respond. Even the psychologists feel the unique, frightening presence of these psychopathic criminals. I think that all of them probably have certain personality disorders or traits that are similar. Meaning, anti-social behavior, it tends to move towards violence, lack of conscience, and lack of personal responsibility, and to be a crime lord, I think, at the street level, to be effective, you have to have a propensity for violence. You can't just threaten violence, you have to be prepared to execute violence. Whatever the cause of their behavior, there's little doubt that crime lords possess a depraved and frightening criminal mind. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 