Maude: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Maude 
 s1e10 - Maude's Dilemma: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Maude (1972–1978): Season 1, Episode 10 - Maude's Dilemma: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Maude discovers that her husband doesn't want the baby but thought she does. The episode concludes with their decision that, given their ages, they should not become parents of a newborn, and that Maude will choose abortion. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [DONNY HATHAWAY'S "AND THEN THERE'S MAUDE" PLAYS] ♪ Lady Godiva Was a freedom rider ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ She didn't care ♪ ♪ If the whole world looked ♪ ♪ Joan of Arc with the Lord To guide her ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ She was a sister Who really cooked ♪ ♪ Isadora was the first Bra burner ♪ ♪ Ain't you glad She showed up? ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ And when the country Was fallin' apart ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Betsy Ross Got it all sewed up ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's... ♪ ♪ That uncompromisin' Enterprisin' ♪ ♪ Anything but tranquilizin' ♪ ♪ Right on, Maude! ♪ NARRATOR: Welcome to part two of "Maude's Dilemma." Morning, Carol. Morning, Florida. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Where's your mother? She hasn't come down yet. I think she's still in shock. So am I. I just can't believe your mother is pregnant. Neither can my mother. Tell you what. If a stork ever flew over my chimney again, my husband'll fly right out the door. Hello, Junior. Goodbye, Senior. Oh, boy. Good morning, Mother. Carol. Morning, Mother. Watch it, Florida. Look who's telling who to watch it. Did you have a bad night? Flesh-crawling. Honey, I dreamt I gave birth to the most beautiful baby with an 8-foot stainless steel umbilical cord. They couldn't cut it. I woke up dragging Walter halfway across the bed by his pajama strings. Well, you don't look very well. Oh, honey, I have the world's worst cold. I have a case of morning sickness that makes me feel like I'll live maybe, tops, 11 minutes. What a fate. Nine months of having you tell me I don't look well. Eight months, mother. You're already four weeks pregnant. Oh, look, Mother, you're not gonna go through with this. I keep forgetting, is black coffee good or bad for a woman in my condition? Well, it keeps you awake. Bad. That's what got me in my condition. Mother, you don't have to have the baby. Look, I've told you before, there's no reason to feel guilty, and there's certainly no reason to be afraid. You're like talking to a stone wall. A pregnant stone wall. Oh, Carol, honey. Honey, I really have been listening to you, and I've done a great deal of soul-searching. Believe me. You're going to have the baby? That's right, Carol. Mother, please, you can't. Look, you told me yourself, Dr. Tarpin said for you to have a baby at your age could be very risky. Now, honey, you know Dr. Tarpin. He's an old fuddy-duddy. Look, Lucille Granger had a baby just last year, and she was 49. Yes, and she looks 59. And feels 71. Now, the point I'm trying to make, honey, is that I am going to have this baby because Walter wants it. Walter wants it? He told you that? Well, he didn't come right out and say it, but he was up half the night tossing and turning. Honey, I'm sure Walter wants the baby. How do you know he wasn't tossing and turning because he doesn't want the baby? Honey, I know the man. Look, when you were married, didn't you know what was on your husband's mind? If I'd known what was on his mind, I would have divorced him six months sooner. Well, anyway, I know Walter like a book. So you're having a child at your age just to please him? Well, it's only fair. I mean, look what he did to please me. Mrs. Findlay, can I get into your bathroom now? Not unless you want to jump in the tub with Mr. Findlay. After what you're going through? No thanks. I'll just finish up in the kitchen. Look, Mother, there's something you're not talking about. How do you feel about having a baby? Well, to tell you the truth, honey... I just don't know. I mean, part of me really wants to have the baby. And part of me... I don't know. Anyway, I know Walter will be very pleased if we have the baby. He's never been a father before. I've never heard him complain about it. You know you could be reading him wrong. Not a chance, honey. I know Walter. Sweetheart, do you realize that he is almost 50 years old? This is his bid for immortality. He'll have a son to carry on his name. Suppose he gets a daughter. Well, the way things are going today, a daughter could carry on his name too. Mother, if you are so sure that Walter wants a baby, I don't see why you can't just come right out and ask him. Honey, there's no need to. Look, if he didn't want the baby, he would tell me. But if he did want the baby, which he does, he wouldn't even mention it because he wouldn't want to influence me. Look, Mrs. Findley, if he ain't out of that tub yet, he is gonna look like a prune. Oh, by the way, what's the latest word on the baby? Well, everybody else has voiced an opinion. How about you, Florida? Well, my opinion is this: I don't do windows, and I don't do babies. [LAUGHS] Mother, I don't think you realize how difficult it's gonna be for a woman your age to have a baby. Oh, honey, listen no matter how difficult it is, it can't be as difficult as it was when I was carrying you. Now, that's right, Carol. Because when I was pregnant with you, we were very, very poor. You know what it's like to be pregnant and poor? Boy, I remember I used to have to go to a laundromat twice a week. Ooh, I hated that place. It was loaded with perverts. They loved to sit in front of the machines and watch the nylon panties go round and round. As a matter of fact, I went into labor in that same laundromat, somewhere between rinse and spin dry. And the next thing I knew, I was in a hospital where a nurse handed me a brown paper bag and told me to deposit my undergarments. Oh, Carol, she stood there while I slowly died of embarrassment. You see, I had run out of underwear, and I was wearing your father's boxer shorts. [BOTH LAUGH] I was right. He looks like a prune. Mother, that was a heart-rending story. But I would still rather see you having a baby when you're poor and young than when you're 47. What a lousy break. Most women your age have already been through menopause. Yeah, I know, sweetheart. But you know me, I just haven't had the time. However, tomorrow morning I'll put it on my calendar. "Things to do: Change life." The prune is finished! Him Tarzan, me Jane. [DOORBELL RINGS] That must be Lorraine Cochran. She's picking Phillip up. She's got the carpool today. Hi, Lorraine. Hi, Maude. Phillip will be down in a minute. Okay. I'll be right back, kids. Play nice, now. Hi, kids. Lorraine, honey, you know, you are really an amazing person. I mean, four small children, and you're in your early 40s. [LAUGHS] It's nothing, really. Listen, Maude, do you mind if I visit your powder room? And keep an eye on the kids for me, will you? Sure. [PHONE RINGING] Hello? Am I what? Am I watching television? Oh, wait a minute, what is this, one of those rating services? [HORN HONKING] Yeah, yeah, would you just hold on for just a minute? Yeah, don't go away, please. Jimmy! Jimmy, stop honking the horn. Jimmy, stop honking the horn. Look, I'm gonna count to three, and then I'm gonna come out there and rip your little heart out. [HONKING STOPS] That's a good boy. My foot. Hello? Yeah, you know, this is the first time that one of your services has ever called me? Yeah, well, of course I'm watching television. Yeah, the name of the program is The End of the World. [DOG BARKING] Jimmy! Jimmy, will you let go of that dog's tail? Jimmy! Doggie, sic Jimmy. Kill, kill. Jimmy, if you want to pull something, pull your sister's hair. [GIRL SCREAMS] GIRL: Ow! Stop it! That's better. Have a good time. All right. Mother, what are you screaming about? What's going on? The Cochran kids with some kind of a plot to drive me mad. Well, it looks like they succeeded. Oh, Maude, I almost forgot. Congratulations! I understand you're preggie. Preggie? Preggie. Oh, yes, Carol, you see? On top of everything else, I'm preggie. [LAUGHS] I'll let you in on a little secret. I am too. You're kidding? Oh, of course you can't tell. I mean, I'm not showing yet. Actually we had planned at stopping at four. Four's a nice family, Lorraine. Why didn't you? I couldn't do that. I mean, each to his own, but I couldn't. I... I don't think it's right for me to make that kind of a decision. Besides, what's one more kid? Oh, listen, by the way, Maude, are you nursing? Uh, no, I was just having coffee. I'll lend you my copy of The Art of Breast-Feeding. You'll love it. The Art of Breast-Feeding. Do you realize, Carol, now it's an art? Like French cooking. Mother, look at you, you're shaking like a leaf. You were with the kids five minutes. They weren't even in the... Please! I'm late for golf. I only got time for coffee. Oh, Walter, I'm crushed. I was planning on preparing you an eight-course breakfast. Now's your chance. Ask him. Uh... Walter, I have a question for you. What is it? Walter... Look, I have to know what you want. I want it black. Walter, I'm talking about the baby. You know, a woman has a right to know how her husband feels. I think you know how I feel, Maude. I want whatever you want. And I want what you want, Walter. Then it's settled. Because I trust you to know what I want. Anyway, you won't have to make this decision again. Wait a minute, Walter. Walter, what's that supposed to mean? I spoke to Arthur, and he spoke to Dr. Mingo, and he arranged for me to get a vasectomy after golf. A vasectomy after golf? It sounds like a new play by Noel Coward. Well, anyway, honey, you heard it for yourself. Walter is dying to have that baby. Mother, I didn't hear him say that. All I heard him say was that he trusts you to know what he wants. And I do, Carol. Listen, there is not a doubt in my mind, honey, not a doubt, because on top of everything else, last night in his sleep he said, "Maude, I want to have this baby." Well, why didn't you tell me that before? Because it's not true. Look, Carol, I just want to get you off my back! Now, listen, I am going to go ahead and have this baby because Walter wants it. So you might as well start getting used to it. Yes, and maybe even be a little happy about it, as I am. Oh, Carol, we're going to have a little toddler in the house. And if he's strong and healthy, maybe by the time he's six months old, he'll be smart enough to bust out of his playpen and run away from home. Well, no, I don't think so, Arthur. The way Maude was tossing and turning last night, I just know she wants to have that baby. Did it occur to you she might have been tossing and turning because she doesn't want to have the baby? No, but you don't understand Maude. If she didn't want to have the baby, she'd have no problem in telling me. Instead she tosses and turns and says nothing at all, which has to mean she wants the baby. What about you? Me? I think it's terrific. I'll get a chance to read Goodnight Moon. You ever read that, Arthur? "Good night, little mouse. Good night, little house. "Good night, shoes. Good night, socks." I prefer the, uh... Frankly, I prefer The Little Choo-Choo That Could, you know? "I think I can, I think I can, I think I can. "I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could. Woo-woo!" Thank you. [LAUGHS] Just between you and me, Walter, I don't know why Maude wants to have a baby at all. At her age, you know, there are certain risks. Well, don't underestimate the maternal instinct, Arthur. Besides, she may also be fighting the idea of abortion on moral grounds. You don't want to interfere. I think I interfered enough already. "Good night, nose. Good night, toes. Good night, eyes." I hate to interrupt you, old buddy, but you don't have very much time before you have to go under the knife. Arthur? Hm? The operation, what's it like? What, vasectomy? Oh, it's a very simple procedure, Walter. It's done right in the doctor's office. Snip, snip, snip, and it's over. Burt, double. Now, easy, Walter. You're responding to some kind of a primitive fear. It's irrational. You should know better. I do know better, but that doesn't help. Not when you were brainwashed as a child. I still line the seats in public johns. [LAUGHS] My mother spent half her life telling me what I could get if I didn't. I guess we had the same mothers, Walter. You wanna know what I do in public restrooms? What? Get ready. I flush with my foot. We all have the same mothers, Arthur, all of us. Tell me something. What happens... after? After the snip-snip? After the snip-snip. Nothing, except you can't make babies, that's all. And that's it? That's it. I don't change into a soprano, do I? Come on, Walter, it has nothing to do with virility. Absolutely nothing. Listen, you want to hear it right from the horse's mouth? Harry Lawrence is over there. He had a vasectomy. Harry. Hey, Arthur, please don't embarrass me. Don't worry, I'll be discreet. Hey, Arthur, good to see you. Do you know Walter Findlay? No, I don't believe I've had the pleasure. Hi. Well, how's the dress business? Sensational. That's great. How do you like your vasectomy? Discreet, Arthur. Very discreet. Walter here is planning to have one too. Oh, well, good deal. Tell him about it. You'll really love it, Walter. Takes the worry out of being close. That was a little joke. You're happy you had it done then? Happy isn't the word for it. Best thing I ever did. And everything's fine? Fine? Everything's better. Better? Sure. Helps my wife too. She's like a kid again. The only trouble is, she forgets I'm not. One more question. Do you flush with your foot? Good to see you again, Arthur. Good luck, Walter. Well, he didn't have the same mother we did, Arthur. No, I guess not. Well, the important thing is, he was psychologically prepared for vasectomy. See, some guys are and some guys aren't. Now, you're an ideal candidate for vasectomy: easygoing, devil-may-care. You're just what the doctor ordered. I gotta make a couple of calls on the way home. And you better be getting yourself over to Doc Mingo. Oh, yeah, sure. As soon as I finish this drink. Well, lots of luck, old buddy. And remember, V for vasectomy. "V for vasectomy." Oh, hello, Dr. Mingo's office? This is Walter Findley. Yeah, well, I wanna cancel my 5:00 appointment. Well, yeah, I'll call back. I'll call back next... year. Hurry, darling. You must be exhausted. No, really, Walter, playing 18 holes of golf, then having a vasectomy and then working in the store till 9:00, I mean, it's too much. Maude. Maude. I have a confession to make. Yes, Walter. I shouldn't have gone to the store today. All I sold was a pop-up toaster. Wh-wh-what are you doing? Honey, I'm helping you get into bed. Maude, I'm not an invalid. Come on. Oh, now, come on. Why are we going to bed so early? It's not even 10:00 yet. Sweetheart, you don't have to go to sleep. I just want you to get into bed and rest. Come on. You can read. I bought you a new book today. The Art of Breast-Feeding? No, honey, the other one, on politics. I don't feel like reading. Sweetheart, did the doctor prescribe anything? I mean, ice packs or heating pad, aspirin, novelties? Nothing. Uh... he just told me to stay off my feet, you know. Listen, honey, would you like a pickle? No, thanks. They probably go better with pregnancies than vasectomies. Maude, I'd like to tell you about today. Honey, I want to take your mind off today. Now, of course, I know what I usually do to take your mind off things, but what can we do now? I know what. How about a game of gin rummy? Okay, gin rummy. Terrific idea. Gosh, Maude, it's been months since we played gin. I know. Walter... I've decided to have the baby. I knew it. I told Arthur that would be your decision. I'm glad you're happy about it. You'll love being a father. Of course, Maude. Gin. What do you mean, gin? You picked up one card, and you gin? Name of the game, Maude. Listen, honey, I was wondering. Uh, now that you've had your vasectomy... Well, if anything happened to me... Maude... No, no, no, no, no. Let me finish. Sweetheart, if anything happened to me, and you wanted to get married again, and you wanted to be a father again, but you couldn't... I mean, have you thought about that, Walter? I never wanted to become a father before. Why should I want to become one later on? I don't understand you, Walter. I'm happy to become a father because you want to have a baby not because I want to become a father. Gin. Walter, what are trying to do? You pick up two cards, and you gin. Now, wait a second, Maude. Were you having the baby because you thought I wanted it? Well, you do, don't you? Sweetheart... would it disappoint you too much to learn that becoming a father was never one of my life's ambitions. I-I don't know why. For years I used to feel guilty about it. For years people told me I was nuts or selfish. How could I not love kids? Well, I do love kids, but they don't have to be mine. That's probably the worst confession I'll ever make. Do you hate me? Of course not, darling. I love you. I love you, and I love my life. Gin. I take it all back! What are you trying to do to me? I don't even have time to sort my cards, and you're ginning out on me. Forget the cards, Maude. We have something much more important to talk about. What, you finally decided you do want a pickle? Maude... I want you to have whatever it is you want. Does that include the baby? Well, it did when... When I thought you wanted it. Oh, Maude. I think it would be wrong to have a child at our age. Oh, so do I, Walter. Oh, Walter, so do I. We'd make awful parents. Oh, impatient, irascible. Awful. It's just not our time of life. For other people it might be fine, but for us? I don't think it would be fair to anybody. Oh, Walter, hold me closer. Are you frightened, Maude? About the operation, I mean. Oh, don't be ridiculous, darling. Why should I be frightened? Were you frightened of the vasectomy? I said, "Were you frightened about the vasectomy?" I didn't have it. [CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY] You see, I was psychologically unprepared. You can ask Arthur. Arthur's a doctor, he told me that... Honey, it's all right, it's all right. Just tell me, Walter, that... I'm doing the right thing not having the baby. For you, Maude, for me, in the privacy of our own lives, you're doing the right thing. I love you, Walter Findlay. [♪♪♪] ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ANNOUNCER: Maude was recorded on tape before a live audience. ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's... ♪ ♪ Right on, Maude! ♪ ♪ Right on, Maude! ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 