Maude: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Maude 
 s1e5 - Maude and the Radical - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Maude (1972–1978): Season 1, Episode 5 - Maude and the Radical - full transcript 
 Maude throws a party and invites black militants and rich white liberals. She does not tell anyone it is a fund raiser party. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [DONNY HATHAWAY'S "AND THEN THERE'S MAUDE" PLAYS] ♪ Lady Godiva Was a freedom rider ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ She didn't care ♪ ♪ If the whole world looked ♪ ♪ Joan of Arc with the Lord To guide her ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ She was a sister Who really cooked ♪ ♪ Isadora was the first Bra burner ♪ ♪ Ain't you glad She showed up? ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ And when the country Was fallin' apart ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Betsy Ross Got it all sewed up ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's... ♪ ♪ That uncompromisin' Enterprisin' ♪ ♪ Anything but tranquilizin' Right on, Maude! ♪ FLORIDA: Will you please move? You're in the way. Don't you have anything to do out there? WALTER: Come on. FLORIDA: Stop that and get out of my kitchen, Mr. Findlay. All right. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How can I get ready for a party with you messin' with my hot hors d'oeuvres. You practically killed off the meatballs single-handed. Oh, come on, Florida, it was one meatball hangin' over the platter, and I scooped it up just before it fell. Yeah? You come back into my kitchen once more, and I'm gonna chop off your scooper. I'm beginning to know what they mean by black power. How's your mother bearing up, Carol? Are you kidding? You know Mother when she's giving a party. She worries herself sick over every little detail. Yeah, I'll bet tonight she's gonna be as nervous as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rockers. That doesn't sound like you, Walter. It wasn't. I heard it on Hee Haw. You know, Carol, I'm worried about your mother. This is the most important party she's ever thrown. I know. That's why she's taking so long to get ready. Every time I go upstairs, she's putting her eyelashes on again. Well, I finally got my lashes on. On my nose. Where is the cleaner with my dress? He's had it for over a week. I'll kill him. Take it easy, Maude. It's only 7:30. Nobody's due until 8. Don't you think I know that? Look, Walter, I have 30 people coming tonight. Now, please, get off my back. Well, I'm sorry, dear, but there's no reason for you to be tense. Tense? Tense? Me tense? I have taken two Miltown, the greatest tranquilizer known to man, and you tell me I'm tense? Mm-hm. Carol, get the food already. Yes, Mother. Has the bartender come yet? Mother, Mother, relax. Everything's taken care of. [GROANS] The bartender will be here any minute. Oh, thank you, dear. [TEARFULLY] And thank you for leaving work early to help out. I need you both. And I know I can count on you. Because I the world's sweetest husband. And the world's dearest daugh... What the hell's with the floral arrangement? I turn my back for 30 seconds, the place is a shambles. Carol, put that over there. Walter, bring that down there. What happened to the "dearest husband" and "sweetest daughter" you were blessed with? Oh, I don't know. Easy come, easy go. Look, I know I'm a little bit hysterical tonight, but I've never given a party like this. Do you realize who's coming tonight? The important people. The Fergusons. The Kennys, the Armstrongs... Mother, Mother, you don't have to worry. They couldn't care less about the party. That's not where it's at. I'm giving a party for one of the most important black militant leaders in the country. And you're telling me where it's at? Did I tell you the Fergusons are bringing the Kennys, and the Kennys once gave a telethon. Five thousand dollars just to talk on the phone with Julius La Rosa. Oh, I'm as nervous as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rockers. Don't look at me. I heard it on The Dean Martin Show. Miss Findlay, about this outfit. I am not a French maid, and I ain't never gonna look like no French maid. On me, this thing ain't no apron. It's a... It's a doily. Florida Evans, what the hell are you doing here tonight? I told you, you are not supposed to be here. Mother. I... Really, sometimes I question your... Your social sensitivity. All three of you. For heaven's sake. Do you really want Jim Chambers to think that he is in a typical middle-class home, where we use black people to do the work that white people won't do? But he will be in a typical middle-class home where we use black people to do the work that white people won't do. God'll get you for that, Walter. Mother, will you listen to me? Now, the agency called while you were upstairs putting your eyelashes on your nose. The woman that they were sending to serve tonight got ptomaine poisoning at a party she served last night. So I asked Florida to stay. Carol, don't you realize that the black servant is the symbol of everything that black militants like Jim Chambers detest in our society? It's the Aunt Jemima image all over again. You're callin' me Aunt Jemima? [EXAGGERATED ACCENT] Lordy, Lordy. You want me to shuffle off to the kitchen and mix you up another batch of flapjacks? A black god'll get you for that, Florida. [LAUGHING] [NORMAL VOICE] It won't be the first time. Look, Mrs. Findlay, I work for a living, my husband is a fireman, and together we're bringing up three beautiful black kids. Now, if there's anything Aunt Jemima in that, I'll eat it. Florida, I'll pay you not to work tonight. I can't risk offending him by having a black serving. I'm trying to raise at least $15,000 for his various activities. Woman, if you could raise $15,000 for Jim Chambers, he ain't gonna care if the Harlem Globetrotters is servin'. Well, anyway, it's a good excuse to get out of this uniform. Sometimes I think black on black is worse than white on white. Oh, by the way, Maude, your invitation should have said that this was a fundraising party. Walter, people do not go to fundraising parties. Uh, they're tired of them. How can you raise $15,000 on a lie? Because, Walter, this isn't just any lie. This is a really big one. [KNOCK ON DOOR, DOOR OPENS] Maudie, Maudie, Maudie. Have no fear. Your favorite next-door neighbor is here. Look, Arthur, do not start with me. I am already two miles past hysteria and rapidly approaching berserk. I know that, Maudie. Walter told me you needed something to calm you down, so I brought you a tranquilizer. Valium. But I just took two Miltown. And she's still as nervous as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rockers. Figured it was my turn, that's all. It's a good joke, though. I heard it on Sonny and Cher. Well... we'll save the Valium till later, Maudie. The Miltown will hold you. I hope so, Arthur. Arthur, do you realize the guest list coming tonight? Yes, I heard. The Armstrongs, the Hilliards, the Jeffersons, the Julius La Rosas. You're a little mixed up there, Arthur. Never mind, Walter. He's been mixed up since birth. That's my reward for bringing you a tranquilizer, huh? An insult. No. That's for all the things you're thinking about my having a black militant guest in this house. Oh, well, in that case, I think you can afford to insult me a little more, because Mr. Jim Chambers happens to be the worst... Look, look, Arthur I'm already hysterical... Arthur! Arthur! Maude! Sit! Now, Arthur, Maude's in trouble enough with this party. I don't want her upset anymore than she is. Understand? And as for you, Maude, the first guest hasn't even arrived and already you're a total wreck. You've got to leave a little falling apart for later. Thank you, Walter. And before your next attempt at peacemaking, may I remind you who controls both sides of our electric blanket. [PAGER BEEPING] Oh, oh, oh, there goes the old bleeper. I better go home and call my service, but I'll be back for the party. Take your time, Arthur. Take your time. If you don't get back at all, we'll understand. I know that, Maudie. That's why I'm coming back, if it kills me. On those terms, I'll accept. [TELEPHONE RINGING] I really don't know why you had to invite him tonight, Walter. I need him like a bad case of shingles. Hello? No, this is not Mr. Findlay. This is Mrs. Findlay. Yeah, Mr. Findlay has a mustache. Who? Mr. Jacks...? Oh, I'm... I'm terribly sorry. No, I... I... I d... I didn't recognize your voice. Oh, but that's impossible. N... No, you simply have to come. Yes? Y-yes, I... I do understand. Yes, thank you for calling. Chaos! That's what this evening is turning into, complete chaos! What happened? That was Marcelus Jackson on the phone. He and his wife can't come. So it's a big party. What's two guests, more or less? Because these aren't your average guests. They're black, aren't they, Mother? Yes. So they're black, and they can't come. What's tragic? You act like they're supposed to bring the ice. Walter, how can I have a party with a black guest of honor and not one single black guest? Maybe you should have invited two black couples, Maude. That's right, Maude. You should always have a backup black. Please, if you really do exist, get him soon. Where am I going to find a black guest at this hour? Try the yellow pages. Aren't they just for Orientals? Hurry, hurry! Wait a minute, wait a minute, Walter, I know there was a black man at our table at the Astins' the other night, right? There was. The waiter. Listen, Mother, a token black guest is not gonna mean that much to Jim Chambers. Thank you for the advice, Carol. Look, I know there was a black couple at one of the parties we attended recently. He was a... He was a college professor or something. Was it at Marsha Higgins'? Marsha Higgins? No, I don't think so. Her bag is American Indians. Wait a minute, it was at the party the week before at the Franklins'. Yes. I can see them before me right now. Yes. Short, fat, black, and boring. Walter. Maude, don't tell me because a couple is black, they can't be boring. I didn't say that. Look, Walter, just call Sam Franklin on the phone, invite them over, and tell them to bring that charming black couple. Your boring one. You want me to do that? Walter, I have a thousand details on my mind. Can't you do one simple thing for me? I'd rather do the other 999. You do the simple one. You live with a family. You give them your life. You ask practically nothing in return. What do you get? Where did I go wrong? What did I do to deserve it? That's what I want to know. Somebody, somewh... Hello, Diane? Yeah, this is Maude Findlay. Yeah, uh, Walter and I are giving a little last-minute get-together tonight. We wondered if you and Sam could come. You can? Oh, wonderful. [QUIETLY] They can come. Um, by the way, Diane, you remember that, uh, charming black couple that we met at your house a couple of weeks ago? Yeah. Do you suppose you could bring them along with you? Why, Diane, now, how can you suggest such a thing? No, I am not calling at the last minute because I want you to bring the black couple. No, I mean, if all I wanted was the black couple, I'd simply call the black couple. Diane, what a terrible thing to say. What'd she say? She said to call the black couple. Face it, Maude, you're not gonna find a black in time for tonight's party. I am not going to give up so easily, Walter. There has to be at least one black guest at this party. Miss Findlay. I'm leaving now. [INDISTINCT CHATTER] Ooh, everybody! Everybody! Everybody, guess who's on the phone. One of Jim Chambers' aides. [GUESTS MURMURING] What? W-wait, wait. They're getting off at Route 202 at Sunnydale. Yeah. Yeah, yeah... They'll be here in exactly 12 minutes. Oh, wonderful. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Say hello to the party. Yeah, say hello. GUESTS: Hello! Yes, they say hello to you. Fine. Bye-bye, Jim Chambers' aide. Yes. Oh, Maude, what a nice gathering. Well, thank you, dear. You know, you do things so nicely. Thank you. Really, I just don't know how you manage it. Well, what can I tell you, Mrs. Jenkins? Entertaining comes second nature to me. Arthur, I've got to have a tranquilizer. Give me the Valium. But, Maudie, you had Miltown less than two hours ago. I know, and it calmed me down a lot. I am calm, am I not, Arthur? You're breaking my watch. Uh, pardon me. Uh, could you tell me where the bathroom is? Why certainly. I live here. This is my home. Of course I can tell you where the bathroom is. Arthur, the Valium. Maybe I better give you 5 milligrams. Maude. Walter, what happened? Did the meatballs burn? The salad went limp? No. Now all the food went limp? No, really, Maude, I just wanted to tell you what a great party it is. Look, Walter, do me a favor. If you don't have anything bad to say, keep quiet. I really don't think that I need this tranquilizer. Do you, Arthur? Mother? How do you think the party's going, Carol? Oh, it's a wonderful party. Everybody's having a ball. A lot you know. What was in that pill you just took? Oh, Arthur just gave me a tranquilizer to calm me down. [MANIACALLY] As if I needed it. Give me the drink. No, no! No, you've had Miltown and Valium. You can't have a drink too. [DOORBELL RINGS] Did you hear a ding-dong? Yes. Take my glass. You know who that is? No. It's the Fergusons. They're bringing the Kennys. They're the ones who gave $5000 to talk to Julius La Rosa. Excuse me, excuse me. Please, excuse me. Excuse me, please. Well, Mr. And Mrs. Ferguson. And you dear people must be the William Kennys. Uh, Walter? Walter? Walter? Uh, Walter, you've met the Fergusons, of course. These charming people, Walter, are the William Kennys. Loaded. WOMAN: Maude, Maude. [QUIETLY] Tampax? Oh, of course, dear. In the upstairs bathroom, below the sink, in the cabinet to the right side. Isn't it always the way, though? You wait and wait and wait, and then it happens right in the middle of a party. MAN: Pardon me. You're the man who was looking for the bathroom. Yes, and I still haven't found... So nice seeing you again. You have another guest coming down the stairs. Oh? Listen to this. Why, Mrs. Dubonay, there you are. I was wondering where you disappeared to. Everybody, everybody, I'd like you to meet my very dear friend, Mrs. Florida Dubonay, a guest. [MOUTHS] Thank you. Florida, dear, I'd like you to meet Mr. Ferguson, who was kind enough to bring with him tonight Mr. William Kenny. Ooh, the loaded ones. She's... She's such a kidder. [SLAP] Arthur. Yeah. Maude just drank a tumbler of Scotch. With all the pills in her, what could happen? With Maude, anything, Walter, anything. Fellow liberals, fellow liberals, and Arthur. May I have your attention, please? First, I want to tell you that black militant, Jim Chambers, will be here in less than five minutes. [GUESTS APPLAUDING] [APPLAUSE STOPS] Second, I do want to tell you how very honored my dear husband, Walter, and I are to have you all in our home tonight. Especially Mr. and Mrs. William Kenny. And third, from Rodgers and Hammerstein's immortal South Pacific, my version of "Some Enchanted Evening." ♪ Some enchanted evening ♪ ♪ You will see a stranger... ♪ Thank you, darling. If Mrs. Findlay should have another announcement for you, I'll let you know. What I'll do is I'll probably shout: "Announcement! Announcement!" Thank you for your attention. Walter, you deliberately interrupted my speech to the ensemble. What speech? You were beginning to sing "Some Enchanted Evening." Listen, Walter, I'm getting very worried about Florida. She's acting strange. Is that so? She thinks she's not Mrs. Dubonay. Walter, help her. I will as soon as I can get away. And one more thing, Walter. I love you. Now leave me the hell alone. Mrs. Findlay, you know, it's way past 12 minutes. Where is this Chambers fellow? [GUESTS CLAMORING] MAN: Where is he? Ladies and gentlemen, please, quiet, quiet, folks. Uh, he'll be here in less than four minutes. Uh, while we're waiting, uh, tell me, how many of you have read his brand-new book, uh, Give Us Colorado? I read it, Maudie. You don't count, Arthur. Oh, you say I don't count. That's because you don't want everyone to know that Jim Chambers has gone mad. In his book, Give Us Colorado, he wants the United States to give the entire state of Colorado to the blacks. [GUESTS MURMURING] Colorado? Well, isn't that where Aspen is? That's right. Well, to hell with him. Blacks don't ski. Course not. Quiet, quiet. Everybody, everybody, listen. If you would really like to know about Mr. Chambers and the entire black experience from an expert, allow me to present my very dear friend and a true black herself, Mrs. Florida Dubonay. Now, let her prove it to the guests. Florida, dear, before Mr. Chambers comes, perhaps you would share with us some of your vast black experience. What do you mean, share the black experience? I am the black experience. We know, Florida, but don't you agree that there are some blacks who really don't know who they are? Maybe so, but when they find out, it won't be at a white cocktail party. You know, Maude, it seems to me that I've seen this Mrs. Dubonay somewhere before. Maybe you ought to tell everybody who she really is. GUESTS: Yeah! Come on, Arthur, just calm down and stop making waves. You want to know? You really want to know? GUESTS: Yes. "Who is Mrs. Dubonay?" you ask. I have a better question, Arthur Harmon. Who is you? Who is any of us? ♪ Who is Sylvia? ♪ Announcement! Announcement! My wife is now going to tell you who Mrs. Dubonay really is. Maude? Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs. Dubonay is a visitor from a far-off land. She is a proud native of a newly emerging black nation. Yeah. Harlem. And while we're on Harlem, I'd like to get back to Mr. Jim Chambers. Now, I saw him on the Cavett Show, you see, and he's one kind of guy, amiable, quiet, content. But you read his book, Give Us Colorado, and the man's a savage. Yes, as a writer, but in a living room, he's charming, particularly at a fundraising party for him. Fundraising party? Did she say "fundraising party"? There is nothing in my invitation that says anything about fundraising. And there was a very good reason for that, Mr. Ferguson. If I had mentioned fundraising, none of you would have come. Well, I'm tired of being invited to parties and then getting my pockets picked. Oh, come on, Kenny, with a personality like yours, why else would you be invited? [GUESTS GASPING, CHATTERING] CAROL: Mother. Trudy, I think it's time for us to leave. And don't forget your purse. Wait, wait, everybody. No, listen. Friends, friends. People, listen, uh, Jim Chambers will be here in one minute. Why don't we all count down together? Come on, 59, 58, 57... You're not counting. Fifty-six, 55, fifty... This is all your fault, Arthur. Hm, my fault? Well, that's gratitude. Good night, Walter. Good night, Maude. I never want you back in this house again! You ruined my party! Three things ruined your party, Maudie. Your deceit, your lies and your singing. I hope your stethoscope gets stuck up your ears! I found it. Walter, where's Carol? She drove Florida home. Well, it's just the two of us. What are we gonna do, Walter? Announcement, announcement, Maude. There's just one of us. I'm goin' to bed. What do you mean, you're going to bed? He's gonna be here any minute. [DOORBELL RINGING] Walter, he's here! Walter, come back here! He's out...! Wal...! Walter, he's at the...! Walter! [GLASS BREAKS] Mr. Chambers. Welcome to an evening with Maude. Good morning. Hi, honey. How'd it go last night? Very well. I didn't even need you. Oh? Oh, we had a long talk about his... His lifestyle, his philosophy. And even though I didn't agree with everything, it was really fascinating. So as far as I'm concerned, the evening was a complete success. And it was a complete success for Jim Chambers too. It was? He raised a thousand dollars. [♪♪♪] ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ANNOUNCER: Maude was recorded on tape before a live audience. ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's... ♪ ♪ Right on, Maude! ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 