Maude: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Maude 
 s1e9 - Maude's Dilemma: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Maude (1972–1978): Season 1, Episode 9 - Maude's Dilemma: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Maude must make a difficult decision when she finds out she's pregnant at 47. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [DONNY HATHAWAY'S "AND THEN THERE'S MAUDE" PLAYS] ♪ Lady Godiva Was a freedom rider ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ She didn't care ♪ ♪ If the whole world looked ♪ ♪ Joan of Arc with the Lord To guide her ♪ ♪ Woo-hoo-hoo ♪ ♪ She was a sister Who really cooked ♪ ♪ Isadora was the first Bra burner ♪ ♪ Ain't you glad She showed up? ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ And when the country Was fallin' apart ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Betsy Ross Got it all sewed up ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then There's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's... ♪ ♪ That uncompromisin' Enterprisin' ♪ ♪ Anything but tranquilizin' Right on, Maude! ♪ Phillip must be feeling better, Florida. He ate two helpings of ice cream and he kept them down. Did I get any mail? Yeah, on the desk. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's none of my business, but how come most of your letters have "Ms." in front of your name? That's the result of women's lib. You know, all men are called "Mister," so we can't tell if they're married or single. But with women, we're either "Miss" or "Mrs." So you know if they're married or single or not. Anyway, to make things equal, we have this new designation in front of our names: "Ms." Pronounced "miz." But honey, that ain't new, we been sayin' that for years. Ms. Carol. Well, you do understand the "Ms." Don't you, Florida? Oh, sure. Right now, you're divorced, and you're liberated, and you're mighty proud of that "Ms." in front of your name. But you're also looking for a husband. And something tells me, as soon as you find him, you're gonna go screaming down the street, "I'm a 'Mrs.' I'm a 'Mrs.'" [DOOR BELL RINGS] Hi, Carol. Hi, Viv. Hi, Florida. Hi. I guess I'm a little early for the game, huh? No, Mother's late. Where is she? Beats me. Last time she was this late, she was trying to talk herself out of a speeding ticket. How'd she make out? Not too bad. Paid $50 for the speeding, and $50 for the talking. VIVIAN: Hi, Maude. CAROL: Hello, Mother. Mother, it's after 8:00. Carol, I'm proud of you. Only 27 years old, and already you tell time. We were worried about you, that's all. Where have you been? Where have I been? I was out skating with Peggy Fleming. Mother, what are you talking about? Carol, "Life is Just a Bowl of Cherries." Do you know who wrote that song? A deranged fruit peddler. Hey, how about me? Don't I even get a hello? Hello, Vivian. Now leave me alone. What do you mean? What is wrong with you? What? What are you carrying on about? Will you two stop hounding me? If there was something wrong, don't you think you'd see it in my behavior? Now, please, until you have something to go on, let me alone! [GROANING] Oh, all right, Mother, if that's the way you want it. I've gotta check on Phillip. He's got a touch of the flu. Oh, and Walter called. His plane gets in at 8:30, and he'll take a cab home from the airport. Walter. Walter. [GROANS] Maude, you've got to stop hitting yourself. Oh, I can't, Vivian. The pain takes my mind off... Off what? Wouldn't you like to know? Oh, well, look, why don't I just get the hell out of here then? Vivian, you leave me alone at a time like this, and I'll rip your heart out. Then tell me what's the matter. Am I your best friend or not? Now, what is it? Vivian, Vivian. Vivian, how long have we known each other? Twenty-two years, Maude. Twenty-two years. We've been through an awful lot together. A lot. Six husbands. Your two, my four. For 22 years, Vivian, we've been... We've been everything to each other. There wasn't a confidence that we couldn't share. We've... We've been like sisters, Vivian. Like sisters, Maude. Then can I trust you to keep a secret? What is it? Don't look at me, Viv. Vivian... I'm pregnant. You're kidding. Aren't you? You're pullin' my leg, Maude. Maude? Maude, please pull my leg. Vivian, at age 62, I'll be the mother of an Eagle Scout. I don't believe it. No, they made a mistake. Laboratories make mistakes. There's no mistake, Vivian. The rabbit died. Laughing, no doubt. But, Maude, you're a grandmother. With an 8-year-old grandson. Vivian, do you know what that means? Do you know what that means? That means that I live in a house where an uncle is about to inherit his nephew's potty seat. [SOBBING] Oh, Vivian, Vivian. I was just coming into the prime of my life. I mean, Carol is bound to get married again. I was even thinking about having the sofa recovered and getting new carpeting. I was even toying with the idea of having my eyes done. Now it's back to Dr. Spock and spit-up and... ugh. Poor Phillip, he's throwing up again. I might as well go up and practice with him. What? Vivian, you tell her. Oh, no, not me. Mother, what's wrong? Now, you've got to share this with me. Honey, I'd give anything to share this with you. Vivian, please. Please. All right, Carol, come here, honey. Let me try to tell you something. Yeah, Carol, you remember when you were just a little girl, maybe, oh, five or six years old, and you used to come to me and you'd say, [CHILDISHLY] "Auntie Vivian, you know my mommy too. "You tell her for me. I want a little brother or sister." Do you remember that? [GRUNTS] Well, honey, your mother has finally decided to grant your wish. You're kidding? You're putting me on? You've gotta be putting me on. Mother, tell me it's not true. All right, it's not true. Now, just promise me you won't get jealous and hit the baby! B-but how did it happen? Mother, Mother, you're 47 years old, Walter's 49. This is no time to be having a baby. No time for who to be having a baby? Miss Carol... Oh, not me, Florida. Miss Cavender? Oh, not me, Florida. Oh, my achin' back. Mother, what are you doing? Well, I'm... I'm just figuring how many yards of tubing it'll take from the exhaust pipe to the rear window on a '69 Corvair. Look, there's only one sensible way out of this. You don't have to have the baby. Oh, what will I do? Trade it in for a volleyball on Let's Make a Deal? Well, I'm leaving. Maude... if you're sorry, I'm sorry. Thanks, Florida, I appreciate it. Good night. Good night. BOTH: Good night, Florida. Good night. Listen, Mother, give me this. You don't have to think that way anymore. It's legal now. You know, she's right. It's legal in New York state. You better give that a thought. I have given it a thought. Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I just don't know. Oh, Mother, I'm so sorry. Oh, save it, Carol. She'll need it more, later. Say, in about six months when she looks like a water buffalo in one of those little flowered tents. Thanks, Vivian, I really needed that. Maude... you haven't told Walter yet, have you? You think he'll be pleased? Well, let me put it this way, Vivian. You know how pleased I am. Walter will be twice as pleased. Here comes Arthur. Arthur? Oh, I forgot we're playing bridge tonight. Carol, Vivian, please sit down. Shh, qu... Not a word, not a word. If Arthur Harmon found out that at my age, I was pregnant, he'd laugh himself sick. [LAUGHING] Arthur, how did you find out? I'm sorry, Maude, it's not you. It's just I keep seeing that dumb look that Walter's going to have on his face when he finds out. [LAUGHS] I'm sorry, Maudey, really, honestly I am, but I can't help it. That dumb look on Walter's face keeps popping up into my mind. [CHUCKLES] Hi, Viv. Hi, Carol. How did you find out, Arthur? You tortured my gynecologist, didn't you? Maude, Dr. Tarpin and I happened to intern together at Bellevue. We also happen to have offices on the same floor. So when I saw you leaving with that expression on your face, I just, well, uh, heh-heh... Anyway, congratulations, little mother. Little mother? Arthur Harmon, that is the most insensitive thing. [ALL CLAMORING] I am 47 years old! Everybody, let's just play cards. Let's... Good idea. Come on, Mother. It'll take your mind off of things. Only if we play for the next nine months. Maude, one thing I don't understand about all this. Weren't you using the pill? No, it gives me migraines. What did you do, Mother? Cross your fingers? Well, you're not gonna tell me you were using some old-fashioned method. Bingo, and the old-fashioned thing happened. I got pregnant. Now, wait a minute. There's no such thing as old-fashioned. Hippocrates described the IUD thing over 2,000 years ago. Oh, it's so unfair. They can put a man on the moon, but women are using the same birth control men... Oh, come on, girls, let's play. It's my bid and I say, uh, pass. [SCOFFS] I don't even have to arrange these. Two no trump. Pass. Pass. Maude, your partner just bid two no trump. That means you're supposed to let her know what's in your hand. There, look! Mother. Leave her alone. Can't you see she's upset? I think all three of you are getting nutty on this subject. Now, Maude, I grant you that the autumn years of life are not the ideal time to be raising a baby. The autumn years of life? Arthur, leave it to you to sound just like a Hallmark card. Arthur, how can you be so insensitive? Not just to my mother... Arthur, when are men gonna take some responsibility for birth control? It's happening. It's happening. Vasectomy for example. More and more men are talking about vasectomy all the time. [SCOFFS] Walter's been talking about it for two years. Take it from me, Arthur, talking about it doesn't work. Harry Adams just had a vasectomy. Good man, Adams. "Good man, Adams." Arthur, one man's vasectomy is not the answer. Look. The way things are going, if even older people like my mother and Walter start behaving like rabbits, well, we're all going to end up living like sardines. Beautifully put, Carol. I mean, it's not every mother that gets to be called a rabbit. Mother, that's not what I meant. I just meant chauvinism... If you didn't mean it... What do you mean? Hi, everybody. [ALL CLAMORING] Now, wait a minute! [WHISTLES] [WHISTLES] [WOLF WHISTLES] Walter! [LAUGHING] My, some little powwow you guys are having over there. Hi, Carol, Vivian. Hi. Arthur. Walter. Maude. How's my baby? [SIGHS] Boy, am I glad to be back from that appliance convention. And, Maude, do I have a surprise for you. He has a surprise for me. Folks, you're not gonna believe this, but I, Walter Findlay, am going into Japanese appliances. Hey, come on, what's going on here? I just said I was going into Japanese appliances. Is that all I get from you? Walter, Mother has something to tell you too. Carol. Mother, no sense in delaying. Carol, how can you do this? Now is the best time. What am I supposed to do? Tell him, will you? Tell him with the four of you? All right, all right. All right, all right. I'll tell him. You might as well, Maude. You're the dummy. Come into the kitchen, Walter. What's the matter? Did you wreck the car again? Did you hear that, everybody? Did you hear that?! Not "Maude, are you sick?" or "Maude, are you unhappy?" or even "Maude, are you pregnant?" No. "Maude, did you wreck the car again?" You're right, darling. I mean, you're absolutely right, and I'm sorry. So tell me, sweetheart, are you sick? No. Are you unhappy? No. Are you pregnant? Yes. [CHOKING] Did you tell him? Yes. How did he take it? I don't know. He was looking the other way. [GASPING] [RETCHING] Mother, aren't you worried about Walter alone in there? Oh, no. All the knives are dull, and he can't fit into the blender. Why don't I go and check? Stay where you are. Look, if there were anything wrong with Walter, I'd be the first to know. [GASPING] He's taking it pretty well. [GASPING] I think there's something wrong with him. He just loves my chicken. [GASPING] There is something wrong with him. He's choking. Get some bread from the kitchen. Walter. Sit down. Just sit down here. Get a glass of water. What happened? A chicken? A chicken bone? Oh, it's all my fault. It's all my fault. Here. I should never have mentioned the baby. Oh, good. [GASPS] Just a little bite. Take the bread. Now, chew it up. Easy, slowly, darling. Please, slowly, slowly. Now swallow it, swallow it. Got to get it all down. Slowly. That'll do it. See? Easy, sweetheart. That's it. That's it. That's good. That's it. [INHALES] [WHIMPERS] Are you okay? There now, you all right, Walter? That's $20 for a house call. [EXHALES] Listen, Walter, before you swallowed the bone, did you hear what I told you? Uh, is there anything you want to say? What is it, Walter? If it's true, give me another chicken leg. It's a mistake, isn't it, Arthur? It's a false pregnancy. They happen all the time, don't they? The tests were positive, Walter. Then it must be something else going around, like the measles. Maude, we've seen enough movies together. This is the place in the movie where they say, "We're kidding." You were kidding, weren't...? We're not kidding, Walter. The rabbit died. I know how he feels. Arthur... in 13 years... I'll be the 62-year-old father of an Eagle Scout! [LAUGHING] There's the look. Look, you can see it. I knew he'd do it, and there it is! Arthur, my life is flashing in front of me, and you're laughing. Oh, never mind about him, Walter. Who are you to get upset? Nothing's gonna happen to you. You're not the one that has to carry this baby. She's right. I am the one who's going to have to sit in that doctor's office with all those pregnant 25-year-olds. Yep, one look at you, and they'll probably laugh themselves into premature labor. Maude, I'm leaving. I think you wanna be alone with Walter. I don't wanna be alone with that man again as long as I live. I don't blame you. Walter, what can I say? Try, "Good night," Vivian. Good night, Vivian. You too, Arthur. I'm going. I just want to say one word before I go. I want both of you to look on the affirmative side of this thing. I mean, look at it this way. If it's a boy, Walter will have someone to carry on his name. Arthur, from now on, Walter's name is "Mud." You wanna name a kid "Mud," you get pregnant. Well, what can I say? Rotsa ruck. That's to go with your Japanese appliances. [LAUGHS] Better make me a double. I'm drinking for two, you know. Excuse me. I think I'll check up on Phillip. Maude, I don't know what to say. I know it's crazy, but I'm excited about this. And if I'm excited about it, I should be happy about it. But I'm not, Maude, I'm not. I understand. Ah, we're too old. I mean, it's not going to be any fun having a two-year-old who can beat you up the stairs. But the time will come, Maude, when we'll be free again. I mean, the child grows up, goes to college, meets a girl or a fella, and gets married. Then gets a divorce, moves back into the house, probably with an 8-year-old kid. God'll get you for that, Walter. I think he already has. Phillip's asleep. You know, I've been thinking. There is no earthly reason for you to go through with this at your age. You know it, I know it, Walter knows it... I don't want you to talk... Just don't talk... Wait, I didn't say anything, but now that you've mentioned it, it's legal in New York now, isn't it? Of course it is, Walter. Mother, I don't understand your hesitancy. When they made it a law, you were for it. Of course, I wasn't pregnant then. Mother, it's ridiculous, my saying this to you. We're free. We finally have the right to decide what we can do with our own bodies. All right. Then will you please get yours into the kitchen? You're just scared. I am not scared. You are, and it's as simple as going to the dentist. Now I'm scared. Mother, listen to me. It's a simple operation now. But when you were growing up, it was illegal. And it was dangerous, and it was sinister, and you've never gotten over that. Now, you tell me that's not true. It's not true. And you're right, I've never gotten over it. It's not your fault. When you were young, abortion was a dirty word. It's not anymore. Now, you think about that. You know, Maude, you've got one hell of a daughter. Oh, Walter, it's so silly. It's really dumb. I mean, it's... It's not just that I'm scared. It's, like, deep down inside me, there's a teeny part of me that feels guilty for even thinking about it. Well, I'll tell you this, Maude. Whatever you decide is going to be all right with me. Thank you, Walter. I'll tell you something else too. To make sure this doesn't happen again... I'm going to have that vasectomy. You really mean that, Walter? Why not? It's a simple operation. Like going to the dentist. Well, maybe I ought to think about it. And you, Maude? I don't know. I don't know. I guess I'll just have to think about it too. Sweetheart... whatever you decide. Walter... don't pat me there. That's what started this whole thing. Boy, I bet Mother never slept a wink last night. Nope, you're wrong. I don't understand it, but she slept like a log. Good morning, Maude. Good morning, Mother. Quiet, not another word. I don't want anything to knock this dream out of my head. All last night, I was the heroine of a soap opera, There's Always Tomorrow. As an infant, I was left on a coal miner's doorstep, spent my formative years with a band of roving gypsies, grew up and married an Italian nobleman, and at age 47, I got pregnant. ANNOUNCER: And now some scenes from next week's Maude. No, the point I'm trying to make, honey, is that I am going to have this baby because Walter wants it. WALTER: Well, no, I don't think so, Arthur. The way Maude was tossing and turning last night, I just know she wants to have that baby. Walter... I've decided to have the baby. I mean, a woman has a right to know how her husband feels. I think you know how I feel, Maude. I want whatever you want. And I want what you want, Walter. Then it's settled. Because I trust you to know what I want. Anyway, you won't have to make this decision again. Wait a minute, Walter. Walter, what's that supposed to mean? I spoke to Arthur, and he spoke to Dr. Mingo, and he arranged for me to get a vasectomy after golf. A vasectomy after golf. It sounds like a new play by Noel Coward. [♪♪♪] ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ANNOUNCER: Maude was recorded on tape before a live audience. ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's Maude ♪ ♪ And then there's... ♪ ♪ Right on, Maude ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 