Ingress: The Animation: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ingress: The Animation 
 s1e7 - Nature - Civilization - Soul - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ingress: The Animation (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 7 - Nature - Civilization - Soul - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There’re so many of them! Now or never! Stop! Hank! Everything rests on decoding Sarah’s signals. Yes, sir. Go! Field operations commencing. Time to move, Agent. You should see the other guy. Hank. I owe you one. Are you able to flash forward? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No good. I can’t do anything on Enlightened turf. We won’t last here. Let’s regroup with the others. We’re in bad shape. How’re things looking? Pretty rough. Best we can do is dig in and... They’re gonna collapse the whole damn cave! Everyone, fall back! Take cover inside! We will rise with flesh immortal! Hold on! A place this old’s gotta have secrets. This kid struck gold. The hell? Shut up and help! Fire! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mission parameters achieved. What the hell is this place? A structure of indeterminate origin. Unknown to even the Azmati. Or perhaps forgotten. We are in your debt. Not me. Thank him. The exit’s up ahead. Let's go. I’ve been in firefights on each continent, but never seen people like that. They fought like they were possessed by something. The Collaborators. The Collaborators? Hulong. SE. Two tiny pieces of something bigger and worse. Each one empowers the other, and they’re wired in everywhere. XM tech. Arms manufacturing. Police. Politics. Military. They sit on company boards, or in government chambers, using what power they have to gain more. I call them “Collaborators.” So you’re saying Liu is one of them? I don’t know who that is. But I wouldn’t focus on the individuals. Study their methods and motives. I don’t know what it is, but there’s a reason you're here. When you were captured by the Azmati, you covered for one another. That caught my interest. I wondered why two opposing Agents would work so closely. And then you saved our lives, leading us through a forgotten structure. We’ll pick up the pieces here. You two need to get to Switzerland. Are you sure? I’ve got a hunch you two have a bigger mission to fulfill. I’ll pull strings to get you a ride. That'll get you on your way. What's wrong? It's just... something doesn't feel right. If they want to milk this conflict for profit, why nearly wipe out one side? They can't play their game without both teams up and running. That’s true. A Dark XM mine and some money? That can’t be their endgame. No. It doesn’t add up. Antoine Smith here. These targets were seen in the operation. Have you recovered their bodies? It is imperative those two are dead. SE had only one objective: Dark XM. You know the Azmati will defend this place to the bitter end. And beyond. I won’t jeopardize operations for your hit job. It’s much more than personal. They’re working with the Azmati. Obstructing our destiny. If they escape, your tiny mission will be lost. Find them, and dispose of them. Understood. Dark XM? What are you hiding? This’ll get you to the airstrip. She might not be the prettiest, but she’ll do. Time to hit the road. Hank. You said Dark XM affects the mind and body. Tell me more. It affects people’s cells, synapses... even their genetic coding. Had the Niantic Project gone as planned, maybe we would know more. Jack mentioned that project. At CERN, we discovered that a signal in XM alters the human brain. But Dark XM has more volatile properties. Physical ones. It can lead to death. And I can only speculate on its more extreme effects. More extreme than death? Dark XM’s a black hole. Nobody knows where its power ends. But I have a bad feeling Hulong knows more than any of us. Yeah. Even worse. They’re actively using it. What?! The lab in Kyoto, the battle here... I think they’re both part of the Collaborators’ plan. They've been researching emotional manipulation and control. And they’re incorporating Dark XM into these visors to make the effect on their soldiers "more extreme," as Hank put it. The Signals... Glyphs... Now it makes sense. Sarah’s ability. The power to communicate through the Portal network. I’m sure that’s why they kidnapped her. Early Resistance scientists discovered that XM has an effect on the brain. They called it a "Shaper Mind Virus," blinding themselves to its potential. Their understanding of how XM works on the brain was flawed. As research continued, they learned that Glyphs were the key to shaping a mind. Glyphs are control embodied. A universal language influencing the mind. You didn't know you could channel Glyphs, but we did. We also knew you could send thoughts through the Portals. But we needed to know how. The project hinged on it. From Glyph to idea to XM signal, you've shown us every piece. You're my perfect Rosetta Stone. Oh... And those messages you sent your friends? We intercepted every last one of them. You’ve been so useful to us, and will continue to be. Let me thank you personally my dear, sweet... Sarah. So these are basically signal amplifiers. I’m assuming the effects of the Glyphs were too subtle alone? Mix in Dark XM and you’ve got a recipe for disaster on steroids. Hulong needed lots of Dark XM, but the Azmati stood strong. They needed to use mind control on their mercs to kill them all off. Incoming! Hang on! Eliminate the two key targets. Those visors are doing their job. Can’t shake ‘em. Do they know they’re being manipulated? I wouldn’t bet on it, kid! Outnumbered again? Gimme a break! Hard right! Barricade every route! No escape! -Roger. -Roger. No way out. I’ll distract them. You two bail. Roll out when we reach the woods. The airstrip’s due west. But what about you? I’ll be fine. They’ll go through a hell of a lot worse. We all have critical parts to play. Remember what you saw here! Good luck charm. Unlocked the right doors for me. Hank... Now go! Jahan, sorry I had to pass along that family heirloom... But I suspect those two will need it. And I’m not sure I need it for this! Stupid bunch of fools. That stupidity has allowed them to survive! They are Sensitives! They're not like you knuckle-draggers! We have to assume they’re still alive. Get a security detail around the facility. Spare no expense. Yes sir! You’ll lose... because you underestimated them. They got the better of me, I’ll admit. But this isn’t over yet. Still, what a shame to waste such extraordinary Sensitives. How far... To the end of the line, wherever that is. That is the path I’m carving. We’re a lot alike, you know? Just like you, I’ve had to suffer for my abilities. People fear greatness. We carry our gifts like a curse. Society shuns genius, and lionizes the mediocre. In order to fix that, we have to change the world itself. Mankind is scattered. Drifting. So aimless. And it holds us all back. What it needs is leadership from those who have a vision, and the power to execute it. People just like you and me, Sarah. We could shape the future. Just the two of us. He’s gone. We owe it to him to keep going. We can’t let his death be in vain. It’s gonna get ugly in Switzerland. Rest up on the plane. Your visor... is it the same one the mercs were wearing? It’s an older prototype. It can't be used to hack your brain? Won’t happen. Brandt made this one personally. I told you before that Brandt worked with Hulong, remember? They asked him to design a new type of augmented reality visor. One that could send a signal straight to the optic nerve. Even allow the blind to see. But before he could finish it, they pulled him off the project. Until just now, I didn’t know why. Do you think... He tried to stop it. Brandt wanted to push humanity forward. He wouldn’t stand for mind control. Something just doesn’t add up here. Sure, they’ve got some super-mercs... But why go to all the trouble? It’s more than mercs. They’re after something much bigger. Didn’t you see all the ads? They were everywhere in Japan. Hulong’s launching a new AR visor worldwide. Every consumer in the world. How’s that for a Collaborator agenda? And they go on sale... Tomorrow! Millions. No. Tens of millions opening their minds to the highest bidder. We’re on a deadline. Let’s go! Subtitle Translation by Rika Takahashi 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 