Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s1e6 - Were You on the South Bank Show Last Night? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Were You on the South Bank Show Last Night? - full transcript 
 A compilation of unseen clips from the first series. Hear how Josie Long is hoping to turn into an old male, marathon running Sikh, Marcus Brigstocke nearly became a polar bear's lunch and many more stories not previously broadcast. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello, I'm Alan Davies, and welcome to As Yet Untitled. {\an5}Now, tonight's show is the bits that we couldn't fit in from the other shows. The premise is the same - there's a conversation with no real rules or agenda or anything established in advance, including the intro. LAUGHTER And then at the end of it, we try and think of a title for what we've just seen, {\an5}and the difference is, on this show, the people thinking of the title haven't seen it. {\an1}LAUGHTER That's it, so let's welcome tonight's guests. {\an1}APPLAUSE 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hello. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Hello. How are you doing? {\an1}THEY EXCHANGE GREETINGS Jason, did you fly today? Did you fly from Dublin today? Yeah. Did I? Yeah, I did. It was good, it was... Normal flight? Uneventful flight? Nobody died, there was nothing... LAUGHTER I did ask you because, when I looked at you, I thought of Sean Hughes. {\an5}What? Cos he sounds like me? Cos he's another comedian from Dublin who I know. And when I toured with Sean Hughes, which is over 20 years ago and I was opening for him, and we did a gig in Glasgow, and he doesn't like... I don't know what he's like now, but at that time he said, "I don't want to do a gig on the day that I flied." Day that I flown... Day that I flew. LAUGHTER 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I flied? Day that I flied. Let's come up with a load more. {\an5}He didn't say that. I flaught. He would have used the proper word. That could be a new word. And, so, we had to drive to Glasgow, which I resented somewhat. {\an5}I wasn't allowed to fly, either, we all had to go in the car so Sean had some company. But you don't have that stress? I've flown to Australia. {\an5}I've gone to Melbourne and I've had to do gigs two days after I've landed, but I never remember them because I'm jet-lagged. And it literally sounds like... INDECIPHERABLE BABBLE And they're all going... MOUTHS And I go... INDECIPHERABLE BABBLE It's like I'm watching myself doing a gig. It's really bizarre, that is. But, no. I don't like doing a gig straight after a flight, no. Even if it's a short flight. But why are we scared of it? I feel I should be scared of it because it is irrational. Do you mean scared of flying? You're in a tube eight miles up. Yeah. I have to reconcile myself with certain death before I get on the aeroplane. But I don't know if that's fear of flying, it's just a process I have to go through. {\an5}Do you think that if you imagine the plane's going to crash that it won't crash... Absolutely. ..cos you've predicted it. That's what I think. {\an5}As long as I predicted the plane won't crash it will be too much of a coincidence if it does. Yeah. Have I been killed in an air crash? No, I have not. Theory proven. LAUGHTER You could use the canary down a mine theory, so maybe rent a pilot. They sit beside you. So if the plane goes, "wuuh", just look at him. {\an1}LAUGHTER And if he doesn't go, "Jesus"... Then if he just stays calm, even if it's burning and going everywhere, if he's still calm then it's fine. We went to Pisa on holidays. Pisa? Is that how you say that? Is that right? Yeah. You can say it like that if you want. Unless you went to a pizza? No. {\an5}In which case that is not the way you pronounce pizza. That was there, that thing. We were on the tarmac waiting to take off in Pisa and the fella came on and he went, "Very sorry to disturb you, "there's been a bit of a mishap." And we're all going, "I wonder what it is?" He goes, "Our take-off time is for yesterday." LAUGHTER And we were like "What?" And he goes, "Yeah, we can't take off cos we've missed our slot "because it was actually yesterday, "so we're going to wait here until we get a new flight slot." So we were waiting, right, and then the pilot, this Irish pilot, he just goes "Right, I can't get a time slot." He goes, "I'm going to bring the plane out on to the runway." Right? LAUGHTER This is true. And we're like "What?" I swear, he wasn't... Were you like, "What?" or where you like, "Yeah!" Yeah, we were literally going, "Yeah! Bring it out, bring it out!" Cos we were exhausted and hot, they wouldn't even turn the plane on. So he brought it on and he drove it out. I mean, he wasn't sure of... {\an5}You know when you back a car out like that? LAUGHTER {\an5}He didn't have the tuggy boat thing or anything to pull him out, he had to do it himself. And he went out and he sat on the runway, right, so planes that were coming in would have had to go back up again, and as he sat there, after five or ten minutes, maybe, he just went, "We have a new slot time." {\an1}LAUGHTER And after 20 minutes he just took off and then we were late getting to the connecting flight back to Dublin and I said, "Oh, we've missed our flights." {\an5}They went, "That's very terrible." I said "Can I just get on another flight?" They said, "Yes, but it will be full price." {\an5}And I went, "But it's your fault." And they went "Well, I'm very sorry but we weren't flying the plane." Have you got the same dogs, I visited you in Australia... Same dogs, yeah. ..and you had a couple of big hairy ones. Yeah. All the animals in our life look like me. It's weird. My wife... Did you bring all the animals with you? Cos didn't you have two cows there? I had four cows. Are they still in Australia? Yeah, they're still in Australia. {\an5}You didn't bring them over? No, cos, you know, I love the cows, but they were... That's a lot of money...to fly. They'd sit in coach, they'd sit in economy. Oh, yeah, they'd have to. A bit of reading. "My screen's not working." HE HOWLS That wasn't a cow. Howling cows. Howling cows. They're werecows! Hoo! The trouble is, as well, you can't guarantee. You have to guarantee, like, one seat in front of the other. Yes. Cos they can't go sideways, cos the arm rest digs into the side of a cow. So the back legs go in one seat, and then they have to recline the seat in front, and then the front legs go over. Yes. So that screen there is no good, cos... Sure. You have to get a smaller animal to go under to look up. There's milking and then there's going to the toilet. You could milk it straight into a sick bag. Or a spew bag. Thanks very much. {\an5}Do you think you get their frequent flyer miles, or do they keep them themselves? {\an5}Very much so, and when they come along and go, "Do you want chicken or beef?" They get a bit like that. LAUGHTER I went to... I sailed from Norway to Greenland. Don't! If you're ever offered that, by the way, say, "Oh, do you know what? No." LAUGHTER What? You sailed on a bear? No, I didn't sail on a bear. I wouldn't have... That would have been foolhardy in the extreme. But when you get to Svalbard, there's a fair few polar bears around. They give you a pamphlet of what to do, and, basically, page one says, "If you're going outside, have a look out the window first, "go out with someone who's got a gun, don't take smelly food..." Stuff like that. And then page two is what to do if you encounter a bear, and it basically just says, "Enjoy the close up view as it eats you." {\an1}LAUGHTER And those are the instructions, and it really does... "Don't run, don't curl up, don't play dead, "don't climb a thing." Just, like, that's it. Don't you take an item of clothing off and throw it down in order that it will stop and smell it? You could do that. And then it would eat you after that. Yeah, then it would eat you after that. The polar bear is the only creature that actually hunts man, and they'll come and get you. There's a story about two blokes, and they're out, and they're a bit worried about polar bears, and he says "Why are you wearing trainers?" And he says, "Well, there's polar bears." He says, "You're not going to outrun a polar bear, it's pointless." And he says, "I'm not trying to outrun the polar bear, "I'm going to outrun you." LAUGHTER I swam with one by mistake. I was on a boat researching climate change, and when we got to Greenland, most of the science stuff was done, and one of the film-makers on the boat said, "I really want to get footage "of one of us floating between icebergs - like man and nature. "You do it." And so all right, great, you know. An amazing opportunity. {\an5}So I put on this survival suit, and you can hear him on the film, it's brilliant. {\an5}I sort of waddle over and start climbing down the ladder to get in the sea, and you can hear him going, "Oh, quick! There's a seal in the water, get in." I thought, "That will be brilliant - the icebergs, me, the seal." I get in and I let go of the boat like that and float away. {\an5}And you can't swim much in a survival suit, you're just floating like this. And as I pushed away from the boat, I heard him go "Oh, no, hang on. It's a bear." LAUGHTER This bear... AS YOGI BEAR: Hey, hey, Boo-Boo! {\an1}LAUGHTER But he's filmed the bear. {\an5}You're the boat and I'm the bear, and the bear's going across the fjord and goes... {\an1}HE SNIFFS It was a good distance away. Shit. Like, I got back on the boat fairly quickly... Fairly rapidly, I'd imagine. Pretty rapidly, and then I had to pay for the survival suit cos... {\an1}LAUGHTER But the bear, it had two cubs on its back and it was swimming across a fjord that should, at that time of year, have been frozen, and it wasn't, so they carry the cubs across the fjord, {\an5}climb a mountain, down the next one to try and find ice they can hunt from. And when she got out the water, she looked like a whippet. You know, like, so thin. Cos all the fur sticks to you... Really you should have given yourself over. LAUGHTER That would have been... Any conscientious environmentalist would've gone, "Here, eat me!" "Have an arm at least." If it had actually been a seal in the water, it would have sung... # You're never gonna survive... # {\an1}LAUGHTER {\an1}APPLAUSE {\an5}Where two lanes here and one lane there, and then there'll be one lane... Do you know what I mean? I can't drive. Right. You might have well been going... INDECIPHERABLE BABBLE I was in a really weird car accident with a horse once. {\an1}LAUGHTER The horse driving? This being in Dublin, right? We checked it and he was slightly more sober than me, so we thought... What? You hit a horse? No, it was an odd situation, there was a fatality. It's not a very funny story so I don't mind if I don't tell ya. But I'll tell you if you want, like. I want to hear the one about the dead horse. It was... I was coming back from... A horse died or a person died? A man died. So did a horse. Was he on the horse? No, no. It's weirder than that. Was he walking on the pavement and you swerved to avoid a horse? No. It's weirder than that. So I'm leaving, it's about... I did a gig in Cheltenham and I was driving back to London, and you've got to go on a sort of unlit sort of A road. There are a lot of A roads before you get to the M4. Exactly the one. It's undulating countryside. It's quite dark. Yeah. It was the summer months, it was balmy, I had the window open and I was driving along about midnight. It was like a Wednesday or Thursday. It's one of those ones where it's three lanes, where two lanes here and one lane there, and then there'll be one lane... You know what I mean? They have on the country roads. So I'm driving up this... I can't drive. Right. You might have well been going INDECIPHERABLE BABBLE Anyway, I was changing in to third gear... {\an1}I can't even ride a horse either. ..and applying for my tax disc. I'm driving along. Where's the horse? It's coming. So I'm driving along, and I see this figure across the road from me. And I'm thinking, "There's something moving." And I start slowing down to about 10mph, and I see it's a horse. Now, it's a massive stallion. Like a steeple jumper. I know very little about horse racing, but it's a Grand National... Black Beauty. Yeah, it's Black Beauty, but, like, massive. These things are giant. It's a silky, black, massive horse. Lloyd's advert. Proper, yeah. I like your horse references. Yeah, those two horses. It's got the undercoat, it hasn't got the saddle on, it's just got the under jacket. It's got the bridling around its neck and it's foaming at the mouth and its eyes are like really wide and it's really skittish and angry. I ring the cops, right. It's stopped across the road, but unless it turns its face to you it just disappears. It's jet black. Black hedgerow and it's a dark night. A chameleon horse? Yeah, yeah. Pretty much. So I ring up the old bill and go, {\an5}"I don't know whether it's one of those things where I'm going to sound like I'm bothering your time {\an5}"but there's a horse loose on the road." They were like, "Stay with the horse." {\an5}"I'm not going anywhere near it, it's massive." They go, "No, don't. Just stay in your car." And while I'm on the phone to the dispatcher, coming over the bridge of the hill, coming towards the horse, a van came forward and the horse just panicked and leapt up on its hind legs and... Boom! 50mph van going down a hill, giant horse, straight into it. Just oblivion. Just... And I'm still on the phone... Still on the phone? ..to the dispatcher and I'm like... There were bits of horse everywhere. It was just... Shit. ..carnage. And it had all happened in the space of, like, a minute. Next thing, I'm in this situation. The sat nav, one that you stick on, exploded out of the cab of the lorry and landed, smoking, on my lap. Oh, God! There was just glass... There was everything everywhere, right? And I just stayed in the car. Like, what do I do? And I get out and it's like War of the Worlds. There's viscera everywhere. {\an5}The van carried on down and stopped at the bottom of the hill behind me, about 100 metres behind me. The cops, the fire brigade, they all show up, they're down there, and I'm just waiting at the top with this guy's sat nav. {\an1}LAUGHTER Surrounded by clods of horse everywhere. Horse meat. The cop, eventually... I walk down to this cop. This cop goes, "Did you see anything?" And I was like, "I'm the one who rang you." He goes, "We'll have to take a statement. There's been a fatality'. And I went, "Yes, the horse is dead." And he went, "Not the horse, mate." And as he's saying this, he's walking me around the front of the van to the cop car, and he walks me straight... The entire front of the van has gone and all that remains is an outline of the man. Get in the car, gives the statement while we're still looking at this and I get to the end of it and... I've watched Casualty, we've all watched Casualty. I get to the end of giving him my statement, and he went, "Right then, OK. You all right?" I went, "Uh... "Could really do with a cup of tea right now." And he went, "I'm not a cafe, mate. Off you go." {\an1}LAUGHTER Wow! Wow! My God. What would have been better is if he had lifted his helmet up {\an1}LAUGHTER You went to Rada? I did go to the Rada, yeah. Oh, rah. Rada, I went to Rada! The Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Yeah. Very difficult to get into. Now, the good thing... I like people who went to drama school cos normally they have a surprising classmate. Or someone who was there at the same time. OK, yeah. Yeah, go on, then. I had lots, actually. I've just worked with Iain Glen, who was... You know Iain Glen? Yeah. Was he at Rada with you, though? Yeah, or Neil, who's now in Midsomer Murders. He's the detective in Midsummer. You know, who's got the dog? Isn't that Bergerac? No, that's John Nettles. John Nettle... Oh, John... We always talk about John Nettles. Do we? Yeah, I think you and I have talked about John Nettles before. Have we? Yeah. LAUGHTER That show only works cos Bergerac's in it. Otherwise you'd think, "This is ridiculous. "People keep getting murdered in a village." Do you have Midsomer Murders in Melbourne? Uh... Yes! Yes, we do, it's on... Every afternoon! It's on the Australian equivalent of the BBC - on the ABC - and it's on so often people write letters saying "enough". "Get this shit off." Yeah, enough. Well, not shit. We went through that here. Oh, right. And now it's gone beyond. It's that thing of repetition with comedy. We now love it. It's hilarious. Yes. It's OK now, you're no-one unless you've been in it. But like lots of crime TV shows based in a village, you go, "Why would anyone want to move there? "It's a very, very dangerous village." Yes. You'd expect to see "For Sale" boards all round the common. Yes, exactly, but they're all so sweet and nice and lovely. But people get killed every week. It's Ukip heaven. LAUGHTER Yes. Because no-one's there. {\an5}There's nobody in the village whose family didn't move in at least 500 years ago. In fact, my father-in-law, bless him, he thought... He's Australian, obviously. Well, not obviously, but I said my wife was Australian, so I thought people would remember. So keep up, people, keep up! He... Heartbeat was on so much on Australian TV, he genuinely thought he was watching a cop show. He didn't realise it was a period piece that was made now. He thought it was an old show that was being played. He thought it was like an old show from the '50s. I was going, "It would have been in black and white, wouldn't it?" "Oh, yeah." LAUGHTER You were very good on Comic Relief. Oh, that's very kind of you to say. Who did you do? Nicki Minaj. OK. And she's a rapper, artist, and she has, I believe, from different sources, bum implants. That's a new thing. Hooters is out, the bum is in. It was a great prop, though. Your ass went... Ah, yeah, it did. She's really got implants in her bum? She has, I think. She denies it, but come on! Did you see the one that went wrong? When Surgery Goes Bad one when they had literally filled it with concrete? Yes. Extraordinary. What? Concrete? I promise you. You think you've got problems with your high arches. Imagine sitting on a loo and hearing it go clunk. But if I were to have... What's that that they do in one of those Georgian houses, where they finish it off smooth? What's that called? Artex? Maybe Artex or something... Stucco frontage. If I had a frontage, we'll call it that. Is that right? Anyone know? Rendering. Rendering! Rendering! So if I had my ass rendered... It's a very dull term for stucco. If I had it rendered and there was only one means of escape for the... For things... Yeah. That could solve... Oh, no. I couldn't sit down with a rendered ass, could I? {\an5}No, not comfortably. There was a surgery programme where they put concrete in someone? I promise you. Yeah. The mafia were doing the surgery. {\an1}LAUGHTER Concrete. Wow! In boobs or in the bum? Bum. Basically, my choice to do Nicki Minaj... {\an5}A lot of people thought it was a lot of things. It was a commentary, I believe, a social commentary, on how we're enlarging these sexual organs. Bigger boobs, bigger bum, look at this! And women are using all kinds of things and they want to do it cheaper, they all want access to it. So, as Mr Mortimer said, yes. Some lady went to an unlicensed surgeon and instead of using the firmer implants, cos that's what you need for a bum... You can get pectoral implants, you can get anything implanted now. She went somewhere dodgy and they put actual concrete... Did she die? She died. I'm not sure, but it's true. I had a little tiny duck inserted into my testicle. {\an1}LAUGHTER And it was fun for a while because they would float up in the bath. LAUGHTER But I got rid of it in the end. It's just... It's a fad. I know someone famous whose name I can't, sadly, say, who had an STD and went to a clinic... Can we say the name and you... Can we guess it? No, no. ..say no if it isn't them Can you say the name of the STD? What? Chlamydia. Chlamydia. And they went into... And of course... Gary Barlow. {\an1}LAUGHTER I'm not going to be able to tell this now cos it will be the name. Cos it is Gary Barlow. LAUGHTER Got it in one. You're far too close. What was it? Barry Garlow? {\an1}LAUGHTER But they were doing the cotton bud down the... Yeah. Oh! Put the cotton bud down the urethra, and he's holding his old fella doing that with a cotton bud, and he's going... "Were you on The South Bank Show last night?" {\an1}LAUGHTER {\an5}We were speaking before the recording about Noel's got tinges of regret about his choice. I like it. No, I asked for a Myra Hindley haircut. {\an1}LAUGHTER Bob, you did all kinds of different jobs. Well, a few. You started out living up in Middlesbrough working as a bin man, were you not? And all sorts. My first job was in a chicken factory, then I was a dustman. {\an1}They make chickens in factories? LAUGHTER Do you know Marcus? They kind of do. This was Chubby Chickens, before there were regulations. My very first job was you sat opposite someone as the chickens came past. They were really tiny and you had these guns and you went... {\an1}IMITATES DRILLING One in the breast and one in the leg and "bang"... I want that chicken. Inflatable? No. {\an1}Hang on, you inflated chickens? LAUGHTER It's water and...silicone or something. Delicious. Twice the size. Pump them up to be twice the size. Pump them up, yeah. Um, and then I used to have to fill the ovens up to make the fertilizer with the bits they didn't need. There isn't much. They don't use the feet, talons, whatever. Yeah. And some liquids and that's about it, really. I ordered chicken feet in a Chinese restaurant once, cos it looked interesting. The waiter said, "You do know only Chinese people eat this." Which I thought was an excellent warning. As if to go, "You'll absolutely find this disgusting." And it was awful. I had a similar experience. {\an5}There's a Chinese restaurant, now closed, that used to be where I lived. Really good, I liked it a lot, and we got to know the woman who ran it and she said one day, "Would you like to see the Chinese menu? "We don't put it out for the English customers as they would just "leave in disgust." And I think the only thing I... She kind of broke us in gently with a jellyfish and cucumber salad, which was lush! Kind of a chilled salad. Did you eat it? Yeah, it was delicious. It's quite nice. But the idea of there being this hidden secret menu. Often you go to a Chinese and you see the Chinese with... and you think, "What's that thing that looks like heaven?" And then you look at yours and it's, you know, sweet and sour chicken. It's fine, I don't want what they're having, which is great. They had two rooms, and downstairs was full of Chinese people doing karaoke and eating God knows what! {\an1}LAUGHTER I mean, they do eat every part of... Nose to tail. And it's good. Actually, I was in China last year doing some gigs, and we had a guide taking us up on the Great Wall and I said to him, "What animals are there here? "Bears? Wolves? Foxes? That sort of thing?" {\an1}He just went, "No, we ate them." LAUGHTER But not with any sense of, "Oh, and we shouldn't have." It was absolutely with a sense of pride. And I looked a bit shocked. And he said, "Yeah, yeah. "You know we'll eat anything." He said... What was it he said? "Chinese people will eat anything with legs except for a table." A table. Exactly. LAUGHTER {\an5}When I went to Hong Kong, I went on a tour bus round. That's exactly what the bloke said. "What's the only thing with four legs we won't eat? "A table. The only thing with two wings we won't eat is an aeroplane." LAUGHTER We're all roaring with laughter. Or a sanitary towel. A sanitary towel. LAUGHTER It depends on the sauce. {\an1}GROANS AND LAUGHTER I had a kid come up to me the other day and he said, "You do cooking, innit? On TV." And I said, "No." "Yeah, you do." And then he went away. I love that. I love that when they, "No, no. You..." I don't know who it is. I get... It might be the same as me. James Martin, I sometimes get. Yes, you do. Yes! YES! You look like so many people. Mr Mystero face. Every time a different person. That detective from The Lighthouse. Mysterious Richard Herring. A guy came up to me and said, "Your cooking stuff really changed my..." I was filming something else and I just had to go, "Oh, yeah." You can't really go, "It's not me," if someone is being that enthusiastic. You just have to pretend to be the other person. Which is weird and then you're tempted to say something really appalling so that the other person will get a terrible reputation. And go, "Sod off! I hate food!" The worst one is when somebody asks you for a picture and they go, "Can I get a picture with you?" And the person then gets a picture and they take it and they go, "Will you get my friend in as well?" {\an5}And the friend gets in and just before it gets taken they go, "I don't know who you are." {\an5}LAUGHTER You're going, "What are you here for?" It's just like a dig. I've had people say that I am both James May and Jeremy Clarkson. {\an1}LAUGHTER Well, eventually... I mean, they spend so much time together there may be a hybrid out there somewhere, that just kind of appeared through... Is that the misery of the two of them? A little hate baby. Jeremy and James together, merge them... {\an1}LAUGHTER You could be their child, they could have fused their sperm somehow. I'm not flattered by it, I prefer Hugh Fearnley Whittingstall. I presume it's him, anyway. Somebody told me a story about a guy...was a funeral. {\an5}He was talking to this woman for about 20 minutes and then he went over to... He was a divorced gentleman and he was talking to this woman for about 20 minutes and then he went over to one of his children and said, "Who is that woman that I was just talking to?" And his daughter went, "That's mum." He'd divorced her 20 years ago and he'd forgotten what she looked like. But he'd been talking to her? He'd been talking to his ex-wife for 20 minutes and he hadn't realised that he used to be married to her. Wow! I'd love it if he was like, "Who's that sexy woman over there?" "Phwoar!" LAUGHTER That's right, yeah. "Phwoar! I should have children with her." {\an1}LAUGHTER I was in Singapore with my sister and we were going to visit my aunt in Australia. Yeah. So this is a long time ago. I was 22, I was a student. Some Chinese kids in school uniform came up the top of an escalator and we were waiting just there and this one kid starts going... It's racist to do the voice. So don't. LAUGHTER But it's all right for him to do the Irish voice. Hey! My father was from Cork. I am qualified. {\an5}So you're allowed to do that. I didn't realise, you never showed me your papers. I'm sorry. It's like being stopped at the border. Phill, continue. Continue doing the accent. This girl looks at me... Do the accent. And she starts giggling with her friends, and the boy... About three or four girls, and the boy comes over to me and goes, "You lick ashtray." {\an1}LAUGHTER I said, "No." "Lick ashtray." And I said, "No, I don't, I don't lick ashtrays. "What are you talking about?' LAUGHTER "You boxer, you boxer." "No, I'm not. I'm not a boxer." I had very short hair at the time, quite sort of... And eventually he slowed down what he was saying, and I realised he was saying, "You're Rick Astley." LAUGHTER And, "You're a pop star." {\an1}LAUGHTER {\an5}And in the end they just wouldn't let go until I'd said, "Yeah, yeah, it's me." # Never gonna give you up... # LAUGHTER Lick Ashtray. I was in this cafe when I was first on TV and we didn't get recognised very much and a guy came up to me and said, "Are you Richard Herring?" I was like, "Yep. Yep, I am." He said, "You dropped your credit card." {\an1}LAUGHTER You were in the hairdressers, weren't you? We were speaking before the recording about Noel's got tinges of regret about his choice. I like it. No, I asked for a Myra Hindley haircut. Did they have a poster of her in the window? {\an1}LAUGHTER Yeah! Hairstyles you could go for. Yeah, you could go Myra, what else? It was basically her, Bucks Fizz and Fabio. That was it. You got it. You got it! Flash Gordon. I had to pick one. It's a lovely tinge. I know it's gone a bit ginge. Have they done the tips? Is it different shades? I went from black to this, which they said couldn't be done. And you just went in to prove them wrong. They were so right, weren't they? They said it can't be done and I said, "Well, we'll see about that." Watch this space. You were right. They were right. Was there a halfway house? Did you have to go in twice? No. Really? I wouldn't stand for that, I couldn't... No. Can you imagine wondering about with a strawberry blonde... Well, it is that toffee-coloured nightmare. But the halfway house, no. I said, "Let's just get this done." I thought you had to go from black, had to go into somewhere like a pale blue or something. It took a long time and I just wouldn't leave until it was done. It does take a long time. I lived with my hairdresser for two days. It's time consuming. I just stayed there. Watched a box set together. Cos it always takes a long time and afterwards I say, "What is this? What have we achieved with our day?" {\an5}She says, "It's sun-kissed, sun-kissed. I've made it sun-kissed." "I'd rather look chemically fisted, I've been here about 14 hours." LAUGHTER Sorry, sorry. {\an5}I don't think that will make the edit. That won't make it, but I just thought... I never want to interrupt the conversation, {\an5}cos I enjoy it, but I do want to go back on the phrase "chemically fisted". {\an1}LAUGHTER I always think that these sort of natural euphemisms for hair colours don't sort of make sense, when you've spent the best part of the day in the salon, so "chemically fisted" is a more appropriate... That's what you describe that look as. Yeah. How many pages of a magazine did you flick through? Oh, yeah, yeah. I want that one. That chemically fisted one. {\an1}Chemically Fisted by Vidal Sassoon. LAUGHTER Am I going to let the roots... Are you going to go with the root look? Yeah. Cos that's a good look now. What? Council-house mum? Yeah. I think the longest haircut I've ever had is about 14 minutes. It's pretty straightforward for me - you walk in, you ask for the Lego man. {\an1}LAUGHTER That's so liberating. I'm really jealous! The downside is I do look like Adolf Hitler. Good look. A good-looking, younger Adolf Hitler. Thank you. Still a bit like Hitler. Do they have a back door they throw you out if it goes wrong? I imagine they can't send you out the front if it's gone wrong. They put you in a burqa and kick you out the back. The thing is, I left my hairdresser and went to a different one after ten years, and it was like I was having an affair. It was awful. What? They were upset? Really upset. It was really awkward. Yeah. When I saw her again and someone else... "So, you've been seeing someone else?" "Yeah." Would she take you back for the odd trim? Well... {\an1}That is certainly not a euphemism. LAUGHTER {\an5}If you're going to do all your own jokes, we're going to be here all night. It was really weird. It was like she would, but I could see behind her eyes there was a slight anger. That she might... Scissors in the back of the head. Have you ever thought about having a male vajazzling? No. {\an5}Cos you're the only man in Britain that I can imagine would even attempt... Could pull thatoff. You know there's something going on down there. No, no, no. There's lights and there's music when he unzips his... {\an5}LAUGHTER When he unzips his fly, it's amazing, the whole of the urinal is illuminated. I don't like technology, I wish I could just... I've got this fantasy where I move to the country and just make otters out of clay and sell them by the roadside and somehow earn enough money. LAUGHTER You could get a robot to sell them for you. You would like to do that? What is it about technology, then? Is it just... I think that thing of people... {\an5}I don't like that I think our attention spans are getting smaller and I don't like that thing of {\an5}people being able to watch programmes and also tweet and be checking their e-mails. I don't think it's good for us. It's good to just sit down by the fireside and read a novel. That's the sort of spice of marketing - knowing what you want and delivering exactly what you want, or chosen, to you on all the things you might see. You know, it starts... You go and buy stuff online and next minute there's things popping up, "Oh, you bought a Slipknot CD. You might like these crossbows." {\an1}LAUGHTER "Whoa, whoa, how did you do that?" My favourite Slipknot story, which I'm sure you know. Slipknot - how would you describe them? Thrash? Punk? Metal? At Halloween. They are a very odd band in that they invite abuse from their fans, and that's one of the things they get up to. Oh, do they? Yeah. They love that. They don't want them to e-mail in and say, "We love you." They want them to get inventive. Yeah. So they love all that. But "slipknot" is also a term for knitting, and some of their fans got the wrong website. It's actually quite a nice knitting website with patterns on, knitting forums... Suddenly torn to shreds by people inventing all kinds of new ways to abuse the people who ran the website and caused a stir. The maggots - that's what they call their fans. Do they? The fans are the maggots, yeah. Have they got the singing that's... DEATH METAL VOCALS There's a bit of that. DEATH METAL VOCALS That's them covering a boy band song, innit? That's their Christmas album. Once in Royal David's City. DEATH METAL VOCALS Some medley. "Where were you when this was a hit?" {\an1}DEATH METAL VOCALS There's a lot of that. They're all wearing pig masks with spikes and stuff like this and banging oil drums and flames are coming out. Look, I supported them at a metal festival. You love 'em! Yeah, and I was very careful that I finished on time. I did not want to upset the Slipknot fans - the "Knot" as they're called. The "Knot"! Yes. They're quite scary. Very nice lads, actually. Very quietly spoken. Do a lot of knitting. Do a lot of knitting, yeah. My fourth husband was annoyed because I became an old Sikh man. {\an1}LAUGHTER He didn't find that attractive. Do you pray in dodgy situations? Are you religious at all? I shouldn't, cos I'm not allowed. I don't have the pass cos I don't have the training. Because I went to mass and I stopped going. So as a Catholic... Are you a lapsed Catholic? Yeah. So I believe I haven't trained well enough. {\an5}I don't think my prayers... I think they'll get near God and then just fall. LAUGHTER When did you stop going? What age were you when you stopped going? I was a little bastard at 14. {\an5}Sorry, I'm going backwards. That's what my mother called me when I sat in my pyjamas that day, and Mother went, "Are you ready?", you went, "No", and she went, "Little bastard." LAUGHTER And I went, "No, we're not going", she went, "Little bastard." And off she went and she said she prayed for us. I was about 14, 15. So that's when you stopped? Yep. Prior to that it had been every week. It was cool. It was good fun. {\an5}Did you see friends from school there? Was it sort of lively? Yeah. We'd go to the back. {\an5}We'd always go to the back in mass, cos that's where you could mess and start belting eachother. And I remember we were down the back, I loved this because this... There was always lots of old people scattered around, because the older you get, the more you go to mass, cos you're getting nearer there and you should put the effort in. And people think they'll get in cos, "I'm nearly there, I should let them know who I am {\an5}"in case I'm at the gates and he doesn't know who I am." LAUGHTER I was at the back and we were with the lads and we were messing... I think we were flicking each other, punching each other and all and this old man turned around and went, "Have a bit of respect!" And then this old woman who was probably in her 90s just turned around to the old man and went, "Ah, lighten up, ya old shit!" LAUGHTER Isn't that absolutely brilliant? And we were just like, "We love this woman! She's great." Cos you forget old people... I think you forget who they are when they're inside there. I was obsessed with old people when I was a kid. Cos I loved the fact... I loved history and all. And I'd be in a Post Office or wherever and I could see them there, and I'd go, "In the war that guy there could have killed somebody." But he's literally going slowly like that. They've got their lives inside them. You don't feel as old as your body does, do you? No. I think, mentally, you don't age. You don't have physical pain in your brain when you're thinking, but your knees hurt. LAUGHTER I'm constantly thinking, "Oh, bollocks!" I wish I'd looked after it a bit better, that's all. I just feel I've really driven the ass out of this body. LAUGHTER Apparently... No. It's like I've bought a Sierra. An S-reg Sierra. I've just driven the shit out of this body, I really have. And I'm not buying a new one. It's too late now. When you've got an old one, you really love it, don't you? {\an5}Oh, yeah. We've been some places. Oh, no, no, no. I'm very at home with this. I know where all the good bits are. Every bit's got a story, a special stain on it. Oh, yeah. How I got that dent. "Oh, you won't believe how I got that dent!" Mine's the other way round, because I started training again, right? With my body. So I'm running, but I'm too old, so the bits of my car just don't really work. They're going, "That doesn't work." I'm getting my knees and I'm trying to run and they're going, "No, you knackered them years ago!" So you need to be more accepting? I can't get it going. So you disagree about the driving? Only because I've just read this thing that at the age 62, past the age of 62 - sorry, guys - it's over. Before that you can get to your optimum fitness at any age. Like, you can be at your peak. Like, your body is ready to do it. To relearn? Yeah, well, to get fit. But beyond that... I've got about three different fantasy old ladies I'd like to be. OK, take us through it. LAUGHTER I'd love to. Go. First up is that I get really good at cooking and baking, right? And I get so fat that I can, like, rest my boobs on top of my big belly, and I'm carrying out plates from the kitchen on my stomach. With no hands? Yeah! That's number one. Yep. Right, second one is, you know that old guy and he runs marathons and he's like 108... No. He's a Sikh guy. Oh, I know who you mean, yeah. I'd be that guy. Yeah. But I'd be a woman. An ageing Sikh? Yeah, he runs marathons. Oh, you must know about him. This must be harder for you than the baking and the cooking one. It's a slightly more rigorous set of circumstances. He started running marathons when he was, like 81, and I think he's 108, and they just did an interview with him and he was like, "Fine! I'll do my last one." And he had this twinkle in his eye, like, "There's never going to be a last one." And that's what I'd be like. A stringy marathon old lady. That's a long way from the boobs and stomach, but that's all right. Yeah, I'm giving myself options, depending on how this plans out. Sure, there's contrast. And then the third one. Sorry, converting to Sikhism? LAUGHTER Or? Oh, I didn't even factor that in. Sod it! Why not? Give it a go. It'd be very hot, though, wouldn't it? If you weren't used to it, it would be, wouldn't it? Yeah! Or is it more absorbent, the turban? Nice bit of cotton. Do female Sikhs wear turbans? I don't know anything about it. I think the men... Cos they don't cut their hair, do they? And they all carry a knife, but they're never allowed to use it. That's what I know about them. Oh, no. I meant are you going to become an old Sikh man? Oh, I'd love to. Yeah? It'd be a dream. Oh, so sex change? Then a Sikh? And a marathon. False beard, you know, cucumber down the shorts. That'll do ya. I would happily be, as an 85-year-old lady, a drag king running marathons. That would be a beautiful finale to a life well lived. That'd be drag racing. Crazy! And the third one is like Zsa Zsa. Who? Zsa Zsa, like seven husbands by the pool. Oh, yeah. That'd be the third one. But, if I'm honest, that's my least favourite. So many stories. Is it? Yeah, I don't want to get through husbands. Seems a bit bleak. But by then... You could lie. You could lie, you could just pretend. I mean, you could say you've had three already now? OK. What were they like? Awful. AS ZSA ZSA: My first husband... Oh, John was wonderful! My fourth husband was annoyed because I became an old Sikh man! LAUGHTER He didn't find that attractive. So we're also doing a show. We're doing a show made up of all the bits from all the shows in the series that we haven't...weren't in the... Haven't made... The extra bits. Yep. And we need a title for that. Is the title "Do We Get Paid For The Extra Show?" That is the title. You're going to be in the extra show. Can you run that by me? I just got a bit lost. Well, what we did was we made five shows and half the stuff that gets said doesn't get used. They're going to get bits of it and make an extra show. If it's not low budget enough! We're going to save money. It's not the best stuff. It's not the best stuff. The best stuff that's in the episode, it's not the worst stuff. {\an5}The worst stuff won't be shown. It's not the shit, shit stuff. It's the quite shit stuff. It's the medium shit, medium shit. The stuff that nearly made it. Could've Been Better. Could you have that? Yeah. Could've Been Better. Try Harder? Alan Davies's C-. {\an1}LAUGHTER C-. Yeah, yeah. Giggle And Squeak. That's leftovers, isn't it? Bubble and Squeak, play on that. Bit too clever. Clever. Too clever. Wibbly Wobbly Windy Chair. {\an1}What about Finger Up Your Cock? LAUGHTER I'm fairly certain that's going to make it. I think that's going to make the cut. Melvyn Bragg's Urethra, maybe? GROANS That might not make the main show, but... {\an5}Were you on The South Bank Show last night? LAUGHTER {\an1}Were You On The South Bank Show? LAUGHTER Think that might do it. That's what I like. It's the image, it's that. {\an1}LAUGHTER Do I have to do it with the action? That is part of it. OK, thank you very much. All of you. Have you come to a conclusion there? Yes, we did. Oh! I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching Were You on The South Bank Show Last Night? {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 