Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e4 - It Must Have Been Big to Serve a Lot of People - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 4 - It Must Have Been Big to Serve a Lot of People - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}ALAN DAVIES: AS YET UNTITLED 04 CTO M744J/82 BF000000 I think I've left the iron on. Hi, guys! This is nice, isn't it? It's quite swish. Deja vu. Oh, no, I HAVE been here before. Buenos dias, pussycats. If Russell Howard mentions our holiday in Alicante, I WILL make a scene. I'd better wash... {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Hello. I'm Alan Davies. Welcome to As Yet Untitled. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is the show where we have no preparation or agenda or...intro properly written. We do have four hugely talented guests and what we like to do is during the course of the show come up with a suitable mantle for tonight's offering. Please welcome my guests. {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Hello. Hello, everyone. Welcome, welcome. Lovely to have you. So let's see. Who do we have? We have Tiff Stevenson. Tiff was put to sleep due to her troublesome tongue. Yeah. {\an1}CHEERING John Robins. Welcome back to the show, John. Nice to see you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 John performs better without the burden of clothing. Well... {\an1}CHEERING Fantastic to have Reece Shearsmith here. Reece has a difficult relationship with small birds and Tarmacadam and has a room in his house where the magic happens. {\an1}CHEERING And Russell Howard. Fantastic to have Russell with us. Russell has never really been in a band...I understand. Yes, yes, yes. {\an1}CHEERING So it's very nice to have you. I wanted to ask you before we do any other talking... It's quite interesting to have you, because you two know each other. You shared a flat together with a couple of other people. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm quite interested in you... Not ignoring you Tiff. That's all right. That's fine. I just wanted to ask about you, Reece, because you met your two mates in The League Of Gentlemen. Yes. Which, if I may blow smoke up your arse, is one of the best comedy shows I've ever seen. Thank you. By a mile. Very sweet of you. I just absolutely love it. ..while you were at college, which I sort of hoped would happen to me. Right. But I didn't meet anyone as clever as you. There wasn't anyone as clever as you. You were looking around for someone. You met those two lads and you started doing that. But when you were in the flat, you two and two other comedians, what my question is, is why does three people like you get together and collaborate and do something all together in one thing, and the four of you all in one flat do four completely individual things? I think it's probably because stand-up is such a selfish sort of medium. Would you agree? What I'd say mainly, you were a functioning alcoholic at that stage. That's not....! Here we go! But in a brilliant way. "Who wants to see one of me shows?" "It's two in the morning. We're gonna go to bed." Well, to be fair... You used to pretend to be Rik Mayall. It was brilliant. Well, some might say I still do. Yeah. But I went into that house teetotal and I'd been free from alcohol for a year and then living with these weasels. One afternoon, someone had cooked a very lovely slow-roast lamb and it demanded a Chardonnay. Did you move in because you knew he was a stand-up and you were one? Yeah, we'd all... What was great... Yeah, we were all sort of at different levels. I'd just started. Richardson had just probably gone full-time. Olver - Mark Olver, another flatmate - who does the warm-up for this show... He's in this very room as we speak. You can smell him. He is very funny, I must say. Yeah, he's a very funny man. And Russell was headlining uni gigs, so there was this nice drip-down effect, where if Russell couldn't do a gig... Did you get cast-off gigs? Well, what would happen is Richardson would get Russell's cast-offs, Olver would get Richardson's cast-offs, then there were probably about ten other people and then me. If none of them could make it. You'd have to watch them ringing round people, "Are you free?" It's like a human centipede of comedy. If Olver had had his way! But did you share a place with Mr Pemberton and Mr Gatiss? I shared a flat with Pemberton, not with Gatiss. Oh, well, actually, for a while, yes, I did with Mark as well. At different times, yeah. And I... When you were at college? After we left college, yeah. I think the thing that saved us was that we didn't try to keep college going after college. You know these people that don't want to let go of it and try and keep the band together, even though you're no longer part of the college and you've left. Did stand-up interest any of you three? No, never. Was it always about writing and character? Yeah, acting and character. We could never do that. When Steve and I lived together, it was a kind of funny time. Quite serious. We got a lot of work done, but I remember one running gag that never... There was no fruition to it, which was a shame. Because in 1994, he wrapped a banana... A pretend shit in a banana peel and glued it and left it on some fruit for whoever may come into our flat and say, "Could I have a banana, please?" And would we would sit and wait and it never came off. Which was annoying. So imagine every day of our lives for about four years... A pretend shit. Yeah, in a banana. Talk me through how he made it. Oh, yes. Well, we peeled it. He was doing it, to start with. So you were in on it as well? Well, I was half in on it. He said, "I'm just doing this thing where I will peel a banana." What happened was, in the end, we abandoned it and unpeeled it for our own amusement and it had gone all soggy, horrible. I had an image of him hunting out for healthy-looking friends. "Do you want a banana?" "Want a banana?" You need more smoothies made in your flat. I know. That would've been it. We didn't have them then - it was '94. No. No-one had a blender. It was all vintage. No such thing then. But you had a funny showbiz start, didn't you? Yeah. My dad managed Wembley stadium, so when I was a kid, that was pretty much my playground. The result is, I'm never sort of that impressed by anything. I was spoilt so much as a child, it was ridiculous. I remember specifically Eurythmics were playing and I'd have these trip-A passes and I'd be skipping around. I was dead cute. I had pigtails. I was adorable. I'll just hold you there. Triple-A pass means Access All Areas. Yeah, trip-A pass. Trip-A, guys. Trip-A. How old were you when you were saying "trip-A"? Oh, could you imagine how precocious that would be? So you'd get them, stick them on and you could sort of go anywhere. But I remember specifically before they went on, Dad took me backstage and Annie was in her dressing room and she was... I thought you were going to say she was in the toilet. Trip-A, so... {\an1}LAUGHTER I've got a banana skin. Oh, yeah, I think you'll find I can do what I like! But she was just so sweet to me. She was in the middle of doing her makeup in her dressing room and I just sat in her lap and she just carried on. I was small enough that it was adorable. If I was 14, 15 and a moody teenager... She probably thought she was having a breakdown, just going, "Triple-A, triple-A! Oh, God, there's a little girl in my room!" You could have had so much fun, just freaking people out. I did. It's very lucky, basically. I would get to sit in the Royal Enclosure to watch things and I remember going to see Wham: The Final and half the members of Spandau Ballet were there. Which half? Which half? Gary or Martin? I think it was Martin and Tony Hadley. Tone. Tone. Tone, as he's known to you, Alan. Great bloke. I know Tone. What year was that, if you don't mind me asking? OK, let's rephrase that. Did you go to the Freddie Mercury Tribute concert? No, I didn't. I think that was past. I think it was sort of... '86. Oh, no. OK... No, that was '91. But you went to Live Aid in '85. Yes, I did. That was good. That was a good performance by Freddie. I hadn't noticed your Freddie T-shirt. My dad's a big fan of Freddie as well. Well, I've spoken to your dad about Freddie. Quite a lot, haven't you? Extensively. I think on probably too many occasions for his liking. What's his best Freddie story? Penis cake. Penis cake. There you go. I think Freddie's 40th birthday at Wembley. And if you're Freddie, you can't just have an innocent-looking gateau. You've got to have a massive dick. The interesting thing... Tinder Cake is actually my brother's Tinder name. I fucked that joke up! I was so excited! I had a little joke in my head. So I forgot... Shit! Tinder Cake's quite sweet. But it's not as funny as penis cake. Now I look like a buffoon! He was a man who just wouldn't want run-of-the-mill stuff. He'd look at a run-of-the-mill cake and say "Not interested. "Unless there's a wang on it, I'm not eating it." "Make it cock-shaped, my darling!" he'd probably say. He'd only eat things that are cock-shaped. So does it look like an actual cock? If you did a double take, you'd go, "Jesus Christ! There's a cock on the table"? It must have been big to serve a lot of people. I don't think it was sort of scale. I must make a mental note, cos I think we might've come across the title for the show - "It must have been big to serve a lot of people." Well, I'm not imagining it... Wasn't like the size of a real penis. It would be erect, not just some horrible shrivelled husk. Standing proud. Slipping into Alan's peccadilloes quite disturbingly! Freddie Mercury ringing up Mr Kipling and asking for an exceedingly big cock. There you go - back in the game! {\an1}CHEERING Exceedingly big cock! Oh, the illness of being a comedian! {\an8}I said, "That's in your mouth, Grandad." "What?!" Can you tell me about your difficult relationship with small birds and Tarmacadam? Well, it's not me, but my mum went out one day to work and told me that this had happened. She was walking along and she spotted in some newly laid Tarmac a little sparrow that had got stuck in it, by its feet and she thought she would rescue it. So she went down, she picked it up. Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, jeez! And pulled it off its legs. ALL: Aww! So she thought... It's all right - it can fly. ..the damage is done. You can get it a couple of little helicopter feet. It can fly, but it can't land. Only on something soft - not on a branch. Like a shark, it'll have to keep moving forever. Exactly that. Just two lollipop sticks. So on the one hand, it's going, "Yes! ..Oh." She tried to balance it back on the legs. Like that was all right. Instantly crippled it and done all this damage and thought, "Oh, actually, I'll put that back." She just put it back and walked on and came back to tell me about it. But exactly, if it took off, it would never land. It's the idea of his mates coming along and he's just slightly at different angle on his legs. "All right, guys?" "Why are your feet backwards?" "Just for a laugh." He could only land on his feet. He has to dock himself like an iPod. Why does that sparrow live there? He has to - his legs are there. It's like those mice when they get trapped on what they call a humane trap, which is where they try to bite their own legs off to get off. No-one calls that a humane trap. A humane trap is the one with the box. Not where their feet are glued and have to chew through their legs. We had an infestation of them in one of our flats, me and my boyfriend, when we shared. Of what? Mice. It got to the point where I got quite attached to them, because I sort of imagined they had personalities, you know? Like in Ratatouille. Yes, so you would have... The Rescuers. One would come out with rollers in her whiskers of a morning, you know, look at the other skirting board - "Have you seen her over there? 47 kids. "None of them have got the same dad. When is she NOT in season?" It was like EastEnders but with mice. So I want to get rid of them but I don't want to kill them, so I say to my very Scottish boyfriend... Which is important if I tell you this story. I said to him, "Can we get rid of the mice? "I don't want to kill them - just set them free somewhere else." He said, "No danger, baby. What you've got to do "is get one of those humane traps. "It's a wee tube. You just put down a little bit of bait. "So you put down a wee bit of shortbread or something." Shortbread? That's very Scottish. I know. It's like, are you trying to catch yourself? You come home and he's got his face in the tube. It's like a cat flap. "There's nothing humane about this!" So he laid down all this bait. What happens is they'll chew that, they'll go in, they tip the tube over and then you drive away and take them down the road, you shake it like a Polaroid picture, which apparently disorientates the mouse, then you let it go and in his words, "It cannae find its way back." So we put, like, six of these traps out and I go to bed feeling quite smug that we've dealt with the mouse problem. And then about 2am, I wake up with this noise... {\an1}SHE SQUEAKS I nudge him and I say, "Babe, wake up." Not now! He's got the full mask on. I've combed my whiskers - come on! Is he eating a mouse? So I say to him, "I think we've caught a mouse." And he says, "It's all right. I'll deal with it." So we've obviously caught the mouse. So he goes off and I'm about to fall back asleep, because about 10 minutes have gone past and he's obviously, you know... And then I'm sort of woken up by this noise. Yes. He comes, gets back in the bed, has the nerve to spoon me. And I say "What happened to the mouse?" And he went "The wee mouse is running away up the road, so he is." I was like, "You're lying." And he went, "The wee bastard nipped me "so I had to beat him to death with my shoe." That's the most Scottish way I've heard a mouse dealt with ever. We had a neighbour who killed squirrels. Sorry, hang on, you what? Had a neighbour that killed squirrels? That killed squirrels. And we met him... Cruel. I used to sit in my living room, doing some work and the squirrels would come and eat the food from the bird feeders. But I didn't mind. It was quite fun watching them. And they'd come about three in the afternoon. They were quite regular. Anyway, one of the neighbours was very elderly and he'd died and there was a bit of a do amongst the neighbours. Sort of a wake affair. Did you not like him? A celebration. Anyway, I'd met this guy and he very proudly killed squirrels. And he would catch them, humanely, in some kind of a trap with bait and then he would take the lid off a barrel that was full to the rim of water. Oh, you're kidding me? No! And just chuck them in and put the lid on and drown them. But was he like a really posh crazy eccentric like those weird guys that have no jobs - "Yes, I'm a squirrel killer"? "If I see one of those blighters in my room..." "What's your actual job?" "Er..." When he talked about it, he was deadly serious. Your hair's quite grey as well, isn't it, Alan? Would you like to come into the hot tub with me, Alan? Wake up! The grey squirrels came over here, didn't they? And took over from the reds, so was it that kind of...? A bit like that. Well, they are legitimate vermin. You are supposed to actually... Are you? Like pigeons flying round? ..get rid of them in the same way that you are as rats. You're meant to try and get rid of them? Yes. You're not allowed to feed them. If you throw aspirin to pigeons, their stomachs explode. Wow! That's an episode of MythBusters I need to see. But not immediately. They fly up, then... Was it your mother who found this out? "He looks like he's got a headache." But it's the idea of them going, "Look at that prick down there - he's got no legs!" Boooommm! I didn't know that. Is that a law? Birds can't fart. How do you know? Really? He's scared a lot of birds. Like that. How do you know that? How do I know that? Yeah. Because of my research. So when you feed them I think aspirin or bicarbonate of soda, the bubbles build up and it's got nowhere to go. Anything soluble with a frothing... Berocca. Berocca. They can't do a Berocca. That's a colourful... That's like a firework. That's why they're all so hungover. Refreshers. Yep. Those popping candy, they hate. Alka-Seltzer. Another one. When that popping candy first came out, I remember giving bits to my grandad in his Robin Reliant. I was about 10. I said, "Try it" and he thought it was raining. He did. "Has it started raining?" I said, "That's in your mouth, Grandad!" "What?!" It's like the perfect reverse of the Werther's Originals. Yes, these explosions in his mouth. So I should say, on the subject of exploding birds, please do not try this at home, with the aspirins. Unless you want a great laugh. Berocca, maybe. No, best not. I remember once I gave a friend of mine, James, a Berocca. He didn't know he had to put them in water, so he went like that. "Got some kick, innit?" He was like the Ready Brek man. It was just falling out of his face. Russell, can you tell me why you've never really been in a band? What do you mean? What's that about? Um, I... You look like you could be in a band. Thanks very much. A sort of boy band, I feel. I started doing stand-up when I was 18 and I didn't tell anyone about it. I only had one job. I worked at the RAC for six months and I sort of told everyone I was in a band. RSC in Stratford? It was the RAC in Bristol. Oh, R-A-C. I see. Yes, RAC. Very different. I thought you meant acting. No, very different. They pull out, they get out, they do... Magical. I'm very sorry. Carry on. Exactly. "I'll be there in half an hour!" But I didn't want to tell anyone I was a stand-up in case, you know, they came to watch me and I was terrible, so I told them I was in a band. Oh! But I kind of got into it a bit, cos I'd be doing gigs and I working part-time, so I'd sort of come in knackered and they're, "Are you all right?" "Yeah, it was a big gig last night." And I would embellish it. I'd smashed a guitar up, you know what I mean? Oh, no. "Bloody mad! We're getting really edgy these days." And I was building this lie up and then just one day, I think I was it was Comic Relief, someone brings a guitar in - "Have a go on that." Yeah, exactly! And I should've just came clean, but I didn't. I sort of tried to go for it. Did you? Yeah. I was really giving it some stick. So it's like catch me while you can? Oh, it was brutal, man. What was the name of the band? I can't remember the name. Did you have a made-up name and everything? I must've done but I can't remember it. But I was just bored and bullshitting, and just answering the occasional call going, "Yeah, your tyres are knackered. They'll be there in a bit." You should have just smashed the guitar, flicked the Vs and walked out like an absolute ledge. It was just weird, because when we were working there, they wouldn't let us read books in between calls. They wanted us to just read stuff about the RAC, so you were better prepared to deal with the emergencies. And my brother was working there as well. John knows my brother. He's an absolute moron. He's lovely, but, yeah, he's an idiot. There was a bloke there called Mr Trotter who rang up and Daniel was like, "Yeaaahhh! Just been down the market stall, have you? "How's Rodney? Waaaahhh!" This bloke's like this, "Look, I'm in real trouble. "My car's broken down, my wife's at home..." "What - Raquel? Waaahhh!" and all this. And he got called in to the manager, who said, "Did you have an altercation with a Mr Trotter earlier?" My brother's like, "No, don't know what you're talking about." And they played the entire tape. {\an8}So could we say you created your own plankton? {\an8}Ewww...yes. {\an8}How is THAT the gross part of the story?! Can you tell me about the burden of clothing? Well... And why you perform better without it? Well, I think... Are we allowed to tell the story of what you did? It's such a funny thing. It was real sexual, sort of... Are we allowed? Oh, God, if my mum's yoga group are watching, then...turn off now. So... So me and Jon Richardson were sat on the beach. And Jon, who is probably the most sexually dynamic out of the three of us... Go on. Well, we went to this beach and I think it's fair to say I'd had quite a relatively sheltered adolescence. I had never experienced a nude Spanish beach before and was quite overcome. He does have a gift for it, doesn't he? Oh, wait. It gets extraordinary. Imagine Jim Carrey in The Mask, where he's going... It was like that. He was all over the shop. I was kind of aware of the concept of a nude beach, but as a child of the dial-up internet generation, I'd just no idea what it was like to be a part of one. And I was, you know, made up. I remember he said very loudly, "Fuck me!" And we knew. We knew something was afoot. These two cats were just drinking their sangrias, fine with it. You've invented that! The idea that you're going, "Phwoarr!" and we're going "More sangria. Oh, I'm so tired of flange." Were you all in the nude? No. Well, tops off. We had tops off, but, you know... We had tanga briefs or Speedos, depending on your choice, and one of us had binoculars. You didn't need binoculars - that was the thing. They'd be sat there and you're like... "This is free? Is it? "I'm not going to get arrested? This is what you do? "You disgusting perverts!" And so it got to the point where I couldn't... Get it up? Well, get it down was the problem. One or the other, wasn't it? So this is what happens. So he's clearly restless and a bit, you know, all over the shop. Were you face down in the sand? Exactly! there's probably some lifeguard going, "Some kids have been playing Swingball here." If your mum had picked me off the Tarmac, it would've stayed behind. But he didn't tell any of this. It was all with eyes and lots of... And then he just left. He just strode out...to the sea and he swam out really far. Like Reggie Perrin! He was gone for about 15 minutes and me and John were like, "There you go. That just happened." Nobody quite knows what that was about and then he came back and was calm. Did it cool your ardour? Well, no. Tell everyone what you'd done out at... Oh, no! Oh, no. Yeah, he'd swam out to sea and then on his back, like a dirty otter... No, no, no, no! Not on my back. "I'm not an animal!" I am a human being. On my tiptoes with the water up to about here, so as not to... The last thing you want to be is rescued in that state. No, the last thing you want to do is drown. So using one, you know... Hand. To steady myself, buoyancy-wise... Yeah, he came back like a wonky Popeye. He'd been out there for ages. So could we say you created your own plankton? Eww! How is THAT the gross part of the story?! It's so weird where the line is in these things. Somewhere there's a half-whale, half-me. I came back to the beach... A different man. ..a different man, and they said, "What have you done?" You didn't tell us straight away. You were acting like it was all normal, like, "It's just girls. It's fine. Let's all hang out." Then you sort of 'fessed up what you'd been doing. And I said it was either that or kill myself. That was the line. That was the line. Let's talk to Reece, because I, in common with all the audience, are intrigued by the room in the house "where the magic happens". All it is, I've got a... I like magic. And rather than have it all around the house, I've designated it upstairs to the attic, where I have a room which has a secret door to it. So there's a bookcase and you take the top of the banister off, you press a button and the door opens... Shazam! ..and you go into the magic room. Yes, nice. That was a beautiful noise. Did you hear that? Thank you, everyone. Like proper Bedknobs And Broomsticks. Literally. Or if you don't want to use the remote, you can... On the shelves of the bookcase, there is a Nefertiti head and you can put the candle back. And when the police come, do they just knock it down? They don't know anything about it. I get in there and I'm just there hiding. That's the genius! Is it like a pump in a pub? It's literally like that. And that opens the door? Yes. That opens the door with a sort of hydraulic thing? It latches from the other side. Anyway, so in that room, there is lots of magic stuff and lots of horrible mummified werewolves and heads and babies and dead things. Babies? people may worry about that. Not real ones. Has your mum been up there? There's the rest of the body of that bird. There's lots of little things. All things that if the children's friends come round, they don't see them and aren't traumatised. Does it say that on the party invite? And Social Services are not called, like last time. Do the children know how to get in? Yes, they do. But a few years ago, I acquired... Because all my life I'd wanted a Zigzag Lady. Which is a big box trick. It was invented by Robert Harbin. It's a brilliant illusion where a lady goes into an upright cabinet. It's got her picture on the front and you slice her into three and you push the middle out. It's brilliant. And I've always, since I was little, want to know how that worked and ultimately own one. And a few years ago, Andy Nyman, my friend who is also a magician, told me someone was selling their Zigzag Lady, so I bought it. And I went and bought it and I brought it back to the house, took it upstairs and put it in the magic room. It was brilliant. Can I ask you, do you have to be in the Magic Circle to buy one of those things? No, I didn't. No, I'm not. Not in the Magic Circle? No. I've been tempted to, but I was just able to buy it by knowing the man. He grilled me about it. He was like, "You are going to treat the box with respect, aren't you?" My wife for many years and I toured with this. There was a history to it, so I felt it was quite a prestigious hand-me-down. Did he have to show you how to work it? I knew by then, but he showed me it, yes. So anyway, I went upstairs, put it in the room. And then it was just delicious, playing with it, because I was finally able to think, "This is fantastic! This is the Zigzag Lady!" I got my wife to go in it. But then, one day... Just snuck that through. One day, very early on in the excitement of having it... My two little children were very small. They were about... Now they're a third smaller. Three and five. I went in the Zigzag Lady and I shut it and I couldn't get out. And the children were on the floor in front of it with the blades. Oh, my...! In the attic, with all the stairs to tumble down. And I was trapped in the Zigzag Lady, head through, one hand with a tissue... Oh, my God! ..and my foot out. I'm going, "Could you...? Right, do see the lock?" They were too little to understand it and they started to wander like Linus down the stairs. I didn't want to push it, cos I don't want to break it. I was more bothered about destroying the Zigzag Lady than my children falling down the stairs. But I did have to slightly break it to get out of it, and it was really annoying, but I did have to save my children, so... That's my Zigzag Lady story. Were you able to repair it? Yes, it's fine. The handle on the door that shows the stomach... Don't tell us how it works! No, as if I would do that! There's a little handle that opens up and you see the stomach through when you push the middle to the side. And that had somehow gone back on itself and jammed the whole door from opening. I couldn't get out. The Zigzag Lady sounds like a cocktail especially for aunties, isn't it? "I'll have a Zigzag Lady." "Look what happens after a couple of these!" But if you're in your room and anything happened to you and no-one knew about the Nefertiti doodah, how would...? No-one would know. I've got other family members that know about it. They would say, "He's probably up there". He'd be in the panic room. Or they'd leave me to mummify. Yeah! Are you into Egyptology? I get the sense that you are. I'm not. That's just a by-product. The Nefertiti head is just a one-off. And the mummified...? There's a few mummified things. And the big pyramids you built in your garden. Yeah, there's that. Do you do any close-up? Are you good? Can you do stuff? I'm quite good at some things, yeah. It depends. I've not got anything on me now. A bit of sleight of hand and card manipulation? Yeah, yeah. The terrible thing is I did a few children's parties and they are the most unforgiving. They just get up and leave. They just go, "What's that? What's that, Mister?" Adults won't do it, cos they're polite. "You can see it up your sleeve!" Yeah, they just say it as it is and you want to smack them. Can you tell me when or how or why you were put to sleep because of your troublesome tongue? Basically, I'd got this lump on my tongue. It appeared overnight. So I woke up one morning, there was a lump, so I went to go and see my GP. Are we talking about, like, a pea size? No, it was like the size of a lozenge. Ooh! It was kind of about that big, yeah. like a Tune? Like a Tune. It wasn't square. It was more like a Strepsil. OK. Yeah, a red Strepsil. Overnight? Yeah, overnight. It just appeared, this lump. Where? I'll show you the scar in a minute. Basically, this lump appeared. I went to the GP and I said, "I've got this lump on my tongue." You didn't say it like that, did you? What? MUFFLED: "I've got a lump on my tongue." I went, "Lick it!" I said, "I've got this lump. It's appeared overnight." And he said, "I think it's thrush," and I went, "Eugh!" Because I'm a grown-up. And then he said, "Look, put this paste on it. "Go away for two weeks." Just leave me alone, basically. "If it hasn't gone, then come back and see me "and I'll have a look at it again." So I put this paste on for two weeks. Don't trust myself to do it properly, so I did it for another two weeks, come back, the lump's still there. He's like, "Actually, no, I think that is some kind of cyst, "so we'll just get the local surgeon in to pop that." He comes in and goes, "I'm not just popping it. It could be vascular, "it could be blood-filled. I don't know what it is." The GP goes, "Actually, no, I think it's some kind of ulcerated nodule. "Do some blood tests. Come back in six weeks." I do the blood tests, come back six weeks later and he says to me, "Miss Stevenson, we can confirm it's definitely a lump." The wonders of medical science. Yeah! So at this point, I say, "Can I see a specialist?" So he sends me out to Chase Farm Hospital in Enfield. So this guy looks at it. Straight away, he diagnoses it. He went, "It's a polycystic granuloma." He was from Bolton. He was brilliant. He said, "I'm not going to lie to you, love - "it's the biggest one I've ever seen on a tongue." And I went, "Brilliant!" I feel pretty happy. And he went, "We are going to have to remove it. "It's going to be under general anaesthetic, "but because of the size of it, there might be some associated risk. "It may affect your speech." At which point, of course, you panic, cos we're performers - we talk for a living. Then he said this. "There's also the possibility you may lose taste entirely," to which I said, "Mate, have you seen my wardrobe?" I've got a lot of leopard print in it. I'm not going to lie. So basically, I have to have an operation to remove this... I don't know if anyone's had a cyst or anything like that removed before. They put you under a general anaesthetic. Which is absolutely terrifying, isn't it? Yes, yes. Some creepy guy in a gown going, "You're going to sleep now!" But it really is that thing when you kind of think, "Don't let me die!" and then, "Oh, I'm dead." And then you're awake. You know, it's terrifying. Have you had that thing where they tell you to count backwards? I had my appendix out, and was like, "I can do this." I wanted to get as far into it as I could. "You won't get to 12." "One, two..." You wake up and go, "Three, four!" Carrying on the game, you do a set-up before you go to sleep and then the punchline when you wake up in the recovery ward. Yeah, but you have no ability, because after general anaesthetic, you're an absolute lunatic. Yeah, this happened in the recovery room. As I was coming around, I could hear the strains on the radio. This was so weird, right, cos I was like, "Am I imagining this?" This advert came on for this TV show that I'd done, a show with John Bishop, and I can hear an advert for it on the radio. And I tried to tell the nurse. I went... {\an1}SHE GIBBERS And she came over and pressed my morphine drip down full. And then I said, "I'm famous!" That's the best review you can have - free morphine. And she's like, "Everyone's famous on morphine, love." John Bishop's voice must've sounded extraordinary when you were kind of just going, "It's going to be absolutely brilliant - "it's got Tiffany Stevenson in it. I think I'm dead." Has anyone been recognised as they've gone under anaesthetic? Yeah. The head surgeon of the Royal Free who did my appendix was a big League Of Gentlemen fan. Wow! So he's done it brilliantly. "You're my wife now!" It's really small, the cut. He took his time. Took his time. He did it really well for me. He could've really shafted you by going, "I'm a big fan of the veterinarian character, you know." It's not the same thing, Doctor! My brother's appendix burst in Thailand and we had no travel insurance, so I had to pay for him to get it fixed. And you'd think he'd say, "Thanks for that." Yeah. But what happened... He was in a wheelchair and a week later, we were wheeling him in this hotel. We're in the lift going up and these people sort of recognised me, but it was all quite quiet. My brother could tell this. He was in the wheelchair and he started pretending that he was heavily disabled and was kind of shaking like that and I'm getting so angry and so... Like that. And he's really going for it and we get outside of the lift and I punched him in the face. But there were people outside the lift who hadn't seen what had happened, right? All they'd seen was a bloke they recognised off telly run up to a man in a wheelchair, punch him and say, "What is wrong with you?!" It was just one of these horrendous moments. {\an8}Hang on! You also rang me up and said, {\an8}"Should I throw my laptop in the river?" {\an8}And, to be fair, you said, "Absolutely!" Yeah. My girlfriend is...great. A red light appeared there. And I love her very much and she's been away. Actually, she's been away in Melbourne for a month and how understanding of her is this? She got back today after a month. I told her I was going to pick her up. The wonderful people at this show asked me to do the show. I said, "Of course I will." She got a taxi back from the airport and I saw her for three and a half minutes and then had to leave to come here. So I'm very excited about going back to her. And she's doing that wonderful thing where she's understanding, but livid in the eyes. Anyway, while she was out in Melbourne... Another thing you need to know about my girlfriend is she refuses to get an iPhone, because she's a renegade. She's absolutely right, by the way. Oh, she's throwing it to the system, Alan, I don't mind saying. And the particular nature of her protest is to have an iPod Touch and a five-year-old Nokia. Do you know what? Everyone wants a five-year-old Nokia now. Everyone you meet goes, "Best phone I had was that old Nokia." So she's got that. "Blinding. Battery never ran out." So anyway, she's got these two things which together would make an iPhone, but because she doesn't want an iPhone, she's got the two logistically complex things to operate. So she can only check the internet if it's got wifi, but the system works, because if she hasn't got wifi, she just uses my iPhone, which she only needs to do 30 to 40 times, a day so it suits us both. Anyway, I wake up... She's been away in Melbourne for two weeks. ..to receive a text from her which said, and I quote, "I must have forgot to sign myself out of Google on your iPhone." And then she moves into capital letters... "BECAUSE I CAN SEE EVERYTHING YOU'VE SEARCHED FOR!" Oh, my God! Holy fucking shit! That was the first thing he looked at. That was it. Straight in Google, and there is actually Jesus in a turd. And also, my laptop had sort of died, because I updated the thing and that had hung, so I'm basically being strung up by technology I haven't asked for. But hang on. You also rang me up and said, "Should I throw my laptop in the river?" And, to be fair, you said, "Absolutely!" Yeah, burn it. So anyway, I'm on Skype text with her. She's kind of... I'm sweating. I've managed to get into the Google history that's she's able to access and which is now our "shared" Google history, which is fucking horrific, and I'm thinking, "Why have Google even got... I didn't... "Get out of my house! I didn't ask you!" They're in your house. Fuck off, Google! They're in everyone's house. Can I issue a word of warning too? And when I say this happened to a friend of mine, this did actually happen to a friend of mine. It didn't happen to me and I'm pretending. She had a bit of a fling on a job with a bloke in another country. They took some photos of each other in some compromising positions while they were connected to wifi. And those photos went directly from her phone into her Cloud and were therefore immediately visible on her home computer. Oh, no! No, actually, it was on HIS home computer and were therefore seen by his partner. So try to be careful. If you are taking compromising photos, make sure you've turned the wifi off and the 3G off and you're not connecting to the Cloud. But they didn't realise they'd gone into the Cloud. They thought somehow that their phone had been hacked and they were paranoid that some private detective was after them. On a Saturday, I have a radio show with my friend Elis, who is also a comedian and been on this show. On XFM, and we asked people to text in with their times where technology had let them down. This woman found out her husband was cheating on her when she pressed control+V on her computer... That is the "copy" shortcut. forgotten to take it off the copy/paste thing. So she was sort of coming up with a Word document and she pressed it and it was like, "Hi, I'm Michael. I'm into Thai food and long walks." I thought you said Typhoo there. That's not very appealing, is it? "I'm into traditional tea brands." Well, listen, people, we really... I have to draw you together now to try and think of a title for this show. Oh, my God. Thank you for your splendid tales. The one I particularly liked was your description of John being "like a dirty otter". Not the name of the show, Alan! And I also quite liked, "It must have been big to serve a lot of people." "He had the nerve to spoon me." That's good. That's quite good. That sounds like a...like a... A B-movie! Yeah, right. "He had the nerve to spoon me." It's the first autobiography, volume one. Chapter one, yeah. Or something about Nefertiti's head as well? That would be quite nice. Nefertiti's head isn't bad. Or how about, "Daddy's stuck in the trick!" "She tried to pop it back on its legs." That sparrow's still flying somewhere! It doesn't matter - he can't fly. That's not bad. How about that? "Is that sparrow ever gonna land?" "Did you make your own plankton?" {\an1}LAUGHTER See, it got more the second time round! That is a grower. A bit like John. Well, ladies and gentlemen, please will you thank all my guests this evening - Tiffany Stevenson, John Robins, Reece Shearsmith and Russell Howard. And you have been watching It Must Have Been Big To Serve A Lot Of People. Thank you very much. Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 