Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s1e3 - The Bringer of Spiders - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Bringer of Spiders - full transcript 
 QI favourite Alan Davies invites four of his fellow comics to join him for an hilariously unscripted chat. With Bob Mortimer, Marcus Brigstocke, Katherine Ryan and Jon Robins. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Er, I'm actually a mate of Alan's. He said this'd be cool. Has it got a lockable toilet? Excellent! What's my secret to keeping the boys in line? They witness the fitness. Witness it. In here to do my pull-ups. I would like to take this opportunity to formally deny all the charges against me. I'm entirely unprepared. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Hello, I'm Alan Davies and welcome to As Yet Untitled. Now, tonight I will have four guests with no preparation, no script, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 no rehearsal, no clue, actually, what they're about to talk about. And, by the end of the evening's conversation we will, hopefully, have come up with an appropriate mantle for the show, which will become the show's title. So, without further ado, please welcome our guests. CHEERING Hello, hello. So, it's so nice to see you all. First of all, I have a former podium dancer and oil rig worker, Marcus Brigstocke, is here with us. CHEERING I have a man who once got so nervous on stage, that one of his balls retracted into his body. LAUGHTER John Robins is here with us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 CHEERING And the woman who was once stalked by an inflatophiliac. Yes. Katherine Ryan is with us. CHEERING And lastly, I'm absolutely delighted and thrilled to have with us a man who has an unusually uniquely high arse. Bob Mortimer. CHEERING So where to begin, really, from this smorgasbord of odd anecdotes? I cannot believe, for a start, that you were a podium dancer... How dare you? ..at any point in your life. I know, it's just... Cos when you said podium dancer and oil rig worker... Yeah. ..it's important to say, like, I didn't dance on an oil rig. LAUGHTER They don't have those. Were you in an oil rig worker's outfit at any point...? No. ..on the podium? No. What was your outfit? I wish I were... It was the early '90s and it was, sort of, quite high-waisted, black, quite voluminous trousers and then, often, a waistcoat with nothing underneath and... basically, Aladdin. Aladdin was roughly it. So nothing, you know, like... I wasn't naked or anything. Was the intent sexual? Whose? I worked at Ministry of Sound, Equinox, Limelight and Hammersmith Ballet and it was just... These are all... Katherine's from Canada, by the way, and I should, these are all discos. Yeah. These are all discos? LAUGHTER They're... they are discos. They're all discos. You know, the standard, with a lit-up floor and they had music playing often and I just used to get up on a podium and dance. Was the idea that you would attract people towards you or was the idea to repel them to the bar? That was to drive people towards the bar, yeah. "Cor, look at the state of that, I need a drink. "Do you want a drink?" The idea was to excite the crowd. So, maybe, it was partly sexual. Were you buff? Were you down the gym? Were you fit as a fiddle? I wasn't, sort of, cut, you know, but I was what I call dance-fit Alan. I was lithe, yeah. Were you scouted for any other dance work? Perhaps as a videhoe or...? A videhoe? Yeah, it's these lovely ladies who dance in the background and mostly underneath rappers. I've seen them. Yeah, and you were never spotted? No, although I did dance on TV in Canada. We have TV in Canada?! LAUGHTER Yeah, yeah. Where did you dance? Was it Electric Circus? Yes, it was. That's exactly what it was called. Shut up. You were there. I don't believe this. LAUGHTER I was not going to remember that. I was a dancer on Electric Circus. Come on?! Yes. Wow. Yes. The rest of you, go away. This is... No, all of you. Are you serious? Yeah. Wow! And OK, Electric Circus. What year? Cos it probably... Yeah, like, really early '90s. '92... No, that would have been very illegal if I'd been there. Um... I spent a summer in Canada and I'd obviously ran out of things to do very quickly. Not being of the hunting-fishing type? No, not so much. And yeah, so I went down to Electric Circus and said... Where was this? What town was this? OK. Electric Circus. It's in Toronto and there was not MTV in Canada for a while, we had something called MuchMusic. There is MTV there now. We've JUST caught up. But MuchMusic is great, it's real Canadian content, like Canadian-funded music station. Lot of Corey Hart. A lot of Corey Hart and there's a... This is now just a totally different language. There's a Friday night channel, or programme on the network, called Electric Circus and it's just dancing in a room. And if you're very good, you get a podium. And if you're not so good, you just dance around the podium on the floor. You get a bucket. I hate to tell you, but there was not a lot of pornography, then. So it's the show that young men would watch late at night and go, "Ahh." Hit Man And Her. Do you remember The Hit Man and Her? I do remember The Hit Man And Her, yeah. Michaela Strachan. Pete Waterman. Mainly Michaela Strachan, for me. LAUGHTER In terms of a porn substitute... Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. ..Pete Waterman's not cutting it. But Pete was always there, looking through a crack in the curtain, wasn't he? What was your dance style, Marcus? Was it urgent or...? It was very urgent. It was very urgent. And it was very big. It was very expansive. Lot of arms? It involved a lot of arms. Did you ever try out jokes in-between? Kind of going... "Rhythm is a dancer, coming at ya... "Now, you know the thing about the tube is..." Yeah, no, it was all... Is there a crossover between your dance life and your stand-up comedy life? No, no it was all pre-stand-up. At that time, I was like madly into comedy. Uh, this could turn the conversation awkward, but mostly into you and Vic. I was mad keen on the two of you, obsessed and actually... You've put that in the past tense. Yeah. I did tell you it'd get awkward. He's a working comic. Are you still, are you still..? Well... Oh, that is absolutely wonderful. Well, thank you. Never mind all the dancing... It's youngsters like you, that remember us, that keep us going. That's right, that's right. That's great. Where? What sort of stuff? I should say, as well, I should declare a love for Bob's work at this point. And current work, too. But I remember going down to... Brace yourselves, young people, but I'm going back to the '80s. ..to the Greyhound in Sydenham. Wow. And Vic was on stage and you were in the corner, at a table, with some other people, giggling constantly and then Vic would join you between acts or at the interval or whatever and bits of paper would be passed around and then you'd go back on. Anyway, I went back six months later and you were on stage and Vic was singing a lot and then he'd fall down and he'd say, "Bob, I've fallen." And you'd say, "Are you all right, Vic, can you get up?" Yeah. And everyone was falling about and I thought, "What's going on?" And then you did a quiz in which the prize was a five-litre container that had some fluid in, at some point, filled with potatoes, with a biro Sellotaped to the side. Yeah, well, it ain't bad. A good prize. That is a good, decent prize. I mean, if it was Potato Friday, especially. And at some point, he'd turn to the audience and say, "What's the score?" And the whole pub, which was packed, said, "One all." Yes. "It's not one all, why do they know that?" And then you said, "What does that mean?" And they all went, "Tie-breaker!" At that point, I thought, "These two are on to something." We used to... It's nothing to be proud of, but we used to... If an act wasn't going down very well, we used to throw our shoes at them. That's like an Iraqi thing, isn't it? Yeah. And there's a few people I occasionally meet now, who were on the circuit, then, that still remember being shoed at the Greyhound in Sydenham. But Bob, we must draw attention to your uniquely high arse and could you perhaps explain what that involves? Well, it's as it says, it's a, um... the hole, put it that way, is much higher than is... acceptable is not the word, but usual. LAUGHTER It's like a... It's not as high as an elephant's eye... Sure. Don't get me wrong. That would be... That would be too high. Yeah, much too high. So, it's in... it's in the correct area, but if you poked your finger, thinking, "There", you'll go, "Higher, higher!" LAUGHTER Are you able to use a normal, you know, normal facilities or do you have one with like a... ..like an arc. Like a urinal? Yeah, a poo...a poo-rinal... LAUGHTER I suppose it would be. No, so if I was to do it the way normal people...normal? Well, the normal-arsed people... By normal people, you mean everyone else. Yes, the un-anally challenged and all that thing. Then there would be problems with it hitting the seat. I see, yes. Cos you'd fire over the bowl? Alan... Jesus, Alan, it's not that high! I wouldn't miss it. It's not below the belt, that's what I know. It's not going to land on the top of the cistern, is what you're saying? It would if I was stood. If I was... Well, no, Jesus, I'd have... No. You're talking about actually projecting it up. No, I'm not going to claim that. So, no, to cut a long story short, it's not a problem in my life, cos I just reverse my positioning, because the bowls are egg-shaped and the pointy end's at the front. So I sit facing the cistern and, in that way... No, no! Yeah. And in that way, I have no problem. So do you have to take one trouser leg off, then, completely? It's Sherlock. My arse is normal. Lock me up. Tell me about... I once had a... Sorry, go on. Well, I gave myself a terrible fright on the toilet once. It was late at night and we had a very loud fan, like, one of those fans that comes on as soon as you turn the light on. Oh, I thought you meant, like, a punter. "Yeah, he's on the loo again! "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!" Selling lollipops and aftershave in the toilet. And so, I went in with the light off. And sat down to do a wee, cos obviously aiming was an issue. And you realised you and Bob were back-to-back. And we had a cuddle. And I'd left the toilet and, as I was walking away from the toilet, I felt this, like, water sensation down my legs and I remembered a story about a goalkeeper who broke his back and he said all he could feel was like his legs were in water. And I was terrified, cos I thought "Well, it was a regulatory wee." I hadn't taken a run up. I was really worried and so I came out turned on the main light and my dressing gown cord had dipped into the toilet. LAUGHTER So, it had just been dripping all down my leg, which is embarrassing, but less, sort of, worrying, medically. Talking of dressing gowns reminds me of, like, burnt cock on AGA. Anyone had that experience? Is that a band? Anyway, no, it's just a passing thought. Burnt cock on AGA? Yeah. You approached the AGA to make toast or something... Yeah, cos you're at your most relaxed when you're stirring porridge, aren't you? That's scientific. Yes. And so it opens up and... Next thing you know. Next thing you know, cock on AGA. Is the front of an AGA hot? Oh, yeah, red hot. Oh, well, that's bad design. LAUGHTER It's got fire in it. It's a bad design for men with cocks. As opposed to those without. Are you familiar with the AGA, Katherine? Are we losing you with the AGA? I'm familiar with cocks. LAUGHTER I just followed that bit of the story. Yes, someone bring a spoon! I want my money! Mate, what is wrong with your balls? Tell me about this, now. I've got it written down. Tell me about this inflatophiliac, what does that...? Inflatophiliac, is it? Yeah, I wish that I did not know what inflatophiliac was, but sadly I do, sir. Uh, I was waitressing and the restaurant where I worked, you had to wear stockings and a man called the restaurant and he sounded like he had a radio voice. I'm not a complete idiot, I know what a radio voice sounds like. He said, "If you girls can figure out a way to inflate your stockings, "I'll give you $100!" And he had this name from a local radio station and I thought, "This is my lucky day." That was a lot of money, then. And our manager said "Don't do it. It's dodgy." I said, "There's nothing dodgy about inflating your stockings. "Sounds like a fine way to spend an afternoon." So I gave him my mobile number and my flatmates and I all got together and we realised that if you put clear bin bags down your stockings uninflated all the way to the toe and then the top sticks out here, that you can use a bicycle pump and inflate it and then you look crazy, like a big balloon man. Completely not sexual... we thought. So, I sent him photos and um... LAUGHTER Oh, my word. And we rang and he said, "They're great, but we need more for the radio challenge." We did more. He had us going on excursions out to petrol stations. He wanted us doing it just in different locations. And we did it, cos each time, we'd get $100 and then the money never came... LAUGHTER He did, though. And that's... He would ring at midnight and say, "For the radio challenge, "we need you to speak to each other "as though you're inflating each other." And like, "Oh, Cindy, I'm flying up to the ceiling, "I might pop at any minute. "You're getting so big." Still not sexual. That's...alright. LAUGHTER Did you never think to tune into the radio station? Well... There's so many points at which you could have thought, "I smell a rat here." What sort of a place were you working at at this time? Well, it was Hooters. So... Hooters is quite tame, so I went down to the radio station with Cindy... Oh, really? And we demanded our winnings. And the lady laughed us out. She said, "Girls, this is this known sexual predator..." Were you...? Sorry... When you went down to claim your winnings, were you fully...? LAUGHTER Struggling with the revolving door. Had you got in? Your friend was holding you by a string. "I want my money!" Well, see, we got one up on him. The police wouldn't do anything, the radio station wouldn't do anything and I said, "I've had enough of being pushed around by this guy." So, we wrote him an e-mail. By this time he knew where we lived cos he was meant to have sent the money. We were, kind of, afraid, but we just said, "You'll pay us all the money we worked for." Our pictures were on websites. We Googled what the lady told us, inflatophilia. It's big. Are those photos still... Oh, no, I'm not bothered, um... Could you still access them? Listen, I'll go down to a petrol station with you, we'll take a few. Um... He's a known sexual predator, that's what they said. And why a petrol station? Because they have a... Pumps. ..pumps to do tyres. pressure air, of course. Oh, the dream! Of course! LAUGHTER You get that little sign that says, "Do not use these on inflatable boats, bikes or women." LAUGHTER Yeah, and he ended up paying us. He sent the money. Oh, fair play. Oh, well, all right. He sounds like a decent enough bloke, now. LAUGHTER But it's not over. I did a charity dance for Comic Relief and I had an inflating bum. Ten years later, I'd forgotten about him, but he had not forgotten about me. Oh, my lord. So, he's around. Not to want to be the third super-fan, but you and Vic did a sketch where you had inflatable boobs and bum. Yeah, so I think we've all got a little bit of it in us. We've tried to harness it for positive reasons, for a comedy show. Maybe it IS you! Can you tell me about your ball? Yes, I've one cowardly testicle. Let's say reluctant. Let's say reluctant. OK, let's say reluctant. Let's say French. Yeah. LAUGHTER One ball, one boule. So anyway, I was doing a late-night gig in Edinburgh. Everyone's boozed up and it's crazy and mad and I don't really have much time for that, which makes what happened equally depressing. In this show, in the middle, you're meant to have one person who can plug their show for a minute, as long as they're totally naked. And I was compering and that person didn't turn up, so I went on stage in from of about 350 people and I just said without thinking, "Oh, the naked promo's not here tonight, "so no-one's going to be getting their clothes off on stage." Immediately, in unison, they start shouting, "Off! Off! Off!" Now, usually as a comedian, when you hear that, it's bad news. So I said, "No, of course, I'm not." But they kept chanting and there's something about when people chant, in your head you think, "Oh, fuck, this is going to happen, isn't it?" LAUGHTER So I said, "OK, I'll do it. "But if I do it, you have to support me "and go properly mental..." And shut your eyes. "And shut your eyes." So, I went behind a curtain to, sort of, prep myself and... Sorry, I'm... LAUGHTER Little bit more about the prep. Well, let's just say there's... Is there a machine involved? No, it was on the blink. There's nothing bleaker than a man trying to slap an extra millimetre out of himself. LAUGHTER I was, kind of, like, "Come on! Now is the time to shine! "Come on, The Fonz!" So anyway, I got the crowd to do a countdown. So, 300 people go, "5..." And I start to think this could be, this could go viral. This could be my rock'n'roll moment! You know, this could be, this could be a thing on the BBC website. LAUGHTER It's not often you're stood naked while people shout at you, looking down at your penis, thinking, "This could go viral." And that that's a good thing. So, I come out on stage, kind of... there's an immediate, kind of, "Whaaayy!" and then, I get to the front and the first thing I see is 300 camera phones... Of course. ..like that, which I just had not thought and the second thing was stunned silence and I'm looking around thinking, "I didn't just dream the bit "where you asked me to take my clothes off, did I?" And then a guy in the front row breaks that silence and just goes, "Mate... "what is wrong with your balls?" LAUGHTER And I just... To my knowledge, absolutely nothing. They've had the prep of their life. And I looked down. Now, I've found out since then that this happens in the animal kingdom. A guy at Bristol Zoo informed me that, when kangaroos fight... Which is after it'd gone viral. The zoo got in touch. So, when kangaroo's fight, in order to protect their virility, they retract their testicles. They have a massive ball sack, the red kangaroo. Massive, massive. Absolute humdinger. And, um... So I... Just overly prepped. LAUGHTER I tell you what, they couldn't make porridge on an AGA, could they? Terrible! So, yeah, I looked down and for the first and only time in my life, I'd gone half roo. Potsie, the cowardly fucker, had gone back up in there... LAUGHTER ..leaving Ralph Malph outside, to fend off any potential attackers. But... I love that you've completed, by the way, having referred to your penis as The Fonz earlier. None of us picked up on it, but all registered it, I think. And that you've completed that with Potsie and Ralph. You don't want to go to Arnold's Drive-In. I was going to say. I was going to say before... That does require quite a good knowledge of the set of Happy Days. For people to notice from the audience, can I ask... was the one good one incredibly low? Well, obviously there was an awful lot of slack in the housing. LAUGHTER So he'd taken up that slack. So it...it must have looked like a second member. It explains the silence, anyway. Yeah, yeah. And also the bafflement, cos they were all pissed and it was, like, suddenly, they all sobered up and the phones went down, as if to say, "Not now, guys. Not now." Yeah, it wouldn't be right. Yeah. I may have a useful contribution to the ball...losing balls. I... When I was very young, I don't know if you remember when football goalposts had the hooks on the back? Oh, yes. To put the net on. I slid down one. AUDIENCE GASPS Opened up my ball sack. KATHERINE: No! And the ball came out. Oh, you son of a bitch! MARCUS: Heavens above. Heavens above, indeed. Right out? That's it, he's gone again. LAUGHTER Have they gone in? He's gone in. You've scared him. Mine have. They're really odd. They're on a long string. Oh, wow! Did you see it? Yeah! You must have just thrown up immediately. Cos the sight of that... I was so young, I have no... I remember the ambulance coming over the field and they're putting me bollock in a little stretcher. Its own little hammock. Like an egg and spoon race. KATHERINE: No... Yeah, someone bring a spoon. No, teaspoon! Ladle! They love that, the other oil chaps. Every time I went to a cloakroom. If I ever won, he'd kick the shit out of me. Now, you worked on an oil rig? I did, yeah. An actual, in the North Sea, oil rig? Yeah. Well, what they do is, they bring the rigs into the firths on the north-east coast of Scotland to repair them when they're all knackered. You're not from there, are you? Where did you grow up? Well, Home Counties, really, but my father knew the chap who owned the oil company. LAUGHTER Which is a, uh... It's a very popular way of getting a job on a rig. They love that, the other oil chaps(!) LAUGHTER It's terrible. Really, really terrible. Can I ask you one or two little questions, like...? Please, yeah. How many people work on it? Uh, when they're at full stretch, sort of, between 80 and 120. Plus one dancer. And one dancer. And always one dancer, yeah, yeah. Sometimes two if, you know... but then there's no bedding for the choreographer, then. And when I was working on the rig, part of the challenge for me was I felt it was important to conceal from the other men that I was a dancer. LAUGHTER I tell you what would be fabulous, Marcus, is if they did the exploration, they've drawn a blank, sad faces everywhere and you would say, "I'll just try this one thing." And you've gone on the deck and danced. And, then, the oil...! And I throw my head back... LAUGHTER And then off the rig, when did you get into stand-up comedy? What, mid-twenties or something? Oh, a couple of years after that, yeah. I tried to, uh... I had an audition for, like, a proper...a proper drama school and just assumed that I would get in. Cos that's the sort of posh that I am, you know. Just entitled. LAUGHTER So when I tried to get into drama school, didn't get in and then I was gutted and a mate of mine said, "Oh, but you're really funny. "You should do stand up." And then he booked a gig. See, things just happen for me. He booked a gig for me the next week and, uh, that was it. Then, like, I've never wanted to do anything else. Bob, you were totally different, because you did all kinds of different jobs. Mmm, well, yeah a few. You started out living up in Middlesbrough, working as a binman, were you not? And all sorts. Why did you go and do...? It started as one of those summer jobs, but I just thought... I loved the job, so I just stayed there for about a year and a half. Cos, you know, there were... You finish very early. Didn't work on Fridays. You pretended to work on Fridays, but you didn't. I remember, there was one fella, he, like, really took to me. He'd keep me quite close to him all the time. And if we were, what they call... Whipping out a road is where you used to bring the old-fashioned bins out, that little skill of making it go forwards. Anyway, so he would... If ever there was a shop towards the end of the road, he'd say, "The first one to whip "them out by the shop buys the other one... "gets cakes from the other one." But he made it quite clear that if I ever won, he'd kick the shit out of me. I used to work in a warehouse for a mail-order company and it was made up of a mixture of people who'd worked there all their lives and people temping. And I was temping, back from uni... And I went to Oxford and the people at the warehouse found out about this. So, first off, my name was Oxford. So they'd go, "Oi, Oxford! "Oxford! How you doing, then? "You reading any Shakespeare, are you, Oxford?" The second thing was, they'd give you numbers of packets you had to collect and put on the vans. And so they'd always send me to a section called Heavy And Large, without me knowing it, which was stuff that, basically, you legally had to have two or three people lifting or you could sue the company, cos they were so heavy. So, like, oak doors and stuff. The third thing was they used to wrap me in bubble wrap and punch me. Which hurts an awful lot more on the inside than it does on the outside. There was a guy on the rig, the crane operator, who was a Mackem. His name was Keith and I struggled... I really enjoy accents and I always have, like doing them. I like how they feel when I try and do accents, but a Mackem accent is something I could never come near. And he used to swing big, heavy stuff above us and give the instructions through a PA system over the noise of a crane engine with ten tonnes of shit swinging above our head and go... IMPERSONATES MUMBLING MACKEM "Sorry Keith, we're not getting any of that here." LAUGHTER Completely... "Can you...? What?" Brilliantly, he'd lost his little finger in a piece of crane wire. But he had LOVE and HATE tattooed on his knuckles. But, of course, cos of the accident, they actually said LOVE and HAT. Love and hat. LAUGHTER Which I just... It made me laugh every time I saw him. It took seven months, I never found... Should have put a G on. Should have put G on the other hand. Glove and hat! Glove and hat! Every time I went to a cloakroom... LAUGHTER You do get these jobs and you meet people sometimes. And I met a bloke - this is a bit of a sad end to the story, but anyway - met this guy, I worked at Wimbledon Tennis Championships. And you could go down there and you could get a job in the catering, if you went down at four o'clock in the morning on the first day. And you'd get a white coat and you'd have to clean up, basically. And I met an Irish lad there, called Jim Byrne. And we laughed non-stop, mainly cos of him, for the whole fortnight. He'd come in every day and say, "What's the crack?" It's the first time I'd ever heard that term - the crack. And behind the food village, there were refrigerated lorries, full of doughnuts and stuff. And then, there was a tarpaulin, which you could climb up and you could see Court 14. And...and we climbed it. And there was women's doubles going on and it was Steffi Graf and Sabatini against Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova, So, it's top-end. And I'm going back to about 1988 or something. And we were laughing so much and there's so much noise from the lorries that we couldn't really... We didn't know how much noise we were making and we looked down and all four of them are just looking at us like this. LAUGHTER And the umpire in the chair is pointing at us. And we just dropped about 20 feet and then couldn't do anything, we were laughing so much. We were just incapacitated with laughter. We couldn't do anything. Anyway, the reason it's sad is because he died. Jim died and he was going to try... I can't bear it, because he was just... He had a force about him that was so fantastic. And he was going to be a pilot and he went on a training flight and the plane went down. And it was in somewhere like Florida or somewhere where they train them, the pilots. And I got a letter from his girlfriend... It's weird, remembering this now, but, anyway. ...saying, "I'm just going through Jim's stuff "and I'm just writing to the people from the addresses in his stuff. "And I found your address and this has happened." So, you know... Sometimes, though, don't you, you just meet people and you... and I think about him, mainly, obviously, partly cos of that, but also just he was fantastic. He was just a fantastic bloke. And I often think sometimes, even now, I sometimes think, "Oh, it'd be much better if someone...you know..." Yeah, yeah. ..there's somebody in your life who you've left behind and you can't recover that friendship or you lose that person or you move on to other friends or something. You can't recover it. My best mate from school has emigrated to Australia. And he has two lovely kids and he's married now, over 20 years, and I saw him recently and he said, "What I really... The thing I miss really about England "is when we used to go out, when we were young, "we used to just laugh our heads off all night long." Yeah. And I thought, "Oh, God." I said, "It's all right, Dan, "don't worry about it. It's just, you're nearly 50 and no-one does that any more." LAUGHTER But it would be a nice thing to recover, that feeling. Maybe it's just youth? I don't know. But I mean, the passing of youth... I was at a wedding recently, a friend of mine. And you get to a stage, I think, where, when you're at school, you see your mates every day and then, when you're, sort of, at uni, maybe you see them every week and, then, when you're in your 20's, you get together once a month, once a fortnight. And then it's fucking, what, six months, a year? And you look at each other, like, "Really? A year?" You know and then you die. LAUGHTER On the inside but your life goes on. But then that is all you talk about with those people, as well, isn't it? That... I think that's a real shame. You know, old friends you catch up with after a long time and then you see them, you're, "God, it's been, like, a year? "Like two years?" "Yeah. Maybe longer." "Yeah..." LAUGHTER That's it. That's Facebook in a nutshell, isn't it? Yeah. Facebooking can be great. I've been away from home for six years, I've lived in the UK and I'm still best friends with my same group of girlfriends that I grew up with. Yeah? They're still there, married to boys that we grew up with. I go home and it's almost like everyone's still there, but just littler. Cos they've all paired off and then reproduced. It's very creepy. Um, but I love it. We have a thread on Facebook and I don't know if you know that you can do this? You can have ten people on a thread, so it's this ongoing conversation and the thread is probably six years old. And every day, someone's saying something on it. And we used it for a long time to take the piss out of other people on Facebook. Like, "Look at So-And-So's shirt she's wearing. Pregnant. "No excuse for this." And look as so... Just anything and you know the people on Facebook. The best mother in the world, who posts all the pictures of the things she's doing with her kids while sharing their image on the internet, for me to make fun of. And this went on and on and on and I loved it and I felt so close to them. And they had babies who'd I'd never met, but I felt so close. And then one day, about two months ago, one of them got angry and said, DITZY ACCENT: "Uh, would you not say that about Trista? "Cos actually, she's married to my brother and we're, like, really close and stuff and I don't appreciate it." And so, I've gone silent on the thread. I will keep my award-winning comedy to myself from now on. LAUGHTER 300 spiders just crawled out of my face. Oh, my God! Hang on a minute, my sausage is eating my chip fork... We've got a friend who is so... He's got a story that remains, to this day, the funniest thing I've ever heard. So he... You have built that up. LAUGHTER Oh, yeah. Wow! But this may well... Let's do this. I'll call a break. We'll have an ad break and then when we come back, we're all going "Oh, my God." LAUGHTER Great story, great story. So he's, sort of, a guy whose never really found his calling in life and has ended up temping into his late thirties. So he's been, you know, data entry stuff. And he had this job he really wanted and it was working with a homeless charity, housing people. And he was walking to the interview, all suited and booted. "Come on, come on, you can do this one." And he walked past a hedge and he just sort of... You know when you realise the hedge is in... "Argh!" And you, kind of, "Oh, God!" Cos you're staring at the pavement or whatever. So anyway, fast-forward to the interview, sat across from this very imposing woman and he's doing all the usual stuff you do, sort of, saying, "I am the team... My name is team. "I work at both ends of a team. "I'm a perfectionist, but not too much of a perfectionist." And all that, kind of, "I work too hard, but not enough "and I always challenge myself." And that, kind of, crap. And during the interview, he suddenly sees, out of the corner of his eye, a spider, a tiny, tiny spider, like parachuting down from his glasses, right? Abseiling. Abseiling. Abseiling. Not parachuting. Not parachuting. And he thinks, "Oh, bloody spider, let's get rid of that." And so he carries on, "I was... I was...I was in a football team "and I played all the positions of the team and have you seen my CV? "I've written team." And all that, sort of, thing. He sees another... He sees about three now, little tiny spiders. And he's thinking, "Has she noticed? Has she not noticed?" There are spiders... And he realises that when he hit the hedge, one of those tiny white sacks... No. ..spider sacks had got into his hair - he's got quite, sort of, floppy hair - and they're now hatching... LAUGHTER ..in an interview. They think they're in a hedge. They think they're in a hedge! So, he realises, there's nothing... and they're tiny. And now it's tens, dozens. So he starts thinking, "I don't think she's noticed. "I do not think she's noticed." So he starts, kind of, mixing in, moving the spiders with just, kind of, gesticulations. "I was born in a team. "Um...I..." And um... So ,anyway, the interview ends and it's been about 15 minutes of like spider-geddon. And they've stopped. And he walks out and he thinks, "I've got to make reference "to the fact that probably 300 spiders "just crawled out of my face." So, anyway, she says, "Thanks very much for coming "and we'll...we'll be in touch." He shakes her hand and he says, "Oh, thanks and um... "sorry to be the bringer of spiders." And she hadn't noticed them. And he realised that he had said the most insane thing it's possible to end an interview with. LAUGHTER Imagine you've just finished a perfectly normal interview. The guy was gesticulating a bit and he goes, "Sorry to be the bringer of spiders." LAUGHTER And then walks off. Never got called back. I wish she'd said, "I am the fly." LAUGHTER I love the idea, as well, of that many spiders, of it looking from a distance like his hair was just growing. LAUGHTER Yeah! Just like really quickly and then beautifully like coming down. I just imagine the spiders are all going, "Stop going on about the team thing. You're saying that too much." LAUGHTER "Yeah, that's too much team!" "Tell her about the Duke of Edinburgh Award!" "Ask her questions. Ask her questions!" That's a really weird turn of phrase, too, not to say, "By the way, I noticed I had some spiders..." "Sorry to be the bringer of spiders." It's exactly the sort of thing he would say. Awesome. Now Katherine, is it true of you, that you once pretended to have no parents? I pretended to be an orphan, because, um... Still, to this day, I can't watch moving films. I don't like to be moved in any way. I get really upset. When I was a little girl in school, on a rainy day they showed us Little Orphan Annie in school. And I was so moved that I decided that I, too, was an orphan. Then, I told my teachers and I loved that, I loved it. And I really identified with this thing and I said, "Miss Felicity, I grew up in a Orphanage "and I have no parents. They're dead. "I'm an orphan, as well." And Miss Felicity... Her face, I still remember, she just went white. She went, "Oh, no!" And then, before I knew it, my parents were called in with the school psychologist. LAUGHTER And they were like, "We're so sorry, we're so sorry. "We didn't realise she's not your daughter." And my mom was like, "Well, she IS our daughter." LAUGHTER And they were like, "Well, we know she is your daughter." And you were in the corner, going... It was a hard-knock life that day. I told many lies. I would take things from school. Just say, "I want it." That's the kind of kid I was. What, you want a school desk or something? A blackboard. Yeah. I mean, the school psychologist was called in a lot with me, to be fair. I don't know why they do that. You know, why bother? Just... Of course kids lie, that's great. That's what's exciting about it. You know, they're great feats of imagination. My son tried for about two and a half years to convince us he was a wolf. LAUGHTER He did. A special type of wolf called a Yeni Duchy. Is his sense of smell any good? It's pretty strong and he's unruly when there's a full moon. LAUGHTER Well, I dunno. I dunno. I'm just...yeah. That's a good point, actually... and very hairy. There used to be wolves in Scotland, didn't there? And they're... Did they not say they were going to reintroduce them? Mmm, yeah. How? In Glasgow. LAUGHTER They did reintroduce beavers into Scotland and they lasted all of about a day. And the whole lot of them... Before they were deep-fried. Yeah. Exactly. "Hang on a minute, my sausage is eating my chip fork." Do you know what would wreck your world? Raccoons. Yeah. The binman knows. They have an opposable thumb and they can open doors, lift things. They're very... They're not afraid. We have raccoons in Canada and they're giant. How big would they be? Size of a big dog. And they're not afraid. They'll hiss at you. The size of a big dog? Yes, yes. What, like a German Shepherd? Yes. A raccoon is that that big? A raccoon can be that big, fat and round. And they're... That's like that big. That big. Opening your door. LAUGHTER "Hello!" Showing off his thumbs. "Just having some jam." Oh, God. Could be quite useful, actually, for a single mum. "Could you open that, could you open that?" Playing on your Playstation. Yeah, I was going to say, how are they with Xbox and stuff like that? Any good? Magnificent. Right, now listen, it's been lovely talking to you all, but we do, um... we do have to think of a title for the programme, in what's known in television as soft formatting. That sounds so organic. They'll cut that bit, don't worry. Has anyone got any thoughts? I mean, I did quite enjoy The Ball Of Dignity at one point. The Ball Of Dignity. Was that..? It was your ball that refused to show itself in the boozy comedy club. That's nice, The Ball Of Dignity. I quite like, Alan Davies, The Bringer of Spiders' LAUGHTER I know it's you taking credit for another man's botched interview, but...like, if I was channel-hopping and I was like, "What's on...? "Oh, what? Alan Davies, The Bringer of Spiders? LAUGHTER "I'm having a look at this!" Like you were in a thrash metal band. Spider-geddon. Spider-geddon was very good. Yeah. I enjoyed that. I would say Cock On AGA. Cock A Lager? Cock On AGA. Oh, Cock On AGA. Cock On AGA. That sounds like a cookery programme. "Alan Davies, Cock On AGA, with me, Alan Davies." How about Towie? Cos a load of people watch that. I'm drawn to Marcus' podium dancing. Alan Davies, Electric Circus. Oh, nice. With just you. If they call it Alan Davies, Electric Circus, this may seem slightly disappointing. I think any of these titles... Bringer of Spiders. People would be like, "I've been watching this for 25 minutes without a spider in it..." I've had zero spiders. Do you know what'd be best? Call this show Alan Davies, The Bringer of Spiders and then edit out that story. Gone. "Did you see that programme last night? "It was good, but funny, funny title." It's good enough for me. Thank you to all of my guests. Thank you so much, it's been great. You have been watching The Bringer Of Spiders. CHEERING Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 