Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 The acid test for all comedians - no scripts, no rehearsals and no agenda. David Baddiel, Sharon Horgan, James Brown and Nish Kumar join our Alan for some ad-libbed absurdity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I forgot you were filming, coming out the car and I'm wearing a coat from the '90s, sorry about that, I look like a very ancient member of Oasis. Captain fun has arrived. Um, am I in the right place? Alan Davies. You know, guys, you could be working in Hollywood, you could, instead of filming people getting out of cars. There's four of them apparently... ..and one of them's a girl. Hello, I'm Alan Davies, this is As Yet Untitled. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is a show where we just have a conversation, there isn't any agenda or plan or prepared questions. It's a bit of a chat and at the end of it, we'll try and work out a title for the show and to do that, I need to the help of my guests, so please will you welcome them. APPLAUSE Thank you very much, here they are. Hello, hello. Welcome. Welcome. Now, let's see who we got here. We got Sharon Horgan, Sharon earned her equity status via pretentious Punch and Judy and broke the fall of a Rhodesian ridgeback while five months pregnant. APPLAUSE David Baddiel, fantastic to have David here, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 David is often confused for other Jewish luminaries and has suffered an awkward family incident with a onesie. David Baddie is here. James Brown. James Brown tenuously organised a Michael Jackson search party, and enjoyed Sao Paolo with a dwarf and a basketball player. James Brown is here. And Nish Kumar, welcome to Nish. Nish is an accidental internet sensation. Nish Kumar. That feels like that could be... Yeah, an immediate murmur of disquiet around the room. Going... I want got to get that out the way immediately, it has nothing to do with pornography? No, it's not porn. How is it accidental, that's what I think confuses and worries people, cos that's the excuse people usually use. It's accidental like Kim Kardashian, I've been leaking my own sex tapes. Don't say leaking sex tapes. Leaking sex is the worst sort of sex. I've got to an age now where it's mainly leaking. Do you have any leaking sex? I think I do, it's sex with incontinence pants for me. I've upset the audience very early on, I'm sorry. Fair play to be your age having some sex. No, that's true actually. I'll stop playing the pensioner card, shall I? It's very early to be doing that. How old are you, David? 174. No, I'm 50. 50? Yeah. When was your 50th? I can't remember cos I've got senility. No, on May 28th I was 50. Wow! Congratulations, I'm 48. But you've had the same haircut since you were 10. No, no, since I was about 28. OK, all right. I let my hair grow. I like it. A girl made me do it. Thanks, Sharon. It looks... I turned to Sharon for approval because I don't care what you lot think. This show isn't normally about me. The thing is I sometimes get offered the chance of that operation whereby you can have your eyes sorted out so you don't have to wear glasses. Lasered. Lasered, thank you. Oh, I thought you meant dead people's corneas. Dead people's corneas? Transplants. That's a horror film. You can have a transplant. Not that? No, not that. Hold on, I need to go back two steps, you can have dead people's eyes stuffed in your face? Yeah, this is a zombie operation. No, but the question is, when people have said that to me, I've thought, "Glasses, that's part of my brand," for want of a better word and your hair, I wouldn't know who you were without that hair. It is that... Really? Yeah, it's your thing. I mean, there's lots of other things about you, Alan. He's not changing it. No, I'm wondering if that's what you feel, if someone said to you, "Alan, you're 40, whatever you are, maybe have different hair." And you're thinking, "No, this is who I am." Can't imagine who would care. Alan, when you go on a summer holiday, like to the Caribbean, do you get cornrows done or do you just keep it like it is? You know what? I wanted to do that in Bali. Walking past the same woman every day and she was very friendly and every day she'd ask, you know, she was thinking, "I want to get my hands on that mess." I thought you were going to say, "In Barnsley." Under no circumstances... You know what we do in Barnsley, wear cornrows. So, what happened? You was walking past a computer, you accidentally turned the camera on, it filmed you doing something. Yeah. And you became an internet sensation. It's weirder than that. Was the camera at a wonky angle? It's in night vision so you can't even tell it's me. It was, I got an e-mail from my friend saying, "Ha-ha. Well done!" Now, do you know what a meme is? Cos I didn't. It's short. That's right, yeah. They have these pictures where they just find a random photo on the internet and just change the caption according to a theme. So, I saw which was a guy who's going... and everybody changes the reason why he's surprised and it's a very funny thing that people of a younger generation enjoy. I didn't know what one was until I looked They had taken a publicity shot of me and turned it into a meme and the title of the meme was The Confused Muslim. So, now, just to be clear, that is not a religion I or any of my family are practising members of, so a website called The Confused Muslim has confused me with being a Muslim. So, Nish, can you do the face now, on the meme. I can show you the face, the face is this. LAUGHTER That's not as confused as I thought it would be. It's also not particularly inherently Islamic either. I'm not reading the Koran or refusing a bacon sandwich. It's nothing particularly... From my point of view, refusing a bacon sandwich is quite confusing anyway. How many hits, though? How many hits? More than work that I've legitimately put on the internet. Basically, I got obsessed with trying to find out what had happened and what had happened is, I have an... You can all see my face, it's of an undetermined ethnic origin and so I said on stage that I was one of the few people that's regularly confused with being both a Jew and a Muslim, a website reprinted that quote verbatim, so now when you Google confused Muslim, it's my fucking face. Is it OK being on Google as, you know, anything Muslim. Doesn't that mean that MI6 kind of get in touch and stuff like that, are you OK? I mean, given that I already look like a Homeland extra, I think they're probably... You don't look like an extra. You look like the main guy. You look like the guy that's got about four computer screens and he's taken control of the drones. Oh, no, that was 24. You look like the guy in 24. If Jack Bauer comes in here, we're fine, you're dead. I think you do look like you work undercover, for us. Right, OK. So I've got the face for it but I've got kind eyes. Oxbridge graduate. Exactly, sort of double agent. Speaks Arabic. Dresses like that most of the time but then they put him in the gear and send him out to Afghanistan. I think that's what you look like. But there is a weird piece of circularity in being sat opposite you, because if you google "confused Muslim"... You get me? No. The three images that appear, the first one is Jesus Christ... ..the original confused Muslim. And the second is a picture of Omid Djalili in the film, The Infidel, which you wrote. That's correct because when you said, you know, that you're of indeterminate ethnicity, I wrote a film called The Infidel which is about a Muslim who discovers he was adopted and born a Jew and to some extent, that was based on a very old joke which you might be the only person here who remembers me telling, a true story. I used to say, I've been beaten up twice in my life, once for being Jewish, once for being a Pakistani and it used to get a laugh because people were thinking, "Well, he could be either, couldn't he?" That's clearly what people were thinking but that did happen to me and when I was being beaten up, this was in Wembley in about 1987, for being a Pakistani, I did even consider saying to the fascist beating me up, "You don't understand, I'm Jewish." But it wouldn't have worked, would it? When you were younger, you had really black hair, didn't you? Will you stop going on about my age? I know I'm decaying, Alan. You looked like a Pakistani when you were younger but now you really look Jewish. Do you think? You look like Mel Brooks playing the 1,000-year-old man, that's what you're saying. That sounds like the first line of your online dating profile. "Used to look a bit Pakistani, now, really Jewish." I know women really go for that. I wonder what you'll get beaten up for next, that's the interesting question. Just by people who think, "I can beat him up," cos he's so old. Tell me when you organised the Michael Jackson search party. Very tenuous, it's just a great story. I was at work one day and one of my editors came in and said, "Do you know where Michael Jackson's staying?" I went, "No," and he said, "No, neither does he." "He's in my girlfriend's office now, he's lost." It was about 11 o'clock on a Tuesday morning, and his girlfriend worked at the pre-strip joint Stringfellows when it was just a hub for soap stars and footballers, it was a celebrity nightclub and apparently, Jacko had been shopping in Harrods with Lionel Richie. And if you've ever been to Harrods, even on a Tuesday morning, it's busy. And Mr Al-Fayed and Lionel Richie had lost Michael. Lost him? You know what it's like when you're shopping, you start looking... He was probably looking at some monkey nuts and then the others drifted off. That's cos he's got monkeys. He's got monkeys. Just a quick... I am not 12 years old. I am aware that I am a little bit younger than everyone else here but I do know who Michael Jackson is. So Jacko panics and walks through the doors and sees the cab rank and jumps into a cab. And, the cab driver, assuming Michael Jackson knows where he's going, thinks, "Fuck, I've got Michael Jackson," and he just sets off. And he goes, "Where do you want to go, Mr Jackson?" He goes, "My hotel." He goes, "And..." And he goes, "Don't you know?" He's in a black cab, he's going, "I don't know where it is." And he proceeds to describe the hotel. Cab driver obviously knows a few hotels, so the cab driver thinks, "I'll ring round," so he gets on the radio and nobody knows where Michael Jackson is, so he goes, "I'll take him "to where the celebrities go." So the cab driver took him to Stringfellows. Was this the middle of the day? This was just before lunch. He bangs on the door, my deputy's girlfriend answers it and Michael Jackson's there, with a bloke that looks like he should be in EastEnders and they come in and explain what's going on, so she starts ringing anyone she can get hold of who she thinks will know where Michael Jackson should stay. Eventually, the cabbie says, "I'm going to wait in the car cos the "meter's still running." And he gets back on the control and eventually his controller goes, "He's staying at this hotel in Knightsbridge." So he comes back in and says, "Right, I know where he's going, it's OK." Meanwhile, back at Harrods, Lionel Richie has lost Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie is getting a bit nervous, so he goes through the same doors and sees the cab rank and the guy in charge of the rank goes, "You looking for Michael Jackson?" He went, "Yeah." Did he say, "Hello, is it me you're looking for?" LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Sadly, because it's true, sadly, not. He gets in a cab and the controller goes, "He's gone to Stringfellows." 20 minutes later, there's a knock at the door of Stringfellows, and Martin's girlfriend answers it, and there's another cabbie and Lionel Richie. And Rachel and Lionel Richie looked at each other and went, "Michael Jackson!" I think this explains something I've never understood, which is why, I don't know if you know this but Mohammed Al-Fayed, who used to own Fulham, for reasons that were never clear, built a statue of Michael Jackson outside of Fulham and I presume it's so that he would always know where he was. I am a British male celebrity over the age of 45, I cannot google the words "child's penis", all right? Sarah, can you tell me about pretentious Punch and Judy? Well, you know when you had to go and get your equity card, it's an actors' union, erm... You had to get 12 contracts from comedy venues that said you'd performed there. The contract was a bit of A4 that someone printed off saying, "He did a gig at my club for ?9." Do you still need them? I guess you do. But what's the story? Oh, the story. I was just starting out and I'd just moved over from Ireland. I didn't know how to get into a theatre show or the normal things you do to get an equity card but I did know a guy who had a Punch and Judy show and he was a kind of out of work actor who was obsessed with Punch and Judy and I asked him if I could join his show in order to, you know, get my card. So, I didn't really think it through, to realise I'd be sharing a tiny little box with a man. It's very tight. Is it? LAUGHTER With a swazzle, the thing you put in your mouth to make the Punch sort of noise. It's about the size of a coin, isn't it? Yeah, and generally when someone has it in their mouth, it's covered in saliva and they spit all over you. I've tried a swazzle, they are really hard to use. They are very hard. The ones that make you talk like that. That's how you get the voice. Yeah, that's it. You don't need one, though. Unless you just had the swazzle hidden in your mouth. What happened to me was I put the swazzle in and then I started doing the voice anyway. You don't stop doing things, the swazzle does the work. HIGHPPITCHED MUMBLING Well, he was just doing Punch with the swazzle and I was doing all the other characters and it was pretentious in that he had... Do you know the story of Punch and Judy? He kills his wife with a crocodile or something. He beats his wife up and then he beats his baby up. It's not really reconstructed guy, is he? Punch, really. Why are we showing that to children? I don't think they kill the baby any more. And sausages, there are sausages. Sausages announce the arrival of the crocodile... HIGH-PITCHED MUMBLING He loves it. ..when the crocodile turns up, and then there's his mate, Joey. Joey? Joey? Punch and Joey? No, that's his wife. That's the gay version. Judy. Punch and Joey is different. The Old Compton Street version. He does have a friend called Joey. He's got a friend called Joey? And our friend in this show was a black Joey and so, the guy... Oh, God the victorious. The guy, my pretentious actor friend who I did Punch and Judy show with, he made the baby black as well so there was an issue on parentage there, which, you know, I guess was kind of interesting. That's progressive casting. Yeah, very. Where were you doing this show? Just in his basement. No, in his front room. No! In his front room. In his front room? Was there an audience? There was an audience of people and there was no charge except for a ?5 suggested donation. And then, I went, "This isn't going to get me my equity card. "We've just done it in your front room," and he said, "No, it's OK, we're going to take it to an English speaking "festival in Paris." So we travelled to Paris with a Punch and Judy show. Did they like it? They didn't like it. They didn't understand anything about it but the best thing was being in Paris with this guy, this actor guy who spent most of his time drinking very heavily. Wine is so cheap there, drinking very heavily in the morning and then I'd have to share the Punch and Judy box with him, I really hope he's not watching, but he did smell quite badly of alcohol fumes. Did he ever try it on, this guy? No. Never? No. He's in a little tiny box with you, he's drunk, he's in Paris. What's he thinking about? Not trying it on. Did you? Did I try it? No. Did you get the card, though? I did get the card but because I did what you did, which is got loads of people to pretend to fill in a form saying that I'd done it for them. Well, I did actually do some. Oh, sorry. LAUGHTER Not all of mine were fraud. I performed it. You were in the tent. I deserved that. You do deserve something for being in there with a drunk bloke with a swazzle. Oh, the other slightly pretentious thing was that he'd play the Carmina Burana at the end, we had a life-size devil which, instead of being on his hand, he put over his head, so it make the kids shit their pants. They're used to this size of puppet, at the very end, this massive life-size devil would come out to the Carmina Burana. Actually to the Carmina Burana them? Duh-duh-duh-duh! Yeah. That's absolutely terrifying. Why did that happen? Because he was about the art of it, rather than the actual... the kiddies, I guess. There were no kiddies, we never performed... There were no kiddies? Well, rarely, maybe a little, I can't remember. It was ages ago. To David now, what happened with the onesie? The onesie. Erm, well... Is it an animal suit onesie? Well, it was my son who was wearing the onesie, quite recently, it was only about five months ago and as can happen with a onesie, he got his penis caught in the zip of the onesie. GROANING That is the noise people tend to make, it's very awful but it's the sort of injury where you don't quite know what to do. How much of the penis? Well, I'll get onto that. Can I just ask, presumably he had already been circumcised? Well, actually my son was not originally circumcised. This is a side where I don't normally say... Was it originally? No, we thought about it because I'm Jewish but my partner is not and then we decided against it and then God intervened. LAUGHTER Have you, have you done that... He didn't intervene with the onesie thing, he intervened because, this is possibly too much detail but my son turned out to have a very... Don't forget he has to go to school and people will watch this. Well, I'll tell you anyway. LAUGHTER My son turned out, when he was about three, he had a very tight foreskin and so, for medical reasons, he had to have a... OK, so what bit was in the zip? Basically, just, a bit was in the zip that was causing him a lot of pain and we didn't quite know what do. Have you ever done that? I have. I did it at school. I've got scar tissue. Have you? Yeah, because you've got to go back over it. Oh, no. I'm going back over it now in the story, it's painful enough. This is the bit of the story that I don't understand. You seem to think it's something to do with the onesie, I'm telling you now, it's any zip. That's true, but the key thing about the onesie is he wasn't wearing pants. Do you not wear pants in the onesie, is it commando? It's a commando thing isn't it, a onesie? Yeah. So, he wasn't wearing pants, he got part of his penis caught in the zip, me and Morwenna, who is my partner, we didn't know what to do and after a while, she said, "Google it." How long was he screaming whilst you were logging in? Quite a while but the point is, I said, "I can't." This is absolutely true, I said, "I can't," she said, "What do you mean?" I said, "I'm a British male celebrity over the age of 45, "I cannot google the words "child's penis", all right?" I may as well just phone up Operation Yewtree... ..and hand myself in. What happened with the penis? It bled. Actually, we did google it after this and we discovered that what you have to do is put, like, oil on it, like, olive oil, some kind of... I'm going to say the word lubricant, I wish I wasn't saying it, and then it comes out the zip and then he was OK. I didn't know that, we didn't have Google when I did that, I was just a pair of jeans and back down. So, what, you just yahoo'd it? LAUGHTER Don't tell me you asked Jeeves, for the love of God! It would take too long. But I do remember banging on my mate's door naked with the rabbit, trying to get him to come out for a rabbit race. Who was the basketball player? Was it an NBA star, somebody important? I'm getting the dwarf is small and the basketball player is enormous. Sometimes people ask me, "James, why don't you drink? "Why did you stop drinking?" Anyone who knows me never asks me that. One particular story that stood out in my mind before I came to the conclusion that it would be a good idea was, I was flown with a few of my colleagues to Brazil to see the Grand Prix and there was so much sponsorship. This was in the days when cigarette companies sponsored Formula 1. Can I just... I want to hear the story but... You just get flown to Brazil? All over the world, Alan. This is when you were editor of a huge-circulation magazine. I invented a new type of magazine. Everyone wanted to be in it. Football, sport, Formula 1, crisps, nightclubs. So do you call them up and say... No, no, no. Can we get that list again? Yeah. THEY LAUGH Football, sport, Formula 1. That's all the same Venn diagram, and then crisps. LAUGHTER I have this great image of a, er... Whatever they want in the office! Exactly. It's like the fall of the Roman Empire, isn't it? It was like the start of the Roman Empire. That's what the column was called, What We Want. People just said... One guy got his teeth done, twice. That's not that glamorous. They would ring us and say, "Do you want to go, four, five of you to the Grand Prix?" Before we'd even gone, they didn't understand that, as you said, just going to South America was quite a nice thing to do, so they sent these leather bags over. And mine, as the editor, had ?4,000 in it. It was the only time I really got a bung. But they didn't need to bung us because we were going anyway! Are you sure you weren't some kind of mule? LAUGHTER That's what it sounds like. With a note saying, "You're going to need me." Somewhere, a drug dealer opened a bag full of crisps. LAUGHTER So we were on our way over there, we got ?4,000 and everything is expenses paid. What are you going to spend ?4,000 on in South America. Oh, don't say it! Dwarves? Dwarves? That's right. Brazil football shirts. LAUGHTER We bought thousands and thousands of grams of Brazilian football shirts. Grams? LAUGHTER And... You know... Is this in the '90s? It was. And we really could do anything we wanted. We were hugely successful, no-one was going to tell us off for it. No Twitter, no Facebook, no hashtag. No comeback. What happens in Brazil stays in Brazil. Or not. Oh, right. LAUGHTER Anyway, so the trick with South America is, apart from all the grams of football shirts you can buy, there's also...they've got really powerful drinks. They've got Caipirinha and Pisco Sour, which both taste like soft drinks. And the first night we were there, I had so many of these Pisco Sours, and I don't know to this day how I did this, but it is in a cricket writer's book who was there. I managed to spring two steps across the middle of the road and jump, hulk-like, over the top of a people carrier, clear it, roll over the other side and stand up. That's how drunk I was. Shut the front door! LAUGHTER Not over the bonnet, over the top of the car. Were you a tiny bit lighter in those days. I was a lot lighter. Before I was Alan's body treble, I was... Over the top. We went to a nightclub, the people at the nightclub were under the impression we were Formula 1 drivers because we looked quite well-suited, we were European and I told them we were. LAUGHTER We naturally had a lot of liberties, or, er... You know, they just let you do what you want. Because of the different temperatures I was experiencing, because of the stuff I'd ingested, I used to spend a lot of time in swimming pools in my clothes. And there was this fantastic, beautifully-lit one-man plunge pool. So, of course, I'm straight in there. But I'm not in any fit state to be walking around. Anyway, for the rest of the night, I'm like I'm in a human curling game. There's a guy following me around the nightclub with a big sponge. LAUGHTER And, er...during this process, my two mates have gone, "We've got to get away from him, he's an idiot." And I found this massive guy, he was a cab driver having around the nightclub, he was huge. I don't know how he got into his car. I gave him about ?200, I said, "Let's just go for a drive around Sao Paolo. "Just take me to the worst bit you can have fun in "that you'd never take a tourist." That was kind of my motto. And I also... LAUGHTER It's quite a long motto. LAUGHTER Don't try and put it on your arm. The other thing I always carried with me... I'd like to see that in Latin. LAUGHTER A curly thing. I always carried a card because I knew the state I was going to get in, that said, in the language of the country we were in, "I am drunk, please take me to this hotel." This is how I get home. It was like a homing card. Good idea. Yeah, and it worked. They think, "Big hotel, we'll get paid when we get there, definitely." And, um...we were driving around Sao Paolo and I see this dwarf woman walking the streets. Prostitute dwarf woman. How did you know? Er...she had a very short skirt on. Yeah, well, she's a dwarf! Yes, she was. LAUGHTER She was tiny. That's what I'm saying. APPLAUSE It could've been a maxi. It was a band of gaffer tape. And I am obviously thinking... I didn't want to have sex with her, but I thought, "This will look great. This will make them laugh." So I said, "Let's get her and we'll go back to the hotel." So we arrived at the hotel about 3am and I go through this beautiful hotel and the only thing in the foyer was a compound of really, really expensive, floppy-eared, beautiful rabbits. They had a more luxurious lifestyle... LAUGHTER It's the only thing they had. It was very minimalist. Some of this stuff is a memory and some of it is... LAUGHTER This is all true! You wonder why I gave up. Anyway, so I get to the, er... I've picked up one of the rabbits, I've got to the reception... Have you got the dwarf? # Bright eyes... # And I could just see... The guy didn't say anything, I could just see in the eyes of the concierge a mixture of pity and fear. And he was looking at me and I could hear his eyes. He was saying, "Are you sure?" And I... He didn't say anything, he said, "Good evening." And I thought, "Oh, what am I doing?" I paid them off and left with the rabbit. And he didn't say anything about the rabbit. Maybe you were allowed to, like, cuddle them, or something. I don't remember much more, but I do remember banging on my mate's door, naked with the rabbit, trying to get him to come out for a rabbit race. LAUGHTER And the next morning, we'd met a really nice guy who was on a summer job, he was a student driving us around to and from the Grand Prix and the tourist sites and what have you and as we went to the airport, he turned to my staff and spoke to them as if I wasn't there. And he said, "I like James, he's been very kind to me, "but if he behaves in Rio how he's behaved in Sao Paolo, "he will be raped and murdered." LAUGHTER Just put that on your headstone. "Raped and murdered. Rio. 1997." And when you've got no control over yourself, that's a terrible thing to hear. Can I say just something? Sometimes when someone is telling you a story, you sort of get a bit lost, don't you? And there's a bit in that I got lost in. What happened to the dwarf prostitute? Yeah. I made her go home. Because I assumed you were going to put her on top of the big rabbit. No. No. LAUGHTER And make a basketball play! What I thought would look funny, me knocking on my mates' doors going, "I've got some friends!" Oh, right! The basketball player as the taxi driver. Yeah, he was great. He was fucking enormous. It must have looked like something out of Wacky Races because I don't even know, he had his seat really far back for the legs. Was he enormous, or just standing next to the dwarf? LAUGHTER No. That was the dimensions that appealed to me. OK. The big tall guy and the little lady and the rabbit. I can understand that. And I thought, "This will look great!" It would have sold 400,000 copies. Exactly. We didn't even get a photograph. Can I just say, as a representative of the younger generation... How old are you? This is exactly what we think happened in the '90s. You know what happened to us when we were in our 20s? We lived through two recessions, OK? You guys were drinking cocaine and whatever, eating rabbits and carousing with prostitutes and now I'm never going to be able to buy a house! LAUGHTER APPLAUSE And it was only when it began to stink that I thought, "It's dead. We need to bury it." Can you tell me about the dog falling on you? OK. Did it fall out of a window? No. It was my Rhodesian ridgeback. They're quite big. They're massive. You know what they used to be used for, their job, like, in Africa, is kind of, um...herding lions. That's kind of what they do. Is that what the pet shop man told you? LAUGHTER I reckon a lion could have a Rhodesian ridgeback. That's what they did. They worked in packs and they herded them. Have you got lions? No. She's got one little frightened lion. But it is true. I want to hear your story, but can I just... I asked on Twitter the other day, something I've always been interested in is what lions would do if they saw a cat, right. Yeah? And someone said, "They'll be fine. "They'll just think it's a far-away mirror." LAUGHTER Or a cousin. Or a cousin, yeah. Because they're the only animals that there is a microscopic version and a big version. Sorry, carry on. What about mice and elephants? No, that's... LAUGHTER Mice don't look like elephants. They do. Mice do not look like elephants. You've had too much to drink. If you blew up a mouse to be massive... It hasn't got a trunk. Because it hasn't grown yet. I can't believe... I can't believe you were looking for a comparison and didn't go, "Dwarfs and basketball players." LAUGHTER All right, then, so the dog... LAUGHTER So the dog... Yeah, so they herd lions, that's their job. They do that sort of thing where, like, a sheepdog, they kind of run towards them at the last minute, they do a swerve and he just wasn't very good at swerving and he was jumping over a fence, like a five foot high fence... He could clear a five foot high fence? He cleared a five foot high fence. And then I saw him kind of coming towards me and he last minute tried to swerve me but instead he broke my knee in two places. He broke your knee?! Yeah. Did you have that T-shirt with Lions on it? No. LAUGHTER Would that have made a difference? Roaaar! He was trying to herd you round. I should have tried that... Why am I not running away?! There's three Irish Lions there. Yeah. I mean, really cracked your kneecap? Yeah, just...two fractures. Cos you fell and landed on it, or...? No, just his head. His head? Was he wearing a kind of Rollerball helmet? So, were you in a cast after that, then? Just crutches, while heavily pregnant, so that was great. That was right the way through to the end. Had he seen you through the fence? I don't think he was trying to kill my baby! I think...I think it was an accident. If he saw you through the fence and you had that T-shirt on, he'd just have thought, "Those are lions in a zoo." Definitely. Have you still got him? What happened to him? I feel really bad because it was actually a she and I obviously am just calling him a he now cos I hate him so much. Do you hate men? No. No, I can't even be bothered remembering what sex the dog was, that's the problem. No, we kept her for a while and then, I think she knocked my baby over once and then we're like, "This dog has to go." Yeah, before something terrible happens. So, we gave her to a good friend. A good friend who's now got a broken back, I imagine! LAUGHTER There was a cat across the road from us, and it came up our sideway once and it was twice the size of our cat, and our cat was terrified of it. And then it suddenly jumped over next door's fence, and I... I mean, this isn't a very good story because that's the end of it... Oh, right. SHARON LAUGHS ..but for some reason I'm quite impressed by animals leaping fences and obviously animals leap things, don't they? That's what they do in the wild, so it's not really a reason to be excited. But they don't normally knock things over with such...yeah, with their heads, like, that's what they do. Yeah, but I don't think the dog saw you. Why do you care about the dog so much? What about me? LAUGHTER You're still here, the dog isn't. That is true. She's dead. Imagine if your partner had given you away to another family. LAUGHTER While she was pregnant, as well. "I'm going to keep the dog." That's a terrible thing to say. My wife writes children's books and she wrote a book called The Great Hamster Massacre, in which all these hamsters were killed. Oh, dear. That's very grim. It is quite gory but when she had the idea with the book, she starts telling people about it and virtually everyone she knew said, "Oh, we had a hamster once and it died like this," and then there's all these stories... One of my favourite ones is a girl who had high heels on and stepped.... Oh, no. AUDIENCE GROANS ALAN LAUGHS HYSTERICALLY Actually. ..straight through the hamster. Oh, my God. I have to tell you, that's the one thing about hamsters, they do die quite easily and we... We bought my son a hamster and he really loved the hamster.... See! This is what happens. ..and it just died, right. But someone had said, and it said on the internet, "You can never quite tell "whether they're dead or whether they're hibernating," so... That's true. That's goldfish, isn't it? No. ..we kept the hamster for seven hours, right? I'd put it on the radiator because it said you ought to warm it up, just in case, and it was only when it began to stink that I thought, "It's dead and we need to bury it." We had the same thing, our hamster was hamster juice at the end of it, it had been in that box for so long. We put it on a hot water bottle, I don't know, in the end we just sort of opened its mouth and I had the little mirror up. I don't know, it was... God, this is like Hamster CSI! LAUGHTER People coming in, "Time of death. "Cause appears to be heel through its neck." Have you ever been on the Grave Line Tour in LA? I haven't. No. It's finished now but it was in a big silver hearse and it took you all around Beverly Hills and Hollywood and showed you where people had died. Really? It was like Hollywood Babylon on wheels, and you kind of show...it went to where the first Superman was murdered, and, you know, took you to where Janis Joplin died. It was fascinating. And when we went past to see the Sinai hospital, this very camp guide that was driving it, turned to me and my mate, and these two massive fat middle American tourists, the two ladies that were in the front and as we went past this hospital, the guy goes, "This is the place where a very well-known "Hollywood star had his hamsterectomy." And my mate and I were giggling like we were kids, cos we knew what he was talking about, and they were going, "What?" And he said, "You know about that?" and he goes in to explain the process of pet shopping, and, which is where, allegedly, people put hamsters into condoms and insert them up their arse and the dying... Sorry about that. Don't sit like that. There's a guy like this. And the death throes as the hamsters are suffocated, bring them to orgasm. So, hold on... Now, hang on, I'm going to keep going. Sorry. So, they turn round and the guy explains this whilst still driving and these two women were going, "What the fuck?" LAUGHTER And they turned to each other and said, "What's a hamster?" LAUGHTER And I... I lent forward and said, "It's like a small horse." LAUGHTER So, how we going to edit around...? We haven't done, we haven't asked you, the Jewish luminaries that you've been mistaken for. No. Well, as you'll know, it's one of the things about being on telly is that people mistake you for other people. Are you Ray Parlour, I assume? No, James May. James May? Oh, yeah, James May. Yeah, that's true. And, erm... In fact, I was on the train, sorry, I was on the train the other day and the kid came down the carriage and stopped and looked at me, a kid of about 14 or something, and he goes, "No, it's not James May," and walks off again. LAUGHTER He'd obviously gone down to check it out. The one that happens all the time, and this perhaps won't surprise you, I was at an event and I was talking to Ronan Keating out of Boyzone and it turned out that he was a... You'll be interested in this. ..he was a massive fan of mine, he said. And then he said, "What I particularly like that you did was Blackadder." LAUGHTER And I said, "No, I'm not Ben Elton," and Ronan Keating just looked really cross like I'd been deliberately trying to trick him with my face. And, this is absolutely true, Andrew Lloyd Webber just thinks that I am Ben Elton. I heard a showbiz rumour once that when Andrew Lloyd Webber was writing The Beautiful Game, you know that musical he wrote about football? He was watching Fantasy Football, just by chance, and he said to one of his minions, "Oh, go and get me that beardy, "glasses, Jewish-looking bloke off the telly," and they went and got him Ben Elton by mistake, right. And I thought, that can't be true, but then Frank Skinner met Andrew Lloyd Webber and he said to him, "Oh, I do like that show you do on the sofa with Ben." This is after he'd written a fucking musical with Ben Elton! So, I met Andrew Lloyd Webber once and I said to him, I said at a showbiz party, I said, "You know I'm not Ben Elton, don't you?" And he just looked really frightened and confused like, "Oh, my God, what's wrong with Ben?" LAUGHTER "Is he having a nervous breakdown?" And then a really weird thing happened, which was he really looked a bit frightened and he went away quite quickly and as he went away, he mentioned under his breath about the woman he was with. He said, "This is Sarah," and she didn't hear him say it and I thought, "That's a bit weird "cos I know his last wife was called Sarah, "so I assume this isn't his wife." And I just start talking to her, she's very nice, and I say, "What do you do for Andrew?" and she says, "Oh, I look after the estate and the horses." I think some kind of PA. And then, because it was a showbiz party, so it's a weird place, Eamonn Holmes, who I don't know at all, comes over and says, "Hello". And I say, "Oh, Eamonn, this is Sarah." And she looked absolute daggers at me and she said, "Is that meant "to be some kind of joke?" And then I realised in a flash what had happened, right. The woman was Andrew Lloyd Webber's third wife, I think her name is Madeline, but when Andrew Lloyd Webber had left me in a fluster, he'd confused her name with that of his second wife, Sarah Brightman, and I thought, "That's too embarrassing, I can't tell her that." So, when she said, "Is that meant to be some kind of joke?", I said, "Yes." LAUGHTER This is scary. It was terrible. I thought...she said, "It's not a very funny one." I thought, "Yes, that's absolutely true, isn't it?" Of course it's not a very funny one, I had to let this woman, and Eamonn Holmes, an important man, I had to let them think that I, a professional comedian, would think it would be funny to introduce a man's third wife to someone else by the name of that man's second wife. I would have thrown Andrew Lloyd Webber under the bus immediately. I went and found Andrew Lloyd Webber, I was so embarrassed, in another part of the party, this is absolutely true, and I said to him, "Andrew, "word to the wise, you just told me that your wife's name was Sarah. "It isn't Sarah, is it? No. But I introduced her to someone else as Sarah. "That was really embarrassing. "Please, never do that to anyone else again". And he said, "Oh, I'm really sorry about that, Ben." LAUGHTER It's true, absolutely true. I still don't know if that was a joke. LAUGHTER You daren't ask, it's too embarrassing. Too embarrassing. Listen, we kind of have to draw things to a close and we have to think about a title for the programme. I think we could call the show, What We Did In The '90s... LAUGHTER ..particularly cos of Nish's great remark about how that has left him out of pocket for life. Yeah, No House For Nish? No House For Nish. No House For Nish, I like that. Although, it sounds a bit like a very serious Indian play! East Is East in a double bill. Yeah. What was the thing about CSI we were doing? That was a good line. Hamster CSI? Hamster CSI. Yeah. I'd watch it. I haven't come up with anything, apart from My Cat Can Jump Really High. Let's call it that! Or, My Neighbour's Cat Jumps Really High. That was fascinating though. The thing is, if we call it that, the poor sod who's editing this has got to leave that anecdote in. That's why I want you to call it that. That would be great. The Hamsterectomy? The Hamsterectomy, yeah. LAUGHTER Have we decided on a title? No. Do we have to keep going till we do? It's never been this difficult, the audience aren't allowed to leave. LAUGHTER I think, No House For Nish. I like that. Shall we call it, The British Asian Comedian Will Never Be Able To Afford A House... Yeah. ..Because Of James Brown? LAUGHTER It wasn't only me having a good time. OK, so, thank you to my guests, Nish Kumar, James Brown, David Baddiel and Sharon Horgan and you have been watching, A British Asian Comedian Can No Longer Afford To Buy A House Because Of James Brown. Thank you, very much. APPLAUSE Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 