Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e7 - Watch Out, Wanky Bill's About - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 7 - Watch Out, Wanky Bill's About - full transcript 
 Guests Bob Mortimer, Russell Kane, Lucy Montgomery and Miles Jupp discuss with host Alan Davies subjects including sneaky cockroaches, Iranian fruits and why school milk tasted funny. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}ALAN DAVIES AS YET UNTITLED 07 CTO M916B/82 BF000000 Good evening. I'm Renee Zellweger. {\an5}I've got one foot that's slightly hurting, so I think I was limpingon it. {\an5}Looking forward to making some jokes but, more importantly, making some friends. APPLAUSE Hello, I'm Alan Davies and this is As Yet Untitled. The show with no name and no agenda or preparation or proper intro or anything. But we do try, during the course of the programme, to come up with a title for the show, that's our simple aim. And, in order to do that, I invite four very funny and talented guests 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and then we have a conversation. So please will you welcome my guests. APPLAUSE Here they all are. Hand-picked. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Alun Cochrane is here. Alun Cochrane knows his place. Alun Cochrane is here. APPLAUSE Jo Brand has a very colourful CV and knows the real cost of knowledge. Jo Brand is here. APPLAUSE Tommy Tiernan. Tommy Tiernan, who is a very charitable man and was once told a very strange thing by a very strange man. Tommy Tiernan is here. APPLAUSE And Chris Martin. Welcome to Chris. Chris Martin, who isn't Chris Martin. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Chris Martin's here. APPLAUSE THEY LAUGH And perhaps we should clear that up straightaway, Chris. Oh, yeah. That you're not Chris Martin... I'm not, no, no, no I'm not. ..out of Coldplay. Out of Coldplay. Every day, I will get... All right, pack it in with the groaning. LAUGHTER You weren't expecting Coldplay. You're bloody lucky they're not here. Yeah. No I get it all the... It's every... Actually, weirdly, Alun, the first gig I ever did, you were the MC. I spoke to you after, I said, "Do you think I should change my name?" And you said "Nah, it'll be all right." Did I? But it's been the bane of my existence, so... I have other bad advice available if anybody wants it. Sorry. It's all right. You said it wouldn't matter and it doesn't really matter but it's, like, I did do a gig in The Slug And Lettuce in... Yeah, my career's going really well. Which branch of The Slug And Lettuce? The Slug And Lettuce in Waterloo. So, you know, it's zone 1, it's all right. And, er... LAUGHTER And, er... It was just like a new-material gig. This is maybe a year and a half ago, around Christmas time, and I did the gig. And afterwards I sat down and these two people were aggressively talking to the promoter, sort of pointing at me. Like that. And I said, "What happened there?" And she said, "These two people have flown over from Denmark "because they thought they were going to be watching "the lead singer of Coldplay." LAUGHTER And then they were like, "No, no, no." So they were like, "Chris Martin, like, that's not him." And I was like, "Yeah, it's a relatively... I don't know, "in Norway maybe it's a rare name, it's quite common in the UK." So they were, like... Then they were like, "Are you sure he's not going to be here?" Then they got a photo of him out on their phone and went, "Are you sure?" Like I was going to be like, "Myeh! Yes, it's..." And then, I don't know, I thought the clue was the fact that it was in The Slug And Lettuce. That his career is better than The Slug And Lettuce at the moment. Well, they thought they were on some special, low-key, unannounced gig. I feel bad because I could have stopped that story happening. Yeah. If you'd said, "Do you think I should change it?" And I'd said, "Yeah." That would not have occurred. You basically cost some people airfares there {\an5}because of your terrible advice. If you'd just gone with Mick Jagger as you'd intended. Yeah, yeah. LAUGHTER You could probably get away with touring in Rwanda or... ..Micronesia. Very small countries. As THE Chris Martin, you know. LAUGHTER I'd feel pretty guilty. A lot of guilt taking money from not that wealthy African people and conning them into... Who said anything about money? Just go and enjoy the hospitality. "No singing today, no singing today." Yeah. I'll just do some stories about my life and have a different face for the whole thing as well. I had a weird... The other one was when I was a student, I tried to extend my overdraft, so I rung up and said my name. And she went, "You're not THE Chris Martin?" And I was, like, "I'm extending my overdraft from £1,000 to £1,500, "I think he's got..." It's not likely. No. Nah! I think you need to worry because I do a lot of hideous corporate gigs and they're normally a surprise to the people you're doing them to. And I get, you know... My name is announced and I walk on and I get a lot of depressed sort of sighs. And that's when you need to worry really, they just... Because I'm inappropriate for them. I did a gig a few months ago with a load of builders in Southampton. Lovely. And, you know, when I came on, there were, like, sighs of despair. {\an5}Because they were looking up thinking, "We want someone to talk to us about building. "What on earth can this fat menopausal woman "possibly have to say to us?" And you know it's always a surprise, I said to them "You will be surprised because I know a lot about building." My dad's a structural engineer, my brother's a quantity surveyor and my husband's a fucking plank. LAUGHTER So there you are. A lot. APPLAUSE Have you had people thinking you're related to Russell Brand? I do tell people Russell Brand's my son. Occasionally. But, obviously, looks-wise, there's not... I have the beard in the morning. But, um... No, not really. But actually, it is kind of hilarious people's sort of sketchy knowledge of you. So I was in a chip shop the other night. I know I don't look like I go in chip shops. This woman pointed at me and went, "Dawn Saunders." LAUGHTER I was like, "Hello. "First of all, I'm not Dawn French or Jennifer Saunders "but well done for eliding them together and getting it wrong." I had one when I was at the World Cup and I was with the Scotland supporters in Bordeaux and one of them looked at me across this particular beer tent and he looked a bit more pissed than the others and he went, "Alan! Alan! "Fucking hell, Alan..." "Partridge! Partridge!" LAUGHTER And then he went, "A-ha! A-ha!" And he was made up, you know. I had a guy when I was walking through Bristol... I'm not at all well known but a pissed guy got out of a cab, pointed at me and went "Uglier version of Jenson Button." Then got back in the cab and it drove off. LAUGHTER Like, he'd got the guy to pull over, "This is worth an extra fiver." Lookee-likee cab driving, weren't we? {\an5}We started at three o'clock on Good Friday, just as Christ was being crucified, and I talked until he got up from the dead. I think I have normal bathroom grooming habits. As one gets older, I think more of them creep up on you than they used to, you know. I caught myself moisturising my elbows the other day, which is a strange development. I can't remember ever thinking that my elbows were too dry. And then I'd had a bath or a shower and I thought, "Oh, I'm moisturising my elbows again." And then thought, "Again?! When did this begin?" But I was recently in Glasgow with my family and my children and my wife and I went swimming in the hotel pool. And after it, me and my son were in the hotel gym changing rooms and there was an older gentleman in there, quite a fat man, who, in a public changing rooms, walked across to the hairdryer blow-dried his hair and then just did his genitals. And just stood there and hair-dried his genitals in a public... And I thought, "I've never felt that need." And it shocked me to an extent. So there you have it. Is that a thing? Is that an actual thing? Because, you know, I've towel dried and I occasionally get a handful of talcum powder and throw it at the bit in-between the genitals and the bum hole. Shall we just do a straw poll? Hands up, guys, anyone that's dried their genitals with a hairdryer. LAUGHTER Really? Three people, four people. Now, I have now obviously! But not in a swimming-pool changing room? No. It's a complicated system of rules and etiquette in one of those places. About where you're supposed to look. I looked and it wasn't on the chart. There was "No Diving. No Bombing." But there was no... "No drying your pubes with a hairdryer." I'm convinced in every gym there's always one bloke who's just way too comfortable with being naked in a gym changing room. Yeah, but I wouldn't have had it pegged for this guy. LAUGHTER Is this too modern a grooming thing? When I was at university, me and all my housemates decided to separately Veet our bum holes. Is that a weird...? Oh! Just to... Hang on. Do what? So... Made it sound like we were a blood pact or something. But we were just talking about... I don't know how it came up but someone said, "Someone, such and such has Veet..." Veet is like hair-removal cream and obviously the bum hole can be a hairy area. Yeah. Veet is just like... Is it like Immac? It's a brand name, like Immac. I think it did used to be called Immac and it's changed to Veet. Is that right? There's a bit of murmuring. Yes, there's murmuring. It's like Marathon and Snickers. LAUGHTER Although, not to get them muddled up. Mind you, a Marathon in your bum hole, that's a whole different thing. Maybe that's why you're Veeting it. I don't know. LAUGHTER Yeah. It all went a lot more smoothly.. Yeah. ..after the Veet. How many of you? Once you start doing it, though, you can't... {\an5}The floodgates are open, you've got to do it every few months after that. Like Pringles. Yeah, once... Once you pop, you can't stop. Yeah. It makes... I'd really recommend it, genuinely, because you don't get... This is disgusting. You don't get the... Like I thought it was going to be anything but with this subject. You don't get the bum chunks, you know? No-one ever talks about them but every guy has them and it gets rid of them. That guy, see, he knows. I'm not sure every guy has them. It can take ages, it cuts out a lot of the time, you know? What can take ages? Wiping your bum without... You know. What are you doing... What are you doing with all this free time? Have you taken up squash or something? Do you know, if there was a programme called Loose Men, this is what it would be like. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE It would. The door's open for you. That is a very good title for a show. That really... Loose Men? Loose Men. Well, I'm pleased everything's going so well for you now. Yeah. Did you all do it? I mean, how did you verify each other's bum holes? No, we just trust. You had to trust in each other. We trust each other. {\an5}"So I have Veeted." Was it a pact? It was a communal tube in the bathroom, so it was just... Why is that now the weird bit? It's like... "If you do it to yourself, it's fine with your own one." That's why it feels so peculiar because the bloke's drying himself {\an5}with the hairdryer. The hairdryer's not in contact with any of his body parts, is it? No, in a way, it's fine, isn't it? It's fine isn't, it? Yeah. He's only had it in his hand like everyone else but it's odd. {\an5}If it came to it, you might use a different hairdryer, for no reason that makes any logical sense. And, for some reason, people here find it disgusting that you didn't have your own tube of Veet. LAUGHTER Even though the tube isn't going anywhere. It's just in the hands of you and your weird friends. In your weird hairless house. LAUGHTER Now tell me, "Tommy Tiernan is a very charitable man." What's gone on there, Tom? It's a big story this one, Alan. Um, I'm not even sure where to start it. It's a long... I could come at this story from a myriad of... ..er, places. I'm not even sure the one I'm going to choose will be the right one. But I have to decide now. I'd say, about eight years ago, I was getting very tired of my style of stand-up, you know. I was angry on stage and I was shouting and it was a very kind of sneery comedy. So I thought I need to change my style. How do you change your style of stand-up? I thought I'll go on stage and I'll keep talking until I'm not angry any more. I'll talk it out of myself. So I decided to establish the world record for the... In my shy, retiring way... ..for the world's longest stand-up comedy gig. Er, and I thought by the end of it... You couldn't be angry for 36 hours, you know. ..that, eventually, a softer style would emerge. And I decided that I would do it for a charity in Galway that deals with homeless boys, you know. So, er, we did the gig. It lasted 36 hours and 15 minutes and we raised 20,000 Irish pounds for this charity. And the charity... On the board of management are the Catholic Church. And they refused the donation... ..because... LAUGHTER Yes? I decided that Easter weekend would make a great... LAUGHTER ..weekend for a long stand-up comedy gig. So we started at three o'clock on Good Friday, just as Christ was being... LAUGHTER ..was being crucified and I talked until he got up from the dead. LAUGHTER I talked, er... APPLAUSE I talked until dawn on Easter Sunday. And the, er... When we went to give money to the organisation, they said it was... They couldn't accept it because of the blasphemous nature of the way it had been raised, that laughing over the course of the crucifixion, er... LAUGHTER ..was ill-judged and not sensitive. I have a problem with that. So what we did was... So they refused the donation. And, eventually, what we did was about three or four months later, the charity mysteriously received an anonymous donation of £20,000, which they accepted. Oh! Mmm! LAUGHTER So that's the story of that. Were you doing the same show repeated or did you manage to make up new things for that entire time? Well, I've been doing stand-up for about 15 years, so I had everything I'd ever come up with. I got it out in front of me and I reckoned I could do... I reckoned I had 22 hours of material and I thought I'd just busk the last 14. LAUGHTER I thought, by that stage, you know, I'll be on a roll. And the new softer style will be emerging. It would have to. The new tired style. I want to know what happened to your anger, though. Did ii dissipate? Do you know what? It did. Um, I didn't notice it until October of that year. Er... By the time I had the strength to start doing shows again. Yeah. But, absolutely, my style changed. It became softer, more playful and a bit more... Before that, it was so... I was like Frankie Boyle on cheap speed. You weren't like that when you started off, were you? No. Do you remember him being angry and sneery? No. I don't No, I don't remember you being that way. I'm surprised. Do you think you felt that of yourself? Or was that really...? Er, I know I got into a lot of trouble with the angry stuff. Did you? Yeah. With the audiences or with reaction by...? No. I was banned from tours of America, banned from tours of Canada. I had a hit... There was.. The Irish police came and told me there was... My name was on... A hit list. ..a hit list. Genuinely. No, it was very bad. I got into lots and lots of trouble. Because, at the time, it was the destructive stuff I found funny. You know, just causing the most mayhem, saying the most offensive thing, that's what I got a kick out of. And then I kind of got tired of that. That's fine and that's a legitimate way of doing stand-up and it's good to have stand-ups who do that. But it's a terrible place to live. So, after two years, I said "I need to change style here." And the only way I could think of doing it was by doing... Just keep talking, get up and keep talking until you're not angry any more and it worked. Well, it sort of worked, though, because surely you talked the anger out of yourself and they gave the cheque back and you went, "Oh, for f...!" LAUGHTER Immediately. "Guess who's back?!" "Fuck you! Fuck you!" LAUGHTER "Oh, we've got to do another marathon. {\an5}Ring on the doorbell. Guy with a really fantastic bunch of flowers {\an5}from a friend of mine. Me, really bad tempered, "Oh, for fuck's sake, got to find a fucking vase now, have I?" You know? Jo Brand, your CV is colourful. It's not really. Is it just that it's on coloured paper? SHE LAUGHS No, it's just... I'm sure everyone has a CV with very weird jobs on it. But you did lots of jobs before you started comedy, didn't you? I did. You really were a proper working human... I was. ..out in the world. My first job was pulling the heads off chrysanthemums in a flower nursery, until I got the sack because I pulled every head off. You're actually meant to pull the little ones off so the big one grew. But I didn't really listen.. I didn't really listen to the instructions. You just went around taking the heads off all the flowers? I know, that seems a bit cruel, doesn't it? I bloody hate flowers. Actually, I don't hate them that much. But when I was... When I'd just had my first baby... Women here will concur with this, You don't get any sleep, so you're extraordinarily bad tempered the whole time for about eight years. And, um, I remember, like, the first week, I'd had no sleep at all. Ring on the doorbell. Guy with a really fantastic bunch of flowers from a friend of mine. Me, really bad tempered, "Oh, for fuck's sake, got to find a fucking vase now, have I?" You know, every joy of life is ruined when you're tired, isn't it? Anyway, I hate flowers. So, what else have I done? Oh, yeah, I worked in a kitchen for a while for a very temperamental French chef, who once got me to peel a whole bowl of garlic and then he knocked it off the side when he walked passed it and just went, "Pick it up!" Like that to me. So I did... Where's he buried? LAUGHTER No, I picked it all up and it took bloody ages on my hands and knees and then I up-ended the bowl on the floor again and went, "Now you pick it up." Do you know what? It made me feel great. But I didn't keep that job. LAUGHTER I also worked cleaning a TB hospital. That's one of my favourites. Yikes! I know. Did you say TV? TB. Oh! Yes. What did you think I said? I thought you said "TV hospital". Like you were a reporter on Casualty or something. That sounds all right. But TB hospital sounds awful. It was, there was a lot of coughing. Yeah? Yes. Where and when did they have TB over here? Er, well, this was in the early 1970s, I'm actually a lot older than I look. Not! I'm 71. He's like Paxman over there, isn't he? Um... Paxman! He's like Paxman, rigorous! "When was this?" I'm more like an Aldi version of Roy Keane. Ah! Um... What I used to like about that job was that they would give us a free lunch and when I went home I would... My mum had also cooked lunch as well and I'd never tell them I'd already had one. And this is the result, obviously, I feel bad about it. But I think my favourite job was being a hop-picker, which I think I've mentioned before as a precursor to something else that happened in my life. But hop-picking, if no-one's done it, please have a go, it's such a brilliant laugh. I did it with... There were no woman at all, it was all teenage blokes who were stoned right from the get go. So we would just have a load of dope sprinkled on toast before we started work and then the giggling would start and that would go on all day. And the way that it worked was, one person drove the tractor, one stood up in this crow's nest and another one hooked the hops in. That's what you're meant to do anyway. What we would do is, we would stick a knife up in the ground, drive a tractor over it, "Oh, we've got a puncture." So that would take about four hours to mend and then, when it was mended, because we were down in Sussex, we would just go on a drive to Bodiam Castle on our hop-picking tractor. Have a little rest, come back, go home. It was marvellous. I was quite rebellious. I got thrown out of home when I was 16 for being "not a very nice person to live with" and having a boyfriend who was the local heroin dealer. Which, for some reason, my dad didn't really like. I don't know why. I thought that was very unreasonable of him. The problem with my parents was they did not compromise one little bit. And that's what I learnt from being a teenager that you do actually have to do a bit of give and take, you know. But they never let me do anything and I think that's what happens, you know, as a teenager, if your parents are really strict. Compromise would've been useful. It would. You could have said to them, "Is it OK if I go out with the local heroin dealer?" Yeah. And they could have said, "We'd prefer the ecstasy guy." LAUGHTER Compromise. You could have had some better nights out and everything could have moved along fine. Yeah. Now, Tommy Tiernan, "the very strange man"? Was it someone you knew, the strange man who told you a strange thing? No, no, no. It was a long time ago. Was it? Was it as a child? No, it was on the occasion of my 22nd birthday. I was given a present of, like, a real, genuine, bona-fide astrological reading by an astrologer. So you come with your time of birth, your place of birth and your date of birth and he gets that information beforehand and then does a huge chart of your life. So I went to this... It was Ed Sheeran's uncle... Really? ..who was doing this. So he had all the information for about a week beforehand and then... You just never know, do you? No. With Tommy. Bill Sheeran, Bill Sheeran, Ed Sheeran's uncle was an astrologer in the west of Ireland. Um... So he did out this huge chart for me, saying where all the planets were, when I was born and all the different influences and explained all the different things that would happen in my life and had happened and stuff like that and it was all overwhelming and it seemed very scientific and stuff like that. And the idea came into my head of asking him,... .."Do you know when I was going to die?" He said he did. He didn't normally tell people but because it was my birthday... LAUGHTER He... So he unfurled the last bit of the chart, like something from a movie on a pirate ship. And he told me when I was going to die... ..and what I was going to die from. That's the end of that story. LAUGHTER Has the date come yet? Unless this is the afterlife. LAUGHTER And this could be a repeat. LAUGHTER I may have... I may have... Well, I... Have you ever told anyone the time and the date? Did you keep it to yourself? I told the girl who got me the present of the reading and we're not together any more. So, yeah, I have that information. Yeah. And he was really serious about that? Absolutely, completely, yeah. He was shocked when I asked him but a very honest man. There was no... He didn't seem airy-fairy or stuff like that, he seemed to take it very seriously. And after persuading him he said, "Yeah, OK, I can do that." So he told me when and then he, um, he said, "I can probably tell what you're going to die from as well." I said, "OK." And so he did. So, what are you going to do on the day? I mean, is it an accident... I thought... ..or an illness? It's a er... It's not an accident. It's a murder. By him just to prove he's right. Yeah, if you wake up in the morning and Bill Sheeran's on your doorstep, don't let him in. No. I find it inspiring, actually. I don't know, I'm 46 now. I don't know if it's a getting-older thing anyway when you start to, you know, lose your hair and become aware of your mortality. But I kind of feel as if it's not a bad pressure to have, the pressure to live a good life and live as fine a life as you can. What will you be like if you wake up the next day and it hasn't happened? He hasn't given me a day, he's kind of given me an 18-month time. Oh, so he hasn't actually named a date? No, he just said, "Around this time." Are we in the 18-month window at the moment? No, we're not. No. Is it coming up soon? No, er... I feel like we're in it. I know. Two things. One is this is absolute bollocks. {\an5}The other thing is, it seems like the most private and personal thing that you shouldn't asksomeone. If that was a thing that people knew in life, the date of their death, {\an5}and no-one ever told anyone what it was. That would be the biggest secret in your life. {\an5}I tell you what, it would revolutionise the credit card industry, wouldn't it? If you knew. LAUGHTER Suddenly, we're not so keen after all. "Graham spent a lot on his card Tuesday." "Oh, shit, did he?" "Normally, such a sensible guy." Then Wednesday morning... Yeah. Did it make you a cynic as it happened? Like, when he was telling you the early stuff like, "Your life will be like this, it'll be great, you'll drive this car "and then you're going to die at that period." Were you like, "Oh, this is all bullshit after all!" No, I kind of... I suppose I'll be highly suggestible and I... I... I... I kind of... I liked believing him. Oh, right. Oh, great! And, er... So, yeah, it's far away enough now that I... And close enough. Yeah. I don't know how seriously to take it really. I haven't... Hopefully, he'll call you and say, "I'm so sorry, I made a terrible mistake." "It was the wrong chart." Someone else's chart. So, yeah. Oh, no. I know David Renwick, who writes Jonathan Creek and many other things. When he started his career, he was a journalist at a local paper in Luton, and one of the jobs he had as a young journalist was doing the horoscopes. HE LAUGHS The person who normally did them wasn't in that day. {\an5}"Do the horoscopes." "What? I don't know anything about it." "It doesn't matter." Just write stuff. Yeah. Some stranger's going to come into your life. You might meet someone. Some 18-month window in the future you will die. I mean, I could have said that and it's exactly the same amount of credibility, really, hasn't it? What's this about you knowing your place anyway? What is your place? Oh, I don't read reviews. I used to read comedy reviews and I used to Google myself and all that stuff you do when you're naive before you realise how people are mean about you. And the positive bit of me thinks, "Oh, they're not writing that stuff online for me to read." They don't think for a second I would go home and google "Alun Cochrane at gig" or "Comedian Alun Cochrane." So I don't get involved in any of that now. {\an5}I know it's out there and I'm sure there are some people saying nice things and slagging me off. I don't read any of it. But you literally can't escape it. I was walking my son to school earlier this year and he said to me something along the lines of, "Dad, I'm going to put the family into an order "and the game is you have to guess what the order is." And I said, "All right, let's do it, {\an5}"this sounds like a fun way of whiling away the short journey to your school." I think that's what I said. And it was the dog. It's not a good start already, is it? The dog is the first out of the hat. Even on the journey to school, I was thinking, "This had better be fastest fucking runner." Um... We've got a whippet, she's definitely the fastest runner. Actually, my name should be next out the hat, I'm second fastest. The dog is the best one in the family. She's the best at something. And so I was thinking, "It's probably fastest runner." It was the dog, his little sister, his mum, him and then me. {\an5}And it's not a long walk to his school but I was on it like Hercule Poirot. It was, as he perceives it, age seven, the order of funniness of members of his family. LAUGHTER And I, the professional stand-up comedian, got bottom billing in my own home. Well, you're the opening act. Top billing went to a creature that regularly eats shit. That does not seem fair, does it? And I felt terrible having the dog destroyed, I'm not going to lie. What is it about the dog that's so funny to him? No idea, I never got to that. I was too self-absorbed. "What do you mean you don't think I'm funny?!" And then going, "I don't read my press anyway." "I'm not interested in the reviews." But, yeah, you know, it's quite... You don't want to be that dad in the playground going, "My funniness paid for your school shoes." All the other parents going, "Oh, God! That guy that is sometimes on Dave's angry, isn't he?" LAUGHTER Yeah, so I know my place. You know your place. Yeah, they do serve you up a slice of humble pie when you want it. How old is your oldest? He's the oldest, he's coming up to eight. He's seven. When do you think you might let him watch one of your gigs? Oh! 18? 16, maybe 16. Yeah. He'll YouTube it, though, before then, surely. Oh, yeah, that's true. Has he got any sense of what you do, though? Yeah, yeah. He does know that...? {\an5}There was a little while where, I think, other people tried to give him that sense and theywould say, {\an5}"You know your dad's a comedian?" And he would be looking as if, like, "Yeah? And?" I don't... It just didn't really... "Think he's funny, check out the dog." Yeah, yeah, exactly. That is exactly it. And then... He's got two-million subscribers. My daughter came home from school, her first day at primary school, and she went, "Mum?" I went, "Yeah?" She went, "Are you Jo Brand?" LAUGHTER It was lovely but she doesn't... You know. She doesn't... You don't normally call your mum by both names. No, absolutely. {\an5}"Cathy Martin, can I have some dinner?" That's my mum's name by the way, obviously. My mums name's Mrs Cochrane, we're a very formal family. I still don't know her first name. My son came to... When he was 16, came to one of my shows and the last 15 minutes of the show were just filth, like, complete muckeridge. And... LAUGHTER Aural porn, it was just the most... I had a potty mouth. And, er, we had a three-hour drive back after and he spent the entire time just looking out the passenger window. LAUGHTER At night, at his own reflection. {\an5}When you're doing the monologue, crying to your children {\an5}of just inserting "Fucking wake up, Dad!" LAUGHTER I did a school play and I was Macduff in Macbeth and it's about half an hour and I look in the front row and my dad's there asleep. Half an hour in. Did you try and wake him? Or do your lines loudly? No, I just was like, "Come on!" He falls asleep, it's his son in a play. It was kind of minimalist, and so I was Macduff and there's a bit where you have to... It's so minimalist, the only prop was my baby. You have to cry over your dead babies as Macduff. My babies were a pillow. {\an5}So I'm, like, crying over this pillow, and he slept for the whole thing basically. You weren't attempted to use, when you were doing the monologue, crying to your children of just inserting, "Fucking wake up, Dad!" LAUGHTER No? "This child doth sleep the long sleep of... For fuck's sake!" LAUGHTER "Long into the night of death... Fucking wake up!" LAUGHTER "All the other fucking dads are awake." Maybe they weren't, the whole row... And all the dads go, "Blblblblblblbl!" Oh, you're very funny when you're angry like that. LAUGHTER Now, Jo Brand, is the real cost of knowledge is it in anyway similar to knowing when you're going to die? Is it that sort of knowledge? Well, it came out of a seance... Oh, did it? ..that statement, Well, no. We... I used to share a flat with three people in Tunbridge Wells, which, as you probably know, is a very posh place. It was on the Pantiles, which is a very ancient part of Tunbridge Wells in a very old house, probably 400-500 years old. And it always felt a bit weird in there. So one night when we were pissed, we decided to have a seance and we didn't ask any questions, we just let the glass kind of move. And it spelt out, "Knowledge is not free." Which is quite a weird thing, isn't it, really? Um, and so we asked it, "What price is knowledge?" And it spelt out, "Your life." And just shot off the table. "So we all kind of went, "Oooohh!" You never get positive stuff out of these readings. No, I know. You never get a reading, "Everything will be all right." That'd be nice. You're not going to die. So we stopped after that because we were all a bit freaked out. Mainly because we were so drunk. And went to bed and I went to sleep and woke up about two o'clock in the morning and in the kind of semi-darkness saw someone standing in the corner of the room. Er... Yeah. Bill Sheeran. LAUGHTER Well, Bill Sheeran in drag with a Victorian bonnet on. But anyway, he looked very nice. At the same time, my friend who was in the other room, sort of quite a long way away says, and I don't know about this, that a coat hanger flew out of the wardrobe and hit the opposite wall. It was all kind of getting a bit kind of, you know, Hammer Horror by then. And also she said as well that she was sat up in bed having a cigarette and something made her burn herself. But, possibly, she's a bit mad. I don't know. Perhaps falling asleep whilst smoking. Yes, it may have been that, I don't know. My girlfriend, now wife, once tried to scare me. She'd just got out the shower, she was in the bathroom, she thought she was scaring me, jumped out, and she didn't have any clothes on, but it wasn't me. LAUGHTER It was Brenda, our cleaner. She's very small and she's Irish, Irish lady. She's full of superstitions like don't put your shoes on the table {\an5}and all kinds of things. Not cleaning above head height is one of her things. LAUGHTER But our adorable much-loved Brenda shat herself. LAUGHTER Completely. But then also the shame of the nakedness and all of it was too much for either of them. So my wife went and got dressed and they sort of passed each other a couple of times in the kitchen and she kept trying to say to her, "I'm really sorry by the way." Brenda would go, "No, no." LAUGHTER You know, "We should never speak of this." "It's better this way." They've never had a conversation about it. I heard a story about you. Really? Just collecting... I don't know if it's true or not but I've told it loads of times. Well then, therefore it will be. Did you once, um, er, er,... ..get persuaded to walk a young lady home and enter a room full of pictures of you on the wall? No, that's an episode of Alan Partridge. Is that television? Yeah. I've told that story to so many people. No, that's not... No, I don't think that's ever happened. How's that come about in your head? This little kind of moment in my brain opened up and said, "Remind Alan of the time "he didn't do something you saw on television." With another Alan, it's an obvious join there. Now listen, we need to think of a title. I hate to bring us all down but we all know that we are going to die, that is, you know... That is true. You're looking for a title, yeah? What about, We're All Going To Die? Alan Says We're All Going To Die. We're all going to die. Tommy May Or May Not Die Before Us. Or you could call it, Not Even As Funny As The Dog. APPLAUSE Yeah. Well, in an effort to come up with a title, perhaps we just need to order the guests in funniness. We'll put Alun Cochrane first. Finally, top of the pile. Loose Men With Chris Martin. Put that in the Radio Times, we'll have about a million viewers. Dave will crash. But something... Your arsehole's going to feature, I know your arsehole's going to feature somewhere in it. Tommy Tiernan Knows When He's Going To Die. I quite like. Was there an actual ghost in your room, do you think? Or was it a dressing gown on the back of the door or something? I think it was an actual ghost. Do you really? Yes. Well, listen, audience, please will you thank all my guests? Alun Cochrane. APPLAUSE Jo Brand. APPLAUSE Tommy Tiernan. APPLAUSE Chris Martin. APPLAUSE I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching Loose Men With Chris Martin. Thank you very much. APPLAUSE Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 