Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e2 - Thirty-Five Quid for This - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 2 - Thirty-Five Quid for This - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm very excited. This is cash up front, right? It's arguably too hot for this coat but it's my best one so I really had to wear it. You might notice a certain swagger about me today. That's because I've flown here from Manchester and I got an upgrade from cargo to economy, so... {\an1}APPLAUSE AND CHEERING Hello and welcome to As Yet Untitled. I'm Alan Davis, this is the show where I get to talk to four very funny people about whatever we like. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We don't have any agenda and they don't have anything to flog particularly, we're just here really to try and come up with a title for the show. And to do that, I need my guests, so, please, will you welcome them? {\an1}APPLAUSE AND CHEERING Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello. Welcome to you all. Now, who do we have here? We have Sarah Kendall. Sarah Kendall has upset rock royalty, Sarah Kendall is here. John Thomson is here. John Thomson closed Euro '96 and once had socks with Victor Meldrew. Fantastic to have Matt Lucas with us. Matt Lucas knows a lovely place to stay in Denmark. So that's good. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A very nice place to stay in Denmark, yep. Very good. And Stu Goldsmith. Stu has a lucrative sideline in men's toilets. It's true. It's slightly... Are you at the right temperature? Because this is the moment where we can adjust it. I think I'm going to get hot. You think you're hot? I think the air con is on now. OK, I can't take this jacket off, though. Why, what happens? The T-shirt smells a bit. I don't care, do you care, John? You don't mind? Do you mind? No, I like that... You know, like the song, Feel Like A Natural Woman? Yes. You probably smell like one. I definitely smell like a natural woman. OK. But it's... Sounds like we're all for it. Really? Yes? Absolutely. I'm, I'm not for it. You're not for it? No. I think you're at a safe distance. Yeah, well, OK, we'll see. That's ominous. Performance shirts get a funny smell about them. That's your gig shirt at the moment, is it? Yeah, yeah. {\an5}What's on it? Who is it? It's just Fleetwood Mac. Oh, just Fleetwood Mac? It's just Fleetwood Mac. But I don't know, I think performance sweat is a bit smellier. It's a different smell, you think it's a different scent? Yeah, it is, I think it smells a bit like cat piss. It's got a scent of panic or something in it. Well, that's totally different. The natural woman, I'm all right with... The scent of panic. ..but if you're going to take that off and smell like a litter tray... Yes, you make me feel... ..I'm against it. Tell me about when you've upset rock royalty, what happened there? Well, I was in the Hare and Tortoise one day, just having... in a restaurant with my kids and Brian May came in... Right. ..and there was like this palpable excitement, everyone's like, "Right, Brian May!" and he's got this iconic mane of hair and people were trying to be cool but everyone had sort of clocked him and he was sitting at the next table. My daughter was just staring at him, she's just five and she just couldn't take her eyes off him. Massive Brian May fan? Yeah. And then she just said really loudly, "Mummy, why's that old lady wearing a wig?" Amazing! That's so great. I said, "Shut your face!" But I think, I don't know, but I think he might have heard her, I don't think he gave a shit, to be honest, he's Brian May. Who gives a shit? Oh, it would've been good if he'd just taken it off. And it had turned out to be an old lady in a wig, it would have been great. It's always fascinated me as a style, cos it's only him who has it, I don't know if anyone else kind of wants to emulate it. I can appreciate the length here, but it does beg the question, is it a piece? I don't think so. I think it's real. It looks very real to me. I really don't think it's a piece. I've really always thought he looks like a Vic Reeves drawing of Brian May, do you know what I mean? He looks like a kind of a character, it's all sort of elongated, isn't it? It is extraordinary, though, when you're sitting across from someone and you just think... I can hum, like, guitar solos that are such a part of our culture and they're so famous and there's just this person sitting there. You can hum guitar solos? I can hum... I wish I hadn't said it like that now, but I'm familiar... I'm pleased you did, because now you can. Yeah. No, I can't actually. What... Go on. OK... What about "Hello", Lionel Ritchie? The acoustic one. Oh... {\an1}SHE HUMS No, that's the song. Can you sing it? {\an1}HE HUMS {\an1}HE HUMS MORE ENTHUSIASTICALLY Sort of like that. The good thing is, you only have to pay permission if it genuinely sounds like the tune, so... We're all right. For copyright, so you're fine. We're fine. Oh, sorry. No, it was good. I'm a drummer, really, so... You are a great drummer, actually. That's not my... Are you? Really? I'm a proper drummer, yeah, yeah. Do you still drum regularly? No, not as much as I should. Have you got the kits at home? I've got two, I've got an acoustic, which is a Gretsch, and then I've got a digital TD-20, it's a rolling... I've been wondering about whether to get one, a digital one. Are you detached or are you semi? Right, OK, well... STU: You're making this up! This is not real! No, this is serious! Neighbours are an issue. He's talking about neighbours. He actually means houses. Not detached kits. Oh, OK. You can't have a semidetached drum kit. Well... Well, you could. That was my point. I have this really childish thing, when everybody says semi, I think of a hard-on. Do you? If someone does... A detached one? Jesus. If they go, "It's a semi," I... SHE SNORTS WITH LAUGHTER {\an1}JOHN: It's like semi-professional. SHE SNORTS AGAIN I think of professional with a semi. Someone who really just enjoys his work too much. Just a little bit too much, a little bit too much. Yeah, yeah. Have you ever been aroused on stage? I mean, talking about semi-professional... Has it ever happened to you during a gig or something like that? It's happened to me filming, yeah. Really? Really? Yeah. What happened? Oh, it's a long story. Go on, we've got time. It's an hour long, this show. Don't tell him. No, it's a long show, it's a long show. Well, it feels long. Go on. Joke, joke, joke. OK. What have I...? Why, I oughta! OK, I was filming Cold Feet and there was an episode that was kind of very sexual and I had a fantasy girlfriend who worked behind the bar and I had my wife as well and what we had to do was film two scenes. One was like, you know, I was making love to my wife, but I was seeing the girl that was my fantasy, but a really hard job, I had to do it to both... Yeah. So anyway, so they got Fay in and she had to straddle me and she kind of like simulated quite a way away from the old chap so there was nothing... There wasn't really any contact. Very considerate. When they brought in the other, my fantasy girl, who I was subsequently told... I think she was a Dolly Dealer on Play Your Cards Right... And I think these weren't real, the way they moved... Anyway... ..she did the polar opposite... Right. ..and got right on it... Right. ..and ground me. Right. And then you became... Alert! Yeah, well, then she got off me and then there was a kind of... A make-up artist went... MOUTHS SILENTLY And I went... So, yeah, it was a semi, though. It was a semi. It wasn't a full salute, it wasn't the... I wonder if there's... Is there a job on TV sets... Like, you know on porn sets, you get a "fluffer", is there a "de-fluffer"? A de-fluffer? For sex scenes, that runs on and distracts you with some facts about the Battle of Britain. Yeah. I used to do it and I would always carry a picture of Ann Widdecombe and I would just... "Here. Yeah, good? OK?" And then you run off. But could you joke... I mean, did you joke about it with, er... Fay was furious, and she tells the story that I... Oh, because she didn't arouse you? No, I didn't get it up for Fay. but if Fay had just moved that few inches further, I would gladly have done it. She was nowhere near it. Of course. It's only right to do it. Well, I do have another one. Another actor did... A similar thing happened, he was... He went in a pair of pants and the wardrobe gave him another. They double up your pants, usually, to protect your modesty. And my mate, he had... Steel pants! My mate told me about, he had to do a scene where the same thing happened, and she got off and then they had to re-jig the cameras and he looked down and he... You know those stickers that say "quality control"? "Checked by number two." It was stuck round the end and he went... He had a look and he went... "Bloody hell." Anyway, he turned to the actress who'd he'd just done the scene with and said, "Here, have a look at this, "you're not going to believe it." She went, "What? Go on." And he went... And it had gone! STU: Oh, my God. The sticker had come off and she went "You dirty bastard! "How dare you!" And he was frantically looking for... So there you go. LOUD APPLAUSE They loved that story. Thank you. Thank you! {\an8}Do it, I'm not going to do it. {\an8}I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it. {\an8}Still do it. I'm not going to do it. There is a game that I played at Glastonbury Festival with some friends of mine last year. Right. And the name of the game is Get Down, Mr President. And the way you start... Do you know one of those drinking games where everyone has to, like, touch the table and when you see people doing it, you've all got to do it and the last person to do it has to drink, are you familiar with that? You're all looking at me blankly. There's some people in the audience... Three people in the audience going "Yes, I know the game." So this game, how you play it is you start a round by... You're always playing it forever from now on. And you start a round by going like that, as if you're part of the presidential security detail. And then everyone else has to do that... Just play along, guys. OK, so because you're last to do it, you didn't... Take your hand down, say you didn't get there in time, we are all now the security guards and we all look at him who hasn't noticed and we all shout "Get down, Mr President!" And bundle him, right? Ah. So it provides a narrative sort of theatrical context for the game. Can I just interject briefly? Sometimes, does someone put their hand there and it's quite a long time before everyone else starts going, "Oh, hello, we're on"? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. A bit like Wink Murder? A little bit, yeah. Yeah. And that adds to kind of the tension, you can be there for ages, going, "Any minute now." I mean, a lot of the time, you then remember you didn't explain the rules to anyone and you're just... But what can also happen, as I found out to someone else's cost... The festival last year was... We'd mentioned the game but people really hadn't gone with it, but I was like, "I'm sure it's a great game." And they definitely all knew the rules, so we were chatting with my fiancee's friend, Rick, who is a lovely, slight man, he's a really lovely guy and I went like this and he went like that as well, although, on reflection, he may have been on his phone and... ..as a result, his friend went like that and so then I just saw that, saw red, I shouted at Rick, I went, "Get down, Mr President!" No-one else joined in and I basically jumped on this guy and clobbered him onto the floor and his foot hit the metal tent post. Oh, no! And he seemed to be OK but he was a bit drunk so maybe he wasn't. And then the next morning, we woke up in our tent and we got a text and he'd been taken to the medical tent and he had to leave Glastonbury. And he missed Dolly Parton. JOHN AND SARAH: Nooooo! And I'm a total beast, I'm a complete bastard. Oh, I'm moving. Cos, from everyone else's point of view... Playing a childish game, Stu. It just look like I shouted for no reason. You did! You did. I'm not that kind of... You are. I'm not one of those horseplay sort of people. You are. You're horrible. You can tell by the way I go "horseplay", it's not really me. So I just landed on... I felt so bad. If this had happened in California, you would have been sued, and quite rightly. Horrible man, what a horrible man. Thanks to my brief. Why did you introduce me to this horrible man? Where there's blame, there's a claim. "Thanks to my brief," I just got that... Tell me about having socks with Victor Meldrew. What does that even mean? OK, sounds like a right name-drop story, so... Well, he's not a real person, so don't worry too much about it. I remember working with an actor and he... This aside, cos there is a bit of name-dropping coming into this. We were doing a film and we're all sat round in someone's hotel room like you do, all drinking and everything and he decided to do a character assassination of everybody in the room. And he was like, "You, you talk too much. You, you're angry "and I don't know why." And he went to me, "You, John, you name-drop all the time." And I went... HE GASPS "Wait till I tell Roger Moore." Ha-ha! So I was doing a film and Richard Wilson was in it and Bill Murray was in it as well... Clang. Pick that one up. It was really exciting cos it was one of the first feature films I'd ever done and I was really excited. And, er... The wardrobe, er, bus was... They're few and far between, these particular modes of transport. It's a wardrobe bus where it's like there are changing cubicles all the way along. So you go on and when you're on location, sometimes you change in whatever you're in, a Winnebago or a three-way, they call it, so it's like your own little area, your own little space, but this, it had kind of like cubicles all the way along. And I seemed to remember at that time in the film, it was split shifts, so, as I was leaving... I was playing Russian KGB at the time. As I was leaving... Of course. Vic... Richard Wilson was just arriving and so I heard him come in and they went, "Oh, hello, Richard." He went, "Hello." And they went, "Are you OK?" He went, "Yeah, I've just got to get myself a cup of tea." So he went off. Anyway, then I was there... and I thought, "Hang on, I can have some fun here." So I'm behind this curtain, changing out of my clothes, my costume into my thing, and the woman, the wardrobe woman, went, "Is everything all right, Richard?" And I went... HE CLEARS HIS THROAT AS RICHARD: "No! "As a matter of fact, no, one of these socks is brown "and the other one is blue." "Show some bloody professionalism, woman!" And she went, "I'm so sorry!" I went, "Well, sort it out!" "Good God, woman." And I just got ready and went, but to this day I'd have loved to be a fly on the wall when he comes in and goes, "Hello," and they've gone, "I'm so sorry about the socks, Richard!" And he went, "What are you talking about?!" Do you know what I mean? But you never told him or them? You just walked away and left it? I just walked away and left it. They hate him on the costume circuit now. I left it! But you've pretended to be people before, haven't you? I've done it, yeah. I've done it... The thing is about being an impressionist, it's kind of... It's hard because it's a bit naff, really, and ended up here and kind of, I feel ashamed... Can I just say... No, it's amazing! ..you have done it, but it's been tremendously entertaining. Yeah. Yeah... So you've enriched. But I'm really suffering at the hands of Yewtree now. There's so many people I can't do. Oh, I can't do... I'm the same. I do a great... I do a great Jimmy Savile. Oh, Jimmy. I used to do Jimmy Savile in my first ever stand-up act. Rolf Harris, it's a great Rolf. Do it, do it. I'm not going to do it. I do still do it. I used to do this bit in my first... Do Vicky Pollard instead. I love Vicky Pollard. Tell me, cos it is just for me... Yeah. ..where Vicky Pollard came from. Cos didn't you meet somebody or something who was the inspiration for it? Yeah, I was at Bristol University and actually, so was David Walliams before me, cos he's considerably older than I am and... {\an1}LAUGHTER ..and I was on this Theatre, Film and Television course, which wasn't really an acting course, it was more like you would make films and you would write about theatre. And we were set the task of doing a little six-minute documentary. We were in groups of four and I had the idea for our group, which was to go up to people and go, "How are you?" And just see how they responded, because my theory was that people would not answer honestly. And we went up to... It was actually a little boy and I went, "How are you?" And he went... BRISTOL ACCENT: "Sort of like, do you know, but, like, I dunno?" And I went... So I'd do a follow-up question, "How do you feel about me asking you that question?" BRISTOL ACCENT: "Sort of like, I dunno, but, like, sort of, like, "I dunno, I feel like, I dunno, like, you asked me a question, "but, like, I dunno, like, "the question or something or nothing, I dunno." So I showed this film to David and we just laughed cos I said, "Look, this is the least articulate person on the planet." And so we were creating these characters and I said, "Wouldn't it be great to have a really inarticulate character?" And then we started to think, why is the character inarticulate? Because they've done something wrong and they're buying time and defending themselves. Then it just kind of morphed into a teenage girl, which felt fun and it was just a very happy accident because I think we just caught something in the public mood that it just felt like there was a Vicky Pollard on every street corner. And also, if I may say, obviously a massive influence on us and something I was a huge fan of was The Fast Show, obviously. We're all a little bit jealous of you because... Why? ..when we kind of folded, we were still on VHS... Ah. Yeah, and we did miss out on a few DVD sales that you...got. But your stage show... But that's just voluntary. Your stage show, loved your TV show but your stage show... We did a double bill with The Fast Show, which actually, you were off for a week and I played a lot of your roles in the Fast Show Stage Show when you were away. That was the tour, was it? No, it was at Hammersmith Apollo, but we did the Shooting Stars Stage Tour at the end of 1996 and it was... We were so popular at the time, but Vic and Bob didn't really know... We didn't really know how to put that TV show on stage. But we did know that there were millions of people that wanted to come and see it. Exactly, yeah. So it happened and Vic and Bob and Marc Lamarr and Ulrika Jonsson and myself went on tour and the opening act was three people from Stars In Their Eyes. A Rod Stewart, a Neil Diamond and an Elton John. And I thought, "Oh, this is something brilliantly ironic from Reeves and Mortimer." Oh, my God. No, they genuinely thought people wanted to see this, which they didn't. But... Presumably, you were sat there waiting for the joke to happen. Yeah, yeah. Or some kind of twist on it. No joke, no joke. The brilliant thing was, I think tickets were, I don't know, £30 or £35, far too much, I'm sure. And there was a long delay on opening night. We were in Manchester and we're all stood behind the curtains and there were some technical problems. The audience were sat there for quite a long time and the lights would dim and then they would come back up again. Oh, no. Wow. Cos there was a problem. And the audience were getting restless. And just my abiding memory is, finally, we got the go-ahead, we get the thumbs-up from the tour manager, "We're going, OK." And the lights are starting to dim, but still everybody's waiting and I just hear some bloke in a Cockney accent shout out, "35 quid for this?! You fucking cunts!" ..and then, just at that split second, "Da da da da da daa"... and the whole auditorium... Oh, God. ..heard this, the whole auditorium. There was nobody that couldn't hear it, it was beautifully projected. Brilliant. In Manchester as well, the only Cockney... "35 quid for this, you fucking cunts!" And then the show started and we all came out like, wahey! # Welcome to Shooting Stars Welcome, whoever you are... # Big shit-eating grins on our faces. {\an8}The whole stadium goes absolutely mental and I went, {\an8}"Oh, my God, this is what it feels like! This is like Elvis!" I met you when you were quite young and you were doing Bernard Chumley. Sir Bernard, yeah, I was 18. And you said to me... And you were doing this course and you were saying, "I'm thinking about leaving the college course and doing comedy." And I said to you, "No, I think you should stay at college for "another three..." Thankfully, you ignored me, didn't you? I did, yeah. You never finished that course, did you, in the end? I didn't, no, I kept it open. In my second year of university, I did The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer and Shooting Stars. Then David Walliams and I went to the Edinburgh festival after my second year at university and we did our first show together and then got offered a TV series on Paramount which is now Comedy Central... Yes, that's right. ..off the back of it. Yeah. And so I expressed a desire to my family that I was going to leave university and my mother, who had... You know, my parents had worked so hard to send me to a good school and, you know, my mother and my grandmother, they were mortified, because the deal was, "Yeah, all right, you can go and be an actor "but you kind of should really get a degree..." Finish your course. Finish your course. That's what I said to you, like a parent... Yes, yes. ..and I'm 25 myself. I remember a conversation with you in Watford in the Pump House. That's right, yeah. It was the end of 1992, we had this conversation, you and me. And, er... And the deal was, I could go off and be an actor or a comedian or whatever, but I had to have a degree first so that, if I wasn't working, I could teach. And it was actually my late father who said to me... Who supported me leaving and he said, "The risk is in not leaving, "because you don't know if these opportunities are going to come..." "You know, come and find you again." So I left, but for ten years, I held my university place open. Did you really? Yeah. I had another friend who's a comedian and when she was at university, one of the blokes on the course said, "I'm thinking of leaving, we've got a band together." And they were like, "Don't be an idiot, finish your degree! "He's got a band together(!) Everyone's got a band together!" Anyway, he left... and he was Simon Le Bon. Wow. So, thank God he didn't stay to finish the course. My housemate at university, his cousin was in a band. And he said, "Oh, look, my cousin's band are touring "cos their album's coming out and they're just playing in the pub "just round the corner, do you want to come?" I was like, "What kind of music?" "Rock and roll." I was like, "Nah, don't want to go." It was Oasis. Yeah, yeah. Tell me about closing Euro '96 - what's that about? I suppose I'll have to, won't I? Yeah. OK. Comedy and music... don't work together, as a rule of thumb. I'll give you an example. Tommy Cooper supported the Police at Finsbury Park many moons ago and Sting was a huge Tommy fan, as I am and a lot of comedians are, as you know... And Sting thought it was a good idea to have Tommy Cooper as the support act for The Police. Anyway, no matter good you think Tommy Cooper is, he died on his arse and they threw bottles at him and it was really quite bad... It appals me to hear this, you know, and stuff was thrown at him and, in the end, he cut his act short. But, as he left, Sting was there waiting with his bass, and the rest of the band, and Tommy Cooper took one look at Sting and went, "Huh. Follow that." So... ..then I got asked to do Euro '96, with the knowledge of this, and I had to host the show. And at that time my character... For those of who that don't know, I do a politically correct version of Bernard Manning. So a PC Bernard Manning, er.. was kind of a... Was the show you had to host, was it a big...? Massive, massive concert, yes. With M People playing it. That's right. I went to it. You went to it, I... Massive stadium music gig. Yeah, massive. So they thought it was a good idea, so a local lad who does comedy, who does a parody of Bernard Manning to bring on the acts. It was a massive rock concert, really, 40,000 people, you know. And I thought, "Yeah, all right..." naively. It was me and Frank Sidebottom, Chris Sievey, who's sadly no longer with us. But Chris wears a papier-mache head and can do anything and doesn't have to speak, which he realised was a good idea, really. So he just put on a dust coat like Arthur English used to wear in Are You Being Served and just sweep up a bit, you know, in the background and he didn't say much. Anyway, I'm quite nervous because I've never done a gig this big ever and my job was to bring on the first act, which was Madness. So stage management were holding Madness in the wings and I went on and my opening.... In a cage. ..my opening gag as Bernard Righton is, "There's a black fellow, a Pakistani and a Jew "in a nightclub having a drink..." Right? Pause... "What a fine example of an integrated community." At this point, the whole stadium goes absolutely mental and I went, "Oh, my God, this is what it feels like! "This is like Elvis! This is..." And I looked over my shoulder and Madness had rushed the stage. And it wasn't for me at all, so I went... "Oh, no, God, this is just hell." So I went, "Give me an M, give me an A." And I think I spelt it wrong in the end... STU: "Give me an N... Oh, God." Yeah, it was mandess...mandess. So I thought, "I've got to try and get this back, "I've got to get one laugh before I go, "I've got to get a laugh, even if I can just barely hear it..." Do Victor Meldrew, do Victor Meldrew! So I had to bring on M People... Yeah. ..as you said. Yeah. And I said, "OK, right, I've got a gag here." I went, "All right, people, yeah, I got it," so I said, "it's not often that two bands get together. "Two separate bands form a new band so they separate..." What is it? Hang on, let me think... "It's not often that two separate bands get together "and form a new band entirely. "So I am of course talking about The Village People, "right, and Boney M." I just want to say, "35 quid for this? You fucking..." {\an1}LAUGHTER Oh... So, The Village People and Boney M. "So, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome on the stage... "Boney Village!" And it got a laugh, and that was it. But, I mean, that... I mean, there's not many people say they've died in front of 40,000. Oh, my... Oh, Ricky Gervais, when he had to do it at G8, do you remember? It was supposed to be Live Aid... Live 8, wasn't it? I did Live 8. Bloody terrifying. Did you? Was it...? We introduced Elton John, yeah, absolutely terrifying. In character? As Lou and Andy, but I did actually... Weirdly, talking about the mid '90s, I was a big Blur fan and I went to see Blur at Mile End, then about three weeks later I was cast in the Country House video and then... And I kind of got on with them and then a couple of months later they were touring around the UK and I went and... I was their support act on tour as Sir Bernard Chumley. I did about eight or nine gigs and it's the only time in my entire career that I've ever got down on my knees and prayed before going on stage because the audience was just baffled by me. Oh. Baffled. They don't want to know. Yeah, yeah. Oh, no. They don't want to know. They don't want to see a little fat man before the band. Well, Bernard Chumley was an old actor, wasn't he? Yeah, so you do these anecdotes and theatrical anecdotes and... Nothing to do with Britpop at all. Nothing to do with Britpop. "Spotlight, come on, hurry up! 25 quid for this?" Exactly, the comedy and music thing, you're absolutely right. It doesn't work. It doesn't work at all. Did you have to do the whole tour? Were you...? They were doing a huge national tour, so they were doing an eight-date mini tour when they released The Great Escape, which had Stereotypes and Charmless Man Country House and The Universal. They were doing a miniature tour of seaside resorts... Right. ..to kind of... to get to know the material, and, yeah, I was on the tour bus with them for this week and a half and two or three gigs went really well and the other five or six were disasters. And, erm, I got... I got... Have you got any footage of it? ..bottled off. I think there is footage exists but it's never been released, thank God. So that's the end of that anecdote, but yeah. Stu, tell me about your lucrative sideline in men's toilets. What can that possibly mean? Well, you may ask... Basically I do this podcast, as you know - you've been a guest on my podcast... I have. ..in which I interview comedians about their writing process in depth. On the podcast... Podcasts are sort of exploding. We're ten years behind the Americans but they're sort of becoming really successful in the UK. They're very difficult to make money out of unless you've got such a huge listenership that you can sell advertising on them. So what I do on my one is... I used to be a street performer so I busk on my podcast and say, "Send me a donation online "of however much money you want or just come up to me in person "at a gig and press a fiver into my hand and say something cool." It's kind of developed into a bit of a gag over the last couple of months. People have started doing it, people have come up to me, getting ready to go on stage or in the interval of a stand-up gig I've just done, they'll come up and they'll just palm a tenner into my hand and go, "Get yourself something nice," do you know what I mean? I had this lovely lady come up to me, like an older lady and go, "Get yourself an ice cream, son," and walk off like that, and I'm like, "Thanks very much." And of course you can never tell at the time... I mean, this must be because of the podcast. This isn't from a street show I did 20 years ago, this is what it is. So I was at a festival, a brilliant comedy festival in Wales last weekend and I was having a wee in one of those... You know, like the Portakabin urinals where they've got like a trough down either side, so I'm... At least you said urinal, thought you were going to say someone's house. It was a bit more public. So I'm having a wee, and I won't mime - I was using my hand. That's it, I regret saying that at all. I wasn't doing this, I was just having a wee in the normal fashion and there was a guy having a wee behind me and it was very dark because it was outside at night. There were no lights in the... So he was weeing on you? No. This is why I mentioned it's a Portakabin urinal. There's a trough on either side. I don't understand what you're talking... It's a boy thing. I wee that way, he wees that way... Like ABBA. He had his back to you? Like the girls in ABBA, back-to-back. OK, that makes sense. If you'd just said that at the start... I will think of them as ABBA wees. Yes. Yeah, but then one turns to the side, the other one turns... It could go horribly wrong. # If you change your mind I'm still free... # Stop it! This is not too far from the truth because what happened was I was weeing and I felt a hand go into my back pocket... No! ..pushing a crumpled £20 note into my back pocket. And I laughed and I said, "You have got to be kidding me!" And the cool thing he chose to say, in line with the running joke, was, "Don't speak," so that's... {\an1}LAUGHTER I later spoke to him. His name's Darren and he came up and said hello and said, "That was me, by the way." I was like, thank Christ I don't have to wander round for the next two days at this festival going, "He's out there somewhere." He came up and said hello and said what he'd wanted to do, but hadn't put it together in time, cos he knows how my mind works. I like the idea of a bank heist or something spy-ish, something secret, you know. Say a secret code word. He said what he wanted to do was get a £20 note, put it inside a cheap briefcase, like get a little black briefcase, put a pair of handcuffs on it and then walk past me in the street and cuff it to my wrist as he went past. I was like, "Why have you spoilt that?! Do that, please!" If I can walk up the street and come up with six briefcases... Ah! I want...just want to say, I had a strange experience not dissimilar, which is once I was in the back of a taxi cab and the driver was, you know, monosyllabic, completely straight deadpan for about a 25-minute journey. And then at the end he went, you know, "£4.80, mate," and I went, "Oh, great." I gave him the money and said, "Can I have a receipt, please?" and he went, "Sure," and he went to give me this receipt and he just went...he ripped it up and went, "Eh, eh, ehhh!" {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I was very impressed, I was very impressed. That was so great. Yeah, yeah. Really good. Wrote it out, ripped it up. Very good. {\an8}It didn't so much burst as hatch. Yes! {\an8}And they were prodding it and it went blup! Hey, spiders everywhere. Oh, God, oh, God! Cos I'd, you know, fly to Australia quite frequently and you know when you're about to go on a flight and then some mother with children who are out of control and they're going crazy, the mother's crying... I'm that mother. I am the mother in that scenario, and it's such a long flight and, er... Have you got two children? I do, yeah, and my daughter... Which one do you prefer? It depends what day it is, in my experience. Yeah, they... Yeah, it changes. Right. But she's organised, she's got the headphones on and she's watching the movie. And she loves popcorn, so I bought her loads of popcorn to, you know, feed her during the flight. And so she's eating all this popcorn and she's watching the movie and she's TALKING LIKE THAT EVERY TIME SHE TALKS TO ME BECAUSE SHE'S WEARING THE HEADPHONES. And I went up to go to the toilet and as I got up, I was about two seats away, she went, "Mummy, I've run out of cockporn!" {\an1}LAUGHTER But, you know, I'd never... I'd never arranged the word like that. I'm stunned that as a comic... It never occurred to you. ..I'd never called popcorn cockporn. I was angry at myself that I hadn't seen that. How did you deal with it in the moment, when she shouted in front of the...? I didn't give a fuck. I was so tired... "It's all right, lovey, "it's all right, lovey. Just press the button for the attendant." Yeah, she does say these things. And just an hour out of Sydney my son threw up all over me so I was just... He just... And I thought, "Oh, he's eating a lot on the flight," just kept on eating. "Mum, I feel terri... Woaugh!" But he wasn't, he just went, "Ahhh!" and I was like, "Oh, Jesus, oh, God," and he, you know... My daughter threw up in my face once. We were lying in bed and she was asleep on top of me... Yes. She's about one at the time, it's pitch dark and then she... I could hear her making this noise that I knew she only made when she was about to vomit, and I said to her, "You're going to be sick. "Come on, we're going to have to go," and she said "No, I'm not." It's a big sign. And then she went, "Bleugh," and then it went in my mouth. It actually went in my mouth, went into my mouth. I think you just get used to it. But, you know, I didn't think, "Ugh, that's disgusting." No, you just go for it. All I thought was, "Oh, God, now we've got to get out of bed, "change the pillow cases..." Has anyone here been having sex with someone and they've been sick? We haven't, Matt, no. No. No. Just asking out of curiosity. No. Tell me a lovely place to stay in Denmark, on a cheerier note. Oh, this is a peculiar story. Oh, you're engaging me already! Gather round. Oh, Matt! This is how it went. I used to do these adverts for... on Danish television and so every three or four months for a couple of years I would go to Copenhagen and do these adverts and, erm, they used to put me up in a very nice hotel. I really liked it and they used to... They were very proud when you arrived at this hotel. They'd say, "This is where Michael Jackson stays when he comes here." Know him well. Knew him well, sorry. Knew him well. And, erm... I'm not going to say anything! OK. And it was a lovely hotel and I used to enjoy staying there. And one time I went there and I didn't stay in that hotel. I stayed in another hotel, which was fine, but when they booked me to go back there I said, "Oh, the other hotel's lovely "but if it's possible, can I stay at that nice hotel?" And I sort of... And the name was something like Skejborg or something like this. I'm sorry that I don't remember the exact name. You know what they're like, Danes. I don't know, they've invented, like, this... They've got this other language and I can't really speak it, so... So, erm, and I said, "Can I stay? I think... I can't remember, "is it called Skejborg or something like that?" and they said, "Really, you want to stay there?" and I went, "Yeah, it's a lovely... it's a nice hotel. "I would like to stay there if possible," and they said, "Er...OK." Anyway, I got off the plane. The hotel's about 20 minutes away... Is this the original hotel? Yeah, so, the hotel's about 20 minutes away from the airport, and I was... I think I was up six hours later, so I was quite keen to just get to the hotel and go to bed. And there's a drive to take me to the hotel and this drive does not last 20 minutes. It's becoming 30 minutes, 40 minutes, an hour, an hour and a half... We're driving through the Danish countryside... Oh, no. ..right to the coast, right? And they drop me off at this place. It's an hour and three quarters I've been in the car and I'm absolutely baffled. And I've spent the night in this place and it was very odd. I arrived and there was a very large lift and there was a gurney in the lift, and I walked past that, but the lift wasn't very auspicious. Anyway, I go into my room and it's a really grubby little room. It's a...it's a very, very, very small room with a rickety old single bed, one beaten old pillow and a kind of flickering television. Anyway, I don't really understand what's going on. But I spent the night in this hotel... and got picked up the next morning very early, at sort of quarter to five or something, to get me back for filming. Yes, because it's 200 miles from Copenhagen. Exactly. The whole thing has baffled me somewhat and, er, when I arrived for filming they said, "How was the hotel?" and I said, "Well..." Cos I wasn't going to mention it, but I said, "Well, it was..." He wasn't going to mention it. Love him! "It was a bit..." I didn't know what to say because I asked for it but I don't... I'm pretty sure that's not the place I stayed at last time. I said, "It was a bit unusual," and they said, "Well, we thought it odd that you wanted to stay there," and I said, "Well, that was... I always stay there "but I think maybe I stayed at a different branch of the hotel." It turned out there I... The name I'd quoted was something like Skejborg. I'd stayed at somewhere like Skejhella - I'd stayed at a hospital for infectious diseases. {\an1}LAUGHTER I spent the night in a hospital, stayed in a hospital. What was the room service like? Well, they didn't even... There was no... I don't think there was that option available. The large lift and the empty gurney, it sounds like Saw! Anyway, if you ever get infected with anything, I do recommend it. By the coast, lovely. Yeah, yeah. I had to stay at an infectious diseases unit in Tooting Bec, er, when I... What? Yeah. When you say you had to...? I had to, yeah, a couple of years ago. Did you have an infectious disease? I did, it was suspected.... Now it's falling into place! Yeah. Yeah. I was doing a Danish commercial... No, I came back from visiting my brother who was working in South Africa and I had all the symptoms of malaria. It wasn't malaria, it was just, er... Did you die? I did. My fiancee's brother came back from the Ivory Coast with a weird little lump on his that he thought was a bite... Spider nest! It was a spider nest! Argh! Took him to... For real? A real one? For real. Bang! But it just popped. He was having it examined and it kind of... It kind of didn't so much burst as hatch. Yes! They were prodding it and blup! Hey, spiders everywhere. Oh, God, oh, God. Did you ever see the burrowing worm in the skull? There was a worm in the skull in a guy and the only way.... Oh... It had burrowed its way in or maybe gone through the ear or something. What they did, they drilled... They drilled a hole, but to coax it out they got a bit of bacon... Yep. Have you seen it? Standard practice - you tape a bit of bacon to the thing and the creatures come out looking for the bacon. And you go like this with the bacon and it comes out like this. Yeah. Well, I hope... And then you keep pulling the bacon out so it leaps for it. And eventually you can train it. I hope this never happens to me - I'm Jewish! {\an1}LAUGHTER That's me dead, then. "Sorry, sir, the worm will have to stay in." "Fair dos." "Make your peace with the world." Yeah. What if the worm's burrowed into a pig? Oh, God, yeah. Having the time of his life. Didn't know what to do! Look, we need to think of a title for the show based on something that you've heard this evening. Surely the title of this show is 35 Quid For This? You Fucking Cunts. {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE I don't know if we can have that on your planner, on your TV guide. It wouldn't fit, it wouldn't fit. 35 Quid For This? You Fucking Cunts. Just 35 Quid For This? You F... And then leave it there. Perfect. Yeah, no, say "fucking" but leave the C and "..." so you get the sense of it. Bringing up swearing, my daughter did a brilliant thing. We know a family whose son is very, very badly behaved and we hadn't seen them for a while and my daughter went to play with them. And she's really good friends with the sister and she came home and I went, "Did you have a nice time with Mia?" She went, "Max has got really naughty, you know," and we went, "Really? What happened?" She went, "Well, you'll never guess what he called Mia." I went, "Well, what did... what did he call her?" and she went, "a F-U-C-K-I-N-G cunt." {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Please will you thank all my guests - Sarah Kendall, John Thompson, Matt Lucas and Stuart Goldsmith. {\an1}APPLAUSE I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching 35 Quid For This? ..You Fucking Cunts. Timing, brilliant. Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 