Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e6 - Salmon Mousse and Bullshit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 6 - Salmon Mousse and Bullshit - full transcript 
 Alan is joined by Reverend Richard Coles, Jo Joyner, Joe Lycett and Jason Manford for a special Christmassy edition. As usual, discussions range from the seasonally surreal to festively fantastical, including northern curried alternatives to Christmas dinner, midnight meetings in knickers, nativity upgrades and advice on yuletide stains. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm in London, London. London, where gravity doesn't even apply... I've got two dogs, two pugs. I'm known as Two Pugs on the estate. I'm Bob Mortimer. What a dirty, dirty town. Love Alan Davies, I love chatting, so nothing can go wrong. Let's get this show on the road. My bag. {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello, I'm Alan Davies and this is As Yet Untitled, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the show that is completely unscripted, unprepared and unplanned. And tonight I'll be joined by four very funny people and during the course of our conversation we shall come upon a title for the show. That's our ambition, anyway. So please will you welcome my guests. {\an1}CHEERING Here they are, welcome. Welcome all, lets see who we have. We have Miles Jupp. Miles Jupp is not in Sherlock Holmes the movie. Well done, Miles! LAUGHING: Congratulations! Russell Kane is here. Russell Kane is very free when doing weights. Russell Kane. Very nice to have Bob Mortimer again on the show. Bob Mortimer is 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the cockroach king and is popular amongst other celebrities. And Lucy Montgomery, welcome to Lucy. Thank you. Lucy is famous amongst paramedics and likes Iranian fruit, but not that much. That sounds...that does sound like a euphemism, doesn't it? Iranian fruit. Mm, yeah. Sounds like it could be anything. Maybe we won't get into that straight away. If you want we can, it's your show. Is it actually fruit? Um, well, what happened was... It's a euphemism, I knew it was. Oh! I was on holiday in Iran... Were you? ..as you do. Classic holiday destination. Yeah, of course! Was it 18 to 30s? Thomsons, yeah. Thomsons, yeah. Wey! Pissed every night with all me mates. The Sambuca! The Sambuca is quality in Iran, it really is. Been to Syria on holiday too, not lately, but a few years ago. Seriously you have actually been to all these...? {\an5}Yeah, this was in the '90s. I thought I'd try something a bit different, branch out, get a bit adventurous. But in the '90s you must have been about 14. Sadly no. No, I was about 21, 22, etc. So you.. 23, 24, 25... {\an5}Sort of out of university. Yeah, thought... Go to some war zones? ..go somewhere exciting. It wasn't a war zone at the time, you see, and I was... I went with my friend. We wanted to be independent lady travellers, and we thought, this is all right, so we have to wear a hijab, that's absolutely fine. But we were laughed at by the Iranians who just... {\an5}One bloke did say, "Why are you dressed like an Islamic fundamentalist?" Because the women, they showed their hair, they had make-up on, and we were like that. But they told us to wear a wedding ring, because everyone... Even the woman at British Airways when we went to get the flight went, "What are you going there for?" We're like, "Thanks very much, be open-minded, people!" And it was a lovely place. Go there on holiday, OK? Maybe not... Did you go straight from London to Tehran? Yeah. And then I was offered the aforementioned fruit. A man...a man knocked on my hotel room and came with a lovely, lovely bowl of fruit and said, in exchange for the fruit if I could offer him something else, my fruit. Something fruity. My grapes, my pomegranate, my... Your passion fruit. My passion fruit. Ah, very good! For his banana, I see. Exactly. And yeah, I thought about it for a minute. It was a really nice bowl of fruit. I suppose if you're going to be weighed up in your worth in fruit, that was... What about the chat? Was it... He was kind of... Tempting? ..kind of small. A small fella? Small and hairy and, you know, not my... Like a kiwi, like a kiwi. A kiwi, yeah. He sounds all right. He was OK, but, yeah, I was a bit scared. Small and hairy, not my type. That's a T-shirt. So this is completely unsolicited, he's just knocked on your hotel room door? Yeah, I think he worked in the hotel and seen these two beautiful Islamic fundamentalist women and thought, I will have a bit of that. If you had scurvy at the time, do you think the story {\an5}would have a different ending? Yeah, I would definitely have gone for it. I would've gone for it. I do need some fruit, actually, yeah. Yeah. Maybe that IS the ending, we haven't heard. Sorry, go on. {\an5}No, I turned him down. We didn't have a night of love amongst the pomegranate, sadly. What were the fruits? Well, some grapes, and pomegranates are Iranian fruit. There were some apples, pears... Nice. The usual. OK. Yeah, what fruit do you think I would be worth? A pineapple, I'd have thought. There was no pineapple. A kumquat. A kumquat, yeah. The smallest fruit you could think of. Oh, I was just thinking in terms of flavour, not kind of... I'm not a fruit scientist. I only ask because you were specific about "I don't like Iranian fruit". I wondered if... No, no, no, it wasn't... I mean, any country. You're not fruit racist or anything. No, I'm not a fruit racist. Phew! Yeah, we rang front desk and said, "The man with the fruit came. "We don't appreciate it." Nothing was done. Oh, really, you reported him? Yeah, because he could be offering his fruit to all sorts of women in the... And did you stay in Tehran or did you go around the rest of Iran? Yeah, went around, Shiraz, Isfahan, don't know if you know them? Bam, anyone? Anyone been to Bam on holiday? No? There's been an earthquake, it's all been destroyed. It's fine. Really, somewhere called Bam exploded? Yeah, I'd recommend it. That's a scary place to go. My mum looks for wherever is war-torn, then goes there. {\an5}So whenever Egypt gets more trouble, she goes back to Sharm. Cos it'll be cheap. The prices crash. Yeah. She goes on easyJet. She calls it chavvy business class where you get three sideways and put your legs up and create like virtual business class. She goes, "The flight was empty". I'm like, "I'm not surprised, the capital is exploding." She hunts for bargains based on where is near war. like whatever happened. She could be taken hostage and appear in an orange jumpsuit going, "I'm fully insured, they can't touch me." Unbelievable. Is she quite a character, your mum? She just loves a bargain. Do you think you're funny cos your mum's funny? Um, I think I've got my mum's energy. She's like a Peperami stick with a perm, my mum. She's like... She's got loads of energy. My mum's one of those people that if you phone, she's doing another job. I can hear the dishwasher being stacked with the phone under her ear. She can't sit down and have a conversation. {\an5}It might be an Essex thing. My mother-in-law's like that, constantly cleaning. She'd be cleaning this now. She's a bit crazy. Has your mum got dishwasher insurance as well? Yeah, "I'm fully insured, love, don't worry, nothing can happen." She sounds like a worrier, maybe that is... You know, like maybe insurance is very much part of her life. Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. I never get insurance. But you can't really over-insure your white goods. Yeah. Have you ever claimed? For a white good damage? Yeah. I'm trying to think now. Has anyone ever? You were the voice of insurance, weren't you? Oh, yes... CHURCHILL INSURANCE DOG VOICE: Oh, yes. Churchill? Good point, Lucy. Yeah. {\an5}That's not the most ringing endorsement, is it? "I wouldn't have the stuff." I was asked to be the mouse in the Direct Line ad. Did you not do it? The computer mouse. Right. And Stephen Fry was asked to be the phone. Typical. I was going to be the mouse, he was going to be the voice of the phone. They said, "We're going to pay you this amount of money." {\an5}I thought, "That's quite a lot of money, I bet Stephen won't do that, it's absurd. {\an5}"We're going to make idiots of ourselves, there's no way Stephen will do it." I said, "This is a non-starter. Forget the whole thing." I turned the TV on the following week and Paul Merton was the mouse. Oh, no. You were replaced by Paul. And Stephen was the phone anyway. I'm such an idiot, I'm so... Have you ever done an advert, Alan? I can't think of. Years ago I did adverts for the Abbey National. Oh, yeah. Yeah. ..which used to be a bank, it was a long campaign and at the end they changed the name of the bank cos it was a disaster. And they paid me quite a lot of money, and then I had consequently a very high tax bill and I wrote a cheque, an Abbey National cheque to the taxman, and the bank bounced it. And I had to phone them up and say, "What are you doing? "I'm the bloke off the thing, "do you know how embarrassing this is for me, {\an5}"to have to ring the bank?" When I first met Bob he'd just been doing some modelling forM&S.; That's right, I had, hadn't I? Yep, yep. He was awash with M&S; vouchers. {\an5}He couldn't get rid. Were you paid exclusively in M&S; vouchers? That's right, yeah. "Have some M&S; vouchers," everyone was like, "Yes, please!" {\an5}But I did, Lucy, I had them in my top pocket. Always flashing them. "You look a bit down, have an M&S.;" It was like... Have you got any in there now? No, but it's true, innit? I've still got some in me drawer, but like... We did some modelling for M&S; and I won't name the person, but one of the people involved in it had a much better agent than the other one and said, "Yes, we'll take that fee "but we want 20 grand of M&S; vouchers as well." And it was one of those days where everyone has to get the same so I ended up with...like, this pile of M&S; vouchers. {\an5}Fabulous things. I was like the king, wasn't I, then? Were they stuffed under your bed? I do remember that. And you took them. Of course! {\an1}BOB LAUGHS I've got so many pairs of grey shoes... ..from that period, different sizes. I don't know what size I am. I've got vouchers. {\an5}If they're too big, just stuff the ends with vouchers. With vouchers, yeah! {\an8}With the force of each extension, you know those little trolls {\an8}you used to buy on holiday with the eyes? {\an8}I was like that. So Bob, tell me about being the Cockroach King. Yeah, I was the Cockroach King, and it's official. It was on the cover of the South London Press, which if you live in south London is a pretty big deal. Yes. {\an5}A pretty big deal, yeah? Big paper. You live there? It is, yeah, I live there, yeah. The Cockroach King like that. One of those awkward shots coming out of a court, cos I was a solicitor at the time, and my speciality was housing law and I used to sue Southwark Council for having cockroach infestations in their tower blocks, cos they were all built on landfills and so the cockroaches live in the concrete in the very, like... you know, like, structure. {\an5}In the actual building itself? Yeah, cos they can dine on concrete, you know. They can survive only on concrete, it gives them nourishment. {\an5}There is tiny... Sorry, you don't want to get into the science... How tough is a cockroach? {\an5}"I fucking eat concrete, mate, and I'll still survive. That's dinner to me." Because it was a Public Health Act matter. I was the king, though, because I used this slightly old, this 1948 Public Health Act to sue the council, saying it was unfit for human habitation, so they'd have to move the people who lived with the cockroaches. But it hadn't been used before so the king, you know, that hyperbole came because we won, and of course the consequences of it were massive because if a whole block's infested, that's, I don't know, 900 families or whatever, they all {\an5}instantly really have got the right or whatever to be given a new house, so yeah. We had to always put in an expert's report. We used to get this fellow from Cambridge. I think he was called Professor Downlight, something like that. No, honestly, and he'd come in. You always knew, whenever I got a new client, you'd go into the house {\an5}you'd smell the cockroach infestation... Urgh... ..before you see it. It smells like really weak Bovril, you know? Yeah. Like a slightly meaty... And they go, they'd go to... The audience are making noises. Shall I drop this story and... No! It's fascinating, please. So they're attracted to warmth, so you'll mainly find them behind the cooker, behind the fridge, where it's warm behind the fridge, and inside the concrete where the pipes are and so on, and the saddest one, the most awful one was, they like to sleep under... under babies, and children and that's where you'll mainly find them. But Doctor Downlight, Professor Downlight, he could go in and he was absolutely honest, he could go in, look around, look at the walls, whatever, and say "Here". No way. "Here." He's a cockroach whisperer! Yep. Take his case out, gouge this thing out, you screw this thing like that, then you'd pull out the concrete and they'd just fuck... Oh! ..they'd just spill out. "There we have it! "There we have the infestation. Yes! This one's go!" {\an1}INAUDIBLE Downlight didn't give a fuck, he did it without his trousers on, you know, wild haircut. He used to touch the lasses up, but he was the man. Do you mean the lady cockroaches? "Dirty cow, she loves it!" {\an5}Cos what they do is, what the council do is put these pellets down, anyone who's infested, they put these pellets down and the theory is, is they make the male cockroaches impotent. They alter their genetics or something like that. You what? they make them what? They make them impotent. What, like a reverse Viagra sort of thing? Yeah, they won't breed, so that's the way to get rid of them. {\an5}How'd they do that? It's a science thing, I have no idea. But it doesn't really work. All it seemed to do was... When they start meddling with people's brains and stuff, it just seemed to give them ADHD and that and you just got more mental cockroaches. Everyone who we gave the pellets to would say, "Since the pellets, they've gone mental." Do you know, they'll peep out of drawers, "Wey-hey!" Or whatever, or peel back a fried egg and go, "Aaah!" "Still here!" My sex life's ruined. All I've got is hide-and-seek now. Cos the thing was, the truth is, that there's nothing you can do about them. Are you still known as the Cockroach King? If you go drinking in south London now in the pubs, "Hey, it's the Cockroach King!" No, but I'll see cockroaches scuttling out of the pub. Did they pull those tower blocks down eventually? {\an5}The North Peckham estate's gone now, yeah, but they'll never get rid of them. They're under... They're in the world...the world? Is that the right thing to say? That's as deep as you can go, isn't it? Into the world. The world... I can't stop it now, it's in the world. The world's infested. I dropped it, it's in the world. Oh, God someone's... Shit! The world's got a cockroach now, it's just a nightmare. I'm going to say to my kids now {\an5}when they drop something. I normally say, "Don't pick that up, that's for the birds now." You know, if they drop their biscuit, "That's for the birds now." Now I'll say, "That's gone into the world." That's everyone's now, you've made that communal. I was at the Adelaide Festival and I was the opening act and Jimeoin was the headline act, so while Jimeoin was on we had to sit in the dressing room, we couldn't leave, and the cockroaches would come out. If you sat still long enough, they'd come out. If you moved about, they wouldn't. What did they look like, Alan? This size and brown. Yeah. And all the refreshments were served in plastic cups, you know, so you'd finish your drink and then you'd put it on a cockroach and then it would just rattle around inside and move the cup around the floor and you got used to it after a while. Quite fun. It was quite entertaining, cos it was like cockroach dodgems, but you'd just be completely used to sitting chatting with three or four of these cups rattling. {\an5}You could race them, couldn't you? Like a sort of like a duck put your name on the cup {\an5}and then put it over cockroach or whatever. You're just basically giving them a sort of chassis. What they said to us, they said, "Don't tread on them," and then they didn't really explain... There's so many things in Australia you're frightened of. Mm. {\an5}You're frightened to go to the toilet cos there's supposed to be a murderous spider under there. {\an5}They said, "Don't tread on them mate, just don't... Oh, look, just leave them." Maybe... I imagine loads of babies would come scuttling out. Or it would split into two like the Sorcerer's Apprentice. {\an5}It would go under your skin like in The Mummy. Do you remember that bit? No. Omid Djalili with the cockroach under his face? Just me, OK. That was a dream you had. {\an5}It was a dream, a happy dream. They scared me with the drop bears thing when I was first in Australia as well, that's what they'd tell all the newbies, {\an5}all the Brits that come over, that some koalas get so stoned on the eucalyptus that they fall out of the tree and they go like, "Raa!" {\an5}They say, "When you're walking along watch out for the drop bears, we've lost a few tourists." {\an5}I was shitting myself for about two weeks that these killer bears were going to drop out ofthe tree. It was complete nonsense. It's complete nonsense, innit? Yeah. Tell me about being free with weights. What does that mean? Er, like a lot of people, I enjoyed primary school and I enjoyed university, but I hated secondary school. 11 to 16, a miserable time for a lot of people. I wasn't in the total nerdy league. I was like the one league above, do you know what I mean, that just scraped through. I was in the Dungeons and Dragons club and stuff like that. So I left school without even kissing a girl, {\an5}basically. I was one of those. You were at an Essex comprehensive school? No, I grew up in... That part of my childhood was in Enfield which is just over the boarder. Yeah. So yeah, so no girlfriend, but in my world, I was a powerful wizard, so swings and roundabouts. You wouldn't mess with me if I was holding a 20-sided dice, Bob, but anyway... So when you're a young man of a certain type at school, I imagine it's the same for like most people that were funny at school, the only way you can get attention is to mess around if you're not particularly in the good-looking or sporty gang. So the only way I could get girls' attention was to be funny, and there was one intersection where I thought the sort of the physical had united with the humour. Our gym was down where the sort of basketball court was. So you could walk around the top if you weren't having gym class and you could peer down back into the gym, which was the worst. When you get to sort of 14, 15, you're allowed to start using weights and stuff like that. And we were having a weights class and I would sometimes mess around with people at the top and clown about and get girls' attention that way. I was doing this exercise, it's called a tricep extension, which I'm sure you all know, it's where you have the weight like that and you have to stretch the tricep doing that, and I was sat astride the bench, you know these little shorts you used to wear at school. I was doing that and the girls were all pointing and laughing {\an5}and I thought, not only am I impressing them with my physical prowess {\an5}and I'm the centre of attention for being funny, which is all sort of budding comics, but do you know what they were actually laughing at? With the force of the tricep extension on my puny body, my balls had popped out the side of my shorts. Not only that, but with the force of each extension... {\an5}You know those little trolls you used to buy on holiday with the eyes... I was like that. I was so traumatised. So it was popping out and going back in again? Yeah. Like when you squeeze a frog. Yeah. It just represented the end of any possibility of getting off with a girl, as we would have said before I was... Did it make your bollocks bigger, though? Nor my triceps, no. Nothing? Funnily enough, though, my forearms bulked up in those years, so... ..that's loneliness for you. I had a friend, we went on holiday to Majorca, so... I know, so boring. And he saw a girl he liked the look of so he went and quite cockily, really, put his foot up on the seat. Oh, no... She was sitting down chatting and she seemed distracted and kept nudging her friend and in the end... He was very good looking, this guy. He was quite used to people enjoying his approaches. He came back a bit indignant and THEN he realised... Nuts hanging out? ..that his nuts had been hanging out the whole time. It's such a bad way for things to fall out as well, isn't it? {\an5}Someone sort of emptying an ASDA chicken out. '80s shorts were so short, super short. Yeah. {\an5}And I think super short shorts are coming back. Yeah. And this is a really bad idea. You need the inner gauze fabric. That's like your insurance, isn't it? Yeah. {\an5}It's even worse when the gauze pops out and you see all the nuts pressed against it. "You think this gauze will stop me? Let me out!" Sorry about that. Like testicles doing a bank raid. They've got stocking fabric on their face. I've seen that, I've seen gauze emptying before, like is that out or in? Full gauze. Is there a female equivalent, Lucy? {\an5}I mean, not really. That would be a boob flopping out, wouldn't it? No, I mean...no. No? No, women don't have balls, I don't think. No, I don't know. A boob out would be the... Of course, yes. {\an5}A Judy Finnigan would be the closest, wouldn't it? Yes. A full Finnigan. Yeah, that's true. "I'd like to present the award for... Oh." {\an5}Yeah, or well I suppose your skirt blowing up but that's a bit "ha-ha!" isn't it? Yeah. It's not... That's what I would do if it happened to me, "ho-ho!" It's sexy when... A man's body is not designed for inadvertent exposure, is it? There's nothing Marilyn Monroe about washing your hair with your balls hanging down the other... Oh! # Boop-boop-de-boop # Happy Birthday to you... # No, a man's body, really, any glimpse of a man's body, all you'll get is, "Oh, no". {\an8}Lucy, are you saying that after a while it develops a top, as it were? {\an8}I think it might. It would curdle, it would surely curdle? I was on a train on the way to York once, and you know so your Facebook page is either public or private {\an5}and I've only got the public-y one. There was an older woman opposite me. It was a quiet carriage. {\an5}You know how tyrannous people in the quiet carriage can be, tutting each time you move. "I heard an electron", you know. {\an5}And every time I moved she'd be like... HE TUTS {\an5}So I just posted... I shouldn't have done it. Something along the lines of, "On the train with a right old cow with a librarian's haircut "tutting every time I move." I felt very good with myself. I was a little bit ageist, just assumed she wasn't text savvy and stuff, and anyway... Did you dictate that to your phone? She been looking at me half recognising me, thinking, it's not Nick Grimshaw, who is it, who is it? And Googled me, of course the first thing that's come up is my Facebook page. And she's clicked it and seen it's updated seven minutes ago, "Sat opposite a horrible cow with a librarian's haircut," {\an5}and in a loud voice in front of everyone went, "I'm not a horrible cow, I've been visiting afriend "who's sick in London. "And I haven't got a librarian's haircut, it's a neat bowl." And I was thinking on my feet, and I said, "That's not about you, I just make up things that have happened to me. {\an5}"It's probably my administrators, in a minute I'll probably spill a fictional coffee {\an5}"just to make my page more interesting. It's got nothing to do with you." And she burst out crying and apologised to me. {\an5}She was like, "I'm so sorry, I'm just so sensitive at the moment." I felt awful. {\an5}She got off the train somewhere up the line in Scotland and then my Facebook wall {\an5}appeared with, "Nice one, mate. You just about got away with that. I'm sat four seats behindyou." True story. You slagged her off online and you lied and made her cry? Yeah. Terrible. {\an5}You forget... I know they're public, but you forget how quickly these things can get out of hand. I get people that get annoyed saying... Cos they think I'm Nick Grimshaw pretending not to be Nick Grimshaw {\an5}cos I'm being unfriendly, you know, "We're the people who put you where you are, man." And I'm genuinely not that person, and then there's a big argument. That is awkward, yeah. I was at the Brighton Dome the other week and a fellow, one of the doormen let me out to have a cigarette when like you shouldn't, let me in and then, as it was like, "You owe me one now, "could you come and meet a couple of me mates," or whatever. Took me over to this littleish old lady and said, "There you are, Alan Titchmarsh." {\an5}And I just said, "Yep, fine, how lovely to meet you," went back in and continued. {\an5}It's easier sometimes than embarrassing them, isn't it? It's easier than... {\an5}Just go with it. Go with it. That's what I do now, I just pretend. I had a Kevin Spacey once with some Americans. And I gave them... I signed it Bob Mortimer and they gave it me back. "Oh, I'm sorry. We thought you were Kevin Spacey." Returned it? Yep, just gave it to me straight back. {\an5}Didn't someone change their name to Bob Mortimer, a girl, by deed poll to Bob Mortimer? Yeah, she'll regret it now. Not Robert, but Bob. To Bob, yeah. I used to do deed polls as a solicitor. {\an5}People'd come in in the '80s or whatever, and say, "I'd like to do a deed poll." "What would you like to change your name to?" Cos at the time it was, they'd say "Danny Romance." It was that kind of...that was what they were up to. Danny Romance. Because of New Romantics? Or whatever. Yeah, it was that sorts of names, you know? Yeah, like Floyd Success. Whatever. Weirdest names. Kenneth Apathy. No, that would have been the '90s. The '80s, it was "Wow!" Kenneth Apathy. Roger Gosh. Kenneth Apathy. I'd say, "Yeah, we can do that." He'd say, "Oh, it's all right, don't bother." To be honest. Yeah, my dad changed his name because he hated his parents. What did he change it to? Well, it's Montgomery. His real surname was Humphries and Montgomery was his middle name, so, yeah, that's it. Oh, really? So you should be a Humphries? I'm really Lucy Humphries. Woo-ooh. Do you remember "Watch out, there's a Humphrey about"? {\an5}I was just going to say, I wondered if that was what was behind that. There is now. There is now. What's that? "Watch out, there's a Humphrey about" was a big campaign which maybe would've affected your dad and maybe... Maybe that's why. What did it advertise? It was about milk. What? When we were children, you used to get milk off a float {\an5}that came down the street... I remember that. ...which is ridiculous. {\an5}Bob Geldof used to steal from them, didn't he? I've got a milkman with a milk float. And they would give you... You would run after it and I remember thinking, when I was little, that I must be the fastest runner in the world cos I caught up with a milk float. I also realised that the bloke was allowing me, and they would give you stickers which were, they were red and white stripes, weren't they? Yeah. They looked like a sort of a straw, but they were twisted in different shapes and you could collect them and this character, the Humphrey, was on some of the stickers and the slogan was "Watch out, there's a Humphrey about". There's a Humphrey about. And the idea was, he was a little bit "Ooh", he's a little bit... You know, like Paul Whitehouse in The Fast Show. A little bit... So you never knew where he was. He was like a cockroach. That sense that milk makes you a bit naughty. I remember once complaining because of a rattling milk float in the road. Investigations ensued and so on. It just found out that that particular milkman was a compulsive masturbator and he'd just chosen the wrong profession. The relentless clinking of bottles. The one place where... Well, you can hide it well, can't you? No, but the bottles will... Oh, my God. He was milking himself on the float. Yeah, and so on, but... All the bottles are shaking. It's one of the only times that masturbating can become a noise nuisance. But also, there are no sides on the float, so he's exposed as well... Yeah. ..unless he's just facing... Oh, I don't know. Maybe he was amongst the bottles. Was he nestled in? Maybe. That's dangerous. That's dangerous for a bird attack. Maybe he a had a little gear stick onesie for his knob. But it's sort of four in the morning, isn't it, presumably, so there's not many people about? We all get randy then. Ooh. Phoning up the dairy and they say, "Oh, that's Wanky Bill. "He'll be all right by nine o'clock. "He'll be spent." "In his defence, that is what he does." Wanky Bill. He always keeps one empty back. "This is my lucky empty." That's why the milk, when you used to get it a primary school, was cheesy. Because of Wanky Bill! Watch out, Wanky Bill's about. Never mind Humphrey. That's not what semen... Semen isn't cheesy. I'm sure... No. No. I don't know what your fella's been... When, maybe, left for a while in a... Ugh! Try it tonight, let me know. {\an5}Lucy, are you saying that if left for a while it develops a top, as it were? I think it might. It would curdle. It would surely curdle. I don't know. It is better fresh, yeah. I'm just saying that objectively. It must be. My milkman's called Mr Squirrel. Nice name for a milkman. Is that what he told you? "Hello, I'm Mr Squirrel." Can I have some Humphrey stickers? "Back off." "Do you want to see my nuts?" So you have a history of that, then, Lucy. You've had someone, "Hello, I'm Mr Iranianfruits." No, my milkman is... "Hello, I'm Mr Squirrel." ..milky white pure. He wouldn't... My milkman would never wank in his van. He sounds like a real gentleman. You're really lucky. The restraint is unbelievable. I refuse to believe it. Can you tell us why you're famous amongst paramedics? I was in labour with my first child. I was having her at home and the hospital promised that a midwife would turn up. But it was Easter. It was just before Easter so when we rang up they said, "Oh, nobody can come. {\an5}"We're going to send an ambulance. You'll have to come to the hospital." But there comes a point where you're just kind of stuck to the floor and you just... You know, you could have a baby right here, if this was the right point, with all these people watching. It's that point where you go, "I can't get an ambulance." I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. I'm here. And this ambulance crew turned up and they kind of talk to you in that way, cos they're used to dealing with crashes, so they kind of go, "Hello, love! "What's your name?!" And there's a point where you're not wearing anything, {\an5}but I had these eye patches cos I just wanted to pretend there was no-one else around. So I had these eye patches. They were leopard print. Leopard print eye patches on, like that, and I was going, "Uhh!" and they're going, "What's your name?!" So I'm like, "I'm Lucy," and all of a sudden there were about ten men in the room and one was just sitting on the sofa, just hanging out. I remember peeping out, like, "What's going on, exactly?" Sounds like, "Selfie!" Yeah. And then this one guy - he looked about 16, kind of a spotty youth - got his torch out and said, "I'm going to have to have a look down, you know, "the business end." No. Yes, honestly. I was thinking, "This is not in my birth plan." And he got a torch out and he was shining the light and he went, "I've seen you in something." It was, like, "Uh? What?" And then, it's that point where you have to go through your CV but they can't quite... You're like, "I really don't want to be... "Was it that?" "No, it wasn't that." "Was it that?" "No, it wasn't that." {\an5}And then, finally, we established what it was and then... It was like... He thought you were Gwyneth Paltrow. Probably. Yeah, and then, eventually, the midwife turned up and she was in a really bad mood cos she'd come off another shift. {\an5}I remember I accidentally nudged her toe. She's like, "You've hurt my toe!" Midwives can't be in a bad mood. That's the point of them. I know, I know. While I was going, "Uuuuh!" Were you like, "That's really put my pain in perspective, bitch"? And you had it at home? I had it at home, yeah. My husband was trying to be funny going, "I've picked up your poo." Trying to lighten the mood. I was like, "Ha-ha-ha. Yeah, great." What had he just done? What had you just done when...? What was he referring to? I'd just done a poo. Oh, I see. Right. I'm not sure which bit of that sentence you misunderstood? I didn't know that was the sort of thing people do. He was trying to make it fun. I didn't know... Women do often shit. You missed quite a bit of the story about you shitting on the floor. {\an5}In the context, that was quite stressful. You can see why you'd make it implicit. {\an5}And when did you regain your sight? When did you decide you wanted to see again? When the child came out. I keep doing that. When that happened. Then you saw the child and put them back on. Yeah. What happened with your second one? Did you have it at hospital? Yeah, because, er, yeah. You didn't want to go through that again? I did. We sold our car to pay for a private midwife, thinking, we're not going to all those blokes turning up again and the paramedics, you know what I mean? And, then, in the end, I had to go into hospital so that the midwife that cost £4,000... She can't come in the room. Ooh, whoops. ..she's standing there like that. Has to stand outside. "I'll take some photos." Yeah, that was an expensive photo. I've got a good photo, though. On all fours, baby's head out like an alien, like that. That was worth four grand. Honestly, it's brilliant. Brilliant. No poo in that one. You've got about 20 children, haven't you? Yeah, about 20. Five. I've got five. And your wife... Never had a poo? ..Gawd bless her, has never shat on the floor. I don't think that's happened. I'll ask her, I've never been in. Do people do it during caesareans? {\an5}Oh, I don't know about... No, I doubt it, cos you're not pushing, are you? You're not pushing all your... You could do it by chance during a caesarean, couldn't you? You could. Well, you could do it during the caesarean. Yeah. I'll do the shit. I can do it, Dawn. I'll take this one. On the floor. I'll pick it up. I've got this one. You're having a baby. Let me do the shit. {\an5}Her eyes, like, bulged. Her teeth popped out, {\an5}went into Sophie Dahl's pint of Baileys. {\an5}Bang. About 2007 or something, I got a part in this film, the Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr, Jude Law thing. I remember being very excited to get it. I was doing a thing where I was touring the small scale theatre thing and the phone rang and they went, "You've got the part. "You're playing the waiter in the Sherlock Holmes thing." {\an5}I thought, "Wow, that's fantastic." "Are you definitely available?" "I'm definitely available." It turned out they were filming on a Sunday in London and our play was in Newcastle on Saturday night, so I wasn't really as available as I said, but I thought, "I've got to go and do it." So I got a taxi from Newcastle to London, which took half of my fee, but I thought, I've still got to do it. It'll be exciting to go and do this film. There's a scene in the film, Robert Downey Jr is, he's your Sherlock, and then Jude Law is Doctor Watson. Kelly Reilly is Doctor Watson's date. The idea of it is that Sherlock Holmes is sort of ruining all their fun and they arrive and he sort of talks over them and there's this bit when they say, "What should we order?" Then the waiter, that would be me, Jude Law goes, "Waiter," and when I get to the table I go, "The gentleman's already ordered for the table, sir." And they're a bit sort of... Very good. I can see why he got it. Raw. Gentlemen... Raw power. He's at the National now, you know? As it happens, but it really could have been anyone. So we film it a couple of times. They're doing their thing and he goes "Waiter," and I come in and I go, "The gentleman's already ordered for the table, sir." And he goes, "Uh-huh." Walk away again and it was about the third or fourth take of it. Guy Richie is directing it and on the third or fourth take, I start saying my line and Robert Downey Jr comes in on the end of it and starts speaking over the end of my line. I thought, "I probably won't say anything." So I go back to my mark and "Let's go again," so we're going to do the scene again. I come in, "The gentleman's already ordered..." "M-m-m-m." '..table sir." So, I go back to my mark and think, "Oh, God, I can't..." And then, at the end of the take, Jude Law went, "Er, was there a bit of overlap there?" No-one sort of says anything. They go, "Yeah, we're going to go for another one'", So, I go back to my mark and then this sound man suddenly appears and walks up to me and goes, "You're talking "when Robert's talking." "All right, I'm just doing the line. It's the only line I've got. "I'm come from Newcastle for this. "I'm just doing the line." He goes, "I tell you what. If you think the gap is going to be "long enough to say the line, say it." I was going, "How can I guess how long a gap is?" Terrifying. Looking round. I can't really logically do what you're asking me to do. And then he went, "You just can't talk when he's talking," and then walked off. And then I heard the voice of Robert Downey Jr going "What's that guy's name?" Oh, no. What happens is, Downey Jr goes, {\an5}"See, I can't talk when... At the moment I'm having a conversation with her. "You're not part of that conversation, "so why don't we just now, let's just quickly run it a few times? "We'll make it work." So we did it a few times and made it work and he goes, "OK, it works. "That's what we need to do. We just deal with the timing. "Thanks very much." Finally finished the scene. I was thinking, God, that was absolutely bloody terrifying. That was a horrific moment. I went to my trailer and they went, "We'll come and get you in a bit." About four hours later no-one had come. I was trying to get out of it. I said, "You all right? You need me down the shot?" "No, it's absolutely fine." Went to the premiere, six or seven months later and I said to a mate of mine who's an actor, "You must come to this premiere with me. I'm in this film. "Come to the premiere." So, I'm sitting there watching the film and obviously my bit comes on and I'm, "That's the bit outside the club. Here we go. This is my... "This is my scene." You see Jude Law go, "Waiter"... ..and he does a look as if to go, "Why's there no waiter come?" And the line is not in there whatsoever. Then it gets to his line. "Olli, I'm not in the film." "You in another bit?" "I'm not in the film. Look, there I am." And just briefly I come in with a bit of turkey and I go... And that was the extent of it. {\an5}I did one, Miles, where I was doing a thing called Randall And Hopkirk Deceased and Derek Jacobi was the actor I was acting with, but I hadn't met him and I didn't meet him before we did the scene. And it was just like on "Action" and he was in this jungle. It was in a studio, but it was a jungle sort of thing, and I had to go up and I can't remember what I said, but it was something like, "Hello, Professor Wainwright" or whatever, and this is Sir Derek Jacobi and all that, and they went "Action". I went up and instead of Wainwright I said "Twainwright" or something, so, "Hello, Professor Twainwright." And he said, "Oh, you cunt!" First thing he ever said to me. That's it. Absolutely true. "Oh, you cunt!" I think we might have stumbled upon a title for the show. Oh, my God. But these people are terrifying, aren't they, Miles? {\an5}I hadn't met him, but it was terrifying that I knew he was over there somewhere. {\an5}Can you tell us, then, why you're popular amongst celebrities because... Well, that wouldn't seem to suggest how it really was. I was at a comedy awards do and I'd had an awful lot to drink. Why? Do you know what? Very easily done. "What an extraordinary amount of beer I've had to drink tonight." Whatever. At which point, I was realising this, Sophie Dahl, the large, larger lady? No, I'm not allowed? No. She's tall. She's a tall lady. Plus-sized icon. Yeah. She reared up near me. Good save. Thank you. What was that one? Plus-sized icon. Yeah, plus-sized icon. Although you then did have her "rearing up"... Grr. Can you help me with the rearing up? She popped up beside me. Surprised me, yeah, out the corner of my ar... My ar? My arse. {\an5}Out of the corner of my arse. That would have been a surprise, wouldn't it?! Get out of me. Sophie! Get out! You're so tall. Great. Sophie, erm, she said something in the area of, like, "Would you like to buy a motor?" She just, like, do you know what I mean? She hit me, bang, with her size and her... What do I call it? Plus-sized icon. Heft. With her plus-sized iconicism and now a bang. Heft. Heft. With her heft. Curves! {\an5}I'm glad you said that, Lu. Beauty, her heft, her curves, all that stuff. Voluptuousness. No, it was remarkable and it sent me, on a journey in drink that was to what... Stumbling? Stumbling towards a low-ish banister, glass, chrome and I didn't know what was the other side it. But Cilla Black was there in the middle. So I had either go over the banister or break my fall with Cilla Black. I remember going towards... Kind of remember it. I don't know if I remember it, but I remember that area, but I was going towards her. She was the only thing... {\an5}Cos it was quite scary. You don't know what's beyond banisters, do you? {\an5}Any builder will tell you, "You don't know what's beyond a banister, Bob." So, I went towards it and I think I can kind of remember it was a choice between Cilla's face... Oh. ..or Cilla's tit. And I think I made the right decision cos I went for the tit. So I broke my fall on Cilla's tit. Oh, she loved it. No! I don't mean it that way. I mean her eyes, like, bulged. Her teeth... Her teeth popped out, went into Sophie Dahl's pint of Baileys. Bang! I remember I was left with my hand and look at, "Cilla. Fuck. Oh, whoa." Like that and taking it off and I can't say this, she's always drunk, Cilla. She's what? Always drunk. Always drunk, right. I'll rephrase that one. She's not good in the mornings, Alan. She's usually sat next to Wanky Bill out in the... Like, "Surprise, surprise. "Come on, Bill." But, like, it was like... So, I went, bang, and I really was quite conscious, like, "Cilla Black's tit." Bang. It felt like a sleeping rabbit, something like that. You know what I mean? Furry? She's got... They're furry? That sort of consistency. Do you know, like, memory foam? I've got a pillow like that. Yeah, memory foam. Now I won't be able to lie on it without thinking of... Oh, the dreams you'll have now. So, yeah, but I don't know if that ties in with saying celebrities... Well, what I've been told is that you're popular amongst celebrities, but I've seen nothing so far... So, you're, like, IN celebrities. You're rude about their size or you attack them, Bob. If I had a buzzer, I'd say "No". A memory foam boob. It's a lie. Now we need to think of a title for the programme. Titting Up Cilla. Titting up Cilla Black. It has to be. What about something with Wanky Bill in it? Yeah. Watch Out, Wanky Bill's About. That's instead of a Humphrey, you see? You'd run a lot faster from Wanky Bill, wouldn't you, though? "I'll catch ya!" Aargh! "You cunt!" I still need to... We can't call it You Cunt. That is the winner, but we can't, obviously. Imagine that in the Sky planner when you're going, "I wonder what's on Dave tonight?" You Cunt, hosted by Alan Davies. Titting up Cilla is very hard to resist. That's what we've been told. Put like that... Yeah, put like that. Ladies and gentlemen, please join me in thanking all my guests. Miles Jupp. Russell Kane. Bob Mortimer... ..and Lucy, Lucy Montgomery. I've been Alan Davies. Thank you very much. You have been watching Watch Out, Wanky Bill's About. {\an5}Subtitles by Ericsson 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 