Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e10 - And Then He Deftly Grabbed My Cervix - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 10 - And Then He Deftly Grabbed My Cervix - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I can't believe it. I've finally arrived. I'm a star, I'm a guest on the Alan Carr show. Alan Davies? You're joking! That guy from Gangnam Style, is he here? No. Thank God! Is my hair all right? Hi! If there isn't Wagon Wheels in there, someone's getting it. {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello, I'm Alan Davies, welcome to my show. This show is called As Yet Untitled, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 because there isn't a title, there's no script or questions or agenda, or anything... it's really lazy. So...but what I do is, I get four hand-picked, brilliantly funny guests to help me come up with a title which we'll try to do at some point during the show. So please, will you welcome my guests? {\an1}APPLAUSE Welcome. Welcome. {\an1}APPLAUSE Here they are. Marvellous! All right, let's see who's here. Ellie Taylor is here. Ellie Taylor did her little bit for Obama. Ellie Taylor is here. {\an1}APPLAUSE 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Johnny Vaughan, Johnny Vaughan is with us. Johnny Vaughan almost died on an oil rig. Johnny Vaughan. {\an1}APPLAUSE Sally Phillips is here, nice to have Sally on. Sally opened for Coldplay in Mexico and knows a lovely pair of Italian hookers. {\an1}APPLAUSE And Charlie Higson, welcome to Charlie Higson, who is a stimulating talk-show guest and has spruced up Stephen Fry's interiors. Wonderful! {\an1}APPLAUSE Shall we tell them about the shirt incident? I went in the... I went in the dressing room just now and Johnny and Charlie were sitting there. We had to share, actually. Yes, you had to share. Everyone else got their own. That's right. "Charlie and Johnny, sling them in together." It's massive though, isn't it? It is big, yeah. And it has got hair-washing sinks, which we thought you would... Very good, Alan. Sorry. But unfortunately it was rather clogged, you'd obviously been there. And I walked in, and I was wearing this shirt, but I had a...kind of a...like, a flesh-coloured undergarment. It was weird, actually. {\an5}And they both thought I was wandering around with my shirt open to the naval... No, I just... ..greeting the guests. And both of their heads tilted down, which I imagine must happen to women more often. Yeah. It just, honestly, looked like your flesh, and I suddenly thought has he had, like, a monstrous tattoo of, like a gooner, or the entire squad of the double-wings, {\an5}something on there, and you were covering... Just covering it up? ..feebly with a... like, "Salmon Davies". Salmon-coloured T-shirt, it was... Were you wearing Spanx, Alan? Was that what it was? It was like Spanx, it was. Pulled all the way up. It was the only T-shirt I've ever seen that was actually disturbing. I would wear Spanx if I was a girl. You can get them for men. {\an5}You can get corsets, give you a little bit of a waist. Shut the front door, can you? Yeah. I once got my dad a pair of boxers, actually. They're boxers, but they have, like, a layer, like, a girdle attached to them. Such a great daughter! And does he like them? I don't think he's ever worn them... that he's told me. The comfort factor? Is that comfortable? I would think something pulled... I like something pulled right up. Do you? But I'll tell you what's really unattractive, is a man in... just, only in his underwear, pulled right up. The trick, though, of pulling your underpants right up, and pushing your gut right out. Yeah? It, it...women do find it surprisingly entertaining. {\an1}LAUGHTER It works every time, you kind of get them laughing and then you're away That's the first good idea for a title. What do you mean, "You're away"? When you say, "You're away," what's that? Is that like foreplay? No, what do you... Have you never been, "Away"? No! {\an5}Not recently, no, what do you mean? Oh, we're away now. Shirt unbuttoned to the waist. Hello! We're away here, I did the old pant routine. That's foreplay, in we go! What do you do? I'm not going to tell you what you do next, you should know that bit. {\an5}I know about the birds and the bees, Charlie! I've told you the underpant trick! OK, I've got to go out with that. When did the era end? When, when, when...men used to really hang down one leg and were kind of proud of it? No, I'm just saying, there was an era... No, everyone's so conscious now. Everyone's bulking up and yet clothes are getting baggy. So, there's a body shyness. I'm saying when was that John Wayne era and that...? You look at a Robert Mitchum film and he's packing heat down one leg and he doesn't give a shit. You know, he's... Ronnie Reagan in the golden era, John Wayne... they were just going down one leg. You could see the outline of a cock. Men at their best. You could see men at their best, I mean you could see literally what religion they are. Even the '70s, you look at, like, The Stones or Robert Plant {\an5}and people, they were, they would surely say, "Yes, I'm here and look, check my cock." It came back in, when Linford Christie was in the Olympics. You're obsessed with Linford. Don't you remember? Yeah. That was also, I think it was the first Olympics where they had the head-on shot, and they seemed deliberately to have the camera at a low... Yes. ..angle. He found that very offensive. Well, to a young Alan Davies they did. That's all I saw, anyway! And he hated Linford's Lunchbox. Yeah. {\an5}He hated references to it. I watched a documentary about him the other night. About Linford? About Linford Christie, cos as a comedian you spend a lot of time in hotel rooms by yourself. So, yeah, he was very offended by it, he found it very, sort of just very mean, bearing in mind he was, like, a super champion, and then people were just talking about his...dick. But your...but your...your athletics career is very short-lived, but if you've got a huge cock it's with you for your life. You know? Give a man a cock, he can... Hence you'll show you do. If you've got it, flaunt it. Lucky he wasn't a hammer thrower or something, cos he could have got all kinds of entanglement. Don't think it was that big, was it? No, but Alan's right, it was at the era, the start of the bicy..., of the tight shorts. Swinging the hammer at the beginning, you could snag it, and then by the time you've gone all the way round it would be like a cartoon stretched... Noing, noing, noing. Stretch Armstrong. With hilarious consequences. Did Stretch Armstrong have genitals? They never brought that one out. I don't think he did. I don't think he did, no. That will be in Ann Summers next week. The Stretch Armstrong with a...bendy cock. With his arm that's strong. Yeah. But, yes, I haven't got any tattoos, we established. OK, Well, I thought you did, I thought you'd had some work done. I've got a tattoo... Have you got a tattoo? I got stabbed by my child. Oh, you have, too! I've got the smallest tattoo. {\an5}I thought it was a child stabbing you, in the tattoo, I thought very odd! My mates did think it was a prison tattoo. "Look at my tattoo, it's a child stabbing me." Great, Sal, that's really nice. Is that a permanent mark? {\an5}Yeah, it doesn't seem to...it's several years old, it doesn't seem to be going. What did she stab you with, a pen? A pen, yeah. Prison tat. I once met a guy once, {\an5}and he had, "Bastard" tattooed on his forehead in big bold... "Bastard", that's all it says, "Bastard", and he was in prison, and I saw his kid. {\an5}Not for that? No, he wasn't in prison for that. You can't go to prison for that. {\an5}Can't go to prison for that. There's no law against having "Bastard" on your forehead. But this guy's turned up at the prison visits, and his kid's there, and his kid's like four-years-old and his kid's brought a drawing of Daddy. And it was a stick man and he just had, like a mark, on the forehead because he couldn't spell it yet. Thing is, as the kid goes on in life, he's going to draw Daddy and every time he does at school it's going to get more realistic and every time he draws his dad it's just going to say "Bastard" on the guy's forehead. And I was thinking the teachers might think call the dad in, he's got some real issues here. {\an5}"You'd better come in, I think your child's got some serious father issues. "Cos every time he draws you, he writes "'bastard' on your forehead." I mean he wouldn't obviously say that. But as the dad actually came in, and the teacher saw him, what's he going to say? They'd have to style it out. Yes, style it out. I don't get... I'm not sure about tats. Everyone's doing them, aren't they? Full sleeves. Yeah. I just think they look messy, they look dirty. Have you got any work done. No, no, no, no...I couldn't do it. Charlie's had a bit of work done. I've got a skull there. I went... I have got a skull. Have you really? Yes. Really got a skull? The last thing you would expect. Yeah. My father moved to Hawaii, and I went out there in the early 90's and...the South Pacific is the birthplace of the tattoo and I thought, I'm in Hawaii and I should get a tattoo. Turned out my wife quite liked men with tattoos. Did she realise when she'd got to Hawaii? "I like some of these men." And I thought, yes, if I have a tattoo, I'd be like them. {\an5}A friend of mine has got, "Come and have a go if you're hard enough," in Latin. {\an5}Oh fantastic. Across her stomach. so it's incredibly cool, and she's got these sort of... amazingly cool writing and then she got drunk in Australia and has also got a really shit one of the Sydney Opera House on her ankle. This really, really cool one and then this, you know, tragic, blurry...yeah, in Latin. {\an5}It says, "Come and have a go if you think you're hard enough" - in Latin? In Latin. Does she get, like, hard Latin scholars, classicists coming to her. I haven't talked to her that much about it. "All right, I'll take you on! I know what that means." Has she ever been pregnant? Wouldn't it get bigger and... Oh, I get it, it's different, OK. I saw...there's Amanda Seyfried, Seyfried? The actress? She's got on her foot... I can't remember, she was working with a British actor and he told her a funny English word that she thought was so amusing she go on her foot. The word is "minge". She's got "minge" written on her foot, for all time now! That is, go and go...that is true, go and Google it. She's mislabelled. She has. Minge written on her foot? She's a very beautiful Hollywood superstar. She likes minge! She's got minge? If she had it written over her minge that would be, would that be better or worse? You'd turn into, you know {\an5}the way primary schools were sort of labelled "cupboard", "chair", "basin"... "minge", "tit one", "tit two". "Tit one", "tit two"? "Arse", "arrrrrssee", in my case. No, it wouldn't be, don't put yourself down. Yeah, I know, sorry. So, tell me about opening for Coldplay in Mexico. Yes, well, you know how... when you're...ten years ago, I was relatively, a bit famous and you get charities... approach you and ask you to be ambassadors for different things, so if you're really, really successful, like, you know, Angeline Jolie has {\an5}really big, serious things like rape, but if you're my kind of level... What's yours? She gets all the glamour. Yeah, well, I was rung up by Oxfam, "You know, "we'd really like you to work with us." {\an5}"Of course, you do great work, Oxfam, I'm very keen to work with you." And they said, "We'd like you to be our Fair-trade Maize Ambassador", {\an5}which...maize is essentially sweetcorn. It's a long way down, isn't it, the scale? {\an5}It's quite a long way down the scale. I don't want to put a downer on it. {\an5}But you know what? I was not going to spit at that, I was grateful, you know? And I thought, yeah, you know what, I'll do what I can for the world of sweetcorn, I will... In a manner of speaking... I've had Smack The Pony, I want to give something back. And so they said, "We want to send you out to Mexico, where the "farmers are suffering, because of Nafta, the North American "Free Trade Agreement, you're going to meet some of the farmers "and then write an article for Marie Claire." Actually, what it turned out they wanted to do, they wanted to write the article for Marie Claire and just take some pictures of me holding a piece of sweetcorn. Really? But I'm quite serious, I'm quite literal and I thought, "No, I want to find out about it myself." So, they groaned a bit, but anyway went out there, and took all these books on free-trade agreements and the Zapatistas and what would happen is I would go... go to a field with the Oxfam person and I would meet the indigenous people of the area, talk to them about maize and then they would kill a chicken in my honour. In front of me. Weird thing is, I was the Chicken Ambassador. Yeah, you, I don't know...and then they'd role it in some cocoa powder and like half cook it over a bin, but I... Mmmm! {\an1}LAUGHTER Nom, Nom, Nom, Nom, Nom. I didn't want to be rude, you know, these people didn't have very much. Like, I really, sincerely wished they hadn't killed the chicken. Yeah. So, naturally, I got salmonella! Did you? Yeah, I was extremely ill, I was hospitalised in Mexico. For the cause? For the cause. And then it turned out, I don't know if you remember but there was a big G8 meeting in Cancun and Coldplay were going as guests of Oxfam, and they weren't Fair-trade sweetcorn, they were Fair-trade everything. You ate all the bad chickens... I did exactly the same trip as Coldplay a month before. {\an5}But Coldplay turn up, they say, "We'd love to give you a chicken but we've killed them!" And they said, Coldplay said, they were all vegetarian. You're like the trial run. I was the trial run for frickin' Coldplay. {\an8}Hiding in all these trees are snipers in camouflage. {\an8}And they were going, "Come down from the tree". I once paid quite a lot to go on a...what's it called? A falconry day. Cos I got quite into falconry for a while, and um... Did you seriously get "quite into falconry"? I quite liked it, yeah, I did. I'll tell you what happened, I was filming with them, yeah? And this peregrine falcon, the only, cos it used to be in Britain, the more aristocratic you were the more you were entitled to a better class of bird. And... Damn right! It's true. Nothing's changed. Um...but if you had one above your station, it was the death sentence, that was it, you were killed. I just said that, I got the wrong show for a second, I thought it was QI, but anyway. But this... {\an5}I believe you, cos you do all that History Channel stuff, I believe you. This peregrine falcon, he said, "He won't come for you, he won't come, he won't come, he won't... "Doesn't like people, he won't come." I was like that I was going, {\an5}"Brrrr. Come here, good girl," I made a pigeon noise. Very good, very good. And sure enough, this peregrine falcon came over, just landed there. And he said, "You must be a natural. "You must be a natural, he doesn't come for anyone." And I felt really sort of chuffed. I didn't realise it was part of his pitch...tells everyone... So, I went on this, I thought I'd up my game. I went on this course to learn how to handle eagle owls. Cos I looked them up and they're the biggest bird of prey of all. I didn't realise they're incred... as the guy said, "I've got you down here for eagle owls." I said, "Yeah". He goes, "Why have you gone for eagle owls?" "Cos I've heard they killed a man." He says, "No, it was a child, and it was a tawny owl." I said, "Well, I'll stick with the eagle owls." The tawny owl's actually killed a child, but the eagle owl hadn't. {\an5}I said, "I want to take the eagle owl." He said, "You want to take on an eagle owl, you sure?" "They're heavy, they're heavy as fuck." I'm going, "Yeah." And he says, "Uh, I think Bernard will suit you." How old were you at this time? I wasn't listening at the beginning. {\an5}This is eight months ago, it's a different animal. It was eight months ago? Eight months ago. {\an5}I thought it was when you were a kid or something. No, that's when I started the story. So you've done falconry? You've done a falconry course recently? I've done a recent falconry course. Where have you been? Where have you been? Sorry, he just dosed off, he just... I thought this was one of the stupid things he did when he was a child. No, this is a stupid thing I did as an adult. But, ah, I paid all this for this course, anyway, and he said "You're going to love Bernard, this is really exciting," and they all got really tense and really ready for it, and Bernard, I held up my... {\an1}MAKES PIGEON NOISE ..and Bernard he just got off the stand and he just walked. He just walked, and then he got there and I went and he just hopped up just like that. And he goes, "He won't fly," he goes, "He's a lazy bastard." And that was it, that's all I paid. Did you get a refund? No, that was it? {\an5}You should at least get a partial refund. The guy looks at me and says, "Do you want anothergo?" I thought, "What's he going to do now?" He goes, "It's a good job it's not his brother." I said "Why?" He says, "I had a three-hour fight with him in a field, "three hours it was, just me and him." I go, "What happened in the end?" "I punched his fucking lights out." I'm not kidding, he punched an eagle owl's fucking... After three hours! He said, "I went to fetch him from Newark, yeah? "And I knew, he was in my van, I could hear him "fluttering about, I thought I'd let him out for a little bit, "we've ended up going fucking hand-to-hand in the..." "Hand-to-hand?" {\an5}"Yeah, hand-to-hand in a fucking field, three-hour hand-to-hand combat." "What did you do?" "I punched his fucking lights out." Oh, my goodness. I had an event at Buckingham Palace for the Queen's birthday once, in my guise as a children's author. For her birthday she had a big party to celebrate children's writing, which we're very good at it in this country. And a lot of us children's writers were there, and the kind of centrepiece of the event was they put on this big show, this production, featuring lots of actors playing famous children's characters in literature. They had the cast of Harry Potter there, including Hedwig - the owl. And, um... The great thing about Buckingham Palace is security there is run by the Army, so it's actually much more pleasant than something where the police are doing security. They're all very pleasant, call you "Sir". It's very discreet, so you're not really aware of anything going on. They've been doing it for centuries. And, in the afternoon, they're rehearsing for this play and Hedwig flew off and perched up in a tree somewhere. So, the owl wrangler, he said, "I'll go..." The owl wrangler! I've met one. He said, "Oh, I'll go and get him back." One guy said, "I'm not sure." He said, "It's all right." So, he climbs up this tree and he's halfway up and he looks down and he suddenly realises he's got red spots all over his body and hiding in all these trees are these snipers in camouflage. {\an1}LAUGHTER And they're going, "Come down from the tree." And so he came down rather sharpish. Funniest thing, though, was when they did the show and they had all these stands, and the Queen was there with Prince Philip and... Having... Really enjoying it. Well, she... I mean she just so played up to her image, it was fantastic. Yeah. I mean, it was a rubbish show. But even so there was no excuse for her expression. It was just beyond grumpiness. Like "What the fuck am I having to watch this shit for?" She sits through hours of it. God's sake! It's my birthday. Like six hours of tribal dancing. Yes, "Can't we get the snipers in and shoot them all?" {\an1}LAUGHTER That's a show. That's a proper show! Release them into the grounds. It was the funniest thing. You'd look round and there she is up in the box. So, Charlie. Yes. Please can you be a stimulating talk show guest? {\an1}LAUGHTER Um... I was once interviewed by Jonathan Ross. It was for an in-flight TV thing, and we were in town, in the basement of a Turkish restaurant, I think. It was a very, very hot day and he turned up and he'd obviously, um... had quite a fun night the night before, shall we say. He was a little bit the worse for wear and I'm sure on his TV show he works out in the gym and prepares for it for days, but this one, he hadn't quite. So, he was a bit rough. And we're sitting there, and it was very hot and stuffy down there, and he's very graciously talking to me about my books, and I'm involved in quite a long story, as I am now. That's all right, you've held us. Well, you see, I'm setting it up for you, recreating the stimulating environment that it was. And I look up and he was doing a kind of... Oh! And... So, I said, "Yeah, I'm sorry, Jonathan. "Yeah, all right, it is a boring anecdote." And, I realised, no, he had actually fallen asleep. Really? He was fast asleep. Not ironically snoozing? No irony at all. It was the real deal. He had fallen fast asleep. Brilliant. That's terrible! You couldn't rouse him. Well, I eventually woke him up, and he did that kind of... "Yeah..." You know, pretending he hadn't been asleep. He actually fell asleep during one of your interviews? Yes! So, you know, this is why he's never invited me onto his show. {\an5}I don't know who it reflects on worse, him or me. {\an5}Oh, the flambes outside have gone out! Emergency! {\an5}Is that a code word? No. {\an5}The flambes are out. Sally, tell me about the lovely pair of Italian hookers. Well, I accidentally lived in a brothel in... {\an1}LAUGHTER Me too. ..in Italy, so I did Italian for my degree, and for a degree course you have to do a third year in the country, and, um, you were supposed to get organised, and if you were organised then you went and you'd already got a job prepared for you teaching in a school or doing a degree, but I have always been a complete admin disaster. So, I'd done nothing. I thought I'd better go to the country anyway, so I turned up and I had to look for somewhere to live and I found a cobbledy street with washing going between the houses, and I thought, well, you know, this looks good and... Why? Sorry? Why did it look good? It just looked romantic. OK. Turns out the Italians live in really clean places. Wide roads, marble, and this was all kind of old. And, um, weirdly, in this building all the doors, apart from to my flat, had a sticker on the door with a picture of a pig on it with a line through it. So, I initially thought... They were vegetarians. {\an1}LAUGHTER Well, it took a while, right? It took a while to work it out because pig in Roman dialect, "Madama" means police and pig, you didn't really understand it. And there were these two women who sat on the doorstep all the time, you know, quite butch looking women {\an5}who sat on the doorstep drinking wine from a box from morning till night. And, um... From the box? So stylish the Italians, aren't they? NASALLY: "Eh-h-h! "Caio! Come stai?" "Va bene". That's how they spoke. And ,um... {\an1}ITALIAN SPOKEN And so, you know, I got myself set up there, and I got a job in the only language school in Rome that you didn't need a TEFL qualification to teach at, and which was genuinely run by a former ringmaster, and um... What do you mean by that? He used to be the ringmaster of the Moscow State Circus. Did he? It was all very strange. This isn't really the story. God! It's weird. It's good though. The story is... It's going somewhere. The story is that I lived in a brothel. We've got a brothel run by a Russian ringmaster. No, that was the language school. Right. Sorry. And it turned out that this was basically a brothel. There was three or four flats and across the road there were another couple of small rooms and people would come specifically to our road, and it still is a red light road, Via di Cappoche. Was it noisy? No, and it was really safe. Um, because no-one's going to... All right, don't do a holiday programme for it. It's safe, the Via di Cappoche. {\an5}"If we take a stroll..." You're like Judith Chalmers with the fucking thing. Yeah, they used to think I was too young to be living on my own. They used to give me food and... Who did? The women on the door. What was the pig sign about? The pig sign is, that it turns out that in Roman dialect, a prostitute is a "troilla", which is a sow. And so, this being Italy, to show that there were no prostitutes living here, should the police come round... There's no prostitutes here! ..they have a sticker on the door that says, "No prostitutes here". So, when the police would come, sometimes the police would come and they would just go into one of the rooms with one of the prostitutes and sometimes they'd go, "Oh, you know, we're not allowing any prostitution here." There's none of them here. No, look at the sticker! Look at the sign, we've got the sticker. We've got the sticker and everything. Exactly, yeah. It was bizarre. That year was so surreal in retrospect. I didn't... Russian ringmaster, pigs crossed out... I taught Italian in the Ministry of Defence during the first Gulf War - that was my day job. Teaching Italians to say, "Hi, my name is Stefano." Specifically? My university career was very different. {\an1}LAUGHTER What? You didn't live in a brothel? I was in Norwich for three years. All right. OK. {\an1}LAUGHTER I'll drink to that. Here's to Norwich! {\an5}To think when you're young you just accept all this and just go with it, don't you? Yeah. My old university house used to be a brothel, actually. Did it? Yeah. In York, it's a little bit different. Apparently, cos we'd have taxi drivers picking us up. "Oh, have you finished work for the..?" I lived with all girls. "Have you finished work for the night?" We were like, "No, we have not! "I'm on the way to lectures, thank you very much!" I never went to lectures. My friend, there was a, um, you always go there to learn the language and then just make friends with Brits, and there was a friend Cath down the road. And I was, you know, quite a feminist at the time. I wore my Doc Martens all the time, and I used to get really angry and the Italians would slow down and go, "Ciao, bella". Kind of "Get in my car", and I was constantly having fits about it. And Cath went, "Sal, I really don't know what your problem is. "You get up in the morning looking like shit, go to buy your milk, "12 people tell you you're gorgeous before breakfast." And she said, "Just enjoy it!" you know. And I was... "Grr, it's not all right." But when I came back to England I felt really weird because I would leave the house, "Hello, world!" Everybody ignores you. And for the rest of my natural life! {\an1}LAUGHTER But Ellie, I would like to know, what bit you did for Obama? It was quite a little bit. But no... When I... This is Barack Obama, the actual President of the... Well, before I was a comedienne, and after I was a model, there were the awful years, the dark times, that was time when I worked in, sort of, marketing and events, and PR and that kind of nonsense. Basically, if you needed a mouse mat with a logo put on it, I was your girl. So, yeah, I was doing this job and I was working for an international news channel based in London and they were putting on a big event for the US election. {\an5}It was the first election when Barack Obama was going to become President. Obviously, we didn't know that at the time, but it was the big party for that night, and so I was there and I was very excited, and we'd invited loads of different Americans to come. Like big Americans who were in the UK, so we'd... Like Kevin Spacey and the like. And I was there, and I was very excited and I had a clipboard and headset so I felt terribly powerful. And I'd be able to say things like, "Emergency! We're out of Arancini Balls!" And things... One of the greatest nights of my life, but um... Did you really have a thing there? Yes! Seriously? Like the Secret Service? Yeah, and I had an ear thing and they were like, "Oh, the flambes outside have gone out. Emergency!" Is that a code word? No. The flambes are out. The flambes... Mr Sandman is in... Yeah. So, I was giddy with excitement and then, sort of during the middle of the evening, up these steps walks Josh Hartnett of... Gosh! People are gasping! Right, girls! Girls have gasped. Of Pearl Harbor fame. {\an5}We invited him, but we didn't think he'd come and he just came by himself not with a publicist or anything. And he was like the most beautiful person I've ever seen in my life, and he came in and I had my clipboard, and I was like, "Hm, what was it again? "Josh? OK, I'll see if I can find you." Is that what you did? Yeah. Made him out as if he was a nobody? Yeah, so Josh Hartnett's in the party. Yeah. And the party's going very well. Are you all right? So Josh Harnett's there. Got Josh in the building. Josh is in the building, exactly! And it's all going very well and then I see he's about to leave, and my friends are like, "Ellie, you really fancy him, this {\an5}"is your only time. When are you ever going to be in a building with Josh?" Don't let it go without giving him your number. Exactly, right. So, I was like what I'm going to do. Where you really up for it? I was well up for it, Johnny. Were you? Yeah. Awesome! Good for you, I say. Thanks. That's exactly the right attitude. Wait, wait. I want to hear what happens next. Well, Charlie, what happens. You're giving him a husky voice. Shut up, Johnny! {\an1}LAUGHTER I just get excited. Well, calm down. All right, I don't get out much, Chaz. So he's going. I'm like, right this is my moment, this is my moment. I think, "Right, I'm going to give him my business card." So I get out my business card to give him, and he's just about to leave. I take him by the hand and I kiss him on the cheek... Yeah? I give him my business card and then I realise I have not thought about what I'm going to say. So, I panic. And end up saying, in quite, sort of, a lascivious way "In case you ever need anything in London." {\an1}LAUGHTER Then he just walks away thinking, "Well, she's a massive prostitute!" {\an1}LAUGHTER Shockingly, he never called! {\an5}I'm thinking he must have just lost the card, that's the only explanation. AH! So that's how I helped Obama. If you had that moment again, what would you say? I'd just give him a blowy in the loos. {\an1}LAUGHTER Is the correct answer. That should not get a round of applause. Are there correct answers on this show? Can you win points? I'm actually going to bring in points tonight for the first time. That sounds really good. That sounds to be exactly the right etiquette. Oh, my mum's going to kill me if she sees this. Not at all. A blowy! A blowy? What's you favourite terminology for it, then? Oh, those were the days! I don't know. I don't even remember... There was a time... ..what it feels like. {\an1}LAUGHTER There was a time when the boys where I'm from in Essex called it the most disgusting thing I've ever heard... What? A gobble. A gobble? Yes, I remember a girl who's... {\an1}LAUGHTER When I... When I was talking to the researcher before about... I said, "Does it matter what we talk about?" and he said no, it's usually quite adult humour. So, I thought OK, it'll be jokes about James Joyce and ballet and opera. {\an1}LAUGHTER And I prepared my best ones! Had I known it was all... Give us one of your James Joyce one-liners. Well... He had syphilis, so he couldn't even see his eyes hurt so much. James Joyce was getting a nosh one time... {\an1}LAUGHTER ..off a ballet dancer! In the loo. So, anyway... Please, the ballet jokes that you have. Back to ballet. That's such a good title, "Jokes about James Joyce and Ballet" that I can't really think we'll use anything else at the end. We may as well just wrap. Anyway, Charlie, I want you to tell me about sprucing up Stephen Fry's interiors. I quite like saying that. It's a... Yes, you've made quite a dull story sound intriguing. {\an1}LAUGHTER He's a professional! Yeah, no, it was in my days as a painter and decorator. When I left university I was in a band for six years, I was a singer for six years, and... The Higsons. I remember. They were good. Yeah, The Higsons - it was good fun. But you never made any money, so the bass player and myself when we weren't touring, we started doing a bit of decorating because we had a bit of time. And we started making good money, you know, there are a lot of houses in London. And Paul Whitehouse, who I'd met at university, was working as a plasterer. He did fancy plastering like running cornices and mouldings and things. So, we often worked together. And Harry was also someone we'd met and he was... Harry Enfield. Harry Enfield. Yes, sorry. Harry Enfield. Did he have a trade? He'd been working as a milkman. We all ended up squatting in these flats in Hackney, and, yeah, he was working as a milkman, Paul was a plasterer and I was a decorator. This seems absurd. Well, it was a long time ago. Paul was a good plasterer. A very good plasterer. He was on The Big Breakfast Show. He came to do some plastering. {\an5}He could still do it. I was a very decorator as well, I'll have you know. Were you? Well, you know, we did posh decorating. And, posh people, they don't really like having working-class people like Johnny in their houses. Did you sort of front the crew? "Hi. Good afternoon!" We were all posh. Paul's not posh. He's posher than he sounds. No, no, but... No, he is not posh! Well, you know, his mum... No, he's not. His mother's an opera singer. Um... She plays urchins. No, no, he's... He can do posh. Yes. But we'd get quite nice, posh jobs. And Harry was starting to do the comedy stuff and he got to know Stephen and Hugh and they said, "We need someone to decorate our house." {\an5}They were living together at the time, just sharing a house, and um... Good save. Stephen's fantasy life nearly came true then. Well, Stephen had made huge amounts of money re-writing Me And My Girl musical... That's right. A musical taking out all the references, all the "N" words and things like that that were in it. Is that right? I didn't know. Is that how he did it? So, they got us in. Me and Paul went in and we decorated their house top to bottom and replastered it and spruced it all up, and, of course, we were incredibly annoying because we were starting to write a bit for Harry and we were thinking, "Oh, this looks like all right, get in and do a bit of comedy." So we would sort of do comedy routines and funny voices whilst... Paul never stops. Well, no, he is your archetypal comedian. You're the sort of more quietly spoken, generally a bit more... Yeah. But Paul's just never... He's nearly as bad as Johnny. No, he's worse. I've worked with him. I've worked with him. He's miles worse. He's miles worse. Seriously, I don't even get a word in there. No, he is. He's miles worse. He is, you know, he'll do voices and impressions. {\an5}He's incredibly entertaining. Bloody funny, isn't he? Brilliant! You know, and I would try and keep up and we'd do these funny... "Oh, they're up! Let's do another funny routine." In the hope they might spot us and say, "Oh, you two guys, "you're terribly funny. You should come on the television with us." So, it worked! We did get onto TV. That is hilarious. So, we did up the house, we did a fantastic job and then they were both rich enough to move on, and Paul and I, our career took off in TV and we bought the house off them. Was this the beginning of Loadsamoney? The start of that? Well, it kind of was, because we started... You know, "I can buy shoes!" Things like that. {\an5}Do you know about Loadsamoney, Ellie? You were a bit to young maybe? Yeah, no. Yeah, I've seen it on the YouTube. The YouTube facility. The extraordinary thing about it... So funny, wasn't it? ..was if you put all the TV appearances of Loadsamoney together, everything he did, it would probably last about 20 minutes. Yeah. That's all it was. It was a brief thing, wasn't it? You know, Paul and I doing those jobs together, that was one of the origins of Loadsamoney because we would often pretend to be working class builders. We would do these marvellous, funny routines, talking about girls and drinking. No, we did. So that was sort of one of the ways that Loadsamoney came from. It was extraordinary because Margaret Thatcher in the House of Commons actually said, so we are in Hansard, she said, "People have accused us of creating "a Loadsamoney economy. Well, what's wrong with that?" Is that what she said? Yeah. I finished the link and I just heard, clunk! And funnily enough, laughter rather like that. Johnny, tell me about how you nearly died on an oil rig. Why didn't you die on an oil rig? {\an1}LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Very good point, very good point. Very good point. Well, I nearly did. I mean... And there's, there's your... Am I like, "Boo!"? {\an1}LAUGHTER Do you know what I mean? I've become the fucking bad guy! You're not the bad guy. You're lovely, we all love you, but we want to know how you nearly died. "Boo!" {\an1}HE HISSES {\an1}LAUGHTER I'll kill you all! Erm... Well, I to... It's awful! I never thought... Anyone comes on this show and becomes, like, a panto baddy! I thought I was really... I thought I was really opening things up! {\an1}LAUGHTER And now it turns out I'm not very popular! {\an1}LAUGHTER Oh, my... What happened to... So you're on the oil rig. Yeah, I went on this oil rig, cos I was filming for this film show, and it wasn't actually an oil rig, it was an oil rig escape tower. Now, these are things hundreds of feet high, and when an oil rig is burning, they stick you in, like, a metal box about the size of a minibus, and you have to get strapped in, they just literally drop it off the side at great speed in case the oil rig's about to burst into flames. And I got stitched up by this team, I think probably felt the same as you did about me. {\an1}LAUGHTER It seems that they too wanted to place me in a metal box and eject me very fast. I... Those are just the feelings I engender. And, erm... And... And... it was terrible, because I was going to do the opening. There are times when you do telly, you forget what you're actually about to do. You think, "I'm concentrating on learning the lines." There was a show called Moviewatch. I was going, "Welcome to Moviewatch "from Dundee. Today we're looking at the city," and then the idea was I finished, and they were going to drop this thing off the tower. I said, "Don't actually drop it. We can film it from the outside, "you don't need to see me in it. You know we can just do that." They go, "Yeah. That's what we're going to do." But again, you know the vibe round me. {\an1}LAUGHTER The vibe round me is... "Let's drop the bastard!" "let's... Let's... "Let's do him harm! "Harm him! Harm him!" And so I got in this thing and they said, "Don't worry, we're not "actually going to drop you in it, cos we're not covered, anyway." The director assured me. And so I got in this metal box, and they have to... And it's... The impact is so fucking massive, they have to strap you, you have a special seatbelt for your head. And you KNOW things are bad when there's a seatbelt going around your head. And everything... It was like when you see guys on a gurney, about to be... The death sentence. It was like that but in a minibus seat. And I was going, "Welcome every... Er... And that's where "we're coming from." And I was meant to go, "Whoa!", {\an5}and then I was going to get out of there and they were going to drop... They had one already on film from the exterior shot, they were going to drop it in, and then I just... I finished the link and I just heard "clunk". {\an1}LAUGHTER And funnily enough, laughter rather like that. {\an1}LAUGHTER From most of fucking Dundee, and this thing just went, "Whoa!", like this and I was like, "No! Jesus Christ!", and you leave your... Honestly, it's the most terrifying thing, and it hits the.. The Scottish man says, "You don't want to, Johnny, "cos if you hit that water, from that height, "it's like fucking concrete. You can just 'getdifuckya'." And it did, and it hit so hard. So, for the rest of the show, I've got this sort of neck, and my neck is just hurting so much that I'm sort of looking round like this. Anyway, I get fished out the water. I'm in this thing. I'm the only one in there, so I'm alone in this metal box floating round in the North Sea. They fired up the rig and just left. Because I didn't think it was going to go down, I've loosened the safety belt. I thought, "I've got a bit of movement. I'm not going to link like that. "It's like Hannibal Lector or something." So, I've gone off this thing, it's gone "Bang!" really hard, and it's really hurt and my head's really loose, so I've got this stiff neck. You know, one of those real, "You all right there?" "Not too bad. You all right?" So, that's when I nearly died on an oil rig. There you go. It was fucking awful. I had to go on a gurney thing... No... I mean a be... When I was in Jonathan Creek. And the paramedic had to strap me on this stretcher, and they thought it'd be really funny and they strapped my legs incredibly tightly, pulled as hard as they could and then left me there, and then I was out round the corner and I had to wait for the camera and the other actors to come, and I was there for about ten minutes, and it was... After a while, I started going... CHUCKLING: Saying, shouting... "This strap is too tight! I can't move my legs! Where are those men?!" I know! "Someone release me! "Help me! There must be a runner! I can't move my legs! "It's awful! Ow! Ow!" But no-one would come. They were like "Fuck it, leave him. "What a wanker." It's actually quite reasonable. It's horrible! Yeah! I can't get anyone's attention. I know they can all hear me. That was... You know, there's that moment when you think everyone... Well, I get that a lot. "Everyone hates me." It's, like, my factory setting. {\an1}LAUGHTER That's not true at all. I was just playing up to. You were just playing up to it. Just checking the whole... Still being the bad guy. Make way for the bad guy. Uh... Well we've got... We can finish. Erm... {\an1}LAUGHTER Our work here is done. Our work here is done. Our work here is done. You know how to end a show! {\an1}LAUGHTER Whoa, you really do! What a climax! {\an1}HE HUMS BOMBASTIC SONG That's all, folks. I don't know how I got the job! It's the laziest show. I have no understanding of a finale. It's just, "Well, that will be that, then." {\an1}LAUGHTER I've done some of the laziest shows on radio and television over 22 years, and I can tell you this - this is bone fucking idle. {\an1}LAUGHTER There's no preparation. You just rely on people to turn up with stuff and you do fuck all. I watched you round the back, you were sleeping in your dressing room, eating Maltesers when you woke up. Cos I opened them. I do! You did? Oh, YOU opened the Maltesers? I opened the Maltesers cos I was having a piss, cos there's not one in ours. Charles has used my lavatory as well. Has he? Well, he had no choice. That would be quite a good title. Yeah. Oh, titles! Charles Has Used My Lavatory! We have to have a title. I quite like She's Got "Minge" Written On Her Foot. {\an1}LAUGHTER {\an1}"Minge" On My Foot - the new album. My mum's going to be so cross if she watches this. Yeah. It's hard to get passed I'd Give Him A Blowy In The Loo. Don't! {\an1}"I'd Nosh Hartnett", I quite like. Nosh Hartnett's good. Yeah. I like "Jokes About James Joyce And Ballet." I thought that was one of my favourite ones. Is it a democracy or do you have to choose it? Well... Can we have a vote? We could vote. I mean, I'm open to suggestions. I bet you are! Cos you haven't written anything! Unlike Josh. {\an1}LAUGHTER Oh! Oh! And the audience, suddenly there was a new bad guy! # Shot through the heart! # {\an1}SHE LAUGHS If Josh is watching this, he'll be kicking himself. He really won't be. Such an idiot. {\an1}LAUGHTER Please, will you thank my guests, Ellie Taylor.... Johnny Vaughan... Sally Phillips... and Charlie Higson. {\an1}APPLAUSE I'm Alan Davies, and you have been watching Jokes About James Joyce And Ballet. {\an1}HE CHUCKLES {\an1}CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 