Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s1e4 - Until I'm Married or You're Dead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Until I'm Married or You're Dead - full transcript 
 Comedy chat show hosted by Alan Davies. The curly-haired one joins Bill Bailey, Kevin Eldon, Isy Suttie and Craig Campbell for an unscripted chinwag, with top laughs guaranteed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Thanks, bye. Yeah, I've got my sandwiches Hey, why not follow me to Alan Davies' show? Oh, traffic was terrible. Rock and roll. 20 rounds of corned beef sandwiches with piccalilli. I have not had sexual relations with any of the guests. Hello, I'm Alan Davies and welcome to As Yet Untitled. I've got four guests and we'll be having a conversation that is entirely unprepared, unrehearsed, not previously drafted, um, not scripted, like this. And even as we speak, channel executives are throwing themselves off the roof, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that was actually scripted but not, er, by me. Um, by the end, by the end of the hour, we will have come up with a title for the show, that is our sole aim. So, please will you welcome my guests. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Good evening, everyone. Er, Bill Bailey is here. Hello, Bill. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Bill is an honorary member of the Society of Crematorium Organists. It's one of the things I like about Bill. Isy Suttie is here, ladies and gentlemen, Isy Suttie. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Isy Suttie, regional winner for composition in the Daily Telegraph Young Jazz Musician of the Year 1995. And has a GNVQ in wine tasting. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Two of the things I like about Isy Suttie. APPLAUSE AND LAUGHTER Craig Campbell is here, fantastic. Hello, Craig. Craig, er, once exchanged details with the head of Iraqi police. LAUGHTER Details, not fluids. That's an important distinction. And Kevin Eldon. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Kevin was once a pirate at Alton Towers. LAUGHTER Is that true? Good times, good times. Yeah. You were an actual pirate? I wasn't an actual pirate. I was a pretend pirate in the context of, er, the Alton Towers set-up. But it was... We were in a little isolated wooden cabin, which was set on this little false island, which had a little tiny train going around it. And we were in there for eight hours and every quarter of an hour, the train would go round us, full of kids, and we'd have to act out a sort of mini play as pirates. Were you getting much work at the time? No. Because in that cabin were five unemployed actors, right, so... How old were you at this time? I was four. LAUGHTER 28, 29. But the thing is, we had to do a show ever quarter of an hour and what kind of made the show go downhill a bit but uphill for us is we had an enormous amount of alcohol hidden away in the cabin. As indeed pirates would have done. Yeah, exactly. And so by 12 o'clock, it was SLURRED "Yeh! Good, we're pirates. Argh!" By 12? By 12, yeah, we started at half eleven. And it was so... Sorry? What happened in the play? Well, you basically had to have a false fight and you had to shout, "Look out, there be skellingtons, so that was it." Oh, right. And that went just on a loop? There was a lot of impro involved. Oh, yeah. And you had to climb over the false island and shake a sword. It wasn't the most exacting of roles I've ever taken on. Right. But also, then somebody, some of the pirates brought cannabis into the equation. Oh, no, no, no. And some of them did and so it got very slow. Yeah. It got quite introspective. Yeah. It was paranoid pirates?. The paranoid pirates. "Where have they gone?" "They're still in the cabin." Yeah, "Pieces of eight." "Who said that?" Yeah, pieces of eight. I did that but I was in London at the time. I'd have travelled anywhere to be a pirate for ?15 a day cash in hand. Did you have to wear an eye patch? I had to wear an eye patch, you had to bring your own. Did the lack of depth perception cause any trouble? Yeah, it caused enormous problems Bad around kids with a sword?. Exactly, especially after four joints and a pint of scrumpy. Yeah, it goes... All your distance goes all out. Do you keep your eye closed when you've got a patch on? Or do you keep it open underneath? I always wondered that. You do, you overcompensate, you hold it like that, because you're actually trying to go through the darkness. One eye's normal and the other is four times normal size. Could you not make a little hole in the patch so it looks like the patch but you can see out of the patch? If I had a time machine that took me back 25 years, then that's exactly what I'd have done. Just do an experiment, let's all close one eye and pick up your drink, right? OK, here we go. That went much better than I expected. It does explain why the cabin was ankle deep in scrumpy. Yeah. It would've been, wouldn't it? LAUGHTER What I was going to say was that, probably, your depth perception goes out and then, look, exactly. Who are you people? LAUGHS You've never seen these people before on the show? ?15 a day cash in hand. Hang on, one of them has got a wooden leg, wait a minute. If I'd actually had an eye patch on there and he'd suggested that and you'd had a compass, would you have actually poked me in the eye then? If you'd let me finish my vodka, yes. Is that a pint of vodka? Lovely. Wonderful. Don't give him another drink. No, don't give me... Just a half. Ah, thank you. Argh! Argh! Argh! Yeah, but, you really do look like a pirate, in a way, in a sort of comedy pirate way, beardy, long-hairedy. We don't have a huge tradition of pirating in, er, Canada. Well. we don't, really, in Hampstead. I used to want to be an albino when I was a kid. I think it's because of an albino rabbit. When you're a kid you look at rabbits a lot, don't you? Yeah, well, you don't. You're taken to see rabbits. Yeah. It's not... Unless there's rabbits in your home, I suppose, then, because you would look at them. One in your bed when you wake up, looking at you. Yeah. I'm not sure if a white rabbit is an albino or just a rabbit that's white. I don't know because it's got red eyes, hasn't it? So I think... I think it is. I think I knew about the Draize test before I knew about rabbits. What's that? What's the Draize test? It's when they put shampoo in their eyes. Oh, right. Oh, yeah. And quite wrongly, I think. Yeah, well, it's not ideal, is it? Um, and you'd think there'd be another way of doing it, surely? I mean, is there not some other way of finding out whether it stings? Prisoners. Exactly. LAUGHTER I was going to say human. You know, there was a guy at university who would get paid to try out drugs. And he took all sorts of things, beta-blockers, anti-depressants, all kinds of drugs. And he had to keep kind of samples of his wee all around the flat. He used to keep them outside on the window ledge. Why did he have to leave it on the window ledge? Was it to do with the temperature? Yeah, exactly. It couldn't be too warm in the flat. Student accommodation is freezing anyway, so it doesn't really matter where it was but I think it froze a couple of times, pfft! Shocked the people below. Get a bit of frozen urine in... Is that an urban myth that sometimes you can get out of a plane will fall some frozen wee? Oh, yeah. And then it'll land on a person and then they'll die because of the impact. When they're found, they're lying in a puddle of wee. People just think they're dead and, yeah. LAUGHTER It's like the old stabbing someone with an... Icicle. ..icicle, yeah. An icicle of wee. Or something else, like custard or something. Can you freeze custard? You could. If you were going to kill someone with it. But not if you're going to eat it because dairy doesn't really... Freeze well, yeah, other than ice cream. It separates. Yeah, it separates. My mum froze my birthday cake when I was very little and it shrunk to about half its size And all the writing went really weird. But she also breastfed me till I was three so... You know what, right? The other day, my mate was still breastfeeding her kid and it can speak and it's got teeth and stuff. And I was like, "Oh! This is a bit weird." I remembered that I was breastfed till I was two or so I thought. I went home and I was like, "I can't believe you breastfed me till I was two because I've just seen..." Um, I'll change her name, "..Carolyn..." No-one's called Carolyn, are they? "..um, breastfeeding her kid." My mum said, "We didn't breastfeed you till you were two, we breastfed you till you were three." So it explains a lot about why I wanted to be an albino. But you know what? I googled "Breastfeeding older kids" to try and make myself feel better and I found all these articles about it because it's a big thing. A lot of people go longer. Huh? A lot of people go longer than that. Yeah, much longer. There was a woman who was still breastfeeding her eight-year-old son. I know. There was like a picture of him on her lap and everything. And a laptop at the same time. Doing his accounts. Yeah, texting his mates, going, "This is weird." She still wants to do it. But in the interview... And a blanket to hide the erection. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Oh! But in the interview she said that she said to him "When are we going to stop doing this?" And he said, "We're going to do it until I'm married or you're dead." Oh! LAUGHS Awesome. That's scary. That could apply to so many things. We're going to do this until I'm married or you're dead. An old-fashioned wife crushing. Argh! Argh! I refuse to be questioned about papier-mache. Isy, you're quite creative because you made a papier-mache penguin. Yes. Can you tell me at what age you made this and why? I was about 25 or 26. LAUGHTER LAUGHS Hold on... Most people have left papier-mache behind by then. You finished breastfeeding. I was trying to save an ailing relationship. So we'd been to London Zoo and his favourite animals were penguins. We'd fallen in love, well, he had really with this penguin called Roy who was a bit slower than the other penguins and lagged behind. I know. He had one leg longer than the other and stuff like that. So we were like, "Oh, poor Roy, he never gets enough fish." And that was a really good day, we were at the zoo. And then it was coming up to Christmas and I thought, "Oh, what can I do?" "I've really got to pull the stops out." So I decided to make this penguin. And I wanted to make it as big as a real penguin but it was probably about five-foot high and really fat and it took about two months. It cost about ?180, like, to buy all the material. Wow! And, um, it had this stuffed head and a beak and his head could go at any angle and, er, so he could look in all different kinds of moods. And I took him round and, um, unfortunately, he got put in the corner of the room and then just used to look at us with his head on one side like... It was awful actually. Like sort of slightly... What mood was that? That was in a sort of melancholic lost mood. Imploringly. Yeah. Yeah, like... "Why?" When I knocked on the door, I had him next to me and I had my arm around him because I'm only five-foot four and, er, he sort of looked at both of us and he was like, "Oh!" I said, "This is Roy." And he was like, "Oh, hello." Yeah. But did it...? Did it...? I mean, you know... No. I don't want to be personal but did it work? No, it kind of... I think it bought us another two months. Do you think he felt obligated to stay with you because you'd made him a papier-mache penguin? Yeah. But he got put in a loft because he moved house and he got left in this loft. Oh! Where is he now? Have you got him? No he's still in this loft in Herne Hill as far as I know. Oh, no! I don't know if his head's on or off. Going back and saying, "You know it didn't work out "but any chance we could have the penguin back?" It's a good idea, like a kid. Yeah, exactly, yeah. I'm back. Hi, er, any chance of, er,... Roy. Isn't papier-mache quite messy? Yeah, but it's funny. What is it? A lot of glue and paper? I'd forgotten how to do it but I think it's glue and paper, yeah. Water. Yeah, maybe a bit of water. Is it flour and water? I thought it was flour. Anyone know? How do you do it, Kev? I don't know how, I haven't done papier-mache for years. Come on, pirates know about all this sort of stuff, don't they? Surely. Being a pirate is a very small part of my life, Bill. You know, and I refuse to be, er, questioned about papier-mache. See, you call it papier-mache. Yes, I do. Well it's French, isn't it? FRENCH ACCENT Papier-mache. Yeah, monsieur. Ah, oui. Yeah. C'est bon. Tres bien. Yeah, tres bien. Not bad, huh? Yeah, oui. Papier-mache. Oui. SPEAKS FRENCH Tres bien. SPEAKS FRENCH SPEAKS FRENCH Oui. SPEAKS FRENCH LAUGHTER That was a Eurovision entry. Yeah. APPLAUSE Tres bien, tres bien, tres bien. Encore! No, no, no, no, no, no. Are you bilingual, Canadian man? No, I say no. Western Canada. No, I like to say I'm, no.... We're famous for being Texas of the north, they call us. You can imagine how much we've embraced Francophone. Are you British Columbia? Alberta. But I like to say, and it's only from living among the English, that, although I'm not bilingual I am very French-familiar. And I only say that I'm familiar with it because English people are the first people I've ever lived with that have actually, like, when French comes on the radio in my presence, have said, "What's that?" It's like, "You don't even know it's French?" LAUGHTER I might not know exactly what they're saying but I can confirm that's French. I had a wonderful experience recently where I'd hurt myself quite badly on Mont Blanc and ended up in a French hospital in Chamonix. And can proudly say that I was able to speak more French to a French surgeon than a French surgeon was able to speak English to me and the crowning moment was him looking at my X-rays, I'd smashed my finger quite badly, you might happy to know it was an Englishman that knocked the rock on top of me. Using mountain lingo, he said, "Rock!" The French doctor looked at my X-rays and he said, "I do not know how you say in English "but in French we say this bone here is pureed." Oh, that's not good. No, no. What did they do? Did they put a pin in it? No, no, In fact, one of my favourite things to reveal to people, if you haven't broken a finger in your own life, if I can save you any time, you break a finger, go into any hospital in the western world, here, Japan, across Canada, walk into any emergency room and just say, "Hi, I broke my finger." They'll say, "Do you have a finger you didn't break?" "Yes, I do." "Well, tape it to that. Enjoy your life. Good luck, bye." "Parking isn't free." LAUGHTER I ran over my wife's foot and broke it. Oh, right. Still your wife? Yeah, she's still my wife. It was a hire car. You got through that? I got a hire car. How big was the fucking penguin? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE It was pretty big. I'm working on a woolly mammoth. Yeah, I'll bet. No, we got a hire car and the handbrake... You know sometimes in cars now there isn't a handbrake. Footbrake. There's a little thing and there was a little parking brake on the dashboard and I pulled that but it didn't... When I got out of the car it felt like it moved a bit. I thought, "I'm not happy with this." So I left it in gear just so it wouldn't roll away, I'd only just got it. Anyway, she's putting the kids in the back, strapping them in the car seat. To start this car, you had to put your foot on the clutch, when that became a safety option, I have no idea. I've left it in gear, haven't I? When I took my foot off the clutch, it went forward and up onto her foot because the handbrake was not engaged. And then sat there. The thing that I'd pulled, I thought was a handbrake, was actually the handbrake release. Release, yes. Fucking hell! Why is the handbrake release not the same as the handbrake? That would be good if they were the same and the handbrake didn't exist. Wow! There was no handbrake, there was a tiny black footbrake... Yes, a footbrake. ..concealed by the black carpet in the dark footwell. Foot well, invisible. Quite a standard piece of kit, no excuse. Anyway, we had to go... To the hospital. ..to the hospital. Was it actually flat like a cartoon, about sort of like that wide? Yeah. I went up onto it and then she was going, "Argh!" And both the kids were in the back going, "Aarrgghh!" I could hear her screaming. She was going, "Go back" Go back!" Oh, no. "Go back!" But I'm not good in a crisis. No. Um... I went forward and completed the, er.. So you... LAUGHTER Woah! Hold on, hold on, hold on. APPLAUSE You're all applauding me. You finished the job. You finished the job. Finished the job? I couldn't find reverse, I was in a panic. You used your wife as a speed bump? Is that what..? I should've just got out of the car and pushed it back, it'd have been easier. Ay, caramba! I couldn't think. You were on it while you were freaking out? I was on it, I was on it, I've never heard the children scream so loud. I'm in the car, they're behind me, if they make any noise of distress at any point in my life, my brain goes into some sort of, I don't know what, primordial spasm, is that a thing? Yes. Yes, it is. You really... It's primitive, "I must protect my children." Yes. "I shall do that by immediately driving away from the scene." LAUGHTER That feeling of protecting your offspring doesn't work at the wheel of a hire car it turns out. Evolution does not... Technology's really outpaced evolution. Yeah. Our basic instincts are not compatible with the equipment around us. No you're not a... That's my excuse. Yeah. Yeah, don't become a pilot. No. Or a pirate. Did you actually...? Did you break it? Did you break it? It cracked, it cracked, the foot cracked. An old-fashioned wife crushing. And then when we got home, right, my little boy was... They were acting it out. Yeah. My kids were acting it out. He's going round with his little trolley full of bricks with the alphabet on... Argh! ..making his sister lie down on the floor and going, "I run over your foot, I run over your foot!" "Aarrgghh!" And everyone who came to the house for days after, "Daddy ran over Mummy. Yeah. LAUGHTER This is the pattern that we're doing and nobody get it wrong. Did you hit him? Bill, can you tell me how you become an honorary member of particularly crematorium organists? Are they different from other organists? Er, yeah, there's, I guess, there's a certain amount of deference you have to try and imbue into the organ playing. You can't be too show-offy, I don't think, you know? It couldn't be You couldn't do that as the thing's going off into the flames. I'm here all week. You know, you couldn't do that. Is it like...? Are there pipes? Is it a churchy organ with pedals? No, no, no, no. Or is it really like an electric? It's a little, yeah, it's a Bontempi-esque. It's not even like The Doors? It's not even like a proper... No, you couldn't, there's no... There's not two levels of keys. You can't really... Rick Wakeman. Do a Rick Wakeman. Journey To The Centre Of The Earth, although, I suppose, you know. In some respect, in some ways, you're on a journey somewhere. Yeah, you couldn't play Light My Fire, that would be... That would be, you know, that would be... Although it's tempting. I'm sure that's been done. I'm sure it has, yeah. Have you played the big ones...? I have played the big ones, yes. You still talking organs?. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, er... No, I played the one in the Albert Hall, which is probably, like, the biggest. I've heard that's a massive organ. It is, er, it's a huge. It's a huge organ. That was like some scene from some 1960s review then. Yes, it was. Oh, I hear it's a massive organ. My mum plays the organ. Yeah? Yeah, and she bell rings. Yeah, she bloody does, yeah. Never had a lesson. I tried bell ringing once and I let go of the ropes. The bells are really heavy, have you ever tried it? Yeah. It's mad. Really difficult. They're really kind of like, "This is the pattern that we're doing and nobody get it wrong." They all wear waistcoats and stuff. And, um, it's quite full on. I didn't really realise how many rules there were. I used to get so bored, I used to go and sit on these tapestry cushions and just wait for the bell ringing to end. But I tried it once and I let go of the rope while I had it down. You sort of pull it down, don't you? And it loops up and you let go. And it goes really high and then you pull it down again. And so on. And I let go when it was down and it hit me in the stomach and the face, it gave me a nose and mouth bleed. Which one of those is in your stomach? LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Isy Suttie's famous tummy mouth. Wow! My second face. Ah! Can you tell me about exchanging details with the head of the Iraqi police? Oh, right. Yeah, well, he was the future head of the civil force appointed by George Bush to Baghdad. And I dealt with him as an 18-year-old. We'd called him because I'd been robbed and we'd held onto the robber in Times Square. He had shown up and released the robber who'd robbed me immediately. Then interrogated me and a couple of friends as to who was buying drugs. So an argument ensued in a way that, as a young Canadian, I was very respectful of authority and especially the police. But now I was dealing with a guy that had released a criminal, was accusing me of buying drugs and hadn't washed his uniform for quite some time, nor his vehicle, had a big ponytail and about eight earrings in each ear, which, at a point in the argument I referred to him as "Disco dad." LAUGHTER Not realising at the time that he was also teaching special weapons and tactics to the entire New York Police Department. I mean, this is in 1989. And, um, he became confrontational beyond interrogating me for drugs. And, finally, to his credit as a police officer, he said, he said, "Where are you from?" So I said, "I'm from Canada." And he said, "You're not in Canada now." And then we exchanged information. And then I went in to complain about him in a police department. There was a young cop sitting behind the desk. We came in and said, "What would happen if we complained about one of your officers?" And he very casually looked at us and then looked at the waste-paper basket. LAUGHTER And then looked back. And we had a laugh at that and just thought, you know, "America's doomed when this is the type of authority that's in charge." And we walked away and he said, "Out of curiosity, "who were you going to complain about?" I said, "Officer Carrick." He said, "Yeah, he's a prick." And then called us back and wrote down a half-dozen different bars that we could drink in underage. Addresses. "We never go in here, we never go in here." "You can get in here." Wow. And then the next time I saw him was on the third page of the Telegraph, there in his uniform as the, appointed by George Bush, head of the Iraqi Civil Police. And you'll be happy to know as well that he failed at that and he's in jail right now for embezzlement. Right. So, yeah, there's George... Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's where he is. There is... There is... George Bush's ability to assess character. And if they'd just asked an 18-year-old Canadian, the prick wouldn't have got the job in the first place. Yeah. And if you're listening at all, Officer Carrick, you're a prick! Bill, now, Bill Bailey, you have been detained for possession of a kazoo, is that correct? Yeah. That's right, yeah, I was. Um, firstly, can we establish everyone knows what a kazoo is? You know, it's sort of like a small device that you blow into and there's a little membrane at the top and a little sort of bowl that sits on top and traditionally it was a comb and paper arrangement. You don't really blow, you more kind of... bbbrrrr! You sort of... bbbrrrr! You know, you force air through it and it creates a vibration and creates a tone, which is the same as whatever you're, you know, humming. And so I've used this kazoo in the show. I was touring, I was travelling from Australia to New Zealand. Bing the sort of person that I am, I had to get the best kazoo there was, which was a large metal sort of affair, with a metal bowl and it had inside, unbeknownst to me, was... Hash. Um, well, yeah. Well... A tiny phial of heroin. A tiny phial of, yes... A tiny speck of uranium. You see... In New Zealand terms, it was the same contraband. It was a feather and instead of just a paper membrane, they used a feather, I had no idea about this at all. So I was going through and he said, "What's this?" And, of course, when you take a kazoo out of your travel bag, it does... And the way... I'm more resembling Craig back in those days. And... You're not far off, mate. Well, I know, yeah. But this is not a good look for international air travel, right? LAUGHTER MAKES ALARM NOISES Straightaway... "Check him for feathers! Check him for feathers!" "He's got something in his beard." "I reckon he keeps bees, it's something to do with bees." And, um... That was the worst, going into Australia, when they say, "Have you got any bees or beekeeping equipment?" I mean, that's just, you know, like you'd be pushing a hive, you know. MAKES BUZZING NOISES Don't need to ask. They just need to go, "Ssh! Ssh! Ssh!" Yeah. No, you're all right. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, so I said, er... And he pulled it out and it looks so incriminating, a kazoo, it just looks like drug paraphernalia. And this guy was... He'd never seen a kazoo before, didn't even know what kazoo was, so he just said, he said, "What's that then?" I went, "It's a kazoo, surely you know what that is?" He went, he goes, "So what's inside it?" And, er, I said, "I don't know." You realise by now Carrick would've shot you dead? Yeah. I said, "I don't know what's inside it." He said, "Can you look inside?" I opened it up and he went... He actually was so... There's a smug look on someone's face when they've found... Found it. They've found... Right. He went, "Well, what's this?" Held up this tiny feather, like... And I went, "Wow!" I said, "I didn't even know they had them in there." And he's going, "Oh, yeah. You knew that was there." And I said, um, I said, "It won't work if you take the feather out." "Look, look." BLOWS It's a kaz. I said, "Put it back in." He didn't know what it was supposed to do. I said, "Put it back in." I had to show. "Look, watch. It's a kazoo." MIMICS KAZOO And so I'm playing them tunes. Then got a bit carried away, played like a medley, '80s hits. MIMICS KAZOO Yeah, so he impounded it. And he said, "We can take it off you and destroy it." Wow! Destroy it. Destroy it, yep. Or you can pay, like, a $30 fine and we will impound it in... And he brought this massive hazard bag out with hazard symbols all over it and placed it, with tongs, really sort of, you know, ostentatiously into this bag. Gee! That's what it was in when I bought it. And so it was then taken off me and I... It was just the feather taken? Just the feather. He took the feather. It took a minute to get from the top of the hazard bag to the bottom. Yeah, just went down to the bottom. A few bees in the bottom. Dead. Dead bees. "No, not the feather." And... So I was, yeah... I had to... Then, you know, just... I had to improvise, yeah. What do they put in kazoos in New Zealand then? Do they use indigenous feathers? Some, probably, yeah. It would be... Possum? Yeah, a possum or something. Possum's eyelid or something. Possum. Something local, yeah, that you would have to smuggle in, you know. When I first went to New Zealand, I met an elderly fellow, that was nice, I was a guest in his home. And I'm used to sort of conservation of all things, animals, regardless of whether or not you they're eating your ground-dwelling birds. And he just asked casually, he said, "Did you see any possums? And I said yes. And he just went into, "Did you hit 'em?!" I just, "No, I didn't think to murder the animals on the road." But when you wrap your head around where they're coming from, they're being eaten out of house and home by them. The idea of a cull, yes. I mean, we need... There is a sort of, you know, a point to their cull... Yes. ..when animals get out of hand, the population gets out of hand. In fact, I was pitched a TV idea called To Cull Or Not To Cull. It's straight up, it was... The idea was that I would learn how to shoot things with a rifle, right? And then I would then get an animal that needed culling in my sights and then you would phone the number, "Dial this number to keep the animal alive." "Dial this number to cull it. See you after the break." You know. This is it, I've never felt so alive. Stand down, it's just a goose. Feeling decongested, are you? Would you ever eat something that you'd knocked over? You're not allowed to eat a pheasant, are you? If you run over a pheasant and you take it, that's poaching. Yeah. But if you run over it and then leave it, the person behind finds it, then it's found. We were doing some filming once for an episode of Jonathan Creek on an estate where there were lots of pheasants and, ridiculously, they fed them from the back of a flatbed. Yeah. So the truck would go around and they'd throw food out. So they came towards vehicles. So all the crew turn up in the morning, there was about 50 vehicles arriving between 6:30 and 7. A lot of pheasant action and one of the sparks ran over several, had an arrangement with another one who would pull over and keep them. That's the sparks for you. Yeah, they had quite a gamey weekend. Yeah. When I was coming back from... We were coming back from the centre of town and we saw a goose that'd been hit by a car, it was on the Mall outside Buckingham Palace. And it was still alive, so me and my wife got out and we grabbed the goose, wrapped it in a blanket and picked the goose up and put it in the back of the car. And then just at that point, a guy with a gun just appeared and held the gun to me and he said, "Stop," he said, "what are you doing?" And I sort of froze, obviously, and I just went, "Er, er, er, er, it's a goose." And, um... You know, struggling for words. Did he think it was the Queen's swan? Well, yeah, but he was... Or the Queen. It must've just looked really dodgy. I don't know whether there were cameras and plain-clothes... No need to pull a gun on you. You put it in a blanket. I had it in a blanket and he goes, "What's that? I went, "It's a goose." And he went, and he goes, he went, "Show me. Show me." And he sort of... And they were all plain-clothes with handguns. Yeah. And he pointed it at the... Quite implausibly at the goose. LAUGHTER Sort of pointed his pistol in the back of the car. I pulled the blanket back and the goose's head came up like this and sort of looked over at the gun like this. Yeah. There was a sort of standoff between the goose and the pistol like this. And, at that point, we all sort of froze, it was this weird tableau where we're all just sort of like this. And then he just did that thing with the... He went, "Stand down, just a goose." LAUGHTER And I was like... APPLAUSE "Who are you talking to?" Did you have red dots all over you? Yeah. "No, stand down, it's just a goose." Er... Did you eat the goose? No, no. We took it to hospital around the corner. And they ate it. And er, yeah. We just chucked it over Buckingham Palace. Yeah. "Dear Queen..." No, we, er... My dogs, my dogs caught... One of my dogs, my family's dogs, when I was about 20, caught a rabbit while I was out walking. I didn't like that, you know. But people in the country are used to this sort of thing. But they caught it and I got to them before they could rip it to shreds. I should've let them rip it to shreds because it was... Several of its bones were broken and it was limping about. So I kind of got the leads on them and I've lashed them round a tree. I'm going, "What are you doing?" "We're doing this." "This is what we do. This is what we do. What were you doing?" "We caught one for the first time in our lives. This is it." "I've never felt so alive! The adrenaline's coursing through me. Let me eat it." Yeah. And I didn't let them eat it. And then I thought, "I've got to..." So I hit it on the head. We had one of those extender leads, it's quite a heavy bit of plastic. And I just... Oh, yeah, those things, yeah. I've got to kill it. I didn't know what else to kill it with. So I cracked it on the head and then I thought, "Is it dead?" "I don't know. Is it just knocked out? Is it going to wake up?" I hit it several times. Then, when I thought that must be dead, it wasn't moving and I put some leaves on it and put a little cross on the top. How did you know it was a Christian? Exactly. Exactly, it makes no sense. But I didn't... You return to the faith that you were raised in sometimes, don't you? Of course. Yeah. Oh, there's the only ritual I know for death. Oh! And, er... That was sweet. I think about that rabbit often. It's hard to kill something, though. I've got this mate and when he was about, um, I don't know, a teenager, about 15, there was a crematorium with very rich people, um, waiting to be cremated in it. And all the, um, like, the local drug addicts used to get in through this crack and steal all the rings and jewellery off the corpses. And, um, my mate went in and, um, in the darkness and he was trying to get a ring to sell it on, didn't do drugs, and he grabbed something and it was wet. Um, and he got out through this crack into the daylight and it was the whole of someone's scalp. GROANING LAUGHS It was fucking awful! But why would you think that was a ring? I don't know, it could be like a traditional folk bone ring, you know. How much did he get for it?. He must've pulled it pretty hard? Yeah, he must've done. No, he said it came off really easily. Yeah. I guess... I don't really know very much about bodies but I guess they must just get to a point where it's all soft. A bit fragile. What would you say that was, off the top of your head? Off the top of your head. When I was little, I had this goldfish called Bobo that I won at the fair, it was a bit... Those goldfish from fairs, they've not got a good start in life in little plastic bags. No, they're damaged goods. Yeah, they are. Behavioural problems. It's like going out with someone who's always been dumped and you think, "Oh!" And, um, My mum, she'd only just stopped breastfeeding me, actually, um... You were 27 years old. It was before the penguin. Um, she... I got home and I said... I'd looked at Bobo's tank and it was just on the side, I said, "Where's Bobo?" And she went, "I'm cleaning out his tank." I said, "Well, where is he?" And she went, "I laid him on the rockery to dry." LAUGHTER It was just dead. Dead. I was making a documentary in South Africa about baboons. And there was one, one... We were filming on the beach because the baboons come down and forage on the beach for, you know, for seaweed and stuff. And there was a gannet, its wing had broken and its neck was also broken and it was still alive. The producer said to me, "We're going to have to put it out of its misery "because it's, you know, it's clearly, it's nearly dead and it can't fly, it's neck's broken, you know." He says, "I can't do it. I'm too squeamish to do it." "You'll have to do it." And, er... So I said, "All right." And so he said, "How are we going to do it?" "Get a big rock and just pan its head in with a rock." And what we didn't know is while this was going on, there was some people, some tourists had gathered on the top of the cliff and they were talking to one of the production assistant and they said, they were going, "What's going on here?" And he said, "Oh, we're making a wildlife documentary." LAUGHTER And so these people... There's the presenter. Smashing a gannet's head into the ground. LAUGHTER Yeah, it's one of these new sort of, like, radical ones, yeah. Kevin, on a different area, is it right that you have mistaken Olbas Oil for ginseng 25 times? Yes. Yeah, that did happen. I'd had a very bad cold and I'd lost my voice and I was doing some filming, so I had this Olbas Oil. It's great. You put it in water, anyone's had a bad cold. Inhale it. And all the steam comes up. You breathe it in and it really clears your whole bronchial system. And I was also taking some ginseng because I needed some energy for a job that was loads and loads of hours. And one night I'd, you know, put the drops on my tongue for the ginseng and then went for the Olbas Oil and thought, "Oh, that's the ginseng." And then realised that I'd ingested 21 drops of Olbas Oil. So I looked on the side and it said, "If taken internally, seek medical advice immediately." So, well, OK. So I said to my girlfriend, "That's funny." She said, "Phone the national..." NHS Direct. NHS Direct. Yeah, like that. And they go... I thought, "Oh, this'll be all right, I'll be alright." And he goes, "OK. Oh, have you?" He goes, "All right. I'll call you back." And I go, "Oh, it'll be all right." A couple of minutes he goes, "We've found it's in the top-ten list of most toxic elements that you can take. Can you go to an A and E immediately?" And so we had to wake up our one-year-old baby and... Say goodbye to Daddy. Yes. LAUGHTER Yeah. APPLAUSE They go, "Yeah, I remember him as a very pale frightened looking man." LAUGHTER I went into the A and E, went to the reception and said er, you know, this is what has happened. And the guy on reception said, "You feeling decongested, are you?" I said, "It's not actually funny." Because the bloke on NHS Direct has said, "We've got a list here of possible bad side effects." "Permanent liver damage, er, fits, er..." I was going, "Right, OK." So then this, this guy saw me and he recognised me from the telly and he said, "I've taken your blood pressure. It's very, very high." "You need to get that sorted out because your career won't go very well with a stroke, will it?" And I was thinking, I was thinking, "Well, you know, the reason why my blood pressure is so high is because I think I might've poisoned myself and now I'm going to go into a coma at any second." And anyway, I tell you, this guy was amazing. He was sort of on the front line of A and E on a Friday night about 10 o'clock, weirdly enough it wasn't that busy. And we got talking and he was, he was saying about, you know, that he'd had people in that night with paper cuts, wasting his time, he'd also been threatened, you know, his life had been threatened by drunken idiots. With a bit of A4. With a bit of A4, yeah. "I'll paper you to death." But it was one of those moments where you realise with direct experience, these people on the front line of our NHS service, they're just absolutely fantastic people. I have no sense of smell, I haven't had any sense of smell since... Since the Olbas incident. No, this is the weird thing, it came back. Really? It came back for ten minutes about four hours later, when I was in the taxi going back and I had the sense of smell for the first time for 15 years. Taxi driver pump? That's what it was. LAUGHS Kebabs and farts. Oh, no. That's all I could smell for the 15 minutes. Oh, God! If only I'd been in a greenhouse or something like that. The Hanging Gardens of Babylon or something. Yeah. Some rancid old cab. you know, sort of driving you home, anyway. Like Awakenings. Oh! But everything was all right and I, you know, I thought I was going to die for one moment but er, I got away with it so... You had no permanent injury? No. Have you got no sense of smell? I have no sense of smell. At all? No. I just... I imagine what things smell like. I kind of imagine, you know, like, um... Isy, in my mind, you just smell of lovely fresh lemon sponge. You smell of, you know, scented needles, a bit of bear. You, Bailey, you're just a bale of hay, you smell of a bale of hay. You're Eternity by Calvin Klein. LAUGHTER LAUGHS "Oh, the smell of it!" So I just have to imagine it. Now, listen, before we finish up, we have to think of a title for our show from the conversation. The extraordinarily varied and meandering and weird and very interesting and amusing conversation that we've managed to concoct. Any thoughts? Er... Penguin Of Despair. Flying Goose. Until You're Married Or Dead. What was that phrase? Yeah. Until I'm Married Or Your Dead. Until I'm Married Or Your Dead. Yeah, come on. Yeah! APPLAUSE Boom! LAUGHS Print it. OK, well, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to thank all my guests, Isy Suttie, Craig Campbell, Bill Bailey and Kevin Eldon. Thank you very much for coming along. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE That is all. You have been watching Until I'm Married Or You're Dead. Good night. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 