Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s4e2 - A Clacker Free Zone - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - A Clacker Free Zone - full transcript 
 Chef Ainsley Harriott reveals that he isn't Lenny Henry, Milton Jones tells of the bloodbath he caused, Catherine Tate discusses her temper and performance artist Bryony Kimmings ponders pubic hair. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Relax, everyone. I'm here. But the door I'm about to go through is far bigger than necessary. Anyone seen the kitchen? Head chef Alan Davies? Er, this is my first telly and I'm a little bit scared. Do that in slow motion. {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello, good evening, welcome. I'm Alan Davies and this is As Yet Untitled, the show were we don't really have any things to say particularly prepared, including the intro, and we have no agenda, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 no-one's plugging anything. We're just trying to have a nice, funny conversation and come up with a title for the show. And I have invited four hugely talented guests to help me in that task. So, please, will you welcome my guests? {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello, welcome. Here they are. Nice to see you all, let's see what we have. Bryony Kimmings is here. Bryony Kimmings once had a face full of pubes. Bryony Kimmings is here. Milton Jones, welcome to Milton Jones. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Milton Jones is security conscious and once caused a bloodbath. Milton Jones, welcome. Ainsley Harriott, welcome to Ainsley. Nice to see you. Ainsley Harriott is not Lenny Henry and has exposed his rhinotillexomania. And Catherine Tate. Lovely to see you. Catherine Tate isn't very good in the office and knows all about early-morning anxiety. Don't you know? Which I find hard to believe. Ains, right now, two beverages on the go, that's good. I know! And a salad in one of them. I tell you what, yeah. I don't know what I'm going to cook with that lot in there. A couple of tomatoes and an olive. They are very nice indeed. I like that. A Bloody Mary, I think it's just, it's kind of one of those... You know when you want to eat something but you're not quite ready yet? It's a meal in the glass. Yeah, absolutely. That's what I love about it. Do you like the look? You're looking at that up and down. I don't, to be honest. Have a look at the colour of that. That's minestrone soup. It's not appetising, is it? That is after you've done the washing up, that's what goes down the sink. Yeah. Can anyone confirm? HE LAUGHS When I was younger, I worked in the Wimbledon tennis championships in the washing up section. And you used to have a sink full of water and you're just dipping the cups in. Oh, gross. Brown water, dirty brown. That would have been nice. With salad floating in it. Ugh! And that was what you did, that was the only way you could keep up with the flow, people come in and go, "I need some more!" {\an1}THEY LAUGH Some bloke's drying them with the dirtiest cloth you've ever seen in your life. Then they go back round, they put another bit of cake on and go out. And they ate. I wasn't a ball boy. I was. Were you? I was, yes! You were an actual ball boy? An actual ball boy, yes. Shut the front door. Yeah, I know. Were you? Yes, Al! What court? It was several courts, actually. I didn't get on Centre Court or Number One, as we know it today. But it was Ilie Nastase, Rosie Casals, Tom Okker. I remember a lot of the great players and I was actually ball boy because our school was really close by. And I just loved it, loved it. We used to get the Dunlop Green tennis shoes afterwards. You'd keep your own Green Flash? You don't want to hand them smelly things back afterwards, do you? "Finish those," great. How did they choose you? Erm, I think you put yourself forward. And literally, you did a bit of training and you got your gear and then you... But I mean, like, have I got this completely wrong? Go on. And I don't know. The tennis, it's the tennis. No, I know it's the tennis! You pick the ball up. Have I got it really wrong? Is it not? Oh, no, I think I've got it wrong. What have you got wrong? What were you thinking? I thought it was only... orphans. THEY LAUGH Have I got that wrong? I can have a word with Mum! I thought it was people from... Have I got that wrong? You thought it was deprived people from... I thought it was people from Dr Barnardo's. Is that wrong? Did you? Yeah, I did! It's like Oliver Twist. Do you know what? I think that's what they told me when I said I wanted to be a ball girl. "You can't, you're not an orphan!" Maybe that's why... Is that what they said to you? So, you killed your parents. I've been watching Wimbledon looking at these kids, going, "Oh, God, at least they get to collect some balls." Yeah. Something to look forward to. I'm amazed. That's why I didn't like to ask, I thought, "Oh, God." They've just told me in my ear that it used to be orphans. Ah, see? Until 1966. So, I knew that it had come from somewhere. Did they just tell you that in your ear? No, I'm very clever. I've got all... Ask me anything, ask me anything. Give them five minutes on Google. Oh, so it did used to be orphans? Other search engines are available. So it's right. So I was right! So it used to be orphans, is that what you're telling me? I'm sure I'd heard that. Yes, it used to be orphans. From Barnardo's? Please, God. Used to be Dr Barnardo's. Now it's just Barnardo's. Sorry, yes. MILTON: Struck off. Exactly! So, yeah, it used to be orphans. That's interesting, I didn't know that. Anyway, Ainsley. Can you tell me about Lenny Henry and how you're not him? Call me sir. Yeah! It's incredible how you think about Lenny and myself. This comparison has been there for a very, very long time. And I think what it is is that Lenny did that programme called The Chef. Remember that? Oh, yes. And I think as a result of The Chef, there's that connection and they kind of put us into the same sort of... Well, we're both black, we're both about the same age. You know, but I think it's just that slight sort of comedy element and that was it. But I enjoyed it, when they showed all the little montage of Sir Lenny and all his work over the years. And then suddenly, there was you doing the Calypso Twins at the Comedy Store. That brought back some nice memories for me. I know! I used to love the Calypso Twins. It's unbelievable, that, wasn't it? Was it when Lenny was knighted? Yeah, they announced he was getting a knighthood. They did a montage on ITV News. And they...? They included a bit of Ainsley doing comedy. Oh. They were showing Lenny talking about diversity, so everyone was really engaged in it. That it should be this and it should be that. They put a little clip of me going... # Co-co-co, co-co-co... # THEY LAUGH My God! I can imagine the researcher. I was just thinking, you know... How do they do that? I don't even look like Len. I mean, the age and the difference but Lenny's got the hair, he's got that, he's a bit stockier. And he wasn't in the Calypso Twins. He wasn't in the Calypso Twins, more importantly. And he's Lenny Henry and you're not. Yeah! It was the clue, wasn't it? Yeah, big, big clue. But there was one particular time when I was out in Australia and I thought, "God, I've just got off the plane, I fancy a massage," you know. And I went to this place and... I don't want to know! Yeah! I'll take your word for it. And I never forget walking in, there's a woman. A rather large woman was there, she's very lovely. "Hello, my darling," she said. It was very, you know, just sort of hospitable and everything, invited me in. And then you feel completely vulnerable because you strip off all your clothes and you're just looking down through the little gap like that, you know, and... I always fall asleep immediately. Oh, no, no. And I wake myself up by snoring, then I think, "How long have I been snoring for?" And there's a pile of dribble on the floor. Yeah, drooling! {\an1}HE SNORTS And then you've got to pay and you didn't experience anything. I wake up and go, "Oh, what have you done?" It never goes well. No. Anyway, mine was beginning to go well. And I'm lying there thinking, "This is really nice." And she's like this and she's rubbing and she says, "I do recognise you." I thought, "Fair enough. "I'm here to do the food show in Australia." Not from that angle, though? THEY LAUGH "And I remember you're a very bad tipper." Yeah, all right. And it feels very nice, then she says to me... "You like your girls big, don't you?" Oh! And I think, suddenly put two and two together. She thinks I'm Lenny Henry. So I said, "No, I think you've got it wrong. I'm not married to Dawn." She says, "I heard you were having problems," she says. AUDIENCE LAUGHS Ooh! So I thought, "I can't get out of this, I can't get out of this." I said, "No, no." I said, "I'm the chef." She said, "Yeah, I saw that series." So, I was getting, I was getting deeper and deeper into it. I said, "No, no." I thought, "How am I going to get this?" And I remember going to the local shop, they sell my couscous. So, I say, "I'm the couscous man." She goes, "Oh, yeah! "I eat that," she says. That was fantastic. It broke the ice. I said, "No, I'm Ainsley." And we got this lovely kind of connection going and I had the most beautiful massage. So, in the end, it was good. Thank God for that. Was it in a Travel Lodge? What is that supposed to mean, Milton? Do you get free rooms at Premier Inn? {\an5}I've got a big bump on and they've gone, {\an5}"Oh, good God, she's been interfered with!" Now, what is this about you not being very good in the office? I find that hard to believe. Well, I wasn't meaning it in the TV show. You are not referring to the hit US sitcom, The Office? I was not. I am talking about the actual office place where you would work if you had any office skills, but I didn't. But I had... When I left college, I got a job temping for someone's honeymoon cover as a receptionist at an American firm. And I didn't have any, properly didn't have any office skills. What, no words per minute? Well, I couldn't type, right? "Well, couldn't type!" Because the guy comes out and a thing called... This is about '96. A thing called Word for Windows, have you heard of that? It's a software package. Microsoft, yeah. I'd never heard anything about that, just wasn't on my radar. So, the man comes out, they're answering the phone and he says, "Oh, are you the new girl?" And I said, "Yeah." He said, "Do you do Windows?" {\an1}THEY LAUGH And I thought... Started going like that? Well, I just thought, I thought he meant, "Will you clean the windows?" And they were like floor-to-ceiling windows in this place. And I thought... "Oh, that's a bit much, innit?" You know, doing the phones. And I said, "Well, I know how to do them "but I didn't expect you'd be asking me." And he went, "You didn't think we'd want you to do Windows?" I was like, "I'm sure this is not in my job description!" And I said, "Well, all right then, I'll do the windows." "Right, can you come into my office then?" And I said, "Well, I'll need a ladder." But bless their hearts, they kept me there for two years. As a window cleaner? On a temping contract, as a window...! It took me two years to finish that. That circuit. Erm, yeah. They kept me there for two years on and off and I loved it and I started doing stand-up while I was there and they all came to see me. When were you doing stand-up? I don't think I ever saw you do stand-up. It was, I started in about '98. What were you talking about? Erm, probably my job at the office and what mugs they all were. Straight stand-up or any sort of characters or accents or anything? No, I never did characters as stand-up. Just used to do, you know, stuff about me, really. But once, only once, I started telling a story. And I just thought, "I wonder if I should put a voice in that story." I was telling a story about my nan. Right. And I remember getting on the microphone and going... "It's cold out, innit? Is it cold out? I think it's cold out." SHE COUGHS Like that. And because, you know, I didn't have any prosthetic on or anything like that, I remember getting a really good reaction from it and I had the idea of doing the old lady character from that. Did it start from school, that? You know, a lot of us at school, you get into an embarrassing situation so you feel, "I'll make my friends laugh." Oh, yeah. And you can make them laugh, that's your early audience. That becomes your thing, doesn't it? It wasn't your nan who was really the inspiration for the Gran character, was it? No, it wasn't. The character was sort of an amalgamation of lots of old ladies I knew growing up. And a lot of the sketches that I've done definitely have happened. I remember doing one where, and this is absolutely true, and it was my godmother. When my cousin had had a baby, she said... .."Teresa's had the baby." And I said, "Yeah, I know." "She's had a little girl. "They're calling it Tesco's." THEY LAUGH And I said, "They're calling her Francesca." And she said, "Right. It sounds like Tesco's to me." I mean, Tesco's, I made that into a sketch. I made the old lady go, "She's calling it Tesco's and all that." But that was absolutely true and something I completely remembered. But wasn't there a story about you going to do a drama or something in an old folks' home? Oh, God, yeah. That's where the voice came from. Right, go on. When I was at drama school, they used to tell us to go out and do stuff in the community. So, half of my year got to go round to primary schools and say, erm, do some really cool devised show about going, "Hey, you've got to be careful of drugs." The other half of the year, got to go to secondary schools and do a really cool show about, "Hey, kids, let's use contraception." Four of us chosen to go down the old people's home and give them a trip down memory lane. Oh, no! I mean, dreadful. We couldn't have cared less, we were about 18. Do you remember the orphans at Wimbledon? Do you remember the orphans, love? Here they are! And I remember going, we'd got some routine, like, # Don't sit under the apple tree With anyone else but me # No, no, no! # And we're in their recreation room and one old lady went... .."Is she going to stand in front of that fucking telly all day?" {\an1}THEY LAUGH That is how I got the voice, that's right. Oh, my God. Yeah. Then this is absolutely true as well. The same lady who said my cousin was calling her daughter Tesco's, she came with a lot of her friends and she was an older, she was sort of like my nan's generation, my godmother. And when I was at drama school, you do your third year production and they're public productions. So, they've all come to the thre-atre, as they've called it. "Shut the thre-atre." But are just used to sitting at home and watching the TV and talking. Yeah. That's their culture. Because, you know, they weren't used to going the thre-atre. No. As I, of course, pronounce it! So, they've sat in the front row but every time I came on, they'd say... My godmother's name was Nell and her friends Annie and Julie were with her. She went, "Nell, she's back. She's back, Nell, she's back." Every time I came on! And they say, "She's not got the shoes on now, Nell. "She ain't got no shoes on. "Oh, catch her death, she'll catch her death." And I'm trying to do it, thinking, "Oh, dear God." And in the last scene, I come out and it's sort of like five years later or something and I'm pregnant, right? I've got a big bump on and they've gone, "Oh, good God, she's been interfered with!" You're speaking about contemporary theatre. Bryony Kimmings has done two of the best shows I've seen in the theatre for years. Oh, that's kind. And you did a show called Credible Likeable Superstar Role Model. Exactly. With your niece, wasn't it? She was my niece. And it was about what it's like growing up being a girl in the world and it was fantastic. And I think I got quite affected by it because I'd just had a daughter. Yeah. But anyway, never mind all that. Yeah. What about when you had a face full of pubes? That's the most important thing. Well, this is... More than just one face full. Oh? Which doesn't sort of sound that great. I made a show, 2010 it was. It was called Sex Idiot. And it was the retracing of a sexually transmitted infection that I'd caught and I'd never had a sexual health test before. So, I thought it would be a really good idea to go and interview everyone that I'd ever shagged. And the show is about what happens when you kind of retrace your sexual footsteps in that way and there's a moment in the show where I ask people to give me their pubes from the audience. Don't worry, I won't ask you. THEY LAUGH The show was about sexual health and I really wanted there to be a moment in it where everyone in the audience could kind of understand that sometimes when you're drunk or if you're sort of in a high situation, you might be a bit reckless and have sex with someone without a condom. So, I gave everyone in the audience booze and then I asked them to donate their pubes to me. So that I can continue telling the story by fashioning those pubes into a moustache. Obviously! And I've become the man that gave me the sexually transmitted infection. So... I love it already. Yeah, it's fantastic. The sort of shit she does. She's a genius, I'm telling you. But because I've done it so many times and put so many pubes on my face, I started to sort of chart in my diary what people's pubes meant in different places. For example, in Adelaide, I don't know if you've ever been to the festival in Adelaide. It's really hot and sweaty. Oh, God. And Adelaide, I can tell you, people don't like to shower before they go to the theatre. {\an1}AUDIENCE GROANS Whereas Liverpool, you'll get no pubes because everybody waxes. Oh, really? So, they're like, "We'd love to, but we can't." Plymouth, everybody gives their pubes. I've done it there a few times and everyone gives them. You want to ask a question! Can I ask a question? Please ask questions. So... Now I say it, it sounds stupid but you ask me. Do they know? Like, have they got them in a bag before they come? No, they cut them, they cut them off. What, in front of everyone? So, you give scissors? I give them scissors and cups. So like a few cups like this and some scissors inside. We've got to the end of the show. So, what? Is everyone pulling down their pants and just having a little snip? Or is there a private area? You have to... No, there's no private area. Apart from that private area, obviously. I give them a health and safety talk. I say, "Look. "Don't just wildly snip because something bad could happen." Yeah. Children's scissors from the nursery. Yeah. They are. Plastic ones! They are those plastic ones! Because they're all right. You put your hand down the front of your trousers, you pull your trousers away from your pubic area so you can see them, no-one else has to - snip, cut, put them in the cup. Like when they... Easy! ..put the offertory at church? Exactly like that. Putting your pubes in? Exactly, that was one of my references. Like communion, yeah. And then they come back to me. Sellotape, pubes, moustache. Do you not care? Well, I don't know. I don't think I do care. I didn't. I was quite young when I did it. Probably a bit more reckless. In your 20s? Yes, and then I did it in Adelaide last year. The morning of the last show, I found out I was pregnant. And as I kind of put that pube moustache on, I did for a second sort of go, "Should I be allowed to be a mother?" Do you know what I mean? So, I've stopped it now. I wear the moustache and I sing a song. And I have to... "Ugh! Pfft!" AUDIENCE GASPS Yeah, I know. Again, it sounds weird now. I've never seen this one, I want to see it. Do you keep it? No, do I keep it? No! {\an1}THEY LAUGH {\an1}That's disgusting. Oh, I'm sorry! That the gross-out bit! Not to put it under your nose! But do you know what? What's the matter with you? I'm so sorry. What's the matter with you? I'm so sorry. You eat them? Is there a warning on the poster before you go? No, sometimes I've had to... In Zagreb, I had to not give out alcohol. But no-one ever warned me to not hand out the scissors or anything. Sometimes the scissors don't come back. Really? That's nasty. And I find that strange. It's either like a scissors shortage or a very violent city. Maybe people think, "I've cut my pubes with these, "surely these are disposable?" Or they lose them down there. Yeah! SHE LAUGHS They go for a wee later and cut their finger off. So, yeah, I've had about 20,000 people's pubes on my face. 20,000, you reckon? I reckon. {\an1}THEY GIGGLE {\an5}God! Oh, God, I nearly puked. I actually just nearly puked! Now, Milton Jones. I find it hard to believe that you've caused a bloodbath. Yeah, erm... You've always been quite mild-mannered in my experience. Yeah, well, I didn't mean to. That's the get-out clause. Years ago, I used to do sports for deprived kids. Used to organise courses and things and under my tutelage, they were mainly deprived of sport. {\an1}HE LAUGHS And so, I used to drive the minibus around and we used to get all the people and take them out. A load of teenage girls in the back of the minibus and I was driving, driving along like you do. They were all screaming and talking and, ah! And... Where is this going? Yeah, well, quite... And a flock of pigeons came and sat in the road in front. So, to show off, I said, "Hey, girls, I'm going to run over all these pigeons!" Accelerated down, expected them all to fly away. AUDIENCE GASPS Oh, no! I just ran over the pigeons, didn't I? Oh, God. So they went from, "Oh, don't do that." "He's done it!" But there was no point in me saying I didn't mean to because I told them exactly what I was going to do and I did it. Did you then pull over? No, I accelerated from the scene of the crime. No, definitely a lot of feathers flying about. So, I kept the job for a little longer. They normally do fly off, though. Well, that's what I thought. Because they've read sound of the engine or something like that. Yeah, yeah. They were probably thinking, "We'll show him." Just one of them going, "Just stand, lads. Just stand." He's going to bottle it, he's going to bottle it. We'll face this one down. "This'll make a good anecdote." The pigeon that held his ground. I bet they screamed, those girls, and I bet they went mental about it for ages. Oh, yeah, absolutely. I bet some of them cried. Yeah, they did, they did more than cry, actually. They screamed and wanted, they were even more deprived. I'm distracted by your orange thing because after all the talk about pubes earlier, I'm imagining that's been collected. CATHERINE: From mine! From inside... THEY LAUGH Yeah, this is... There was a pair of scissors in my dressing room. So, Catherine's made you a brooch. Thank you, thank you. A corsage, please. A corsage! A corsage made from Catherine's pubes. I realise it looks a bit like one of those shower loafers now when I look at it. It does. I thought it was like a chic brooch. It just looks like shower paraphernalia. It is chic and it's a lovely colour but I've now got... I can't, I can't even look at it now! It's Catherine's muff! Oh! Crude. I'm writing that down as a title. Oh, my God. Write that down as a title. That is the potential title, Catherine's Muff. And you might think we're aiming low but there we are. We're in polite company. Please use the word clacker. I love that word! Clacker, what a great word. Clacker? Clacker? For vagina? Yeah! "All right? Just doing up my clacker." I thought that was those things in the '70s that banged together. Clackers? Clackers, yes. Is that when it bangs together? Oh, God. Where have we gone? Oh, you can talk. I happen to know that you've got all kinds of bit words. Tell me about that. What, about the fanny words? The fanny words, yes. You'll like this. You will if you like the word clacker. I used to do a lot of going to prisons. You know, and doing drama stuff with people in prisons. It's a thing, isn't it? Yes, it is. It's a thing people do. On your own or with a company? On my own, weirdly. Fair play. A friend of mine worked in a prison, so I used to go in there and sometimes do research. Male prisoners or female prisoners? Male prisons. I went in to a prison and I had a song that I wanted to write. This is probably a really bad thing to take into a prison, have people in a room and be like, "I want to write a song about the vagina." And they were like, "Ugh." They were all going mental for a vagina in there. So, it was a bit provocative. And I said, I said to all of them... So many titles are coming up! They're All Going Mental For A Vagina. So, I just sat, I just said, "I just need you to tell me "as many different names for the humble vagina as you possibly can." I'm rewriting the Bob Dylan song where the video is all of those signs. And I was going to call it The Fanny Song, it was a Bob Dylan cover and I need hundreds of names, which I thought I might not be able to get but then you're in a prison, so you do get millions. So, just sitting writing them all down, everyone's having a laugh but there's a really silent bloke at the back who's a bit terrifying looking, quite big. Tattooed. And then... He didn't say anything for the entire session. We moved into different subjects and stuff and at the end, he sort of makes an advance towards me. And I'm like, "Oh, my God." And he's like, "I've got one for you." I was like, "Right." He was like, "The supple secret." But like, deadpan. Sort of really terrifying. Supple secret? The supple secret. Not the supper secret! It's always all food with me, isn't it? And I was like, yeah! And I was a bit like... The supple secret? The supple secret but really sinister. And I was bit like, "I'm going to press my alarm." And then he went, "Or tuna canoe." THEY LAUGH "Thanks." So, I got loads of them and I think in the song there's about 100. Tuna canoe? I know. There's 164 in the song. I had so many. Clacker's not in there, though. I've never heard that. Oh, 165. I know, I should put clacker in at the end. Oh, I love it. Well, I mean, you know, the word. I've got something to tell you! "I've got one for you." So, can you remember the song? Yeah, I know the song. Oh, come on. I'll do the first verse. Do the first verse. # Your vagina, your Mary your fanny, your fairy # Your hot little foo-foo your minge, pussy, noo-noo # Your patty, your puppy your hoo-ha, your snatch # Your mer-may, your front bum your hairy wet gwatch # Your fuzzer, your gina your hot box, your flower # Your flange, your parking space your growler # Tunnel to the womb the cootchie, the poon # Flange, lady garden your muff, silk drapes # Squirter, furburger and your cunt cake. # {\an1}APPLAUSE And so it goes on. Oh, I'd love Kylie to do that. Oh, yes. Wouldn't it be good? You know, she's suddenly thought, "I've had enough of the touring, "I've had enough of getting all the gear on, I've had enough of it. "I'm going out with a bang doing a fanny song." How many hits on YouTube would that have? About 4 billion in a week. Probably. More than mine. More than mine. Do you know what occurs to me? But I don't know if it's funny. It might be a little bit too serious. Doesn't matter. OK. This show can hold it. I think there's two words that are highly offensive. The most highly offensive things now are cunt. MF, that one. You can't say that. No, what I think you couldn't say on live... The N-word? No, that's out of play now. No, I mean, that's completely, we wouldn't even... You know what I mean? Nigel Farage? Yes! I was thinking exactly the same. AINSLEY: What I was thinking of. High-five there, mate. I don't want to know. Do we want to know what it is? No, I think it's faggot. Faggot? Yeah. I don't think cunt will ever go away. THEY LAUGH But I think... Let's hope not, Catherine. THEY LAUGH Ah, we ended on a laugh with the C-word! Now, Ainsley Harriott. Yeah. Rhino, rhinotillexomania? I know. Do you have? Is this to do with your nose? It's to do with picking your nose, actually. Oh, is that what that is? Well, yeah, because it came about and I just started on TV, I'd just started doing Good Morning Anne And Nick. And it was really all about being embarrassed because people were saying, "What's your most embarrassing moment on television?" And I think it was really the early days when you're doing a live TV show and they throw to you, you haven't got your earpiece in and you look up at the monitor and you can see your finger right up there, you're looking like this. Oh, my God! AINSLEY: Chef, on TV, about to cook for Anne Diamond and Nick Owen. And you're looking like that, "What am I going to do?" And you go to the taps, you turn on the taps and of course, it's a set, so there's no water coming out. And so, you go to a bowl which has got all the soap in it and there's loads of soap in there so you can never wash off the soap. So, all your hands are sliding on it, everything else, you're making up this food and you're trying to all be very clever. And it's really difficult because you have to compose yourself and Anne comes over, "Right, what are we going to be cooking, then?" {\an1}HE LAUGHS Oh, no! Lean over to Anne and say, "Well, Anne, today..." Yes! How many times have we done that, trying to get rid of it? Anyway, that was... Erm, so that was a pretty hairy moment, that. Tell me more about the bogey. Was it...? CATHERINE: Oh, God! Was it one of those long stringy ones you sometimes get? Oh, God! Do you know the worst thing about it? Because it was a thinking one. What's wrong with bogies? You were on about a clacker a minute ago. Did you have it under the nail? Oh, come on! {\an1}HE GIGGLES Sounds pretty disgusting, doesn't it? No, I hadn't used the fork yet, the fork was the one that gets it out. Of course it is, you all know what I'm doing. You've got that there and the face distorts a bit. I think that is the finder and that is the puller, that gets it. You all know what I'm talking about, don't you? So, you didn't mention it? You didn't fess up and say, "Sorry, ladies and gentlemen." You can't. Honestly, it was one of those moments when they throw to you and they give it a casual moment. You talk, you introduce what you're actually going to be cooking. And then they come over and join you. It's all very, very nice. It's all that really nice morning TV. 25 years ago, maybe even more than that. What were you cooking? Pesto? To camouflage it, just... "What have we got in there?" A little bit. These are fresh ingredients, ladies and gentlemen. Pick your own. We'll have a little bit of that. Especially when you got one of those with a hair on the end of it. You know the hair that's come out of the nostril? Now, that's... Oh, come on, Catherine. Would you ever get a pork scratching with a nipple? Yeah. THEY LAUGH God. Oh, God, I nearly puked. I actually just nearly puked! I know I put pubes on my face but a nipple, yes. On the pork scratching, a nipple! Ugh! It's the worst. So, the skin, the pork scratching. I don't eat meat, I wouldn't have a pork scratching. {\an1}That's made of the skin of the pig. So, we're talking about the underside. So when you push back the crackle, you think, "Oh, a nipple." THEY LAUGH That's not what I was hoping for. Oh, my God. Were you hoping for the clacker? Yeah. Pass the tuna! Tunas are massive! Agreed. What are you trying to say? {\an5}This voice jumped off the shoulder telling me how right I was. {\an5}And another voice jumps on and went, {\an5}"You're fucking mental." So, Milton, you're security conscious. Is that right? Well, sort of, I thought I was once. I, years ago, had a friend. That's not the story. That's just a boast. Yes! I just want you to know that, all right? Erm, it was next door to a rowing couple. And they'd often be shouting, you'd hear it through the walls, shouting at each other, goodness knows what was going on. Anyway, eventually he seemed to leave one day and the girl comes round to my friend's. "Oh, please help, he's gone, he's gone, finally he's gone, he's gone! "Help me! I need to stop him getting back in." So, muggins who's the only bloke around says, "OK, little lady. "Leave this to me." So, I go round and spend the afternoon nailing windows shut, putting in new locks and chains to try and stop him getting back in to do whatever he was going to do. And finally at the end, she says, "Thank you so much, "that's really helpful and I'll never forget this." I said, "That's OK." I just go to check the cupboard and he leaps out at me. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. Just in that moment and he comes at me. Fortunately, it turns out he's really little. So, even I could probably have handled it. But there's a lot of shouting. And I'm going, "You behave yourself, we're listening to you." He's going, "Get out of my house, get out! It's my house! "I rent it, blah blah blah." I say, "Right, I'm going, I'm going." Of course, I couldn't get out. No-one could get out. No-one could get out. Just, I can't! "See, see what we did?" Eventually I got out but it wasn't my highest moment. He'd been in there the whole time? Yeah. Listening to us slag him off. Oh, Jesus. So, he was trapping you, really? Or was he just? Well, I don't know what he was doing in the cupboard but he was there. Just spying on you in the cupboard? Yes. He faked his own exit? Yes. "Right, that's it." Opened the front door, banged it shut, tiptoed back into a cupboard. And then waited to see what she was going to do. Oh, dear me. Did you get paid? No! The most important part of the story. Yes, sent an invoice but nothing happened. Yeah. No, that's my DIY and security all in one. Did they move out quite quickly afterwards? Yeah. I bet they were, "That guy's really weird next door, isn't he?" Was it a standing-up cupboard? Yeah, it was a proper... Yeah, it was a larder. Oh, not just in a tiny cupboard with a drawer on the top. No, no. Got the drawer! THEY LAUGH He's got snacks in there. Yeah, probably. That is the weirdest thing I've ever... So, you got out and then? Well, I was sort of saying, "We're keeping an eye on you, you behave yourself." But they split up soon after. Good. I don't like the sound of him. No. He was trouble. What's this about your early morning anxiety? Is this an actual thing? It is. No, it's anxiety I experienced from a thing I did at... In the early hours of the morning with the clarity that you get at three o'clock in the morning. Well, it was actually three o'clock in the morning, having waited for my boyfriend at the time to get home at 11, when he said he would. Hmm. Yeah. Ooh! Rolled in at 2. No supple secret for that fella. No, I should say! It was a clacker-free zone that night! And, you know, it was an occurring thing, he kept coming home late, kept coming home drunk. And, you know, there he was asleep. He'd rolled up about two o'clock in the morning and I was so livid, I just couldn't sleep. And then it occurred to me the absolute certain and right thing I should do, to teach him a lesson... ..was cut his hair off, right? In the night, right? And I genuinely... I'm not a particularly... I don't think I'm a vengeful person but at that moment, I thought, it wasn't like, "I'm going to fucking cut your hair off." It was like, "Cut his hair off." Yeah! Cut his hair off. That'll show him. That'll learn him! Right? And as I was... And I did do it, right? With a pair of old kitchen scissors. And as I was doing it, genuinely it was like there were two voices on my shoulder and the first one was going, "Yeah, go on, that's absolutely the right thing to do. Go on! "Two o'clock in the morning? Who does he think he is? "You've been waiting three hours and this is the third time. "Cut his hair." "I'm cutting his hair off, that's it." Now as it turns out, if you cut off someone's hair, that's criminal damage. Because it's their property. And it's quite a hefty fine. THEY LAUGH But I didn't know that at the time. Actually, I didn't get done for it. But cutting off his hair, when you cut off someone's hair, it's OK and then what you realise is he's laying on one side. Oh, going to look a bit lopsided, ain't it? And of course, you can't go, "Turn over, turn over. "I don't want it to be asymmetric." Get a sausage or something, something that smells nice, hold it and then they'll gradually roll over, like a dog would. I did, yeah. But I didn't and I was cutting the hair off and then the moment I stopped cutting it, this voice jumped off the shoulder telling me how right I was and another voice jumped on and went... .."You're fucking mental." THEY LAUGH "You're absolutely crackers! "What are you going to do now?" And I was then... Oh. ..having gone from a proper like, "No, absolutely I'm in my right to do this." I went into the most... I can't explain it, it was like the longest night of my life. Because there's nothing you can do, there's nothing you can do. There's hair everywhere. You can't put it back. You can't retract that. Could you manage to get the hair away? I was doing it... Yeah, that was all right. So you could... He might wake up and you could look at him? Shh! Listen, listen. Go on. Listen. Listen! Go on, sorry. Yeah, but... Just had an idea. Before, no, no. I was ahead of you. The first thought I had was... ..just pack up your stuff and go, just pack up your stuff and go. Never see him again. Never come back. Never come back, that was it. Didn't quite, you know, I'm not going to do that. I waited, I couldn't go back to sleep and I waited and I watched the sun come up that morning and I just thought, "Oh, my God, I've really... "It's a terrible thing what I've done, "it's actually quite a terrible thing." And when he woke up, I was thinking... Fucking nutcase! No, I know. I know! I know, it does sound like it. I'd just like to say, she puts people's pubic hair on her face, all right? So, let's set a bar. I have their permission! No, I know! I can't say it's a good thing. It wasn't even cathartic until... You know, so I have to wait for him to wake up and I was thinking, "All right, you've just got to say straight away... "..before he looks in the mirror, all right, I've got to tell him." He woke up and I was so petrified, words couldn't come out. I mean, I was stuck to my spot. And I watched him, in like slow motion go to the bathroom, look up, and I... And he looked up again and he was like grabbing at his hair. And I thought he was going to have a heart attack. And I was about to say... .."OK, erm, I did that last night." And he went, "What the fuck? "What's happened to my hair? Fuck." And he was still quite bleary-eyed. "What the fuck's happened to my hair? "The fuck has happened to my hair?" And I was about to say it was me, and I said, "I don't know, you came home like it last night!" {\an1}THEY LAUGH Right? And... Exactly what I was going to suggest. And he said... .."I what?" And I went, I thought, "You've got to hold your nerve now, love." I went, "You came home like that last night." And he went, "I'm a mad bastard, aren't I?" THEY LAUGH No fine for me, officer! I imagine you had a bag of hair behind your back? "Looking for this?" Yeah! And I've never done that again. SHE LAUGHS Well, he's here tonight. Yes! Do you know, he doesn't know? Oh, really? He knows now. No, he doesn't know. Brilliant, brilliant. But that will give you some early-morning anxiety. We should stop, we should stop. They've told me we should stop. What, talking? Some of the people from the audience probably been thinking it for a while. Dave. We have to think of the title. I'm just writing down A Clacker-Free Zone because... Yeah, yeah. There's a few others. I Thought They Were All Orphans, I quite like. That's quite good. Yeah. But it turns out they were, pre-1967! I've written down Catherine's Muff. Note to self. Yeah. In the column that says highlight of the evening. That's this, isn't it? Catherine's Muff, yeah. We'll put that on the website. We're In Polite Company So Please Use The Word Clacker. That was a personal favourite. Anyway, listen. Thank you very much, all of you. Please will you thank my guest Bryony Kimmings. Milton Jones. Ainsley Harriott. Catherine Tate. My name's Alan Davies and you have been watching A Clacker-Free Zone. Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 