Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s1e5 - Jarvis Cocker's Brit Pop Herd - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Jarvis Cocker's Brit Pop Herd - full transcript 
 Fab free-form comedy chat show with master of ceremonies, Alan Davies. Ross Noble, Liza Tarbuck, Colin Lane and Josie Long join Alan for some side-splitting unrehearsed banter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hello. It's my great pleasure to be here. I'm so much looking forward to working with one of my favourite comedians. Alan Davies. I'm going to be quite funny. HE MUMBLES So, yeah. That's, er, that's official. I feel interest welling up in me for my guests. Hello, I'm Alan Davies and welcome to As Yet Untitled. Tonight we will be chatting. Er, there is no prep, no rules, no agenda. All I have is a fact about each of my guests and by the end of the show 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 hopefully we will have come up with a title for the programme. It's a simple ambition. Please will you welcome my guests? Here you are. CHEERING Hello. How are you? Hello. All right? How you doing? This is Colin Lane. Colin Lane has won festiv-i. That's good. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Lovely to see Josie Long who was a child genius for eight weeks, I understand. I was. This is the legendary stand-up comedian Ross Noble who was nearly killed in a World War One battlefield. That's correct, yes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And much-beloved Liza Tarbuck who once used Ian St John as a taxi driver. Clapping myself! Welcome, all of you. It's very nice to see you. Josie, what are you having? I think it's red berries tea. Did they bring it to you as a surprise or did you select it? This is my first choice thing. Please don't judge me. It's pure goat's blood. That's what that is. Just have a lovely little swig there to the Dark Lord Lucifer. Does it really just taste like warm red cordial? Try it. Give it a go. Good? Really? Yeah. Yeah. Then I'll have that. I used to know someone who lived in a squat... You had the smallest amount! Warm, weak cordial, basically. Yeah, that's disgusting! They used to go out in Clissold Park and they would pick up twigs and leaves and make their own tea. They all lived in a squat, they were against cars and do you know what? It was rank. Did it not have a slight odour of dog poo about it? Yeah, wee. Dog wee. Out in the countryside you'd get like, you know, untouched foliage but in a park it's, "Mm, just wee, bit of heroin." It was mainly just twigs, bit of twigs. Yeah, with the odd syringe floating in it. Actually, everywhere in Clissold Park now is covered with dog urine so that when you see a lovely couple with the kids or somebody just trying to have a little picnic you want to say to them, "That's a red-hot patch for urination, that one." Where do you let your dog wee? Anywhere he wants. Except he won't go inside. In that park! She's down there squirting it around like that. Is he allowed to wee on other people's property as well, like my dog? You hate your dog though, don't you? "Well, I don't really like him that much." Are you whispering in case the dog's watching? I don't like him but he's very intelligent. Do you have to pretend to like him? Yeah. So you're like, "Yay!" Does he fall for it? No, he doesn't fall for it. I mean, he's a boxer, right? So for aesthetic reasons they've chopped off its tail, OK? So it's a two-inch tail. There's a two-inch tail and then an inch of skin and then... May I say this word? Like, bum. But I don't mean bum with a crack and cheeks. Like, you know, arsehole basically. Always on show? Yeah, that's right. Like Cyclops. It's not aesthetic so the dog knows that I don't like it that much. It's often walking away from me so all I see is just this arsehole flashing at me like a little red light. You could get one of those pirates' eye patch. So...? How would you fix it? I'd just stick it over its back with a patch over its hole. Oh, on his... Not on my eye? Right! I was wondering how that would help. I could still see out of this eye so how would an eye patch help? You would have no sense of distance so you wouldn't know how close... If the dog is sort of like backing towards you, you'd be going, "Is that about to touch my face? Is it not?" Is it going away from me or coming towards me? Please get a patch for his anus. Just get it and do a photo, like on Twitter or something. I don't want to go... A selfie. The problem though is the eye patch is a sort of triangular item, isn't it? Yes. With the strings going across. If you were to put that on your dog's arse, it would look like you'd dressed it up in a thong. Yeah. A sexy thong. And if you were sat there and the dog's slowly backing towards you, you're just like that, "Oh-h-h!" Anyone looking through the window might think there's something untoward. Where have you got this thing about dogs slowly backing towards people from? He was the one that said... Colin said that the dog... He's not walking... He walks away from him. He knows I don't like him. Oh, I thought he was spiteful. No, no, no. Ross, Ross, he's a dog. He's a dog. He doesn't have spite. Have you got the same dogs? I visited you when you lived in Australia. Same dog. You had a couple of big hairy ones? Yeah, all of the animals in our life look like me. It's weird. Did you bring all the animals with you? Didn't you have two cows there? I had four cows. Are they still in Australia? Yeah, they're still in Australia. You didn't bring them over? No. You know, I loved the cows but they were... That's a lot of money. The funniest thing about the cow though was we had Jasper, Jarvis, Jack and Meg, right? Jack and Meg after The White Stripes obviously. Jasper because Jasper Carrott, carrot colour, and then Jarvis cos we're big fans of Jarvis Cocker, obviously. The really skinny one? Well... With a Yorkshire accent? Well! Instead of mooing he'd just go, SHEFFIELD ACCENT: "Right... "Innit marvellous, right?" I met Jarvis Cocker, right? And you know that point where you think, "Ooh, should I? Should I say I have a cow named after you?" I thought, "I've got to tell him." I said, "I've got a cow named after you." That was the moment where the look in his eyes was like, "Oh, you're mental." There was this moment where of instead of going, "I don't want to talk to you anymore cos you're obviously a freak," he sort of was a little bit confused and he stopped. I'd never thought about this. He went, "How many cows do you have?" And I realised if you've got a whole herd of cows, you name a cow after somebody, that's not a big deal, is it? But if you've only got four cows, then that's like a massive thing. That's where he went in his head. Like, "Hang on. Is this an amazing thing you've done? "Is this a tribute or just you've got loads of cows." That would have satisfied you wouldn't it? Had he asked that question. He went, "How many cows have you got?" I said, "I've got four." And he went, "Oh, right. Right, that's brilliant. "You know, I thought you might have, like, a hole Britpop herd." That's the greatest sentence I've ever heard anyone say. Jarvis Cocker going, "Right, you've got a Britpop herd. Liam's over there and that's..." Cows' names, why do they not have to be gender organised like humans' names? Why did you not have to have four girl cow names? We had three boys and one girl. Boy cows are bulls though, aren't they? They're not cows. That's a good point. Oh, God! Oh, God, I wondered why I was only getting half a cup of milk. Urgh! So is it Napoleon's Josephine? Yeah, my name's Josephine Isabel and my sister's name is Catherine Eleanor, which I think is a really nice name. Lovely. I also like it if you've got a name that when you're a little kid you can be one name and when you're a grown-up it can be something else. I really am looking forward to being an old lady, being like, "It's Josephine!" to everyone all the time. You're going to be grumpy when you get old? "It's Josephine!" I would happily be, as an 85-year-old lady, so fat that I can just rest my boobs on top of my big belly and I'm carrying out plates from the kitchen on my stomach With no hands? Yeah. Yeah. Don't you ever fantasise about what sort of old person you'd like to be? I was going to base myself on Diana Dors and go much, much blonder, much, much fatter and only wear like bejewelled kaftans so that when you turn up it's, "Hello, darling!" It would be quite an easy persona to do really. Be a great life. Diana Dors, are you familiar with her in down under? STRONG AUSSIE ACCENT: Down under?! I'm so sorry. It just slips out. STRONG AUSSIE ACCENT: What was it, you drongo? Can't help ourselves. It's ridiculous, innit? That's hilarious. That's hilarious. This is a stupid show. "Colin, do you know who Diana Dors is?" STRONG COCKNEY ACCENT: Yeah, we do, Alan, we do, yeah. We know who she is, yeah. We know her. SCREECHES: Yeah, Diana Dors? We know her. Casual racism. I didn't take offence. I felt patronised, sure, but I didn't take offence. So your role in life as an Australian... Josie, tell me about... SHOUTING Colin! Even that applause was patronising! Smokey bacon? Ah, that still counts, McCartney. He's always been a dirty bastard, him. Josie, tell me about being a child genius. Oh, well, I was about eight or nine years old. I think I was eight years old possibly nine. I've just said that! I was either eight or I was nine. Let's go for eight, I was eight. You were under 10. I was under 10. Can you let us know? When you remember, can you let us know? So you weren't a genius at maths! OK, this is what it is. Growing up, my dad was really quite religious and he wanted us to go to a Church of England school, right? And the only Church of England school in the whole borough was like the roughest school in the borough, the primary school. And I got a bit bored cos I wanted to do more work, cos I was cool(!) I realised that if I got in trouble they wouldn't hit me and when I realised that I was like, "Ha! I can do anything. They're not going to hit me." So I just started to be as naughty as I could and they brought my mum into school and said, "Look, either she's very bright "or there's something really wrong with her" And so my mum was like, "Ooh!" So they sent off an IQ test, right? I don't remember this, but I think my mum helped a lot, right? Because they sent a letter back saying, "Your child is definitely a genius. "We would like to do all manner of tests on your child like X-Men. We would like to test your child. "Your child is a genius and it's very important for us for our research on genius kids "to get your genius child at a genius centre." So I was like, "I'm a child genius!" I went there and I did all these tests, like a whole day of tests, and then about two weeks later they got a letter saying, "Your child is not a genius. We apologise. Your child is normal." And did tell your friends? I tell you what I got to do. Because of that I got to go on this gifted children's summer camp and I shouldn't have been there and everyone else there had a special skill, very much like X-Men. Really like X-Men now! So one is a maths genius now and one is doing a PhD about earthquakes now. You still know them? I know them all. Really? Do they know you? Yeah, oh, yeah. They're really not happy about that! Down the pub quiz, "Oh, God!" But we're all pals and we're all a bit odd. But my special skill was like collage. I wasn't supposed to be there! But how do you know? You were very young. You might have been a collage genius. It might be they just put glue on the wall, you didn't register it cos it was easy for you, but pow! And it was pow Mona Lisa! Like that. Bang. Collage. And all the teachers said, "I have never seen collage of this strength before. "And I never will again." I've been told that you used to be driven around by Ian St John. I did. As a kind of taxi driver in your youth growing up in Liverpool. Now for those younger viewers, Ian St John was the kind of Luis Suarez of his day, without the biting and the... Equal amounts of swearing, though, cos we've got a saying in our house, if somebody yawns or does anything, it's "Jesus Christ, Betsy", which we learnt off Ian. Now I have to say, I didn't grow up in Liverpool. Did you not? I was born there Oh, right. Dad got successful the year I was born cos it was just a great big year of fun. We moved down here so actually Ian would come and stay with us, hence him being the taxi driver. So if there was something that dad could palm off on him, he would. "Ian, you're going that way, aren't you? Drop her off". That sort of thing. Oh, OK. So I remember he took me to my first audition for drama school, a job you'd think your father would really enjoy taking you to but no, palmed it off on Ian St John. Got the Saint. And of course the Saint's under pressure in the car to sort of give me a bit of a pep talk that isn't "Go on in there and murder them." And then and then after the audition did you get in the car and he did like analysis of, "She did well, you know? It was an audition of two halves!" Did you do sport? Yes. Were you pushed at sport? What did you play? I used to play lacrosse. Did you? Oh, really? Wow. And I was pretty good at it. That's popular in Australia, isn't it? My son plays lacrosse. Yeah, that's a very brutal game. You played lacrosse? Yeah. I remember one time, Dad and Ian were in a car and it was a very early Saturday morning match at school and we were collecting my mate Laura, who was the sub and so she got a good half-hour lecture en route to Weybridge. "Now, just cos you're on the subs' bench, love, "don't think you're not important to the team, because you are". So she's got that, by the time she gets out she's never felt this bloody good. "I'm going to be on the subs bench but Christ, we're going to win!" And then they told you things to do that are actually what pro footballers are doing, and you're 12, in Surrey! What, like dirty, sly tricks? Yeah! LAUGHTER So, well cos, if you watch football with them it's very interesting because he'd be like, "Oh, he's always been a dirty bastard, him." So it's all that sort of thing. So this particular time, Dad said, "So what do you play?" "These are, I'm second home so I'm you know going in for a goal." "Right, it's a cold day, "the goalie doesn't want to be there, she's in a restricted thing." "She's got all the equipment on, "But the fact of the matter is, love, you've got to go to her "and you've got to, not aim to score, go for her. "First shot to her body, back off. "Next time you come at her she'll get out the way, you'll score". LAUGHTER And I was like that. Textbook! We slaughtered them that day! God, it was great. Did you did you hit her, the first time...? Yeah, you bet I did! And, you know yourself - going in goal, you don't want to be there. You don't want to be there, no. Yeah, safe to say. For not very much effort, I did very well that day. Was it quite different for your dad, coming down from Liverpool? Did his accent change? Did he change? If anything, dad's got a Yorkshire accent so I don't... Has he?! Yeah. How come? I don't know, but he talks a bit like that. "All right, love? Yeah." That's a very good impression. "Lizzie, make us a sandwich." And did you meet the Beatles? I have met a couple of the Beatles but no, I don't think they were particular mates. But sort of imagine that everybody, cos Liverpool in the '60s, quite a thing. Stop, stop, stop, who did you meet? Who did you meet? I've met Paul McCartney. That's a good one to meet! Yeah, well, they're all good to meet. I saw Paul McCartney eating crisps once! Yeah! I saw him eating crisps. I was... Where was he? Well, this is weird. I saw him eating veal Parmesan once. That was incredible! He's like this - ha-ha-ha! Ho-ho-ho! It was the most bizarre thing. I was I was the warm-up man on a music show and McCartney was on and he was playing with Travis. You know the band, Travis? Yeah. So anyway, I sneaked in. Well, what happened was I used to work at the studios where it was filmed in Newcastle. I used to I used to work there when I was a kid, like. It's a long story, but the point is, I used to know a lot of the camera guys and the crew and stuff. And I moved to London and then I went back up there to do the warm-up on the show. And I'm walking along the corridor and I see this guy eating a packet of crisps and I see him, and cos I kind of remembered all the faces I just went, "All right, mate?" And he went, "A'right?" And I went, "Oh, my God!" And it was McCartney! And it was one of those things where he's so famous that I went, "Oh, yeah, it was just a bloke who that used to work on the cameras and it was McCartney on his own, eating packet of crisps. And I just... Fact! I did have a cheeky look to see whether it was smoky bacon. That still counts, McCartney! Yeah! And he went in and him and Travis were... That still counts! Still counts! Strike one against McCartney! And then, yeah, they were sound checking and it was just them in a room. If you're doing this, McCartney is left-handed. You've got to do... It's a mirror image, innit? Yeah. So it didn't happen! It's all a lie! It didn't happen! That was Fran from Travis there. Ah! That's the same show where, you must have heard that story about David Johns and Prince? I have not. Have you not? There's a comedian, a legendary comedian A legendary comedian, damn right. And Prince was on the show. And everyone was told don't, you know, don't look him in the eyes. Don't step on him. Watch where you're walking! No-one else is allowed to wear purple, and it was a big thing. And he was on the stage and there was, like, several different stages. And Dave was on the stage going, "All right, we're going to bring on... Doing the warm-up, Dave? Doing the warm-up and he went right, "OK, so you know he's just bring him on blah, blah, blah." And then he went, "Ladies and gentlemen", and he had to be called "the artist", "Please will you welcome The Artist", and the whole place is like, they're going don't mess, don't look at him, if he walks out then the whole thing. And then so he goes, "Welcome to The Artist." And he walks, and as he walks, like as he walks past The Artist, he just tapped him on the shoulder and went, "Keep it tight, son!" When I stop for prostitutes, I can have 20 or 30 in the back. He did a shit on my eye. I've got a low car and now every time I... You sound like it's medical! "Oh, I've got a very low car, I've got to be careful, very low car." But as you swing out, I do that, "Ooaah!", but really I enjoy it. "Ooaah!" What, what car have you got? Er, low Saab. I've got a very high car. What have you got? I've got, well... A Hummer? It's actually a Hilux, a Toyota Hilux, which is high.... Really high! ..and deluxe! And what I didn't take into account, it's amazing, it's a family car, its brilliant because it's like a pick-up truck. So you know all that, you see all that mums and that folding the buggies... Hang on a minute. It has got an actual pick-up bit at the back? Yeah, pick-up trick. Pick up trick? Pick up tricks? You pick up tricks? I do! When I stop for prostitutes I can have 20 or 30 in the back. Yeah. For me, I thought about like magic tricks. That's just me. You were thinking about prostitution. Oh, no, I do magic as well! It's an interesting choice. I saw a prostitute in half and then, yeah... They charge you twice! It's a nightmare. I don't pick up prostitutes. It's a lot more fun. It is, yeah. "Oh, which bit goes where?!" But very high, and yeah, like I say, folding up the... Cos we've got this buggy, right? And it's one of those things where you'd think they'd make, you'd think they'd make one that you can just "click, click, clunk." And this thing, you've got to fold it round... This is a baby buggy? Yeah, its sort of like a Rubik's Cube meets some kind of three-dimensional chess. And it costs about $3,000 as well. It's more than the car, to be fair. Yeah, that's right. I put the child... Has it got a little cappuccino holder? Machine. It's got a cappuccino machine! And so you fold it and you see all the mums and that at the supermarket, and they're folding up the thing. Not me. I literally, the child comes out, sometimes I don't even take the child out, and bosh! Straight in the back, and drive off. Its probably safer if the child's in the buggy in the back of the car. But it's terrible, cos you shouldn't laugh at your children's misfortune but the funniest thing, the older child, not the baby, obviously, they break. But the older child still to this day, it's quite high, and then the booster seat on top of that, when she gets out and the amount of times she just falls out of the car. Just, sometimes I'll park on an incline so there's further... She just "Whoa!" Straight down! And she just does that look of "Oh, I've just fallen quite a distance!" It just really makes me happy. It's all you've got to go on, really, cos you're not allowed to hurt them yourself, are you? Those days are gone. That's the thing. You're not allowed to hit them but you can position things that you know... You know what I mean? I do know exactly what you mean. I'm a big fan of, sometimes, you know, one of the children will be playing there and I'll go, "Oh, that's going to end badly." I don't go, "Don't do that", I just go, "That's going to end badly. 3, 4, bang!" "Oh?! Wah!" "What did I say?" And then tell me can you tell me about your festive eye? What does that mean, your Christmas eye? My Christmas eye, well, I had I had a bad run. I had the shingles. That sounds festive. Yeah, I had... Do you get in your legs? I had herpes zoster which means herpes but on my stomach around there. That was really bad. HE STIFLES RETCHING And then I was watching 127 Hours. You know, when James Franco cuts his arm off? I fainted three times. Three times?! So you came back to it? And then you went and then you've done it twice and you went, "One more go..." And I fainted three times, and immediately you pipe up and get involved and piss yourself! Great! Right, after the second time you fainted were you watching going, "He's probably got another 50 hours. I don't know if I can?" No. Was it the same bit that made you faint? No. I was watching it. I was at home. I fainted, so I rewound. "What have I missed?" "Why did I faint there? Uh!" You've got short-term memory loss, so "What?!" It can't have been that bad! Laugh it up! Did you hurt yourself when you fainted? I did. I got up... All three times? I was kind of like there going I don't know what the f..k is going on and then I remembered just falling and hitting my chin on our groovy stone bench in our kitchen, that, you know, was about 90% of the renovation costs. And split my chin, you can see the scar there, and then I went into the bathroom and looked in the mirror and went, "Ah fuck, ah, Jesus". And then woke up on the bathroom floor. What, at the sight of the blood? At the sight of yourself! Well, I looked at and just went, "Ah, Jesus, oh, man, you can never drink. "Oh, man, you can..." And then woke up on the bathroom floor. And then got up, went out to the kitchen and just went, "Oh man, what should I do?" And then woke up on the kitchen floor! I was really hoping you were like, oh, you went back down to the kitchen and, "Sod it, one more go!" No, no, no. No, I didn't watch any more of 127 Hours. And then I went and sat down and rang my wife, Marnie. Did she laugh when you told her? She didn't laugh, but I remember about three days after, I was doing this morning show in Melbourne called "The Circle". And I told them the story about fainting and they pissed themselves, too! And I thought, "You bastards!" Like your good selves. But The Circle - was it sort of the Australian equivalent of Loose Women? Is that a show over here, or...? You've got a show called Loose Women? Have you really? It's me, driving around... Picking up tricks, sawing them in half! One of my favourite-ever moments ever in my entire career was on that show, on The Circle, yeah. Because, it's a big thing. We don't have it so much over here, but the infomercial? You know the sort of... live infomercials. During the show. There was a lot of that on that show, wasn't there? Yeah. I did that, and there was a juicer and they cut to people with a juicer, and I was like... Yeah. Well, I said, I went, "Can I do one of those infomercials?" Yeah! And they went, "Yeah!" "Yes, right!" So I set the thing the thing up with Denise, all set up, and it was a thing called the Magic Bullet. Yeah. which is a I know it sounds like a naughty toy... You've got another product out its called Loose Women. It's great. It's not a magic bullet! And so it was a live show and they went "Right, like, live." And I said, "So here we are, this is the Magic Bullet. And I decided that it would be all right to just make some stuff up about the Magic Bullet. Noooo! I said, "This Magic Bullet spins at exactly the same "number of revolutions as Sputnik, right?" And Denise, who was hosting, sort of went... "Can you back this up?" And I went, "Yeah, and the best thing about it is, "once you've liquidised the food, it actually has an undo button." So if... LAUGHTER And all I can hear around the studio is, "So what's he saying?" And so she pulls out the knives and goes, "If you order the Magic Bullet now, you'll get these miracle blades." And I went, "Now these are called Miracle Blades "because these are the very knives that our Lord Jesus "cut the loaves and fishes with, and you get those for free, so ring." And I can, and they're just going, "Just get him off!" And they cut to the, and then later on in the show, I said, "How did it, how did it go?" And they went, "They didn't sell any!" But you'd think... So Christmas eye. What is the thing with your eye? I fainted three times, I got pneumonia, went to the hospital, and then the next Christmas, I went camping. A bug crawled into my eye and then in the middle of the night it did a shit on my eye. Great, yeah! In your eye? In my eye. So I woke up at Are you working for the Australian tourist board? I was just... Yeah, things that can kill you. "Come to Australia!" Opened my eye and just went, "Ah, Jeez". It was so irritated. Went to the toilet, tried to flush it out. Not in the toilet but in the toilet block, whatever. But basically it's called Christmas eye because it happens a lot at Christmas. You can Google it. It happens a lot at Christmas in Australia when people are camping. I went to the hospital and had to wear an eye patch for, like, four days. Did you tell the dog? LAUGHTER And I came back to the camping spot and all my friends start just going, "Aye, Captain Col, pass me the ear guard!" And I didn't laugh. Does that make me an arsehole? But it's just... If you're doing a lot of the stuff. I was in a lot of discomfort and I had to wear... They were making it fun of it. Yeah, basically. And I think I told that story on The Circle as well and they pissed themselves! But when you opened your eye like that did you go, "Oh, there's a poo?" Whereas normally, if I'm perfectly, you know, if there's a poo, I try and reach it. Yeah! "Oh, there's a poo! Where is it? Where is it?" Are you telling me if there if you just woke up on a normal day and there was a poo floating, like, I wouldn't just stand there, I'd go "Oh, my God, I've got to capture this magic poo - "it's floating! Cos it's going to, I can travel the world! And speaking of poo, speaking of poo, who owns a dog here at this table? Who owns a dog in the audience? Now, I don't like my dog, as we've mentioned. I don't like going to the park and talking to other people about their dogs. You've got a labradoodle? I don't give a fuck-a-doodle. You know what I mean? I don't care! And then, it's got a bit cold in Melbourne where I'm from and suddenly I'm talking to people and they're going, "Oh, I don't mind picking up the poo in winter cos in the plastic bag in winter, it warms my hands!" What?! What?! No! No, thank you. What's wrong with those people? Oh, I was seeing dragons. It was amazing. Because then one day a month you're like, Carnivale! Can you tell me about your...? It sounds like Colin might need this. Do you want to hear about my patented... Lifestyle System. Oh, I'd be so happy to tell you all about it! I, so, basically, I decided that I wanted to be healthier. And I was I was going through a little period every year where I wasn't doing stand-up much, and I don't know if you find this but I find when I'm not performing I still get, like, adrenaline as if I'm about to perform, like my body's so used to it. And so I'd have this had this period of a few months where I wasn't gigging at night but every night I would be really geed up and it would be really intense and weird and I couldn't sleep. And I went to the doctor about it, and the doctor was like, "You need to stop drinking, cut out sugar and cut out caffeine". And I heard the first two and I was like, "OK, no drinking, no sugar", and when she said "cut out caffeine" I was like, "Fuck you!" And so I took that on board and I started a system called System Carnivale, which is basically... System Carnivale? Carnivale. Carnivale? No, you need to say something like, "What is System Carnivale? It sounds amazing!" What is System Carnivale? It sounds amazing! Tell me. Well, I'm glad you asked me. You can help, like, demonstrate it later if you want to juice it up a bit. But basically, I only, if right, all bar one days of the month... Yeah. You only have one caffeinated drink a day which is an unfair, cruel torture and you don't drink and you don't have sugar. Then one day a month, you go to town. You can do anything you want. you can do anything you like. Crime, whatever. Cos you've heard of the 5 and 2 diet? Yeah. Which means you can eat anything you want. Can I tell you something? Forget that diet. Forget that System Carnivale is going to change your life! System Carnivale! Exactly! That's what its called. You could call it 29:1. No, the reason it's called System Carnivale is so your friends think you're less boring, because then one day a month you're like, "Carnivale!" Carnivale! And that's a lot more interesting than being like... What would you open the Carnivale day with? Oh, whatever I want, pain au chocolat? Yes! Also, I don't eat bread, cos it makes me really ill. Carnivale? I eat as much bloody bread as I want! First thing, pain au chocolat, bloody, hot chocolate if I want even though by midday I'll be feeling sick. Don't care. Prosecco? I wouldn't drink in the day. Prosecco I could have. You can have anything on Carnivale. Is it dangerous? Its part of a patented lifestyle system, so there's three prongs. There's System Carnivale, which is the health and food. Then there's the Golden Game, which is a workplace productivity system. And then there's... LAUGHTER And then there's simply my romance lifestyle system which is called Less Moaning, More Boning! That is my three-pronged system of how to live a happier life and, in all seriousness, it's been great! I do technically lie about System Carnivale cos I end up drinking two or three times a month but if I say I'm on System Carnivale, it's better. With System Carnivale... Please ask questions! Cos the caffeine thing, I gave up, I don't drink tea or coffee. But I actually got hypnotised. I had to go and see a hypnotherapist to get hypnotised to stop drinking, er, fizzy... Diet Coke? Diet Coke! You were addicted to Diet Coke. Absolutely addicted. You always had a can in your hand. Constantly. And the thing is, me on caffeine is not always a good thing. Yeah. And my wife sort of pointed out that you're supposed to be in bed before 5 o'clock in the morning. Especially when you've got two small children. Yeah, the two small children did sort of tip it round when I was sleeping for like an hour a day and I was waking up the children going, "We've got to play! We've got to play now!" How many hypnotism sessions did you have? Just one. Just the one. Did you go under? Oh, I was seeing dragons. It was amazing. I was in a fiery cave full of dragons. It was the best thing ever. He's amazing. You know, he's like, he works with sports people and that sort of stuff, but with me, he stopped me drinking pop and made me see dragons. Was it looking at a watch? Yeah, yeah. He was from the '50s! "I'm so glad you've come here this evening. "Do stare at this watch "and I shall walk along his body, he shall feel no pain!" How did he put how did he put you under? He, you'd sit in a chair... Hypodermic? And now I'm on heroin! It's all, er, you'd sit in a chair and people think it's this weird kind of like, zap you with "Ready? Bump!" And you're like that. It's just like sitting there, just relax, you start thinking about your thoughts, then once you're under, he just suggests what you're, you know, to stop, starts putting suggestions in about not, you know, just... So you really have no craving now? No, it's completely gone. From one session? Yeah. You've been one for alternative therapy in your time. Always. Have you been hypnotised? Yes, to stop smoking and it's worked. But I did need two goes. So you went back the following week, kind of thing? I went the first time and I went because I was going on holiday and I knew that I was going somewhere that I didn't associate with smoking, so I'd be in with a good shout. And then as soon as I got back, I found a fag and then, you know that thing of "Yeah, I'll show you!" And I'll smoke it, and it was like "Oh, that's quite nice, I might..." But I didn't go and buy another. I just thought, "Actually, I prefer not smoking now." So whatever he'd done in the first one had an overlapping factor. And actually what I'd realised by then was I like the ritual of smoking, I don't necessarily like the smoking. But I'd recommend it. It was really, I found it fascinating. And also, part of it was the process. I like a process. I like to see how something works. And it was very un-magic. And actually, midway through my second session, I started laughing and couldn't stop, and I know he was really freaked. I've got quite a big laugh and he was really freaked out. One of your best qualities! When I go... And, oh, Christ. I couldn't stop. I couldn't stop, and I was under, still. And he was trying to bring me back and I was loving it! Just a great big woman, just laughing a lot! "Wake up! Wake up!" "Huh-huh!" It was! It was marvellous. I had a thoroughly nice time, thanks! I think I might be resistant. Why? I don't know. I feel like I might feel vulnerable or something or I'd say it takes a lot of trust in somebody you barely know to allow them to do that to you. I'm not sure I would really... What like he's going to put stuff? I'm more likely to go with Josie's System Carnivale! If I may, draw you towards trying to think of a title for the show today. Now we've covered many... Colin's dog's anus. Colin's dog's... Ha! I think "Grasp the Magic Poo!" And what about when you have to take the grass out of the dog's arse as well? I mean, that's... Who told you you have to do that? Is that Marnie? The way they eat grass when they're sick and then they poo grass and it doesn't come out all the way and you have to grab the grab the grass and pull it out of their arse! Josie, help me! Help me get the grass out their arse! Don't pull anything out of the dog. Never pull anything out of a pet. It's important. Because it'll be all tangled up and you'll empty the dog. He just sits there all day feeling uncomfortable, not knowing what to do. Backing up on you! Just a strimmer. That's what you want, a weed whacker. He'll never poo again! What was the thing what was the phrase from Jarvis Cocker about? Britpop herd. That's a good, that's a good title. But then people might think that's like Thora Hird. Are you familiar with the work of Thora Hird? She kept Chihuahuas. She was the Diana Dors of her day. Didn't you have Thora down under? Down under. We should called it down under, too. Last of the Summer Wine? Who? Last of the Summer Wine. Yeah. "Thora?" Is that her name? Thora Hird. She was an old lady, even when she was young. And she was a brilliant comedic actress who then segued into doing Songs of Praise and stairlift adverts. Excellent. Our next-door neighbour at my old house, she was in her 80s, she was quite a character. And she asked me to repair her phone once. She said, "It won't ring." And I turned it on and it honestly was the most deafening noise you've ever heard in your life! "I think it's working!" Anyway, she had a stairlift and when she sat on it she pressed the button and you sit in the living room and you could see her in the door and then she'd go out of sight and she'd go, "Stately as a galleon!" I loved her. I used to have an old fella live next door to me and the first time I met him he went, "All right son, how's it going? "Thought I'd introduce meself. I'm your neighbour. "I'm Pete the Hat." And I looked at him and went, "You're not wearing a hat". And he went, "Oh, shit," and ran off! And then he goes back home, "You had one thing to remember - you let yourself down!" All these kids with hats on! It's not like you haven't got a lot of 'em! Jesus Christ! I wanted to impress him. Another house I lived in, there was an old fella next door, this, I've lived next to a lot of old people. And me and me flatmate went round and the oldest man you've ever seen in your life came to the door and he sort of looked a bit sort of frightened that two young lads were sort of at the door. And we tried to be his friend and said, "Hi, we've just moved in next door'. We're not robbers! We're from the Gas Board! And we said, "We just thought we'd say hello. "We've just moved in next door. And he went, "Oh, right, I'll just go and get me dad!" And he genuinely... And another incredibly old man that was almost made of dust coming down... Urgh! And sure enough, it was his dad! And then he said, "I'll go and get me dad!" Oh, lovely neighbours, lovely neighbours. I don't know, Liza. What do you think we should call it? Oh, Christ, don't ask me. I don't know nuffink! That'll do, Christ, Don't Ask Me. Or Jarvis Cocker's Britpop Herd. Britpop Herd is good. Boning Jarvis Cocker's Spaniel, Boning Jarvis Cocker's Spaniel. Thank you so much, all of you, for this evening. Thank you, Alan. And you have been watching Jarvis Cocker's Britpop Herd. APPLAUSE AND CHEERING Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 