Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e9 - No Smiling, No Laughing - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 9 - No Smiling, No Laughing - full transcript 
 Alan is joined by guests Phill Jupitus, Stuart Maconie, Pippa Evans and Carl Donnelly to discuss gleeking, bizarre urban myths within music and being trapped in a lift with Nelly Furtado. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}Alan Davies As Yet Untitled 09 CTO M913T/82 BF000000 Ooh, it's pretty rough working for Alan. All the other acts get cars. I've had to walk. Ugh. I've got a stinking hangover. The things I do to meet Alan Davies. Has it started? Yeah, I'm all right. Yeah, I'm OK. Yeah, don't mind me, I'm all right. Alan! Alan, I'm here! {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello, I'm Alan Davies and this is As Yet Untitled. This is the show without any real agenda or topics or themes, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we're just trying to come up with a title for the show. We haven't prepared, we have guests who are amusing and interesting. I've got some facts about them. By the end of the show, we'll have a title, but I do need my guests, so please welcome my guests. {\an1}CHEERING AND WHOOPING Hello, hello, hello. Hello, hello, Josh. Hello. Here they are. Welcome. Let's see. We have Alice Levine here. Alice Levine knows someone big in mucky books and is ever so at home in Beverly Hills. Alice Levine is here. Jason Byrne is with us. Jason Byrne bombed at Croke Park and is responsible for the world's first wino man. Jason Bryne. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Denise van Outen is here. Denise has never let her height hold her back and has flashed her crown jewels. Denise van Outen is here. And Josh Widdicombe. Josh still carries the scars from his wellies and has suffered with a bunged up hole. We've already had some debate before we came in about everyone wearing identical clothes. It's a bit checkie. Jason and Josh were saying "We're too similar" and then I came in with a checked shirt. Then we've all got black trousers and black shoes on. It's almost like we're bang on trend. Either that... Yeah, I know the terminology! ..or we've been... But you can't do yours up. No, I've got a fat neck. AUDIENCE LAUGH That wasn't even a joke! I'd say broad if anything. Could you get a bigger shirt? Well, then I'd... You're stretching quite a lot there... What's this?! You're about to pop out. All right... That shirt's too small. You need a bigger shirt. OK. Well, it's a little late. Instead I'll just have to go on with this national TV show in the shirt that's clearly too small for me. Don't worry... At least it's not poppers. Don't lift your arms up. You don't have a fat neck, all your clothes are too small. Which is odd because I'm pretty small. I'm five foot six and a half. But your neck is not. It is in width. When you bought it, was the size in years or was it just a number? That's your guide. I don't have to pay VAT on children's clothes! Age 14. Did you buy that shirt? Erm... No, I didn't actually. Oh. Well, who bought it? The wardrobe person on a different TV show. Well, they just don't know about your fat neck! Or body. Are your trousers too small for you as well? Well, there's only one way to find out! No, they're OK. They've been taken up because of my short legs. Are you really five foot six? And a half. I'm five six and a half. I'm five six, but you looked smaller walking in. What?! I didn't realise this was a character assassination. No, we haven't even got to your character yet! Is this an intervention? Ohh... Oh, now you've spilt your drink! Now you do look like a child in a pub! Denise, I want to hear about you flashing your crown jewels. At Prince Charles. Was it? Yeah. Oh, you've just upped the ante. Well, actually, first of all, what happened was, back in the '90s, I was doing a show called The Big Breakfast and I was invited by the Palace as one of the Young Achievers Of The Year to meet the Queen,... Quite right. ..which obviously was a great thing to do. And Johnny Vaughan, who I was presenting with, wasn't invited. Ha-ha! Wow! I bet he didn't complain about that at all! So when I was telling him I'd been invited, he didn't believe me and he said "You have to bring something back "to prove you've been to the Palace", so I went and I nicked an ashtray and I nicked a toilet-roll holder. You were like Supermarket Sweep! I lifted quite a few things. And then, when I was on air the following morning on the live show, he said "Prove that you went" and I got all my stolen goods out... Classic thieves' mistake. I know! I got in so much trouble. That's how they catch them. So I had to have them couriered back to the Palace live on the show. No... But I did send back a stuffed camel from a holiday in Tunisia, just as a peace offering. That's nice. I didn't want it any more. So I just chucked that in the bag as well for the Queen. So after that incident, I then was at Party In The Park that Prince Charles attends - this was about three years after that - and I was presenting it and they had a line-up where Prince Charles would shake people's hands and the royal officials frogmarched me out of the line-up because I wasn't allowed to be near any of the Royal family... In case you nicked something off them. Or kidnap them! Because you're a tea leaf. Exactly, yeah, because I'm a thief! So they pulled me to one side and I'd had a couple of drinks and I was with my friend and she knew I was up to something. She said "You're up to something" and they had this big bar window - everyone was watching Charles come along to meet all the bands - great bands like Steps,... Ohh... ..S Club 7... And just as Prince Charles was about to shake H's hand from Steps, I gave him a bit of a flash through the window. Did you?! Yeah. There's evidence of this because there were photographers there... Sorry, you're going to have to prove that. My friend had her camera... A total flash? Or did you have a bra on? I had a bra on. It was a nude one. Oh, no... Did he react? "That's the girl who sent me a camel in the post!" No, I've got a picture of him because my friend was next to me going... Brilliant picture. And she just got the back of me like this. How drunk where you? You've got two drinks in front of you right now. Actually.... This is apple... How likely are we going to get a flash?! It's wine... It's wine. Then I whack em out. This is... apple juice and a Bloody Mary. Yep... So it's not happening today. Did he see you doing that? Of course he did! I've got the picture... Oh, HE went like that. Yeah... He might just be a huge fan of H from Steps, we don't know. Yeah, we don't know what was going on... He wasn't looking at H. You look a bit like H from Steps. Well, thank you very much. With a fat neck! If H had mumps! {\an5}I literally had Dad's comb-over just wafting through the air {\an5}and he's trying to hammer what is basically a parachute {\an5}into the ground - it goes "Whoo"... When I was travelling, when I was on my "gap yahr"... Ohh... I know, as is obligatory, I stayed with friends of our family, but loads of times removed that you've only met when you were two, and they were like "Come and stay with us in Beverly Hills." I was like "This'll be amazing." So I got the shuttle bus from the airport and they said "When you get there, just let yourself in "because it's a nice neighbourhood, we'll just leave the door open." So I rocked up and this lovely Hispanic lady opened the door, but she didn't speak any English and she had like a mop in hand. I was like "Big house - maybe the housekeeper." So I'm like "Hi, I'm here to see Amy and El" and she was like... So I just pushed past her and then went inside and when you're travelling, you've got zero space - everything is packed in, when you open that bag, it explodes - and they'd said "When you get there, have a drink, something to eat." So I opened my bag, stuff was everywhere and then made myself a sandwich, had an apple, had a cake that I found in the fridge - not a whole cake, a slice. I'm not crazy. And... What kind of cake? It was like a gateau-y situation. Oh, nice. Black Forest? No, it didn't have a fruit element. But it was lovely. {\an3}That's just French for cake. What? For cake? You got gateau? No, it was a layered one, it wasn't one... It had a creamy... It's not the crux of the tale, but it was a delicious cake. {\an3}We're getting really old - "What was the cake?" {\an3}"Tell us about the cake." And it was 15 years ago, so it could have been a Black Forest gateau... Ohh... Before we move on, what was in the sandwich? Erm... So I rang them and they were like "No worries, we'll be right down" and I was like "Right down?" This place is massive! So I waited a while and they didn't arrive and the phone rang again and the cleaner's like "You answer it, I don't know who you are", and they're like "Hey, Alice, whereabouts are you?" and I was like "Look a bit harder, I'm in the kitchen" and they were like "We're in our kitchen" and I was like "OK, come out wherever you are!" and they were like "OK, well, whereabouts are you?" and I was like "313 South Roxbury Drive" and they were like "Oh, cool, "we're 331 South Roxbury Drive, bye!" And you know when you're like "Ohh... OK." "How do I regurgitate this sandwich, this cake and this apple?" "And how do I get out of here?" So I tried to shove everything back in my bag, it wouldn't go, then I was embarrassed because this lovely Hispanic lady thinks "Who is this crazy thief that's just stolen a sandwich and gateau, "brushed her teeth and gone?" "But the gall of that girl!" I know, it's the perfect crime! So I bundled out of there and I said to her, even though she didn't speak English, "I'll be right back!" I don't want her to think I'm crazy. So then I leave and 6,000 metres up the road, they're like waving me in and they got really mad at me because they said "You can't let yourself in anywhere." But I didn't go "I like that one" and just plough on in! They told you to go in. They had to send a muffin basket to apologise because I'd eaten so much. Can I just... What flavour muffin? But they thought it was because I was British, I thought that was OK. Did they know the people at 313331? At 333445 South Roxbury Drive? Well, they were like "Oh, we think we know them - they're French." I was like "Oh, does that make it worse?" Hence the gateau! Ohh! I knew there was a French element to it. No wonder! What you had was a baguette. Ohh... You're right - you asked me what was in the sandwich, it was Brie! So the house you moved into, was it as nice? No... It must still be quite nice if it's on the same street... It was really nice, but I kind of got comfy there, felt settled and I made a few pilgrimages back during my stay. I was like "I know the door's left open, I might as well go hang out." Door left open? Was there no... Beverly Hills, Jason. That's what happens, is it? Yeah, you could rob 'em blind. Hollywood is the friendliest place on Earth. I haven't heard that! So high walls, loads of security, door open. Yeah. "Just come on in." Because there's always that guard with the mop. She was quite scary, thinking back. I wonder if she's still alive. The woman with the mop? Yeah, that's just an Irish thing. I didn't scare her that bad! {\an3}We're obsessed in stories that end with "I wonder if she's dead." My dad's stories always end "..and he died." It starts really funny and then "He was hit by a bus" and you're like "Oh, gosh, that was a real twist." We love a bit of death in Ireland. God, we're obsessed. You love a funeral. We love a funeral and the misery and the "Ohh..." and the "Jesus" and the millions of sandwiches and I've been in houses where the sandwiches were on the coffin and the drink was there and... Cut the shit - is there cake? Yes, but it's home-made. Ohh... There wouldn't be a gateau in sight. What is the world's first wino man? Is this an actual person? Well, not really. This is... Well, it starts in the Isle of Man, which is still there, isn't it? Yeah. Right. Because Irish people were sent there on holidays. That's where you went... Right. ..because it was kind of abroad. Over the sea. We went on the Isle Of Man bucket, which was the ship. It's a terrible place to go, it's very grey. You don't say. Yeah. So the beach is all stony, there's nothing, it's just misery. And then you have your dad hammering in a windbreaker, which is the most miserable thing to put up on your holidays... The mallet... Your dad's comb-over's just wafting through the air and he's trying to hammer what is basically a parachute into the ground - and it goes "Whoo..." Did you go on the car ferry? Oh, yeah, yeah. So you had the car full of spades and buckets... And cousins. Yeah, millions of that. Loads of you! So you're people-trafficking, that's what your saying. So there was a raffle that night in a place called Summerland, which was burnt down, but I think it's there again. And it had... The glamour! We're in this room, massive tables, loads of rows of people and then my mum was like "Oh, it's the raffle!" and there was Action Men and dolls and those ceramic cheaters and stuff and so everybody was watching as they were pulling out the tickets and I had one ticket - I've never won anything in my life, right, that's the only thing I ever won - and anyway he did his usual "Buff-coloured, whatever..." and I went "God, it's me!" and my parents went "Get up, get up!" and I get up on the stage and there's a spotlight in my eyes and I was heading towards the Action Men and the MC's going "Oh, you're going to go to the toys" and I went "Yeah, yeah", went over and all I could hear was my mum and dad and all my aunties and uncles looking at me, going "The wine, get the wine!" And I'm only seven, going "The Action Men..." They're going "The wine, get the wine!" So I just said to the guy "The wine?" and the MC goes "The little boy has chosen the wine..." And he gave me a box of wine and I had to be helped down and my whole family drank it all night, knocking back the wine, going "Well done, you won the wine!" And then they gave me corks at the end, all the corks, and went "You can make an Action Man with that..." Glue them all together... "And he's here with me now, the little cork guy..." I could've had an Action Man, one with eagle eyes - remember him? Yeah, I remember him. Used to.. Back of his head, wasn't it? Yeah, you'd move a little thing and he'd go "Wap-wap-wap..." Was he attractive to you as a girl? Was the Action Man look... Not really, no. He was quite sort of square-jawed... Yeah. I used to like the Hulk. Did you? Yeah. Before or after? Both. Both?! Yeah. You've got issues, haven't you?! Your bunged up hole - what's that about? What's, what's... Morning. No, it was my flat's bunged up hole. I used to live in a flat-share. Did you? Yeah... You said that as if you imagine as if I still probably do! We never got on with our landlords or our neighbours... Our landlord, he was a terrible human being and our neighbours hated us because of various reasons, including we shared a porch and you had to go out of our house, unlock it and then unlock the front door and get out and my flatmate twice managed to lock himself just in the porch! Love that! So he'd go to get the post, the door would lock behind him and he'd be stuck in the porch! What a cretin! Wait for it, it gets worse. That does seem like a fire risk, surely? Yeah, but he was collateral damage. It was. You've learnt your lesson, if you lose one housemate. The other people in the flat hated us so much that he was once walking, but behind the people that were living downstairs up the drive, they opened the door and slammed it in his face - they hated us. And it climaxed when he... phoned me up and he said "I had a bit of an incident, "I've managed to flood the landing", which is difficult because there's no taps... There's no reason... And there's the stairs as well, it's probably the most difficult room to flood. The flood had gone into downstairs and I said "How did you do it?" and he said "I fell asleep in the shower." What? Standing up? No... Come on, Denise, we've all done it. He said "It flooded because I fell asleep "and I covered the plug hole with my arse." Ah, that's brilliant! I said "Well,... how did you fall asleep?" and he said "I was a bit tired, so I had a lie down." What?! That's almost always not a good idea. But all this is quite exhausting, isn't it? Is it?! What? Going to a rave?! You've washed yourself and need a rest - have you never sat down? I always think a seat would be nice, just a little ledge just to perch on sometimes. If you're standing up, the water on your head feels all right, but if you sit down, it feels like it's raining... So you've done it? Yeah, I've sat in a shower. You've lived a life. Why have you sat down in the shower? I can't really remember. Good question. I think I went down there to pick something up and... Stayed down. Just stayed down. That is such an old-man story! "I couldn't get up for half an hour!" You should get a little emergency bell in your shower. No, it wasn't really a shower, the shower was in the bath. Oh, right, so it was a bath? So I was sitting in the bath and then I put the shower on... And it's awful. Bathing? Sitting in the bath with the shower on. It splashes too much. I think it feels like a rainforest. I overthink things, so when I'm in a shower, I do the same system. What is your system? Well, I'll go for definitely the inner thighs first. Inner thigh? Yeah... This is also his system when making love. Yes! Lather the inner thigh... I like to lather up my wife. Oh, God... She's going "Can you not do this in the shower? It's giving me a rash." That's not the lather. I'll go that way and then here and here... I keep meaning to mix it up, but I never do. Change it about. I'm going to go "I'm going in there and I'm starting with me hoop." I've got one of those... Oh, God, I know it's only for girls, but... Right... A vagina. ..they're really good... Alan,... you've... Mate... You've got to get your hands on one. I would describe it as a game-changer. Yeah... I would, yeah. I don't doubt that for a moment. Erm, no, I've got one of those... You know those netting balls... What is it called, those froofy... For exfoliating? They're brilliant. A pooffer. You know the round thing that you hang up in the shop... It's got lots of loops... I know what you mean. I tell you what, never have I had a cleaner vagina. {\an5}And her nipples popped, so it's like a plung-and-pop motion. {\an5}- So like a bungee with the boobs? - Yeah. Pah... My best friend's dad has written a porno. Wow! When you say "porno", do you mean a porno... A script for a film? An erotic novel. A novel! He read, as he calls it, 50 Colours Of Grey and thought he could do better and he's retired now so he thought "What the heck." This is recent? Oh, it's just been... self-published obviously. There's a lot of self-publishing over porn, isn't there? Is that what it's called now?! "Did you enjoy it? "I'd self-publish over that!" His pen name is probably my favourite thing. Go on. His pseudonym is Rocky Flintstone. {\an3}Oh, yeah! You get it from your favourite film and favourite cartoon character. So it's called Belinda Blinked, the novel, it's hopefully one of 25. CHUCKLING Ooh... Haven't even read it yet and everyone's like "Ambitious." Have you read it? I have read the first three chapters and it is gold. One of my favourite quotes from it is Belinda, the protagonist, she sells pots and pans, which immediately is sexy anyway... She sells pots and pans? To major European distributors. Oh, I know where this is going. Exactly. Say no more. Do you? "You can't pay for your pots and pans?" Does she put her boobs into the pots? Well, this is the creepy bit because I know my friend's dad, so now I know he's a boob man from reading the book - nipples get a lot of attention. At one point, her black brassiere is removed in one swift motion, like... Like a tablecloth? Skills. Skills. Skills. She's still got two drinks on them. Do you appreciate that? Yeah. What, brassiere? I like a man who can do that. Skills. Is that a thing women like? Yeah, I love that. You love to get your bra ripped off? Yeah. With one hand. Is that not an attack? Consensually, Jason. Ohh... Not by a random passer-by. So if you're walking along and a guy went... that would be bad? No, that's bad. Even though you did that to Prince Charles. I'd just be snapping you by accident... That's why it's skills. It's skills. I thought Belinda Blinked was a fiction, but maybe it's based on Denise's life. When does she blink? That's not a surname, surely? No, she's Belinda Blumenthal. No, she blinks. She blinks a lot. In the first chapter... Don't we all? ..she nods and blinks a lot and then... Spoiler alert, sorry. And, at one point, she's very excited and "a runnel of liquid trickles down her lower left thigh." A runnel! That's not even a word, is it? I believe it is. Is it a bit Northern, a runnel? It's not Southern. It's definitely not Southern. Where it went was southern. And then when the black brassiere - "brassiere"'s sexier than "bra" - when it's removed, Belinda's breasts "plunged to freedom". I don't know if that's a good thing. Like two divers. And her nipples popped, so it's like a plunge-and-pop motion. - So like a bungee with the boobs. - Yeah - pah! I kind of think no woman wants anything to plummet, I don't think. That's never good. "Plunged to freedom". How old is she? We're not sure about this. Erm, she's got a good body - she says so herself in chapter two. When she's attached to the trellis in chapter three, she's quite lithe, so I can't be sure. You mean like a garden fence? Yeah, like a home-made garden fence. How was she attached? Yeah, there's all kind of sexy things... A bit of twine! Is that a thing?! She gets her foot caught! "Oh, yeah! I'm stuck in the roses!" That's actually not a sexy trap... "And I can't get my bra off." "And I've got all these pots and pans." "Ooh, there go my breasts!" "Ahhhh..." Erm, yeah. What does your friend think of it? Because her dad... He's surprisingly OK with it. There are some bits that are obviously a bit too illuminating... There's some bits which make me think he's never seen a naked woman and he did say "Maybe my dad should spend more time with my mum"! My favourite bit is that the first chapter is called "The Interview", so it's just her being interviewed for a sales-director position. Oh, hello. Oh, my God, I'm off! No, seriously, I think he forgets he's writing a sexy novel because midway through he's like "The perks for travel were great, "it was £85,000 a year plus all the other bonuses..." It's like "No, no, she's supposed to be stripping and stuff..." But don't you need to kind of up the tension. Yeah, that's upping the tension - what, your salary? Well, chapter two's called "The Leather Room". When does the sex come in? There's a lot of nipple action, a lot of stuff is done deftly. It's always like "They deftly did this", "They deftly did that" and there's a confusing bit where Belinda is in a sexy scenario and this is what makes me think we should give Rocky a birds-and-the-bees book because, during this sexy scenario someone grabs her... dot-dot-dot. Now, what would be a thing? A boob? Or like a bum? Labia. Worse. Cervix. Her cervix? Cervix?! That's internal. Ahh! He grabs her cervix?! Cervix... Has the cervix been plunging as well? It's like that, isn't it? - Isn't that quite far up? - You've got to go looking for that. Yeah! Do you think he's run out of terminology and he's just using a thesaurus app? Yes, I totally do! I think he's better off turning her inside out. I also like "grab" - you don't want to grab it! Grab her cervix?! Leave the cervix alone! "He grabbed her Fallopian tubes..." It's like the cervix is going to just move around. Deftly. There's nothing deft about grabbing a cervix. Oh, gosh. Have you corrected him? Well, I love the cervix line... I'd leave it. Leave it. Just make it the title. Do you think? By Rocky Flintstone. "He Grabbed Her Cervix". Does he know what a cervix is? He doesn't. Who does? Do you think he meant something lower down? Yeah, I think so. Or higher up. Higher up?! He'd kill her! Not internally! I wish I hadn't done that when I said that! I love that none of us know. We're all like "It's here, isn't it?" "I think it's a small part of the brain." Erm... There's various contexts that he could've thought it was something different. Yeah... Like an item of clothing? Like a bolero? He might've thought... vest? Cervex? Vest? Yep. Oh, "He grabbed her vest" makes a lot more sense actually, yeah. Do you think it's just a typo? Potentially! Is it autocorrect? "Every time I try and put "vest" in, "cervix" comes up." "He was really cold, so he put on a cervix." Ohhh! "Autocorrect!" I've not read Fifty Shades of Grey. Presumably... Fifty Colours Of Grey. Fifty Colours Of Grey, sorry, yeah. Presumably there's like... It's not all sex, is it? There must be bits... The movie, I didn't see it... There's hardly any sex in there. Yeah, and the women went mental. You said that in a really angry way. I was really disappointed. Eight quid she spent on that! My wife went with 20 other women and they brought prosecco and stuff. "We're going to get wrecked and watch all the dirty, filthy shit!" And then they came home - "There was nothing in it!" {\an1}Not a cervix in sight! And if you mentioned watching it, she'd go "You're a pervert." "Were you just waiting for sex?" "That's what YOU were waiting for." But there was nothing in it, no? Not really, just at the end. Just a bit of tit. Any belting? Is that what he does? Yeah, there's a bit of whipping... Denise doesn't count that. She's like "Yeah, a bit of whipping..." That's not really sex, is it? There was no pounding. Do you mean, what, into the bed? If you want whipping - 12 Years A Slave. Plenty of that in that! Oh, my God. Where have you got wellie scars? This isn't a whipping story. Good link. Speaking of whipping... Erm, on my cervix. Have you really? Can you grab that for me? I, erm... When I was about eight or nine, for Comic Relief, me and my best friend Thomas decided to do a sponsored walk. Right. Yep, er... But, you know, you want to give it a quirky twist, don't you? OK. So we decided we'd walk the three miles to our nearest market town - Bovey Tracey - wearing Wellington boots full of custard. Oh, custard. I was going to say, was it baked beans? Josh grew up in a very small place. I did. How many people in your school? In my year, there was four. No way! Yeah. What? And where is this? In the middle of Dartmoor... So when two of them go off in custard-filled boots, half the school's gone missing! Half the school's gone! Oh, that's brilliant! Who did the custard? Well, this was the problem. OK. we raised money, we got sponsorship... From the other two! We were thinking "Some African kids are getting 50p coming their way!" You should've sent them the custard. Well, yeah. The problem was my mum prepared the custard... OK. ..and she didn't think that when preparing the custard for the Wellington boots, we might want it at a lower temperature... Oh, my God, no way! Mrs Widdicombe! Straight off the pan and... Yeah, straight in the boots. Your mum's not Ann Widdecombe, is she? No, but Ann Widdecombe has moved to the same village. Oh, weird. You'll have to change your name. She's changed her house name to Widdecombe's Retreat, which has gone down like a lead balloon with my parents. Were you wearing the boots when she poured the custard in? No, the custard went in and obviously suspicions were aroused when the steam... Have you ever had your Wellington boots steaming? No, but I don't think I'd put my foot into a steaming boot. Mind you, you were nine. You can't blame your mum. If there's steam and you're just like... I think she's getting a rough ride here. Do you think?! What, burning her own son's shins? Did you get one in... Shins? Didn't you stop when your foot burnt? There's a kind of suction created... You couldn't get it off! Yeah... That's the trouble with wellies. Have you been stung by a jellyfish? Yes. Did she put one of those in your boot too? That was the next Red Nose Day. She's a crazy cat! And I learnt a valuable lesson - never raise money for charity. When where you stung by a jellyfish? Erm, on holiday in Dubai. Whoa. On one of their sanitised swimming pools? Faux beaches... It's really painful. Did anybody wee on you? A lot of people pissed over me. I wonder how true that is. Were you in the sea? I was. It was only a small one, but it does really hurt. Was it a wrappy-round tentacly thing? Yeah. A man o' war? They're horrible. They've got a lot of them there. There's a balloon chap that floats along - he's the man o' war and he has really long tentacles. Did you see the one that got you? Well, I suspected one of them. Was it purple? Would you recognise it? No, they all look the same. Did you get revenge? No, I just got people pissed on me. Did they really wee on you? Was it your friends or did you go along the beach like "Come on..." Everyone just flocked towards me... They can't wait, can they? "Yes, another one!" No, but that doesn't work. Imagine if someone got it wrong and had a shit on you. That would work. That would take your mind off it! Someone just running in, going "I know what to do!" Plop! "That's not what to do!" But surely weeing is not good either. No, it doesn't work. A little bit of Sudocrem... Have you been stung by anything? Yes, I trod on a bee once. Yeah, bees are bad. And it stung me. And it really hurt a lot. Bees don't mean to sting you... You know you've killed it, you feel bad. My brother said "Doesn't hurt that much." I'm like "How do you know?" "You tread on one!" My first memory is being stung by a bee. It's your mother again. "Joshey!" In your boots! The old bee in the nappy! "Aghh! Aghh!" "Pop your boots on, it's Comic Relief." Worst Comic Relief ever! {\an5}He comes out and he goes "Just forget it!" {\an5}"Just get your bag and run!", right? Denise. Yes. I need to know about your height... I'm five foot six. ..and how it's not held you back or how you don't let it hold you back. Well, when I was younger, I auditioned for Les Miserables, you know, the musical. I do. It had just opened in the West End and I auditioned for the first cast and got close to getting the part of the girl - the one on the poster. And ny friend got the part, so when I went back to audition again, I knew I was too tall to play the part - they measured you and you had to be a certain height for the costume... OK... ..and to look cute... Did you do the shoes on the knees? No, I actually went out and... I should've done that! But I went out and I bought a dress from - I was probably about 10 or 11 at the time - I bought a dress from Laura Ashley and it was floor length. So I decided I'd do my audition with my knees bent, so I... Oh, my God. So I did the whole audition with my knees bent in this long dress, got the part. So your legs were hidden... I literally walked in, bent down like this... Were you in pain? No, I wasn't. Because it's quite a tough hold. But I got the part. You got the part? Yeah, and my mum said "What are you going to do?" "You'll be too tall, the costume's going to be really short on you", but once I was signed, I thought "Well, they can't sack me, "once I've signed the contract." So did they sack you? No, they couldn't, I'd signed my contract. So you were in Les Mis? I just said I'd had a growth spurt! Over the weekend. Overnight! Striding around the stage, towering over the peasants. "Look at the poor little girl." "Hello!" "Thank you, thank you." So I was in the second cast of Les Miserables. Aand how long were you in it for? I did it for about five months. And I carried on growing. I'm jealous you got to do the main part, I never got the main part. I thought of myself as a bit "Amdrammy", school plays and stuff, always got the narrator because I could read but was rubbish. Because you could read? Yeah, it was like Josh's school. What school was this? There was only two of us... "Alice, read!" Everyone else is like "Oh, she can read!" I was about to brag that I got the main part, then I realised it wasn't difficult to get the main part at my school! I can totally beat that. I was a tree in Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs. What? A tree? I never got the main part, I was this weird kid with huge glasses and they went "You're going to be a tree, you're the forest." I was a forest on my own. This is true. It's so high-concept. Snow White gets lost and I had to follow her around. I was wrapped in brown cardboard with glasses and I was... I was holding two branches... ..and I was just shuffling behind her and then I was a flag in The Pirates Of Penzance. That's a much-coveted role. How old were you? I was about, I don't know.... 17? I was about seven as a tree. I was nine as a flag. What did you do as a flag? A tree I can get, but you just get a flag in, don't you? I was the front of the ship. Now, Jason, Croke Park in Dublin. Oh, yeah... Croke Park is a huge sports arena, right? Is it? About 86,000. Massive. I was asked to do a corporate gig and we all know that corporate gigs can be a nightmare, in all areas. And I went and I always ask "OK, is it like a dinner situation?" and the girl went "Yeah, there's tables and there's chairs." Fine. I went "Is it in a function room?" "Yeah, it's in a function room." "And they'll all be seated and stuff?" "Yeah." "OK, grand. Right." So I arrive into this area and I opened the door literally to "Ahh-ahh-ahh!" and there must have been 2,000 people in this massive room. There was a big row of bars where free drink was being given out. I don't know what this function was. - They were like lamming it back... - Can you find out? I'd like to go. So I'm going "Where's the stage?" and the woman organising it goes "Just through that group of people" and I find the stage, there's nobody stopping, no chairs, nothing, there's nobody listening. I get up there and there's a DJ on the stage and I go "Hi, I'm Jason" and he turns round to me and goes "They're bastards..." "They're bastards, Jason! They're not listening to anything!" And I went "Sorry, what?" "They're just walking around "and they're just drinking, I've been trying my best!" And I went "I've got to do a gig" and he goes "I know, just hang on." And he turns the music down and he gets the mike and goes "Excuse me, will somebody listen to me for a second?!" There's people crisscrossing each other with pints going "Ahh-ahh!" and he goes "Somebody listen!" and then he goes "I don't give a shit any more!" "Ladies and gentlemen, Jason Byrne!" And I come out to no claps because they can't hear it, I'm trying to get a group of people to watch me, right? Eventually about 15 people walk by, going "Oh, what's that bloke doing?" and they stand there and I'm trying to do a bit of stand-up. There's mayhem in the background and these guys are staring at me. There's a guy with a pint and he just looks at me and, as I'm talking, he goes "Jason? Jason?" And I go "What?" and he goes "You should have more respect for yourself." And I went... I couldn't believe it and I went "What do you mean?" He goes "This lot are bastards!" "They're not even listening to you, you should walk off. Feck them!" So I thought if I didn't do my 20 minutes, I wouldn't get paid, so I kept going and I got into about eight minutes. The next minute, the DJ starts playing music. He comes out and he goes "Just forget it!" "Just get your bag and run!" Right? Oh, my God! "Get your bag and run"! And I just left through the audience and I've seen him just playing his music, just going... Oh, my God. .."They won't listen, the bastards!" I'm sure you've done some evil corporate gigs. I mean, they're awful, aren't they? Yeah, I've had some horror shows. But... Like, at Christmas, there should be a band there because they're all at the drink and they go "A comedian? Oh, my God..." No-one wants a comedian at these things. No, they just want to dance. Who's the toughest crowd... Harper Adams University can go fuck themselves. Touche! I think that might be... We're coming to that point in the evening where we need to come up with a title for the show. Oh, my God. And I'm struggling to get beyond "Harper Adams University can go fuck themselves"! Oh, please call it that! Please call it that! That would be great. It's got to be something about a cervix in the title. Yep. "And then he deftly grabbed my cervix"? That's strong. Not the cervix, the name. Or Ricky Flintstone... Rocky Flintstone. What was that cervix... "Everyone pissed on Denise van Outen" - that's quite... That's already been done. If you called it that, the viewing figures will be astronomical. "Next on Dave, 'Everyone pisses on Denise van Outen'"... "Yeah, I'll stick with this." I quite like "The custard in my boots" - that was strong. What was the exact cervix quote? Erm... It probably was along the lines of "He deftly grabbed her cervix." How about calling it QI? You know, you'll get more figures. Call it... We'll just call it Dad's Army. Only Fools And Horses! "This is the weirdest episode of EastEnders I've ever watched." Anyway, listen, please will you thank my guests, Alice Levine, Jason Byrne, Denise van Outen,... Thank you. ..Josh Widdicombe. I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching "And Then He Deftly Grabbed My Cervix". Subtitles by Ericsson 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 