Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 4, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s4e4 - Hitler & Jingle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 4, Episode 4 - Hitler & Jingle - full transcript 
 Alan is joined by Dane Baptiste, Lolly Adefope and "Upstart Crow" stars David Mitchell and Liza Tarbuck. Dane and Lolly swap recipes as David opens up about his fear of crustaceans. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}Alan Davies As Yet Untitled 04 CTO N224Y/82 BF000000 This is not actually me arriving. This is just stock footage of me arriving. {\an5}Can use for various things. Wow. Feeling thrilled and honoured to be the first and only black person on As Yet Untitled. HE HUFFS Story of my life. {\an5}Good evening. Is that enough? Hello. I'm Alan Davies. This is As Yet Untitled, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the show with no preparation, planning, scheming or ideas. I don't really know what'll happen, we never have a clue, but at the end, we come up with a title. To do that, I need some help, so please welcome my guests. {\an1}AUDIENCE WHOOP Here they are. Hello. Welcome. Hello, hello. Here are my guests. Welcome to them. Lolly Adefope's here. She's a picky eater and has unique interview techniques. David Mitchell. Welcome, David. David Mitchell was traumatised by a crustacean. David Mitchell... Liza Tarbuck. Welcome back, Liza Tarbuck. A return. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Very happy to have you. Liza Tarbuck had a hand in Basil's death. And welcome to Dane Baptiste. Dane Baptiste is an expert in extracurricular activities. Now, I'm a bit left-outy today because you're all working with one another on things. You've been working on a thing together. Yeah, we have. A sitcom or something. Yes, a sitcom about Shakespeare. We play Shakespeare and his wife. Do you?! Mr and Mrs Shakespeare. You're the Bard? I'm his wife and... And I look really good in a beard. And you two are doing a comedy thing? Yes. A topical, fast-paced, quickfire, hilarious sketch show. Yeah, other jargon. There's a lot of adjectives. Lolly used most of them. Viral. Viral... Meme... Digital. Current. Core. Content. Lots of content. And demographics. Targeting people. Yeah. Youth. It's open, feedback. Yeah. Cyclical. Cyclical sounds good. Yeah... I like it already. Interesting that "viral" is a buzzword and "bacterial" isn't. You know... Where did that start, "viral", things going "viral"? I... It must be off the back of "bacteria", mustn't it? Well, I think it spreads, but apparently a virus spreading is just great publicity. Tell that to someone with AIDS. Think you just did! I always mention AIDS early on and it's always a mistake. I saw another film the other day in which... somebody contracted something and then they go to an airport and then they do a graphic of the virus spreading around the world. So it starts with someone in a departure lounge sneezing and then it goes to the graphic. Yeah, and you see them going through the gate - "Welcome aboard" - and you think "No!" "He's just shaken hands!" They do it in Grimsby. Oh, haven't seen that yet. Is it funny? Can't really talk about it because it'll ruin it for everyone. It's got one of the most disgusting things you'll ever see in your life involving the biggest cock that's ever been made in a prosthetics... lounge! They haven't used that as much in the publicity as I'd expect them to. "The most disgusting thing you'll ever see "and the biggest cock ever made" - who's not going to give that a look? I lent my mate my flat once when I was travelling - I left him a few presents in the room, he left me some for when I got back. Sounds like you shat in the bed! It was borderline that. To get back to Grimsby, he left me a massive, great, big, realistic-looking penis down the bottom of my bed. He'd changed the bed and everything. So when I touched it with my feet, I'm like "Jesus! What's that?!" - up and out of bed and over. So this thing becomes a bit of a gag and it's left places, blah-de-blah. I finally got it into my dad's golf bag the day that he was leaving, driving to Portugal and just rammed it down the bottom, knowing that, at some point, he'd be like "Oh, I can't get this..." "Can't get this wood in!" So, interestingly, they got stopped and searched at the border and they asked him "What do you do?", "I'm an entertainer." "Are you really? What's this?" It ended up in Portugal and my mum didn't know what to do with it. "I'd throw it in a bin, but someone'll see me." Someone had a golf bag made out of a penis. Was it a Nazi? No, I don't think so. They did things with skin, didn't they? I don't picture the Nazis playing a lot of golf. No, I think it was... I think it might've been... I think I might have imagined it, but I think it was the penis of some sort of... Maybe a whale. A whale sounds right. That'd be about the right size for a golf bag. How big's a whale's penis? Huge. They're enormous. Blue whales, you can swim in their veins, so I imagine that, because it serves the penis, the bloodstream, then it's very big. {\an1}You could probably make a whole line of golf bags out of one penis. Yeah. The blue whale has got a heart the size of a car. They say... I know about it because it's always on QI. A small car. What would that be? I don't know. I'm thinking a Metro. What would you say? You were born in 2012 or something. A Smart car. A Smart car! What year were you born in? Er, 1999. Shut up. Before the programme began, Lolly said she was born in 1990. People actually shat themselves. Ten people walked out. The bloke behind us went "Uhhh..." Because it's too awful... And David Mitchell said something about Margaret Thatcher. When did she finish? November? I think it was just before Christmas 1990. Yeah, she left in tears. Finally. We finally made her cry. She was the hardest supply teacher in history! It took 11 years to make her cry! It was the best bit, the end, when she cried. In many ways, it makes it all worth it. Such a big build-up. And I did that. You did that. So you're welcome, guys. Thanks, Lolly. But you are a picky eater, correct? Yes. Well, picky, also just strange. Erm, for ages, I didn't know that you're not meant to put milk in herbal tea... AUDIENCE MURMURS Guys, no-one told me. Squeamish audience tonight. Very serious about peppermint infusions. "You've crossed the line now." "Do not fuck them with lactose!" A lost generation. So young. So young and stupid! I'd've thought tea equals something you put milk in. Yeah. I'd just make myself green tea and peppermint tea and put milk in it and I must've tasted it in the beginning and thought "Weird", but then just been like "I'm sure it's an acquired taste, "I'm just not mature enough to handle it yet" and then when I was at uni, someone said "What are you doing?" and I was like "What? No, I know, "I was putting milk... Erm..." "Because you don't put milk in peppermint tea. Exactly. Cool." "Cool." And I also still really like savoury and sweet things that shouldn't go together like, for example, vanilla ice cream with green Pringles. Wow. Yeah. AUDIENCE MURMURS That was more of an intrigued noise. Yeah! More of a "I'm going to try that!" That's like a very, very low-rent Heston Blumenthal. That's Heston Blumenthal from Iceland. Do-it-yourself, you know... They should make up their own in-house chef, give him a name like Beston Humenthal or something... "Why not dip a Kit Kat finger in some chutney?" Only the green Pringles though? Only the green, yeah, and... Is that the sour cream and chive? Yeah. Good knowledge. He knows about Hitler and Pringles. That's good... That's a good title. I can cook a massaman curry because it's the only thing I like, so I've learnt how to cook that, but everything else... How do you cook that? Step by step. You get massaman-curry paste from Tesco... This is... This is a great recipe. You buy a massaman curry and then you eat it. So you've got your paste... You get your paste... Maybe on a low heat, er... Just the paste? Er, cumin... You get a spoon... Er, coriander... Cumin seeds or ground cumin? Exactly. And... Erm, and some basil... Fresh coriander or... Fresh, fresh. And basil and, erm, spices. Dry basil? Some lovely spices and herbs. Ooh, I'm going to go home and make that! Sounds nice! Microwave that for five to six mins, erm, boil some rice or naan if you'd prefer, serve on a... plate and enjoy. What do you put in the paste? Erm... Are you not lobbing a bit of fish in there or... Oh, right... Potatoes or onions? Yeah, you have to have potato, chopped. Yeah, yeah. Er, onion, chopped. Erm... And beef, chicken, lamb. All of those! Yeah... Mix them around. Not chopped! Put them in whole! Skinned or just... the whole animal! Well, that sounds absolutely,... Try it yourselves. ..I think you'll agree, delicious. {\an5}Were you burgled or was it Jingle? {\an5}Messin' with your mind! Now, Liza. Basil... Who's Basil? Is Basil an animal? Basil. Basil Brush we're talking. Are we?! Do you remember Basil Brush? Yes, I do. I'm worried about this story though. He's back, Basil Brush, isn't he? Is he? Yeah. Not THE Basil? I don't know. Well, it can't be because I saw him maimed. It can't be him. First of all, there's two Basil references, one of which, Dad was doing... And it's the same panto, so it was either Cinderella or Jack And The Beanstalk... Liza's dad is television legend Jimmy Tarbuck. I know him. Thanks for that. Even though I was born in 2003. So anyway we've got Basil Brush on a show with Dad - or Dad's on a show with Basil because Basil was massive then - and I go to rehearsals with Dad and I must've been about four. So I'm wandering around this room and I found Basil Brush in a plastic bag! So I, at that age, think that Basil's real, so I am not only like... I mean, I'm speechless. There he is, on a windowsill in a plastic bag, and I know, at four,... Was it pulled tight? ..just to put a hole in it so he can breathe and just think "God, these people are idiots!" So carry on, but that really traumatised me. Cut to the curtain call. All going on and it's like "And Jimmy Tarbuck!" "And Harry Secombe!" And Basil, being a hand puppet, he comes through the curtain. And it's the London Palladium and it's "Basil Brush!" So it's like "Bye, kids!" This particular day, this matinee, my dad had taken our dog Louis the Labrador to the matinee and he'd promised the kids he'd bring Louis on at the end - and he was a lovely dog, Louis, really... He was his own man. So... He strolled on and all the kids are like "Oh, look, it's Louis" and Louis's got his smiley face on and it's like "Hi!" And then Basil came round the curtain to wave goodbye and Louis's got his smiley face on and that does that whole... Exocet, no stopping, no changing, just leapt at him. Grabbed the guy's hand, so grabbed Basil... 2,000 people watching. Absolutely. Pandemonium because "Oh, there's Louis!" "Louis's killed Basil!" And brought the curtains down... Shut up. ..in the panic because the fella holding Basil - or up Basil - didn't want anyone to see him, so he's wrapped... He doesn't know what's gone on! He doesn't want... Even though Basil's being maimed, he doesn't think "It might be better for them to know it's a puppet "rather than genuinely the world's only talking fox "who's being killed by a Labrador in front of their eyes"? No blood - suspicion. Or there would be, wouldn't there, with the hand? And the crowd must've thought it was all set up. Oh, I don't think so. It was proper chaos. The bloke was screaming. Yeah. "Fuck! Aghh! Aghh!" "Fucking dog! Get the fucking dog off me! I can't be seen!" "I can't be seen!" "Mr Roy! Mr Roy!" "Boom, boom!" He sounds like a real professional. Was he the regular puppeteer guy? I don't know. Or was he a stagehand - "I'll just stick Basil through the curtain..." Anyone can do curtain Basil. It's "Boom, boom" Basil that takes the rehearsal. It'd just be that, wouldn't it? My dogs once got into a five-kilo bag of dried dog biscuits - I'm looking at you because I know you like dog stories. Imagine their delight - the cupboard was ajar, right? The cupboard was ajar in which they had seen the five-kilo bag coming in and out daily their entire lives and hearing that click and "One day, my friend..." Casing the joint. Yeah, and it didn't click, right. They looked at each other - "Don't say anything till they've gone." "Don't say anything..." "Now is not the moment "to let slip that we can talk." "If we go for the bag while they're in, "they'll shut it away." "Hold it, defer the pleasure, wait till they've gone out." It might've been four hours before we went out. "It's still ajar, it's still ajar." And the moment - you just know it - the moment you've gone out, they're in there. They ate five kilos of dried biscuits between them - there's a golden retriever and an Alsatian - probably in about, I reckon, 40 seconds. I mean, an Alsatian eats unbelievably quickly. And then it looks at you like "That was a good appetizer." "That's it! For 24 hours, that is it." My manager has Pugs and she also has a cat and the cat has a litter tray, which, for some reason, looks appetising to these Pugs. No. Yeah, and probably the best phrase I've heard this year is "What's wrong with you? Who the fuck eats shit?" And if you can imagine the look a Pug gives you - it's like "I eat shit "and I'll be eating this shit and I'll probably do it again." They've spent time counselling these dogs and looking for a deeper issue, but they just like to eat shit, so... Well, my two, when we got home, we had to... We gave them a bowl of water each. They drank about three litres of water each! And then just lay there, bloated, like this. Every inch is used up! "Ahh..." And the water wouldn't have got to the middle bit. Blb, blb, blb... Ohh... God, that would've been vile. They must've been almost turning to powder from the dehydration. No moisture in them at all! Blinding headache, dry pores, their tongue out, cracking tongue... "I thought you'd never come home, you fuck!" "Give us water! We can go in the cupboard, we can't turn the tap on!" Ooh... We used to have cats as well and we had to feed the cats on the worktop. Then she'd wait, the Alsatian would wait until the cats went and then get up and, with his front teeth, get their bowl of food and get it down on the floor - and that took ages, that bit - and then eat it in half a second. And then go back for the next one. But we had one massive cat that weighed a stone called Jingle and the dogs were terrified of it. I bet. It would sit on the table and if one went past, it would put its paw on their head and then go like that. And the dog would go "Oohhhh..." and you'd have to try to release it, but we were all scared of Jingle. Jingle... Jingle, one time, at Christmas, the carcass of the turkey is going in the fridge for the next day, Jingle's seen it go in, not bothered about whether there's a catch - he would lie on his back, get his paws under the fridge door and pull it open. Then, he's on his feet in a flash and he's dragging it and we had a dog flap at the time, a massive flap - until one day we were burgled and then we went back to a cat flap - and he got... Were you burgled or was it Jingle?! Messin' with your mind! Jingle, she got hold of the door and going "This way, lads." "Help yourself." The dog's going "Open the cupboard for us!" "There's a five-kilo bag in there." Jingle style! He's got the carcass out on the floor of the kitchen, dragging it towards the dog flap... It's like Alcatraz, he's this close. And then we came in and he just went into a frenzy. Just went like claws and hair - "Fuck you!" "I found it, it's mine!" "Bog off!" That would've been a plan he'd been working on since the previous Christmas! To be foiled at the last minute! So close! Yeah. He had a car with the motor running! He knew where he was going with it! A frightening animal! He was a stone! He weighed a stone. I love a fat cat. I stood on the scales once and then picked him up and went on them again and went "Jesus!" And then he looked at me like "I'm going to have your eyes out." {\an5}Clang, clang, fight, fight - my mother's crying outside the caravan. Dane Baptiste. Extracurricular activities. Yes. What are they in your world? To me, extracurricular activities are also known as enrichment and they have staff at after-school clubs to keep kids off the streets - # Something, something, urban slogan And my parents as immigrants emphasise education. If they wanted me to do something, they'd say "It's very educational" and I'd end up doing it, so my friends would do stuff like "We're going to play football for various teams in South London, "what are you doing, Dane?" "Oh, I'm going to boys' choir." So that was one fun thing I did. My friends said "We're doing boxing training. What you doing, Dane?" "I'm going on a German exchange." "That's going to be fun." So I went to Aachen, where I met my friend Anna. We're not friends any more. So I went to Germany and I got to do fun things like try Schwarzbrot,... Black bread. ..which is black bread. And tastes as good as it sounds. How long were you there for? A week and after about four days, I started thinking in German, but not enough to learn how to act like I didn't find Schwarzbrot disgusting, must to the dismay of Anna's mother. Had she made it? No... Didn't really ask any questions. The only question I asked was "Oh, my God, what the hell is this?" Didn't make me the best guest. After that, they just left me alone on the floor in the attic. Being on a German exchange and being made to stay in the attic is in very poor taste, but... But there was like a PlayStation there, so... it was fine. But we didn't stay in touch. Can you still speak German? Ein bisschen, ja, aber if du hat fragen zum stellen, ich habe keine Ahnung. What were you saying then? Don't ask me any other questions because... Can you speak German, David? I imagine that you can. Er, well, I did German GCSE. Because you're obsessed with Hitler. I can go... Yes, I'm obsessed with Hitler, but in all war films, it's in English, so... I can say "Gehen Sie hier gerade aus "und nehmen Sie die erste Strasse links." {\an1}Go straight and take the first left. I did German A level. You can speak German as well? I did it a year early as well, in 2009! They didn't even have their own currency by then! That's not the Germany we mean. This modern European country, all unified and nice. Yeah, so German was another extracurricular activity. And then, when everyone was like "Boxing was fun, "now let's go and meet girls and go out to house parties." "What are you going to do, Dane?" "I'm going to join the Cub Scouts." Come on. That's... Come on. Yeah, so... Do the promise. Akela, we will do our best. Did you get badges? I got badges. I got one for knots, for doing a reef knot and a highwayman's hitch. That's was one. And then some stuff for hiking, sewing, communication for Morse code... Cool. That was a good one. That's impressive. Can't remember it. Speaks German, does Morse... Nobody will suspect at all! "Let's send him deep undercover." "Way, way undercover." I don't even need to look at you, I know you were a Cub. I just know... I just know you were a Cub. I was not a Cub. Shut up! You've got woggle written all over you! No, I never joined any of those paramilitary organisations. Which is exactly what they are. Do you hate it still or do you get a bit of a giggle out of it now? Erm... No, I still hate it, I think. Ahh! I mean, the tuck shop was good, but, yeah, a bivouac... Bivouacs are not, they're not practical. All the stuff Bear Grylls does now, I've tried it, guys, it's not worth it. I've just realised that "bivouac" is a word I've heard many times and I don't know what it means. It's a shelter you make from things you find. Oh, if you don't even have a tent?! Well, so... This is sub-tent. Yeah, if you don't have a tent, we'd do what's called a Wayfarer's hike and it's jumping over stiles and walking through the country at night and then you build a bivouac and stay there for a couple of hours and you find a tree, put twigs up against it... {\an1}Like fucking Eeyore essentially. You're reduced to Eeyore levels of dwelling. If you go camping and you haven't got a tent, that's a result because you can go home. That's the universal note from your mother. Camping requires a tent. I'd have loved building a shelter. I was always building dens. Oh, it's fun to build one, but when you know you have to stay in one, it justs adds an extra peril to the whole thing. {\an1}Even today, very few builders live in the buildings they've built. They're aware there are flaws, things are going to go wrong, they want to get away from it. Don't want to have to live with plumbling you've installed, do you? When you were traumatised by a crustacean? I was four years old and it was not in a tent, but in a static caravan. It was a big deal for my parents. We were going on holiday to France at a point when the exchange rate between the pound and the franc was extremely poor, as were my parents anyway at that point in their lives. So we went to Brittany to stay in a static caravan on a campsite and to eat tinned food we'd brought from Britain. And you don't really get the best out of France doing that. But my parents, as a special treat to themselves, they decided to have a lobster, to cook their own lobster in the caravan. A live one? That's the only way... You can buy them tinned or alive. That's the two ways. So it was alive and they didn't know what to do because you can't eat them alive. You could try, but that's not recommended, even by the French. Erm, so they asked the French couple in the caravan next door what to do and I don't know what was actually said on either side, but what my parents came away with was that the way to cook a lobster was to put it in a pan of cold water and slowly bring it to the boil. Anyway, it doesn't go any better than you'd expect because... I mean, I was just a tiny four-year-old watching this and the lobster was the most terrifying object I'd ever seen. I felt no sympathy for it, it wasn't like boiling a rabbit alive. This thing was clearly evil. And you look at a lobster - they're definitely evil. If the lobsters were this size and we were that size, they'd be even nastier to us. Boiling alive would be a relief compared to what those monsters would do to us with their claws. But anyway, my parents put this lobster in the pan of cold water and the lobster, having been distressed by the way its life was going, thinks "This is a slight improvement - "I'm back in water." So the lobster chills out slightly, starts to enjoy life, and then, as the effect of the heat on the pan builds up, it starts to sense that something is wrong. And then... Well, essentially, after not very long, it starts to massively freak out. People say that what can happen with cooking lobster like that is it sort of gets lulled into a trance state. This did not occur. And so the water is getting hotter and hotter and the lobster is going "What the fuck is this?!" and making an extremely enthusiastic bid for freedom, as well it might. And so it's trying to... Is there a lid on? Well, sort of. Not initially. My dad is trying to put a lid on, my mum has run out of the caravan. My dad is holding this lid over the lobster that's essentially drumming on it from the underside. I'm standing in the sort of sitting-room bit of the caravan, watching my dad fight a monster in a pan. Every so often, I can see a boiling, steaming claw emerge over the side. There's a splatter of hot water everywhere. I remember a little splat of boiling water hitting my knee - that's my moment of "The lobster is coming for me." And it rattles around - clang, clang, clang, fight, fight, fight, my mother's crying outside and that's my last memory of it. But, I mean, my dad did win. You know, my dad is still alive, the lobster isn't. In fact, the lobster died very soon thereafter, in time for dinner. And they said that lobster tasted very nice, but I felt they had to follow through on it having been worth it. Your mum with tears running down her face - "It tastes delicious!" It was really... You know, it was a really harrowing experience. But what's odd is that I felt... It's very unfair on animals, really, that some of them look sympathetic and some of them absolutely don't and the mammals and the birds you feel are broadly on your side, even though many of them really aren't, and crustaceans, insects, that sort of thing, are more like monsters... {\an3}It's the eyes, I think. If the eyes are on stalks, it's impossible to feel that... Or the weird compound eyes that insects have as well. I think it's the context. If you can look something in the eye and it can plead for its life, it's harder to kill it as opposed to when it's a fly, it's like "Ahh..." The main reason that I felt it was a bad idea to kill this lobster was that it or its colleagues might extract revenge. They'd come for you. Absolutely. I was at a Japanese restaurant where the chefs were on show and they'd got some good knife work and they're putting together sushi and it's all great and then you heard some heavy cleaver action and I looked round and they were chopping lobsters in half, put it on its back and they go "Schum!", like that, and I sat there, frozen in my seat, because you could see it still... The two halves were doing this,... Like cutting a chicken's head off. ..saying "My brothers will come for you!" {\an5}Some of you may not be convinced. Look at the Pringles man, {\an5}then look at Hitler... When I went to university, when I was applying for university, I really wanted to go to Cambridge because I wanted to be in Footlights and I'd heard these stories that when you interview at Oxbridge, they ask these weird questions and you have to be all clever about it and someone told me about someone going to an interview and them saying "Throw that chair out of the window" and if you did it without opening the window, then you didn't get in, but if you opened the window first, then you did get in. And all those weird stories of like... I think I might've thrown it through the glass. Yeah, because you think "I'll throw it through the glass." And that test question where it says "What is bravery?" and somebody just writes "This is" and they don't write anything else and they always get into Cambridge. So I'd heard all these stories about what you had to do in interviews and I was applying to do English and they asked me "Do you think that all literature is subjective?" and I didn't, but I thought "Got to be controversial", so I said "Yes" and they were completely unimpressed and they were like "So you think that Shakespeare "is of the same level as a really rubbish, trashy novel?" and I was like "Yes, exactly "because, if you've been through the same issues as the character, "you can relate and then that's great literature" and they were like "No, you're wrong." It was a bad interview. And then, at the end, I went to leave and I went to open the door, but accidentally opened the cupboard and then I was like... You found several other candidates. I did think, I was like "Maybe just stick with your instincts "and wait here for a moment" and I thought "I'll just wait here in this cupboard "and then I'll get out" and then I heard her go "It's the other door" and I was like "Just make it clear, then, if it's the other door "and not put the word "Exit" on the cupboard", which she didn't do, but it felt like she had... The problem with the "staying in the cupboard" plan is it relies on the person interviewing you not knowing the way out of the room. Well, if she'd gone out the right way, I could've gone out after her. Yes, but what I'm saying is that when she sees you get in the cupboard... She couldn't see that because of the way the room was. I just went... It was round the corner? Oh, right. And I was like "I've foiled her, "I've gotten away with it at the last second", but I hadn't. So if she'd left before you, you could've come out of the cupboard and been like the professor... "The tables have turned!" You'd've been in possession... "Who's to say I'm not the expert?" "Here am I behind the desk with all the books - "maybe I'm interviewing YOU!" "Now, throw that chair out of the window." So where did you end up going? Loughborough University. And what was the interview like? No interview. No interview! Straight offer. Nice. There used to be a Saturday stand-up gig at Loughborough University. Really? You know when I think I played it? 1990, Lolly. OK, OK, OK. 20 years before I was born. On a good night, how many gigs would you do, on a weekend? Because it's a hard job, comedying. Well, if you're in London, I would probably do the Comedy Store at eight, then go to Jongleurs in Battersea or Camden, do two shows there, then back for the late show at the Store about two. I was obsessed with doing gigs and I wanted to do a gig every night as many as you could. I had no social life. Yeah, but your social life is work. Do you feel the same? Are you working that hard too? Yeah, if you're from London, you'll be gigging in the sticks in the week or doing new-material nights and then, from Thursday to Sunday, you're doing most gigs and double up sometimes on Saturdays so you'd be doing most of the week. And that's why my girlfriend dumped me. But look at me now! Drinking drinks I haven't stolen, wherever you are, lady. So I'm doing well for myself. On the weekends, a lot of the time you're doing chain clubs - your Jongleurs, your Comedy Store that have more than one location - and for some reason, many people, if they go on domestic stag dos, they're like "We've had a lot of Jagermeister "and Red Bull and cocaine, "so here's a good idea - let's all sit still for three hours." Yeah, bloody hell. I know the Royal Opera House has a real problem with that. {\an3}Absolutely mental, yeah! Sopran-o! Sopran-o! So I was doing a gig in Bristol, which is a lovely city, but I tend to not use the rest rooms in the proximity of my other acts out of respect. Like a cat, I'll find a litter tray - AKA the toilet the punters use - and I'll go there and then you get to eavesdrop on the conversations that your guests are having and normally it's stuff like "I'm fucking funny, I'm at a comedy club, let's go to a brothel!" So this particular night... They sound lovely, don't they? I'm staying in this weekend! About 14 of them, all had black polos with the Scarface emblem on it and they're like "I'm wired, I've had how many fucking lines?" "I'm going to terrorise them. I'm the funny one, aren't I, Tel?" So... And I'm like "It's my target audience, it's going to be amazing." So the first act goes on and they're not being very good, so he starts lashing out at this guy for being ginger and he's nice and he's on a stag do too, but a very reserved one and so we lose them, then he leaves and then the crowd have lost trust in everyone because this stag do - about 15 guys - are holding the room hostage, so I go on and this guy starts taking drink orders and stuff so I'm like "What's your problem?", he's like "I'm going for a drink." "Are you the best man?" "No." "Wonder why?" So... that's him. And this other guy's like "Mate, where are you from? The ghetto?" and he starts giving these slightly bigoted comments, so I kind of ignore it at first and I'm starting to get a rhythm and he goes on, so I'm like "Who are you?" He's like "I'll show ya, I'll show ya. Lads, lads, lads..." and he's got a polo which says "Sperm donor, ladies", but he, in this era of autocorrect, has spelt "sperm doner"... ..instead of "sperm donor". So while he's... Delicious! Exactly. Yeah. So essentially it's a cum kebab. DAVID: Special sauce is already on it. So he's done a 180 now, he's like "Yeah, look at this" and I'm like "I feel bad for anyone in your family that needs a kidney." He's like "I'll take care of this." And by the time he's turned around, he is the object of ridicule for the entire room and there's nothing worse than a stag hearing his friend go "Fuck, he's got you there, mate." Did you just jog to the next gig? No, I stood, I was like... Cue "Why don't you go back to..." I was like "It's too late." The security show up and then he's leaving and his friends are like "I'm really sorry." "I feel sorry for you, don't worry." It's going to be an awkward conversation at that brothel. So they leave and people are like "Now we can enjoy the night again", but, yeah, stag dos are always a point... They can make or break a night. The thing is comedy is a very specific art form. It's quite a popular art form, but going to see comedy is a specific thing to do, but people treat it as "Well, we can have comedy in that corner, art in that corner..." And people aren't aware we do gigs. They're just talking - "Can I help you guys?" "Just taking orders for dessert. Anyway..." {\an1}Any performance art is going to be absolutely shat on by pudding. We've got nothing - film, comedy, theatre, ballet, opera - none of them have a chance against food. I mean, I'm good. I'm good, but I'm not trifle good. It is time to draw this to a close. Really? Yes, because these people have to go home! Some are wishing they had gone already. But we need a title, so any suggestions will be gratefully received. I'd like to mention the word "Jingle". So we could have We Were All Shit-Scared Of Jingle. Hitler And Pringles was a favourite of mine. Applicable as well because you should learn about history and also Pringles are kind of a homogenous snack, so they would work with Hitler. Because they were all very similar in appearance. What?! Pringles... All Pringles... look alike. Like most potato snacks, they're sliced and fried, but the thing about Pringles, they're almost genetically bred to be completely identical. Aryan. Ohh... So of all the crisps, Pringles are the ones Hitler would most approve of because of their... their uniformity. I'm sure Pringles' marketing team will be fine with that being on TV. Now, some of you may not be convinced - look at the Pringles man, then look at Hitler... You think the Pringles man... After the war, when Hitler escaped, he just grew his moustache a bit longer... And started slicing potatoes in a very uniform way. His ideology survives in snacks and he allegedly has assumed a new identity by extending his moustache. The pieces all fit, people. You heard it here. We can put Hitler in the title and not cause offence, but we'd get our arses sued by the Pringle corporation. Well, Hitler And Jingle, then, because it's nearly Pringle! Anyway, we are going to leave you, so please will you thank my guests - Lolly Adefope,... ..David Mitchell, Liza Tarbuck... ..and Dane Baptiste. And you have been watching Hitler And Jingle. Thank you very much. Subtitles by Ericsson 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 