Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e5 - That's a Lie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 5 - That's a Lie - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}ALAN DAVIES AS YET UNTITLED 05 CTO M915H/82 BF000000 All right? Hello. I'm Steve Pemberton and I'm ready to have a nice chat with some new friends. A bit nervous about this blazer, because I normally go for a 44, and I've gone for a 46 and I feel like it's too roomy. Come on! Whoa! Jesus Christ! {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello. I'm Alan Davies and this is As Yet Untitled - a television programme that we make here, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 where people just sit about chatting and drinking. No, it's not just that. They have to come up with a title. They are delightfully funny and hilarious throughout and at the end, we come up with something fit for the TV Times. Other listings magazines are of course available. In order to come up with a title, I need my guests, so please will you welcome them. {\an1}APPLAUSE Here they are. Here they are. Hello. Welcome. Romesh Ranganathan is here. Romesh will never again mix Indian cuisine and freestyle rap. Romesh Ranganathan is here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 {\an1}APPLAUSE Bill Bailey is here. Bill Bailey, who recently triggered a conflict in the Balkans and had his difficulties with latex. Bill Bailey is here. {\an1}APPLAUSE Steve Pemberton. Welcome. Steve, who has witnessed one of Peter O'Toole's finest performances. {\an1}APPLAUSE Welcome, Steve. And Diane Morgan. Welcome, Diane. Diane Morgan, who wonders if flashing has gone out of fashion. {\an1}APPLAUSE Is that because you've seen less flashing than you used to? Yes, it's definitely gone down, yeah. I think it's cos of the internet, isn't it? Yeah. Were you flashed a lot as a child? Well, not... Three times. Oh, three. Were you? Yeah. Three different perpetrators? Perps. Yeah. One... Not like that? Well, actually, yeah. I imagine diminishing returns. On the third time, you're like, "All right, mate, I've seen the act. Move it on." Well, to be honest, one of them was on a bicycle. A drive-by flashing? Yeah. Wow! Yeah a flash and dash. Well, a ride-by. Yeah. And so he would... I was walking through a park and he was on a bicycle and then he rode passed me, stopped, dropped his trousers, and then I just stopped and watched him. What about the bike? Did he prop it up against something? He held it. He held the bike? That's quite tricky to take your trousers off and hold a bike. You don't want to be wearing a long shirt. Cos if you pull your trousers down, then the business area is just covered by the shirt. You've got to wear a crop-top. You've just got the little tip of your penis on show. It was a T-shirt. He'd thought it through. Yeah, but you've got to have a short T-shirt. Yeah, exactly. Or a massive cock. Yeah. Congratulations. I wore a night-dress. It wasn't a problem at all. One of them, I was at a bus stop in Manchester, and this bloke came up to me and he had the classic trench mac. You know, old school. Yeah. He came up to me, opened the mac, and I just stood there. And he said "Well, say something." Really? Yeah. He wanted a review? What are you supposed to say? One star. Yeah. I was tempted to ask him what time the number 8 turns up. But I didn't bother. And were they in a state of arousal, these men? This is really weird. This is like I'm in a police station or something. Answer the question! One was. One was. The bicycle man wasn't. Happy now? What about the third one? Tell me about the third one. Oh, the third one, that was at school. He used to just stand. He was well-known. He would just stand in the bushes every lunch time. And the girls would, on their lunch, would throw hot chips at his genitals. So you had a spate of these incidents... Mmm. ..when you were younger, but in recent years, less flashing. Yeah, it stopped in the last few years. I've had nothing. Well, I think you're probably right. About what? I've heard of less flashing reports. I think it was a thing that was very, very popular in the post-war years. Oh, good. I thought it might be just me. No, I think in the 21st century, I think you're quite right. Previously, people were out and about behaving oddly and now they just do it in front of their computers. Yeah. It's a weird thing to get nostalgic about. I've heard people say Wagon Wheels aren't as big as they used to be, but people aren't flashing as much as they used to?! Modern times - it's a nightmare! I think it's social networking. What a shame! Now, your days at freestyle rap, are they ongoing? I mean, you do like a rap, don't you? Love a rap, mate. Who doesn't? So what happened when you mixed Indian cuisine with the rap? What could possibly go wrong? So basically, what happened was I entered this... There's this big nationwide rap battle competition called Battle Scars, and I'd been getting some heat in Horsham for some of the mix tapes I'd been putting out. And I sort of fancied my chances at doing this competition, so what you have to do... Is heat a good thing? Yeah, just sort of heat, buzz. People saying, "Have you seen this guy Ranga?" That was my rap name. "Apparently he's spitting some bare bars and that." So I ended up doing this big battle thing at the Scala in King's Cross. It was terrifying, like, really frightening. It's a big venue. Big venue, yeah. I mean, it wasn't just me. It was like a big battle, like 8 Mile. It was like that. I love 8 Mile. Yeah, it's good isn't it? So the first round, you just go up and do your best bar-spitting, and they knock out half the people based on that. They just go, "No, mate." The next round was just like 8 Mile, where there's two of you. This guy has a go at you. You have two turns. And you're improvising your...? Yeah, but I got through. Now, the final was three people on stage at the same time, and I'd sort of... The other two guys could actually do it and I'd fluked my way to the final. I was starting to have a bit of a panic attack. I was thinking, "This is not going to go well." And I'd run out of... My brain had... I was so nervous, I'd run out of stuff and then I said... Basically the line I said got me kicked out the competition. Immediately the crowd went, "Noooo! Booooo! Get him off!" I said, "Here I am, rocking the King's Cross Scala "You can't deal with the heat of my chicken tikka masala." Now, there's a number of issues with that. First of all, why am I a chicken tikka masala? That's the first thing. Second, chicken tikka masala - the weakest of all curries. In the world. Jalfrezi. Madras, even. A phaal? If I'd have said phaal... Mate, he would have been merked, bruv. But I said "chicken tikka masala". As soon as I said that, the crowd started throwing stuff at the stage and that was it. That was the last time I ever did it. It was horrible. And you've never rapped since? No, this is how bad it was. I destroyed the recordings. I didn't even want to keep them for posterity. I don't want anybody ever listening to them. You didn't even post them online? No, absolutely not. I've got children. I don't want them hearing this and then not loving me any more. Do you ever do sort of rap songs on karaoke? Well, they do... It flashes by so quickly. I haven't done it, but I know they do have hip-hop karaoke events. I've heard it's good fun. Karaoke. Do you like karaoke? Uh, no. I, uh... No. I've tried. I mean, I've been in that situation, but like you, I find that the words go past too fast. Most of the time, doing that, just peering at a screen and... "Stop! Slow down!" It's just not a very good look, and I tend not to. If I know the song, maybe. But often you think you know a song, but you get up there... Cos we do a lot of it in Benidorm, obviously filming out there, every single bar's got a karaoke machine. Of course. And I've had so many disasters over the years, trying to do, "Where do you go to my, lovely?" Which is about an 18-minute song and I know the first three words of it. But I love a bit of karaoke. I think if everyone's on board and everyone's enjoying it. And in fact, the most boring karaoke is people who are good singers. Then you may as well be on a cruise ship. The best ones are when it's some old geezer who's well out of tune, his false teeth fall out, which I did see once in Benidorm. You're on to a winner there. It is when people think they've nailed the song. I saw someone I knew get up and he did What's Going On? by Marvin Gaye, with his eyes closed. Really seriously, and out of tune and you thought it's never going to end and you couldn't even signal to him, "Get off!" It's a joy to watch. There's this fantastic one, which has become a kind of theme in our family. There's this clip of a woman, and she's from, I don't know, Eastern Europe somewhere, and she's trying to sing Mariah Carey... # I can't live If living is without you... # And she hasn't learnt the words, but she's just mimicked phonetically what she thinks that Mariah Carey's singing, so what she ends up singing is # I can't leeee Eee libby dibby dout you # I can't leeee Eee lee be dee boo... # And it's just gibberish. It's fantastic! # I CAN'T LEEEE... # She goes for it! It's fantastic. That sounds all right. It's all right, yeah. {\an8}He's more scared of going to the dentist {\an8}than using a soldering iron on his face. I'm quite interested in people who did jobs before they did comedy. You have a colourful employment record. I had so many jobs, it's unbelievable. Quite a good one was a dental nurse. I was a dental nurse. This is back in the day when you didn't have to train to be a dental nurse. You learnt on the job. So I got this job, but I was terrible, cos I wasn't interested in teeth, obviously. And I would just get bored and start looking out the window. And my job was just to sit there with the aspirator - you know... SUCKING NOISES I didn't know what it was called. That's great. Aspirator. Thank you. There you go. I thought it was just the dribble-sucker or something. So I was staring out the window one day with the thing and the dentist shouted, "Aspirator! Aspirator!" So I came to, shoved it in this patient's mouth and knocked their front tooth out. They'd got a cap, and I knocked it off and it was lying in the middle of their tongue, and the dentist looked at me like to say, "You...!" Was that the tooth that was being worked on? No, it was a different tooth. But he got it and glued it back on without him even knowing. Well, it sounds like it wasn't fitted properly in the first place. Well, exactly. You know, an aspirator's just a little thing. He's just insecure he's done it in a crap way. There was one guy who came in so scared that he'd done his own teeth using a soldering iron and copper sulphate. And they'd gone green... Is it verdigris? Yeah, green. Verdigris. Yeah, they'd gone green. He's what? Put a filling in? He was more scared of going to the dentist than using a soldering iron on his face. That's quite difficult. You should have one of those masks on. Yeah. Just keep flipping it up and down, "Oh, bloody hell, this is a nightmare!" In the mirror as well, cos you can never know where you're going in the mirror as well. Oh, that's tricky, isn't it? Yeah. I knocked my two front teeth out when I was 11. You know tuck-shop dinner? When you spend all your dinner money going into the tuck-shop. And I fell over this girder - smack! - and these two teeth were out. Cos you're 11 and your teeth are still growing, they wouldn't sort of fully... One of them was alive and one of them was dead. So I had a dentist who was about 98 and he had very, very old-fashioned, sort of mediaeval methods and he used to get this little cocktail stick and just push it up into the live nerve. With no... What's it called when you deaden it? Anaesthetic. Thank you. You should have known that. I should have. I'm surprised you lasted that long. And so I had to go... Was he laughing while he was doing this, in a sort of slightly maniacal way? German accent. "Is it safe?" Every two weeks, I had to get... You're bringing it back now! I had to go... My grandma lived two doors down, and she used to be ready with... She could hear me screaming two doors down. So this cocktail stick going in and, "I'm just releasing the pressure." What was he doing? It was releasing the pressure that built up in my gum, cos it was alive... I don't know! He didn't know what he was doing. And then his daughter took over and she was new-fangled and modern. She got this big corkscrew contraption and said, "Steven, I'm going to do this only once. It's going to hurt like hell, "but it'll be just a one-time thing." And she started going... Like I was a bottle of red, and then uncorked it and then this stink... You must have experienced that. Yeah. But then that did sort it out. So it was infected in there and all rotten and pus-y? Yeah. That's going to make the cut, isn't it? Looked a bit like this, actually. Brilliant! I can't drink those now, can I? It's so haphazard. I remember getting this treatment and it was some sort of special teeth cleansing, and the dentist was quite a cool... He was very laid-back, from South Africa. And he goes, "I'm going to try this new treatment. "Just put your face into the clamp." And he clamped my mouth open, like this. So I had this sort of slightly kind of manic smile and I couldn't move my mouth - it was held in a clamp. And I was lying back like this and he goes, "Right, I'm just going to see how that's worked out." And he looked in and went, "Oh." And then he got his dental assistant over, and he goes, "Look at this." She looked over and the two of them were going, "Oh. Uh..." And he went off and faffed around with something, and I'm thinking, "He's going to sort this out." And he came back with a camera. And he went, "Oh!" And then I was going... And he goes, "No, it's not done that before. This is new." My gums had gone white. That's what happened - my whole teeth had gone white, then my gums had gone white. I looked like Skeletor. It was just terrifying. How long did that last for? I don't know. It lasted a couple of days. You know, I stayed indoors. Didn't smile at anyone. "How are you, Bill?" "Yeah, fine." Does this tie in with your latex issues? No, and nothing to do with that... at all. Promise? No, it doesn't. The latex issue is... I was doing a gig, and it was a rock festival, Knebworth. It's a big rock arena and I was headlining a metal festival and it's called Sonisphere, and the metal acts are on. So there's like Megadeth and Metallica and all that. You love a metal act. I love a metal act. Oh, God, yeah! I was on before Slipknot, right? Now, I don't know if you're familiar with Slipknot, but they all wear masks. They wear these masks, and that's their thing and it always has been and they all subsume their personalities within the costume. That's their rationale, anyway. They all wear boiler suits with numbers on them. And they all wear these outlandish rubber masks. So I thought, you know, as a tribute to Slipknot, I'd get a mask made, but of myself. So I come out as me, but it's actually a latex mask of me and then I sort of go, "Wahey! You see - it's me!" And so having one of these things done. You've probably had these things done. When you get a full latex cast on your face, it's quite a sort of scary, claustrophobic thing, because they put two little straws up your nose, so you don't die, and then you breathe through these things and they just pack your face with plaster of Paris, so you get this cast and then from the cast, they make a mask. And they put some hair on it. I had an earring at the time... It must be nice to get your hair back. It was. It was lovely, yeah. I said, "Could you put a little bit more on there'?" A really wavy coiffure, like Cary Grant. Like you were 19. Yeah, like when I was 19. Still got it! And so I had this thing made, and the idea was that I'd come on stage with a cape on with my own face done in latex, with a guitar. But when we got down to it, the cape went on and then the guitar went on and I was going, "No, no!" Cos I've got to take the cape off. But all this was done with a mask on my face. And the thing was, what I didn't realise was, they hadn't planned for me to be able to talk with this mask on. So it's really tight against my mouth, like this. I couldn't speak. So I was behind the Marshall amps, the music was playing... I had this intro music which was... "Unleash the dogs of rock! There was all these dogs... HE HOWLS ..like this. And it was deafening, and there was lots of smoke and dry ice behind this thing, and I was stuck there going, MUFFLED: "I can't... The guitar has to go on under the cape!" And eventually he went, "Oh, the guitar! Oh, right." So we went and fixed it like that. I opened, I came out, then big roar, all the crowd going... I came up to the microphone... MUFFLED: "Good evening!" It was mortifying! But I have got a present for you. I have got the very mask here to show you. Wow! Right, I'll just bring it... I'll reveal it. Right, there we go. Oh, God! Oh, it's like Michael Myers. Oh, that is weird. It's pretty scary. Is it easy to get on? Can you get it on? I'll try, yes, cos there's a bit of Velcro at the back. Hang on a minute. I've just got to take this... I don't know whose head that it. Hang on, I'll show you the problem. Right. Wow! Oh! Oh, that's too weird for words! That's horrible! MUFFLED: The problem is, you see... Good evening! Good evening, Sonisphere! 60,000 people going, "What?! "What is he saying?" Anyway, so... Let's have a go with it. You wanna have a go? I think... It's the creepiest imaginable thing. It is quite creepy, yeah. Well, after the gig, my son put it on, and he was eight at the time, and he was running around backstage and all these metalheads were absolutely terrified. Hold on, hold on! No, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on! A quiff of hair. No, no. That's it, there we go. That's better. Hang on. Oh, God! {\an1}LAUGHTER Right. That's it. It's like Lord of The Rings gone bad. Where's the eyes? Oh, there we go, that's it. No. That is awful. Is it like looking in a mirror for you? It is, yeah. It is, exactly. Do you feel like you're looking at yourself? Yeah, well, uh, not right now. No. It is quite terrifying, yeah. Quite closely fitting. It is very closely fitting, yeah. It's loosened up a bit now, cos the back's pulled out, but when it's all tight in like that you can't... Yeah. Yeah, I think it's time we had an interval. Do you want to thank my guests? {\an8}God, I heard straining, I heard barking. I heard... {\an8}Barking?! ..air escaping. Now, I want to know about Peter O'Toole. Aw, Peter O'Toole. God bless him. You saw one of his finest performances. Well, I was in a film of Lassie with him. I played the lead. Wahey! OK, OK. The lead! No. Very good. I was playing his... He was the duke who buys the dog. You know, faithful to the book, and I was his evil dog groomer, who sort of beats Lassie with a belt. Anyway, we got on great. He was an absolutely lovely man. You can imagine on your first day filming, seeing him walk towards you and I was quaking in my boots. He's just such a legend. But he was lovely. He just put everyone at their ease. But one day we were filming on a railway station, on a platform. There was nowhere for us to sit other than chairs on the platform, which was fine, but he had a bit of a sort of Hollywood moment and he said, "This is totally ridiculous! "We've got actors here. Steve is here sitting on a platform "and I demand a trailer!" So he got his trailer moved. Took about two hours to move it adjacent to the station, and he disappeared into his trailer. It was just like a little caravan, essentially. I was quite happy sat on the platform and then his PA came over and said, "Peter said do go and join him in his trailer." I said, 'No, it's OK. I'm all right." He said, "No, no. Do go." I think he'd made such a big deal about bringing this trailer down, so I thought, "Oh, God, I may as well." So I went in and opened the door. There was nobody there. So I sat down and I realised he was on the toilet. Now, these trailers have walls about this... Well, as thin as my hand. So imagine you were Peter O'Toole and I'm me, and it wasn't one of those nice easy evacuations. God! That comes out without trouble, that slips out and no wiping is necessary. He didn't know I was there, of course, so he was... It's a strainer. Was he straining? God, I heard straining, I heard barking. I heard... Barking?! ..air escaping. Solids hit solids. So I kind of sat there and thought, "Oh, shit!" I'm literally... I'm literally about 18 inches away from Peter O'Toole doing a massive poo. Peter O'Stoole! Peter O'Stoole - there you go. And so I thought, I'll just tiptoe out so he never knows, so we don't have that embarrassment. So I was kind of tiptoeing through and I just sort of opened the door and then his agent arrived and said, "Oh, hello! Are you his PA?" And I kind of went, "Yeah." I don't know why - I just lied. I was so embarrassed. And the two of us sat there making sort of chit-chat and then Peter came out and he absolutely didn't give a toss. He didn't give a shit, I was going to say. But that's what I really admired about him. He knew eventually we'd been there and heard that, but there are some things that should be private. Maybe he quite liked being overheard. Maybe it's the equivalent of flashing. Maybe it helped him. "I'm going to have a shit - get that boy Pemberton to come in." "I'm going to make it a real... OK, few minutes. "Here we go. Right, has he sat down now? Here we go!" Barking? He was barking? I didn't know whether this was particular to the film Lassie or he did it all the time, but you know some actors like to psych themselves up. He shits in character. He would... Was he shitting as Lassie? Wiping his feet afterwards. Dragging his bum along the floor. He would kind of... When he was getting himself ready for a scene would... HE BARKS And I didn't know if he took that on and did that in The Lion In Winter or... Florence Of Arabia, I was going to say. But no, he was, and I don't want to besmirch the man, he was absolutely lovely and a real legend. Did he tell you any good sharable anecdotes? What was amazing was Jemma Redgrave was in the film as well, so of course you had that huge dynasty of the Redgraves and so I was just like a sort of... It was like my little Jackanory. You had all these great actors with such a long history. I'm just a lad from Chorley. No-one else in my family's ever done this, so I kind of sat there quite meekly. But, yeah, there were amazing stories, amazing stories. But he was genuinely inclusive. He brought everyone into his story and I think that's the great skill. He was a bit too inclusive in the end. He shared it all. He's giving you costumes. But Reece had a similar thing with Mystic Meg. I'll tell you what... I'll tell you something about her. She can squeeze out a shit, mate, don't you worry about that. Oh, my God! Mystic Meg? Yeah, they were in an hotel. They were filming something and they had to share a hotel room. I don't know! But he was sitting on a bed listening to Mystic Meg force one out, and, you know... "I sense something!" "This is going to be a big one." "I can sense something big's coming. I can sense it. "Yes. There's a great disturbance in the force." "I believe no-one should go in the room for 45 minutes after." "I predict a time when this room will be intolerable." Have you never pooed or weed next to someone famous, guys? Um... There's got to be. Let's have a think. Well, um, no, I can't. No, I had one of those trailers when I was working and I pooed in it and it wouldn't flush. And the thing was up to the brim. Oh, no. And what had happened was, it's a removable thing, you know, and they'd put it back in wrongly. Oh, no! And it was blocked up. They weren't channelling other people's up into your one? No! It was blocked up. I did everything I could. I mean, I was in with my hands in it. Because I didn't want... I knew that somebody else at the end of the day was going in to clean up this trailer for whoever was going to be in it the next day. I can't remember if it was me or not. Romesh looks really pained. And I came out, and I had to say to them, cos all the unit drivers who get all the vehicles around, they're there ridiculous hours. They're there all the time. You get to know them all. "Sorry, lads, I've absolutely filled that bog. "I've tried everything I can, "but I now absolutely stink and I've got to go on set." So what happened? Did you manage to do anything with it? Well, one of them went in and then he came out and said, "Don't worry about it, Alan, it's not your fault. "He's installed it incorrectly. We're very sorry." And I was, "Is there anything I can do?" "No, no, no, we'll sort it out." He almost said, "Don't worry your pretty little head about it." What I find in a male toilet, in the urinals, people lining up... I always feel slightly self-conscious in those situations. It's always slightly awkward. I remember when I was in the BBC in one of the toilets. I walked in and there was a bloke standing at the urinal, but he was standing with both his hands on his hips. {\an1}LAUGHTER That's confidence. Like that. It really, really unnerved me, you know, cos I was thinking...how? You know, that's a skill. How is he...? What's going on? He was there for ages. No hands. Hands-free. Hands on hips, confident, looking around like this. Is it going to go everywhere? Surely there's a risk. Well, it turned out he was maintenance and he was just checking something. Like that, on the wall. Well, I couldn't go. Oh, no, I can't. Can't compete with that. No, you can't, no. Every now and then, you do catch a glimpse of someone with an absolutely massive member. Yep. Do you? Really? And you can't really... We're not going to agree with that one. No, no, no. What, like in the mirror? Sometimes people undo their belt and do all the buttons undone, just to do a wee. They don't poke it through their fly. Do you poke it through? Yes! Oh, shit! I have genuinely never poked through. You undo the whole lot? Yeah, I like to sort of make it an occasion. Give it an airing. Sort of, here we go, undoing the buttons. Anyway, one of my favourite Peter O'Toole stories is the story him and Richard Harris doing a play and they got drunk. And Richard Harris went on first and he went on to the stage and then he nearly fell off the front of the stage, and a woman in the stalls said, "Harris is drunk!" And he said "If you think I'm drunk, wait till you see O'Toole." But there's another story about he went to see... He was out drinking with a friend and then he said, "Let's go to the theatre." So they go to the theatre and they sit in the stalls for a matinee and they're watching the play and then he says to his friend, "Watch this. This is a good bit. This is where I come in." "Oh, shit!" And he'd taken him into the show that he was in. He got himself muddled up. He went to the theatre - he just went in the auditorium. Yeah, that's genius. Yeah, that's a pretty good effort. So, Bill, how have you managed to trigger a conflict in the Balkans? Right. Well...these things get out of hand. I was doing a tour of Europe, last year, actually. And Europe has now opened up to comedy, British comedy. You're doing your regular show? My show on tour. In the English language? In the English language and, you know, hitherto parts of Europe would be off-limits to English-speaking comedy. But now there's an enormous appetite for it, and I guess what it is, it's a lot of people watching it on YouTube. YouTube's been around ten years, so comedy's available, people are watching it. And now there's a younger generation grown up and now they've become... They've got jobs, they've got disposable incomes and they want to see the real thing. They don't want to see it subtitled or they don't want to see the home-grown comedy, which isn't quite as developed as British comedy is. They want to see the real deal in English. Anyway, so I was doing a tour of the Baltic states. I did a gig in Latvia, in Lithuania and all these kind of places, and I did a gig in Estonia. So when it says on my card here that you triggered a conflict in the Balkans... It was actually in the Baltics? In the Baltics, yes. So Bill, tell me about this conflict you triggered recently in the Baltics. The Balkans. Oh, yes, I will do it now. So it's kind of a place of great energy, you know - new business and things and thoughts, and people really want to see new things. And I did a gig in Tartu, which is of course, as you know, Estonia's second city. Of course you knew that. Yeah, I knew that. Course you knew that. It's Tallinn - who doesn't know that? What sort of idiot doesn't know that? God. What sort of mug do you take me for? Yeah, yeah. So there's the main one, Tallinn, the capital, and there's Tartu, which is the Eastern capital. Anyway, I do this gig and it was in a relatively old theatre-cum-concert hall. Anyway, thing is, I started out doing my show and they had not had any British comedy there much there at all, and so they didn't really know what to expect, so there was a lot of people with their arms crossed and their coats on as well, cos it was a bit chilly in this venue. And I was trying everything to get them warm up a bit, asking them questions. In fact, every time I ask them a question, the temperature would sort of drop in the room even more like, "Grrr! Don't ask me that question!" And of course after the fact, I realised what this was about. Up until 1991, cultural conversations... If you said to somebody, "I was listening to Rolling Stones on the radio", you could be carted off by the secret police. And so people were not really forthcoming at all in any way. Like, they didn't want to tell me anything. "What kind of music do you like?" "Um...what is music?" Like, "I don't know. I don't listen to music. "Just don't look at me!" It was really unnerving, and then I thought this gig is going to just be a nightmare. I'm not going to get anywhere. And then I just said... It was a random kind of question. I talked a bit about reality shows, and I was talking about... I said, "Oh, there's this reality TV show star we have in Britain "and she said..." It's Chantelle Houghton. I used it as an example. I said, "She said she thought the sun and the moon were the same thing. "And then she goes, 'Turns out they're not.' " And... Really? Yeah, that's right. Apparently so. I said, "That's the kind of thing that reality shows... "You know, the people on Big Brother or whatever." I said, "Do you have any reality shows?" And then somebody down the front bravely put their hand up and he said, "Yes, we have Choir Wars." I went, "What?! Choir Wars?" "Yes, there are two teams. They're choirs and they battle." You know, bit like a rap battle, but probably singing Carl Orff's Carmina Burana or something. So I say, "Oh, Choir Wars - who's the start of that?" And then it was like, "Kimi Kniepi" or something. And then a voice from the back of the room went, "That is a lie!" And that was it. It turned into a riot. And then somebody stood up and spoke back to him in Estonian, just shouting at him... And there was like a big row and then somebody got up and walked, and then I thought there was going to be a fight. And then it really kicked off. And so then I had this brilliant meme then for the whole gig. When anyone shouted anything out, I would just go, "That is a lie!" The whole place... It broke the ice for the whole gig and by the end of the gig, I was playing the guitar and banging a bass drum with my foot like this, and the whole place was going, "That is a lie! That is a lie! That is a lie!" It was just...it was glorious. Turnaround out of a defeat. Good save. It was a good save, yeah. {\an8}"Look at his eyes. He's definitely dead, isn't he? Look at him! {\an8}"Look at him! His ghost will visit you when you're asleep." Now, Diane, your tortoise? Yeah, Pork Pie. Pork Pie. I'm led to believe... How long's it been hibernating? I don't know. I can't remember. I was little and it was time for Pork Pie to go into hibernation, cos that's what Blue Peter told us that's what we had to do. But since then, I found out that that's bollocks. So it comes to getting Pork Pie out of hibernation and my dad gets it out of the box and he goes, "Oh, God! Oh, no!" and I'm like, "What's wrong, Daddy?" And he says, "Oh, Pork Pie's dead." And I was like, "He's not, is he?" "He is." "He doesn't look... He looks like he normally looks." "No, he's dead. Believe me." "I don't believe you, Daddy! "Look, he's got no eyes!" His eyes had rotted away during hibernation. That's not a good look. My own father told me that. How long was he in hibernation for? Ten years or something? I don't know. It seemed like a long time. Maybe it was months. Does your dad know that normally people try and break that to kids gently? "Look at his eyes! He's definitely dead, isn't he? Look at him. "His ghost will probably visit you when you're asleep!" He scarred me. He did, yeah. Bu what do you mean it's bollocks about the hibernation? Apparently, it's bollocks. It's true, actually, yeah. Are you meant to Tippex the names on the back of the shells, though? Is that true or is that a lie? That's another lie. That is a lie! My childhood is crashing down around me. So people were just killing their tortoises in the '80s? But you put a bit of food in the box with them, don't you? Don't you put a cabbage in there? Yeah, we put something in there, I remember. Straw, a bit of lettuce. A wheel to run round in. Yeah, our tortoise had a very... Well, it sounds very tragic, and it was, but it had a very bad leg and we were told... Yeah, only cos your dog bit it. Yeah, no the dog didn't... No, it didn't. He had a generic problem with it. Arthritis or something. I thought the dog bit it. Anyway... The dog was nowhere near it. One of the dogs claimed it as his own. The dog wouldn't let the other dogs go near it. Like its own pet. And it used to... Well, I won't tell you what it did, but anyway, it very much claimed it as its own. I knew there was something about the dog and the tortoise, I remember. But anyway, and the dog... This is a horrible story. It's not! No, it's not. It's fine. One of its legs was arthritic, so took it to the vet and it and they genuinely said - I'm not making this up - "We can amputate it and put a wheel on." Right. And a small motor. Well, that's it. That's the next stage is, how many wheels? Could you take all the legs off? The old remote control. Put a little jug of peanuts on its back at parties. "Thanks very much!" So needless to say, we put it out of its misery. It was ill. For years and years and years, people didn't know about keeping pets in Britain and hence we have a lot of captive animals - birds, and the things that live a long life, like parrots. So parrots live to 90 and at first people thought, "Ah, you just put them in a cage with cuttlefish." They don't get cuttlefish. They're in the jungle! What the hell?! Who thought that was a good idea? When all these people were putting their tortoises in to hibernate and then they were dead, didn't they think, "I should probably tell someone about this"? Everyone's just doing it, thinking... There were a lot more tortoises around in those days, like flashers. That's right. There were loads of them, weren't there? There's a correlation between... No, I think that just genuinely there was a very poor amount of information about tortoises. Tortoise intel. Tortoise intel. And none of the Google. You couldn't have a Google then. And a lot of people got tortoises cos they thought it was a cool pet, but actually, they didn't really know... For one thing, the diet. They were mostly just given mashed-up bread and butter and sugar and God knows... Spam. These tortoises were... Getting fat! ..getting fat. Stuffed. In the shell. In the shell. "Whoa! I'm going to blow!" "Oh, my eyes have rotted! Oh, God!" Full of doughnuts. "Help me!" Did you get a replacement pet afterwards? No, we couldn't. He was irreplaceable, Pork Pie. They use him as a doorstop now. Now, listen, we've got more than enough for our tiny programme. We need a title for the show, and if anything has occurred to you... I'm quite fixated on "That is a lie!" Yeah. But I wonder if there was anything from your rap story that might be preserverable. Well, I sort of want that whole thing forgotten about, to be honest with you. "There aren't enough flashers any more" is nice. Yeah, that is good. Pork Pie. "Pork Pie. That's a lie!" Yeah! There you go. That's it. "I've got no eyes." Yeah, yeah. What would you do with that? Would you like some fries? {\an1}BILL BEATBOXES Or pilau rice. Oh, lovely. That's really good. Booooo! Boooo! Is this bringing anything back? Booooo! Ranga is shit! Boooo! No, not the tortoise. Jesus Christ, I thought we were coming up with a title, not making me want to kill myself. I still quite like "Rotten and pus-y". What was that? Why have I got that in my head? It's cos of the drink. Oh, the drink. It came out of Steve's mouth. Quite literally. Yeah, she's not touched it, though. You surprised? Well, listen, ladies and gentlemen, please will you thank all my guests. Romesh Ranganathan. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Bill Bailey. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Steve Pemberton. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Diane Morgan. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching That Is A Lie! Subtitles by Ericsson 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 