Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e8 - Loose Men with Chris Martin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 8 - Loose Men with Chris Martin - full transcript 
 Jo Brand, Chris Martin, Tommy Tiernan and Alun Cochrane join host Alan Davies to chat about modern male grooming habits, dating unsuitable men and speaking to "the other side". 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All right? Where we going? Hello, I'm Stuart Maconie, I've come up to London town and the fist disappointment is, well, these aren't bloody gold, are they? My feet are really sweaty. Hey, guys, I'm here. Hopefully Alan doesn't find out I'm a Tottenham fan cos I know he's an Arsenal fan, so he'll probably just give me grief all night. Ooh-ooh. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is my dad's tuxedo. Hello, I'm Alan Davies, this is As Yet Untitled. This is the show with no real agenda or topics or questions or any sort of preparation or...a name even. We will try and come up with a name during the course of our conversation but for that I need four very talented and amusing people. So, please will you welcome our guests? Welcome, welcome, all of you. Hi. Hi. Nice to see you. Hello. How are you? I hope you're enjoying our intimate furniture. Nice. We have Pippa Evans here. Pippa Evans who is a brilliant baby-sitter. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Pippa Evans is here. Phill Jupitus. Welcome, Phill. Phill Jupitus who is great at faking it. Phill Jupitus is here. Carl Donnelley, welcome to Carl Donnelley. Carl Donnelley who has puffy nipples and gleeks. And Stuart Maconie, Stuart Maconie. Welcome to Stuart who has taken journalism to a new level. And it's lovely to have you here. Stuart, I must say, before we start, how much I enjoy your radio programme with Mark Radcliffe. With who...? Oh, yes, that guy. You know the one. Yeah, the other guy, he's a nice guy. It's a brilliant radio programme. Thank you. Have you abandoned him today? No, he's fine, he's been doing this man and boy, he can look after himself. He can. I used to do radio about 20 years ago and we were live on Radio 1 and Mark used to follow us. He did a brilliant show. They used to have three playlists - the A list, the B list and the end list, right. And the end list was... Just, just the wrong foot. Yeah. That was all Snoop Dogg records. Yes. No. It was the night list. Oh. Ooh, when it get's dark you play different records that are inappropriate for people in the day. And, so, we didn't know what to play, we didn't know anything about music, you know. And we knew we'd got it right one week when we started to get a call from Mark's producer saying, "What are you playing?" Cos it was getting on their nerves cos we were choosing some, like, your Blur... Yeah. ..or your Oasis. Yeah. ..or your popular beat combos. Yeah. The first radio I ever did when I was a writer for NME and I got sent along to Mark Goodier's evening session. Wow. And there was a guy standing in for him and it was just after Bob Dylan had had his 30th anniversary in-show-business concert and the stand-in presenter was there with me and he said "So, so what's in the news this week, Stuart?" In an old school kind of way, you know. They said Smashie and Nicey is the only satire that's ever worked. Cos DJs now no longer go, "Aye, I've gone to the farm at the weekend with my young friend," cos they can't do that any more. And I sat down and he said, "So, what's the news?" I said, "Bob Dylan's 30th anniversary "in-show-business concert," and the presenter said, "Sounds great, sounds great that. "What a pity himself, Bob, didn't live to see it." So...so, I sat...so, I thought, "Radio's different. "Maybe the world of radio's different." So, I sat there and I thought, "Should I say something?" I thought, "I've got to say something." And I said, "Bob Dylan's alive." And the guy went, "Oh, yeah, shit, sorry." "Can we go...can we go again?" And I thought, "I'm pretty sure we're on the radio now." And we were. And I just thought, "Oh, it's easier than I thought." Just don't say anyone's dead unless you're absolutely sure. Pretty sure. Unless you've seen the body. Yeah. So, I did radio. The thing I was always worried about is cos coming from stand-up and then going into radio, I was always terrified of swearing. Yeah. Cos I use... I'm from Essex, I use the F-word like a comma. It's just, it's just... Like a fucking comma. From one... Oh, we can. Thank you. I've been green-lighted by Davies now, I can crack right the fuck into it, so... Don't go too hard, don't go mad. All right, let's not go nuts. You've got four more. But there were... They quote it? Make it count. So, we had...we booked Kevin Smith, the film director who did Dogma and Clerks, Silent Bob... Clerks. Yeah. Brilliant film. He did that. But he's a little bit with the effin' and jeffin' as well. So, we had to...we had to really kind of go, "Look, look, Kevin, I know... "We've heard your podcasts "and we've seen you live and we know that you mustn't..." "I mustn't curse? "OK, dudes, I won't curse, OK." And, so, but we were really nervous that he was... ..cos he was getting relaxed and having a laugh and we thought it would fall out and we were live. And we just went through this interview and we had him in for an hour and so... 6 Music? This was at 6 Music on the breakfast show. It was a very tense hour and then... and then we got to the end of it and I go, "I'd like to thank our guest, Kevin Smith, for coming in today. "Kevin, it's been really great having you here, mate. "Thank you so much." And he went "No, dude, this has been a really, really good show. "You know, thank you for having me on." I went, "Mate, it's been a fucking pleasure." {\an1}ALL LAUGH Ughh. Ohh. But the thing is about 6 Music is I think there were about eight people listening, all of whom were just laughing. It was before digital radio... You were right at the beginning of it, weren't you? Yeah. No-one even really had the DAB radios then. Yeah, I'd play records sometimes and then, like, the computer would go ding and we'd have like a text come from someone and they'd go, "This record's a bit strong, lads." And then we'd put our headphones on and I'd be playing some old-school reggae record that would be going, "And then I fuck up on the floor." And I'm like... Do you swear a lot, Pippa? When I've seen you do your wonderful shows in Edinburgh and there's not too blue in there, is there? No, no. I'm not a big swearer. You're not shy with innuendo, though, are you? Oh, no, I don't mind a cocking innuendo. But my mum used to say, "You can say that in the playground but not in my house." So we didn't swear...at all. "Show us your knickers." So, we didn't swear, we didn't swear a lot. But I do...and I've never been a radio DJ but I did used to make a lot of tapes for my dad in the car, which is pretty much the same thing. And in our Polo, in our Polo, VW Polo, a little car we have, it's only got a cassette player. So, I now have all the tapes that I made for my dad and I suffered a lot from the... I've put a lot of songs on here and then there's a lot of space, which I then fill with me going, "Hi, Dad... "um... "er, that Beatles song wasn't as long as I thought it would be "so, er, I suppose the, um... "Well, just entertain yourself!" Oh, I bet he loved them, though. Oh, it was lovely. Partly thinking, "Oh, God, I better listen to this that she's made." Yeah. Then also treasuring it. Absolutely. And also cos you listen... I've got tapes that boyfriends made me when I was, when I was like 15. And I had this boyfriend who was a singer song-writer and I was like, "He's going to make it, he's going to make it." Surprisingly, he didn't. But on one of the tapes he made me, he put himself singing love songs to me and it's both romantic and tragic at the same time. Did he make you listen to them while he was in attendance or did he a least give you the chance to do it alone? I was the manager of his band. Hello! Hey, Yoko. And, no, it was really funny cos I went to do the Grey... the Grey Horse in Kingston, which is a pub that do comedy, but they also do live music. And the first time I went there, I must've been like 28 or something and I looked at the manager and I was like, "I really know you from somewhere." And I realised that his was the only gig that they ever got paid at. And he'd come up to me and went, "Who's the manager?" And I went, "I'm the manager." And he went, "Don't be stupid, who's the real manager?" I went, "I'm the manager!" And he paid me £25 for the band. It's not a funny story but a true one. It's not very much money, is it? Well, in those days, in the late '90s, it was a lot of money. How much did you get for your fist gig? £5. You? First paid gig? First paid gig, yeah. Er, £9. Wow. Stuart. My first punk, my teenage punk band in Wigan, we got £9 between three of us. So, it was three quid each. And the manager... We'd played a set of cover versions of Lou Reed and The Velvet Underground We'd done our set of punk rock, anarchic punk rock - overthrow the government incendiary anthems - and the guy gave us three quid each and said, "You need a manager, "I'll manage you. I could make you boys bigger than the Dooleys." Who you won't remember, the Dooleys. I remember the Dooleys. They were not incendiary, were they? They were like a less hardcore version of The Nolans. Yeah. And we were like, "Well..." Cos when you watch The Nolans, "You think they need to take the edge off." Exactly. The Dooleys were like The Nolans for people who couldn't handle the raw, sexual energy of The Nolans. How much did you get paid for your first gig? £12,000. I was... ALL TALK AT ONCE Not your import-export business? I was very confident at that first gig. Ultimately, they didn't get money...their money's worth. No, I think it would have been £5 or £10, probably... Yeah. ..at a push. Now, Carl, tell me about your puffy nipples. Yeah. What is the puffy-nipple situation? I'm glad you've brought that up because it's actually a medical condition I've got which...it affects about 10% of teenage boys, but I'm 33, so I don't know what happened. It's called, I got it when I was a teen, it's called puberty-induced gynaecomastia. It's basically a hormone imbalance, which means I had a bit too much oestrogen when I was a teen, which probably explains why I'm now so emotionally...you know... PIPPA: Yeah. ..bad. I almost hit the table. I was trying to think of a word, I was trying to give myself a little compliment there, but I realised, actually, I'm a mess. No, so I've got too much oestrogen in my body and it just means I've got really fat nipples, like... But they change shape, like, for bordering on like, you know... Seasonally? Well, I mean, my mood does affect it. I was going to say, depending on mood? No, it's not mood, it's actually temperature. When it's cold, they look like normal nipples. Right now, this, under these lights, you can see they're sort of... They're on their way. You can see they're sort of very... Right. They look like half a ping pong ball. Ahh. Yeah. And it just means, it means from the age of about 13 when I got diagnosed, I have had a cons... I just hate being topless anywhere, like, apart from in bed, I don't mind that... Yeah. In, like, public I hate it. As pronounced as half a ping pong ball? Well, they can be if it gets very hot. But I...but I just... Can I have a hairdryer? Yeah. You were a very brave 13-year-old lad to go to the doctor. I mean, men hate going to the... This is the thing, but I went... Men loathe going to the doctor at any age and for anything. You were a very sorted 13-year-old lad. I had to because I was starting to get teased in, like, the showers and stuff. So, I thought I'd go and check it out and the doctor was like, "This will probably go away when you hit the end of puberty." And, as yet, apparently I haven't finished puberty. But I... Actually, talking of doctors, the worse one that ever happened, cos I hate being topless so much in public, I once - and this is horrible - I went on a lads holiday to Tenerife when I was 18. And on the last day, I'd been there for two weeks, hadn't been to a beach cos I'd just been drunk the whole time, I thought, "I need a bit of colour." I went to a water park and spent four hours with no sun cream on in 40-degree heat. The whole top half of my body got like third degree burns. And I was flying back the next day and I put a T-shirt on to fly and I was still hungover, didn't really know how bad it was. When I got back to London, I took my top off and literally peeled my... OTHERS: Ahhhh! ..I peeled my torso off. No! No, that's not the worst bit. No! PIPPA: Do we want to hear the end of it? Sorry, that's the worst bit... Waitress! ..that's the worst bit for other people. The worst bit for me was - so now I've realised I'm topless and I've got, basically, I've peeled all the blisters off. I had to go to my doctors in Tooting Broadway. I had to go to the doctors topless, right? And, honestly, I've never been more embarrassed. I was sitting in the doctor's surgery while there was just loads of old people with sniffles and I'm just topless sitting there. They're like, "What's wrong with you?" "It's my leg, it's my leg." Just, like, pus and blood all over me. PIPPA: Ahhh. 40-degree heat, they must have been quite pronounced. Oh, they were, they were...yeah. It was the most embarrassing...it was so embarrassing. Oh, man. Did you have to put camomile lotion on? I got given steroid cream and this was... The doctor said to me, "You're going to get sunstroke. "This is one of the worst cases of sunburn I've seen for a while." And he said, "So, what I'd recommend is holing up in a dark room, "put the steroid cream on, take some pain killers "and just ride it out for a few days." And I had, like, four days that was like the start of Apocalypse Now. Wow. I was just... Was there... With a fan, a fan going round overhead. Yeah, yeah. Just in a dark room just throwing punches at, like, nothing. {\an5}And he said, "Yes, sometimes {\an5}"I tell people, like, {\an5}"for example, this morning {\an8}"I told you that I had muesli {\an8}"for breakfast, but I didn't." My mate Garret who is Irish, and he loves telling lies more than anything. I once told him, when I was 17, I was reading... Do you know Interview With The Vampire, the book? Yeah. It's quite a famous vampire book by Anne Rice and I was reading it and my bedside lamp broke. So, I lit a candle and I read it, like, with the candle for light. And I told my friend, Garret, the next day. He then went off to university when we were 18 and told all his friends, just for a laugh, a lie knowing that maybe five years down the line, if I ever meet any of them, they will ask about it. So, about five years later, I meet a friend of his from uni and they went "Oh, you're Carl, it's great to meet you." I was like, "Yeah." And he went, "You're the one who reads vampire books by candle light." I was like, it was a one-off and it was for necessity, not... It wasn't like a hobby of mine. It was horrible. Not strictly a lie on Garret's part, though, was it? No, it wasn't but he made it sound like that was like a thing, every night I go into my room and light my candle. "Goodnight, everyone." I met someone who likes to tell really little lies for his own pleasure. He said that... He was a Norwegian improviser I met and he said, "Yeah, sometimes I tell people... Like for example, "this morning I told you that I had muesli for breakfast... "but I didn't." What a great, what a great... "It just cheers my day up." I usually like telling lies to see if they get back to... Me and Lemar had a thing, we used to tell lies about each other in interviews to see if it would get back to us. And I remember with some joy the day that Lemar phoned me up, he went, "It's happened. "I was in a regional radio interview and the geezer went, "Mark, I understand you're a keen beekeeper?" {\an1}LAUGHTER I did invent, I think, an urban myth that maybe people in the audience might know. Cos when I was writing for the NME, we used to have a bit in the NME that we called Believe It Or Not, which was a spoof of those... ..you know the things you get like, "Oh, do you know that one blow of a swan's wing can break your arm?" and things like that. So I used to do spoofs where I made stuff up about pop musicians. That's not true, by the way. No, I know. Neither is, "And you can see... You can't see the Great Wall..." No, you can see the Great Wall of China from the moon, but you can see loads of other things as well. You can see like branches of Tesco from the moon, as well, if they're big enough. But I said in that, that Bob Holness played the saxophone solo on Baker Street. Oh, yeah! Did you make that up? Yeah, I made that up. And I will go to people... I've been in pubs and people have gone, "'Ere, you're keen on pop music, aren't you?" And I said, "Yeah, yeah." "Guess who played the saxophone solo... "..on Baker Street?" And I go "You're going to tell me it's Bob Holness, aren't you?" And he'll go, "I am, cos it's true." And I say, "No. It was a guy called Raphael Ravenscroft." But that's great cos I made it up. And they played Baker Street at Bob Holness' funeral. Wow! Which I don't know, I don't know whether to feel like, that's brilliant or that's really horrible. I just think, "Just make up more stuff, Stuart." That's what I think. In the same thing I made up... None of the others have ever got as much purchase. I said that David Bowie invented Connect 4. LAUGHTER And I've had people say that. "Do you know who invented Connect 4?" I've had people say that. But, no, the others didn't take really... Neil Tennant, of the Pet Shop Boys, is a fully-qualified rugby league referee. That's not really... No-one's repeated that. No-one's going to get that. That's a bridge too far. That is. Yeah. There's a little tiny, there's a little notch in it. Yeah. It's just slightly out. I once told a girl at a party that my dad was a bass player in The Clash. Which is only funny, if you know my dad, who's the least likely bass player in a punk rock band imaginable. And then I told her that he left, that he fell out with them before they actually got their first deal, but he was in all the early gigs. One of my best friends, Pete, he's the best liar in the world. He does this thing where if there's two of you - imagine you start chatting to some people in a bar, maybe if you were chatting up some women or something - he'll introduce himself as Pete, but then he'll give you, he'll say your name but he'll just make up a name and then so that you've just got to commit to it. He did it with my friend, Rich. I was there, but I wasn't part of the conversation. I overheard it and it was the best name, he went, "Hi, guys, I'm Pete and this is Doyle." It was just my favourite name I've ever heard. He also... Actually, his nickname is Pete Portugal. This is the guy... Cos he once was chatting up a girl and he's half Portuguese and his surname's Rusterio. But he said to her "I'm half Portuguese." And she went "Oh, have you got a Portuguese surname?" And he went "Yeah, it's Portugal." {\an1}And she said, "What do you mean?" He goes "Yeah, it's actually the most common surname in Portugal." And he just convinced her of it and she believed it {\an1}and from now on...from then on, that was maybe seven years ago, his nickname's Pete Portugal. Yeah, he's the king of liars. I asked my dad, when I was very little, I said, "Who... Is it true that in the old days "poor people would cover themselves with goose fat "to keep themselves warm?" And he said, "Yes. "And then they'd cover themselves with feathers "and sow themselves into sacks for the winter." This is true. And I said, "OK." And I was at university. Cut forward, you know, 15 years and my friend Dan said something about, about, you know, poor people and I went, "Well, they used to cover themselves with goose fat "and then cover themselves with feathers "and sow themselves into sacks." And he went, "What?" I went, "It's true, it's a true thing, actually." And he went, "Er, OK." So, I rang my dad and went, "Dad, do you remember you told me, erm, "that poor people used to cover themselves with goose fat "and feathers and then sow themselves into sacks?" He went, "Yes." I said, "Is that true?" He went... "No." That was that. They're the best. This is true that you're a brilliant baby-sitter? Or is it going to be that somebody died? No, I'm a... That would be quite downbeat. It's a very dark story. I'm guessing it isn't, though. So... Well, I was in Nashville cos I love country music so much. I was in Nashville and we've got friends in Nashville, which is great, cos it means you get free accommodation. But of course, with free accommodation means, if they have children, you have to spend a lot of time with their children, sort of as payment for your rent. And they've got, my friend David, he has twin daughters, who are just adorable, these adorable little American princesses, called Francis and Mary and they're just lovely, but they have quite a lot of energy. What age where they? They were five years old. So, twin five-year-olds. And they wanted to play with the English girl all the time. "Let's play with the English girl." So, we concocted the game No Smiling, No Laughing, which, erm... That's a great game! Have you ever played... Yeah. ..ever played No Smiling, No Laughing? My dad used to play it with me. {\an1}After he'd sown you into a sack! Yeah, after he'd sown me into a sack! And what it involves is going, "I'm going to tickle you "but you're not allowed to smile and you're not allowed to laugh." And there is something really funny about going, "No smiling, no laughing, no smiling." Yeah. And so they're going, "Arghh! Arghh! No! Ohh!" And we played it... No smiling, no laughing. "Can we play No Smiling, No Laughing." It got quite exhausting, but we had a great time. And then about on day three of No Smiling, No Laughing, a neighbour popped round and Dave was like, "Oh, you must meet our neighbour, Irene." And Irene came in and Mary ran up to Irene and said, "Irene, Irene, do you want to come play No Smiling, No laughing?" And Irene said, "What's that?" "It's where Pippa takes us into the private tickle room... "..and she touches us, but we're not allowed to make a sound." "Oh, I'm the wacky English girl." That night, at the Holiday Inn. Yeah! {\an8}The director said, "This is the bit where you do what you want." {\an8}Never tell a stand-up, "Do what you want in that bit." {\an8}I had sock puppets. It was... Do you know millions of songs? Do you think you know all songs? I know a million songs. I do know pretty much every song and if I don't know it, I'll make it up. I just love singing constantly. Your mum and dad were always singing and there's a lot of music in your house? This is the thing, when I was little my mum brought me up on old time musicals. So, when... I remember being at school and everyone was singing songs from, like, The Little Mermaid and I was singing # She was a dear little dickie bird # Tweet, tweet, tweet, she went. # Everyone else was going, "What?!" So, all the songs that I know, are sort of pre-1950, you know. And I just love, I just think they're great songs. Someone once said to me... I love musicals. Someone said to me that they really... When people say they hate musicals, they often say it's because people in real life don't burst into song like that. Yeah. And I go, "Well, you obviously haven't spent..." # A lot of time with meeee. # People say they hate musicals and then they go to one and they love it. I know and they love them. I was like that. Musicals are great. What was your crossover musical? Jersey Boys. Oh, great musical. Yeah? Jersey Boys will blow your socks off, it's brilliant. And I only went to it cos Stuart Milligan, who plays Adam Klaus the magician in the television series Jonathan Creek, was in it. Right. So, I wanted to see him cos I love Stuart, he's great company. Meet up afterwards, be a nice evening. Wasn't expecting it to be fantastic... Yeah. So great, yeah. ..but it is fantastic. The movie, the Clint Eastwood movie's a bit flat and slow, but the musical... My friend was... ..loved it. ..one of the keyboard deps on Jersey Boys. And it was great cos he's a very talented keyboard player but not a very talented dancer and they make the keyboard players dance at this one bit. They sort of bring up back reels. And so he had to... All he had to do was side-step twice, whilst playing the keys but he said "If you side-stepped a little bit too big, "you'd end up with the keyboard over here." So, on a few occasions, he ended up not being able to reach the notes because he'd got so enthusiastic about doing the side-step and he was like "I'd managed to do it in time," but his hands were no longer on the keyboard. {\an1}It's tough. Poor little chicken. It's a tough... It's tough to dance and play. People don't realise it's a tough thing to do. It is. Did you come and see me in... Uh, oh! ..Hairspray, Alan? Awkward! Did anyone, Phill? Did anyone? Mum did. I have a question about Hairspray cos I saw it with Michael Ball and Ian Talbot and they did a giggle where they had the duet... Yeah. ..and they had a giggle. Yeah. Did you have a giggle with... Right, so, that is a faked corpsing moment. Arghh. Right, but I refused to do a fake one... Oh, well done. ..and I would make Tony Timberlake, who was my Wilbur, laugh a different way every night... Oh, like a real marriage. ..so, he was terrified. Really? I licked him, I pulled the hair out of his arm one night, I had crossed eyes for the whole song one night, looking at him. And I got so bollocked by the producers for doing that. In fact, I got sacked from the UK tour cos I mucked about too much. But in mitigation, the director said, "This is the bit where you do what you want." Never tell a stand-up, "Do what you want in that bit." I had sock puppets, it was... ..juggling. I had mates who worked at the Royal Shakespeare Company in the kind of, you know - it's a terrible - but the second spear carrier kind of roles and they said they had all kinds of games that they would do, like, The Egg Game. So, in King Lear or Romeo And Juliet, while there's all this stuff going on at the front, there's all this, you know, whatever it is, "To be or not to be," going on. But in the background, they'd do a thing where one of you came on with a egg and you lose, if you leave the stage with the egg. Right. So, while... You've got to pass the egg on. So, while Benedict Cumberbatch is going, "Tomorrow, and tomorrow and tomorrow," you're going... They're always doing rubbish in the background, aren't they? They're always doing a bit of, "Oh, my noble..." You give them the egg and then... and then you piss off. You piss off and you can't leave the stage with the egg. So, you have to find some bit of business you can do with the thane of Gloucester, you know, and go "Ah, my liege, my noble Lord, "there's the fucking egg," and off you go... And you can. Yeah, a bit of larking about. What's your faking it tale? Well, it was when I did... The first musical I did was Hairspray. So, I got cast as Edna in Hairspray. I'd never been in a musical, I'd done a bit of karaoke, I'd sung with a couple of bands. I remember this happening. Yeah. I remember someone saying, "Do you know Phill Jupitus is dressed as a woman every night?" In Soho, for money, and it's the dream. People were saying... It's the dream. ..."What's he doing?" Yeah, and so I was shooting ping pong balls at sailors. And you were in Hairspray. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah. Downtime is very important to me. And I got cast in it, but I was having to dance and we had this amazing, really, really good choreographer, who was the choreographer of Jersey Boys, as well. A lovely man called Danny Austin. This very, very flamboyant Canadian dude, who's like a...and, you know, he's 21st and me lumping about trying to do these dances. And there's a very simple step, you know chain step? Hm-hm. I couldn't do chain step, which is really simple rhythmic little step you do to cross the stage, der-der-der, der-der-der, der-der-der, der-der... Couldn't do it, couldn't do it. And it had been ten days of me trying this thing and I can't get it. And I took him to one side and I went, "Dan, mate, I can't, I can't do this. "I can't seem to master this dancing." And, and he went "Ah, Phill, honey, fake it till you make it." Which I really liked. And his other thing that he used to say to me was, he went "Do it wrong, but do it strong." And the thing is... What I've got to say is what... I didn't get a chance to hang around with a lot of gay men and since being in theatre, I've... I love a gay disco. Oh, my God. Who doesn't? Of course, you do. Hanging out with the gays, it's great fun. They basically, they get me off the telly and they use me like a big meat laminate to get into any room they want in a gay disco. So, all the lads in the cast, "Oh, we've got Phill with us," and they're like that. "We're with him, we're with him." Pushing me forward behind the roped off area and it's like...it's fucking terrific fun. They just, honestly, it's like... You've done loads of musicals now, haven't you? All the attention I get, it's brilliant. I've done five now, it's brilliant. You did Spamalot and you did The Producers... I'm thinking of going gay next year for tax reasons. Are you? You think you'd write off lube against your tax, it's great. What? You can. Maybe I've got... I'd like to be the first female Fagin, that's my aim in life... Right. ..to be the first female Fagin. Wow. Cos you just have to do this, "Errrr." That's what Fagin is, isn't it? What's that? That's playing with my beard, "Errrr." And I think there's so many great male roles and you know feminism's really strong at the moment, so I think the next thing we need to do is make it, like, every time a man is cast in a male role, we'll say it's sexist so that I can play all the great roles. Yeah. That's my new plan. Technically, it is sexist. Right. Then again... It is sexist. ..wouldn't you rather be Nancy? No, who wants to be Nancy? It's boring and she gets beaten to death at the end. I want to be the one that beats her to death. Oh, yeah. That would be, I would love to... Bull's-eye, Bull's-eye. Bull's-eye. I'd love to see a lesbian Oliver, that would be brilliant, you could be Jill Sykes. Why does it...? Why does it have to be a lesbian? Yeah, because... Why can't it just be... ..you need to get the punters in, sweetheart. I'm not talking about real lesbians, the big angry ones, I mean sports casual, like you see on the internet. We went to see... cos I was in The Producers until last week with Manford playing Leo Bloom and Louie Spence was in it as well. And Manford, as a kind of starting the tour present, got us tickets to go and see Mel Brooks at the Queen's Theatre. Mel Brooks did a gig in London... Did he? ..a couple of months ago, yeah. And so we went to see Mel Brooks and then the producers of the show said, "I'd be great if you got your photo taken with Mel "cos then we could use it for press and that." And so they organised this really lame, sort of, not real photocall with Mel Brooks and I thought, "I'm finally going to meet Mel Brooks." And I've got the 1957 album 2,000 Year Old Man. I thought, "I could get it signed by Mel Brooks." Cool. And so we went, we got taken down to this room in the theatre and there's like 150 people in there all of them wanting to meet Mel Brooks. And I'm thinking, "This is not going to happen now." But eventually, Mel's assistant went, "OK, people from The Producers, "come and have your photo taken with Mel." And we went over and we had some photos taken with him and they're quite awkward. This little, tiny little 88-year-old Jewish New York fellow, "Oh, hey, everybody. Who are you? Who are you playing?" All this, that and that and I went to him and I went, "Mr Brooks, you couldn't...could you possibly sign this for me?" And I handed him this album and he went, "What's ya name?" And I went, "It's Phill," and he put "To Phill, Mel Brooks." And I went, "Thank you so much." "Best wishes," he even put best wishes. And he handed it back to me and he went "Two quid." {\an4}I must've looked insane cos I... {\an4}I just, sort of, went like that {\an5}and just went... HE HISSES Carl Donnelly, I understand that you gleek? {\an1}Everyone gleeks. Oh, do they? Cos I don't know what gleeking is. Oh, right. OK. Well, it's only something I learned about recently when I did something on a train that made me do some research. Erm... Well, it started... Basically, I... Does it come out of your nipples? No. No? {\an1}No, that's a very different thing. I accidentally spat on a woman's copy of 50 Shades Of Grey on a train {\an1}and it was because of gleeking. {\an1}Right, so I was sitting next to her and it is basically, do you know that thing... Have you ever done it when you do a yawn and mid-yawn, loads of spit comes out of your mouth like... HE HISSES Like a spray... Yeah. ..a fine spray. That's what gleeking is. Have you never done it? Yeah, I've done it. Most people have done it. No, I don't think I've ever done that. Oh, right. I think you're in the minority. A fine spray comes out? So, what happens is, it's a muscle spasm... I'm a dry yawner. I think most people are dry yawners 95% of the time, but like one in every, I'm going to guess, 30 yawns is a... Yeah. ..is a gleek for most people. Really? There's this muscle spasm where your... There's a little sort of spit...sack. You yawn and... It's basically it's a muscle spasm that the large majority of people have done. Now, you've told me this... Yeah, it's a real thing. ..the next time I do it I'm going to go, "I gleeked!" The best thing is, apparently, and I've not done it yet, you can train yourself to do it. It's like this muscle, you can train your muscle to do it, but I didn't have... Yeah. ..I didn't do this through any training. I was just sitting next to a woman and I...she was reading 50 Shades. And I wanted to...you know, I only know the phenomenon of it, I don't know anything about it other than that. So, I just had a little look over her shoulder to have a little read of a passage and I must've looked insane cos... PIPPA LAUGHS I just sort of went like that and just went... {\an1}HE HISSES And er... Oh, it was just, it was really horrible. What kind of career benefits are you seeing towards training yourself to do it? That's what I'm interested in. You can train yourself to do it. Where do you see yourself in five years' time, Carl, with this gleeking? I imagine just maybe Britain's Got Talent. The Royal Variety. Yeah. No, I don't think there's any life benefits from it just... Did she speak to you? Did you have to then... Do you know, this is scariest thing, she didn't even look. She sort of... You could tell she saw it cos there was loads of it. But she just, she just sort of went like that and carried on reading, as if trying to ignore it. Maybe she was a gleeker and she had sympathy for your gleeking. No, because you must have a secret gleeking wink or handshake in that situation. I also think that she...if she was a gleeker, she would've turned and said, "I know your pain." "Don't worry." I think... Showed you the card of membership. I think she thought I was a sexual deviant. Which I am but not in that sense. Do you gleek when you're yawning when you're extremely tired? You're nearly asleep, so you've slightly lost control of your mouth fluids? I don't think there's any rhyme nor reason to it. I think it's a... Every now and again your body just thinks, "I'm going to make you think you're possessed by a demon." Oh, no. So Stuart Maconie, you've taken journalism to a new level. In the sense of the people I've been stuck in lifts with. Oh, I see, that sort of a level. Oh, no. No. Oh, no. I've been stuck in lifts with people... Oh, I... I've asked I think the stupidest question ever asked by a journalist to a celebrity. That is saying something. Not just a celebrity, THE celeb, Paul McCartney, who you could argue has invented... He was a celebrity before celebrities existed. Well, exactly. And however many times you meet Paul McCartney... I think I've met him three times, which makes me sound like I'm hanging out with him BBQs and stuff, but I'm not. But you were taken to see the Beatles, I know this about you... Yeah. ..by your mum when you were three years old. Two. Two years old, yeah. What was the venue, do you know? Wigan ABC Cinema. Really? And my mum, when I ask her, I've asked her, I interviewed her about this and said, "What did they play?" And she said, "Like, you know, those Beatles songs." And I said, you know, "What time was the gig?" "I can't remember." And "What were they wearing?" "I think they were wearing suits." It must have been deafening screaming, wasn't that the thing? I don't know, I think I vaguely remember it but then again, I don't know. I think I vaguely remember it, yeah. It'll be somewhere in your subconscious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, what did you ask Paul McCartney? So, my second occasion I met Paul McCartney, he'd forgotten the first occasion, rather like my mother. So, on the second occasion I met him, it was going really well and I thought, "I'm going to ask... "I've got this brilliant question up my sleeve," I thought. Meaning, you could have been a massive pop star without all the hassle that goes with being a Beatle and I said, "Paul, have you ever wished for a moment "that you were in Gerry and the Pacemakers instead?" And as soon as the words had left my lips, I thought, "What the fuck have I said that for?" And he said, "What did you say, Stuart?" And I said, "No, no, no, it's fine. "So, tell me more about the new album. "Where did you record it?" And he went "No, no, no, no, no. What did you say?" And I said, "I asked whether you would rather have been "in Gerry And The Pacemakers?" Meaning, no-one shoots you, you know, all that kind of stuff. Yeah, slightly lower level of madness. Slightly lower level. And he said, "Do you know..." He said, "Just a thing, I'm just checking, "I was in The Beatles, you know." And I was like, "Yeah, I'm kind of fully aware of that." And just thinking, "No! such a terrible..." I mean, I thought, "It's great, it's clever, it's smart it's..." It's not, it's an idiotic thing to ask, really. Genuinely idiotic to ask Paul McCartney of The Beatles whether he'd rather have been in Gerry and the Pacemakers. It's all in the phrasing. I met him... He was at the BBC doing Later With Jools Holland. Sir Paul? Yeah. And it was a massively closed set, they weren't letting anyone in and there were lots of layers of bouncers. Cos he's very violent, isn't he? Very violent. You can tell. And I said, "Could I go and see him?" And they were like "No, it's a closed set." And then I was walking down a corridor and a techie who I knew went, "Come on, do you want to come see McCartney?" IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE: I went "Yes, I do, please." And they took me through and they took me round all these doors and he took me into the studio and his band was - Dave Gilmour, from Pink Floyd, was his lead guitarist, Mick Green, from Johnny Kidd and the Pirates, was his rhythm guitarist, Ian Paice, from Deep Purple, on drums, he was playing bass and he... And they all had individual nurses with them? It was like the '60s had had a ring round and said, "Shall we form a band?" They were all there playing, it was the most brilliant thing. And I'm 20ft from McCartney and he's singing and playing. He's got the violin bass and he's still doing...that. He's still doing... "Wooo." He's still got it. He's still doing that, his signature move, and you're just so excited. And I went to me mate who'd got me in, "Could you get me his autograph?" And they went, "We're not allowed to do that. "I mean, you could ask him for an autograph at the end, "if you want." And so I sort of hung around in the studio and then everyone, kind of...fucked off. Technical term. And I had a bit of paper and a pen and I wandered up to Paul McCartney and I got about 6ft from him. He's there, he's got a little moleskin notebook and he's writing in it and he looks up at me and he goes, "Hey, I know you, you're off the telly." And I'm like, "Whaaaa!" At which I say, "And I know you, you were in the fucking Beatles." CARL: But that being said, that's all well and good, but would you of rather watched Gerry and the Pacemakers? I love Ferry Across The Mersey, it's so moving. PIPPA: Great song, great song. Do you have something about lifts that you want to share with us? No, only that I thought for a moment you were... I've been stuck in lifts with... ..I've been stuck in a lift with Little Richard... {\an1}on a separate occasion with Iggy Pop and on a third, and my favourite occasion, with former British tennis ace Greg Rusedski and Nelly Furtado at the same time. And it really was that, with me and Greg and Nelly, it really was "Well, what shall we talk about?" You know, and it was...it was ridiculous. Between floors each time? Iggy Pop in Paris, Little Richard in Los Angeles and Greg and Nelly at The Lowry Hotel in Manchester. Yeah, and it was just after Nelly's hit single, do you remember Nelly's big hit single I'm Like A Bird? # I'm... # Cos I wanted to say to her... cos, of course, the obvious thing is # I'm like a bird, I don't know where my home is. # I wanted to say, "If there's one thing a bird knows, Nelly, "it's where it's home is." They are quite legendary in the natural world for it, more than say the alpaca or the tortoise. That's the thing they're good at, birds, isn't it? So, I wanted to say that but I thought, "No, don't." Just say, "Oh, I hope the man comes soon, do you?" And each time, does it eventually get prized open by someone from the fire service? Yeah. Well, not each... No. Well, this is a level of detail I wasn't expecting to have to recall. I think it just started working again after a while, yeah. It obviously... Former Home Secretary Jack Straw. Yeah. "I'm here. You may escape now." Maybe... It's obviously me, isn't it? It's obviously me that's making it happen. It's you pressing the alarm button "Let's stay here for a bit." Oh, yeah. Have you ever done... Do you know that thing sometimes when you've got your iPod, or MP3 player on. Have you ever got into a lift and you don't realise it's way too loud and everyone can hear? I got into the lift at, I think it was Tufnell Park, one of them London Tube stations and Cher, I Found Someone, came on. And I suddenly just became aware that people were giggling in the lift. So, I took it off and everyone was laughing and I realised they could hear it, put it back on, forgot about it. I told my mate that story about two days later. The day after, I got a call from him saying. "Mate, have you read..." This was like a few years ago, when there was loads of free papers that suddenly came out in London. He said, "Have you read the London Lite today?" I said, "No." He said, "Check the 'I've seen you on the Tube' type thing." And there was like a sort of thing where people would say, "Oh, I fancied you." Somebody said, "To the guy who was at Tufnell Park in the lift, "cheers for cheering us up with your rubbish music taste." It was horrible. I once got on a carriage, a Tube carriage and went, "Why is this Tube carriage entirely empty?" And there was a man who was sat and he had his penis hanging out... {\an1}..and he was drinking a can of cider and he was peeing at the same time. {\an1}And my first reaction was, "Ugh!" But my second reaction was, "How's he managing that? {\an1}"Really quite incredible, really." It's like some sort of water feature, isn't it? You do often see, being at football, I've seen that many times in a urinal at half-time. Blokes drinking a pit of lager, whilst pissing. Thinking, "I could keep this up forever, you know." Just chuck it down the bog, it tastes like crap anyway, just cut... There's that Ben Elton routine, you know, just cut out the middleman. Anyway, listen, now we've entered such a charming area, maybe it's time to knock it on the head and think of a title. There's a lot of bodily functions have been talked about. I think that I still think maybe my favourite is No Smiling, No Laughing. No Smiling, No Laughing. It's a great title for a comedy show. Yeah. It's quite a threat, really. If you see it in the TV Times, would you tune in? Alan Davies' No Smiling, No Laughing. Yeah. I Saw a Man With His Penis Hanging Out. But that thing is that, that bloke bit in your head and you think, you kind of... the maths of a bad situation. It's like, hanging, that's OK. Yeah. It was hanging out, it wasn't poking out. Yeah! Sticking out. It wasn't sticking out, that's... No, no, no. Elsewhere. It hadn't fallen out. It was out on purpose. It was out cos, yeah, it was working. He needed a wee. Yeah, needed a wee, on which line? It was the Northern Line. Classic Northern Line. Stuck in the Lift With Nelly Furtado is a great title. Stuck in the Lift With Nelly Furtado. Oh, dear. OK, ladies and gentlemen, please will you thank my guests, Pippa Evans, Phill Jupitus, Carl Donnelly, Stuart Maconie. I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching No Smiling, No Laughing. Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 