Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Thank you. Can't believe I'm finally going on the Graham Norton Show. Got a choice of shirt - it's either blue or blue. Thought I'd give it... Yeah ... Alan? Alan? Alan? Alan? I think I've had too much fruit. Hello, I'm Alan Davies and welcome to "As Yet Untitled". Tonight we will be chatting with four guests - well, I will be - you will be watching that, and there's no agenda. There are no rules, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 there's no... er, running order... You see what I did there? We don't even have a title yet for the show. By the end of the evening, I'm hopeful we will have a title - this is our minimalist aspiration for the show, so let's get on with it. Please will you welcome my guests. APPLAUSE Now it's lovely to have you all here. All I have is a fact about each of you on my cards. So we'll start with Jessica Hynes is here, she's a supply of monastic footwear. Jessica Hynes. APPLAUSE Phill Jupitus is here, the inadvertent sketch comic, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Phill Jupitus. Yes. APPLAUSE Richard Herring, the former author of The Phone Book. Yeah. He's often mistaken for Charley Boorman. Yeah... APPLAUSE And Jason Byrne, the legendary stand-up comedian who was once actually crucified. Yes. APPLAUSE Are you a motorcyclist? I'm not at all, no. So it's the first time... You're so like him. I'm offended cos I think Charley Boorman is a hideous looking man... No! ..and I do not look like him. He's a good looking man, I think. And he's also very tall. He went round the world with Ewan McGregor on motorbikes, right? He did, yeah. And... Oh, you do look like him. Do that again with your tea up. Oh, you do look like him. The first time it happened to me, I didn't know who he was. Someone, I was in the pub, and someone came up to me and said "Well done on The Long Way Round," and I went... I went, "What?" He went, "You know, Long Way Round." I went, "I don't - I don't know what you're talking about." He went, "You know, when you motorcycled round the world "with Ewan McGregor," like I'd forgot! "Oh, yeah! How could I forget that?" You know, I said, "I'm not him." But I do, I think I must look like loads of people cos I've also had things where, I wrote some Tweet about people being impolite and then someone said, "Well, that's slightly ironic given "what you were up to in Walthamstow Curry House last night." And you kind of go... That's Charley Boorman! It's Charley Boorman! Or someone else, I don't know. But apparently there was someone swearing and then I said, "Well, that wasn't me." But that's not... I mean, it's a good defence for Operation Yewtree, I think this could be. It could work out. "It wasn't me" Try and look like as many other people as you can. Do you know Dennis Pennis, what's his real name? Kaye? Paul Kaye. Paul Kaye, so people thought I looked like him. And I was in Edinburgh in the Meadows playing just a bit of pitch and putt, and this guy game up on his bike. He was about 14, he went, "Here, will you sign my stuff here." I went, "Yeah." He goes, "Paul Kaye, is it?" I went, "No," and he goes, "You fuckin' are." And I went, "No, I'm not, I'm Jason Byrne." "No, you're not. "You're Paul Kaye, sign that there right?" I went, "I'm not." He goes, "You fuckin' are." So then I just signed it Paul Kaye and he goes, "Told you." And he just cycled off. Did you hear about the one that happened to me and Vinnie? There's a comedian called Andre Vincent who looks an awful lot like me. Hmm. He does. And we were at a gig together. And, er, a bloke a little bit pissed came up to Vinnie and started poking him and going, "Oi, yeah, Never Mind the Buzzcocks, eh? Eh? "Ha-ha ha-ha" And for one time, Vinnie was able to stand back and go, and just pointed at me. And this bloke looked at me and goes, "No." Oh, my God! And the other one was a woman came up to me, again it was a drunk... Was it me? ..at the races. It wasn't you. Came up to me at some races and went, "It's you, innit? "It's You! It's you, innit?" And I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, right." and then she goes "Monkey! Monkey!" I'm like "What?" "Monkey!" And she's really, really, really annoying. And in your head you think, "How quickly can I get rid of her?" And I said, "Yes, it's me, love!" I was in, I went to Paris with all my friends who are Arsenal fans, for the Champions League final in 2006, and, er, we lost. So we're in a bar afterwards sort of drowning our sorrows a bit. And Ainsley Harriott was there, who I know quite well, he's a big Arsenal supporter as well. And we're in this bar and I've got this one friend of mine called Sean, who's black, and there's him and Ainsley are the only two black people in this bar, right? Anyway, this guy comes over and he goes, "Jonathan Creek, innit? "Is this it? You? It is you, isn't it? "Jonathan Davies, is it? Is it? "It's shit, that. Shit that show anyway." Or something like that. And then he turns to my mate Sean who's not Ainsley, and goes, "And your cooking's shit and all." So, so perfect. And we all started going, "Is that cos they all look alike, is it, sir? Ran him out the bar. I'd been on TV doing a charity show, my first ever TV appearance over here, and it was just, I can't remember even where it was, for Amnesty. So I'd only been on TV once and I was in Heathrow, and this guy came over and this is word for word, he come up and he went, "Hey, you? Comedian?" I went "Oh, yeah." And he went "Off the telly?" Right? Like this. I went, "Oh, er, well, yeah." And he goes "Is that him over there?" And he pointed at Rory Bremner. And I went, "Oh, yeah, I suppose he is, yeah." And that was it, no recognition. Did you fly from Dublin today? Yeah. Uneventful flight? Yeah, nobody died, there was nothing. What airline? Ryanair... No, we can say Ryanair. We can say Ryanair. I nearly got banned from Ryanair. You got banned from Ryanair? Nearly. I had to apologise and then I was let off, but I did apologise. What did you do? Or as part of the apology are we not allowed to say what you did? I waited for a long time for a piece of equipment to help me wheel my two small children out of the airport. One was a four-month-old baby and one was a toddler. Do you mean a pram? Your pram? A pram. Do you mean a pram, yeah? A technical piece of equipment. She was waiting for a Panzer. When you said that, in my head, I just seen... It was sort of about that high with wheels, four wheels, something you put the baby in. But all I could see was two trolleys with your children taped to them just being wheeled along. Sealed up in the safety cone. No, and I got very... I picked up the phone and just, I had a four-month-old baby and sometimes... You know, and I was just, I was at the edge. To be fair, that wasn't Ryanair's fault. The baby and toddler weren't... She had them at the beginning of the flight. It was their fault. It was their fault that I didn't have a pram. Yeah. And so I... Where was your pram? And I was waiting and waiting for my pram so I got one of those... Was it your pram though? It was my pram for the children. Yeah, I just picked up a phone and went through to the woman... Oh a wall somewhere? On a wall, yeah. Like in a film - "Get me the President!" I was very rude... Did you have to break glass to get to it? I don't think I'm allowed to say the word I used on this. There's two words and I think I used both of them. Wow. Was it the F word and the C word? No, it was the two words I was told I couldn't say, I used both of them in that phone call. And then they came down and said... Prince Charles. Really? "We're not giving you your fucking pram" - no. "We're not giving you your pram until you come "and apologise to the woman that you just spoke to". Oh, that's so Ryanair! And she was... Was she glowing? She was like that. Yeah, and they have the horrible make-up. "I'm so terribly sorry. I'm sorry I called you a BLEEP." Say that again, say that again. "I am so sorry I called you a BLEEP." We're all right, we're clear. "Norton. Norton!" Well, the other evening... Can you tell me about your monastic footwear? I used to work in The Natural Shoe Store in Neal Street and just loved it, cos this was when Birkenstocks weren't really popularly worn. You can now kind of buy them in Tesco's, you can buy them anywhere, everyone. But then they were kind of almost considered to be sort of miraculous footwear, and they used to cure bad backs and everything like that, and you had to fit them properly and you'd learn the names of the styles. And then this monk came in one day - full habit, brown habit with the rope round. Head's kind of a short haircut, glasses. He stank of cigarette smoke and... Ah, the old smoking monk. Do you know him? And he came in and I sort of fitted him various different styles and he liked the Arizona style, which is the one with the two straps. Are they like sandals? They're sandals, Birkenstock sandals. Are there two straps just over the foot? Yeah - there's no back strap. He'd explained that he was replacing the sandals that he'd made for himself and that had lasted him for seven years, and now he thought he would go for it and get himself a pair of these cos they'd been recommended. And then he started walking round the shop, sort of kicking his legs out in front of him, like that. And I was going, "Why are you doing that?" Monk style... He said, "I just want to make sure I can play football in them." The ones with no back. But I just had this lovely idea of all these monks in their little sandals, and they don't have any other shoes, they've only got that one pair. They've also got an imaginary ball. Smoking cigarettes and playing football, yeah. The ones with no back strap are great because you can kick them at annoying children. I hope not, Phill Jupitus. Do you mean...? Oh, off your feet? Yeah, I've got Birkeys, they're amazing. I mean, I obviously don't get the lesbian discount, but... My mother had... We called them Scholl sandals, and they had a kind of a wooden base or sole... Oh, yeah, classy. But my mum would run after us in the house and try and take her shoe off... To hit you with it? Yeah. Did you not get hit with...? But it was a bit of wood? No, it was like... They're very, they're like corky wood base and they had a big buckle and your mum's toes were all like that. All crunched up from carrying loads of shopping cos your dad needed the car, but he didn't for work cos she left it there all day so your mum could have driven around with the shopping but that's not what happened... Seriously, you're talking about this right now and I'm hearing a song. # And my mother came for me with a shoe from her feet # And she beat us till the dawn of the morning. # But she, she... Was that racist? She would, yeah, it was quite common where I lived for your mother to hit you with a shoe. Did you get whacked with a shoe? The open hand. My father's open hand. Oh, your dad. We used to block our arses with our hands, and our mum used to keep at us, and we'd be going round in a circle and she'd be trying to whack us with the shoe. And then she'd take it off and just throw it at you. How many siblings? Good times! They were brilliant, you know? And then I go to my mother now and my mum goes, "I never laid a finger on you." Which is true, technically. Yes, she didn't touch us - it's true. Were you beaten by a shoe? No, I don't think so. There was, at school, there was corporal punishment. Yeah, I had that. But my dad was the headmaster of the school I went to, my secondary school. Where you got beaten? No, he did have a cane and they had the right to do it and then they weren't allowed to do it without the parents' permission, about 1981 it changed. That is a weird phone call. "Mr Johnson. Hello. "It's the school here, yeah, fine. And how are you? "Good, yeah. We'd like to beat the shit out of your..." "I don't blame you." "Yeah, I know. He is. He's a little bastard. "And just on the arse, really. Probably, yeah. "Will that be all right?" So did you get sent to the office? No, I got... That would be funny, just you and your dad. My dad was kind of quite... "I'm going to phone your mum...." Ask if he can hit him. He was quite a benign figure at the top and then there were two deputy heads, called Mrs Squires, who was just like Mrs Thatcher at the time, and Mr Brooks. And they were both, they were the scary ones. So if I did... Oh, OK. I once carved... There was an old scarred desk and I got a compass and I carved in quite big letters, "Sex is fun," when I was about 13 years old, which to be honest is a phrase that could only be written by someone who's never had sex. "What word would I describe...? Oh, I think fun is the word to describe it." I mean, it is fun but I don't think that's how you'd describe it. And filled it in with ink. And it was quite bad and I nearly got into trouble for that but I got away with it. We used to get hit with a ruler in school, like, on the palm like that. On the hand? Yeah, on the palm, but do you remember? Did you get that where they go like this and then you take it away and they'd add two on? And then you'd have to... Isn't that a game? Well, that came from schools. Did the teachers go, "Come on..." But if you could grab it off them and hit them in the face. Two for flinching - bang, bang! And then you'd have to drink a pint. But, yeah, no, I remember though it being announced in the school that, among us lot, like, cos in Ireland it was that corporal punishment had to be stopped, it ended. And then we just went back to that school like Lord of the Flies. You could hear the kids going... CHANTS We went back and we did whatever we... I went to a public school and I think the feeling was that the school had total control of your entire world, you know. So there was nowhere you could go to tell on anyone for doing anything. They'd throw board rubbers that would hit you and land on you and throw keys at you. Our maths teacher used to throw board rubbers. And pull you by the hair like this and come up behind you and belt you. I remember sitting in music with my friend Ian and we were trying to remember all 22 teams in the First Division, and that's really hard. And we'd just got Coventry and we had two to go and then we both just got clouted over the back of the head, Mr Dolan, who was a mild man, who was the music teacher. Never smiled, but not unpleasant. It was the only time anyone saw him do it. he got us both - bang - like that, as hard as he could. Oh... Honestly... 1812 Overture. His hands would do the cymbals. Did you bang your heads off each other? No, he didn't, I don't think. Ian was really quite strong. Did you both say the name of the last two teams? "Ipswich Town!" "Thank you, Mr Dolan, may I have another?" We had a teacher, very old, he would stand in for a teacher. I think he was around 90, Mr Norton. And he would be at the blackboard and, you know, he'd have his duster. And as he turned around we used to go, "Norton... Norton!" Right? And he knew this, it was a game, basically. He was just going... He'd be rubbing the board harder and harder and we'd be going, "Norton!" And then every kid, there's about 50 kids in this class, they're all going, "Norton! Norton!" And then he would just go, "You bastard!" And throw it as hard as he could into the middle, and whoever it hit, won. He'd go "I did it! Norton!" I went to an all-boys school and there was a teacher who was in her 20s who we all fancied. And I think... Oh, that's good. I think she knew that we all fancied her and we imagined... Do you think? Did she drop things? I mean, hundreds of sexually maturing boys. She is the only female in there - what do you think she thought? I'd say it was much harder to get out of the door after class, was it? Yeah. No-one got up. No-one got up She just left! "Right, you can go now." "Oh..." Ah, the insistent knocking during her lessons... There was one boy in my year who claimed he was having an affair with her. Oh, wow... And we didn't know... Plea for help, cry for help. ..if he was or not. And it became, it seemed most unlikely that she would choose him. He started wearing a waistcoat and a watch chain and generally living a life that wasn't really him. He told us all he was having an affair with the prettiest teacher we'd ever seen, and we all kind of had to go along with it because we couldn't go to her and say, "You're not - are you? "With him?" Was it pipe and velvet jacket, sat there, cravat, "Well, the other evening..." Virtually! He went overnight from being the weedy boy to suddenly he adopted, I don't know if it was cos of the snooker, cos he did look a bit like Steve Davis in a waistcoat and a chain. But anyway, to this day... Did he tell you? Did he just announce it one day? He told someone and it went round the school in about four and a half seconds. "You'll never guess who Miss 'Smith'" - we shall say - "is shagging. It's 'Dave.'" It wasn't Dave. And you never found out in the end if she...? To this day. In a way, what I'm doing now is I'm putting it out there in the hope the truth will come back to me. He's married to her now. We lost four French teachers. The last one, she had enough because we had a French lab, and we had the earphones and the microphone on here so we could answer her back when she asked questions in French and we'd be able to answer and listen to tapes and stuff. But... She could hear you in her headphones? Yes, she was like basically MCing the class. So she got all these voices coming into her head? Did you go to school in the future? In the distant future? But this is why it was called the French lab. We didn't know, this was amazing. So we went in and unfortunately, when we had to do our work, you know, start writing stuff down, she was trying to work away, but we sussed that if you put the mic into the ear, pushed it into the ear, it would go "woooo." So she's trying to... You took her mind from her. She's trying to work and all she can hear is "woooo." You did this to four human beings? This sounds like sort of Guantanamo Bay. Our school had 2,000 children in it. What, what, what? How many were in your school? Well, the first school I went to there were 1,500, and then I got on a scholarship into a boarding school and there were 400 and that was a bit more weird. Were you boarding? Yeah, yeah. And so what age did you leave there? 16, and then... And did you go onto sixth form? No, I went to sixth form college down back near home because there was girls. Ah. Were you doing art, because you've always been a cartoonist, haven't you Yeah. Did you do art at college? No, the funny thing was I didn't. I mean, I chose incredibly poorly. I did Russian O level. Wow! Maths A level, geography A level, when I hadn't passed the O level. Pottery. Oh, I loved pottery. Bit of ceramics, got to love that. I did pottery GCSE. And A level economics that I didn't know a thing about. It was a busy year. Covered in clay, confused. SPEAKS IN RUSSIAN All the motors and everything like just going... We're getting a lot of suicides with Blueberry. Richard, you were writing The Phone Book? When I came to London, I did a few. The first job I did was I worked at a lighthouse parts manufacturing company in Brentford. It was just down in sort of Brentford. In Brentford? Brentford town centre? That kind of '60s sort of...? And then I worked in Ealing at the West London Phone Book. And it was just as they were getting to putting it into computers, so in 1989, 1990. So the 1990 book. And so we had to learn how to type stuff into the computer, which was quite easy. But we spent a lot of time messing around. There was an ex-directory computer there, which you could look up basically rude words and find out what people... There was loads of people called "Wank," just loads of people. But my favourite one was there was someone called Dr Wank, who wanted to be ex-directory but it sounds like a kind of pornographic James Bond villain. "Hmm, yes..." I was sharing a flat with Stewart Lee at the time, the comedian and his... The comedian. The comedian. Well, yeah, some say. And he worked for the Macmillan Encyclopaedia of Horticulture at the time. We had very... It was like we had... Oh, wow. Seriously, I mean thigh deep in vaginas. Wow! Wow! You boys! I changed Stewart, in the computer, the phone book was in his name so I changed his name from Stewart Lee to Stewart Wee. And I thought I'd get caught, but I got away with it. And we were really hoping that someone, we were hoping like a kid would ring up one day and go, "Is Mr Wee there? Ha-ha!" And Stewart could go, "Well, actually the joke's on you "because my name is Stewart Lee, we changed that specifically "for this purpose so..." But we got one call for Mr Wee, which was... They said, "Is Mr Wee there?" And I went "Stew, Stew - "finally it's happened, Mr Wee." And he came through and said, "Hello, Mr Wee speaking," and it was a guy trying to sell mattresses. And Stew listened to his whole spiel and then said, they were orthopaedic mattresses, "That sounds very interesting but the thing is I'm incontinent..." "I have to have my mattresses specially made so that they can cope with that." And he went, "Oh, um, well, thank you," and sort of hung up. And that guy - I'm presuming has a story that he dines out on, of the time he rang up Mr Wee. But it wasn't, the joke's on him cos it's Stewart Lee. I actually used to work in a call centre, like a cold-call centre. Where you had a pile of thick sort of things that had been filled out by other people. Yeah. And then you'd get the number, you'd have sort of detail, and it was a Bacardi Breezer trial, one of them I remember. And having to ring up these people who'd been given Bacardi Breezers to try. And some of them weren't in kind of great shape? And I do remember one guy, the Bacardi Breezer thing, starting to talk about his state of mind and how alone he was and just finding it very, very... "Yeah, yeah. No, I know. I understand." And I've kind of got a pile of things I have to get through but I can't. I'm thinking, you know, just as long as he doesn't, you know, mention suicide, I'm probably all right. But I could probably steer him in the right direction, but just this idea of him with this kind of sad, flavoured Bacardi Breezer trial bottle sort of sitting alone, you know, so thrilled that someone's called him, and it's just me, from a call centre. I was like... When he gets to the end talking about how sad he is, do you have to go, "Well, have you tried pineapple?" Yes. "So which was it? A, B, or C?" "We're getting a lot of suicides with blueberry." I remember walking, I was on Clifton Suspension Bridge, and there's a sign saying, er, "If you're depressed or sad then you might consider ringing this number," and it's The Samaritans. A Samaritans phone. And there's no phone. There's no phone anywhere you can see. And I think if anything's going to tip you over the edge, it's the idea that there's someone on the end of the phone but there just isn't a phone. Oh the Golden Gate Bridge, it's... It should have been the phone that you had at the airport. Every hundred yards on the Golden Gate Bridge there's a phone and a... There's someone there 24 hours a day for that very purpose. To say "Don't jump. Come on." Tell me about being crucified, what does that feel like? Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, this was... Oh, my God... Can I just check that you aren't Jesus? That would be... Yeah, no, I'm ... Before we go any... Cos you're still here. Yeah, no, I'm fine. I don't know what I was going to show you there. Stigmata! Place your fingers into my wounds and believe! Which was, um... But Jesus wasn't actually nailed through the palm. No. It was through the wrist, cos the nails will just rip out - that's what happens there - he would just fall off the cross. You don't have to be roped as well round the arms to hold yourself? They put it right through the bone there, so you'd stay up. They must have tried it. The Romans must have tried it, and they must've just kept slipping off. Going, "Oh, lads, not again?!" How do you know that about the bone? Is that a fact that's out there? Because I'm a Catholic and it's drilled into you, Alan. "Do you know how he was put up on the cross?" We're like seven in class going, "What?" "Yeah, that's right it was nailed to his wrist "and he was kept up by his bones "while he bled to death, you little bastards!" And then he went, "And now - and now we'll do a bit of English". But anyway, anyway... ..the time I got crucified, I worked in a warehouse, er, my job... What?! The time you got crucified? I'm backtracking. I'm backtracking. Best issue of Storage Wars ever. Can you imagine going...? Anyway. $1,000 for that. Anyway, I was in a warehouse and we...myself, I used to do a lot, play a lot of tricks on people just have a bit of fun. Like myself, my mate PJ, I used to make him tea, but I'd put little tiny washers and bolts in the bottom of it. And he'd be like talking away and next minute he'll go - and he'll swallow a little washer And then, at the end of the year, they would drag him round the warehouse with magnets. So... So... And then, another day... We should have done that! Another day, um, a work experience guy arrived, and on his first day we taped him up, and we brought him outside, and taped him to a pole and put a grid on his head. And the police came up and got out and went, "What are you doing?" to the guy. And he went, "They've taped me up!" And they went, "Feckin' idiot!" and got back in Er, another guy, er, another time, I just tried... There is a reason for all this. I then got... The company was owned by an English company, and the warehouse wasn't running too smoothly, so they sent over an English person, who came over - a manager to look after us. Um, about four days in it was that guy's birthday, so we gaffer taped him completely. The English guy? Yeah. The new boss? The new boss, we taped him... And we burned him! No, no. We're beginning to see a pattern here. "Why is it not going well?" "I think it's..." We taped him, right? We then...we then hung a motor chain out of the ceiling and we hooked his... we tied around his ankles and we brought him up into the ceiling on a motor... It's like something out of Reservoir Dogs This isn't a prank! So we're there with the motor control going... And he's going "I'm going to kill you! You're dead! You're dead!" And then we brought his birthday cake out and we put it on the ground and we lowered him in and out of the cake. And he's just like this going... "You're dead! You're dead, Jason!" I'm going... And then we've let him down and took the chains off him and we'd ordered a courier, but before the courier got there we put the said man into a flight case, locked it and the courier guy arrived - he was always an old guy so he never really knew what was going on. So inside - our man - the warehouse manager's going... We lifted him up, put him in the back of the van and that guy delivered him to a theatre. It's a cross between Fargo and Tarantino. Were you crucified for the crimes you committed? Some - quite rightly. Anyway, he was delivered to the theatre and the lads opened up and he was in the theatre and they didn't even let him, didn't give him a lift back. He had to walk back covered in tape and cake. So then... So there was many pranks like that and we would like tie up bikes and.... Had he lost his sense of authority after that? Was it difficult for him the next day? There were more pranks after that? You weren't fired? You didn't lose your jobs? Nobody would fire us. Like we tried... Could you talk me through your six month assessment meeting? Yes, yes! "Well Jason there's been an awful lot of the...the old horse play." There's people on the ceiling and they're hanging there. Cakes and chains, Jason. Cakes and chains. We tried to get sacked. PJ said, "This is it, we're going to get sacked today. This is it." Two of you or more than two doing these pranks? Myself and PJ. You were the ringleaders. We decided we'd have a theme day and we said we'd play the song "Five Four Three Two One" as many times as we could. So we went in and we put it on at nine in the morning. It was like... # Five, four, three, two, one de-de-de-de # Five, four, three, two, one. # And that song ends... # Five, four dum dum... # And then we'd wait a few seconds and all you hear is # Five, four... # So we've brought it up to lunchtime cos the bosses literally knew what we were trying to do and they stayed in their Portakabins and didn't come out. So about ten-to-one Dinar - I can say his name he's a lovely fella - he came out and he just went, "Turn it off!" Right? And we went "No, no, no, no, no, it makes us... "it helps us work. It helps us work" And he went, "Turn it off! Turn it off!" Right? He took the tape out and he ripped it up and put it away. But we'd gotten the tapes out of a bin outside, cos it was in a magazine, it was taped to it. Oh, so you had loads of them? Yes. He ripped it up and we went, "OK, fair enough we won't do it "again." So we waited about 40 minutes. He settled back in and then he was on the phone doing an order. And next we all hear is... # Five, four..." And he just drops the phone, he comes out of the Portakabin and goes, "Right that's it!" And he gets in his car and he goes home! So a lot of people were waiting to get me on my 21st. A lot of people. And everybody had all decided they'd meet up early in that warehouse before I got in that day. And I got in, and I pulled across the big door, and they're all standing there - everybody I'd done like over the years - they're like this. And behind them in the ceiling is a massive crucifix. And it's made out of trussing - you know like what they hang lights off. So it's all out that way and all that way, and it has "JXX1" written on the top. And I went, "Oh, no, please, seriously?" And they went, "This is it Jason." So I ran around the warehouse. They all chased me and then they got me and they stripped me down to my underpants and they chained me and taped me to the cross, on the ground, and they... So I'm on the ground. Next minute all the motors and everything like goes... And they hung me in the ceiling, right? OK? For the rest of the day. Now, you might, I dunno... OK, educated people, crucifixion, you die mainly from asphyxiation because what happened to people when they got crucified was if you hold your arms out like this for too long you can't use your lungs properly. So I started to get faint up there. And they were going "Yeah, yeah, whatever." I went, "I feel dizzy. I don't feel well" And they were setting off pyrotechnics underneath me. They had smoke machines, they were just so and everything. Do you know what they did? Oh, my God. They got beans and poured it on top of the pyrotechnics and exploded them up. So anyway... So eventually I... They did that to Jesus as well. Yes. Cut to a cave in Limerick with a big boulder. "Put him in here." Yes, "Jason walks again." So my girlfriend finally arrived at lunchtime and she went "Get him down he's..." You know? So I got down I was all faint and... So anyway that was grand, I retired to recover. # Happy birthday to... # I got that. But then, six months later, my lung collapsed in the warehouse. So I was talking to my mate PJ and I was going... And the next minute I went... So we never believed each other cos we did terrible things. And I went... and I started to fall on the ground and he went, "Ha, you dope!" And I went, "Peter there's something wrong" And he went "Yeah, yeah, yeah," and kicked me in the back. And I went, "No, I'm kind of breathing funny." And he went, "Yeah, whatever," and he's kicking me. I'm in hospital with a drain in me and PJ going "Oh, Jason, man, I'm sorry." The slitty eyes... And he took my finger out and he went, "Now, you can tell that on stage". I did a show in Edinburgh in '92 called The Love Child of Alan Ladd and this was because... Yeah. My name's Alan as you know and that's supposedly because my mother had a crush on Alan Ladd - the movie star. My mum died when I was six, so I don't really know much about what she thought. But I know this because my dad, when Alan Ladd came on the television would say, "Oh "your mum liked him," and then he'd always remark on how short he was. He'd say things like, "She must be standing in a hole." Yeah. Things like that. I did this show called The Love Child of Alan Ladd. Yeah. And it was on at midnight at no-one was really coming to it but the promoter sent a PR person. I said to them, "Why don't we pretend that the Alan Ladd family are upset about it." So they hired an actress to play a relative of Alan Ladd who did an American accent. Oh, my God. And they got her on local radio in Edinburgh - can't remember which station - and then phoned me up. I had to pretend that the call had come out of the blue. And then we had a row about it, with me saying, "Look there's no offence. I mean it's not... "It's very affectionate about Alan Ladd. I'm named after Alan Ladd - my mother loved Alan Ladd." "You shouldn't use our name and our estate want all the profits from the show. "Well, there aren't any, that's the reason we're doing this." It was fun. It was the only real bit of the run of the show that I really enjoyed doing - the fake publicity stunt. And then as I was walking down the hill back to where I was staying, there was one of those boards outside a newsagent and it said, "Film star love-child anger". And so I just nicked it, you know? Had it on my wall for years. I was absolutely horrified to discover that I was named after Prince Philip. Hmm. Were you really? Yeah. I don't have much time for him, it has to be said. Royalty in general. I'm ... You don't return their calls? I'm fuckin' named after one. He's a good one to be named after though, isn't he? What the racist, pointed - "Slitty eyes"...? You can do him as well! You can do him! You're doing him! Oh, my God, it is just like... Yeah. And it's one of those things that your mother'll just drop in. Mum was really really good at just telling me hideous facts when I'm in the middle of a beverage at home. We're chit-chatting about this, that and the other, and I'm sitting and the telly's on and there's a wedding or something I'll go, "Those sponging bastards look at them!" She goes, "I don't know what you're on about you're named after one!" What people might not know about you, Phill, cos you can do Prince Philip quite well, but one thing that you're not... I don't think you've fully exploited that you can do so many voices - you can do all of the Simpsons. "I am the best. I am the best." My favourite Homer one is, "It's still good. It's still good" Were you... when anything - any food drops? No the best, the best Homer quote ever, and it's one of the most beautifully written Simpsons bit, is when he goes to Vegas and he goes, "Guess how many boobs I saw, Marge?" And he's sat there and he's completely pissed and he goes, "15!" I did meet Dan Castellaneta who does Homer's voice and he came to the Edinburgh Festival. He didn't seem to mind doing a bit of Homer and a mutual friend said, "He'll do some Homer "he won't mind. I'll ask him." And then you're chatting to him and then he suddenly goes, "Can you lend me some money, Alan?" But completely as Homer - it comes out of his mouth and it's weird. Well in Kilkenny at the comedy festival... Have you been to that? Yeah, yeah, a few times, in the nineties. ...which is great. So Dan Castellaneta was there and George Wendt was there. They were doing improv. And Dan wasn't doing the voices. So of course Irish people being the Irish started going, "Homer! "Homer! Homer!" And then he just went, "Oh, OK, I'll "do Homer but I'll do it as long as you all close your eyes." Right? And so we all closed our eyes. And he did Homer going into Cheers talking to Norm. And it was the best thing you'll ever hear. Right. Wasn't it at Kilkenny when George Wendt was there... Dylan? Yeah. You tell it, everyone knows this story. Phill, go on. Do you know it? Yeah, but it's just everyone... Everyone had agreed not to call him Norm. Everyone agreed not to when George Wendt walks into a bar... Not to call him Norm? Don't go "Norm!" Don't go "Norm" when he walks in. He gets it all the time ... Don't mention the Norm. Yeah. He walks into this busy bar and everyone looked round and he was braced, nothing happened, they carried on drinking. He was, "Ah, brilliant! Fantastic" had a lovely, lovely evening. And then he goes into the toilets - Dylan Moran is on the floor, sparko, unconscious. And Wendt goes, "Oh, my God, this guy." and he wakes him. He wakes Dylan. "You all right?" And Dylan Moran's lying there and opens his eyes and goes, "Norm!" That's not how I heard it. No? You tell it. On the toilet? That he's on the toilet. Norm's on the toilet - sorry, George. No, Dylan's on the toilet. Dylan's on the toilet? Yeah. It's not Norm. Dylan's in the loo. He's actually in the one place, George, where he's really going but he hasn't secured the door properly and Dylan Moran pushes the door and he sitting on the toilet and goes, "Norm!" and closes the door. Do you know Ricky Grover? Remember Ricky? Yeah. OK, Big Ricky. Big Ricky. Oh, Buller. Yeah, love Buller. He's in EastEnders or whatever. Ricky's brilliant. I'd never met him but I was going to do like a gig with him. I was going to do an open spot. I had all my little props and it was all just arrived from Ireland. And Ricky collected me - huge ex-boxer. I'm in the car, we drive to the gig, we do the gig and we turn round and we go back home. And we're driving along the motorway and he seems nice - don't really know him - it's all fine, and then he turns in, he turns into a lay-by, turns the engine off and goes, "Right - go ahead" "I'm sorry? What?" And he went, "It's to pay for the petrol. Go ahead, get yourself round that." Right? He's the most intimidating man alive but... And I was... He's huge. I'm going, "Um, can I not just give you the money?" He went, "Oh, I'm only having a laugh!" I was white as a ghost. Well it's quite a good tactic, isn't it, if you want to go and see what they do, and then go, "Oh, I was only having a laugh." The size of him, I would have eventually... On the subject of genitalia... Oh, yes. ..what is it about your testicles that are so stressed? They're "stress-ticles". "Stress-ticles". I was working very hard and my left testicle started to balloon and it was like, "Oh that's really, that's really sore." I was in Australia and they did blood tests and everything. They're going, "We don't know what's wrong with you." We thought I'd maybe caught something in the water, or whatever, like when I was drinking, cos sometimes there can be an E Coli thing, you know? And my kidneys were starting to hurt and my wee was on fire and... and the ball was just getting bigger and bigger. And then I just went home, I got home to Ireland and I got to a specialist. And he went, "Let me stop you there. Is your ball big?" "A bit yeah." "Are your kidneys sore?" "Yeah." "Is your wee hurting you?" I went, "Yeah," "Right, it's stress. "Your balls are getting bigger because of stress." I went, "Stress?" He goes, "Yeah, you must be very stressed right now. "I get many men in here when they're stressed." Cos when men are stressed, they do that with their bum and their testicles, they go... ..like this when they're stressed. So I had basically been pumping my ball up! I have never heard of this. I know. And, right, he gave me a prostate examination just to make sure it wasn't too bad in there. But what happened is that had gone up a little bit and I was on my side, and he did the usual examination, on my side, but he just... They just have to go like that and take it out again. But he went in... When he took it out, did your ball go... No, but he... What he did was... I was on my side and he put it in and he got my prostate and then he manoeuvred his finger some way and he pressed something and I went, "Whoooh!" # Five, four, three, two, one..." But he pressed something, right? I felt something weird up my penis, I don't know what it was. Whoa! It was his finger! He had pressed something that shot up my penis and, er, he took me finger out and he went, "Now, you can tell that on stage." And I said, "Were you not examining me?" He goes, "No, I put that extra bit in for you." For material?! Yeah. He said, "Maybe you can tell a joke about that." He goes, "That's an extra button." And he's a doctor?! Now listen, we have to think of a title for the programme. Er, The Wank Doctors. Dr Wank - The Wank Doctor. Crucifixion Swell. Swell Ball? Er... I'm quite interested in that penis thing. Like what happened there? You know, like ...? The prostate? Yeah, what did he do? We all want to know! There's a bit where your... basically your wee comes out and he'd pressed the bottom of that and the pain shot up through there like a spiral. It went... Sex is Fun fits in with that. Yes, Sex is Fun. Only if he'd carved it into this desk. Yeah. I think that when you do the next series, here's what you should do. Just for a laugh, just get four comedians that have not seen the show at all and then, er, when they come out, just have a revolver in the middle of the table and one bullet. Right? Then the next week, a rat in a cage with like a head-sized hole in it. It's time for someone to wear the hat of fun. I'm surprised that Richard hasn't already carved it into the desk. I could do. I can, if you give me a compass. Well, I think it's an excellent... Sex is Fun? Yeah. I agree. ..an excellent title. I'm happy with that. I'd like to thank Jessica Hynes, Phill Jupitus, Richard Herring, Jason Byrne. You have been watching "Sex is Fun". Good night. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 