Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s3e3 - I'm Locked in with a Ham and I'm Not Coming Out - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 3, Episode 3 - I'm Locked in with a Ham and I'm Not Coming Out - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}ALAN DAVIES: AS YET UNTITLED 03 CTO M745D/82 BF000000 Always look right and left when you're crossing the road. It's a very clever thing to do. This is the Hospital Club. Haven't been here since 1873 when I had TB. Oh, we're here. This is gonna be fun, because I'm wearing a yellow dress. Won't be long. Just doing my prep. Oh, I love them! I love them all. {\an1}APPLAUSE Hello. I'm Alan Davies and this is As Yet Untitled, the show that is completely unprepared, unrehearsed, unscripted. Our sole aim for the evening is to come up with 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a title for the show and to that end, I need some talented and brilliant guests. Fortunately, I have four of them. Please will you welcome my guests. {\an1}APPLAUSE Welcome. We have Jo Enright here, for whom opportunity nearly knocked and she's NOT a master criminal. Jo Enright. {\an1}APPLAUSE Jim Moir. Jim Moir is very much aware of the aggression of pigs. Yeah. {\an1}APPLAUSE Aisling Bea, who likes taking in old men and whose mum was not loving it. {\an1}APPLAUSE 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And Justin Moorhouse. Justin Moorhouse is very wary of piracy. {\an1}APPLAUSE Very welcome. It's nice to see you, Jo. I saw Jo in the corridor and I don't think I've seen you for about 20 years. Thanks, yeah. She's been in that corridor, waiting around going, "Ooh, when will Alan come back?" I'm very much enjoying this lemon approach. Thank you very much. Charity shop. Well, you know, I kind of guessed, but it's great when you find something like that in a charity shop. We were saying before the show, me and Aisling, somebody very happy died. Someone might have been married in that. It's got that kind of look about it. I would say 1972? Really? Well, you can tell by the rounded collars, can't you? I thought that was '60s. Am I wrong? I think those collars, '72. Can't remember what you call them. I'm impressed. It's a Peter Pan collar, I think, is it? Is that what that's called? Yeah, I think so. Someone in the audience went "Yep." What a strange heckle - "Yeah, that's what you call them!" They're very confidently nodding at me. Oh, somebody else. Give me another, give me another. Give me a different type of collar. I've recently started wearing the tank top because I'm 45 and I've decided to improve my life. I want to dress as a toddler. So I started wearing the tank top. Now, if you try and find a tank top on the internet, you won't get one. Really? They're now called slipovers. They've been re-branded. Do you remember the bodywarmer? Yeah. That's now the gilet. Yeah. The tank top is now a slipover. Is that right? She's like the sage of all things fashion! She's just like that..."Hmm." What's the difference between a slipover and a pullover? One just slips up because it's so big. The other one, you have to pull. You have to pull over, yeah. A slipover's a thing that you do, though - you slip over. You pull over as well if the police ask you, "What you wearing that jumper for?" It's true. You pull over. "Pull over! Where did you get it?" I remember the bodywarmer. So bad! First thing I said. Everyone used to wear bodywarmers... Not everyone. In your world. In my world. I've never worn one. Have you worn one? Have you worn one? I've worn a bodywarmer. I come from a long line of people with very cold bodies and hot arms. It's a strange affliction! No, you have hot bodies and cold arms with the bodywarmer. No, your body's cold so you can warm it up. What you're doing is getting your body up to the level of your arms. Exactly, yes. But you can never buy sleeves on their own, can you? That would be good, wouldn't it? Where are all the sleeves? There's a warehouse full of sleeves. Is that right? Is that what they do? Cut the sleeves off? Or long gloves, that would do it, wouldn't it? I grew up in a house. I don't know if anybody... Did you? Yes, it was amazing, Alan. Four walls and a roof. I grew up in a house without central heating. Did anybody else? Yeah, it wasn't invented. Yeah. And it means that kind of psychologically... When you spend the first 18 years without central heating, you always feel kind of cold. You're scared you'll lose it again. You're scared to go outside in case you lose the heat again. Did you have a fire? We had a gas fire in the living room and a gas fire in the front room and you couldn't read in bed, because your hands were freezing and your nose would go freezing. No, I do remember that - hot water bottles and pulling the... I used to put my school clothes on in bed. Just have them there, drag them in, try and put your trousers on. Putting me tie on was the hardest thing, under the covers. And then just slip out to school under the duvet. When I was renting flats in London, you'd always lift it up and use the hairdryer to warm the bed. My friend set her bed on fire doing that. She had no heating in her house and put the hairdryer on, then just looked away and it went... They had to put it out. It was very dangerous. Warm, though. Yeah, very warm, in fairness. When I was a student, we had ice on the inside of the windows. Yeah, I did too. There's a lot of murmuring. Yeah, yeah. A lot of murmuring about that, when the condensation froze overnight. There are people alive today who don't know the sound of the windows rattling... I know. ..in the wind. Do you remember the storm of '87? It's like being round your grandad's house. It's just like a day... "There are people that don't know..." The storm in '87, I was at university in Kent. I was in Whitstable in Kent. In Sevenoaks, there used to be seven oaks, and in the morning, there were six. And that's true. That is true. One of them I've got in my kitchen now. Have you? Well, it's what I was told when I bought the house in Kent. There's a really nice part of the kitchen made out of this really nice oak. And it's one of the oaks? That was one of the trees that came down at Sevenoaks. You know what they did? They planted seven oaks and now they've got eight, so now it's confusing. I was right in the thick of that storm. I was doing a warm-up for Doctor and the Medics at the Astoria and we all went back to this hotel afterwards and someone said, "Have you seen what's going on outside?" There was bins and trees flying through the air. So I got in the taxi with the only taxi driver who was driving around that night and he was insane. He said, "This is fantastic fun, isn't it?" I thought, "I've made a mistake getting in the car with you." And he went right across Regent's Park, right across the grass and everything, because there was no-one out to stop him doing whatever he wanted. Oh, my God! And I got back to my house in Deptford and I couldn't find it, because all the trees had fallen down in front of the flats. Eventually worked out where I might be and crawled through... It was like going through a jungle. And I had to smash a window to get in. It was amazing, wasn't it? I remember the chimneystack fell down next door. But we lay there all night with the window... You felt like the window was going to come out of its... What is it? Frame. Frame. Frame. That's why I'm here - any architrave-based enquiries. I instinctively went to you! I don't know why I did it. Because of the bins. I used to involved in plastic building supplies. Did you really? Yes. I could talk to you about opal four-quad polycarbonate. I wish you would. Well, if anyone watching this has got a problem with their, er... You know your traditional... Not your traditional, the cheap conservatries that people have on the back of their houses next to their wheelie bins... They have that lining on the roof. What happens is when it's cut, the plastic gets inside them and if it's not cleared out properly, it has a spider effect it will blow the whole roof and it's a nightmare. Why does mine leak? That woman over there is... Trying to tell us. I'll have to come and have a look. Would you? Yeah, yeah. It's only now and then, which is the strange thing. It doesn't leak... Is it when rains? ..when it's not raining! When it rains, in various places now and then. Yeah, yeah. It's got a mind of its own. Do you think it's someone playing tricks on you? Do you think it is? "Oh, this will drive you nuts now!" There's a ghost in the conservatory? Yeah, that's where they normally hang out. I did a wedding. I'm a stand-up comedian. I've never done a wedding. Been asked loads of times to do weddings and I've always said no. Like a stranger's wedding? Yeah, but then this guy eventually said to me, "Look, I think you'll be all right. I've seen you a few times. "It's at my house." And he lived in Something Something Hall. I thought, "Well, even if it's not all right, he's got enough money." You know? And I did a bit of stand-up and the band for the night were The Hothouse Flowers. Oh, I love them. What?! Oh, my God! I said, "I'd love to meet The Hothouse Flowers! "Where are they?" And they went, "They just went into the conservatory." They waiting in the conservatory and I went, "Really? Is that the Hothouse Flowers in the conservatory?" And they went, "Yeah." I was going... Do you get it? Yeah! It'll be a tough gig. I went, "Was it a hothouse...?" They went, "Dunno." And The Hothouse Flowers were lovely. Did you do stand-up at a wedding? Yeah. I've never heard of that before in my life. That sounds like the most awful, awful experience. I've done, I would say, ten stand-up gigs in me life. And they've all been diabolical, but one of them was at a big posh mansion place. Yeah. And it was the last one I ever did and I thought, "This is gonna go bad." And I've been a vegetarian for then years and it was a very big house and I locked myself in a room with a York ham... ..and got rid of the ten years of vegetarianism. And I didn't do the gig. I said, I'm in here with a ham and I'm not coming out." {\an8}But sometimes things get sucked up the back, {\an8}like socks and jogging bottoms. Can you tell me why you're not a master criminal? Well, the reason... OK, I'm actually quite rubbish. I'm quite embarrassed by this story, really, because I'm not that person any more. But when I was 17, I used to run a launderette in Birmingham on my own, as a part-time job. And people would come in, obviously, and bring their service washes, and it was my job to sort of wash them and dry them. And sometimes I'd kind of give them back damp and just put a few 20 pence pieces. I thought you just tumble-dried and folded them. Oh, no, it's quite complicated. Very complicated. And one day I was doing this lady's wash. She bought it in in the morning and I washed it and I was drying it and as I was drying it, I saw a pair of jogging bottoms that I quite liked. And the flesh is weak. And so I took them, basically, thinking, they're not a name - they're not Adidas. Not even Primark - hadn't been invented. I just took them and thought she'd never notice. So anyway, she came and I smiled her off. She left. And this is why I'm not very good at this sort of thing. I actually wore them the next day. To the launderette? Working in the launderette. The day she's most likely to come back and say... Yes. "There wasn't a pair of jogging bottoms in there, was there?" I know, I know! Were they really distinctive? Did they have Madonna down one side or something? They were really plain, but because I'm only 4'10", it's difficult to get things that are the right length. Oh, no. Was she 4'10" as well? She must have been. I didn't measure her. I just... just stole them very quickly. Anyway, I thought I'll never see her again and she can't prove anything. You know? Did you have a look in the back and there's a name there? Two mistakes there. I WILL see her again and she WILL prove this. So anyway, the counter came up to my waist. And the jogging bottoms did. And she came in when I was behind... The next day, I was wearing them, she came in and I was behind the counter pressing myself up and she was like, "I don't know what happened. I bought my jogging bottoms in." And I lied, basically, and went, "It's the machines." Some things never come out. "Sometimes things get sucked up the back, "like socks and jogging bottoms." And I kept them, and that was it. She fell for that? She fell for that. She went away and believed me, because... Because it was the machines. Yes. So I wore them all the way through my drama degree for three years. You got a lot of use out of them. They served me well, Alan. Yeah. I'm still embarrassed. I still go red when I tell that story. I don't know what made me do it. It was just one of those mad things. You were young and desperate and working in a launderette. I understand. I was young and desperate. I think I wanted to see what it felt like to just take... Just to steal something - to be that kind of person. Like Winona Ryder. Remember when she just took...? Yes, it was a Winona Ryder moment. It was. A moment of madness. She did it on Rodeo Drive, didn't she? Which is high-end fashion. I remember stealing Boots peppermint... Because loads of the girls were stealing and I was like, "Oh, God, got to get in on this stealing vibe. Everyone's doing it." And I went into Boots, which had opened up an Ireland and was like, "If I'm going to steal from anyone, "I'll steal from The Man." I took peppermint foot massage cream. Oh! And still even when I have peppermint tea or anything, I'm still like, "Oh, God, I was a criminal once!" The smell of it... Did you put it on your feet and then stride back into the shop, taking a walk? "Wait a minute! You'll never catch me, boys!" Yeah. Most people in their teenage years do a little bit of shoplifting, don't they? Yeah. They've tried it. The worst bit is five years after that, whenever you're in the shop and you're not stealing, you think people are looking at you. Yeah. How do you not look like you'd look like you don't look like you look, like you think you look? You wish you'd stolen more stuff in the '80s. There was no cameras. That's right. There was no CCTV on the streets. We should all have nicked more stuff. I heard once, I don't think you can do it now, but you used to be able to go into a supermarket and eat things in it. Yeah, as long as you'd eaten it. If you'd eaten it... Oh, my mother was a big old, little grape here, a little bit... We used to take a little Calor gas camping stove in with us, set it up with a frying pan. Bacon and eggs. My friend, she gets, like, a steak and puts in that it's potatoes, so it weighs like potatoes. Then buys herself a steak! I don't have the balls to do that. That appears to be flawless. Yes. Tell me why you like to take in old men. I think that's a reference to when... I've been in England about eight and a half years now and when I went to drama school over here and I was quite... I didn't have loads of cash at the start and in my second year of drama school, I got my heart broken by a guy... Aww! Yeah, no, it's fine. Don't worry about me. Heartless people here. Don't even care. But I got my heart broken by a guy and I decided to go out with my friends in Stoke Newington and get absolutely hammertoothed with the drink. And I spent all of my cash on all of the drink and my ex-boyfriend turned up at this bar and I was like, "Oh, no, he's here! I have to hide." And I remember trying literally trying to do this, "Don't tell him I'm here. I'll just hide!" Thinking, "He'll never know it's me!" We only spent two years together. As if he wouldn't know. "Oh, God!" So I collected up my things and like, "I've got to sneak out!" And so I snuck out of the pub, like this. And just as I came out, my bus flew by and I'm like, "Oh, no, I have no money!" And I kind of thought maybe I'll go into this taxi office and see if I can charm a taxi out of them. You know when you're like, "Mm-hm! I'll just charm a taxi out of them. "They won't be able to resist this." And I went in and of course, that didn't work. And I turned around and there was a man in his early seventies, who was going, IRISH ACCENT: "Listen. Right, I, I, I'm not going to pay 50 quid "to get down to Clapham. "I have to be back in Angel in Upper Street tomorrow morning at 6am. "That's only three hours away. "I'm not going to pay it, so just give me half-price, "cos I need to come back quite soon." And the taxi man was having none of this. They were sick of Irish people trying to charm deals out of cabs. But I was like...light bulb! I was like, "Excuse me, are you from Ireland?" He was like, "I am." "Listen, I live in Angel, "so if you pay for the taxi back to Angel, you can stay at my house." "Ahhhh!" So I was living with my sister and basically woke up in bed the next morning. This doesn't get saucy at all, don't worry. Oh, Geoffrey! But woke up the next morning and my sister said to me, "Aisling, have you been in a play with an old man?" I was like, "What?!" "There's an old man on the couch." And I was just like, "He said he'd be gone by six o'clock in the morning." And I went downstairs, like, "Excuse me!" And he's like, "Oh, I'm sorry. I must have fallen asleep." But Sinead was so annoyed at me. "Aisling, he could have raped us!" I was like, "Ah, listen, no!" I said, "Would you tell her you were never going to rape us?" And he was like, "I was never going to rape you." And he left. Sinead was like, "You can't, just because someone's Irish, "you can't just bring them and leave them on the couch. "It's really bad." I was like, "Yeah, in hindsight, when you put it that way, it's really bad." I really learnt my lesson from bringing old men home. I did it once as well. Did you? Yes. You took an old man in? Well, I befriended an old tramp and he had... You know those things in your throat? Yeah. A dickie bow? He had a thing on. "I talk like a robot." I thought he was fascinating, because he said he was a poet. I met him in the pub. He was about 80 and he told poems in kind of an electronic way through his neck. So all me mates went off somewhere and I said, "Well, come back to our house. "They've all gone off. Come and have a drink at my house in Brixton." So they all came back. I'd gone to the toilet or something, but they all came in and all I saw was this bloke doing electronic poetry through his neck on the sofa. And then I came in and they said, "What's happening here?" "I thought he was interesting so I brought him home." But from then on, he kept turning up on the doorstep. He kept coming back? Yeah. That's what they'll do, homeless people, if you give them a home. {\an8}I can't sign on with a huge tan, {\an8}so I put talcum powder all over my face. Can you tell me about your "thinner voice"? My thinner voice. Right, I tell people this... This is a story that I tell people and they go, "Hmm." I swear on my child's life this happened. This was about 12 years ago and we were doing some gigs in Shanghai. And it was all right. Not a lot to do in the day, cos we didn't really... There's not a lot to do. This was in Shanghai? In Shanghai. Not the strip club? No, in Shanghai in China. Actual Chinese town. So she said, "Let's go for a massage." And in China, they often train blind people to do massage, when they're kids. So they get blind kids and teach them how to do massage. And we went for this massage and this blind man, he was about 20... He was great. He was brilliant and it was like 5 pence or whatever. It was so cheap and they did massage and it was great afterwards. And as I got off the bed, he said to me, "I'm very sorry, I'm going to have to charge you more." I said, "Why?" And he said, "Because you're a lot fatter than you sound." It sounds like a joke. {\an1}APPLAUSE I did one. It was a big posh American production, so I had the biggest Winnebago ever and after finishing filming for the day, she said, "Would you like a massage, sir?" And I usually say no. "Oh, go on, then, yeah, I will." So this woman comes in and she says, "Sit down on this chair" in the middle of my Winnebago. So there's a window and there's people wandering by. So she does me back and all that and she goes, "I'm going to do your feet now." So I'm sitting in this chair and she goes right down, she's going like that on me feet. And the next thing, all the crew are looking through the window. "That's lovely! That's just great." I'll say no more. Whenever you go away, it's like, you're in a hotel or something, and there's a menu of massage. You go, "I'll have a massage. "It'll be all right." What's it like getting a massage as a man? I've only ever had massages from women. There is something oddly... It's very odd when a stranger, they just like get you to take off all your clothes and they really get... Cos now there's a big thing. Because no-one ever really touches your arse. You hold a lot of tension, cos you're sitting on it all day, so a big thing when you get a massage - it's like knead it like bread. But it's so weird to have a stranger... Who told you that? ..sticking their thumb... This old man, he was staying at my house, he was from Northern Ireland and I have to say I felt very relaxed after it, particularly after the drink. So someone's told you that you carry a lot of tension... "You're carrying a lot of tension in your arse!" ..in your bottom. "Let me take care of that, love." "Thank you!" Tell me about your mum not loving it. What's that about? Oh, when I was at university, to put myself through university, I did an advert for McDonald's the restaurant. Yeah, the restaurant. The fast restaurant, McDonald's, and I did this advert where I kiss the face off a guy, then find a pound or a Euro in his back pocket and went, "Mmm!" And, "She's loving it!" It was a bit mixed messages, cos you were trying to work out what exactly does she love? That or stealing or what exactly? But apparently, my character would then go on to buy a burger for a Euro from the Euro saver menu or whatever it was. I was like, "Ah, well, no-one will ever see it." Of course, the thing was rolled out all across Ireland and there's only one bus stop in my town and I was on that bus stop going, "Mmm!" Like this. And of course, it didn't take long before someone having a laugh... It was my first year in university, so I'd only moved out a year. Someone who I knew wrote, you know, "Aisling's a slapper" in marker on the... Which is fair enough, but it's no reason to deface public property. And so my mother went in in the middle of the night with Jif and a J-cloth and washed it off. Your mother cleaned the bus stop? Yes, she cleaned the bus stop. Good woman, Aisling! She washed it all off. Hang on a minute - there can't have been one bus stop in your town? Yeah. That means you could leave the town, but you couldn't... You could never come back. There must be at least two bus stops. One day, I'll get back. When they build one, I'll definitely go back and see my mother finally after all these years. Where do you live now? England. This is as far as I've come. I was like, "I'll go somewhere that's a bit like Ireland but posher." I've never had a lust to go wandering, for some reason. What's the furthest you've been - Guildford? No, I've gone to America and I remember one year there was a cheap holiday deal when I was a kid to go to Cuba, randomly, and... And bring something back? And so myself my mother and my sister went off to Cuba over the Christmas holidays. And I remember when I came back, people were like, "What did you do over Christmas, Aisling? "We went to my granny's in Bunratty." And I was like, "Oh, we went to Cuba" and no-one believed me. So I went to school after having said I'd been to Cuba, came home to my mother and said, "Mammy, no one's believed me that we went away to this place." She said, "Don't worry." And she got out her Indian earth compact, which is like pre-fake-tan bronzer and she's like, "Don't worry." And she just put brown on my face and sent me in the next day to school. I was like, "Well, lads! Queue up, naysayers. As you can see, I've been away." And people still say to me, "Do you remember that time? "We always thought you were a bit weird, "because you came in with all that glitter on your face." I did the same thing in reverse once. I went on holiday to Greece and it was the cheapest holiday ever, but I went and I came back. I was signing on at the time and I came back with a massive tan. So I thought, "I can't go sign on with a huge tan," so I put talcum powder all over my face, so it was like.... Did it work? Well, I don't know. I mean, I got some looks as I walked in looking like a zombie and powder's dripping off me face as I signed on. Making a sort of paste on your face as you sweated through it. Can you tell me about your awareness of the aggression of pigs? When I was 14 I went to work on a pig farm, cos it was just a job. I lived in the country and that's what you did - you went to work on a farm. So this was a pig farm. It was the scruffiest, most Dickensian pig farm ever and there are so many stories I could tell you about this. For instance, on my first day, they said would I like to something to eat, so I went into the farmhouse and there was a massive freezer that they had a carcass in that they ate their dinner off. And I got offered this bowl of soup and two of the biggest bollocks were floating in it and the farmer's wife... I just looked at it and she says, "Do you not want it?" And I said... I tried a bit and said, "It's a bit salty." So she said, "We'll give it to the dog. Have a sandwich instead." So the farmer gave me this bacon sandwich, which looked great, but he hadn't washed his hands. Ugh! And there was pig shit all over the bread... Ohhh! ..as he gave me it, so I had to decline that as well. Anyway, and then he said, "Right, we're going to go and feed the..." First job was cutting the balls off the pigs. Then after that, we had to go and feed them. While they were alive? Yeah, the little ones. Oh, just... Hmm. Do they stay in the sack, like with sheep? You cut them, squeeze them, cut them again, pull them out, cut them off and put them in a dish and then let them run off. Do you put them on a tray like Ferrero Rocher? They can be displayed like that and I have seen them like that. The ambassador. But the ferocity of pigs as to which you're alluding... Yes. He used to make me go... There was one pig which was really vicious. And some pigs get really vicious and this pig's brother had taken a bloke's leg off. Had taken a blokes leg off?! Yeah, his brother. And this one was really vicious as well. He said, "Right, we're going to..." Seriously, the bloke lost his leg? Yes. Well, the brother of the pig I had to go in and feed. So he would say, "You go and feed it and I'll stand by "on the other side of the wall with a pitchfork, "and if it comes near you I'll try and keep it away." So you was 14. There was a one-legged man, saying, "That pig's brother's a nasty one. I don't trust that one." And all you've got to look forward to was a shit-covered bacon sandwich and bollock soup for your lunch? Young boys then. And you're 14. Yeah. And kids complain these days if they've not got an X-box or something. That's what you call a Saturday job, isn't it? It was great. I loved it. It was quite fun. And there was another time when I was at the top of the field and you have a bag of pig nuts and you go and feed the pigs. What? You've taken off the other pigs? You feed the balls back to the other pigs? No. The nuts are cobs. Oh, real nuts! OK. They're called pig nuts, but they're cobs. They're like... Oh, I think that's awful! Otherwise, this story was sounding horrific! So I'm up the field feeding all the pigs these nuts, cobs - golf-ball sized balls of condensed corn. Like that, you know. Then I start walking back down, but I've got a couple left in the bottom of the bag and that's what they respond to - the sound of the shakes. So I'm walking down, I turn round after hearing this thundering and 40 pigs are running down the hill. Oh, my God! Then I run and it's like in slow motion. I run and I throw myself over this gate and they all go boof, boof, boof, boof, smacking into the gate. Horrible, isn't it? I'm a vegetarian and have been for a long time. I don't eat meat. Every time I say that, there's silence in the audience. They're, "How much cheese has he eaten?" How many falafels? Yeah. And I'm a proper... This is a joke, but this is true. I'm a proper vegetarian. Some people eat fish. What are they called? I'm a pescatarian. Hypocrites. Ah, OK. I'm going to choose which animal to kill. Yeah, all right, God. But my mum used to work at a well-known sausage factory. Walls. And when you first start working in these places, they say that when the pig goes in, the only thing that comes out is the squeak. They use everything. Yeah, yeah. My best friend became a vegetarian. She was the first vegetarian I'd ever met. And she became a vegetarian when she was about 12 and we didn't know any vegetarians, but because she was listening to The Smiths and she was very influenced by Morrissey, she decided to stop eating meat. And we were in an Irish family and nobody did that. Yeah. So her mum would have... Everybody else would have meat and her mum would just leave a gap where the meat was. There was no replacement. There was no... It was like mashed potato, you know, vegetables and a gap. It's like leaving an empty chair for Grandad at the Christmas table - that's where the meat would have gone. Sunday lunches, where you go to a friend's house and they'd word it, you know, "He's a vegetarian." So I went to this house once and she went, "I've been very careful. I've done the roasts in just sunflower oil. "And the potatoes and the mash and the carrots..." I was like... Cos when you're a veggie, you don't often get a nice meal. You know, it's like... She goes, "That's great, that." She went, "I've got you this." She'd got me a little nut roast from Marks's. Aw! She cut it up for me. I was just savouring it and she got the gravy and went all over it like that. Rinsing it under the tap. Don't worry - that's just shit. You know you're hungry when you find yourself rinsing carrot. I was in Paris once. I was in this restaurant and it was a pork-based restaurant and it said you could have "la tentation de St Augustin." Have you heard of that? Yep. Pig on toast. It's basically a pig's face upside down and you scrape out what meat and fat you can find out of it. It's the most disgusting... But, you know, that's the right thing. I'm a vegetarian, but I think people should eat that. Yeah, but there's not much in there. It's just a pig's head. What I think is awful about pigs is they look like us if we were cooked, cos they're so close to us - their skin and everything. I'm kind of, like, hammy. Aim higher. They are, though. If you think we look like pigs, aim higher. I don't think any of us look like pigs. But my hands go really cold, but they can also go really clammy and pink. Trotters. Yeah, they look really... Some people are made of chicken. I'm ham. I'm ham. And sometimes it's awful. They've gone a little bit clammy now, so if I shake your hand, I feel like I'm passing you a slice of ham. Well, I'm quite clammy as well. Yeah, between the two of us, like two hams mating. Oh! Like a pastrami sandwich. I didn't eat this la tentation de St Augustin. I put it in me carrier bag and then put that in me backpack thing that I had. And then I thought, "I'm going to dump this. "Cos I'm not going to eat it "and I don't want them to think that I haven't enjoyed it." So the first thing that happens is he came out and says, "Did you enjoy your temptation?" What's it called again? The temptation of St Augustin. Say it in French again, though. La tentation de St Augustin. So he said, "Did you enjoy it?" I said, "It was delicious." He said, "You like so much you eat everything?" "Yeah, I did, actually. Thank you. Here's your money." So I walked off and then I started walking around. It was a very hot day and you can imagine... I forgot it was in there. I know. I bought a pair of shoes, put them in me backpack. Why does it stink everywhere around here today? Smells of rotten pig's head. Then I remembered. {\an8}People were swarming round him. One woman said to me, {\an8}"What are you? Are you his minder?" {\an8}Yeah, look at me. "No, I'm his wife!" You know about pirates, don't you? Yeah, I do. You're really quite expert on pirates. Well, it was a thing... I got very... I was one-directional. I just wanted to know about pirates, a lot. At what age? Quite late. About 15 years ago. So you did quite a lot of reading? I did a lot of reading and I got a lot of books. In fact I've got William Dampier's two first edition volumes of his voyages around the world. You know, I spent a lot of money on piracy. What's a pirate? Is all this piracy in the Caribbean? It's all over the place - wherever they could rob a ship. I could take you through it, but it's very long and probably not right for this programme. I quite like it, though. I'm quite interested it. But this isn't the piracy that you're wary of? No. In Hyde, there weren't a lot pirates. This story is... I used to work at a local radio station in Manchester and I was the DJ, you know. And the station was did really well. And we had the latest figures in and the boss said, "We're going to have a party!" Because we're a radio station and because we were on a canal, the theme of the party was pirate radio. Oh, I see. So he went for it. He dressed up as Jack Sparrow - the full gear on and everything and most people... One or two had a stuffed parrot. Most people had a cutlass and an eye patch. And everyone started having a couple of drinks about two o'clock. By about four o'clock, everyone was a bit giddy. They've all got eye patches on and they're walking around going, "Arrrr! Arrrr!" Everyone's going for it. So imagine - 150 people all with eye patches on going, "Arrrr! Arrrr!" At four o'clock, in walks, for a pre-arranged interview, the pop star Gabrielle. Oh, no! Oh, my God! To see 150 people seemingly taking part in the most brazen organised piss-take of a disabled person you've ever seen in your life. As she walked in, people are going, "Arrrr! Arrrr!" She just looked around like this, went to the reception, where the receptionist looked at her, didn't recognise her and went, "Ooh you've gone fancy with diamantes!" Oh, God. And then Heather McCartney walked in. Yeah! And do you know what? That happened about 10 years ago and every now and then, my friend will text me and go, "Did that actually happen?" Cos every time I remember that, that's too good to be true. And I go, "Yeah, it was." It was just really kind of weird and... But she must have seen that and gone, "What are these people doing?" Yeah, yeah. Do you still get freaked-out when you meet extremely famous people? Well, I don't think I've ever done. I rarely go out. I had my tea with Matt LeBlanc. Did you? Yeah, I had my tea with him, yeah. What consisted of your tea? We went to a restaurant. What, like sandwiches? It was an evening meal. We went out for dinner, you call it here. In England. Can I just...? No. You were on a date. Whilst we're on television, can I just put this one to bed, right? People in the south of England have their dinner in the evening and you have lunch at lunchtime, right? Do you remember at school, yeah? Dinner time. Your tea is like a sandwich. What were the people who worked at...? Dinner ladies. Dinner ladies, yeah. Can I just interject here, Justin? What happens is you have your dinner at school and you have your tea when you get in from school and then you enter adult life... ..and you start to have a lunch hour and you go out for dinner. {\an1}APPLAUSE They're only applauding because you're in the south. It's not fair. A round of applause for the hard fact that you have to grow up. Peter Pan wouldn't have a chance with this lot, would he? But I went out, went to this thing. It was an organised thing and it was Joey from Friends, Matt LeBlanc, and I smoked at the time and he smoked as well and we kept having to go out of the restaurant to have a cigarette. It was just like stepping into a Hollywood... Every time you went for a cigarette, people were swarming round him and one woman said to me, "What are you? Are you his minder?" Yeah, look at me! "No, I'm his wife." He's really... Do you know really good-looking, like when you see someone, you're like, "Oh, you're so... "You smell good!" I did a charity thing. How you doing? That's what I was thinking. A big charity thing. There was loads of people on the bill, and it was in Manchester. And Jennifer Aniston was there and I met her and she's ridiculously good-looking. And you think, "This is not right." Are there other people like you in America? Is this normal where you come from? The people look like you? The money that they have there. I was out in Hollywood recently and they'll change everything. They'll take children, you know, and squeeze them to make baby juice for your face, like, no matter what. There's so much money there, they'll just do anything. My friend who is an Irish actor, he was out in America as well. He was like, "Aisling, will you go for a drink in the Chateau Marmont? I didn't think you could just walk in there. You know the Chateau Marmont? It's this really famous place in Hollywood where people go for cocktails. All the celebs go there. And I didn't think you could just arrive. I thought they'd card you or something like that. So I met him there and I was like, "Oh, you can just walk in!" All you need is enough money for one drink, really, and we sat down and he started coughing at me and I was like, "Would you like a Polo mint?" "No, look behind you!" And I turned round and it was Denzel Washington having a pint. I was like, It's Denzel! Ohhhhh!" That would freak me out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he went to the loo and my face was already kind of fairly much into my neck, cos I was trying to lean back as much as I could to see if I could see anything interesting. But then I saw another man pass by and when Roland came back from the loo, he's like, "What's wrong with your face?" I was like, "Lenny Kravitz just sat down beside Denzel for a pint!" I had the same thing. I was ordering a drink at the bar and I could hear a kerfuffle. I could hear... HE BARKS It was like some rabid dog or something and I turned round, "Do you mind?" and it was Little Richard going, Ow! Ow!" My God! Nuts! Anyway, I've very much enjoyed all your company. We do need to think of a title for the show based on something that you've heard this evening. You might say "I'm going home for me tea", for example. I feel like there was a lot of pork discussion. I feel like pork and ham came up a lot. There was, "I'm in here with a ham and I'm not coming out." That's quite a good one. That's quite a good option. Can we call this show "I ham what I ham"? I quite like... {\an1}APPLAUSE I quite like, "You get quite a lot of tension in your arse." What was it you said? Oh, stress in my...hole. No, butt stress. Arse therapy. Arse therapy, yeah. I don't think there was anything there, really. I don't think we can help you there. You might have to do another programme. Well, we did a couple of hours with them four. We couldn't think of with anything. We'll have to get another four in. Thank you all for coming. Please will you thanks my guests, Jo Enright... Jim Moir... Aisling Bea... and Justin Moorhouse. And I'm Alan Davies and you have been watching I'm Locked In With A Ham And I'm Not Coming Out. Subtitles by Ericsson Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 