Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled 
 s4e3 - A Penis Poking Through the Window - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled (2014–…): Season 4, Episode 3 - A Penis Poking Through the Window - full transcript 
 Alan is joined by "The IT Crowd" stars Richard Ayoade and Katherine Parkinson,"The Simpsons" voice star Harry Shearer and comedian and writer Lou Sanders for more free-form chat. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an5}ALAN DAVIES AS YET UNTITLED CTO N225S/82 BF000000 {\an5}I'm just going to change into my show business clothes. I can't walk in these heels. {\an5}Came for the weather, staying for the food. They said there was free crisps. Clipped-off area. APPLAUSE Hello. I'm Alan Davies. Welcome to As Yet Untitled. This is the show that's completely unprepared, unscripted, unrehearsed, and ill-considered. We are looking for a title for the show. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 {\an5}It's our sole ambition. I will have four talented and very funny people to help me do that. So I'd better get them on. Please will you welcome my guests? CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Welcome. Right, team, I think you'll agree... Let's see who we have. We have Lou Sanders with us. Lou Sanders is a life saver. Wow. That's Lou. Welcome to Richard Ayoade. Richard is actually really like this. APPLAUSE Katherine Parkinson. Welcome, Katherine. {\an5}Katherine Parkinson is great at faking it, and hasn't been invited back on Saturday Kitchen. And Harry Shearer, wonderful to have you. Harry Shearer. Harry Shearer has a friend in Jesus. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Um... It's great to have you here, Harry. Thank you. {\an5}Normally, we have a bit of a chitchat, but I'm going to say, from the get-go, you may not recognise Harry, because he's mainly known for his voices, but also, for Spinal Tap, which is my... I think...it's in anyone's top five funny films? It's great. It's tremendous. Derek Smalls...? He wrote this. ALAN LAUGHS And my favourite bit that you did is going through airport security with the cucumber coming down your trousers. It was actually a courgette. LAUGHTER A cucumber is a bit too large and warty for the desired appearance. He wrapped it in tin foil, though. Yes, he did. Well, you know, I don't know if you've been on stage with a courgette or a cucumber in your trousers, but... ..as you start sweating... {\an5}..you really want the protection of the tin foil for the integrity of the vegetable. Right. That's if you're planning on using the vegetable later. Later. Well, just for the desired effect. That sets off the detector. Yeah, and it was fairly prescient, {\an5}because when we made the movie, there weren't a lot of metal detectors at airports, and a lot of incidents with metal detectors at airports. But of course, we live in a different world now. Yeah. You could get body mapped or something. Have you been made to stand in one of those? Oh, yeah. You don't know what is happening to you. I'm always picked out. Always? Yeah. I have a very terrorising face. So they immediately siphon me off, and... ..perform very invasive...questions. {\an5}Yeah... Have you tried staying in there in the pose when they want you to leave? That's my relaxed pose. That's my go-to pose. {\an5}Generally. In any situation, if I'm called, I will immediately assume I'm being arrested. LAUGHTER Yeah. Have you been arrested? I have yet to commit a crime. But as soon as I do, I know they'll swoop in. They've been watching me. My whole life. But, no, I haven't... {\an5}I don't know why - He's not going to admit it on this, but you told me about - Which crime would you choose? Maybe homicide. LAUGHTER The big one. Why screw around with pretty crime? Yeah. Do you have someone in mind? It would be a narrowing-down process. Everyone could participate in the selection. I think everybody in show business has a list. Yeah. It's ever-changing, though, isn't it? Yeah. Ever-growing. Ever-growing, yeah. Who was it this morning...? When you wake up, who's the first person you think of you want dead? That'd be a good chat show. {\an5}Now, I've been supplied with a list of the characters you do in the Simpsons. You're having a time. We can talk about Abbott and Costello, Saturday Night Live. Spinal Tap. BUT I need you to do Ned Flanders before the end of the evening, so... Timothy Lovejoy, Skinner... Jebediah Springfield, one of my favourites... Kent Brockman. This just in... LAUGHTER That's it. We could just cut, and walk away. Now, I last saw you, Harry, in Joe's Pub in New York City doing the show with your partner Judith. Judith Owen, yeah. Doing songs and chat, and it was great. But you had to get out of the way at the beginning... You had to do a bit of Smithers, and a bit of Mr Burns. (AS MR BURNS) Yes, I guess I did. I love this! {\an5}I have to say - And the audience, you say, "Look, tonight I'm not going to be doing..." And then you did all the Simpson's voices. Yeah. And then... Afterwards, the show was fine and everything, but people were..."Do some more of that..." {\an5}The bane of your life? No, it's quite amusing, because the expression you made when I did that just sort of... ..spontaneously, shall we say, is the same expression on the face of a five-year-old, and an 85-year-old. It really is amazing, because... you've been the mystery behind this voice for most of them, and it's just the discovery of the person, it's like... You see it on the face. It's fun. Can you do "hi diddly-ho"? Can you say that for us, please? Okily-dokily. Just save it. Just put it in... {\an5}Like, Katherine's your neighbour. Just turn to her at one point, and say it. Everyone'll be happy. Perhaps we could ask you about your friend in Jesus? Well... When I was looking for inspiration for voices from The Simpsons, mainly I was listening to just voices in my head, and I didn't pick anybody that I knew. But I started running out of voices in my head, and so, for Reverend Lovejoy, I harkened back to a guy who was in the golden age of televangelists in America. There was a guy called Ernest Angley. Who spoke like this... And...wore fairly... fairly widely lapelled polyester suits, as was the fashion of the time. And a nice fake hairpiece. And did healings. And so I was fascinated by him. {\an5}One day I actually went to see his healing service at the Shrine Auditorium, which is a 5,000-seater auditorium in downtown Los Angeles. And first thing I remember is, he gets to the microphone, and says, "Anybody in the audience with sugar diabetes?" Because that's one of the ones he can do. Well, yeah. I thought... Is there salt diabetes, suddenly, that I didn't know about? Apparently, that's a southernism in the United States, they specify it's not just diabetes - it's sugar diabet-IS! And his... his MO was to give a big slap on the forehead, and send them down. They were slain in the spirit when he did that, {\an5}and then, "Anybody with hearing problems please come up on the stage." I don't know how they knew to come up on the stage... LAUGHTER What?! But they did. {\an5}And he had this really bizarre thing, and I won't... Should I do it to you? Uh, yes. All right. He put fingers in both ears. I'm not going to actually do it. And then yanked them out! Oh ho! Suddenly... And then walk over to their ear... Jesus! They would respond...(SLURS) "Jesus!" Baby! (SLURS) And then he'd slap them on the forehead, and they were healed. Yeah, it was amazing. Did it work, though? It worked on me. I hear great. So, it did work? No, no, no. It's... Well, I don't know. I didn't know any of the people. Sounds like a man with just an aggression problem. Slapping everyone on the head. Yeah. {\an5}Diabetes seems like... I mean, would they do an insulin test after the slap? How long do they wait for that to kick in? I have no idea. I didn't stick around that long. It seems very specific. Anyone with congenital disease... I'll heal you, and... Yeah. {\an5}I'm always interested to know whether they actually believe what they're doing, or whether they're total charlatans, and just tricking the audience. It is a great question, isn't it? I think that, like a lot of actors, they probably are able to convince themselves at the moment that it's real. When they go home, and take off the fake hair... I went to go and see a woman called Sarah Eagleman. Eaglewoman in LA, and I paid $350, and she just wafted a feather around me, and - {\an5}This is a one-on-one consultation. Yeah, I paid a lot of money, and um... Happy to report that it was an absolute rip-off. LAUGHTER What was she offering? What was the service? Living forever. I'm still alive. It worked. No, I think they just... Well, I am into that kind of stuff. Like, I have got a shaman. I didn't want to talk about it. Yeah. I wanted to kind of appear really normal. The shaman is now making you talk about it. Is that how this works? We've all got shamans, don't worry. But Sarah Eaglewoman, that, even for me, I was like... How did your Shaman feel about her? Yeah, I'd been unfaithful. No, he just laughed, because he's only £57. That is... That's reasonable. When I said, like, Sarah Eaglewoman charges $350... The rate went up. It did, actually. I said, "You should put your price up", because he is phenomenal. Did you get to keep the feather? No. £57? That's such a strange amount. No, it was £55, and then I said - He put it up by £2? He's a really nice guy. Did you meet this guy in the '40s? His increments of price are very specific. But what does he do? What does a shaman do? You'd have said no if he'd gone to £58. Would you have gone, "Hey..."? I'd never say no to him. He's magical. But he wouldn't say he was a shaman. I think that's the difference. Is he ashamed of being a shaman? He's ashamed, yeah! No, I think - Is he actually your solicitor? He just sometimes goes off-piste. What does a shaman do? {\an5}I really wish I'd been stronger in my convictions, and not talked about it. Um, well... He actually does craniosacral. So he's rebalancing energy in the body. So let's move on. Who's got some... LAUGHTER {\an5}I've only ever... I saw a mind reader once years ago, because I think it's all... Not that... Horseshit. And I was very heavily pregnant, and the mind reader said, "You're going to have a baby." Was he shouting, "Leave me, leave me!"? I'll be honest, it was mixed messages. Now, Katherine Parkinson... I really like your shoes. Thank you. Can we see them? Oh! {\an5}Can you get them on the table? Listen, I don't go out much at the moment. It's just a phase. very young children. It WILL change. But I bought these online, and I thought, "One day I'll get to wear them", and tonight's the night, everyone. And I can't walk very well in them. {\an5}Which is a shame, but I will get them on the table, since you've asked. Look at that! Wow! And she's limber, too. Oh! She can still get her foot on the table after all these years. Now, faking it. What sort of faking it are you great at? Yeah, I regret... Because the thing is, Richard's here, and I don't like to talk about rude things in front of Richard. Most people manage to tune me out. I know... Imagine I'm not here. It's what I'm doing. LAUGHTER I don't know. I just don't want you to change your opinion of me, because I think you think I'm sort of quite Victorian. {\an5}I think you once described me as the Princess Diana of comedy. Did you say that? Once before, when recording, which meant a lot to me. You said I was a ginger angel. Oh, no, that was scripted. OK. But also... I also found that very touching. {\an5}Was I calling you Jen at the time? Yes, you were, but it still meant a lot. Basically, I did a play. I've done quite a lot of rudely named plays. {\an5}But without a lot of rude content, actually, so my CV looks...a bit fruity. Quite racy. It does. I've got Deep Throat Live on Stage. Wow. But it wasn't what it said on the tin at all. {\an5}It was extremely unrude, but it was called that because it was about Linda Lovelace. I've got The Age of Consent, and one of the plays I did was called Cock. And it was actually a very...you know... It was a play on the word, because it was like a cock fight, but it was also a love triangle with two men and a woman. {\an5}And I was the woman. And it was sort of in a ring... Good casting. Thank you. {\an5}And the audience were lit, but because my mum, for a mother of three, is insanely naive... ..about things, I said it was called Cock-a-doodle Doo, because I couldn't quite bring myself to say it's called Cock, but they did come to see it, and it was a piece where you just did lots of chatting, but you didn't do the actions, so I had to walk in a circle and act a climax. I'm really embarrassed talking about this. So I had to sort of talk through a climax - I've no idea what... And I remember, because the audience was lit, my dad was there, and I remember going round, just..."Don't lock eyes with my dad at the crucial point", {\an5}and of course, when you don't want to do something, you end up doing it, {\an5}so right at the final bit I just locked eyes, or stare into the face of my father... LAUGHTER This is more of a traumatic memory than an anecdote. {\an5}I remember apologising to my mum afterwards, saying, "I'm really sorry. That was so rude." {\an5}I said, "I was climaxing". She said, "I just thought you were a bit upset." LAUGHTER Was it quite When Harry Met Sally? Did you really go for it? Well, I think you have to do the perceived kind of... expectation of what that is. The cliche climax. You have to do the cliche climax, because I'm sure lots of women do all sorts of odd sounds. I'm so sorry, Richard. I'm sure, you know, there's kind of... women who bark and things, but you can't do that on stage when there's no action, and people won't know what's going on, so I did a very generic - I think you should have just barked. I should have - HE BARKS That was excellent. That's the only voice I can do, Harry. Was that good for you? That's all I can do. I used to do it in my stand-up. A dog getting its paw caught in the car door. That's the only impression I can do. It goes... YELPS It's very good, though. Yeah, very, very good. So, if you ever need that in The Simpsons... {\an5}I'll make a call, I'll make a call. A dog with its paw caught in the door... (AS SMITHERS) Sir, I think we have the dog in the door. LAUGHTER Just when I'm not looking at him, did you see what he did? Am I off the hook now? Do that again. No, I did it once. I won't look, and then he'll do it. Sir, I think we have the dog caught in the door. LAUGHTER (AS MR BURNS) Well, let him loose. I'm stupidly excited by it. It's really great having you here. Lou, about you being a life saver. Oh, yeah. {\an5}I saved... Don't worry about it. I don't want to talk about it, but I saved this guy! I saved this guy's life. Yeah. Do you want to hear more? No, so, I was on a boat party. And... Not one of the fancy ones. Just some people that lived in a boat. So a narrow boat, canal boat kind of a boat? Yeah, like, in Battersea, and me and this were like chirpsing each other. And then - Sorry? We're all a bit old around this table. I haven't been out for 15 years. Is it a current word? Chatting up. Oh, chirpsing. I've never heard that before, have you? Ask her what chirpsing means as the Principal. LAUGHTER I will not do so, sir. (AS PRINCIPAL) What does chirpsing mean? Chatting up. {\an5}Flirting. We were flirting. You were flirting. On the boat, or on the bank? {\an5}On the boat, right. Having a drink, flirting, and then I thought it was going really well. But at some point he made the decision to jump into the Thames. LAUGHTER He was like... "Oh, I'm just going to the toilet." You make your excuses, so he jumped in, and I was like, "Oh, OK. Cool." And then all his friends... Everyone noticed there was a man overboard. And everyone was just looking down. "Oh, Andy's jumped in." He's got like a gash. He's bleeding from his head. No-one's doing anything. Like, they're just like, "Oh, dear." So it's left to muggins here to jump in and save the guy. And also get a bit of attention, I guess. So, I jumped in. I went... He's holding onto this massive pole. I'm trying to prise his hands off the pole to like get him to safety. Sounds like he really doesn't want to come back on the boat. LAUGHTER He can't believe that you followed him in. I think there were two incidents saying he wants to leave. The jump, and then clinging to pole. I think it was the bad chirpsing. Yeah. Was he shouting, "Leave me, leave me!"? It was mixed messages. OK. Because men sometimes don't know what they want. LAUGHTER It sounds like he wanted to die. What he wanted was me insisting that he put his arms around me, and doggy paddle him to safety. He didn't know his own mind. And he was very drunk. When I say drunk, I mean on MDMA. LAUGHTER So I doggy paddled him to safety. {\an5}I'm going to write this down for a title. "When I say drunk, I mean on MDMA". Yeah! Whenever you use the word drunk, you mean that. Yeah, OK. It does change things, though. It does. He's high. A lot of people get loved up on MDMA. But anyway, it doesn't matter. I won't take it personally. I refuse. I got him... I got him to safety. Then I went to hospital with him. I know I sound really bad. He really couldn't shake you off, could he? I'd like to remind everyone I'm the hero in this story! But yeah, I did get him back by going out with him for four months, but... And now we're married. He was a bit crazy for me, so... Yeah. He wanted to get naked all the time. LAUGHTER I mean, not like... Obviously... Sure. {\an5}I mean, obviously, if you're seeing someone and they get naked, I'm on board with that. But... He was... Although, oddly, he wasn't on board. LAUGHTER No, he would... He was just a bit of a character. If you were playing cards, and he was like, "Oh, let's do this naked." Like in front of... There was quite a few people. That's disgusting. Disgusting, and so I... Yeah. {\an5}He just wasn't for me, and also, I stopped drinking, and it wasn't really compatible. When you say drinking, you mean MDMA? LAUGHTER {\an8}They had just dropped from somewhere. {\an8}From Heaven. {\an8}They... Do they self-drop? We want to know why you were not invited back on Saturday Kitchen. Again, this is less an anecdote, more a painful recent memory. I'm not sure if it is... Saturday Kitchen is a morning show. You know the one? One of my wife's favourite shows. Oh, is it? Along with Homes Under The Hammer. Yeah, it's meant to be a great show. Hell of a show. But there's a big surprise waiting in the loo. It is a great show. Saturday Kitchen I did recently, and I had, you know, not long ago, had my second child, and had just finished... {\an5}I feel like I shouldn't say breast feeding in public. It's sort of disgusting. I'd just finished breast feeding. It's erotic. Thank you. And you will say it, and you will describe it. Sorry. Richard, I just think... {\an5}Are you all right? And so I hadn't had alcohol for a long time, and my tolerance perhaps was quite low. It's filmed in the morning, and I was offered sherry. {\an5}The last time I had sherry was at my university interview with my very eccentric tutor. And I should have remembered that, because the same thing happened. I have a bit of a reaction to sherry, it seems. {\an5}Anyway, the chef next to me, she sort of sensibly sniffed her sherry, and I necked mine. (SLURRING) I was quite drunk. And I basically asked them to cut my food up for me. I asked them to cut my food... I thought I was being funny. And honestly, I really let myself down. One of my brothers said... He actually texted me and said, "You should never go on television again", so... Are you banned? {\an5}Well, he's left the show, and it might be because of my appearance on the show. I doubt that. Did you become loud, and inappropriate? I became really... Again, sorry, Richard. {\an5}Really flirtatious, and you know... Why do you apologise to Richard every 90 seconds? {\an5}Because anything with a vaguely sexual content, I have to apologise to him. Are you a virgin, Richard? LAUGHTER No, I am. With two children. I mean, let's discuss this. I mean, no, but... {\an5}I think my portrayal... I was completely Daniel Day-Lewis all the way through the IT Crowd. I didn't break character. I'm still trying to shake it off. You had to leave him in the corner. {\an5}It's very hard for Katherine to know me as the virile powerhouse I am in real life. LAUGHTER So, a lot of this is about you protecting what to YOU was probably the most creatively fulfilling time you'll ever have. {\an5}Working with me, and you know, just trying to stay in that bubble, and keep it real, but it can't be real - I'm doing just great stuff now. Are you really actually like this? I mean, I exist... ..is about all I can say at the moment. I... You know, I have a level of social anxiety... ..that is relatively high. So, I, well... So, Graham Linehan who wrote The IT Crowd, when he was casting it, he said, "I've written a show with you in mind. It's for this incredibly nerdy, socially awkward person, with no people skills whatsoever." You'd be perfect for it. "I thought of you, and..." I said, "OK... Is there a voice you would want me to do for this?" He went, "No, just use your own voice." And I did not view myself that way. {\an5}I'm generally a sort of writer. That's the international mime for that. And so I... I thought that was the bill. {\an5}That was... I'm not paying. I'm just signalling to my companion that I'm a writer. I have no intention of paying. This is, "I'm a writer." Thank you. We do not pay. Yeah, I don't know if I'm like this, but I... I found out I may be more awkward than I thought I was. But then I never saw anyone, because I was in my room a lot, and it's fine not to speak when you're on your own. And to stammer, and to not have eye contact. But outside, it's frowned upon. So... Going back to what you were saying about having a persona, {\an5}I think there's an understanding that you will easily go on shows like that. It's different, this, because I feel very comfortable with you, and... But you know, I sort of think that there's an assumption that you're going to quickly be able to be yourself on television, and promote the show, and I think I probably necked sherry partly because I get quite nervous in that situation. I assume that might get easier if I ever get the opportunity to go on some show again. But that was again not an anecdote, more a warning to myself to not drink, and this is my second drink. Do you remember when we went to that pole dancing club? Not alone... Katherine, what kind of life have you been leading off-set? I feel like I don't know you. Oh, no, Richard... We were filming a television show in Cardiff, and we...we were all away from home... I don't remember filming a television show at any point. {\an5}You remember the pole dance. I remember! The whole thing was a blur. Oh, it was horrific. In Cardiff? In Cardiff. We just went out all the time. And after a while... The only time I've ever done that, ever. {\an5}Were you leading a secret life all the time we were filming? We didn't go out once. I was so good around The IT Crowd. At 9pm we called it a day. We weren't at home, you know. We were living in these boring flats. {\an5}I was the new girl, because you'd done the pilot, and they'd all got on very well, and gone out, and anyway, you were all such good company, and it was so much fun, but I have never been...never been so drunk in a professional environment, I'm pleased to say. It was brilliant. {\an5}The reason we went to the pole dancing club, it was the last place where you could get adrink. It was the small hours. It's time to go home, definitely time to go home. Instead of that, we went to For Your Eyes Only. Right. What did you think? It was like a James Bond re-enactment? We'll just do the lines, and we'll leave. There was hardly anybody in there. A few really solemn looking men. Really solemn. And then this girl went up a pole, and went upside down, {\an5}and starting spinning round and round, and I thought it was the best thing I'd ever seen. {\an5}I was cheering her, applauding, and that's obviously not what you're supposed to do. You were applauding like she'd just scored a goal really well. LAUGHTER Like some kind of sporting event. It was such an unsexual appreciation. Look at that! How's she hanging on? She was brilliant. We were quite loud, and laughing. How was she as a pole dancer? He's judging. I am judging. I've gone down in his estimation. {\an5}I do judge. I can remember leaving one of those nights at, like, five in the morning. We had to get up at 5.45, and you know, you going, "What, you're leaving? Going to bed?!" as if that was the most unreasonable suggestion. I was pie-eyed. It sounds deranged. It was... You never took me to the strip club. The whole time. I did three series with you, and - Are you airing grievances? I'm just saying, you know... I know. I never once showed you a vagina. Never. I never did that. I just presumed it wasn't a thing you wanted. Don't look me in the eye now. I am not your father. This is a zone of trust. Don't take me back to that moment. At my old university, they now have a pole dancing society. {\an5}Right. But it's important to understand that it's a physical fitness thing. Sure. That you do with no top or bottoms on. And I was there doing some filming for a documentary I was doing - Panorama? LAUGHTER There's a pole dancing society, for God's sake... We got there... They said, "It's not sexual, it's physical fitness. {\an5}No, it's not about that. There are certain moves that are banned in the club." And I said, "Really?" So obviously I said, "Like what?" Sticking your foot in your gob. Didn't even come up. They didn't feel a need to ban that. They banned a move called the Eye Opener. Like a wink? And what happens in the Eye Opener? {\an5}Then they sort of conferred amongst themselves, the young women of the pole dancing society, and one of them agreed they would demonstrate the Eye Opener. And it is an eye opener. But basically, you splay your legs as far apart as you can. Whilst hanging upside-down. I thought it might be that. That's banned? That's banned. Sad story. It's overtly sexual. This might be over-sharing, but... In for a penny, in for a pound. Once, my boyfriend, he said, "You know how boys want you to do... a special dance?" Oh, dear. As your legal adviser... LAUGHTER ..my client is inebriated, and... ..you are under no compulsion to continue. I only found out what that was recently. Are you talking about the slut drop? No! But go on. LAUGHTER This is getting good. I do know what that is. I thought that's what you were going to talk about. {\an5}It's sort of... It's just a low squat that's sort of.. you have to try and be a bit sexy asyou do it. I can't do that with my knees now. I did go dancing the other day, and everyone - Alan, what's going on? LAUGHTER I'm just writing down you talking about the slut drop. I was a very out of my depth, because I went to a discotheque. {\an5}And then everyone was doing this slut drop, and I was like, "Oh, things have moved on." But no. So, they're just dropped from somewhere? LAUGHTER From Heaven. Do they... Do they self-drop, or... It's one of those things you could only really explain it by doing it, and neither Lou nor I are able or willing. Yeah. I... I am able. It doesn't sound like a ceremony I want to participate in. No. What dance were you talking about? Well, you told me not to say it. I'm very conflicted. You know like, sometimes, like... like your partner - usually boys - say, "Oh, do like a dance"? A sexy dance. And then one day I plucked up the courage to do it, and he said, "Never do that again." LAUGHTER The colour, and the texture. Also the flavour. OK, so I... ..lived in a house in Northampton for a while. It was very loud. It was by the A40. Three lanes each way. You couldn't hear the phone ring. I developed asthma from living there. So... And then one day we get the paper, you know, once we'd made our way through the smog, and there was a picture of the house four doors down, and it said, "Is this the worst place to live in England?" Apparent... Yes was the answer. It was the worst place. I used to do stand-up to a low standard, and when people sometimes would drop me back, I would say, "I live here", and they would go, "No, come on." One of those houses with the A40 right outside the front door? Yeah, the ones on the A40. They are the worst places. Yeah, but very inexpensive. Must be. Very inexpensive to live in. {\an5}And when we moved out, there was a, you know, a black ring round all of our possessions. Just an outline, like a crime scene. {\an5}I've seen a map of the UK on which pollution levels are denoted by colour. Right. Black being the most polluted. {\an5}Yeah. And there's a little bit of black in the centre of most big cities. And then in London, there's a strip of black, which is the North Circular, and then a line of black, which is the A40. The most polluted place in the United Kingdom. Yes, that's where we lived. But that wasn't the worst place that we lived. That was a step up, because we lived before in a tower block that - I don't know what it was on the wall. We thought it's either blood or faeces. We didn't... Didn't ask? {\an5}It looked bad enough for us not to check. Could it have been curry sauce, or ketchup? Why did you go for faeces or blood, you weirdo? The colour, and the texture. The texture... Also the flavour. I have to say, we recently went to a very nice house in the Cotswolds, {\an5}a family house, and I got a letter saying they needed me to pay some money, and to never use them again, because they had found what looked like blood or faeces smeared on the walls. And actually, what it was was some chocolate soya milk. {\an5}So I would just say... I wrote a very kind of - No-one in this tower block was using chocolate soya milk. LAUGHTER This was pre-council house chocolate soy. OK. And so we rented this place, and above the... Well, it was a mantelpiece. It was... It was a shelf. LAUGHTER {\an5}There was only one piece of decoration in the entire place, and that was a giant Tubemap... ..above, decoratively, which I always found...so we kept it in honour of who lived there before, because it was useful. A design classic. But strange as a focal point for a room. When you took it down, was there a lot of blood and faeces underneath? That's where we stored it, but it was... The heating went out for about a month there. {\an5}And we kept calling saying the heating's out, and he went, "I know!" LAUGHTER And there was nothing you could do. I guess we went, "Oh, OK." You couldn't close the windows either. That was another problem. For fire hazard reasons, there was like a hole in the window. {\an5}Maybe it wasn't true. But there was a sort of metal strip, so we tried to plug that with kitchen roll. It would have been a fire hazard. Pollution coming in your window. Is pollution really bad for you? Is it? I'm worrying about it now. Nitrous oxide. That's the one. It comes from diesel fuel. And it's odourless and invisible. They're the best sorts of pollutants. What does it do to you? Kills you. LAUGHTER It's responsible for more deaths than anything else in the UK. Yeah... LAUGHTER When I was a kid, I lived for a summer at the YMCA. In New York. I'd gone to New York to write at an advertising agency. {\an5}I thought, "Oh, let's try this." And the best accommodation I could afford was the YMCA. {\an5}And I'd come to this room, and it was in a good neighbourhood, it was reputable. {\an5}A reputable YMCA, and I'd noticed the second or third night I was there that the wall right beside my bed had a hole in the plaster, and that over the period of the first week {\an5}something very strongly resembling mushrooms was growing out of that hole in the wall. {\an5}So I just developed this little habit of coming home at night, scraping it off, and seeing how long it took to grow back. It took about two or three days, and there the heads were again. That's as close as I came to blood and fungus. That's squalor. That is squalor. And I got... A couple of years later, I was working at another job, {\an5}post-university, and I mentioned to the Assistant Attorney-General for the State of California... he mentioned he'd lived at the same YMCA. {\an5}I said, "I lived there." He said, "Oh. Did you know about the 13th floor?" I said, "No. I lived on the 7th floor." He said, "Oh, the 13th floor was for straight guys." So, it was a... Oh. It was a penis poking through the window? No! LAUGHTER And every day he scraped it off, and it grew back. Yeah, right. One stubborn penis. Once, my friend James, he was in the toilets in Broadstairs... {\an5}Sure. Like, public toilets, and someone pushed their thing through a hole. I'm about to go for a weekend away. My first weekend away with my husband to Broadstairs, so I hope this isn't a story that's going to put me off. It's one of the things you can do. We'll have to go and look for this... Oh... A glory hole. A glory hole. What?! It's got a name? Sure. Katherine, you just Google glory hole when you get home. Not suitable for work. He went and hit him, and it had to go to court, and then - He went and hit him? He punched him, and then it went to court. Punched the penis? {\an5}No, their face. So, they were in adjacent cubicles when the penis came through the hole? {\an5}Yes. So, there was a hole in the toilet. I think it was like a regular thing. This guy just pops it through. Right. Surprise! And this guy James was like, not a nice surprise. Didn't like it. Didn't want it. Can you take your penis out of my cubicle, please? Yeah, he could have. Wouldn't it have been funny if he put his penis through the hole, and weed into that toilet? Funny... Skilful. He could have just used it as a toilet roll holder. LAUGHTER Just said thank you. He should have just said thank you? Yeah. Thanks, but no, thanks. Sometimes the coat rack's gone in those places as well. {\an5}The coat rack? Sometimes, you know, the little coat hook is broken off by vandals. So maybe, you know, here's an alternative. You're being a bit blue now, Richard. By using the word alternative? I'll have a word with myself. We need to come up with a title... {\an5}for the programme, and I'm struggling to get through A Penis Poking Through The Window. I've got Are You Talking About the Slut Drop? Pole dancing was mentioned more than once, but I mean, this will get the viewers in, won't it? I Never Once Showed You a Vagina. Oh, that's nice, yeah. That one's nice. My comeback album. When I just do standards. Ashamed of Being a Shaman has been suggested to me. Blood and Faeces. In my ear, someone's just said "Blood and Faeces". Yeah, yeah. For the third time this evening. I think Blood and Faeces is like a Royal Court play. I like it. Yeah. Like a French nouvelle vague movie. Truffaut's classic Blood and Faeces. Nice. Alan, What's Going On? Yeah. Yes. That feels it could be broader. Blood and Faeces feels like you're really getting into something. Week in, week out, it feels like, haven't we dealt with this? When I Say Drunk, I Mean On MDMA. Yes! Anyway, we're going to finish this. Now. I think that's your title. We're Going To Finish This Now. Yeah. Hi diddly-ho, neighbour. CHEERING Now, then... It's been fantastic. Please will you thank all of my guests? Lou Sanders. Richard Ayoade. Katherine Parkinson. And Harry Shearer. {\an5}I'm Alan Davies, and you have been watching A Penis Poking Through The Window. Subtitles by Ericsson 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 