Mr Selfridge: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr Selfridge 
 s2e10 - Episode #2.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr Selfridge (2013–2016): Season 2, Episode 10 - Episode #2.10 - full transcript 
 Josie Mardle tells Florian she believes she is too old for him and that she has arranged an audition with the Halle Orchestra in Manchester. The young man is heart-broken but surprisingly it is Grove who apologizes to Miss Mardle and persuades her that she should make a go of the relationship. Agnes and Victor give Harry notice as they are leaving to run the restaurant together. Henri is also quitting to go to France and fight in the army. Agnes, Victor, Franco and George look around the restaurant but Agnes has her misgivings as to whether it is what she wants, given that her forte is in window display and goes for one last walk with Henri. Frank Edwards comes to see Harry, telling him he needs actual proof to discredit Loxley but Mae manages to procure a list that exposes him and Harry delivers it to the Procurement Committee meeting, thus clearing his name and showing Loxley to be the profiteer. Kitty forgives Frank and the Selfridges prepare to celebrate Thanksgiving. However Rose has been to see her doctor and has bad news for her husband. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (girls laughing) (voice drowned out) (laughing) (children talking over each other) Sorry? I'm afraid we're a rowdy bunch tonight. That's all right. Would you please excuse me? So many old friends to meet. I'm going to the pictures. Me too. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can I come? Pa, make them take me with them. Gordon, take your sister. Go on, do it for me. ROSE: Everyone, it is Thanksgiving in a couple of days, and I want us to sit down together for an entire evening as a family. We're going to give thanks for our many blessings, just as we've always done. All right? This place'll be heaving with customers by the time you and Agnes work your magic here. It's going to need a spruce-up 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 before the wedding, that's for sure. Mr. and Mrs. Colleano, eh? Not long now. (clock chiming the hour) What have I done to offend you? We can't be together anymore, Florian. It's wrong. Who says it's wrong? I'm too old for you. There's no future in it. You decide this without even discussing with me? I have your interests at heart, please know that. What I do know is we made each other happy. I know I love you. You don't decide that for me. Ready? Ready. It's going to feel really odd, though. Do you think Mr. Selfridge will understand us handing our notice in so suddenly? He knows I'd want George at my wedding. Army doctor says that his arm is on the mend, so he'll be back at the Front in no time. You'll have me to share your worries with, Agnes. Actually, he's going to come into the store today. He says he feels ready to now. The American Embassy advises me that all charges have been dropped. I'm a free man. I'm so happy for you, Henri. Congratulations. Thank you. The Selfridge name will be cleared too. You'll see. Sure, son. Now that I'm free to travel, I have to go and sign up to fight. It's the right thing to do. I'll be sorry to see you go, but of course I understand. Miss Plunkett, I was unaware that Mr. Selfridge was due to meet Frank Edwards tonight. Really? I need some of his evenings for social engagements. I don't see any available for the next month. If I get to the diary faster than you, then that's your look out, Miss Blenkinsop. (gasps) Oh! Is everything all right, Miss Mardle? Mind your own business! That was rude of me. I am terribly sorry, Miss Calthorpe. Please excuse me. Of course. Everyone's entitled to a bad day. Is that what I'm having? Well, you do seem a bit out of sorts. Yes, I suppose I am rather. My mom's not like other people. She says a problem shared is a problem doubled. But she also says, "When in doubt, do something." Even if it's the wrong thing, at least you'll be making a decision. Yes, thank you, Miss Calthorpe. Going anywhere nice, Rose? Just out and about. I'll come with you if you like. I could do with some air. I have a lot of errands to run today. Very boring. But I'd love to walk with you later. Miss Towler and Mr. Colleano to see you, sir. And Frank Edwards has confirmed tonight's meeting. We want to get married, Mr. Selfridge, while George is still here to give me away. So we're both handing in our notice. You're leaving? We'll inform Mr. Grove now. Miss Towler felt you should know first. I know this seems sudden, but war has a way of quickening one's step. Thank you, Mr. Selfridge. For everything. You'll be sorely missed, Mr. Colleano. Miss Towler, could I have a minute, please? (door closes) I know it's this country's policy that married women give up work, but I'm willing to bend the rules for you. Thank you. But, um, I'm not just joining a family; I'm joining a family business. A family business. Has a nice ring to it. Not like Selfridge's, obviously, but… I need to put my whole heart into it for Mr. Colleano's sake. I can't pretend it's not a sad day, what with Mr. Leclair leaving and all. Where's he going? His name has been cleared. He's going to fight for France. Can I help you, Mr. Leclair? You can, if you'll accept my apology. Apology? Miss Towler had to deal with her brother being missing in her own way. I spoke out of turn and overstepped the mark as a concerned colleague. I'm sorry. I accept your apology. I wanted to clear the air between us before I join the French Army. You're leaving? Yes. In a couple of days. Before I go, I wanted to wish you and Miss Towler every happiness and success in your life together. Thank you, Mr. Leclair. I hope you return safe and well. I won't be coming back to Selfridge's. Thank you for waiting, Mrs. Selfridge. Is that my X-ray plate? It is, yes. I've consulted with a colleague… and, sadly, he confirms my diagnosis. What do you mean? I'm afraid there's no way to sweeten the pill. It's not good news, Mrs. Selfridge. George Towler! Hello, Kitty. (girls talking excitedly) What did you do to your arm? (excited talking continues) CRABB: A pleasure, Private Towler. Indeed, an honor. Thank you, Sir. We're extremely proud of you, young man. Thank you, Mr. Grove. We were so worried when you went missing. Like a bad penny, Master Selfridge. I'll always show up. (laughing) What was it like out there? (talking excitedly) My father would love to see you. I can't believe he's back! All right now, ladies, back to work. (giggling) I heard we've lost men, Mr. Selfridge. Throughout the store. I've written letters to all their families, so I'm very happy to see you and to know that's not a letter I have to write. It's hell out there. Only they don't tell you that in the newspapers. What kept you going? The small things kept you going, Mr. Selfridge. Letters, parcels from home. Chocolate. Clean, dry socks. Baccy. Cocoa. The comforts of home. Exactly that. I'd open up your parcel, Aggie, Straight into the jars of jam. AGNES: You and your sweet tooth, George. The tasting bit came after. First, I'd get the jar and put it up to my nose and breathe in. Do you remember how we used to make jam and chutney with Mother? Our life of crime, Mr. Selfridge. Robbing orchards. I hope you didn't get caught, like I did. (laughing) Bedlam going on all around you. Open a simple jar of jam, close your eyes and you're back in your mother's kitchen again. A boy, all safe and warm. I want to reflect your brother's words throughout the store. The comforts of home. The simple things. I'll get started on a window straight away. Your swan song. Yes. These have been the best five years of my life, Mr. Selfridge. Just you make sure the rest of your life is equally as happy. Miss Towler, you've come to mean a great deal to me. I want you to know that. Thank you, Mr. Selfridge. I'll miss you. Are you all right, Mrs. Selfridge? I'm fine, thank you, Fraser. I need to discuss the Thanksgiving dinner with you. I want you to think of something reassuring, Mr. Thackeray. Plain, old-fashioned breakfast tea. A warm waterproof coat. Talcum powder. SELFRIDGE: Let some of the tea loose so you get the aroma as you approach. I'll put out the Mackintoshes immediately, Mr. Selfridge. Miss Mardle? Most women would make personal sacrifices for a decent pair of gloves. To give a pleasant scent and to ease fingers into gloves or stockings into shoes. I can do a bigger promotion if you'd like? One glove turned inside out on each set. Keep it simple. We are stoking memories, that's all. Tell Cook that the girls brought pecans back with them from Chicago, so she just has to get the rest of the ingredients for the pies. Actually, Fraser, just tell her I'll make them myself. Certainly, Mrs. Selfridge. You make your own pies? Yes, pecan pies. Huh. The best in America, actually. Sorry… Fraser? I need to add pumpkins to that list. We can't get sweet potatoes here. Oh, and the ingredients for the corn bread… This is going to be the best Thanksgiving dinner ever. Even We'll put white cloths on all the tables for the wedding. That way we can use them again for the public. And simple winter pansies in the center. We could hang ivory silk bows all along that wall. I'll do a suckling pig on a spit outside, George. Right. FRANCO: Two types of ale. Pale and bitter. Oh! Sprinklings of pine needles on the floor to give that lovely winter smell. A bit of tender loving care and we'll be ready to face the public, won't we, Victor? Sorry? I was just saying what we could do here. Come on, Franco, let's have a look upstairs at what can be done. What's upstairs got to do with me? You'll be the one painting it. Oh! Go on, get a move on. I've got to get back to the store. All right, George? Penny for 'em? There's just a lot on my mind. Thinking about going back to the Front? Just a lot of things. I had a quiet word with some of the Procurement Committee, and they back Loxley to the hilt. Even Edgerton. Well, there's a surprise. FRANK: What we need is incontrovertible proof that you did not recommend the manufacturers Loxley says you did. But what kind of proof? Was anyone else party to the conversations you had? No, I gave him a list. "Use these suppliers. On no account use those." Was that list in your own handwriting? Yes. Normally I make copies, but because you vouched for him, I didn't see the need. That list will be long gone by now. Oh, no, I think you underestimate my husband's arrogance, Harry. You think its possible that he still has it? Well, if he does, I'll find it. SELFRIDGE: Well, be careful, Mae. I don't want you putting yourself in danger on my account. No, don't worry. I'll get Pimble to find out when he's not at home, and then I'll go. (knocking) I've arranged an audition for you with the Halle Orchestra in Manchester. They have an excellent reputation. I'll pay for your accommodations, of course. I am not joining an orchestra when there's a war going on. There are more useful things for me to do right now. I thought you'd be pleased. I'm not pleased. Florian… This is your house, and maybe you think I have no right to ask, but while lam still here, please leave this room. (door closes) Henri. I did not expect you back. I, um… I asked for homely things for my window. What's the idea? Home. The things that ground us. A family making jam. The results in the jars. Deep, glossy colors like melted jewels. (chuckling) What's funny? You. Seeing jewels in jam. Ordinary people think of the taste. I am ordinary. So it appears we're both leaving. Funny to think of other people taking over our studio. All the hours that we spent in here, going half crazy looking for ideas. Yeah. Good times. One last walk in a London park at night. Like we used to. When we were together, remember? I remember. HENRI: How do we do this? Just walk for hours, not saying anything much. Just being. This was our place. When I was a girl, I used to wake up in the middle of the night. My mother was dying and my father was drinking hard by then. But for those few hours, it was quiet. Just me and this great big city, asleep. I bet you sat up, hugged your knees and dreamed about what life would bring you. Did you do that? Yes, I did! (laughing) But it was all make-believe until Mr. Selfridge came along. He must have dreamed when he was a messenger boy. He'll miss you. He thinks the world of you. He'll miss you. Will you miss me? Of course I will. And you spare me a thought when you're up to your neck in the restaurant, huh? Maybe little Agneses and Victors pulling at your apron strings? (laughing) It's hard to imagine that right now. I have one big wish for you, Agnes. That all your dreams come true. All over London, people will be waking up in a few hours. I'll never forget you, Agnes. I'll never forget you, Henri. (fire crackling) (knocking) Hello, George. Just checking Agnes isn't working too late. Or has she gone to bed? She's not back yet, Victor. Come in. Have a cup of tea. Miss Mardle and Mr. Dupont turned in for the night, have they? That's right. I don't sleep so well. Easier to stay up in a chair till I drop off. Very late for Agnes to still be working. I'm a bit worried about her. What is it, Victor? You're very close, the pair of you. Is she going to be happy at the restaurant, George? If she said that's what she wants, then I'm sure she'll be happy. Don't sound too sure. Well, I'm not the one marrying you. Why are you asking me? Come on, George. I could see you was wondering whether the restaurant would be the right future for her. Whether her talents would be wasted there. We both know she's special. She'll always be ordinary Agnes to me. She's not ordinary. Nothing wrong with that. Most of us are. But not Agnes. I'm sure she loves you, Victor. Course she does. Why wouldn't she? (chuckling) All I know is she's always been there for me. Loyal to her backbone. She'll never let you down, Victor. Florian, what are you doing here? A letter arrived. From the Halle Orchestra. Well, won't you at least consider it? Once they hear you play, they'll accept you without another thought. You are so anxious to get rid of me? I only want what's best for you. Surely you must see that? Everything all right, Miss Mardle? Perfectly all right, Mr. Grove. I'm just resolving some household issues with Mr. Dupont. A household issue. That is what I am to you, Josie? No. No, that's not how it is at all, Florian. FLORIAN: Now you make us both lonely again. Is that what's best for us? Will you come and see me when you have a moment? Have I done something wrong? No. I fear I have. (knocking) Come. May we speak as true friends? In spite of all that's passed between us, I'd like to think we understand one another better than most. A true friend wouldn't have spoken to me the way you did. What a thing to say to a woman. "Old fool." I beg your forgiveness. If anyone should wish you happiness, it should be me. And I do, sincerely. However, you have given me food for thought. Florian is a young man. A promising music career ahead of him. He has no business with me. He loves you, Josie. I can see that from the way he looks at you. It's no passing fancy. But if I care for him, really care for him, then I must let him go. He may want children. He thinks he loves me now. But what about in five years' time, ten years' time? What about if one day, he… Life is full of "what ifs." This country is full of parents bidding their sons goodbye, wondering "what if"-- "What if I never see my son again?" You've got the man you deserve. Don't throw him away. (door closes) (birds chirping) (door opens) Miss Blenkinsop! Where's Mr. Selfridge's diary? I've no idea, Miss Plunkett. You took it, didn't you? Why would you do such a childish and ridiculous thing? We both have a job to do, and you're making mine impossible! I'm making it impossible?! Ladies, please! This is most unseemly. What do you accuse Miss Blenkinsop of taking, Miss Plunkett? My diary for Mr. Selfridge. I only wanted to see what dates I might have. This is not the wild African savannah. Mr. Selfridge is not a wildebeest to be hunted down by slavering hyenas. Cooperate and work peacefully and in tandem from now on. What's going on? Nothing for you to worry about, Mr. Selfridge. I think it might be better for you to work from the Selfridge household, Miss Blenkinsop, seeing as though you have all the family's social engagements to arrange. PLUNKETT: Yes. We could meet here every Monday, Miss Blenkinsop, to apportion Mr. Selfridge's time to our diaries. Excellent idea, Miss Plunkett. What do you think you're doing? Of course. Dirty little scrubber looking for money. (sighs) Have I told you recently how utterly contemptible you are? But my money is above contempt, I take it? No, I don't think I have, so I really should avail myself of this opportunity. You, Loxley. You are a weak, wretched little man. On your knees… if you want it. You were born into nobility, but there's nothing noble about you. You're a war profiteer. The scum of the earth. Get out. And you're a coward. Letting Harry Selfridge take the blame for your dirty money making schemes. Take the money and get out. It's the last you'll get from me. I would keep an eye on the newspapers if I were you. What's that supposed to mean? Good-bye, Loxley. May you rot in hell. I was wrong not to speak out when I knew that Loxley was obtaining money by foul means. And I was wrong to vouch for a man I knew had no moral spine. Our troops have suffered because of it. And you have endured the blame, Harry. The Procurement Committee convenes today. Go and right these wrongs. Go and clear your name. You can't go in there! Watch me. (men chatting) (men fall silent) My name is Harry Selfridge, and I stand before you to clear my name. Get out, Selfridge! This is the House of Lords. No place for a shopkeeper! (laughing) This man is a traitor to this country. Mr. Selfridge, please. And you are no better for not speaking out against him. Somebody remove this man. You came to me for advice on manufacturers to supply the troops. And look where your advice led us. SELFRIDGE: For the sake of the troops, I say to you all, check every order that passed through this man's hands. I am sure that shoddy boots are merely the tip of the iceberg. He has been feathering his own nest with kickbacks from crooked and inferior manufacturers. A contemptible lie! Have you no shame, Selfridge? Oh, I've been shamed. In the press, in the eyes of the public, my staff, but most terrible of all, in front of my family. And quite rightly so. I chose suppliers on your word. The word of a gentleman, I thought. The word of a man who knew what he was about. I strongly suggest that you made those recommendations based on the promise of monies from those suppliers to you, Selfridge. This is the list that I gave you, Loxley. It quite clearly states that under no circumstances do you use Kings, the boot manufacturers. Who did you use, Loxley? Kings. (men muttering) SELFRIDGE: Your own wife is willing to authenticate this list. She's also willing to testify to huge sums of cash deposited directly into your accounts practically from the moment that you joined this committee. What's going to come out next, Loxley? Yes, I'm a Yank. And I'm a shopkeeper. But I'm a man of honor. Which is more than I can say for some of the occupants of this room. Good day to you, gentlemen. (men muttering) Perfect, isn't it? Honest and true. Like Miss Towler herself. Are you in love with her? Yes. Take good care of her, Mr. Colleano. I am leaving first thing in the morning. Good luck, Mr. Leclair. What is it, Victor? I'll always love you, Agnes. I should hope so too. But I can't marry you. What? I can't take you away from this life you've made for yourself. Against all the odds. You'd come to resent me. And maybe children would soften that in time, but years would pass and your heart would still be here. You wouldn't be you, Agnes. Victor… The you I fell in love with is the you I can't have because a life with me would mean too many changes for you. I understood that my life would change when I agreed to marry you. And I'm grateful for that. But I would never have all of your heart. We both know who does. You are the loveliest girl I've ever known, Agnes Towler. And now I have to let you go. Go to Henri. Tell him you love him. Be happy. Would you do that for me? Be happy. Oh, Mr. Crabb, good news. Mr. Edwards, Mr. Selfridge and his family are on the shop floor! Excuse me, Harry, I think you'll find this interruption worthwhile. One for you, one for you, one for you, one for you. Good news. The whole of London is buzzing. GROVE: What's going on? Mr. Selfridge took on the establishment. And Mr. Selfridge won. Kings have admitted paying Loxley large sums of money in exchange for orders. They say he instructed them to cut corners. They're willing to testify in return for reduced culpability. We couldn't ask for a better Thanksgiving present, Harry. Thank you. Members of the Procurement Committee are sorely embarrassed. They've extended an invitation to you to join the committee. I said I'd ask. Tell them I said thank you. But I decline. I'm a store man at heart. That's who I am. It's what I do. What will I do with myself all day now I don't have Loxley to worry about? (laughing): I'm sure you'll think of something. Indeed I will. Yet once again, the world is my oyster. (giggling) Everything all right, Rose? We'll speak later. Just enjoy this moment. You deserve it. Well done, Mr. Edwards. So can we put all this behind us and start again? (sighs) I'll consider it. Kitty… Miss Hawkins, you led me to believe… What did I lead you to believe? (laughing) You can tell me over dinner tonight. When you may call me Kitty again, if you wish. Where are you going? That is not your concern. I cannot stay here any longer. If I ask you to stay, will you stay? Ask me. I've been fighting my feelings for you for stupid reasons. Other people's reasons. I don't want you to go. Please stay. Please. How many years since we all sat around a table for Thanksgiving dinner? Come on, hurry up! (laughs) Harry. Yeah? I've got something to tell you. I haven't been feeling very well lately. And I know you've asked a number of times and I've brushed you off. Rose? I think the reason that I put it off was because I knew that there was something seriously wrong myself. And now I've been to see the doctor a couple of times now, and, um… It's my lungs, Harry. And what the doctors are saying is that there really is nothing they can do. Rose, sweetheart, what are you saying to me? I don't know how to say this. I'm dying, Harry- Henri. Agnes. I thought I might find you here. 'U. I'm not marrying Victor. And he told me to come to you. Was… was he right? I love you. I love you, Agnes. I've wanted to say those words for the longest time. I love you. You have to come back to me, Henri. I will. I will come back to you. And when I do, I'll never leave you again. We'll see the finest doctors in the entire world. There are things that we can do! Harry, sometimes there are limitations to what any of us can do. Even you, Harry. (sighs) Even you, my love. But you know what you can do? What? What? We're going to go downstairs and we're going to enjoy our Thanksgiving dinner with our family and our friends. We will give thanks and we will get through the evening just the way I've planned. We can give them that. And then tomorrow, in the morning… we'll gather the family together and let them know. Can you do this for me, Harry? Yes. Thank you. BEATRICE: I give thanks for this pink chiffon dress I got in the store today. GORDON: I give thanks for my parents and all they do for me. I give thanks for us all being back together again. A huge, big thanks for us all being back in London. I give thanks the Selfridge name has been cleared of dishonor. Well said. Mae? Oh, I give thanks for friendship and forgiveness. Rose, sweetheart? I give thanks for all the years of happiness that I have enjoyed. With you, Harry. And with my family. And you? I give thanks for the simple, most important things: my family, my friends, my beloved wife. And I give thanks for this moment in time, which I shall cherish forever. Amen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 