Mr Selfridge: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr Selfridge 
 s2e8 - Episode #2.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr Selfridge (2013–2016): Season 2, Episode 8 - Episode #2.8 - full transcript 
 Harry returns to London with information for Summertime but is angry that Bill will not support him in the face of accusations of treachery and talks to the staff to reassure them that Edwards' newspaper story about him was a lie. Edwards is genuinely contrite and agrees to print a letter from Harry telling the truth but the editor refuses. Following the bad publicity business is poor until Delphine brings American film producer Mack Sennett and his actress lover Mabel Normand to the store. They throw a lavish party where Mabel gets young Gordon very drunk. Harry visits Henri, who is facing deportation, but manages to trace Valerie with Bill Summertime's help and she vouches for his innocence, securing his release. Having sold her jewels to pay for their accommodation Lady Mae tells Pimble that, since her husband is reluctant to grant her a divorce, she must destroy him whilst again her efforts to reconcile with the Selfridges are rebuffed. Mack Sennett asks Harry to return to the States as his business partner but Harry turns him down. Feeling now very positive he extols the virtues of Delphine to Rose, who is not sure how to take it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 REPORTERS: Here, that looks like him! Mr. Selfridge! (men shouting) Why were you in Germany, Mr. Selfridge? (men talking over each other) (cameras snapping) (men continue questioning) Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, I'll answer all of your questions in due course. (door slams) Welcome back, Mr. Selfridge. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Harry, you're home. Thank God. Pa. What's going on out there? What's all this about a scandal in the press? (knocking at the door) Victor's downstairs, Agnes. He's come to walk you to work. How did you sleep last night? Better, thank you. Morning, Victor. VICTOR: Morning. What is the matter? It's Agnes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's being so brave, but it's been a week since that dreadful telegram and we've heard nothing since. When they say George is missing… Well, maybe they mean something else. It is a possibility. But surely the Army would know if George had been killed? War is more chaotic than you think. It's hard to get information. Well, if Agnes can remain positive, then so must we. Maybe she's right and George is still alive. I believe in these feelings. Your family… I always knew, I think, that they were dead. But it is only recently that I have accepted it. Only since I met you. You mustn't talk like that. There is nothing wrong with the way I feel about you. Nothing at all. GERMAN OFFICER: Herr Selfridge… (Speaking German) ROSE: Harry? Why didn't you tell me you were going to Germany? I've been so worried. I'm sorry. I had my reasons. Delphine told me about Mr. Summertime. She made no attempt to contact him for me. Don't be angry with her. She told me who Summertime is and what he does. I went in with open eyes. Papers. (exhales) Harry… Harry, are you all right? I am now. I missed you so much. I should have told you where I was going. From now on, we'll face everything together. No secrets. No secrets. WOMAN: Did you see what happened with Irene the other day? Yes, I can't believe it! I know, and then she actually picked it up and put it down beside the counter! A lack of customers should not be seen as an opportunity to indulge in idle chitchat. Please return to your station, Miss Brown, immediately. Sorry, Mr. Thackeray. Sorry. (protestors shouting) Yank go home! Shame on you! It's been like this all week, since the newspaper article came out. Should we go round the back? I'm not sneaking into my own store! Traitor! Selfridge, you traitor! Please! KITTY: Mr. Selfridge! Miss Hawkins, good morning. I just want to say that I don't believe a word of these rotten rumors. Thank you, Miss Hawkins. If he finds out she's been stepping out with Mr. Edwards, she's for the high jump. Oh, Mr. Selfridge! We've all been so worried about you. Thank you. Chief! You're back! (knocking) Oh, thank you. What is it? The hotel owner says your banker's draft has come back to him. Your account's been closed. How very charming of Loxley. Well, don't you worry, I can sell my jewels. They're in the bank. You must be careful. He'll be looking for you. I can't hide from him forever. HARRY: No wonder the store is empty! It's in all the newspapers. The staff are worried. Sales figures are down. Then there was this rumor you were in Germany on business. I was in Germany. But Why? I thought we were closing all our German suppliers down. We have. So if we're not still in business with them… It was government work. Oh, I see. They were supposed to keep it quiet and they didn't. It was handled badly-- I shouldn't have gone. If it was for the war effort, Chief, you should have. And if I may say, I'm proud of you. Thank you, but I don't think you should be. This store depends on my reputation. I risked everything, and for what? DELPHINE: So how's Harry? Was the German trip incredibly exciting? I wouldn't say exciting, exactly. I'm sorry I couldn't find out more for you, but Bill was totally mum. He wouldn't tell me anything. Oh, well, Harry's home now, safe and sound. The scandal will blow over. People have said worse things about me and I'm still standing. Yes, but you trade in notoriety. Harry doesn't. He's feeling very let down. We must think of something to bolster him up. Remind him of what a wonderful and unique person he is. And how do you propose to do that? There's people in town he might like to meet. Conjurers, like your husband, who make dreams come true. What on earth are you talking about? I think Harry needs a little stardust. Delphine, this really is not your problem. Rose, darling, your problems are my problems. That's what friends are for. Leave it with me. (knocking) Sir, there's a gentleman to see you. Thank you. One of the manufacturers you wanted me to meet with, Herr Voss… Ah, yes. All of his factories along the Rhine have been requisitioned. He's sore about it, very anti-The Kaiser. I told him the British government wanted him to work for them, gathering information. And? He's waiting for your fellows to contact him. That's good news. He could be very useful to us. Thank you. That's it? What else is there to discuss? We had a deal that this trip would go unnoticed. Yes, sorry about that. The British press are a canny bunch. There also wasn't supposed to be any trouble. I was questioned in my hotel room for hours. I didn't think I'd get out of there. But you did. The point is: you owe me. There are Selfridge's men fighting in France with shoddy boots on their feet and the blame has been laid at my door. I want to know why. You want me to look into the Procurement Committee? Yes. I can't do that. I am sure that Lord Loxley has something to do with this. It's not in my remit. I'm sorry, Mr. Selfridge, but this is your fight. Not mine. (clears throat) (crowd murmuring) Good evening, everybody. I wanted to say a few words. Unfortunately, I was out of the country when this… …unpleasant article was printed. Is it true, Mr. Selfridge? Of course it isn't. It's all right for you to stand up there and talk about it, but it's our boys out there. My brother, my fiancé. The thought of them with boots which let in the mud… I understand how upsetting this is, and I'm as horrified as you are. But you have to believe me. This is a gross untruth. Not only is it a pack of lies, but it was written by a journalist who used to be welcome in this store. (quietly): Did you know Frank Edwards was going to write that? I swear I didn't. If I had, I'd have tried to stop him. Now, I have written a letter to the paper in question. I, Harry Selfridge, did not and would never recommend poor manufacturers. Selfridge's prides itself on quality. It does not let down its customers, as I would not let down this country. Questions have to be asked, however, as to why the Procurement Committee are blaming me for their poor choice in manufacturer. Trust me, I will get to the bottom of this. There are employees from this store out there fighting, and I owe it to them to clear this up. I have another duty to them, which is to look after the ones that they've left behind. We have all heard the very sad news that some of our Selfridge men will not be coming home. Their families will not be forgotten. Thank you. (knocking) 22 men, Chief. My God. Next of kin are underlined and the addresses are on the left. Thank you, Mr. Grove. (knocking) Yes. Oh, Miss Towler. Come on in. I'm very sorry to hear about your brother. George is missing, he's not dead. Of course. You're working late. Yes, there's lots to do now Mr. Leclair is not here. Ah, Mr. Leclair. I honestly don't know what to make of it all. You know they're holding him at the American Embassy? Yeah. Maybe you could telephone and find out what's happening? Mr. Leclair isn't high on my list of priorities right now. He had the American authorities chasing after him and he never told me. If I could get hold of that woman, Valerie… Valerie Maurel? She's in London and he's been looking for her. She's at the heart of this, I know she is. But I don't know how to begin to find her. I know someone who might. And he owes me a favor. Jim. Mr. Selfridge. Evening Jim, I'm looking for Mr. Summertime. His secretary said I could find him here. Mr. Summertime. A word, please. Excuse me, ladies. What is it, Mr. Selfridge? I need you to do something for me. Find this woman. Frank Edwards' paper hasn't printed my letter. Perhaps it will be in the evening edition? It better be. The Times has written about you positively. That's because I telephoned the editor yesterday to tell him my side of the story. He's an honorable man. The rest of them? Nothing. Okay, that's good. And you can bring that stuff again to me tomorrow? Of course. I will personally get it to you by the morning. BYE bye. Sir, can I have a word? Yes. Harry Selfridge. Aren't we treating him rather poorly? What are you complaining about? You got your story. You did rather well out of it. But the more I think about it, the more the whole thing smells wrong. Selfridge is acting out of character. He's calling the Procurement Committee liars. And he more than anyone was trying to pal up to them! He wants to save his own skin. Well, let's at least print his letter. No. It's unpatriotic. Even if there's truth in it? In war, truth isn't everything. I disagree. Do you want to be back where you started, Mr. Edwards? I can take away your column as easily as I gave it to you. Remember that. (yawning) No yawning on the floor, Miss Calthorpe. Sorry, Miss Mardle. It's just ever so slow, isn't it? Rearrange these cologne scents, please, Miss Pertree. Six inches between each, no more, no less. Yes, Miss Hawkins. What's the matter with you today? It's just… I was hoping Mr. Selfridge's letter would be in the paper this morning and I could show it to my father. What's your father got to do with anything? He wants me to leave. Says I shouldn't work in a shop like this. I don't know what to do, Miss Hawkins. What do you… (women gasping) Darlings, this is the store I've been telling you about. This is Selfridge's! (talking excitedly) (cameras snapping) Let's go shopping! It's not! Oh, my goodness! Then there's this, Chief. The list is growing daily. Customers who've closed their accounts. Mr. Selfridge! You wouldn't believe who's downstairs! These are swell. Feel them, Hattie! So soft! Darling, they are totally divine! I'd like five pairs, please, in all your different colors. Me too. And can I try on that cute little hat? Of course! Pa! Have you heard who's here? It's Mabel Normand! Mabel who? Do you remember we went to see Mabel at the Wheel together? Of course. WOMAN: Get a look at this! Oh! I've just got to have this darling parasol! (cheering) Mabel, quit showing off. Make me! (crowd laughing) I'm going to try and get her autograph. Don't cramp me, people, or we'll all fall over in a big heap! Harry, Harry, this is somebody I want you to meet. Mack Sennett. He's the producer and owner of Keystone film studios. So good to meet you, Mr. Selfridge. You've always been an inspiration to me. Oh, please. When I set up the studio, everybody said I was crazy. A bit like you with your store. I love your movies. You do? What's more important than making people laugh? That's what I think! Life can throw bad stuff at you, but when you walk into a movie theater and see one of my pictures… You forget it all. Until you come out again, of course. (laughs) Mack's over here promoting a full-length feature film. Nobody's done it in comedy before, so I thought, "Why not?" I'll be sure to catch it. I'm actually having a party at the club tomorrow night and we're going to show some of the Mabel films. Please come, Mr. Selfridge. I will. (screaming and laughing) Mabel! They're going to visit every department. I thought it might give the staff a lift. It's worked already. Thank you, Delphine. This is just what we all needed. (knocking) All my beautiful jewelry, sold. Never mind, never mind. Emeralds don't put food on the table, but this? This does. Go on, what is it? Ladyship, it's Lord Loxley. He's downstairs. You've wasted a journey. I'm not coming back. I want a divorce. I think we can come to a better arrangement. One that doesn't involve scandal. I don't see what. Come back and I'll leave you alone. You can have the house in London. I'm fully expecting to return to the country soon, live there as I used to. On what? Your dirty money? Uh-huh. Mae, you always had imagination. Now let me be clear: I don't want you bandying that story about. It's in both our interests if you forget it. Come back and we'll forget this ever happened. We're good for each other. I knew that from the first time I set my eyes on you. You've always been the woman for me. I do appreciate that you're being so reasonable. I just need some time to think. Don't leave it too long. I can't keep the gossips at bay forever. What did he want? My silence. I need to destroy him. Before he destroys me. You look very smart today, Florian. I am going for a job interview. For the Music in Wartime Committee? No, they have enough musicians. I am applying to do other war work. I must help in any way I can. But the violin… I appreciate your concern, but I am able to make these decisions for myself. Thank you for breakfast. Poor Florian. He seemed like he was really cheering up and now he's sad again. Has anything happened? Oh, I have no idea. Well, if you'll excuse me. You're going in early this morning. I'm going to the American Embassy. I've written to Mr. Leclair. I thought he should know that Mr. Selfridge hasn't given up on him. That's kind of you. It's not a personal letter. There's nothing inappropriate about it. Of course there isn't. Mr. Leclair is your colleague. You're worried for him. I just don't know how he could have got himself into this position. You said he was looking for a young lady? Yes. Maybe he allowed his emotions to overcome him? He followed his heart. I don't know what it's about. Anyway, it serves him right if he… Are you all right, my dear? Of course I am. Agnes… Your letter. Ah, Mr. Leclair. This is Mr. Regan of the New York District Attorney's office. As you know, nine months ago, a considerable sum of money was embezzled from J. Walter Thompson whilst you were employed by the company. I did not take this money. Then why did you skip the country before we could even question you? I panicked. I thought you were coming to arrest me. You skipped because you're guilty. I'm going to get you back to America and lock you up for a long time. Do you understand, Mr. Leclair? Your luck ran out. I'm looking forward to this party tonight. Mabel Normand is terrific. I might cry off. You should come. They're a good bunch; they'll cheer you up. I'm just a little tired. It's been a long week. You can say that again. Frank Edwards' paper still hasn't printed my letter. I'll have to get the lawyers on to it. Although it'll take forever to go through the courts. And already, the damage is done, goddammit. Lady Loxley is here. She's asking to speak to Mr. Selfridge. Oh! Harry, how are you? I'm so sorry about this… What can I do for you? I'm rather busy. I know you must be angry, but please believe me when I say I had no choice but to vouch for Loxley. If we can put aside our differences, together we may be able to prove that my husband is behind this scandal. I don't see why you'd want to do that. Loxley and I are not getting on and it would help me to see him disgraced. It's always the same with you, isn't it? You use a situation for your own gain. The situation, as you call it, is very complicated. Complicated how? Rose and I thought you were our friend. I am your friend! That's why I'm here! You need me. I don't see why. Harry, the Procurement Committee, they have questioned your integrity. Now, some of the most important people in the land sit on that committee, whereas you… Yes, what about me? At the end of the day, you run a store. Now in their minds, that means you're surplus to requirement. But I know things about Loxley… Please leave my house. (gasps softly) There's someone staying here. A Mr. Leclair. Please, could you see he gets this? (crowd chatting) Daisy! Charlie! With me! GORDON: Aren't they beautiful? Not surprising-- they're Mack Sennett's bathing beauties. That's the first time I've seen you smile in a long time. Well, tonight, I intend to enjoy myself. MACK: Roll it! (crowd laughing) (laughing) (crowd laughing) (laughing) (applause) Bravo! (music stops) (applause continues) (footsteps approaching) May I join you? I want to explain my decision regarding you and me. There is nothing to explain. But there is. You're right. I have been running away from my feelings for you. Awhile ago, I was in a relationship with a gentleman. He hurt me. I don't ever want to be hurt like that again. He also made me feel that I didn't deserve to be loved. Who is this man? That doesn't matter. And how could he have been so wrong? You of all people deserve to be loved. Excuse me! Hi! Tom Collins. Two, please. (indistinct talking) Would you like to be a movie star? Gosh, well… I'd love that! I mean, I'd like to try, anyway. I direct my own movies. I can make it happen. Let's drink to it! What is it? A Tom Collins. Don't say you never had one! Well… Go on! It won't bite you. (growls and laughs) Well, I'm not going to beat around the bush. I'm looking to set up another studio. There's acres of land out there to build on. I need a business partner. Well, if you're asking… That's exactly what I'm doing. At least pay a visit and see what it's like. You know, I just might do that. What are you two plotting? I'm trying to get Mr. Selfridge over to California. Oh, Harry doesn't need California. He's got London, Mack. Well, London doesn't much like me right now. DELPHINE: But it will. You'll come back from this. We need you, Harry. You're our dream maker. Mr. Selfridge. Excuse me. I've found her. She's at this address. I left a couple of my people with her to make sure she doesn't take it into her head to leave. She's jumpy as a rabbit. Who knows what you'll get out of her? MAN: Good morning! Good morning, Master Selfridge! Lovely day, isn't it? Lovely. (yawning) Psst… (laughs) You look awful. Thanks. Thank you. What's in a Tom Collins, anyway? Something lethal. Well, I reckon it's worth the headache. You splashed out with Mabel Normand! Do you think you'll see her again? Hope not. She was fun but totally over the top. Better on screen than off. So you're not about to run off and be a film star, then? Not on your life. Give me the tea emporium at Selfridge's any day. (sighs) Good morning. ALL: Good morning, Mr. Crabb. I've called you all together because we need to assess our present situation. We are down but by no means out. Last week's figures are up on the week before. The American spending spree helped. But we must remain united and loyal to Mr. Selfridge. Well said, Mr. Crabb. Even if he's never here? The Chief is out on important business. To do with Mr. Leclair, no doubt. Have you seen this in "Town Talk"? Apparently, Mr. Leclair is to face charges in America. Mr. Edwards says there isn't a word of truth in that column. The Mr. Edwards? Yes. I had nothing to do with that article, though! One of the beauty girls might have to leave because of the trouble it's caused. Mr. Edwards is ruining people's lives. He certainly is. Perhaps you should have thought about what sort of gentleman he was before you consorted with him. I didn't… I suggest we put Miss Hawkins' previous association with Mr. Edwards behind us. This is not a time to bicker. Mr. Crabb is right: unity is everything. Do you think it's true about Mr. Leclair going to America? If it is, there's not much we can do. That man's brought you nothing but worry. You're worth a hundred Henri Leclairs. Forget about him. You're right. I've done everything I can. What are you doing here? I'm hereto get you out, I hope. And I've brought an old friend of yours with me. Valerie? Bonjour, Henri. My husband was Monsieur Leclair's senior at JW Thompson. He was jealous of Mr. Leclair. Why? Because“. Well, he and I used to be lovers. Is that true? I had the choice of two men: Henri or Morgan. Morgan was influential, high up in the company, so I chose him. It was a bad decision, something I regret very much. REGAN: What has this to do with the fact that thousands of dollars were taken from clients' accounts? I did not take the money. I have told you this so many times. Then why did you skip the country? It's not the action of an innocent man. I told him to leave. Morgan said it was the best thing for Henri to do. It was only afterwards I realized that it made Henri look guilty. Which was what Morgan wanted. It was Morgan who took the money. Can you prove it? I kept copies of our personal accounts. You will see the amounts of money going in corresponds with the amounts that went missing. Miss Maurel, if this is true, you have done Mr. Leclair a great disservice. I'm so sorry. Ambassador, Henri Leclair is an honorable man. I can vouch for him 100%. Now, if he agrees to not leave England until this is cleared up, surely you can let him go? I'll seek approval for the extradition order to be rescinded, but it'll have to be approved by a judge. In the meantime? You must keep us informed of your movements, Mr. Leclair, and you must on no account leave the country. But if you agree to these terms… I do. Then you're free to go. HENRY. I don't know how to thank you. I'm so sorry I have involved you in this. I came to London to find Valerie because I suspected Morgan. Then you offered me work and friendship, and it was too tempting to resist. It's over now. It's not over. You're in trouble and it's because of me. No, it's not just because of you. Listen, when my name is cleared, I must go to France to fight. But until then, I will stay with you. Together, we can make Selfridge's the most talked about store in London again. I needed to hear that more than anything. No. I wonder what Mr. Selfridge wants to talk to us about this time. Not more bad news, I hope. Thank you for supporting me earlier, Miss Mardle. I haven't always been the first to stand up for people, and I'd like to try to change that. I'm going to turn over a new leaf. Oh, well, that will be interesting. Good afternoon, all of you. We've had a tough week or so, and sometimes it's hard to imagine that things are going to get better. But all you need is one thing to go right, and it has. Monsieur Leclair has returned to us. (applause) I want to say thank you to Mr. Selfridge. I would not be standing here now if it wasn't for him. I won't forget it. I got your letter. It made me feel hopeful when I was not sure there was hope left. I just wanted to make sure that you knew that Mr. Selfridge was looking for Valerie. Did he find her? Yes. And she confirmed my innocence, so thank you. It doesn't matter. It matters. I have always treated you as an ingénue-- as my protégé, I suppose. I was. I mean, you taught me so much. A little, perhaps, but really, you taught yourself. You have always understood more than me and seen more than me. Agnes, I've been such a fool… Please, Henri, don't. As a friend, I'm glad you're all right and your troubles are over, but let's not make more of this than it is. As soon as George comes back, I'm marrying Mr. Colleano. He's the right man for me. He always has been. (footsteps approaching) Good to have you back, Mr. Leclair. Thank you. I was just telling Mr. Leclair about our engagement, Victor. The ring is beautiful. Congratulations. Excuse me. To my friends, the Selfridge family. Cheers, my friend. (doorbell rings) Talking about family, Harry, I was thinking, why don't we get the girls and your mother over here? In times of trouble, we should all be together. I would love that more than anything else. So would I. I haven't seen the girls in ages. That's settled then. I'll send word to your mother tomorrow. Mr. Selfridge, a visitor for you. MACK SENNETT: We're heading back to America at the end of the week. Short visit, then? Afraid so. Have you thought any more about my offer? Come and be my partner. It's very flattering, but I can't. I'm not a movie man. I'm a merchant. Delphine's right: that's the dream I make. Well, she's a smart and savvy businesswoman. You're a breath of fresh air, Mr. Sennett. And if things ever get too bad, all I need do is buy a ticket to the movies. (laughs) Best of luck, Mr. Selfridge. And knock 'em dead. I have no doubt you will. Thanks, Mack. Nice house. HARRY: You know, Mack's made me think: sometimes the simplest solution is the one staring you right in the face. ROSE". What do you mean? I need to get the store back on track. Remind people what Selfridge's is all about. Oh, yeah? What's that? Forgetting about your problems. Escape. Dreams. You know, Delphine's one hell of a woman. She and I really see eye to eye. You do? Yeah. I think she might be able to help me get the store out of this mess. Thank you for bringing her into our lives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 