Mr Selfridge: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr Selfridge 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr Selfridge (2013–2016): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 As the war progresses German goods are withdrawn from the store and Harry is approached by Bill Summertime, whom he met at the card game and who is part of British Intelligence. He asks if Harry, as an American neutral, will visit Germany as a spy. Henri bumps into Agnes, whilst she is waiting for Victor. Things are strained between them but she tells Henri that Victor is a good man. A party including Henri and Agnes and Miss Mardle and Florian attend the music hall and see popular singer Richard Chapman. Not only is he ideal to headline Harry's patriotic concert but he and Lady Mae find themselves getting close as she confides in him about her unhappy marriage. Victor tells Agnes that he has a bank loan to run the family restaurant and wants her to leave the store to work with him whilst after yet another argument between the two men Thackeray accuses Henri of being an enemy spy and he is arrested. As news of casualties among former Selfridge workers arrives at the store Harry confronts Loxley as being a profiteer before leaving for Germany, asking Delphine not to tell Rose of his decision. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Down, please. GRACE: It's such a shame. All those toys stored away, and nobody to play with them. Anti-German feeling is running very high, Miss Calthorpe. It's now store policy not to stock anything German. Too old to play with dolls, aren't you? It's not me I'm thinking of; it's my sister Ruth. She doesn't have many toys. Morning, Franco. Morning, Grace. Seven, eight… 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The Rimmel mascara is becoming popular, Jessie. I want to push it. Yes, Miss Hawkins. I thought about going down to Greenwich this weekend, see the boats, have a meal. Would you like to come? I can't this weekend. Next one, then? Don't you want to come with me? My father says I mustn't go out with foreign boys. I'm really sorry, Franco, but that's the way it is. Good morning, Miss Towler. Good morning, Mr. Leclair. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 SELF RIDGE: I mean, look, Frank, the American government shouldn't be trading with both Germany and Britain. They're profiting from war. Can I quote you on that? You certainly can. Good morning, Mr. Edwards. Mrs. Selfridge. I'll write this up for tomorrow. I appreciate it, thanks, Frank. What's the matter? Everyone's leaving London. Oh, who's gone now? Hetty Madison. (sighs) "Dear Rose, so sorry not to be able to come to dine next week." Apparently the boats are crammed with Americans. Don't they care how bad it looks? Seems not. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Selfridge. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Selfridge. This is looking splendid. Pride in your department. This is what I like to see. (chuckles) It's funny. Most of the time, I forget who you are. I mean, I think you're normal, like me. I am normal. You're Gordon Selfridge. You couldn't be normal if you tried. Morning, Sir. Morning. Good morning, Mr. Selfridge. Morning. The Heads of Department are waiting for you, Mr. Selfridge. I want to talk to you this morning about stock. As you know, we've cleared German goods off the shelves and replaced them as much as we can with British goods. Some of you have done tremendously well: Miss Hawkins, for example. Thank you, Mr. Selfridge. I'm pleased to say that Yardley and Penhaligon's perfume are up 50% on last month. It's about encouraging the clients to embrace new merchandise. (sighs) Once they've tried something, they usually like it. SELFRIDGE: Now, if Miss Hawkins can do it in Beauty, the rest of you can as well. How are we progressing with the plans for our patriotic concert? Well, chief, although we're still looking for our top-of-the-bill singer. Keep me informed. Thank you all very much. Oh, Miss Mardle, one moment, please. How do you think Gordon's doing? Very well. I'm pleased with him, too. Let's return Miss Calthorpe to you in Accessories and see if he can stand on his own two feet. Very good, Mr. Selfridge. One more thing. I understand you've become a woman of independent means? (chuckling) Well, yes, I have, but that doesn't change anything. I am still very committed to the store. And we're committed to you. The store wouldn't be the same without you. I just wanted to say enjoy it. Enjoy what? Your money. Oh! Your brother left it to you because he wanted you to have it. Don't feel guilty. Have fun with it. You deserve to. Thank you, Mr. Selfridge. (door opens) You've been receiving visitors. A young man involved with one of my charities… This is not what we talked about, Mae. I thought you understood. I am now a man of standing. Nobody lays with my wife but me. Oh. Loxley, give that back to me. It is a man's right, by law, to enter his wife's bedroom. You won't be requiring this anymore. Excuse me. Do you have an appointment to see Mr. Selfridge? He'll see me. Mr. Selfridge, good morning. Bill Summertime. We met at Miss Day's card party. I work for His Majesty's government. Have a seat, please. Did Lord Egerton send you? I have nothing to do with Egerton. No, I procure something entirely different: information. What do you mean? Intelligence gathering. It's vital to the war effort that we know what the enemy is up to. You're winding down your suppliers in Germany, aren't you, Mr. Selfridge? Yes. It would be a good time for you to take a little… business trip over there. There are persons of interest we'd like you to contact. But how would a trip to Germany come across to the British public? I have a reputation to maintain. And we have the resources to keep it quiet. Nobody need know. I don't know. You could be of great help to us. You rub it into your eyelashes and it makes them lovely and lustrous… Sorry I couldn't see you last night. I was busy with this: a piece about your chief. I hope he likes it. I'm sure he will. Because you wrote it. The lady flatters me-- what does she want? Dinner? Done. Good luck. You and Mr. Edwards seem close, Miss Hawkins. We enjoy spending time together. He is older than you and has a certain reputation. I can look after myself, thank you. And unlike you, I enjoy a gentleman's company. If there's a promotion on British linen, we should make the most of it. Yes, but why do we need quite so many sheets? So we don't run out, of course. Even if everybody else does. What about the soap? You'll be surprised how quickly it goes. All 25 boxes of it? Good morning, Mrs. Crabb, how are you today? I need hairpins, Miss Mardle. Twelve dozen. So… This is made out of British cloth. We had it in our warehouse, so I suggested to Mr. Thackeray we use it for these patterns. Excellent. Very good, Mr. Leclair. Very good, both of you. Fashion has found its feet again. FRANK: Mr. Selfridge. Ah, Mr. Edwards, here you are. Good morning. Excuse me, gentlemen. What is it? Don't you think you should stop promoting German labels? What are you talking about? The hat you wore in to work this morning. It's a Homburg. (laughs) The Homburg has been renamed, Mr.Thackeray. It's called a Biarritz now. And those shoes? Handmade in Munich. And I will continue to wear them because they are extremely comfortable. Now, if you've finished, you need to redress this mannequin. You've got the look entirely wrong: the skirt should be higher on the waist. Like this. SELFRIDGE: "Mr. Selfridge stated "that the Americans shouldn't be trading with both sides, making profit from war." I've pinned your colors to the mast. Thank you. This is good. You might lose a few friends. Most of them have gone back to the States anyway. Harry, I want to write a piece about the Procurement Committee. They're a pretty powerful bunch. Don't talk to me about them. I'm done with the lot of them. Knocked you back, did they? (sighs) I gave Loxley some contacts, but I don't like him. Anyway, I'm not interested in the Procurement Committee. There are other ways to help the war effort. Delphine, come look what's just arrived! Don't take it. Harry Selfridge is buying you. Let him! I've had enough independence for one lifetime. Anyway, I'm not 20 anymore. You're as good as. You're sweet, Jim, but I have to be realistic. No, Mr. Selfridge is quite a catch. He's the kind of man that the less you ask for, the more he gives. He's married to your chum. He makes her unhappy. She doesn't understand him. And you do? Oh, yes. I know what makes Harry Selfridge tick. Am I disturbing you? No, come on in. I'm just getting a waistcoat made with this British cloth that we're promoting. I just wanted to say thank you for the wine and to tell you that I can't accept it. Of course you can. You'd be doing me a favor. I need the space in my warehouse and you organized a great evening of cards. Even though you got no joy from Lord Egerton. Can you turn that around fast? Yes, sir. But Bill Summertime came to see me. Bill? But he hardly spoke to you all evening. I don't know if you know what he does. He enlightened me. Is he for real? Oh, yes. He's a very old friend, we go way back, but he's impossible to say no to. What did he come to see you about? Thank you, Miss Plunkett. (door closes) I can't really discuss it. (sighs) Don't be rash. I know you worry that you're not doing your bit for this country, but it's not true. People come to this store and their hearts lighten. They forget about their problems. Believe me, I know. Is the club in trouble? Oh, only with supplies. These are tough times. If there's anything else I can do… You're sweet. But I can look after myself. And you should do the same. Rose! Delphine! I haven't seen you in so long. You never come and see me at the club anymore. I have been so busy with the store. Oh, more charity events? Actually, I'm helping Harry, particularly with the new female staff. Well, that's marvelous. He enjoyed his card evening with you. I should have asked you before leading him astray. Oh, I'm not his keeper. So am I forgiven, then? Nothing to forgive. Oh, good. I must rush, bye, darling. (knocking) Come. Ah, Mr. Thackeray. What can I do for you? It's a delicate matter. It's about Monsieur Leclair. What about him? I think we need to consider the possibility that he's not what he seems. (scoffs) What on earth do you mean? He's behaving strangely. I saw him, here in this store, exchange money with a man. And I know for a fact he's trying to locate a German person. A German person? I also think he's been to Germany recently. Well, that can't be right. Am I the only person in the whole store who can see him for what he is? He returned, out of the blue, just before the war started. He looked unkempt, he refused to engage in questions about what he'd been doing for the past four years… He was in America. So why did he come back? These questions have to be asked. The papers tell us there are spies everywhere and we must be vigilant… Yes, all right, thank you, Mr. Thackeray. I'll look into it. In the meantime, please keep your concerns to yourself. We don't want to start rumors flying. Where are you going to? A variety show. With Mr. Colleano. What's wrong with that? You could do better. Victor's a good, honest man. Yeah? Unlike me, you mean? People are saying things about you, Henri. Oh? And what are they saying? That you're hiding something. This country has gone mad. But you are hiding something, aren't you? Why won't you talk to me? You of all people, to doubt me… I don't want to. But you're not the man I used to know. Ready? " Let's all go down the Strand " " Let's all go down the Strand… " I haven't seen you look so happy in ages. I've been taking life too seriously, that's why. It's so nice to not be worrying all the time. Thank you, Victor. I needed this. "Oh, what a happy band " " That's the place for fun and noise " " All among the girls and boys " " So let's all go down the Strand " " Let's all go down the Strand " " Let's all go down the Strand " " I'll be leader, you can march behind " " Come with me and see what we can find " " Let's all go down the Strand " " Oh, what a happy band " " That's the place for fun and noise " " All among the girls and boys " " So let's all go down the Strand! " (cheering and applause) Thank you! (applause continues) (humming) What? Hello, Richard. Well… Richard Chapman singing at music halls. I never would have believed it. (chuckling) I have to make a living, Mae. Anyway, I enjoy it. And you know me. As long as I'm singing, I'm happy. I'm glad you said that because I have a job for you. Some new favorites, with a bit of classical thrown in. It's for a charity concert at Selfridge's. Please say you'll do it. For you, I will. " I'll be dreaming, Dear, of you " " Day by day… " All right, stop it. " Dreaming when the skies are blue " " When they're gray… " Oh, you haven't changed a bit. (laughing) You'll have to smarten me up a little. My dress coat has seen better days. Oh, I can arrange that. I bet you can arrange anything now. You landed your Stage Door Johnny. It's what all the girls wanted, but you got it. I did. I'm beginning to think that maybe it was a mistake. He does love you? I… I don't think Loxley knows what love is. Then why did he marry you? Well… Everyone wanted me that season. Do you remember? For some reason, I was the "in" thing. Loxley likes to get what other people want. I'm to blame as well, though. I married him for money and for his power. I thought I could keep him at bay, you see? I was wrong. Leave him. He doesn't own you. He owns everything I stand up in. Who cares about fur coats? I do. What's so great about this thing, anyway? It keeps me warm. A good man would do that. You're a clever girl, Mae, and you have a big heart. You deserve to be happy. Coming here and seeing you, it has reminded me of the girl that I used to be. She wasn't so bad, was she? No, maybe she wasn't. Where have you been? Out, obviously. I've been waiting for you. After you. (humming) You seem in good spirits this morning, Miss Mardle. Indeed I am, Miss Hawkins. I went out last night. Oh, with Miss Towler? All girls together? With Miss Towler and two gentlemen. I had a most enjoyable evening. Miss Calthorpe, now you are back at Accessories, I expect to see Accessories standards. Please be careful with the handkerchiefs. No creasing. Thank you. Yes, Miss Mardle. Happy to be back, then? I'd forgotten what an old battle-axe Miss M is. I should have stayed on tea. (laughs) Oh, this is for you. Well, not for you exactly. For your sister. British made. My sisters loved their dolls. Rotten not to have many. Oh, Ruth will love it. But you shouldn't have! I wanted to. You're a gentleman and a friend. Thank you. CRABB: If Mrs. Crabb had more to do, perhaps she'd worry less. GROVE: What's she worrying about? She's stockpiling the most peculiar things. Last night, I stubbed my toe on a jar of marmalade. Under the bed! Doris hardly seems to notice we're at war. She's so taken with the children. Mr. Grove, Mr. Crabb, good morning. Good morning, Miss Mardle. Aren't you looking well, Miss Mardle? I have noticed recently that while we're all getting older, you seem to be getting younger. Are you wearing a new scent, Miss Mardle? Yes, I thought I might spoil myself. Are arrangements moving forward for the charity concert, Mr. Crabb? Indeed they are. We've found our singer, a tenor called…? A contact of Lady Loxley's. Richard Chapman. Oh! Well, if he needs accompaniment, my Belgian lodger is a marvelous violinist. How's she settling in? Quite well, thank you. That's a good idea. Thank you, Miss Mardle. Please ask her. Indeed. HENRY. Miss Plunkett said you wanted to see me. Yes, uh… Please sit down. The fact is there's been some gossip in the store about you. It's all nonsense, of course, but… Well, I need the requisite details in order to extinguish it. So could you tell me precisely what you've been doing since you left Selfridge's four years ago? I have been in America, as you know. Yes, but for the whole time? No, not exactly. Where were you, then? Europe. Germany? Yes, Germany. Henri, I have no intention of inquiring into your private life. Good, because I have no intention of telling you about it. But what I would say is that Mr. Selfridge has placed a great deal of trust in you. And if you are holding anything back, anything at all, now would be the time to tell me. There is something I must tell you. I am going to hand in my notice. The French government is accepting older men for the army. I wish to leave as soon as I can. I heard this morning. The bank's going to give me a loan so I can get the restaurant going again. Oh, that's wonderful! I'm going to hand in my notice. Mr. Selfridge will miss you. Will you? Of course I will. You know I will. You could come and run the restaurant with me. What? Marry me. But… Just hear me out, all right? You need somebody, Agnes. You think you're fine on your own, but you're not. Ever since George left, you've been sad, and I see that and it breaks my heart. I want to wake up beside you every morning and fall asleep beside you every night and I think you want that too. Victor… We can really make something of this restaurant, Agnes, and when we have children, they can help us as well. We'll be a proper family. Life is about people when it comes down to it, and nothing else. Victor… Please, don't say no before you've had a chance to think it through, at least. Well, if you'd let me get a word in, you'd hear what I've got to say. It's yes. Really? Really! Thank you. So Mr. Grove has agreed to let you play at the charity concert. Now, there will be Suffrage ladies there… Suffrage ladies? The bossy ladies. Oh. But one of the things they do is organize theater events at the military camps. They might be able to get you some work. You are always thinking about me. Well… It's quite nice to have someone to think about. Oh, I'm sorry I'm late. We hadn't started eating. Has something happened? Um… Well, um, I shouldn't tell you, I promised I wouldn't, and, um… You mustn't breathe a word. Mr. Colleano? He proposed. (gasps) And he gave me this. Oh, Agnes, congratulations. Thank you. SELFRIDGE: So, to what do I owe the pleasure? Felt. Felt? Yes, to line military coats. I need a great deal of it, and quickly. I trust you have suppliers. I do. Would this information be for the Procurement Committee? Does it matter who it's for? A great deal. There are businessmen in London who are trying to buy up material to sell to the enemy. American businessmen. Just because they're my countrymen doesn't mean that I have any intention of helping them. How do you know about them anyway? (laughing) What's so amusing? Your hypocrisy. Until a couple of weeks ago, this shop was full of German merchandise. As was every store in London. Britain depended too much on German manufacturing. But you still kept on buying from the… good old Fatherland? I don't trust you, Loxley. It's as simple as that. I can't and won't help you. Find your felt elsewhere. Who are you to talk about trust, Selfridge? You're a tradesman. And trade is a dirty business. All you've done is build your vulgar shop here and get rich. You have done absolutely nothing for this country. There's a guest to see you, Mr. Selfridge. He's waiting in the courtyard. Thank you. Mr. Summertime, good evening. Mr. Selfridge. I must know your answer. Well, I made a fuss about the government not using me for the war effort. I'd be a coward and a hypocrite if I said no. Good man. Now, these are the names of the manufacturers we want you to try to meet. The name at the top is of particular interest to us. He's due in Berlin in the next couple of weeks, so we may ask you to go at a moment's notice. SELFRIDGE: I was thinking about going to Europe. Why? I have to tie up some supply situations. But don't worry; I'll be on American papers. I'll be fine. Where in Europe? Paris, mostly. (footsteps) Well, I'm excited about tonight. Harry, I need to talk to you about something. If it's about work, it can wait. No, it can't wait. You look beautiful. Thanks! Oh, I'm looking forward to this. Shall we go? Here, allow me. It's kind of you to borrow these for me. You need to look your best, don't you? Am I good? Very good. (door opens) I thought you might like to wear these. They belong to George. Are you sure? He'd want for you to wear them. (piano playing Debussy's "Clair de Lune") Good evening. Good evening, Mr. Grove. Good evening. Ah, Miss Towler. Good evening, Miss Mardle. Where is your violinist? Mr. Chapman would very much like to meet her. This is Florian, Mr. Grove. Hello. But I thought… Yes, there was a little bit of a mix-up, but we're happy to have Florian staying with us. Where is Mr. Chapman? He's on the terrace, waiting to begin. Just through there, Florian. Thank you. Good luck. GROVE: I can't quite believe you have a young man living with you in your house. Well, I couldn't turn him away, could I? Special times call for special measures, don't you think, Mr. Grove? Now, if you'll excuse me. Where am I sitting? Right this way, ma'am. Thank you. Good evening, Mrs. Selfridge, Mr. Selfridge. You look very smart, Mr. Crabb. Oh… (laughs politely) Could I have a quick word, Chief? I'll see you in there, Harry. There's a gentleman to see you in your office. He says it's urgent. (laughing) Good evening, Miss Towler. Good evening, Mr. Thackeray. Good evening, Mrs. Selfridge. Lord Loxley. Lady Mae. I'm looking forward to this: a patriotic concert organized by the only Americans left in town. Well, we may be Americans, Lord Loxley, but Selfridge's is a British store and it's very proud to play its part. Where is Harry? He should be here any moment. Please, take your seats. Mr. Crabb, could I have a word? We really can't wait any longer We'll have to begin without him. Yes. Thank you. Gentlemen, we are about to start. SUMMERTIME: We have to leave now, Mr. Selfridge. Tonight? Yes, right away. We've heard the chap we want you to meet is in Berlin. He might not stay for long. I have a concert to attend. My wife and guests are waiting. Write a note to your wife explaining. Tell her you need to be in Paris straight away. An important supplier is in town. Ask her to explain to your employees that you'll be back in a few days. We want to reassure her and your staff. We don't want them worrying about you. " And nations to Eastwood, and nations to Westwood " " As foremen may curse them, the Yeomen of England " " No other land can nurse them " " But their motherland called England… " Is everything all right? It's Harry. He's going away. Can you find out what's going on? Yeah. Thank you. (music concludes) (applause) (shouts of "Bravo!") Thank you. This next song is for our boys at the front, But I need a little help with this one, so which one of you lovely ladies would like to join me? I will. (piano playing introduction) (violin joins in) " Up to mighty London came an Irish man one day" " As the streets were paved with gold " " Sure, everyone was gay " " Singing songs of Piccadilly, Strand, and Leicester Square " " 'Til Paddy got excited, then he shouted to them there… " Please join in, I'm sure you know it. " It's a long way to Tipperary" " It's a long way to go " " It's a long way to Tipperary " " To the sweetest girl I know " " Goodbye, Piccadilly " " Farewell, Leicester Square " (faint): " It's a long, long way to Tipperary… " I'm late for your concert! I'm so sorry, Harry. Bill? Good evening, Delphine. Where are you going? I hope you're not involving Harry in anything dangerous. This has nothing to do with you. I'm off on a business trip, that's all. Please, don't worry Rose about this. She doesn't know. I won't breathe a word to anyone. I'll be thinking of you. Good luck, Harry. We have to go, Mr. Selfridge. " It's a long, long way to Tipperary " " But my heart's right there." (applause) Thank you, Mr. Richard Chapman and our surprise soloist, the lovely Lady Loxley. (applause) All the money raised tonight goes towards provisions for our soldiers at the Front. And this next song is for them too. Thank you. (music starts) Did you find him? No. He must have already left. " O Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling " " From glen to glen, and down the mountainside " " The summer's gone " " And all the flowers are dying… " Can I help you? Mrs. Selfridge, I'm looking for an Henri Leclair. (whispering): Henri. Come with me, please, sir. You are suspected of spying. What? ROSE: Henri! Don't touch me! AGNES: What is this about? ROSE: Henri! Hey, don't touch me! AGNES: Excuse me, there must be some sort of mistake! POLICEMAN: Stay back, miss. All right, all right… ROSE: Henri… RICHARD: " 'Tis I'll be there in sunshine or in shadow " " O Danny boy, O Danny boy, I love you so " " And if you come when all the flowers are dying " " And I am dead, as dead I well may be " " You'll come and find the place where I am lying " " And kneel and say an "Ave" there for me. " " And I shall hear, though soft you tread above me " " And all my dreams will warm and sweeter be " " If you'll not fail to tell me that you love me " " I'll simply sleep in peace until you come to me. " 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 