Mr Selfridge: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr Selfridge 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr Selfridge (2013–2016): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 Harry is confronted by a delegation of trade unionists led by Arnold Huxton demanding better workers' rights. Union membership is forbidden at the store as the staff have their own council for debates but Ed and Dave, who work in the loading bay with Gordon, are interested and arrange to attend a talk given by Huxton. Gordon overhears and sneaks into the meeting but when the Selfridge staff learns how comparatively well-served they are, the unionists are angry and a fight ensues. Rose, seeing Henri at the club, follows him home to where he is living in poverty though he declines her offer of his old job back. Harry is annoyed that she made the offer behind his back. To repay the staff for their loyalty he arranges a tango party at Delphine's, inviting Lady Mae, though her obnoxious husband also tags along and is angry when Harry refuses to discuss business with him. Despite the threat of war, which particularly unnerves Grove, the party is a success, Kitty dazzling Frank, though Agnes, of whom Thackeray is still jealous, tells Victor they have no future. The Loxley's crumbling marriage is tested when Mae learns that her husband has leased out their country estate. She counters by mocking him over the fact that Harry rebuffed his request to discuss business so he hits her, knocking her to the floor. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: Join the union! Ladies and gentlemen, who will protect you if war breaks out and Selfridge goes back to America? Oi, watch what you're doing. You all right? MAN: I beg your pardon, Miss. No harm done, I hope? I'm fine, thank you. Come on, I'll walk with you. Morning, Mr. Crabb. Mr. Thackeray, Mr. Crabb. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Unions are causing trouble all over the country. You go ahead, I'll deal with this. Sorry mate, can't take it. Can I have a moment of your time? Won't hurt you to read it, son. If you have to fight for your country, you'll want a union to come back to. Come along, ladies. MAN: Gentlemen, can I interest you in one of these? If there's war, why do we have to get involved? I don't know. I don't understand any of it. With all this trouble in Europe, Mr. Selfridge might decide to go back to America. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He wouldn't, would he? What's stopping him? His family live there most of the time as it is. But what about us? Our jobs? Mr. Selfridge isn't going anywhere. Listen to me! We've had quite enough excitement for one morning. Now hurry along to your stations please, quietly and with decorum. It was a peaceful demonstration, but the message was clear enough. The staff know our position on trade unions. We take care of our own. We do, but we're in the minority. Workers are protesting all over London. Dissatisfaction spreads. Well. Our people feel secure enough. Rumors have started, Mr. Selfridge. What rumors? There's a notion that you may return to America. That's ludicrous. Where's Mr. Grove? I'm sure he's on the shop floor doing his rounds. We must reassure the staff immediately. Miss Plunkett, arrange a heads of department meeting as soon as possible. And get Mr. Grove up here… Mr. Grove! You're late. (sighs) Mr. Crabb, apprise Mr. Grove of the situation. I want to see you in my office in five minutes. You couldn't wait till I got in? Actually, I was trying to cover for you. And not for the first time, Mr. Grove. These are Mr. Selfridge's requirements for this week's promotional displays. Menswear, Haberdashery, Outdoor Equipment… Top priority. Thank you, Miss Plunkett. And you're needed at a head of departments meeting in 15 minutes. Never a dull moment. SELFRIDGE: We need to reassure the staff. We've always looked out for our own. We always will. ALL: Yes, Mr. Selfridge. Good of you to join us, Miss Towler. Sorry, Mr. Selfridge. SELFRIDGE: With the stock market already in turmoil… Your pencil, Miss Towler. Now, with the stock market in turmoil, if our staff are jittery and the morale is low, what's that going to say to our suppliers and our buyers? What I need to do is distract people from what's really going on. I need ideas. What do you have? Anyone? Miss Towler? We could have a dance! How about a tango demonstration here in the store? All the girls love the tango, and Sefior Gomerez is performing at Delphine's. He's meant to be amazing! That's an excellent idea. I love it. Inspired thinking, Miss Hawkins. And maybe a staff party afterwards? I like it, very good thinking. We'll book the Palm Court. No expenses spared for tomorrow evening. Get a hold of Delphine's and book the dancers. Now, we need something to raise the spirit of the public as well. Something big and British. An Empire Exhibition! We could put something on in the Palm Court. If that's all right with Mr. Colleano, of course? Fine, Miss Towler. Something simple, low-key but effective. A display of photographs, merchandise and maps? Something a little more colorful and entertaining. Think about it. Thank you all for your time. Excellent idea, Miss Hawkins. And I hope your Palm Court exhibition does justice to Mr. Selfridge's grand vision, Miss Towler. But you can only do what you can do. (elevator door closes) Well, I'm looking forward to getting out of London. It's so dreadfully hot. Isn't it? And everyone's in such a stew about war. Thoroughly dull, I agree. Yes, the country holds particular attractions at the moment. And will Lord Loxley be staying in town, my lady? Yes, Pimble. Loxley will not be coming with us. (knocking) Am I disturbing you? Yes, thank goodness. (laughing) To hell with accounts. I can't make them balance anyway. Too much money going out, not enough coming in. Why is it always that way round? I did mean it, you know. About investing in the club. Oh, thank you. Well, it's a lovely offer and I've given it serious consideration. But friendship and business do not go together. Well, they should. They should go hand in hand. So I'm not giving up on this one. I'm flattered, but I'm holding firm. For now. (laughing) Actually, it's friendship that brings me here. I might be completely wrong, but when I was here the other night, I thought I saw someone that I know. His name's Henri Leclair. Henri Leclair? That name rings a bell. Was that the man last week asking lots of questions? Didn't he leave his address? Yeah. He left this. What would you want with him? He used to work with Harry. They were close once. Are you sure, Rose? Because that is a rough area. Oh, I've got a tougher streak than you might think. (laughing) Oh, by the way, Harry's secretary has arranged for our guest, Sefior Gomerez, to do a tango demonstration for the staff at the store. Oh! But I was rather hoping you could get him to hold it here. You can appreciate it would be very good for business. And I do throw a good party, if I say so myself. (laughing) I'll see what I can do. Thanks, darling. Do I get to keep everything? Everything. Even the ruby necklace? Especially the ruby necklace. I hope you'll miss me. I hope I don't too much. Well, you know where to find me if you change your mind. Cancel Miss Spender's account, please. Actually, you know, cancel all their accounts. All of them? Yes. Telephone Mrs. Selfridge and let her know that I'm going to be home early for dinner. JESSIE: May I use some of our cosmetics for the party, Miss Hawkins? Oh, I should think so. Miss Hawkins, how are you today? Not one bit shaken by the demonstration this morning if that's what you're wondering, Mr. Edwards. You're looking for a story I presume? As a matter of fact, I'm here to find a present for a very special lady. Well, in that case, I'll leave you in Miss Pertree's capable hands. Might I know something about her coloring, sir? Well, one day her hair is golden; a shaft of sunlight and voila, it turns crimson. Sometimes her lips are pink petal smooth, other times there's a pearly sheen. Blue eyes, but then sometimes there's a hue of violet. She's a difficult lady to pin down. But I'm sure I'll manage in time. She sounds lovely, sir. She is. A new perfume from the House of Guerlain, perhaps? I'm sure she'd like that. Well, that looks… Yardley facial cream, top of the range. Penhaligon soap. Her complexion could be quite sensitive from what you describe. Lady Primrose hand lotion. She'll love the presentation. And the extra expense. If she's hard to pin down as you say, sir, you'll have to work all the harder, won't you? If she's such a catch. Thank you for a very valuable lesson in my wooing approach. You're quite welcome. Everybody has something to learn. I need you to get me in a room with your shopkeeper friend. Why would I do that? There's a war coming. The military will need supplies. He's the man to consult. Arrange a meeting and I'll take it from there. How can you expect him to help you after the way you behaved? Just do as I say. It will be to our mutual advantage. Trust me. That's the problem, Loxley. I never have. You might find the country house a tad crowded. It's been leased to a Dutch industrialist as of yesterday. Chap likes fishing, apparently. GORDON: You should have seen it, Mother. Charlie Chaplin's the funniest fellow ever. He starts the film drunk as anything… Watch out, Charlie. …falls over, then puts his hat onto some poor woman's head. What's it called, Tango Tang/es? Why is that? Because it's set in a music hall. Come with us next time. You'd love it. Oh, that sounds so fun. I will. GORDON". It's a date. 'Night, Harry. I miss us. I love you, Rose. No matter what happened in the past, I want you to know that. I know you're lonely sometimes. But that's for you to deal with. When you're in the States, it's not just the house that feels empty. Harry, I can't give you everything again. I'll just end up with a little less of me each time. I don't want to hate you. There isn't anybody but you now, Rose. Good morning, little one! (door opens) Why hello, Mr. Crabb. Hello, Mrs. Grove. I haven't seen you for ages. How nice. We hardly ever see anybody. Roger's always on about what good friends you are. How are you these days? In my element, Mr. Crabb. How could I not be with my little angels around me? I thought I'd come this way to work today. Walk in with you. Goodbye, my dear. Good bye! Well? I'm ready to be frog marched in. I was trying to help, Mr. Grove. I don't need help! UNION MAN: It's about fully respecting workers. EMPLOYEE: Mr. Huxton, don't you need to go to a meeting before signing up? HUXTON: You don't need to do any of that. Just come along whenever you want. Gentlemen, you're trespassing on private property. We uphold the law, Mister…? Towler. George Towler. Arnold Huxton. Just letting London workers know what we could offer them. Look, I'm all for unions where they're needed. But I've been working here five years and we rub along just fine without one. Take a look at our vision for the future. We have a booth by Bond Street Station if you want to get in touch. Thank you, Mr. Huxton. Pleasure. Thank you very much. Gents. Rose! Hey! Good afternoon, Mr. Selfridge. Black coffee, Franco, thank you. Have you thought about what I said last night? Harry… I just thought it would be nice to take afternoon coffee with you, that's all. Mm. That'll do me for now. (laughing) What? I have the feeling you have something to ask me? (laughing) Delphine wondered if you'd hold the staff party in her club. What do you think? It makes more sense to have it here. A store event for people that work here. But Harry, it would be such a treat for them. I'm not sure. I mean, Delphine would have to get it absolutely right. Well, she'd have every incentive to. I'm thinking of investing in the club. Investing in her club? Mm-hmm . You think that's a wise move? Well, it's early days. We're still negotiating. Huh. Now, what about this party? Well, only because it's you, I'll consider it. Miss Towler. Yes, Mr. Thackeray? You were supposed to be at the Fashion Department. Oh. Ten minutes ago. Yes. I'm sorry, Mr. Thackeray. I've just got an awful lot on. The Luggage Window display, the Palm Court. I will get to you today. I promise. Let's say 5:00, after closing. Busy, busy bee, aren't we? I look forward to seeing you then. (dogs barking outside) (floorboards creaking) Hello, Henri. Rose. It's been a long time. What are you doing here? Do you mind if I come in? Um… yeah. How did you find me? I thought I saw you at Delphine's. At Delphine's? What were you doing at Delphine's? She's a friend of mine. Really? You look well, Henri. You don't need to lie, Rose. A lot has changed since I saw you last. Harry's changed. New York didn't work out for you? No. I'm sorry. Get out, get out. I understand about that. About things not working out. You've got money, family, security. What exactly hasn't worked out for you, Rose? Well, I'm not here to talk about me; I'm here to talk about Harry. He misses you. He feels very badly about the way you two parted. If he feels so bad, why is it you are here and not him? He doesn't know that I'm here. Harry really needs a true friend, and forgive me, Henri, but it looks like… What? It looks like you could do with a friend too. I don't need charity. Henri, just… Why don't you let Harry help you? I don't need Harry's help. I don't care if I never see him again. Please, Rose. Good bye. Miss Towler, at last! I said I'd get here, Mr. Thackeray. Indeed you did, and almost on time. In fact, I've requested Mr. Selfridge's presence for our meeting. And here he is now. Mr. Selfridge, thank you for giving us a moment of your valuable time. What's this about, Thackeray? I've been thinking about your Empire idea. Thinking hard, Mr. Selfridge. And? Why not roll out the idea store-wide? Every department. Showcase the best of Britain and the colonies from the Stationary department to up here in Fashion. I like it. Make it a week-long festival of all that is truly great about the Empire. We'd be saying that you can trust us at Selfridge's to put our best foot forward at all times and that we're here to stay. Trust, Mr. Selfridge. That's what people sorely lack in these uncertain times. It's good thinking. A little more than you bargained for, huh, Miss Towler? Can you handle it? Of course, Mr. Selfridge. Excellent. I look forward to all of your ideas. As do I. Do let me know if I can assist you in any way at all. (door opens) LOXLEY: Good morning, Mae. Have you arranged my meeting with Selfridge? I spoke to his secretary. He's traveling. Very busy man. I hope that you're not lying to me, Mae. What are you going to do? Blackmail me as you blackmailed your friend? Don't play games with me. You will smooth everything over with Selfridge. Never forget, all you have is the Loxley name. I can take it from you like that. Hello, Victor. I've ordered white lilies for the Champagne Bar. Sounds good. And for the Empire Exhibition, I've got some ideas for designs. I was thinking we could put display cabinets all along this wall and hang mounted photographs here, and, um, maybe drape some flags from the ceiling, or… I'm sorry. I know that it was my idea to use your restaurant for the exhibition. I just thought that a contained area would be an easier space to dress. Sounds like you've got a lot on your plate, but you seem to be coping well enough. (exasperated sigh) Actually, I'm finding it all rather daunting. Same here from time to time. Excuse me. Oh yes, of course. Sorry, I didn't mean to take up any of your time unnecessarily. Late finish, early start. The perils of running your own business. Looks different during the day. I didn't know you'd been here before. Rose said it wasn't your thing. She tells me that you offered to host the party for my staff. That's a pretty big money-making venture for you. I won't lie to you, I'm pretty skint at the moment, and an event like that would help, yes. Unlike you, Mr. Selfridge, I can't go to the bank to borrow. An unmarried woman has no leverage. I have to think about my store. About the Selfridge name. I don't want anything to bring that into disrepute. Are we talking about the store or your wife now? Both. Rose told me that she's thinking about investing in this club. That was her idea, not mine. I don't think it would work, but she was pretty excited about it. Rose is a little bit restless at the moment. Can I give you some advice? Miss Day, we've had our problems. But we will sort them out. If you love her, trust her. Thank you very much. I'll keep that in mind. But I am going to tell you something: I think that I know my wife a lot better than you do. Signing up, are you? Just interested. You're all right. You've got your pa to look out for your interests. Now c'mon, Dave. He's down here learning from scratch, ain't he? All we're saying, Mr. Towler, is if he's got the right to read that pamphlet, then so do we. That's right, Ed. My dad swears by his union. We should at least have the right to talk about joining one. You two need to get a grip. And if you're so unhappy, go and speak to Mr. Grove and see what he has to say about it. Yeah, maybe we'll do just that. Yeah, maybe we will. Come on. Yeah. We're here to formally ask for the right to investigate entry to the trade union for warehouse workers. You knew our policy with regard to that when you sought employment. We already have a staff counsel if you need something addressed. Well yes, but can't we even… There is no change of policy. Now return to your stations, please. GROVE: Get back to work! Go on! Selfridge can shove his party. Tell the lads: gather in the loading bay at 7:00 this evening. Oh, I Will. Gordon. Everything all right? I think some of the men see your party as a way of buying them off from talking to the unions. I don't mean it that way. I just thought you should know. (sighs) Son, there'll be days when you'll sit on this chair when it'll seem like you just can't do right for doing wrong. So what do I do then? You do what you think is right. And then you pay the price if you get it wrong. (laughs) LORD LOXLEY: "My dear Lady Mae, "you're greatly missed at the store. "Please join us for a social gathering at Delphine's. I'll send a car." It appears he's returned from his travels. Delphine's. I'm not going. Oh, you're going. And what's more… I'm coming with you. I can't believe we're going to Delphine's tonight! I've borrowed tortoise shell hair combs and a fan trimmed with Spanish lace from Accessories. Nice to be open about wearing rouge, Grace. About time us girls didn't have to keep our personal secret. You're so daring, Jessie. How do you do it? I just look to see how Miss Hawkins does things. One of you lucky ladies might get a dance tonight. (giggling) You might be the one who gets lucky, Mr. Colleano. Oh! Playing hard to get, are we, Miss Pertree? SELFRIDGE: Evening. Do you want a ride to the party, son? Actually, I've got a lot to catch up on here. Is that true, or are you getting pressure from the men down here? I can make up my own mind. I'd like you to be there. No shame in changing your mind if you decide to come. Thank you. Nice enough, I suppose. If my mum saw me in this place, I'd be back in the Valleys faster than I could pack a bag. Mind you don't crack it. Seven years bad luck. No cracking mirrors tonight, Victor. I'm feeling lucky. This is a works do, so it's still Mr. Colleano to you. Evening, chaps. Mr. Arnold Huxton is here to tell us what signing up for the Warehouse Workers' Union can do for us. (applause) It is a pleasure to see so many of you here. This is your party, so leave your cares behind at the door for one night. It won't change the future, but we will face whatever comes our way together. Understand, we are here for you when nobody else is. In these uncertain times, who is looking out for the rights of the workers? How are your interests protected if not by us? It might be my name on the door, but behind that door, you are the ones that matter. So eat, drink, and be merry. That is an order. (crowd laughing) (applause) (tango music starts) (gasps) For now, we are just looking for shorter hours and better pay. But I have a vision that goes much further than that. Let me tell you where the future lies for workers in this country. Everything all right with you and Thackeray? You made it quite clear earlier that you weren't interested in listening to my problems. I didn't mean to cut you off. It's just… I don't know what way to be with you now. What's going on with us? There is no "us," Victor. Look, it's been a really long day. I think I'm just going to go home. (music ends) (applause) HUXTON: There is trouble brewing on the continent. Some say war will come. Will the great Mr. Selfridge look out for you, your jobs and your loved ones if you have to go and fight? Will you accept, with my apologies? Apologies for what? For making assumptions, Miss Hawkins. I won't make the same mistake again. In fact, I promise to work very, very hard to make you see me in a more worthy light. I'll accept your gift. I need a volunteer! I'll talk you through it. Don't worry if you stumble at first. (tango music playing) (crowd gasping) HUXTON: Why should we put up with shoddy work conditions? The rich are staying rich and the poor are getting poorer. It's time to turn the tables. Think about how Selfridge would treat you if you got ill? (crowd mumbling) Tell him, Ed. Look, Mr. Huxton, the things that you're promising us, we already have. The store has a full-time nurse. A dentist comes every week. There's all sorts of schemes for betterment and education. (crowd murmurs agreement) (music continues) If you've got it so good, why did you ask me here tonight? I'm wasting my time! I guarantee you'll come crawling back to us when Selfridge runs off to America at the first sign of war. That's my father you're talking about, and he is not a coward. Did you know he was here? No. You need to get out of here now. (men shouting) (music stops) (applause) Bravo! I have to hand it to you, Miss Day. You sure do know how to put on a show. Well done. I'm glad you're pleased. I could tell you were doubtful this afternoon. You were here earlier? Yes, I just wanted to check out the venue for myself. (upbeat music starts) Good of you to invite us along, Selfridge. A charming display. As I recall, I extended the invitation to Lady Mae. Thank you so much for coming, Lady Mae. Selfridge, while I'm here, it behooves me to bring up the matter other bill. SELFRIDGE: Nothing to bring up. You closed her account. We're done on the subject. A fit of pique on a trying day, you understand. Our outstandings will be settled… Maybe you didn't hear me. I don't need your money. Well, if it's all behind us, I want to discuss some business with you. Lord Loxley, this is a party. Your timing is inappropriate. Perhaps my lovely wife can persuade you to hear what I have to say. Mae? Oh, I agree with Mr. Selfridge. This is neither the time nor the place, dear. Why don't you stay and have a couple of drinks? They are also on the house. What were you doing spying on us like that? I just wanted to hear what the man had to say, same as you. I am working in the loading bay. (scoffs) See, Dave? There's them and there's us. Ever the same. You're all right, Selfridge. Ed would be the first to stick up for his old man. (sighs) Are you sure I can't arrange a car for you, ladies? Thanks, but we're going to walk. I have a little surprise for Rose. I'm not sure about this. Well, enjoy your evening, ladies. Goodnight. So what's the surprise? Just a second, Rose. Come with us, Mr. Selfridge. Come on. All work and no play… SELFRIDGE: I don't want to get in the way. Don't be silly, come on! It's a beautiful evening. (upbeat music playing) (laughing) Mmm, jellied eels. The finest London has to offer. Come on, where's your sense of adventure? Life isn't all fancy restaurants, you know. You need to try what your staff eats. You're full of surprises, Miss Day. Oh, you have no idea. Mr. Grove, are you feeling quite well? I'm drunk, I think. How pleasant. It's not pleasant. How unpleasant, then. Do you ever wonder… (panting) …what paths you might have taken? Paths? In life… In life! Paths in life. Doris is a sweet girl and she's a wonderful mother. As you know, she's with child once more. That'll make four. (groans) That's quite a handful. My life is chaos, Mr. Crabb. Utter, utter chaos. I don't know when I last had a good night's sleep. And when it is quiet, I lie awake worrying about my girls. How will they be affected if war comes? It's terrifying. War brings changes, Roger. We'll have to adapt. Your daughters will adapt. And we will do what we can to help our young men in every way that we can. GROVE: From the store? CRABB: Of course from the store. You know what I think? As long as His Majesty has men of your caliber, we shall be all right. You're a true friend and a decent gentleman. Steady on, old stick. Mm! (laughing) It's quite a strong taste. What do you think, Harry? (laughing) Not much, I'm afraid. Nearly as bad as those snails we had in Paris last time we were there. That reminds me, Rose, did you find your mysterious Frenchman? Mysterious Frenchman? Do tell. Um… I saw Henri. I went to his lodgings. Henri Leclair? He's in London and you didn't tell me? It all backfired on me, anyway. Harry… I'll leave you ladies to your supper. Harry… See you at home, Rose. Harry, wait! Harry, let me explain. (sighs) Why did you do that? Delphine, I was going to explain to Harry about Henri in my own time. I'm sorry, Rose. I didn't mean to cause you any trouble. (fire crackling) (door opens) Gordon? You were working until now? I went to a trade union meeting. Are you all right, son? I'm fine. Things got a bit heated, but it all got sorted in the end. I just wanted to see what it was all about. Well, you're your own man now, son. I understand if you need to look at different sides to different stories. Goodnight, Pa. How it must sting, being made to look a fool of by a lowly shopkeeper. (gasping) I'm sorry about Henri, Harry. Just tell me where he is and I'll go see him first thing in the morning. I don't think that's a good idea. Why not? Things haven't turned out too well for him. You should have at least just talked to me about this. You don't involve me in every part of your life. You went to Delphine's today without telling me. That is completely different. Henri is an old and trusted friend. Harry, I meant well. I'm not going to apologize again. We used to share everything, Rose. That is what marriage is supposed to be about. Oh Harry, that's you all over. You want marriage when it suits you and you drop it when it doesn't. I told you, I am trying to make things right. I am not the one who made a mess of this marriage. You are. So you live with the consequences. God knows I've had to. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 