Mr Selfridge: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr Selfridge 
 s2e5 - Episode #2.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr Selfridge (2013–2016): Season 2, Episode 5 - Episode #2.5 - full transcript 
 At Neuhaus's suggestion Miss Mardle takes in Belgian refugees, including handsome young violinist Florian Dupont. Agnes is asked out by Victor, now running the family restaurant following ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Oh, look, this might be from George. "Dear Aggie, missing you and hope you are well. "Food here is good. "Not a patch on your home-cooking, though! Made lots of new friends here in…" Well, that's funny, why is that blacked out? Well, in any case, he sounds happy and healthy. People are… People are still saying that our boys will be home by Christmas. Oh, I shouldn't wonder. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (doorbell rings) That'll be Florian. I do hope she speaks English. It's going to be terribly awkward if she doesn't. Miss Mardle? Florian Dupont. The Belgian Relief charity sent me. You are most kind to extend this hospitality. Oh, yes, of course, please do come in. It'll feel strange this evening not having light in the windows for the first time since we opened. I know. London's really starting to feel different. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What exactly is the point of lights out at night? It's this new Defense of the Realm act. Harder for German zeppelins to pinpoint English targets. Telephone call for you, Mr. LeClair. Excuse me. Is Henri going to fight for France? He promised me he'd stay with the store for six months. After that, we'll see what happens. I know I'd fight if I could. You can't, Gordon. You should just be glad that you have a job that you can focus on every day. GORDON: I'm not complaining. It's just… It's just I can't get our chaps out of my mind. I'll wait for you in the car. I'm going to be moving him to another department today. Help take his mind off his friends. It's hard on him, being left behind. I know. I think we all wish we could do more. How about if I take you out to dinner tomorrow night? Just the two of us. Yeah? What's the occasion? Can't a husband spoil his wife? (chuckles) All right, that would be lovely. I don't care, it's not my… You have taken my money and given me nothing. Do your job and get me a result. You were in Paris, Mr. Dupont? I worked there for a couple of years. Yes, I was touring there with my orchestra when war broke out. Oh, you're a musician? Violinist. But as you see, no violin. We had to disband quickly. I couldn't return to Belgium. And my little village, I heard the attack was bad. Very bad. And your family? No word. But my manners, you must excuse me. All I have left is in this bag. No gift for your kindness. Nonsense. Now drink your coffee before it gets cold. Where are you off to then? I'll tell you in later. Any word from George? This arrived this morning. Sounds bright and breezy. And? Nothing. Just they've blacked out a bit of what he's written. I hope he's all right. Well, if he sounds chipper, just you keep that in your head. We had a letter from Gabriella too. She sounded happy enough. Where is she? Italy. She's gone home for good. Mr. Edwards has nearly a whole page now. See what happens when you work hard, Miss Pertree? That must be why you haven't seen him in a while. He's got his eye on another girl. Men are very simple creatures, Miss Pertree. They just need reminding from time to time what they're missing. I think it might be time to pay Mr. Edwards a little visit, don't you think? I showed him to his bedroom, what more can I do, Agnes? We're two single woman in a house with a single man. It's unseemly to say the least. We'll explain to him tonight, both of us together. He needs to find more suitable accommodation. Thank you. I feel awful about doing this on my own. I'll just need to think of something to soften the blow. Oh, excuse me. Good morning, Mr. Selfridge. Good morning, Miss Mardle. I've asked my son to join me here because I'm transferring him to the Tea Emporium and I know that you'll be… Tea? When my friends have guns in their hands? The Department Manager has enlisted and we have staff moves to make. My son will be a junior assistant. You've earned your chance on the shop ﬂoor now, Gordon. Can you release Miss Calthorpe for a while, please? Am I right in thinking she started in that department? MARDLE: Yes, of course, Mr. Selfridge. Miss Mardle, I worked my way up to accessories. Well, it won't be for long, and I'm sure Master Selfridge will learn very quickly. On the whole, the women are willing, enthusiastic. There are of course some teething problems. Oh, good grief! Are we surprised? These are women. We can't just expect them to slot in. Mr. Crabb, we're all aware that this is a period of transition. That's why I'm down here. I'll be checking in on all the departments during the week. We'll have to teach a lot more of them to drive. Of course they can't lift some of the boxes. Why exactly are they wearing the men's outfits again? Standard issue-- the men's overalls over their everyday clothes. As I've been telling everyone, quite impractical. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a meeting with the Counting House staff. Speak to the girls during your staff assessment, Mr. Grove. Find out if there is anything we can do to help. Yes, of course, Chief. And what's the matter with Mr. Crabb? Well, he has a rather special birthday tomorrow. I think he's afraid you are going to… He is a little upset, not being able to fight for King and country. He did, after all, sir, enjoy organizing the men's march through the store. (knock at door) (door opens) I know you're very busy, but I need to lean on your expertise and your wisdom in a very important matter. What is it, Mr. Selfridge? As I look around the various departments, my own family even, and I see how difficult it is for the people left behind during war, I think we need a Selfridge's training scheme of some description. Something practical and worthwhile. What about teaching staff volunteers to shoot, Mr. Selfridge? I've heard of an excellent rifle training ground nearby. The men left behind would welcome an opportunity to defend themselves if called upon. You think so? I know so. I will investigate immediately, Mr. Selfridge. Immediately. Well, if it's not too much trouble, Mr. Crabb. THACKERAY: In difficult times, ladies need glamour more than ever. My displays reflect that. Of course Selfridge's will always offer glamour. This is about fashion, and fashion constantly evolves. But a Poiret evening gown is a timeless work of art! Thackeray, it's about the woman, not the dress. The country is at war. They're joining the Red Cross. They're learning to drive. Our displays need to reflect that. Lecture me about war? Why aren't you in France fighting for your country? If you ever question my patriotism or personal integrity again, we'll exchange more than words. Is that clear? SELFRIDGE: Apparently accessories is down 16%. We have to check with Mr. Crabb. (knock at door) Yes? Miss Day to see you, Mr. Selfridge? Harry! If you will excuse me, please. Thank you. I remembered our little chat about you wanting to be more involved in the war effort. And I've heard that someone's retiring from the Military Procurement Committee, which means there could be a vacancy for you. Do you think they would consider me? Well, I think you just need a chance to persuade them. So I thought that I could host a card game. And then you can have a word in Lord Egerton's ear. Tell him that you want an official role. This country needs your help, Harry. Well, sounds like you have it all figured out. Well, I thought tomorrow evening would be fine. Tomorrow? Is that a problem? Well, it's just… I offered to take Rose out. I'm sure she'll understand. Besides, I've already invited the others. I've picked some pretty high-powered people. These chances don't come around often. Looks like I can't say no. I rather hoped you wouldn't. I'll see you tomorrow then. GROVE". Miss Ellis, Mr. Selfridge has asked me to address the problem with the ladies' clothing. Perhaps you would be so good as to enlighten me. We are having problems, Mr. Grove. Our skirts are too long, and I'd like to see a man bend down to pick up a box when you're all squeezed in here and all pushed up here. Yes, very good. Very good. I shall speak to Mr. Selfridge myself on this somewhat delicate matter. Thank you, Miss Ellis. (sighs) Oh, dear me. Taxi! ROSE: Delphine! Hello. I'm having lunch with Harry. Do you want to join us? I feel like I haven't seen you in ages. Lunch? I am so busy at the moment. We'll get together soon. Bye, darling. Roth man Street, please. Thank you, Mr. Selfridge. Thank you. I ran into Delphine coming out of the store. I asked her to join us for lunch, but she said she was busy. She's arranging a card game and she's asked me along. Delphine came to see you? It'll be a real opportunity for me to become more a part of the war effort. The only thing is it's tomorrow night. Do you mind? No. No. You must go, of course. It's just strange she didn't mention it to me. Ah, Chief, could I have a word? Mrs. Selfridge. Could I have a word with you later, Mr. Selfridge? You can have a word with me now. Well… It's a somewhat delicate matter. The, uh… girls in the loading bay. Their clothes are causing… physical issues. Can I be of any help at all, Mr. Grove? Of course the minute I heard about clothing problems I figured that corsets had to be an issue. It's difficult for us to bend down. And you know what, these skirts, they're much too long. Here, take this right off. Yeah, this is too heavy. How about lighter overalls with a belt. Forget about corsets altogether. Shorter skirts, yes? I'll speak with the seamstresses. We should get these made up right away, Mr. Grove. Now, is there anything else I can help you with? Well… We wouldn't mind a mirror or two in the personal facilities. ROSE: Yes, of course. There. That wasn't so hard now, was it, Mr. Grove? (knock at door, door opens) Beg your pardon, m'lady, but cook says the butcher's at the scullery door demanding to be paid. Then pay him. Where did that money come from? That's none of your concern. I'm going to be a lot more involved in commerce from now on. I want you to take on more charity work, raise our profile around town. Why? It's important you look like the perfect wife. Buy yourself a new wardrobe, jewelry. Being Lord and Lady Loxley is very good for business. Lady Loxley, what a lovely surprise! Let's get on with it, shall we? I have a whole new autumn wardrobe in mind. Dazzle me. (knock at door) Come in. Miss Hawkins. To what do I owe this pleasure? I haven't seen you in a while, Mr. Edwards. Well, I've been very busy. Please. Any scoops lately? I only wish. Our hands are tied when it's information from the front line. Mmm… I've heard letters from the frontline have sentences blacked out. Their mail is censored. The Defense of the Realm Act covers writing as well as speech. I recently heard of a wife who reported her husband to the police for saying something unpatriotic over the dinner table. (gasps) Never. She accused him of being a spy because his second name was Wilhelm, same as the Kaiser. (chuckles) Why the sudden interest in my work? Well, I've always been interested in what you write. Well, now. Where could this interest possibly take us? Why don't you tell me, Mr. Edwards? Might I call on you this evening and take you out? You might. You've made my day, Miss Hawkins. Good. Because I've rather missed you, Mr. Edwards. All these tea and morning dresses, evening gowns, they just don't appeal to me today. But imagine yourself on Lord Loxley's arm in a gown like this as you enter a wonderful soiree. Look at the exquisite flow of this fabric. How can you resist? You're not listening to me. I feel I've seen all this before. More exciting departments call. Good day. (door opens, slams shut) Henri, what's the matter? I just want people to do their jobs properly. Is that too much to ask? Well, I hope you're not including me in that. Did I mention you? Look, Agnes, just because we were close once doesn't give you the right to interfere in my affairs. I wasn't interfering. I was just asking what the matter was. Miss Towler! Can I have a word? As long as you're not going to bite my head off. What do you mean? Mr. LeClair upset me. Why, what happened? I don't know what's the matter with him. Oh, sorry to hear that. Well, I've had a bit of good news. Uncle Gio left me the restaurant. That's wonderful. I know. I want to talk to you about it. Well, why don't you call on me at Miss Mardle's tomorrow evening? We can talk about it then. Right you are, Miss Towler. Enjoy your tea, sir. Rifle training tomorrow evening, Master Selfridge. Best get your name on the list as soon as possible. Certainly. Very good. At least I'll get to hold a gun. (Grace giggles) (people cooing) Master Self… (clears throat) (chuckles nervously) (bell ringing) Thank you very much. Thank you. It's quite light, feel that. (clears throat) Rifle training, Mrs. Selfridge. Master Selfridge has just signed up. Did he? You know, sign me up too, will you? Maybe some of the ladies would like to learn to shoot as well. Ladies! Is anyone interested in learning how to fire a gun? (excited chatter) Oh, have you? My, all of you? You're taking music lessons, Miss Mardle? First ﬂoor, please. No, actually, it's a gift. Avery generous gift, I must say. I wouldn't mind being on the receiving end myself. (bell dings) SELFRIDGE: Lady Mae. To what do we owe this honor? Hello, Harry. Well, I'm just on a little shopping spree. Well, I'm very pleased that I've caught you because I have a favor to ask you. Nothing that will get me into too much trouble, I hope. Not in the least. I'm attending a card game tomorrow night, and I'd be very grateful if you invited Lord Loxley on my behalf. Really? Well, I must warn you he rather prides himself on his winning streak. I think I can hold my own. I'm sure you can. Where is it? Delphine's. Oh, well, it's bound to be very exciting then. There'll be other government gentlemen there. Probably people Lord Loxley knows. I'll see what I can do. Thank you so much. Oh… I trust everything's to your satisfaction? Well, yes. Everything but the fashion department, I'm afraid, Harry. Your chap there seems to think that a woman is a mere bauble to dangle off the arm of a man. I think it's best if I do this on my own. It's my house. He simply cannot stay. Well, if you're sure. Good luck. (knock at door) Oui. Mr. Dupont, might I have a word? Is that yours? No… No, it's… It's for you. A small gift. I cannot accept it. Well, I'm afraid I'm going to have to insist. I hate to think you waste your money, Miss Mardle, but… I don't know if I can play this beautiful instrument. It will make me think of home. It might do you good to think of home, Mr. Dupont. I think you're the kindest person I meet in my whole life. You wanted to ask me something? Do you know, I've quite forgotten. I couldn't do it, Agnes. His face… the pain. You know, Miss Mardle, I am glad. If George were in a similar situation I would hope that someone truly good like you would help him out. I know that that would help me. (tuning violin) It is unconventional, my dear. Isn't everything unconventional in wartime? (Dupont playing violin) Lights out. After shining on Oxford Street for five years. When they come back on you can do the biggest, boldest display that London has ever seen. To welcome our men back home. Let's hope it's soon, Rose. I have business contacts in town. You need to make a good impression. Good girl. Hurry up. By the way, Harry Selfridge asked me to invite you to a card game tomorrow evening at Delphine's club, although I am sure you are far too busy for cards these days. On the contrary. I will absolutely relish giving that Yank the trouncing of his life. It's wonderful! Harry, look at the new uniform sample. Isn't it just perfect? It looks very smart and fit for purpose. Thank you, ladies, you both have done a great job. The girls will be thrilled. I can't wait to show them. Good, I just wanted to make sure that I understood your needs properly first. Oh, you certainly did. Thank you, Mrs. Selfridge. (door opens) GORDON: Good morning, Ma, Pa. Mr. Selfridge. SELFRIDGE: It's our pleasure. See you after rifle training, Ma. ROSE: Yes, dear. You didn't tell him, did you? No. I thought I'd keep it as a little surprise. (chuckles) (knocks) You wanted to see me, Mr. Selfridge? Look, I'll get straight to the point, Mr. Thackeray. We need to look at the way forward for the fashion department. No doubt Mr. LeClair has been complaining about me. He said you're not listening to him. Lady Mae is one of our most influential customers. She was not happy at all with what you had to offer her yesterday. I showed her the most wonderful creations. They just didn't suit her mood. It is your job to suit her mood. Not the other way around. The customer is always right. Now I need for you to sit down with Mr. LeClair and go over the new samples. Of course, Mr. Selfridge. Will that be all? I sincerely hope so. Looking for Mr. LeClair? I think I may have seen him with you before. Am I on the right ﬂoor? One floor up. But I'd be happy to pass a message? That won't be necessary. I told you not to come here. You could have telephoned. WEBB: This particular information is best delivered in person. I've drawn you a map with the address. The rest is up to you now. (knocks) (door opens) Can I help you? Actually, I was wondering what that gentleman was looking for. Might I ask what business is that of yours? He was asking about a woman. But she left a couple of days ago. Where did she go? Probably back to Germany, for all I know. Germany? Well, that's where he said he saw her last. Do you think he might be up to something? Is everything all right, Mr. Thackeray? I have strong reason to believe that Mr. LeClair is up to something untoward. (scoffs) What are you talking about? Don't you ever wonder where he's been for five years? He's been in America. That's what he's telling everyone. I still don't get your point, Mr. Thackeray. My point is that you all think he's so wonderful. And maybe he was when he was working here five years ago. But what I see is a difficult, irascible man who's hiding something. (gunshot) (gunshots continue) It's harder than it looks. Yes, sir. Yeah. You really just need to look down the sights, keep very still and then slowly squeeze the trigger. Ma, I didn't know you were here. Can I? Yeah, I used to shoot all the time in Chicago. When I was a girl. (gunshot) Ten! (applause) A bull's-eye, Mrs. Selfridge! There's a lot more to your mother than you might think, Gordon. (gunshot) This really was an excellent idea, Mr. Crabb. My son is so happy to be firing a weapon. We're all conscious of self-defense these days, Mrs. Selfridge. I've had so many volunteers I've had to introduce a rota. ELLIS: Mrs. Selfridge! Who'd have thought? Women with guns? (chuckles) Thank you. If it wasn't for you we'd never get to do anything like this. (knock at door) SELFRIDGE: Ah, Mr. Crabb, come in. You wanted to see me, Mr. Selfridge? How is the rifle training coming along? It was a great success, Chief. I've rarely seen such enthusiasm in the staff. Well done. Oh, Mr. Crabb? Yes? I understand it's your birthday today? Indeed it is. Mmm… You must be very proud. You've had a long and distinguished career. Before you say any more, Mr. Selfridge, I've been expecting that you might need me to retire soon. I realize that time has crept up on me. The store will need new blood. A diamond-tipped pen for your years of service. Happy birthday, Mr. Crabb. Thank you, Mr. Selfridge. I'm truly honored. I want you to know that despite my advancing years, I'm still wholly committed to my role here at the store. I'm not yet ready to hang up my boots. I really don't think we'd know what to do without you here at the store. I'm afraid you're going to have to go on as long as I am. While there's a breath in my body, Mr. Selfridge, I will. I only hope everyone else thinks I can too. LECLAIR: Mr. Thackeray. You'll report to me early tomorrow morning, before the store opens. We're going to go through these fashion plates. If you say so, Monsieur LeClair. I never knew Miss Mardle was such a big game hunter. I know, it's a bit odd. But you know, Victor, it's really nice coming back here after a rotten day at work. And I can't stop thinking about George. You're lucky, you've got this big family. He's all I've got. (whispering): Come on. Show me around. (chuckles) Thank you. Ah, Lord Loxley. Good of you to come on such short notice. I do enjoy a game of cards. I hear that you do too. Yes. Glass of wine, Lord L… Thank you. My pleasure. Mr. Selfridge, Miles Egerton. I've heard a lot about you. And I you, Lord Egerton. Thank you. I was wondering if your Procurement Committee could put me to good use. Oh? In what manner? Well, I could source kit for the troops at a fair and reasonable price for the government. Of course I'd waive all commission. Avery generous offer, Selfridge. Well, Lord Loxley knows that I have given him some sound advice. I'm sure he'd be happy to vouch for me. What do you say, Loxley? Another time, perhaps. There isn't a vacant position at the moment. Well, I heard there's one coming up shortly? LOXLEY: Already spoken for, I'm afraid. By someone we already know. DEALER: Gentlemen, please take your seats. Are you saying you don't know me, Lord Loxley? It didn't seem to worry you when you asked me for my manufacturing contacts. I didn't ask you, you offered it. You were so eager to help. DEALER: Your antes please, gentlemen. MAN: Deal me in. DELPHINE: Bill, what an unexpected surprise! For those of you unfamiliar, this is Bill Summertime. Good evening, gentlemen. Good evening. DELPHINE: Jim, can you get Mr. Summertime a chair? DEALER: Gentlemen, it's no limit betting. (playing lively piece) Did you want to talk to me about the restaurant? Yes, I did. It's not going to be easy. There's quite a lot of debt. But it would be yours. It needs an overhaul. It'll be hard graft. But I suppose that's a good thing. You know, it'll be your own little pile of bricks and mortar. You think I should do it? Yes, I do. (chuckles) (playing arpeggios) Can I ask you a question? You and Mr. LeClair… ls something between you? Um… well, there was. Along time ago. But not anymore. (applause) I stand. MAN: I stand. MAN: Two cards. SELFRIDGE: I'll take one. Check. I bet… £100. MAN: I fold. I'm out. I'll call your £100. And I raise you… £100. Fold. Re-raise. All in. DEALER: £375. Call. Straight to queen. Full house. Kings over aces. Enough for one night. Well done, Selfridge. And Miss Day? LOXLEY: What? Miss Day? Thank you for the evening. My pleasure, Lord Loxley. Good night, Mr. Selfridge. Do you know what, Agnes? I'm glad I talked to you. I am going to make a go of the restaurant. Good for you. Victor… why did you ask me about Mr. LeClair? Why? Mmm. I want to ask you out, Agnes. Don't you need to ask me, then? (chuckles) No. I can see the answer in your eyes. Good night, Agnes Towler. You keep a happy house here. Oh. Well, thank you. No, thank you. This evening you made me forget my troubles. Along time since I've known that feeling. Good evening, sir. Good evening. ROSE: How was cards? Do we have to sell the house? I won. A useful day all round, then. Good night. Let's see if I can find a use for you, Mr. Selfridge. (phone ringing) Bill Summertime. I met Harry Selfridge tonight. I think he could be our man. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 