Mr Selfridge: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr Selfridge 
 s2e9 - Episode #2.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr Selfridge (2013–2016): Season 2, Episode 9 - Episode #2.9 - full transcript 
 Business is still suffering after the newspaper story so Henri brings in the formidable journalist Winifred Bonfils Black. At the same time a contrite Frank Edwards resigns from the paper ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (sighing) Florian. Florian, it's already light. We must have fallen asleep. Go. Before the rest of the house wakes up. I've got a meeting with my lawyers this morning. Maybe they can persuade the press to see reason. I can't believe they still won't print your side of the story. Well, why would they be interested in the truth 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 when their lies sell more papers? It's my female customers who are deserting me because of it. I need to find some way of bringing them back. You know I've asked Delphine to come in and discuss strategy at the store today. I'd love for you to be there too. Are you sure you can't join us, Rose? I'm sorry, Harry. I'd really love to help, but I have an appointment this morning. Then I suppose I will just have to struggle on alone. But if you want my advice, I'd just keep things simple. In times of trouble, people need something they can depend on. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I'll be… What is it? Here in "Town Talk." They're saying Mae has left Loxley. (gasps) Morning, Miss. Good morning. All for you, as usual. There may still yet be word from George. Missing does not mean he's… It's been less than three weeks, my dear. We mustn't give up hope. Well? Still dripping. But now at least I think I know why. It's so nice to have a gentleman around the house. HARRY: I still have my reservations about seeing Mae. She's just walked out on Loxley, Harry. Doesn't that strike you as strange? Why should I trust her again after what she did? But what if there's more to it? I felt as betrayed as you, but what she did seemed out of character. She's been such a loyal friend to us in the past. (sighs) I'll see her, but you know how I feel about this. Just hear what she has to say, please? MISS MARDLE: I still think that working in a factory is a waste of your talents. If it helps the war effort, I'm happy to do it. Music can wait. Well, if you're going to sweat and strain all day, then you must at least eat a decent lunch. They pay me a fair wage, Josie. I have money. Here. Please take it. Thank you. No! (sighs) Well, I'm not giving this to Mr. Grove. I don't want to resign, Miss Hawkins. I love it here. But my father's insisting. Says he won't have me working here no more. That Mr. Selfridge is a friend of the Kaiser! Stuff and nonsense! If there's a bigger patriot in this store, I'll eat my hat. But what with the papers and all… You don't want to believe everything you read. And neither does your father. But what should I do? Tell him you've given the letter to me and that you've got to work a week's notice. Then what? You leave that to me. The scandal is still hurting us. Only this week, seven more influential female customers have closed their accounts. We must act now. We need to make this store the talk of the town again, but for all the right reasons. Delphine's is on the up because we offer people an escape. Let's entertain them, Harry! Just like you've always done. What exactly did you have in mind? We bring the spirit of Delphine's to Selfridge's. We recreate the club in the Palm Court. Give me 24 hours and I will fill the place to the rafters. If you get the right people in, then the rest will follow. Let us hope so. Although Selfridge's is a rather different beast to a… nightclub. Well, I think it's a great idea. Thank you. HENRI: I have another proposal which may aid us. I've heard Winifred Bonfils Black is in London. The journalist? I met her a few times in New York. Her articles are syndicated everywhere. She'd be the perfect person to write about our new promotion. Winifred's. .. she's a one-off. DELPHINE: If by that you mean she's trouble, then I'd be forced to agree. We would have a tiger by the tail. But when she speaks, women listen. Which is exactly why it is such a risk. SELFRIDGE: Well, but one we have to take. I have faith in my store. Henri, invite her to lunch. If you can't charm her, no one can. Thank you all very much. Kitty! I was surprised to get your call. Have you read this? "Rumors of a separation between Lord and Lady Loxley continue." What of it? Well, why would she leave him? We've all met the man. (whispering): Yes, but why now? Just as this scandal breaks out? Maybe she's telling the world that Loxley is to blame for all of this. (whispering): Or maybe it's just a coincidence. Well, I hope you're going to investigate it. Miss Pertree handed in her notice today. Her father read your article and insisted she leave the store immediately. I'm sorry to hear that. It's a matter of integrity. If Loxley is behind this, then you need to prove it. Put the truth out there in black and white so that everyone can see it. It's not that simple, Kitty. You owe it to Mr. Selfridge to put this right. FRANK: Come on, Jameson, think about it! Loxley rang me with the story. What if he planned all this to divert attention from himself? If he's manipulating both of us, we have an obligation to investigate. Taking on Harry Selfridge is one thing. Attacking the government? I may be mad, Frank, but I'm not crazy. You know, I thought you'd say that. Which is why I brought you this. I'm resigning from my column. If I can't write the truth, I won't write at all. MISS PLUNKETT: I'll see if he is available. One moment, please. I'm sorry, Mr. Selfridge. Frank Edwards is on the telephone. I have nothing to say to him. Please tell him not to call again. Very good, Mr. Selfridge. We'll start with the larger pieces over here framing the space. I thought you should know what was being planned. Well, it's different, I'll say that. This your idea? Direct from Mr. Selfridge. And Miss Day, of course. Bringing the spirit of Delphine's to the Palm Court. An Arabian theme, I understand. As long as they don't expect Franco to do a belly dance. (laughs) No word from your George? Not yet. I should get back. There's a new window to finish for tomorrow. Monsieur Leclair said he would give me some advice. And how long have you had these symptoms? I'd say three, four months. Perhaps more. And the difficulty in breathing? The same. I'm sure I'm wasting your valuable time, doctor. It's just the last few weeks, I've had so little energy. I thought some kind of tonic would help. Perhaps so. But first, I should like to examine you, if you have no objections. Of course. (knocking) Come. You wanted to see me? Please sit down. (sighing) What I witnessed this morning was unbecoming of an employee of Selfridge's and frankly embarrassing. This affair has gone too far. I have done my utmost to persuade you to end it in a dignified fashion, but you seem determined to ignore me. As a result, you have been humiliated. I had hoped you would come to realize that financial gain is the likely motive for this boy's apparent infatuation. That is a despicable suggestion. And yet this morning, I saw him receiving money from you with my own eyes. Could it be any clearer? You are being taken for a fool, Miss Mardle. An old fool! If you're quite finished, then I will reply. My life is my own, Mr. Grove. How I choose to live it is my business. And I would ask you in future to keep both your opinions and your insults to yourself. (sobbing) One Manhattan, madame. And I should charge this to…? Harry Selfridge, of course! Winifred Black. Thank you so much for coming to see me. The pleasure is all yours. (laughs) And Monsieur Leclair. It's been too long. Miss Black. I got your message practically insisting I pay you a visit, which made me think you want something from me. Am I that transparent? Oh, I find that men usually are. It's one of life's constant disappointments. I see that my Fleet Street colleagues have been giving you a rough ride. Damn lies. But mud sticks. We need some good publicity. An article by you would be a fantastic start. I don't do puff pieces. My readers rely on me for the unvarnished truth. Which is what we want you to write. You have integrity and so do I and I am confident that my store will speak for itself. Monsieur Leclair will give you all the access you need. Here's how it works. You give me carte blanche to look around and talk to your staff. If I find a story that inspires me, maybe I'll write it. It's a deal. Let's hope you don't live to regret it. (chuckles) It was brave of you to leave him. I couldn't live with him a moment longer. Anyway, I'm very glad that you called, Mr. Edwards. I presume this is about Harry Selfridge? I want to get to the bottom of this wretched business, but Harry won't take my calls. Understandable, I suppose. And there's no point in a direct approach to the Committee. They'll only close ranks. Well, then, perhaps we should find the weakest link. Lord Edgerton and Loxley, they were at school together. Now, Miles had certain peccadilloes even then, and let's just say he's never grown out of them. What are you saying? I overheard Loxley blackmail Edgerton for a seat on the Procurement Committee. This was all planned, Mr. Edwards, right from the very start. And now Harry's taking the rap for it. Exactly. And if he won't help himself, then we must do it for him. And this is our fashion department. Aha! And indeed our head of fashion, Mr. Thackeray. Mr. Thackeray, may I introduce Winifred Black? She's a journalist. Bien sur. Your reputation precedes you. Mrs. Black is writing about the store. You know I'm one of your greatest admirers? As I'm sure Mr. Leclair has told you, female fashion is at the very heart of this store. I flatter myself that where our department leads, the others follow. I could show you around personally? Very kind, but I like to find my own way. It's the only way to get under the skin of a place. Of course. You have your particular methods. But if you need anything, you simply have to ask. Noted. Thank you. And it's Thackeray With an "A-Y." A common error, sadly. Well, there's a man who'd sell his own grandmother for a quarter and a smile. So you know him already? Am I wrong? Rose. Delphine. I didn't expect to see you at the store today. I just need to talk to Harry about something. Oh, I think he's left. I saw him walk out a few minutes ago. Oh. Well, I'm sure I'll catch him at home tonight. I should probably… No, don't go. I feel like we haven't talked in a long time. My ladies want a story they can identify with. Something inspirational. Then perhaps you should meet Miss Towler. (spritzing and sniffing perfume) DELPHINE: If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were avoiding me. I was hoping to see you at our film night. It's really nothing personal. I've just been a little tired, that's all. You do look rather pale, Rose. Are you sure you're quite well? Oh, it's nothing. My doctor just diagnosed me with a little… congestion on my chest. I'm sure it's all down to the city smog. Oh, dear. Does Harry know? Not yet, no. It didn't seem fair to burden him with my troubles too. You're probably right. He doesn't need anything else to worry about. You should have seen him this morning. He looked like he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. What you need, Rose, is a break. You need to take some time in the country and get your strength back. SELFRIDGE: So the stories are true? You left Loxley? Something I should have done a long time ago. Rats desert sinking ships. I should not have vouched for Loxley. And I should have spoken up when I first suspected. But you chose not to. Choice has very little to do with it. When I married Loxley, I knew he had few scruples, but I thought I could control him. Being married to such a powerful man, that was intoxicating. But I was just… I was a naive young girl. Why did you vouch for him? Loxley is… a violent man. Why didn't you say something? Because I was ashamed. I am ashamed. And scared. We have to stop him. I believe he means you harm, and you don't know what else he's capable of. I'm beginning to understand. It's not safe for you here. You're to come home with me. And stay as long as you need to. These are exquisite. How long have you worked here? Since the first day that we opened. I, um, had to leave my previous post. There was a misunderstanding. Actually, I suppose it was Mr. Selfridge's fault, so I went to his house and asked for a job. (laughing) You just marched right in there? I can't believe I actually did it. You are clearly a young woman who makes her own fortune. I work hard, but it was Monsieur Leclair who taught me everything I know. Aha! A protégé? With the help of Mr. Selfridge, of course. He was the one who sent Miss Towler to Paris. I expect that little trip opened your eyes? Oh, it did. The Moulin Rouge. Quite shocking! But I wouldn't have missed it for the world. Miss Towler always had a natural talent. It just needed to blossom. I imagine you two make quite a team? What is your article about? Oh, I have no earthly idea what it's about. But I find that if you look hard enough at something, a story usually appears. You're getting married? Oh, um, to Victor. He manages the Palm Court. Harry Selfridge: employer and matchmaker. (laughing) Your parents must be very proud. Well, it's just me and my brother George. It's always just been the two of us, really. Is he fighting? He's missing in action. Oh. But I'm sure he'll be back. (footsteps approaching) Excuse me. Mr. Colleano? I wanted to talk to you about Miss Towler. There is still no word from her brother? Nothing. After three weeks. I'm concerned that she's convincing herself he's still alive. Maybe that's her way of dealing with it. Her way of getting through it. You know her best. If you've got something to say, Mr. Leclair, say it to my face. I'm not going to fight you. Now, you listen to me. I've been there for Agnes right through this, day and night. I'm offering her more than you ever have. A family, a future, something real. Something she can hold on to. You wanted to see me, Mr. Selfridge? Ah, Miss Plunkett. You should know that my family will be arriving from the States soon. I'm afraid it's going to require a little more work on your part. My girls can be… rather demanding. I see. I hope that won't be a problem. My previous secretary Miss Blenkinsop always managed to wrangle them somehow. I'm sure I'll be able to cope, Mr. Selfridge. Miss Plunkett, meet Miss Blenkinsop, my former secretary and your new colleague. Miss Blenkinsop had to leave for personal reasons, but she's now going to be rejoining… Am I being replaced? Not replaced-- assisted. Miss Blenkinsop will be my new social secretary. And you'll deal with all store business. I'm sure we can find a way to work together. ROSE". Oh, Mae, do you know, I sensed something was wrong weeks ago. You weren't yourself, but I was so distracted with everything that was going on… No, no, no. I thought I could deal with Loxley alone. I was Wrong. Well, you're here now, you and Pimble, safe and sound. I only wish I was going to be able to spend more time with you. Are you leaving? Once the girls are settled, yes. I'm planning on spending a few weeks on the coast. Is everything all right? Fine. I went to see the doctor today. Just mild congestion of the lungs. But Delphine suggested that it would do me the world of good to get out of the city for a while. Are you sure about this, Rose? You'd be leaving Harry at a time when he needs your support more than ever. I really don't want to be a burden to Harry. No, I think Delphine's right. It just wouldn't be fair. SELFRIDGE: You've done a great job. Well, we're a fantastic team, Harry. And you are a fascinating man. People might think you do this for the money, but I don't think that's what it is at all. And what is my motivation? You just love to give people what they want, even if they don't know it themselves. We're the same, you and I, which is why all this doesn't have to stop now. With all due respect to Monsieur Leclair, I believe what you need is a female vision across the whole store, not just for a couple of days. I find my wife does that very well. But perhaps you have someone in mind? Trust me, Harry. We should work together, you and I, side by side. You won't regret it. (playfully): What are you doing here? I didn't know you were back already! Oh, uh… Sorry. (crying) For a moment, I really thought it was him. I thought it was George. And then he turned… (sobbing) What will I do, Victor? What will I do if he's gone? Now, you listen to me. Whatever the truth, whatever happens, we're going to face it together, you and me. Side by side, man and wife. Come here. You need your family around you at times like this. It's late. You need to eat. I'll cook us an Uncle Gio special. (laughs) Come on, let's go. I can't. I've got my window to finish. All right. But if you're not back at Miss Mardle's in the next couple of hours, I'll drag you out of here myself. FRANK". Lord Edgerton, I have it on good authority that you were blackmailed by Loxley. Me? Blackmailed? That is an outrageous suggestion! My information comes from an impeccable source. What do you want from me, Mr. Edwards? Your cooperation. Give me the evidence I need to bring Loxley down. I want him behind bars, where he belongs. If Edgerton admits to being blackmailed, Loxley will be thoroughly discredited and Harry will be in the clear. The truth must come out. And it's down to you, Miss Hawkins. Well, I'm glad to be of service, I'm sure. What about Miss Pertree? No, I just need a few more days. Which she doesn't have! So as usual, I'll just have to deal with it myself. Oh, goodness! You startled me. I'm impressed. It's everything you said it would be. It's not even nearly finished. Art is never finished, merely abandoned. On which subject, I'm hereto say goodbye. You're leaving? I've written my story. There's nothing like a deadline to sharpen the mind. Speaking of which, when is your wedding? We haven't set a date yet. I must say I'm surprised you would give this all up after you've worked so hard for it. If you met Victor, you might think differently. I've been down the aisle twice. Both times, it was my dream come true. Victor is offering me a home and a family, which is all I've ever wanted. And yet here you are, alone and hard at work. Do you think it's wrong to choose love over a career? (laughs) My dear, it doesn't matter a jot what I think. I've finished my story, and it's a good one. The shop girl who shines like the stars. Thank you, ladies, I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you, Miss Day. Well, I always thought the cuckoo didn't need to build its own nest. If that's meant to be cutting, you'll have to do better. I was simply helping Harry with some store promotion. I know what you said to Rose Selfridge today. Rose is a dear friend. I was simply trying to give her some… good advice. To leave town so that you can steal her husband? What an utterly ludicrous suggestion. Is it? Oh, Delphine, I've met so many women like you before: the ones who'll do anything for the lead role or the solo while all the time pretending to be your best friend. It might fool Rose, but it certainly doesn't fool me. Please don't compare me to your music hall trollops. Who the hell are you to lecture me? I've read the papers, Mae. What are you without Loxley's money? You're just some disgraced divorcée without two pennies to your name. Oh, you might have Selfridge's ear today, but how long do you think they're going to stand by you when Loxley starts dragging your name through the dirt? I'll take my chance. Because unlike you, I know who my real friends are. And we disgraced divorcées, you know, we do have one advantage: absolutely nothing to lose. So here's your choice: leave town, or I'll tell Rose exactly what you're up to. This isn't quite what I was expecting. It's what I promised: 2,000 words, no puff pieces. "With her combination of gritty determination and cool elegance, Miss Agnes Towler is Selfridge's new rising star." You found her, you trained her. But I thought Delphine's promotion would be of more interest to you. By making your staff part of the store, you've transformed their lives. You want to appeal to real women? Let them read this and see what you stand for. You don't need to dazzle them, Harry. Just hold up a mirror and let them see themselves. The tap is fixed. Wonderful. Thank you, Florian. Is something wrong? No, no, nothing. I have a slight headache. I fact, I think I should go to bed. Good night, Agnes. Good night. Good night. (knocking) See, Aggie? I always keep my promises. I thought I'd lost you! Bullet took me in the shoulder. Doctor said another few inches, I would have been six feet under. The hospital sounds awful. No. Not too pretty. Engaged! I can't leave you for a minute! Our own little restaurant, me and Victor. If we're to be married, we've got to look to the future. Funny. I thought you had yours all figured out. Well, I fell in love, George. You can't plan for that. True enough. As long as Mr. Colleano promises to keep you in the style you've become accustomed. (laughs) Goodness, that went down quickly! Another egg, George? You've twisted my arm. Have you seen this article on Miss Towler? Say what you will about Winifred, but she knows how to tug at the heartstrings. (door slams) FRASER: I must insist, sir! LOXLEY: Where is she? You can't come in here like that! I demand to see my wife! I'm so sorry, Mr. Selfridge! What on earth is going on here? It's none of your business, Selfridge. I'm here for Mae. I've had enough of this nonsense. You're coming home with me now. Mae is our guest, and she will remain here until she chooses to leave. Do you think Frank Edwards scares me? Miles Edgerton knows which side his bread is buttered on. Who do you think he came running to the minute Edwards accosted him? Old school tie, Mae. Never underestimate it. Now, come on! Stop there, Loxley. Step aside, Selfridge. This has nothing to do with you. What are you going to do about it? Hit me the way you hit her? If you want to take me on, we can do it right here. And believe me, there is nothing in the world I want more than to smash your smug little face into the middle of next week! So what's it going to be? I will drag you through the courts. I will make sure my lawyers rake through the details of every half-remembered adulterous afternoon. Believe me, Mae, by the time I've finished with you, you will wish you were dead and buried. GRACE: Can you believe it? That bit there… (laughing) How are we this morning, ladies? Look, Miss Hawkins! The article is all about Miss Towler! "The Star of Selfridge's." Well, I never. Quick, Jessie, come with me! There's a certain person who needs to see this. Who is it? Just wait and see. Thank you, Harry. But he won't be satisfied now until he's completely destroyed both of us. I can help you. And so can Frank Edwards. Please, we have to stop him together. Frank's been trying to contact me. I'll call him and we'll set up a meeting. Now I have to get to the store. Oh, of course. Harry, um… You've done so much for me, and I really want to return the favor. I know you've been working with Delphine Day. She's been acting as an advisor. Yes. Please don't trust her. She's out to destroy everything that you and Rose have. Not one single mention of fashion. It's a disgrace. But the article itself, Mr. Thackeray! A tour de force! One could hardly have asked for better publicity. Good morning, everyone. I'm sure you've read Mrs. Black's article. Please join me in a round of applause for Miss Agnes Towler. (applause) And I'm sure you all have heard that George Towler has returned home safe. Our prayers have been answered: a family reunited. And on that note, I believe that Mr. Grove has some news for us. Come on up here, Mr. Grove. Thank you, Chief. I, um… Well, Doris… Uh, Mrs. Grove and I have had our fourth baby, a healthy baby boy. I have a son. Congratulations, Roger. (all offering congratulations) Merci, Henri. Oh, I Say! Told him straight, she did. Showed my dad the paper and said what a wonderful opportunity I'd be passing up. No! (laughing with delight) $0 you'll stay! Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Goodbye. Miss Mardle. You have my congratulations, Mr. Grove. I know you always dreamed of having a son. Thank you. Please pass on my best wishes to Mrs. Grove. "The girl who rose from humble and difficult beginnings "to mastermind and create "the most wondrous visual displays in the most prestigious department store in the world." I feel like I should be asking for your autograph, not your hand in marriage. Stop it! It's just an article. She could have chosen anyone. But she chose you. Can't say I blame her. You deserve it. I'm proud of you. How's your George shaping up? Like he's never been away! He's eating Miss Mardle out of house and home. I've been thinking. If George really has to go back, maybe we should use him while we still have him. I mean, I am going to need a best man. Oh! Uh, get married now? Why not? We can organize it in a few days. The family are all here with George here. There's nothing to stop us. No. What do you say? In a fortnight's time, you could be Mrs. Colleano. SELFRIDGE: Nothing to fear. I'm sure Delphine will have the Palm Court crammed by now. MR. CRABB: I wish I shared your confidence, Mr. Selfridge. I do find rampant innovation a little trying. Remember The Summer House, Mr. Crabb? She proved you wrong then. Indeed, and I'm sure she will again. Huh… Harry. Uh… Hmm… I can make the Spirit of Delphine's work. I just need you to give me a little bit more time. Perhaps if we put our heads together on this? We make such a good team. No, my instinct is we need a new strategy. Rose said as much. I should have listened to her. What do you mean? Her instincts are that in these times, we need to keep it simple. I think what you need right now is me. Why is that? Because I understand you, Harry. I know what drives you. Which is why I think in your heart of hearts… you know we belong together. I don't have feelings for you, Delphine. I love my wife. I've made mistakes in the past. I've failed her many times. If you really want to know what drives me, it's Rose. Everything I've ever done-- this store, every brick, every counter-- it's all been for her. One day, I hope you find someone who feels the same about you. But I'm not that man. Goodbye, Delphine. I doubt our paths will cross again. (door closes) You look tired. I've had quite a day. Kiss me. Any particular reason? Because I'm in love with you. Is that good enough? I can't think of a better one. (young women giggling) No! I'm afraid so. (laughing) There they are! Come here! Good to see you! Come here, Bea! Ma! Come here, family. (all laughing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 