Ink Master: Season 13, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ink Master 
 s13e1 - Rep Your Region - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ink Master (2012–…): Season 13, Episode 1 - Rep Your Region - full transcript 
 Teams built with artists from the country's four regions, West, South, Midwest and East arrive to battle. Only the strongest artist will survive the turf war earning a one hundred thousand dollar prize and the title of Ink Master. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ouncer: This season  on "Ink Master," Teams built with artists from the country's  four regions will go to battle. - The turf war  starts right now. narrator: West... - The west is crushing it  right now. The other teams know that  we're good at tattooing. narrator: South... - I gotta have you  as mentally strong as possible. We gotta represent the south. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 narrator: Midwest... - We are the Midwest,  and as far as I'm concerned, [bleep] the rest. narrator: And east... - Nobody's paying attention  to the east right now. We're gonna come out  of nowhere. - I'd rather be underestimated. narrator:  They'll fight to prove which turf reigns supreme. - I follow what my team told me. - Is a team gonna win  this competition? - No one seems  to [bleep] listen. - I listened to you today!  - No, you-- narrator: And only the  strongest artist will survive. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - There's no way around it. You're probably getting  knocked out. - I 100% disagree. - You can.  - And that's your right. - But when the competition  gets tight, it's gonna get messy. I mean,  we ain't even started yet. narrator:  Earning a $100,000 prize... - The second you think you know what's happening  on "Ink Master," you don't know anything at all. narrator:  And the title of Ink Master. [dramatic music] [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ - Welcome to New York City. [cheers and applause] Since 1886,  the Statue of Liberty has welcomed immigrants  to this country from all across the world. She stands  as a symbol of hope, freedom,  and the American dream. - America, baby. - And all of you come here  with one dream in mind, and that's to win $100,000,  a feature in "Inked Magazine," and the title of Ink Master. - Yeah.  - Whoo! - Let's go. - However, you will not  be able to do this alone. - What? - You will form four teams based solely on what region  of the country you call home. - What?  [all speaking at once] - West.  - Where my west siders at? - West side! - People from the West Coast--  they're hustlers. They have to be  just to survive out there. I know that they're gonna  have the drive it takes to get to the end. We got it.  - Midwest. - Hell, yeah, all right.  - [bleep]. - Yeah, Midwest! I love my Midwestern people. There's friendly faces,  easy smiles, Midwest work ethic. It's gonna be a lot better  than I thought. - South.  - Whoo, dirty south! - Y'all better watch out. Everyone thinks  that most people from the south are dumb hillbillies,  but it's not true. I'm an artistic hillbilly.  [laughs] - And east.  [all cheering] - Home turf.  - That's right! All right, well,  the [bleep] East Coast team better be pretty strong 'cause  I know we don't take shit on this side of the country. - You are on a team.  You will have to work together. - I play the other side.  Only one of you can win. - Mm-hmm.  - Who's it gonna be? - All right, let's see what you guys are made of. - There's one returning artist  on each team. Take advantage  of the knowledge they have just from being  in this competition before. Just getting used  to this environment is the biggest learning curve  that you need to tackle right off the bat.  - I got you guys. - And the turf war  starts right now. - Man. - Because we are moving  directly into your first elimination tattoo. - What?  - Shit. - Today you must each tattoo  whatever state it is that you call home.  - Oh. - This is gonna be rough.  I hate state tattoos. - Now, your tattoos  must include the shape of your state, but everything else  is completely up to you. - I hope no one has Maryland. - Maryland is  a crazy-shaped state. This competition  is killing me already. - You'll have six hours, and you can tattoo  in any style. - Get ready. - Your canvases  are completely open and have been  randomly assigned. There is one more thing  you should know. - Yeah, always something. - No matter  where you came from, your tattoos must  speak for themselves because these tattoos  will be judged blind. - Oh, what?  [all speaking at once] - It's great that  it's blind critiques. I mean, there are  four returning artists, and this way,  it shows the rest of the room that there's  no playing favorites. It shows you  how brutally honest that this competition can be. - Fail to impress us,  and you will be eliminated. - Not me.  - Good luck. - All right, let's go. East coast?  - Yeah, East Coast. - Where you from?  - Uh, New York. - Yeah!  Look at that right there. - Yeah. - You should use that  in your reference. ¶ ¶ - Yes!  Oh, my God! - Damn, this is dope!  - East coast! - Daddy's home.  - East, east, east side. - We've got 20 artists  divvying up into four teams... - West side! - Based on different regions  of the country. - Dirty south.  - We're about to represent. That's what I'm saying  right here. - Grouping people  according to their region... - West coast!  - Yeah, dude. - Yeah.  - Let's win this, guys. - They are gonna have  at least a common goal of, "We're from this part  of the country. "We want to show  the rest of the world that we know what we're doing." - Midwest, baby!  Whoo! - I'm ready. Let's kick their ass  and their ass and their ass. Midwest for life!  - That works. ¶ ¶ - I'm your human canvas, Chris.  - Hi, how's it going? - Pleased to meet you.  - Nice to meet you, man. - It's a Florida tat. For sure. - It's gonna represent California. - Hey, I know you're busy.  Really quick. - This isn't my first time  in this competition. What if you do the state inside the big crab shell? So there's a shit ton  of pressure on me. The judges are gonna  expect a lot from me. They know what my work  looks like. They know what I'm capable of. Last time, I had to fight  to get on a team. This is not the time  for a repeat. - I'm gonna draw, like,  some background. - Dude, they hate backgrounds. My team's also  relying on me too. - Tell me what  I should do different. - I'm being pulled  in all sorts of directions. Tilt it. - All right, artists, you have six hours to tattoo your state, and your time starts now. - All right, let's go.  All right. - Let's do this, man.  - Let's do it. - Oh, yeah.  - Let's have some fun. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machines buzzing] ¶ ¶ - I used to always want  the outline of New Jersey, like, on my hip when I was,  like, a thin teen girl. There's so much pressure  from the outside world. You have to look like this.  You have to speak like this. Like, no, dude.  I'm unapologetically here. I'm a plus-sized woman  and I'm curvy as [bleep] and I'm ready. We're gonna knock this  out the park. You do not want to mess  with this queen. ¶ ¶ - How you doing, man?  - I'm chilling. - That hand looks smooth.  - Appreciate it, bro. I'm gonna die with a tattoo  machine in my hand, you know? I was in a low point-- just constantly  in and out of trouble. Found a career of passion  that's gonna last me the rest of my life. Tattoo artists say it  all the time. Like, "It saved my life,"  but it saved my life. - All right, guys. Four hours remaining. This is four hours. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machines buzzing] - Do you need any sandpaper  to, like, take it off? I have some.  - Why would I listen to you? Get back to work. Check out your team. - They're doing good.  Don't worry. - She's not even on the East Coast, huh? - No, she's West Coast.  - That's [bleep] up. Invading our space, man. - She's always invading my space. - [chuckles]  - Everywhere I go. I turn around.  There's Angel. - I could draw  before I could write. I was always drawing. Last time I was  in this competition, I had a lot to prove  just to myself that, you know,  I was a good tattooer and I could stand with giants. I went to film school  for a couple of years and I had already  started tattooing and I kinda realized  at that point that I was probably  born to do this. I think everybody else  should watch out. ¶ ¶ - Originally from Cuba. Since then, man,  tattooing full time. When I came to this country  six years ago, I had zero English, and I still  was asking for a job shop by shop with some people  translating for me. - What's Cuba like? - Shops are not even legal. I had to overcome the struggle  and I'm here now. We're gonna take it all home. [rock music] - What made you get  into tattooing? - I didn't want  to be a dentist. - [laughs] - My folks really  pushed academics so I decided  to pursue dentistry. Two years in and I was like,  "This shit is not for me." I'm an artist to the core, and art was what I gravitated  towards for myself. It was what made me happy. - Oh, man. You're killing it. - I feel like black and grey,  I just get more done in a day. - We're gonna do great as a team. - Uh, I like that. ¶ ¶ - I feel like I'm the only one  over here doing color. I guess I've got my work  cut out for me. I'm gonna do something creative  with the state instead of confining. - I love the cuts in the wood. That's really cool. - Thanks.  I think it's sick. I mean, I'm from Oregon, so--  [laughs] I kind of am like  a tool monkey. I do it all. I like to think  outside the box. I like to think about  what other people aren't going to be thinking  of because I know that's gonna set me apart  from everybody else here. ¶ ¶ - Three more hours.  Three hours left. ¶ ¶ - Like, you think you know  what you're talking about and what you're doing  until you're put to the test day in and day out. I kinda made me so much  of a better tattooer, and you put up or you shut up. And I'm not that good  at shutting up. I play this game  with integrity. I just choose not  to be a dick, you know, as a daily life goal. Just don't be a dick. The biggest thing is just,  you know, trusting in who you are  and what you know you bring to the table. From there, you just get  in there and you fight. ¶ ¶ - I should be a considered  a threat in this competition because I know how  to get along with people. I can use that  to my advantage. I have three step kids-- four of my own. Seven total.  - Oh, wow. - Don't feel like  just because I'm nice that I won't take you down  if I have to, 'cause I will. This isn't a [bleep] game. It's a competition.  I'm here to win. I'm literally gonna  get somebody eliminated with a square. That's the goal here. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machines buzzing] - I definitely  bend toward the weird. The blanket term that I use  for my style is magic shit. It would be like if a wizard  had a discount store, like, the things  that you would find in it-- I don't know.  I like weird things. - The odd, weird things. Yes, yes. - Yeah. Most people on the coast  tend to think of the middle country  as boring or simple, but we are anything but. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machines buzzing]  - So when somebody asks you, "What's the most random tattoo you have," what are you gonna say?  - I have a potato. - I have a potato. I got into tattooing  when I was 17. My family,  they were like, "What the [bleep]  is she doing? Like, go to college." But I've become  the reliable one because I'm very goal-oriented. Like, I know what I want  and I'm gonna do it. Well, if this doesn't  make people smile, then I will boycott potatoes forever. ¶ ¶ - This is it, guys.  Two more hours. ¶ ¶ - That looks really good.  - Thank you. - I like it. - They like to see a lot of black. The second time coming back  is gonna be a lot better for me because I understand  how to play the game and that's a huge part  of this competition. - It's a good thing I didn't do oil derricks. - Yeah, we've got--we've got these bitches everywhere. - Well, hope you lose,  but it's a great tattoo. - Thanks, man. I've always been  a sarcastic prick, so this competition  just makes sense for me. I know how to play  mental games and I enjoy doing them. What state is that?  'Cause I don't know. I have to find out what bugs  each individual artist and I have to just  keep pushing their buttons. - That's coming together  pretty nice. - Yeah, I'm gonna put a bunch of white highlight  up in here, too. - Oh, don't do it! - Why?  - You know they hate white. I wouldn't do it.  - They hate white? - They hate white. I'm telling you. - Yeah, the last thing I'm  gonna do is listen to that guy. Watch me put my white in here. ¶ ¶ - [chuckles] [tense music] [tattoo machines buzzing] ¶ ¶ - All right, guys,  this is your final hour. One hour left. ¶ ¶ - Okay.  - You good? - We're gonna make it through.  - Okay. - I'm freaking out.  You know who's from Texas? Oliver and Jason. - You decided to do pink here?  - Does it look pink? - Definitely hot pink.  - That's not hot pink. - I'm saying it's close  to hot--it's close to hot pink. - I'm experiencing  extreme anxiety. It's hard to breathe,  much less tattoo. He told me it was hot pink. The bottle says red. - It's red.  - I was like, "Okay, bro." Well, whatever. I've had to push through  adversity my entire life. I do not give up easily. If I can be a single mom  and an entrepreneur, I can do anything. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machines buzzing] - Okay.  - I'm sorry. I think I'm starting  to twitch a little bit. - I have zero problem with you. You probably have more problems with me than I have with you.  - [laughing] - I'm from the south  so, you know, I throw a little spice in it  here and there just to shake things up, 'cause I would hate  for my work to get confused with anybody else,  and you know it's only one person.  That's Money. I'm always coming through  for you. ¶ ¶ - I'm gonna win  this competition. I'm, like,  the most competitive person. You know, is it a race?  I'm gonna finish first. I dropped out of school, I have no high school diploma.  No GED. I've made a name for myself on  just hard work and dedication. People either  love me or hate me but at the end of the day,  they're gonna know who I am. Yeehaw! - You're not gonna be a  team player and scream yeehaw? - I'm not screaming yeehaw. There's no [bleep] way. There's a couple trash talkers  on my team, but they can back it up,  especially Jason, and I feel that's gonna  be an advantage to our team. Man, I've been watching this  competition since day one before I even had facial hair. I was a little baby Jordie. I'm so excited. The mint green is gonna bring it out so much. If I [bleep] this up, I'm gonna get sent home  on the first day, and that's the one thing  I don't wanna do. I wanna show that Miami--  we know how to tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Five, four, three, two, one. That is it. Machines down. No more ink. - Just lay back and relax. - All righty.  That is it. You got yourself  a New York City tat. [tense music] - Hey, do me a favor.  - Yes? - Help me with geography  'cause I'm really bad at it. - Okay, what you got? - Okay, so we got east.  - Yep. - West.  - Yep. - South.  - Yep. - And mediocre.  - Medioc--no. - Are you trying to put that on the map? 'Cause I looked and I didn't see it. - I appreciate  that you're here, but I'm gonna appreciate  more when you're not. - Oh! - All right, artists, hopefully, your first tattoo  was enough to prove that you deserve to be here. Let's head back to the shop for the blind critique. [all cheering]  - Yeah! ¶ ¶ [grungy rock music] ¶ ¶ - Oh, wow.  - Oh, shit! - [shouting]  - South! - Talking about right here.  - Definitely feeling this. - Midwest.  - Oh, my God. It's beautiful.  - Look at this station. - East Coast in the building, bro. - Check it out.  - Dominate. - Gold coast, baby.  - You guys ready? - All right, guys, let's get  into these blind critiques. - It's happening.  [overlapping chatter] - Oh, shit, let's go.  Let's get in. - Hell, yeah.  - Bam. - Oh, man.  - Screens of doom. - Time for  the blind critiques. These guys had  to tattoo their states. Let's bring up  the first tattoo. California.  - Oh, that's mine. - Instantly recognizable. - Just the way the palm tree  closest to us is a black silhouette, and the palm trees going off  in the distance get lighter, that's a hard trick  to pull off. - This artist shows a lot of  promise for what's to come. - Cool.  - Nailed it. - Let's bring up the next one.  - Oh, that's mine. - I don't recognize the state.  Do you? - Nobody knows  what Oregon looks like. - Oregon.  - It could be Oregon. - This is a really  great design. The wood grain  and the textures really speaks  to the artist's ability. - Cool.  - Next up. - Oh, shit.  - California. - It's very legible--  big, bold outline, but if you zoom in  to the bridge... - Yeah.  - Yowza. It's not the definition of tight and clean detail at all. - Let's look at the next one. - Ah.  - Nevada. - Oh, shit.  Here we go. - The actual quality  of tattooing in this thing is nice. - That highlight  down the center of the closest cone to us  is done with meticulous care. - It's gorgeous.  - I appreciate it. - Next tattoo.  Another black and gray. - All right, California. - It's mine. - The drawing is not bad, but the technical application  is really one of the worst ones of the day. - And at the right side  of that palm tree up there  is a big blue blowout. - I strongly disagree  with all of that. - You can disagree  all you want, but fact of the matter is  they're telling you how to win. - Let's have a look  at the next one. - Mm-hmm. - That's me. - Oklahoma is "OK." - I think it's really  beautifully laid out. - The black is as dark  as the outline so it looks super clean. - [bleep]. [laughing] Dude! - Let's have a look  at the next tattoo. - Idaho. - Oh, my God.  That's mine. - The pancake itself-- - It's a potato.  - Potato. - It's a potato?  - Oh! - Idaho's not really  known for pancakes. - Yes, it's a potato. - I literally thought  that was a pancake. - [bleep] me. - I really like  the rich black in this tattoo. What I don't like  is all the white. - I mean,  I advised her not to do it. - Let's bring up  the next tattoo. - All right, here we go. - Would never guess that that was even  supposed to be a state. - I would say Colorado, but it's very difficult  to tell. - It's just a little bit  of a weird gray square around a horse and then,  "Oh, I got an idea. "I'm just gonna put five  random leaves at the bottom and it'll all tie together." - That was brutal, man.  - Yeah, that was rough. - Let's take a look  at the next tattoo. ¶ ¶ Way more recognizable  as Colorado. - Looks very smooth and I like  the black and gray shading, but the actual details  in the mountains-- I don't get the idea of this  big, huge mountain range. I just get a couple  little small hills here. - Those do not  look like mountains. That is a freaking ocean scene.  - What are you talking about? - I can see a sky in there.  - No. - Let's have a look  at the next one. - Deep dish.  - It's a deep dish in Illinois. - The sauce looks like  it could be a garment. The oozing cheese--  it's just yellow drips. You gotta make things  look like what they are. ¶ ¶ - Let's bring up the next one. North Carolina.  - Here we are. - This one has a lot of really  chalky look to it because none of the colors  saturated. In a competition setting, none of this tattooing  is gonna cut it. - Damn. - Moving along. - Here we go. - Louisiana. They made everything in the  tattoo out of four colors, so it's strange. That shape of the state  gets lost. - Moving on. Texas. - My fellow statesman  letting me down. - What have I done? - I think those are supposed  to be bluebonnets but it kinda looks more like  cauliflower or something, and it's weird 'cause  the star would be white. I don't know why they're  putting blue in the star. It's strange. - It's not the worst  in the room. - Next tattoo. - Flo-rida.  - Okay, here we go. - Definitely have no clue  what's going on with the little thing down  at the bottom. - I'll be addressing the Cuban  section of the tattoo. [all laughing] - That's a little Cuban coffee  in the bottom, but the outline around the cup  is so wobbly. The simplest parts  of the tattoo are the parts that really  need to be hit home. - I mean, as long as Chris said  it was a Cuban coffee. He knew it right off the bat,  so I'll take that. - Let's take a look  at the next tattoo. - Texas.  - Texas. - Oh, there we go.  Oli, talk to me. - Well, there's some  of the shape of Texas, wild take on anatomy  of the rose, and this one petal that's  over the top of the state overtakes the shape  of the state. - And, man,  that little haze color that's not solid  to the outline-- I think the name of that color  is light bruise. - Damn.  That hurt. - That's not what I thought  you were gonna do for-- - I did simple. - Moving along. - Oh, here we go. - Is there a shape  of a state in there? - It's Massachusetts.  - Oh, Mass. - I do see it now. - Design-wise,  it's a little weird, but the black  that's in the sails, it's solid,  it whips out, it's all consistent. Best done black that  we've seen today for black. - That tattoo kind of  makes me a little nervous about traditional ink. - We'll see if we get one. - And next tattoo. - Oh, [bleep]. - Oh, that's the garden state  right there. - That's right.  - The black outline is black. It is deliberate. I like the fade on the bottom  of the tomatoes. Solid black to solid color.  - Super nice. - Good job.  - Thank you. - Next.  The blue crab of Maryland. - There we go.  It's mine. - This one has  a lot of problems. You have color that overruns  the black outline and then you have the outline  where the black doesn't push up  to the outline. All these shades have landed  on top of each other, blend in brown  and blue and green, and just overworked  the death out of it. - It looks like a crab got run over by a tire. - I need you to chill.  Where are you from again? The west?  Come on, son. - We are from the west.  - Wait. Wait a minute.  - Leave us out of this. - Well--  - We do good tattoos over here. - That's the south.  [all laughing] - Next up.  Massachusetts. - Color.  Blending is really rough. Nothing looks saturated.  A lot of outline problems. - I'm gonna say that  this goes beyond jitters. - [exhales sharply] - Let's look at the next one.  New York. Lady Liberty. I like the concept  and obviously, I like how this  fills the space. - The outlines just look like  they were done in a bumpy car. Jacked. - You know what makes me really  happy about this tattoo? That lets me know now  that you are no competitor in this competition.  - I wouldn't say that. I mean,  this is the first round. - It is the first round. If it was the draft pick,  his ass would get left at home. - Well, that's it.  20 tattoos. Let's rank these things  and see where the chips fall. - All right. - Jason, you talk  a lot of shit. - I--I said from the beginning  that I was gonna do a Mid tattoo,  and that's exactly what I did. - Why the [bleep] are you gonna come in here and do a mid-tattoo, though? - You play the game the way  you wanna play the game. I'll play the game the way  I wanna play the game. - You're a sneaky [bleep]. [tense music] - Your color's jacked up. There's no way around it. - I'm gonna have  an anxiety attack. - We ain't even started yet. - I actually wanted  to say something before we move forward.  - No, don't do it. ¶ ¶ - Today you had  to tattoo your state, and based only on your work, each of your tattoos have been  ranked by the judges. - [exhales sharply] - One by one the top 12 artists  will be revealed. - I actually wanted  to say something before we move forward. - Okay, go ahead, bud. - I'm actually bowing out  of the competition. ¶ ¶ - Oh.  - What do you mean? - Why? - I mean, we haven't  even started yet. - Yeah, I know, dude. - You can't run away  from the things that make you uncomfortable  because your biggest moment of growth is gonna be  in the moment that you think you can't make it,  so make it. Don't quit. - I just don't wanna crank out  any more tattoos that I'm not happy with, so--  - Dude, you can do this, dude. - You're looking at it as,  "I may [bleep] this up again." Why not look at it as,  "I may crush it"? - Just give it a chance, bro. Please don't turn your back  on us, dude. - I'm good with my decision.  - Let him go. Let him go. - [bleep]. - If you wanna excuse yourself,  you're welcome to. ¶ ¶ - I'll see you guys around, dude. [bleep] crush it. - Let's make a pact. No one else is quitting. - No. - You guys are all here to show who you are. This is all about your will, your drive. That's it. Stand strong. - Yeah. - Let's move on and focus on what we came here to do. - Yeah.  - Let's do it. - I'm gonna have an anxiety  attack in this bitch. - One by one, the top 12 artists  will be revealed. - Okay. - If you made it into  the top 12, you are safe from elimination. - [bleep] yeah. - Shit, all right.  - Fingers crossed. - [exhales slowly]  I'm so nervous. - Let's reveal the number one  ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - [whistles]  - Yeah, Angel. - Angel, congratulations.  - Thank you. - Way to come back  and just own it. - Thank you. - Angel, please go ahead  and have a seat. - [exhales sharply] - Let's bring up the second ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - [chuckles]  [applause] - From the Midwest, Frank. - I'm glad to see you sitting in the second spot. - I'm stoked on it, man.  - Please have a seat. Let's have a look  at the third ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Yeah, Jessa! - All right, win for the east. Please have a seat  next to Frank. Let's move on to  the number four ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Yeah, there we go.  There we go. - All right, Hiram. Las Vegas, Nevada. You are safe.  - Thank you very much. - Let's bring up the number five ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Hell, yeah.  - Bob. - Bob.  - Bob, congratulations. West coaster.  - [exhales sharply] - The sixth-ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - [exhales] - Yay! - Jimmy, congratulations.  - [laughs] - Please have a seat. Let's bring up  the seventh-ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Wow.  - Jordan, congratulations-- the Midwest once again. Let's move on  to the eighth ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - West side.  - Raul, California. Congratulations. Please have a seat. Let's see the ninth-ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - [exhales sharply] - Jordan, great state of Florida. Congratulations. You're safe from elimination. Let's see who came in  with the tenth-ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Oh.  - Colorado. Jerrel, congratulations.  Please have a seat. Let's take a look at the 11th-ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - [exhales] - From the Midwest,  Kelly, congratulations. All right, we have 11 artists  sitting comfortably and safe. We have eight artists  standing before us. One spot remains for safety. Let's bring up the 12th-ranked tattoo. ¶ ¶ - Shit, yeah! [clapping] - Just squeaked by. Money Mike. - My heart beating fast  as hell, man. I'm just happy to be down here. - Congratulations. Please have a seat. And that means that all  12 spots for safety are full. - There's people sitting there  that have blowouts, that have [bleep] up line work,  that have poor saturation. I didn't leave my kids  and come up here to make an ass of myself  and have other people do mistakes when I didn't and sit down here  at the bottom. - Well, let's see your tattoo.  - Go for it. That's not jacked up. - My man,  your color's jacked up. There's no way around it.  - I 100% disagree. - You can.  - And that's your right. - Look at the Parkway tattoo  and look at your tattoo. There's a vast divide  in how the color's put in. - It's one solid shade of red  where I went in and actually add texture  and different colors. - Listen, the point is  that your bird could look like this tomato  if it was applied different. - Clean and solid  versus scratchy and weak. - All right, your opinion. - You did a tattoo  that's actually prettier than some of the ones  sitting down, but it's not  technically as solid. That is your fault.  Not mine. - I like that you have passion  and you love this tattoo. - Yeah, I'd much rather  hear you fight back than see you quit. - Man, I'm gonna be honest,  man. It's an emotional  roller coaster for me, but, uh, I promise you  this ain't over. I came out here  to go to the end. Y'all will have  to drag me out of here with [bleep] chains  before I leave. - Good.  - Then let's move forward, man. Congratulations to the top 12 artists. You are all safe from elimination. - Happy to hear that. - The rest of you will have one final chance to save yourself. Tomorrow, all seven of you must face off tattooing patriotic tattoos. You'll have six hours to tattoo and your canvases are completely open. - [bleep] yes. - The style and design elements  of these patriotic tattoos are completely up to you. - All right.  - You got a brand new start. Leave us no questions. Let your artwork  speak for itself. - This is your last chance to prove that you deserve to be here to fight for the title. Good luck. ¶ ¶ - I don't want help  from anyone here. - Then you're gonna [bleep]  go down quick. - I wanna show everyone  who they're [bleep] with. - I see things  going south from here. ock music] ¶ ¶ - That's badass, man.  - Solid, simple. - My mentality on this  is leave no man behind. I'm definitely gonna  do whatever I can to help my team  get that safe spot. I looked around the room  and a lot of people are going really big,  kinda complicated, kinda wonky. - We just gotta knock them off  one by one. - You just gotta make sure  it's the best tattoo you've ever done.  No pressure. - Yeah, right?  [all laughing] [rock music] ¶ ¶ - All right, artists, this is your last chance  to avoid elimination. You have six hours  to do a patriotic tattoo, and your time starts now. - Yeah, all right.  Let's do it, dude. - For the face-off, the bottom-ranked artists all  have to do patriotic tattoos, but other than that,  whatever style, whatever imagery--  it's wide open. - Bam. - We need this to come out... ¶ Perfect ¶ - Knowing that you're in the  bottom is definitely a blow. These artists have  to shake that off and just do what they do. If you can't adapt, you're probably not gonna  make it very far. - Team East side.  - That's right. - I think they're gonna kill this. - I think so, too.  - Yeah. - I think they're prepared and they got their  team behind them. - Get it, get it, get it,  get it, get it! - [bleep] yeah.  - Come on! - All right.  - [grunts] - Jake is number one! - Nothing says America  like a bald [bleep] eagle. Bold will hold, [bleep]. I've been tattooing  a long time--14 years. I've had a lot of people  tell me that, "You'll never amount  to anything." I can do everything  that you say I can't. I'm good at what I do.  That's why I'm [bleep] here. Whoo! - Jake is far too good  to be sitting there right now. - Yes. - Blow everything  out of the water. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machine buzzing]  - Careful with those lines. Don't go too deep.  - Yeah. I'm kind of over the team thing  at this point. I've been tattooing  for 12 years. I don't need anybody  micromanaging me. You know, it's like telling the adult in the room  what to do. Bitch, I know what to do. - Just make sure that line's there where it needs to be and then if you gotta shade over it, you gotta shade over it but--  - Wow. - I don't like to pull the line all the way up because I know I'm gonna just fill it with black. - If you don't wanna listen  you don't have to, but... - We know you're [bleep] good.  We get it. Keep wearing the same  [bleep]-sized hat. Don't get [bleep] big-headed. [tense music] - You bit off a big one today. - I'm gonna show everyone  who they're [bleep] with. I love doing  patriotic tattoos. I'm gonna come out with a big, bold Patrick [bleep] Flynn  tattoo, and I'm gonna  secure that spot, because I know  I'm a better artist than half the people  in this room. - Four hours to go.  Four more hours to go, guys. ¶ ¶ - I've never tattooed  a bell before or anything that was supposed  to have a reflective surface and a wood grain  at the same time. - How you gonna change up, like, the metals and the woods on the top?  - Emulating wood is easy. It's getting something to look  shiny and round that's hard. I have a chance  to redeem myself. If they think  I'm gonna back down 'cause I don't have  the most experience, they have another thing coming. ¶ ¶ - We have over half the south  team in the bottom now. It's embarrassing. I went to the bottom but  not 'cause I did a bad tattoo. I just kinda went  a little safe on it. I did come into  this competition running my mouth a lot. That doesn't mean  I'm gonna stop, but this tattoo-- it has to match the level  of shit that I've been talking. - How big is that  [bleep] tattoo? - That's huge.  - My God. - More to judge, more to [bleep] up. - I see things going south  from here. - I'm goddamned tickled pink. ¶ ¶ - Two more hours.  Two more hours. ¶ ¶ - Let's give her some space. She needs a minute. All right? We're good with that, right? - Yeah.  - They're my bouncers. Am I nervous about anything  in this competition? Um... - She just needs a little bit of space. - All right.  - All right? - Yeah, I'm nervous  about all of it. - Come on, come on. Let's go over here. - Especially nervous  of just, like, [bleep] up a tattoo,  like, big time. - I got you, girl.  - Yeah, you do. Thanks, Jimmy. I do mostly black work.  It's what I love to do, but in the last tattoo, I decide to do it in color. I don't know why. - It looks good.  - Okay. Don't tell me it does,  if it doesn't. - I won't.  Daddy does not lie. ¶ ¶ - I went with an American  traditional tattoo because it's patriotic. - If you see anything  that can use cleaning up and you feel confident that you can hit it without causing trauma, then do it. - I am a team player  and Jimmy Quarterback-- he gave me a play,  and I ran with it. - Teamwork makes the dream work. - Makes the dream work.  That's right. - Damn. I started tattooing  to keep me out of trouble. When you come from  where I come from, not a lot of people get here. I'm not going home.  Not today. Yeah, the Emac attack.  - The Emac attack. You know it. You feel it.  You're doing it. ¶ ¶ - Five, four, three, two, one. Time is up.  Machines down. No more ink. - Oh, I just got done. - Damn, dude.  That's awesome. - Whew, man.  - You killed it. - Yeah.  - That's badass. - Good enough to keep me  from the bottom? - Oh, I would imagine that's good enough to shoot you up to the top. - The second you think you know what's happening  on "Ink Master," you don't know anything at all. - I think everyone  got really scared today when they seen  what I pulled out. - I wouldn't go that far. - I picked up  and kicked everyone's ass. - Well, he's thinking about himself. You know, he said,  "He kicked everyone's ass." - That's a team player. - Is a team gonna win  this competition? There's one person that stands  on that [bleep] stage and it's them that collects  that [bleep] money and them that has that title. - You're just putting a big  target on your back, dude. You're gonna be a lone wolf, you're not gonna have help  from anybody, and you're gonna [bleep]  go down quick. usic] ¶ ¶ - Today you had to face off  for your survival creating patriotic tattoos. Based solely on your work, one of you will be packing  your machines. Let's begin with the Midwest. Jake, you're up. ¶ ¶ - Hello, judges.  - I like this drawing. Your outline is clean  and your blends in this-- really, really nice. Night and day difference from  what you did the other day. - Thank you. - East, you're next. K, let's start with you. - All right. It's a very simple,  clean design-- just in-your-face  political statement. - It's a tough-looking tattoo, and the layout  and the statement also holds power within itself. - Thank you. - Emac, you're next. ¶ ¶ - Simple and clean. The area  that's filled-in black seems very solid black, but literally,  this is one-hour max tattoo. You're gonna have to be able  to pick up the pace. - My job is not to look at  how long something takes you. I think you do something here ¶to put up  the best fight you can. - I'm not gonna go down  without a fight, so let's go. - I like that.  - Thank you. ¶ ¶ Moving on to the west. Arlene. - This is a bold, heavy tattoo. Where you have solid black,  it is solid, but there's a couple of areas  in your outlines where you color black  completely over the outline. If you know an area's  gonna be solid black, then you don't need  to outline under it. - I know this. It's just I was getting  all this advice in my ear and I know, like,  what you're saying. That's what I usually do. - You have to relax. You're the only one that's killing yourself. ¶ ¶ - Next up is the south who has  three team members remaining. Let's start with Patrick. ¶ ¶ - It's a beautiful tattoo.  - Thank you. - The gradient  that you have here and the way  that you purposefully put in your blacks, having the guts to make a face that black on the left side-- that's confidence  in tattooing, and I love, really,  the resilience in you for coming back  and showing us what you got. - This is the biggest, sharpest, cleanest tattoo of the day  for sure. - Thank y'all. ¶ ¶ - Nychelle. ¶ ¶ - It definitely has  an unfinished feel to it. Pretty much  nowhere in the tattoo you have any really rich,  solid black. The only place that you did  put it was behind your image. If your background richness  was in the bell, it would look  completely different. Best way to show light  is with black. ¶ ¶ - Jason, you're next. - The way this thing's colored, man, I just have a lot  of problems with it. The brown's not solid. Your yellow's  not up to the line. Your red's not up to the line. If you're gonna do these  solid fields of color, they need to be solid  to the line. ¶ ¶ - All right, judges, it is time to determine  who's going home. - Jason has the most  problems technically. - I can't back that vote. 'Cause I would argue that there  are some tattoos out there that aren't even competitive. - It's hard for me, like,  how big and badass the tattoo Jason did. But it's also very clear to me that it's not as solid  as what Emac did. So did Emac just play smart  and clean? - Yeah. For me, I think  that Nychelle struggled. I'd much rather walk out  with Jason's tattoo. - I hear you, man. But I don't see  the proper width. I don't see the solid black  silhouette. - Okay, but then let me just  put this to you. Fundamentally speaking, Jason's outline  versus Nychelle's. Jason's saturation  versus Nychelle's - I know where I messed up, but I do have  the technical skill. Not to throw you  under the bus, bro, but it took your whole team  to help you pull three arrows? - The challenge.  You gotta meet the challenge. - Are you gonna be able  to tattoo the rest of the competition  like that? - You did not. - I'm a better--  I'm fundamentally-- - You may be,  but you wasn't on this tattoo. - I'm not going home. - I go back and forth, and I gotta fall down  on Nychelle. - [bleep]. - I'm just simply looking at  what I'm looking at and I'm one of three voices, and my voice stays solid. My vote is for Jason. ¶ ¶ - Man. - My vote's for Nychelle. - [bleep].  - The judges have decided. Nychelle, you do not have  what it takes to be Ink Master. - Wow. - Today it's--  it's the way it fell and I think you just got the jitters. - Please pack your machines  and head out. - I've gotten  to where I am in life because I listen to my gut, and I didn't do that  while I was here. Thank you.  So when I go back home, I'm just gonna trust myself  like I always have. I'm gonna come back  and I'm gonna kill it. ¶ ¶ narrator: On the next episode  of "Ink Master"... - This turf war  is just getting started. - Time's ticking.  - Jason's so full of shit. - We gotta establish  that we are not a team that they need [bleep] with. - Yeah, we're gonna go to war together. - Yeah, we were in the bottom. There's only one place  that we can go. You guys think  you're at the top? There's only one place  you can go. - I see you, Jason. I see you. - At the end of the day, it's every man and woman  for himself. - You got one good critique and now you're back  to acting like an asshole. - We're a team. Don't you wanna [bleep] hear me? Or do you wanna just yell at me? - I don't trust you and  I think you're a [bleep] liar. - It is just a nightmare.  - What? - You're probably getting knocked out. - We're gonna need  a miracle here. That was rough. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 