Ink Master: Season 13, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ink Master 
 s13e2 - Clash of the Collages - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ink Master (2012–…): Season 13, Episode 2 - Clash of the Collages - full transcript 
 The judges test the regional artist teams' fundamentals and reveal a game-changing turf war twist. The battle continues for $100K and the title of Ink Master. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  male announcer: On the last  episode of "Ink Master"... the turf war began. - You will form four teams based solely on what region  of the country you call home. - What?  [all speaking at once] - Let's kick their ass  and their ass and their ass. announcer:  Artists battle for safety while tattooing  their home states. - Do you need any sandpaper  to, like, take it off? I have some. - Why would I listen to you?  Get back to work. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Each of your tattoos  have been ranked by the judges. If you made it into the top 12,  you are safe. - There's people sitting there that have blowouts,  [bleep] up line work. - You did a tattoo  that's not technically solid. That is your fault, not mine. - I 100% disagree.  - You can. - And that's your right. announcer:  The bottom seven artists have one last chance  to prove their worth. - I'm gonna show everyone  who they're [bleep] with. - Judges, it is time  to determine who's going home. - Jason has  the most problems technically. - But he did  a competitive tattoo. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I see Emac struggled. Nychelle struggled. - It's probably  the one that shows the least amount  of fundamentals. - Nychelle, you do not  have what it takes to be Ink Master. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ announcer: 18 artists remain, but only one  will earn the $100,000 prize and the title of Ink Master. [rock music] ¶ ¶ [dramatic music] [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ - I'm gonna be honest. I definitely think  you should've went home. - I definitely  hit the challenge. - You needed everyone  on your team to help you design  a tattoo that big. - I follow  what my team told me. - It's not a team. - We're all gonna  stand together right now. - But at the end of the day, it's every man and woman  for himself. I don't need help. - [bleep] my team until  it's time to use my team to get to the next place.  - Yeah. - Patrick's been tattooing  for super a long time. He's got a ego.  He thinks he's by himself. We'll work him in. - Y'all can pussyfoot around  it, I'm man enough to say it. There's only gonna be  one person on that stage that claims that title. - You've got one good critique and now you're back  to acting like an asshole. I mean, boom. [rock music] ¶ ¶ - Congratulations.  You've survived the first week. [all exclaim at once] Stand united as a team  or divided you could fall. - Tough for  some of these teams. - Good luck with the South. - One thing is certain, only one of you  will earn $100,000, a feature in "Inked" magazine, and the title of Ink Master. - Definitely gonna be  here in the West. - For your first  flash challenge you will win or lose as a team. - We gotta work together, guys.  - Yup. - This week we're testing  the fundamentals. - That's good. You need to be able  to use line and you need to navigate color. It's the foundation. You can have a beautiful house, but if it's built  on a bunch of shitty rocks it's gonna collapse. - Today you must  create a masterpiece on the side of a 45-foot-long  tour bus using only postcards. - Oh-ho!  - Oh, man. [dramatic music] - Hell, nah. It's not "Postcard Master,"  This is "Ink Master." Man, you trippin'. - Eh, [bleep] ain't gonna  be easy, [bleep]. Only four of us? - It's a big [bleep] bus. - We're looking for a mosaic. You need to do something that'll blend to make one image that we can see from far away. - Be creative.  You can do art. You can treat it  as a billboard. You can treat it  as anything you want. The image here  has to have an impact. - Think big,  make something awesome. - Win this challenge and  your team will have the power to assign  all the human canvases in the elimination tattoo. - We're gonna have to shine  hard on this one, all right? - You have six hours. - Oh, [bleep]. - And your time starts... now. - Let's do it, go! - Yeah, grab some pencils. - This week  we are testing fundamentals so we wanna see  a legible image. - I'm thinking right now that we make  an even bigger postcard. - I think it would kinda cool to do a giant,  half-peeled cob of corn. - It's not a  abstract challenge. We're not just looking for,  "Oh, there's a bunch of color." We're looking for an image. - I was thinking,  like, Wild West. - Couple cactus?  - Yeah, yeah. - You've gotta create  and tell a story out of a mess. - We just gotta  get our idea down. - Yeah, what are you ideas? - [bleep], I don't know. - We could do  a light hanging down with the light coming out  from it and, like, a moth. - I mean,  we've gotta think creative, outside of the box,  no tattoo imagery. - So we do a white limo. We have two wheels. They're gonna play in-- we incorporate those  in the design. And to keep other people from knowing  that we're using the wheels, we can start from the top,  work our way down. - Yeah.  - If we just go too simple, I think it might  bite us in the ass. I just wanna make sure  we're hitting that challenge of fundamentals  and making sure it's-- - Okay, well, in my season, every time I designed it I won. Let's hope today  that Patrick decides that he wants to  be a team player. - Let's [bleep] roll with it. - Right now the South  is pretty down. Actually, geographically  we are. We gotta start getting some  wins underneath our belt and bring this morale up. - What's the plan here? - Uh, it looks like I'm sticking yellow rectangles. - I just--I don't want to put  words in your mouth there. My answer, if I did,  would be losing. - Oh. I tell you what, though. See this? It was a road flare. Your team needs some assistance. - Ooh, look at that!  [laughs] - You wanna come play, Frank, come play hard. I think everybody's  underestimating the South. I mean, yeah, we  were in the bottom. It's just the beginning  of the competition. There's only one place  that we can go. You guys think  you're at the top? There's only one place  you can go. - We have  the fastest drawer here. - He's [bleep] jammin'. - We have a good strategy here. - Do you think we should do  something with these two tires? Maybe utilizing that shape  for something. - Nah. - I think we should just focus  on, like, the image on the bus. - Not only does my team  need this win, but I need this win. - We got it.  - That's it right there. - Yes, we got it. - I need to prove  to everyone else don't second-guess me. I'm here for a reason  and you're gonna see why. That's too high.  Move. - Wait, I'm looking  at the drawing. - Yeah, I know,  and I see the drawing. That top of the I  is at the bottom of the horn. - Yeah, but it cannot be close. Hey, no, no, no, no, no. You need it to have some separation here. - It's literally just  everything I [bleep] say. - Hey, hey, don't--hey.  - No. - Don't [bleep] us up.  - It's cool. I'm just, like,  I'm trying to help. I can work a lot faster  than some of you and no one's [bleep] listening. - There's so much sass. West Coast is the sass coast. - Tryna keep everything kosher.  - Done, asshole. - And we're over here like, "Hey, you're doing  a great job!" - I know, right? - It's just, the Midwest  knows how to work together. It's just how it is. - You have four hours left. Four hours left, everybody. ¶ ¶ - Have you seen East? There's nothing up there. - Which drawing  are we going off of? 'Cause we've got two. Is this gonna be all black  in the background? - I'm just gonna follow  what you wanna do, Jimmy. - I don't want that  to be the case. I'm trying to talk to you guys. - I feel like whatever  I'm saying you don't like and then we're both sort of sticking with our own ideas  a little bit and maybe that's [bleep] us up so, like, I just wanna do this in whatever way is gonna, like,  work best for us. - I want it to work best  for us, also. That's why we're doing  your idea, you know? It's like every single word  out of my mouth K seems to take personal. Not trying  to work against her, I'm trying to work together  as a team. I don't want you to feel at all like I'm steamrolling. - Okay.  - Or whatever. - Okay. I feel like we don't have  a finalized vision and we're moving forward  anyway and I don't feel confident  in that. - What?  Nothing? Not one postcard? - Don't worry about us, man. - Time's ticking. - Jason's so full of shit, man. - He's right though,  he's right. We gotta boogie. ¶ ¶ - Let's do these. Grab Dakota Hawaii--  all the way down to the bottom. - I'm feeling pretty shaky right now. - Okay.  - It's not good. - I have type 1 narcolepsy  with cataplexy. It's [bleep] horrible,  and there's no cure. Sometimes out of nowhere, like, bright lights  will cause the cataplexy to come up  and it's kinda bright looking at the bus and stuff. - Yeah, you got a lot of shine off the bus and it's gonna be the same as, like, a strobe light or something like that to you. - With any heightened emotion  I become useless. I lose muscle tone.  I'm unable to speak. It could last for,  like, a minute and it could last  for 20 minutes. I just feel really fatigued  right now. My son has ADHD, OCD,  and he's autistic. I see him straying away from wanting  to participate in things. And I want to show him  that it doesn't matter what-- whatever the [bleep] you have,  you know-- [sniffles]  it doesn't matter. I don't want to let him down. - I don't think Arlene  is feeling well. - No, she's not doing good. - Is the medic over there?  - Yeah, yeah. He's with her. - This is your final hour.  One hour remaining. ¶ ¶ - It's looking good.  It's looking good. - How are you feeling?  - Better, thanks. - Yeah?  - Yeah. It just takes a minute  for it to go away. - Know what I like  about those palm trees? They look like money,  and we have this in the bag. ¶ ¶ - Five, four, three, two, one. That is it. Time is up. - Looks like  it could be a postcard. - You're god damn right  it does. - Good job. ¶ ¶ - Okay, it is time  to critique your work. West, let's start with you. Super impressive job. You have so much  legibility going on throughout this thing. The skull here  in the foreground, the moon radiating light, using the darks for  the shadows of the cactus was a smart play  to bring out some contrast. - What I really love  is the cactus and the way that the card's  laid out, it shows the ridges. It was a really smart move. - [laughs quietly] - Midwest, you're up. - The corn stands out  super strong. It's some of the most detail  that we've seen today. But how the rest of that  blends in is a little bit hard  to see what's going on. - What are these shapes  on the left side? - Mountains and,  you know, prairie. Like the wheat. - I see. - It's very segmented. That's the part for me  where you guys lose me. - It's a fried egg,  it's bacon, and it's corn. - Maybe that's what they eat in the Midwest. - And smoke and smoke. - South, you're next. - Using the wheels to turn this into  a stretch limo--ingenious. The tint on the windows  is perfect. That's the way  they ride in Miami. And I love the sunset.  I love the water. - As far as fundamentals go  it's just straight up. No questions what's going  on here, I like it. - Whoo.  - Great idea, bro. - East, you're up. Clear as day.  Light bulb. Nice gradation  from light to dark. We get to the moth, even the body of the moth  has texture and detail, and then what the [bleep]  is happening here? - Jimmy had the idea of putting in  the geometric shapes. - On paper I felt like  it needed more. - What's the green thing? - This?  - Yeah. - Just a leaf.  - [chuckles] 'Cause there's always a leaf  right next to a moth that's flying to a light bulb. - At least you guys  didn't have mountains. - Yeah. - All right, guys. Time to determine the winner  of this flash challenge. - The two most complete together scenes are the South and the West. - Today's a legibility day.  Our team brought it. - There's nobody saying  it's a legibility day. - But I think we can agree that  legibility is a fundamental. - But it's not  the only fundamental. 'Cause I've never seen  the surface of the water being light to the horizon  and then darker to the shore. - We were just very,  very meticulous. All of the cards are facing  the way we want them to and that's, I think,  what edges it out. - Well, I'm really pleased  out of the gate. Everybody really worked  their asses off. I'm a Miami guy.  You know where I'm going. I'm staying South. - Ooh. - I would say that the  incorporation of the wheels-- didn't expect to see that. My vote is for the South. - Goin' South. - Yes.  - Whoo! - The judges have decided the  winner of this flash challenge is the South. [all exclaim] - Yes!  - All right. - Congratulations. As a team,  you'll have the power to assign all the human canvases  in the elimination tattoo. - Absolutely coming for us.  - Don't worry. Bring it. - Skull picks?  Man, that's where it's at. It's the most fun thing  in this whole competition, and I can't wait  to ruffle a few feathers. - You can all  head back to the loft. - Tomorrow's  gonna be interesting. - What we gonna do? - I got my eyes  on some people already. - There's gonna be  some mad people today. - There's gonna be  some real mad people. - Yeah.  Lines drawn, man. - In the beginning, we were  the weakest-looking group. - Yeah. - With three of us  in the bottom. And one week later,  we hold the power. - And that's  a damn good feeling, bro. - We have grenades now-- live grenades  that we get to throw. We're gonna clearly define  enemy lines today. - I think everyone really  thought the South was a joke. - I don't care about them,  like, let them bicker  amongst each other. This is--this is  South business right here. - We gotta establish that we are not a team  that they need to [bleep] with. [rock music] ¶ ¶ - Welcome  to the elimination tattoo. - [sighs] - Every decision you make could put you one step closer to the title of Ink Master... - All right. - Mm, mm! - Or send you packing. - That's true. - In any battle, you're only as  strong as your strongest ally. - What's coming? - After every  elimination tattoo the team whose artists win  tattoo of the day will select one other team  to form the jury of peers. - Oh, wow.  - What? - Together  both teams will deliberate and put one artist  up for elimination. - What?  - Wow. - That might be a game-changer right there. - Mm-hmm.  - Oh, yeah. - Better make some friends.  - Yeah. - Today you must tattoo--  - Here it comes. [dramatic music] - A compass rose. - Oh, shit. A lot of circles,  a lot of tight lines. - It's just a nightmare. - On a vintage map, the compass rose is  the part that shows you which way is  north, south, east, and west. It always consists  of straight lines and circles every single time. - There's gonna be  a lot of [bleep]-ups. - This is to see who's  a technician and who's not. Straight lines, good circles,  smooth shading. It's the fundamentals. - Just keep it super clean. - There is one more thing  that you should know. - [groans quietly] - For the first time ever-- - That's scary. This is scary.  - That is very scary. - Each judge will have the  power to pardon one artist, saving them from elimination. - Oh, what?  - Holy shit. - Shit. - If an artist  receives a pardon, they will immediately  reenter the competition. - Wow.  That is a bomb, bro. - In many seasons past, we've seen people leave  on a technicality. We now have the power to show  up and stop that elimination while you're packing your gear. - Wow.  - That's--that's a huge relief. That could be huge. That could be a saving grace  for any of us. - Damn. - I came here to win. I didn't come here  to receive a [bleep] pardon. But I'll take one... if I [bleep] up. - Let's meet your canvases. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ South,  you won the flash challenge. You now have the power  to assign the human canvases. - There's gonna be  some mad people today. - There's gonna be  some real mad people. - Remember, this is your chance  to take control of the game. - We're targeting the West. They're sittin' five strong and they got some  pretty talented people. What are you looking  to get, man? - I'm looking to get  an American traditional clipper ship on my sternum. - Wow.  - Whoa. - On your sternum? - You know how painful  a sternum tattoo is? There's no way. - Compass rose  with a dragon on my chest. - Oh, [bleep]. - A neo traditional  compass rose on my stomach. - What?  - Oh, shit. - Circles on a stomach  is a terrible idea. Stomachs can be loose, mushy. You don't want  to deal with that. - New-school compass rose  on my back. - Oh, no.  - I could do that. - Black and gray  realistic compass rose with lace and pearls. - With a compass, you're  already doing one big circle and then you add in  35 tiny more circles? You asking for  a mental breakdown. - Trash polka. - Um.  - [chuckles] - Compass rose on my calf. - Fundamentals  and trash polka, it's just a [bleep]  nightmare to do. - Really, none of them  are all that easy, so. - A lot of people up there  want color work. Then you got a lot  of black and gray ones. - They're gonna throw  color, color, color, color. And they're gonna throw me  black and gray. - Stomach. Today we're definitely gathering information  on everyone. - I'm trusting you. - If they're bragging about how good they are  at black and gray, we're gonna throw 'em  a color piece. - Color?  - Yeah, color. - Here you go, man. - If they're bragging about  how good they are at color, we're gonna throw them  a black and gray piece. You guys are gonna  [bleep] hate us. - [bleep]. - Canvases, one by one, please read the artist's name  on the bottom of your skull. - Jake. - Jordan.  - Hi. - Emac.  - Oh, here. - Jessa. - What is that?  - New school. - Hiram.  - Right here, boss. My specialty  is black and gray realism. New school--  I've never done that before. Thank you, guys. - You don't got what it takes. - What's that?  - Sternum. - Angel.  - What's up, man? I kinda get excited whenever  I get a bad skull pick because now I have  something to overcome. [bleep] yeah. - Raul.  - What up? - Oh, you get the dragon.  - Dragon for you, sir. - Oh, yes. I hate fantasy art. ¶ ¶ - Bob. - [claps]  Yeah. The South knows  that the West is a threat. They threw three of us  torso tattoos. The stomach  and two on the chest. That is a straight  kick in the nuts. - Yeah.  Lines drawn, man. - Jordi.  - How you doin'? - Money.  - Whoa. - Patrick.  - Right here, darlin'. - What did he want?  - Trash polka. - Jason.  - Got you, man. - Oh.  - Oh. - Really?  - Yeah, I was-- - Okay, not what I expected. - Jason just picked  the hardest one for himself. What a twist. Trash polka and Jason? It's like trash and garbage;  they go right together. - Jimmy.  - Hey. - K.  - That's me. - And this one's the lace.  - Lace and pearls. - Arlene.  - Hi. Bring it on. - Kelly.  - Yes, hey. - Jerrel.  - How you doin', man? - Frank.  - How's it goin'? - We got this. - You'll have six hours  to tattoo a compass rose. Good luck. - All right. - What's up, brother? - Up this way, let's go. - A compass rose is very  straightforward tattooing. But circles and straight lines  can be difficult depending on  the subject matter and where they want  to place the tattoo. - You wanted to get it on  your stomach, you were saying? - Yeah. - So fundamentals on technical  application's gonna be key. - American traditional. That should be fun. - Have you ever done  American traditional? - Yeah.  - Okay. - I actually did it last week. - Oh, wow. So okay,  so you've had practice. - Yeah, you can have a seat. I'd rather not do  American traditional but if that's what  she want, that's cool. - You don't think the ship's  gonna look crooked, right? Don't want it to look like  it's falling over. - The ship is like this because it's moving, moving forward, it's on the water; it's actually going somewhere. I'm afraid she's gonna leave. I need to stay  in this competition. - It still looks to me  like the ship is crooked. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ - How's yours coming?  The color? - Yeah.  It's just traditional. - Okay, sweet.  Nice! - How you want me to do it? - That's not even new school. - Wait,  wait until we get there. - That's why I gave it to you. 'Cause I don't think you can draw it. And apparently you can't. - You got it right, then. - I don't know  who he's trying to eliminate with that skull pick. He kinda wasted it, honestly. - Traditional is fine.  I like it. - Put that flag the other way. - Yeah, you're right. - That's, like, such an easy mistake to make. - Okay. She likes the concept. She just doesn't like that the boat is tilted. - I mean, they're supposed  to be a little crooked there. It's a clipper ship. - I understand, but she wants the boat straight. - You're just gonna have  to redraw it a little bit, which I don't know  if you have much time for. I wanna keep my team intact, but I also need  to focus on myself. So what are you gonna do, Emac? - Okay. Artists, you have six hours  to tattoo a compass rose, and your time starts now. - It's away!  - All right, let's do this. - Let's get the stencil on. - I think the placement's perfect. - There are varying forms  of compass roses. Some are super simple, some  are really, really elaborate. - That's money. - This is the day  to think simple and remember we're testing  the fundamentals. - Ready to win this thing? - Absolutely, are you?  - Yeah. [suspenseful music] ¶ ¶ Just as I suspected, Jason kicked all of us  right in the gut. I knew somebody was gonna be  like, "I'll give Angel  the [bleep] clipper ship." Joke's on you, Jason. Give me a skull and I'm gonna hit it out of the park  every single time. ¶ ¶ - I'm sure  everybody else knows that I'm struggling  with the environment and having to prove myself. I wanna showcase my abilities and that I deserve to be here and that I do  have a shot at this. The rest of the teams  are hating on us right now 'cause they know  we got a good team. The hardest part about  this tattoo is the pearls and all that lace  in the background. Straight lines,  perfect circles. It's a lot. ¶ ¶ - Four hours to go. Four hours to go, guys. ¶ ¶ - The goal is to be the best, but it's a journey,  not a destination. My canvas saw what I drew up,  and he wanted it on his thigh so he can have  a bigger, better tattoo. This is turning out sick. But I'm the only one  in the West that predominantly does color. And of course,  they're gonna throw me a black and gray piece so that I can't even  use my strongest suit. - Bob, lemme see this shit. That's a [bleep] cool tattoo. - Well, you know, we're doing  the best pieces out here. - Everybody is cruising on our side. ¶ ¶ I really thrive  under pressure. When people are antagonizing  me, that's when my art  flourish. Don't sleep on me. That punch  that you don't see coming, it's the one  that'll knock you out. - Yeah? - Oh, yeah. [dramatic music] - Oh, [bleep], yeah, dude. You're killin' it, man. - Yup. It's pretty clean. - [chuckles] - I'm taking a lot of risks  with this tattoo. This style is meant  to take up the whole body part. And when you're working  with circles it could be something  that's a little tricky. You know,  I'ma surprise people here. - Three hours to go, guys. Three hours to go. - Now? - I think it looks great. - Okay, cool. [chuckles] I have the biggest tattoo  in the room. Time is not  what I have right now. - Oh, my gosh.  I'm so nervous. [laughs] - All I need is you to work with me and I'll work with you. ¶ ¶ - Did I move? - It's all right. It's nothing I can't fix. - It's tough staying still. ¶ ¶ - Today's fundamental day, and line work is one of the biggest fundamentals in tattooing, so that's what we're focusing on. I chose the mandala  because there's lines every-[bleep]-where. This is for my family, you know? Hopefully they would never have to live like I did when I was a kid. When I was 17 years old,  you know, we were homeless, and I've built my way up, and I know that sometimes  I can be too passionate. But it's only because I continue to set my mind  and my goals so high that I will never stop. [tattoo machine buzzing] - Goin' good so far. - Yeah?  - Yeah. I honestly never thought that  I would be a tattoo artist. I kinda think that, like, when  you get tattooed by someone you kinda, like, take on  a little bit of their energy. I spent about ten years  as a oil painter. You can make great work and  maybe nobody gives a [bleep]. I love tattooing so much, and I get to work  with people every single day and create things  that change their lives, and that's just  really fulfilling for me. - This is your final hour. One hour left. ¶ ¶ - I'm about to start my red. - Yeah, get in there.  I'm worried about you. - [exhales deeply] I'm worried too. - I don't think he has time  to be walking around right now. You've gotta [bleep] finish. Otherwise you're out  automatically, pretty much. - There's a line  that came a little off. I can't fix that line  unless I bold the whole thing. Whenever you get the chance. - I probably won't  get the chance 'cause I'm running  super behind. Holy shit! I don't know what Emac did, but we're gonna need  a miracle here. ¶ ¶ - Oh, it's starting  to hurt real bad. Oh--[squeals] The outline is taking  a long time. I gotta get it done. ¶ ¶ - Five, four, three, two, one, time is up, machines down. No more ink. - Icy clean. - It was rough for a minute,  I'll tell ya. - Ta-da! - I can't believe that's on my body, man. That is so good. - Mac attack, down to the [bleep] wire. - The wire, dude.  Literal seconds. - The literal last minute. - Was it his decision  to make it that big? Or what--what happened there? - I don't know. - Man, you just did  a traditional tattoo. That's pretty [bleep] easy. - I feel really bad that I wasn't there to help him more, you know? - You had to do  what you had to do. - I know. ¶ ¶ - We're a team. - I don't trust you, and I  think you're a [bleep] liar. - It is just a nightmare. - You're shackled. If you get punched  when you're rigid, you're probably  getting knocked out. - We didn't shy away from any challenge that you threw at us, man. - We did color. - Color, everybody did what you threw. - Whether we feel that we won, each tattoo is the best,  we can argue that all day. - Yeah.  - Yeah. - After someone wins  tattoo of the day, we've got this whole  jury of peers to get through. - I don't know who  I'm taking with me but I know who I'm not taking  with me, guys. I'm sorry, that's you guys. I'm not taking the South  to the jury of peers. - I mean, you just aimed at us big time. - We didn't aim for anybody, we gave everybody  an opportunity to excel. - I see you, Jason. You're [bleep] smart. I see you. - It's a game. We have to play the game. - We're gonna see, you know, who got tattoo of the day. You guys better have it because just know,  we're going at you. [rock music] ¶ ¶ [suspenseful music] ¶ ¶ - Today, you had to execute  flawless fundamentals, tattooing a compass rose. West, let's start with you. Hiram. - Get it. - Hi, guys. - Creatively, the fact that you  took the ship, put it in a bottle  in a new-school way and then you took  the compass rose and made that  an element of another subject a really clever job, man. - If you're able  to do drawings like this then you're definitely gonna  have a strong shot here. - Thank you. - Raul.  - All right. - Your colors do look bright because there is  a lot of black, so the contrast  helps you out a lot. But the wing silhouette thing  above, drastically unfinished look. It's not really  doing you any favors. - All right. - Bob. - Man, I like  your illustration. You do have  some smooth technique. The shading in the leaves  is really smooth. But it's just way too crammed. It becomes just one blur. - If this tattoo was color,  it'd be legible all day. - Yeah. - Arlene.  - Hi. - The first thing I get when I look at this tattoo  is not lace. - These different rays  on the compass rose, they don't really line up. - And you're kind of  missing one here. - Your east-northeast  is missing. - If somebody had to find  their way home, it could get tricky. ¶ ¶ - [bleep], man. - Angel. ¶ ¶ - Very, very clean tattoo. - It's what a strong  black outline can do. And it pops, and it's strong,  and it's a sticker. - Is the flag  going the wrong way? - Yes.  - What? - I had it the other way  and then Arlene was like, "Uh, it's backwards." - The wind is pushing the sail so the sails  are bowed this way. But then the flag  is going the opposite way. - I will not forget. - East, you're next. Emac. ¶ ¶ - It's pretty simple;  you can tell what's going on; and you've got a really  doubled-up thick outline here. Some of 'em  look solid and clean; some of 'em do not. A lot of inconsistencies. If you're gonna make  thick lines, they should all be  the same thickness. You don't have  the same thickness. - Jimmy. ¶ ¶ - [exhales deeply] - The outline's clean, and the blue and the orange  look saturated really nice. But, man, we gotta talk  about the compass rose part. Your red doesn't  look like you did it. - I'm trying to race  with the clock, and I put it  all in with my liner. - It really hurts  the whole tattoo. ¶ ¶ - That was rough. - Jessa. - Hey, guys. - Let's talk about  the scenery. - [bleep]. - Those three peaks. They're the same size,  the same shape, and they abruptly stop  at the edge of the circle. It does anything but show what  it is that you're going for. - Why give us questions? - [whispers]  I don't know. - K. - It definitely  seems unfinished. You just take  a light pale yellow and try to color  a big area with it. Just not the best choice to stand alone  against a thin outline. And obviously, the center  of the four-pointed star has a cock to it. You're gonna have  to get a tattoo that's more solid,  more finished. - Okay. [exhales deeply] - Midwest, you're up. Frank. ¶ ¶ - Judges. - The design of this thing  I really love. The circle on the globe  is beautiful. The little details you get  in this tattoo are great. - Jordan. - The eye stands out strong. I just wish that it had  some tone variance. It's just monotone throughout. - Kelly.  - Hi, guys. - Your circle and your rose,  very clean. Your lettering in the banner  all matches. Technically you stand out. - Thank you. - Jerrel.  - How's it goin'? - You have a lot of really  crisp, straight lines and your circles  are a lot better than some of the others  in the room. - Thank you. - Jake.  - Hello, judges. - Selling me on this  being a map is a stretch. - Design-wise,  it falls pretty flat. - South, let's see how you did. Patrick. - Excuse me, guys. What's up, fellas? - Big tattoo--  when you get in close, you definitely see a lot  of problems with the outlines. - Around the edge  of this circle, that's where it stuck out  the most. - Where you do solid fills  of a lighter wash, it does look pretty smooth,  though. - Thank you, guys, man. - Money Mike. ¶ ¶ - This snake is unappealing. - You do one style belly  beneath the compass and you do one style belly  above. What this tattoo suffers  from the most is gonna be this anatomy. ¶ ¶ - Jordi. - Your blue saturation  and your purple colors-- it's solid; it's smooth. But what happened  to your circles? - It wasn't  a whole circle around, I kinda wanted to do  a little loop between inches, kinda change it up. - I mean,  it looks pretty wonky. ¶ ¶ - Jason. ¶ ¶ - These circles and the  straight lines really are nice. The black is really strong, and that red  is punched in so bright. I'm not a fan of trash polka,  but you make this design cool. - Good job, buddy.  - Killed it, man. - Judges,  it is time to determine who had the best tattoo  of the day. - Well, I like Hiram's tattoo.  - Me too. - Putting something together that is cohesive,  that all has a rhythm. - Angel's tattoo really  stands out strong. Clean line work,  smooth shading, solid black and bright color. - What about Jason? - Jason definitely has some  shining moments, for sure. - Final decision? - For all of the  technical output-- the straightest lines, the most perfect  against-the-field circles, I will go with Jason today. - Ooh. - Sick. - I'm voting for Angel. - It's not the best drawing. - I can settle this  pretty easily. - All right. - My vote's for Jason. - Yes!  - God damn. - The judges have decided that the best tattoo  of the day goes to Jason. That means the South  will form a jury of peers with one other team. Jason, which team  do you choose? - [clicks tongue]  Uh... I've been  in this competition before, and I competed against Frank,  and I trust Frank. So I'ma go with Midwest. - All right. - The South and Midwest  will form the jury of peers. You must deliberate and put  one artist up for elimination. You can all head back  to the loft. ¶ ¶ - Super awesome effort today. We almost took tattoo  of the day but we didn't. - It also doesn't help when you throw your teammates  under the bus. Your flag being backwards? - I don't think anybody's at fault. - Well, clearly you do,  because you outed me. - Okay, hold on a second.  - You said "Arlene suggested." - I didn't think it was a big deal because-- - Of course you didn't think  it was a big deal, 'cause it's not on you--  it's Arlene's fault. - You're my teammate and I--  - Exactly. - Stop interrupting me, okay?  - Or what? - We're a team. Don't you wanna [bleep] hear me, or do you wanna just yell at me? - The reason why the South won was because they  utilized the tires and they filled up the sky.  - They won because-- - Both things that  I told you we should do. You axed the tire idea. It's not fair that you guys  aren't acknowledging the shit that I'm saying. - I acknowledged you today. What happened? - One time. - You're being  super passive-aggressive. - Let her talk. Let her talk. - I'm not being  passive-aggressive. First of all, get a dictionary. - That was passive-aggressive  right there. - All I'm saying is  I don't trust you and I think  you're a [bleep] liar. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ - We are here to form  the first jury of peers to decide who we're gonna  send up for elimination. - To me, I think  the worst one was Emac. It doesn't have  any good shading, and it doesn't have  any good lines. - But Emac's lines  are better than Patrick's. - Wait, I-- wait, wait, wait.  - They're in there. - What?  - They're solid. - They're in there.  - Absolutely not. - Bullshit. - Every line is hollow.  I mean just integrity-wise. Regardless of how shitty the  ship is, his lines are black; they're not hollow;  and there's no streaks in 'em. - They are so all over the place. - We're looking  at all aspects here. - There are some hiccups in it, but I damn sure do not think that that compares anything  to what Emac or Arlene did. - Well, let's talk  about Arlene's, then. If black's supposed  to be black, we can see  every line that she made, and every time  she tried to fill it in, and they still don't meet. - You lose the lace, for sure. - Arlene and Emac  are definitely in the running for the bottom. - Here we are, testing fundamentals  with compass roses. - Lot of people just made  bad choices on designs. - People forced themselves to do things that  they were already scared of. - A perfect storm was K. - It just looks unfinished. - She's making decisions  to just do a thin outline and then a solid field  of light yellow. That's not  a good decision to make. - Between Emac and K,  K's looks unfinished. Whereas Emac's  at least has some weight and finished look to it. - But when you get into  any part of it technically, it is just a nightmare. - Another artist  that really seemed to have a tough time with it  was Arlene. She definitely struggled with  the placement of the beads. - Does kinda look  like a fishnet, which does go  with the nautical theme. - Well, the jury  is deliberating right now to put one artist  up for elimination and it is  the South and the Midwest. I'm really curious  how that's going to go. - Yeah. - Definitely a tough day. [door handle clicks] ¶ ¶ - All right, jury of peers. Which artist are you  sitting down for elimination? - The jury of peers has decided to put Arlene  up for elimination. - All right, in the bottom  I see Arlene, Emac... and K. See y'all downstairs. - I'm a fighter. I just gotta  throw some punches. Hopefully they land. - That's what I wanna hear,  man. - Let's get this over with. - Good luck, guys.  - [exhales deeply] Thanks. - You got it, you got it. - Good luck, guys.  - Good luck. ¶ ¶ - Today you were being tested  on the fundamentals. Based on your work, one of you  will be packing your machines. Jason, why did the jury of peers  vote Arlene to the bottom? - We felt like that hers had  the most line work issues. We really couldn't find  any straight lines, so for those reasons, we decided  to put her at the bottom. - I was actually gonna nominate  myself to come down here. - But I mean,  you're sitting pretty. What are you talking about? - Eh, not when  your own teammate throws you at the bottom. Telling me that Emac's line  work was better than mine? - I didn't say anything about  putting you in the bottom. I said that I--  - No, I mean, you pulled my name up there. - Can I just say something?  - Yeah. - I have narcolepsy  with cataplexy. I have to stay super calm because if I don't,  I become paralyzed, which then means I can't  tattoo. But, you know,  I didn't come all the way the [bleep] over here  to go home. - Who do you see as going home? - Emac. I don't think it was necessary  to put the compass rose covering the whole bottom  of the ship. I feel like that was a cop out. - When you look at this, you know exactly what it is. - All across the board,  all three of these tattoos have shortcomings. - Where I've really failed is  because I was too worried about staying inside the box, and I've spent my entire life  not worrying what kind of box  I should fit in. - You're shackled. Because you're not expressing  yourself the way you would if you were  home. You have to release. If you get punched when you're  rigid, you're probably getting knocked  out. - All right, judges. It is time to determine  who is going home. [dramatic music] - As far as the most solid  foundation of an idea and of a design, I like K's. But as far as the most finished  look overall, I think Arlene has it. - In Emac's tattoo, there's areas where your lines  don't connect. There's areas that are not  showing me that you put the  color in solid. ¶ ¶ I'm gonna go with Emac. ¶ ¶ - Gotta be Emac. - The judges have decided,  Emac, you do not have what it takes  to be Ink Master. - I think you do have a lot  of potential. Hopefully this experience will  be a springboard to get to your potential. - Please pack your machines  and close shop. - Thank you, everyone. [whispers]  Thank you. [sniffs] This is a experience that most people dream for. All I can do is soak up  all the knowledge that I can and come back  a better artist. ¶ ¶ announcer: On the next episode  of "Ink Master"... - Today we are moving directly  into a tattoo marathon. - Oh, shit.  - It never stops. - You want me  to put the red in? - I want you guys to leave me  alone. - Less of a team's better 'cause there's not so many  opinions. - Opinions are like assholes.  Everyone has one. - She's in agony. - It's like bad sushi on a  Tuesday, you just don't want it. - A lot of problems here with  trauma with the skin. - I think this is utter  bullshit. - [bleep] this. - This is gonna get gnarly. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 