Ink Master: Season 13, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ink Master 
 s13e6 - Off the Chain - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ink Master (2012–…): Season 13, Episode 6 - Off the Chain - full transcript 
 The Turf War is more intense than ever before and to survive the Artists must fight for every possible advantage and ally. Cross-team alliance takes shape, and a glowing elimination challenge leaves one team burned. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Straight into the mouth  of madness. announcer:  An extreme challenge put teamwork to the test. - In this competition,  you never know what's coming. Now you gotta pay the price. - Somebody's going home. - Man, right now, look at the  solid black anywhere on Mike's. It's not smooth  or not even or not solid. - Money Mike, you do not have what it takes  to be Ink Master. [dramatic music] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Don't relax. Another artist is going home. announcer:  In a shocking twist, the Midwest and the South endured  second elimination tattoos. - Whoever goes home,  as long as it's on Midwest. - If we're judging on  consistency, Frank's tattoo. - That's probably  bottom tattoo. - I don't think  I can lean towards Frank being the worst one of the day. Design-wise, Jordi is my least  favorite of the seven. - If everybody feels  mine's the worst one, I wouldn't have a problem  with that today. - [bleep] that.  No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Send somebody  on the Midwest home. Send Jake home. - Technically, the biggest  shortcoming of the day is found in Jake's tattoo. - Jake, you do not have  what it takes to be Ink Master. ¶ ¶ announcer:  13 artists remain, but only one will earn  a $100,000 prize and the title of Ink Master. [rock music] [rock music] ¶ ¶ [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ - That one hurt. - I'm worried for you, South.  I'm a little bit worried. - For us?  - Yeah. - Oh, no, we're good. - But you were this close  to being by yourself. - I would carry the South  by myself through this whole  [bleep] competition... - You are so full of shit. - And watch  every single person go home. I mean, try me. Try to take Jordi out.  See what happens. - Truthfully, Frank,  you slid under the radar today. - I'm proud of that  [bleep] tattoo. I love that tattoo. - The design was badass.  The tattoo was beat-up. - As far as the West goes,  you guys drew a line, and that's fine, but you better  doing the best tattoos the world has ever  [bleep] seen. As soon as you drop the ball,  I'm right [bleep] there. Don't drop the [bleep] ball. ¶ ¶ - Welcome. The battle for $100,000,  a feature in "Inked" magazine, and the title of Ink Master  is more intense than ever. - Yeah, that's true. - To survive this turf war, you must fight for every  possible advantage. - You guys know that. - For this flash challenge, you will once again  win or lose as a team. - We got this.  - You feel good about that? - This week,  we are testing contrast. - Oh. - Contrast is having  opposing elements that work well together, so dark and light,  good and evil-- two different things that  really just make an image pop. - Today you must create  an impressive work of art on an 8-foot by 36-foot  chain-link fence. - What?  - [bleep]. - A whole fence? - That's 12 feet apiece for us. - That thing is like  a tractor-trailer, dude. - Bitch, we got fast hands. - Working as a team,  you must strategically place thousands upon thousands  of different colored cups into each individual diamond, bringing one massive image  to life. - Thousands of cups? - There's nothing easy  about this. - Right?  - Got all these cups. Like, let's just make some milkshakes, maybe some lemonade? Like, I could go  with a Tom Collins. - What are we doing?  Writing a message? "Send Bob home." - Think creatively. Think design.  Think illustrative. Think something that you can  put out really big and use contrasting colors to make your  image visible from far away. - Smaller teams,  the stakes are high for you. You don't want to lose  any more members. Knock off the bigger teams. Bigger teams,  eat the smaller teams. This is what you're looking for.  This is the battle. - You're [bleep]. - Aww, damn. - Win this challenge, and your team will have  the power to assign all of the human canvases  in the elimination tattoo. - Yeah. - You have five hours, guys, and your time starts now. [indistinct chatter]  - [laughs] - For this flash challenge, we're testing contrast using  a limited color palette. - One of those, like,  Space Invader-type ships? Something like that?  - Yeah! We could totally do something  like Space Invaders. The silhouette  of a guy shooting, hitting one or two  of the ships... - And they explode.  - And the ships kind of breaking apart into...  - Ohh, that'd be dope. - They have to do something  that stands out from across the field. - What do you guys think  about doing something, like, really creepy? Like, almost, like,  horror movie-esque? A house or, like, an old church. - We could have a cemetery  and a church. - Hey, that's not bad. - If this thing just looks  soft and blurry from a distance,  that's not gonna nail it. - I was kinda thinking,  like, a [bleep], like, alligator or something. - What if we do a chameleon?  - Ooh. - It's kinda weird that  we're choosing a chameleon for contrast  when the chameleon blends in. - Yeah, but not always.  [overlapping chatter] Depends how we want  our chameleon to look. - If we did do a chameleon, just do, like, the head with a big long tongue, like, catching a bug. - Ooh, that's cool.  - Dude, that is. - A chameleon is, like, the most camouflaged animal  on the planet. Maybe he's an angry chameleon. [bleep], I'm not gonna  go against my team, so I'm gonna focus on this bug so that I'm not frustrated  about having to do a chameleon. [dramatic musical sting] - We could have, like, a hot air  balloon, like, taking off. - Why don't we choose  something like an airplane, which is gonna fit the space  better without distorting it? - I feel like making a balloon is much easier  than making a plane. - I'm really glad  you're speaking up. - Let's do it.  - All right. - I don't want to feel like I'm  leading us into a fail, but-- - All right,  let's have this talk later. Let's start taping some shit on.  Okay, thanks. - Are you into this? 'Cause you don't have to be. - I'm good. I'm just trying to make sure  that we go into this knowing that, like,  we should not expect detail. The more we try to pack into  this, the more it's gonna fail. - I would say it's the time  to keep it simple. - Midwest just lost a member for the first time  in this competition. We are out for revenge,  we are out for blood, and the time for playing  it simple is completely done. Ours is like a comic strip. - Right, right.  I'm not trying to be negative. - Literally like  building blocks. - The balance of this  is so [bleep] hard. - I think we can pull it off. - Four hours left, guys.  Four more hours. ¶ ¶ - The chameleon's looking cool. It's hard to see it until you stand back. - We're too good, dude. We're kicking  everybody's ass so far. - That [bleep] skeleton is rudimentary. - As corny as the Midwest. - That whole side's coming  together really [bleep] nicely. We need those skull picks. We had the biggest team in the  house for as long as we could, and if I can send somebody  from the West home, we got the biggest team again. - I just wanna slap Jason. - [laughs]  - Just look at him. - I don't know why  you're smiling, Jerrel. You guys--guys just keep  doing a brown landscape across the front  of a [bleep] green background. - And you just keep  losing teammates one after another  every [bleep] week. - Who just went home? - Yeah, our first one. - Look, you just let us do  our thing and work on contrast while you guys make  a big murky image. - Yup. - Two hours to go, everybody,  two hours to go. ¶ ¶ - Honestly, I [bleep] hate it. It looks like a child's  [bleep] schoolhouse. There's no contrast here. The only thing that stands out  is the moon. The purple and brown  mute each other out. - If pulling those [bleep] out and fixing it helps, let's do that. - Frank and Kelly want  to simplify everything we do to the point  where it's just boring. It's flat.  It's dull. It's not a winning piece. Jordan, what do you think about even putting a blue highlight  on the trees? - That's kinda  what I was thinking. - Jordan needs to be heard. If everybody would have listened  to her in the first place, we would not be having  to scramble at the last minute to finish this challenge. Maybe my team isn't  as strong as I thought. - This is your final hour, guys,  final hour. ¶ ¶ - I ran out of blacks.  - Say what? - I ran out of blacks. - Take a couple of blacks  out of here. You can replace that  with the blue, and then that may give you enough to just transition out a little bit more. - Very low on black. You want to just go brown and see if the Midwest  has any black? - I ain't scared of that. Do you guys have  any leftover black? - Yeah, we do.  What you need? - Two or three? - Yeah, two or three would be great. See, it pays to be nice.  - Right? We're good.  We got you. - No. - Jason, I found all this black. - Yeah.  - [laughs] - I hate alliances.  [laughter] You can tell that  that alliance is getting really tight between  East and Midwest. South is the smallest team, so we really gotta keep  an eye out for these guys. Shit. - Five, four, three, two, one. That is it.  Time is up. - Yeah! - This is my house, bud.  [laughter] - They didn't think  that two people were gonna be able  to cover a fence. - [bleep] this shit.  - Oh, yeah. ¶ ¶ - All right, guys, it is now  time to critique your work. East, you're up first. - From a distance,  the pixelation really works out well  because the clouds look soft, the lightning looks rigid,  and the hot air balloon definitely looks like  it's getting thrust about. - There's contrast  within the balloon itself with the red, white, and blue. Even in the basket,  the darker blue next to the lighter blue is an example  of contrast within blues. - You guys did a great job.  - Aw, yeah. - I think we got  a great critique, dude. [tense musical sting]  - Why you guys look so mad? - Oh, we're not mad.  - We're not mad. - Oh, okay. - But, like, ours is way more dynamic. - Yeah. - South, you're next. - I think this does show  a lot of contrast. I like the white outline  around all of the imagery. It brings everything forward. It gives it more life  and more vibrance. - The vintage video game motif-- very strong,  very bold, very legible. And picking a design  that works well in the pixelated medium  is genius. - Good thing we planned  the background. - I know. Fast hands. - Yeah.  - Fast hands. - All right,  Midwest, you're up. - Looking for contrast,  you really hit it. You hit it  with black and white. You also go really bright  with the bright purple, bright pinks,  the bright greens, the grays and the whites,  so it's a little more playful. It's a little more fun.  Everything stands out legible. - You lay out a subject,  a middle ground, a background. I'm pretty impressed. - All you guys spoke up and  we made something [bleep] cool. Check it out real quick.  Look at every face over there. No one's [bleep] happy.  - [laughs] - I love it.  I [bleep] love it. - All right, West,  you're next. - I do like the idea  that you guys came up with, but your figure  is hard to read. - Is that not the job  of the chameleon? - To be camouflaged?  - To be hard to read. - In this case, it is. I just wish you went a little  bit simpler in your chameleon so that it was  straight-up legible. - [bleep], we just went  a little too detailed. - Judges, it is time  to determine the winner of this  flash challenge. - Man, I really like the South, the East, and the Midwest. - All three except the West.  - Except for the West. - I don't like the West. - A small team smashed  the big teams today. - I agree.  - Smashed them. - Jason, stop talking.  - There's no contrast in that. - Shut--  - I just don't-- - Not today.  - Where's the contrast? - Jason's just overcompensating  for his small team. - I like the balance in the East  and I like the imagery. I think it's a cool story and  as much as I like the Midwest, you have three panels,  basically, and one panel  has no interaction with the other two. - But they put so many  different elements-- a lot of detail with a hard medium to pull off detail. My vote is for the Midwest. - [bleep]. - I'm gonna go with the East. ¶ ¶ - I'm looking at the art  that speaks to me the most, that I think is the most  outside of the box. My vote is for the Midwest. - [bleep].  - Oh, shit. - The judges have decided  the winner of the flash challenge  is the Midwest. - [bleep], [bleep].  - Thank you. - Congratulations, guys. As a team,  you'll have the power to assign all human canvases  in the elimination tattoo. - Oh, you bet your ass  we will. - We just called Frank out  on his bullshit tattoo, and he took offense to it, and they're gonna come at us  full-bore now. - You can all head back  to the loft. - Thank you.  - Thank you. - I'm so [bleep] angry. - Karma's a bitch, West,  and we're coming for you. - I'm excited for you guys.  You are [bleep]. - I'm just hoping my team  is bracing for impact. - Do you know how hard  that is? - Happy to have an alliance  with you guys. Congratulations  on the flash challenge. [together] Thank you. - The West is definitely  on our radar this time around. - Yeah, we're not gonna  play nice with them. - Yeah, they took an opportunity to throw me under the bridge,  you know? - Right.  - So that was a definite hit. - Nobody in this place  trusts the West. - There's some really big egos  over there, and today, like, our main goal is to just  make them sit down. - And that's the thing,  is they're gonna eat themselves from the inside out--  we just gotta help them do it. ¶ ¶ - Welcome to the elimination  tattoo. Based on your work, one of you will lose your shot  at the title of Ink Master. Remember, each of the judges  still has the power to pardon one artist,  saving them from elimination. - Could have used that  last time. - Seriously.  - Right? - Today you must tattoo  neon lights. - Oh, my...  [all murmuring indistinctly] - Do you know how hard  that is? - A neon light tattoo  is showing the illusion of a glow  on somebody's skin, so the only way  you can make the illusion is having  a heavy amount of black and a very light  source of color. - Anybody that can't blast color  in is gonna have problems. - If you have  solid saturation of color and the bright contrast, then you can make  your tattoo as bright and illuminating as possible. - Yeah, that's way harder  than it sounds. - Make it bulletproof  because from here on out, somebody that you don't expect  to go home will. I promise you.  Fight hard. - All right. - Remember, the artist whose  team wins tattoo of the day will select one other team  to form the jury of peers, and together,  both teams will deliberate and put one artist up  for elimination. - We gotta work for that. - Let's meet your canvases. ¶ ¶ Midwest,  you won the flash challenge. You now have the power  to assign the human canvases. - Everybody's used to  the Midwest being really nice, but the gloves are coming off. Karma's a bitch, West,  and we're coming for you. - I want a red and green, blue and yellow neon sign  of a dragon. - Lots of color. - How many colors are we doing?  All the colors? Yeah, let's [bleep] make  a rainbow out of that dragon. - A biomechanical skin rip with  machine parts on the forearm. - That's not easy, bro.  [indistinct chatter] - A realistic female warrior  with neon dragon armor. - Dragon armor.  - Dragon armor? I don't even know  what the hell that means. - An illustrative silhouette of a fortune teller  with a neon crystal ball. - Like, a colorless  straight-up dinosaur wearing a neon light  Hawaiian shirt in front of a retro wave  beach background. - Damn, that's so sick. - I'm looking for  a Native American skull with neon light headdress  and feathers. - Oh, my [bleep] God. - What? - A whole [bleep]  headdress of neon? [bleep] that. - So let's talk about what  we would like first. - [whispering]  I'm excited for you guys. You are [bleep] today.  - [bleep]. What a good time  for us to be sworn enemies  with the Midwest, on the day that  they have skull picks... - Dragon.  - Thank you. - On neon lights day. - Native American headdress  with a skull? - Mm-hmm.  - Okay. - I'm just hoping my team  is bracing for impact. - Which one?  Come on, come on, come on. - Looks like they're confused  right now. - That one? - Make a decision, Jordan. - Who do we have left? - Don't [bleep] it up. - Here you go. ¶ ¶ - All right, canvases,  one by one, please read the artist's name  on the bottom of your skull. - Frank.  - I'm ready. - Jordan.  - Right here. - What's that one? - Bob.  - Yeah. Dragon tattoo?  I got that one in the bag. I like dragons. I thought you guys were gonna  try to [bleep] me over. - The illustrative dinosaur wearing a Hawaiian shirt. - Hiram.  - I got you, brother. [gasps]  That's so nice of you guys. - Warrior woman. Raul.  - Maybe. - Raul. - I told you.  - Yeah, boy. - What the [bleep]? I wasn't the one talking shit  to the Midwest. Why the [bleep]  you coming at me? - K.  - Hi. - Kelly. - Jordi. - Angel.  - Hey. - I've never done biomech.  I've never done neon. Bring it on.  What else have I not done? I'm kind of excited,  honestly, yeah. - Jerrel. - Hey. - Jason.  - Yeah, got you. - Jason's gonna  [bleep] kill that. - This is the headdress one. - Jimmy.  - Yup. [bleep].  That's not the one I wanted. - Jessa.  - Hi. Why don't we just  have a challenge of who can pack their  [bleep] station soonest? - You can have a game plan  all you want with who you're gonna take care of  and who you're gonna go after, but then what happens? Dave Navarro  tells you it's neon day, and all that shit  goes out the window. [exhales]  I was not expecting that. - Okay, artists,  you'll have six hours to demonstrate contrast  by tattooing neon lights. - [exhales]  - Good luck. - How's it going? - I got some pretty cool ideas  already in mind. - Cool. - This is scary  right out of the gate. - I just gotta figure out how to do the headdress  'cause it's a lot. - You've gotta figure out  a way to put heavy darks in this design  so that your neon is the contrast  and does stand out. - If you wanna do the-- the, like, super bright neon, it might be smarter to go where it sees less sun. - For this challenge, there's  more ways to [bleep] it up than there is to do it right. This could be a shit show. - You want a realistic warrior,  right? - Yes. - With your dragon  and all that stuff? That's, like,  a two or three-session tattoo. - Yes.  - So we need to compromise. I got the hardest ask  in the room. - I don't like  a lot of the Japanese armor. - Mm-hmm. - I don't like the whiskers on. - Mm-kay.  - Those sorts of things. - My canvas is putting all these  parameters on my dragon now. I mean,  what the [bleep] is this? Online dating?  You can't be that specific. - I don't want orange  and I don't want yellow. - When I make it through this, I'm not gonna forget this,  Midwest. - Did Jimmy not get one of the hardest things out there? I feel like he definitely got one of the hardest ones. - Yeah, he did.  - Shit. - He feels like  he's [bleep] right now. - Oh, I bet  he's super stressed. - Neon headdress--  how am I gonna do that? There's so many  different feathers. I'm gonna have to have darks  on the outsides of all these. I wanted to go with the simplest  tattoo I could on the line, and they gave that shit  to Jason, of all people. So, like, how would you do it  in traditional? - I'm just thinking traditional's  all about efficiency. - I might be in a lot  of trouble here. It's gonna have to be big. - Yeah.  I'm sorry, Jimmy. - [bleep]. - Did we just accidentally  [bleep] over Jimmy? - We probably did. ¶ ¶ - Okay, artists,  you have six hours to tattoo neon lights, and your time starts now. - All right. - Let's do this. - All right, man, this is gonna be your throne. - Today we're testing  the artists with neon tattoos-- not just a tube of neon  but light source tattoos. - I tried to keep it small.  - All right. - I'm gonna just kind of wing my color theory. - It looks frickin' dope. - Where there's light  on one side, there's shadow on the other, so these artists  have to grasp that and then use big,  bright color to demonstrate it. - I'm excited for the colors. - The hot pink and teal really  complement each other, yeah. - If you have any problems  or anything, just let me know, okay?  - Let's do it. [tattoo machine buzzing] ¶ ¶ - I was concerned  that the neon ball did not read enough as neon. I did have another idea of  a neon light of a crystal ball, like you would see outside of a fortune teller's business  or something. - Instead of it just  being glowing? - I have no idea  how you tattoo something and make it look neon. It's not something that I do. The ball didn't look  neon enough, so what if I just made  the crystal ball into a neon sign of a crystal ball? - I like the neon sign idea.  Yeah. - Okay. I know better than to do this, but I'm, like,  doubting myself and changing  my [bleep] game plan all up. - Five hours left, guys,  five hours remain. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machine buzzing] - Cool. All right, queen,  here we finally go. Better late than never. - I'm just trying to make sure  it meets the challenge. If I'm not careful, I'm gonna let the stress  completely overcome me. Sometimes the bigger the ask is,  the simpler you have to go. - What happened with that  alliance, buddy? - I know, right? - Well, I'm glad that y'alls  partnership is going good. [chuckles] - I just need to focus  on what I do. You just gotta be Jimmy Snaz. Just be Jimmy Snaz. ¶ ¶ - I had a funny feeling that  I would be doing some biomech. I've never done biomech  in my entire career, but the thing is,  it's a light source challenge. All black and gray is,  is light sourcing, and I think I might actually  have an advantage here. - Every time I got a tattoo,  I bring a general idea, and the artist  just takes it from there. - I think you end up getting  way better art that way. - Exactly. - Thank you, Midwest,  for this biomech tattoo because it actually gave me the perfect platform  to shine today. I'm on my game 100%. - Three hours to go, guys,  three more hours. ¶ ¶ - Did you normally draw, or did--  you went to school for it? - Oh, yeah,  I was always into it. My mom, she's really artistic,  and so she always allowed me to paint on my walls  as a kid and... - Oh, that's good. - She would, like,  take photos of them, and then we'd paint over them,  and I'd start--start again. - Start again?  That's cool. - My canvas wanted so much  in this tattoo. I got her to fold  on some of the elements that were gonna make it take  way too long. How many kids you have?  - Just one. - I've got three boys.  - Oh, wow. That's exciting.  - It's exciting. It's loud.  - [laughs] Yes. - Something I try to always  instill in my boys is, you may not always be happy  with what you're given, but you do your best, and that's exactly  what I'm doing right now. ¶ ¶ - Bob, can I turn real quick?  I'm sorry. - My canvas can't sit still. He's just moving around,  tossing and turning. - Man, my bad, Bob. - Are you kidding me, dude? I told you just get the head.  It would be done faster. If this guy doesn't  sit very well, then I'm gonna have  patchy saturation in my black, and therefore it's not gonna  have a very bright effect. - It's just that  one [bleep] part hurts. - Don't lie. It's the whole  tattoo that hurts. - [laughs]  Okay, Bob. You got me.  - [laughs] - You got me. - And that is two hours left. Two hours left, guys. ¶ ¶ [tattoo machine buzzing] - I thought I picked  a somewhat easy one, but I put  way too many bulbs on it. I'm trying to put in  all of these light sources, all of these dimensions, and I don't love  what's happening. ¶ Surviving somehow ¶ My eyes are just going crazy.  I'm gonna take a break. I am not a color artist, and I gotta pull off color  in the craziest way today. The farther I get in my tattoo,  the more worried I get. - Are you worried?  - Mm-hmm. - You shouldn't be. In a team aspect,  you're gonna gravitate to the person in the team  that is right there with you. That is Jordan for me.  What are you worried about? - Just all the shit  going on in it and where to put  all the reflections and-- - This is definitely  a tough challenge. Like, there's nothing easy  about this one. Jordan has always  been there with me mentally. We push each other,  so I'm kinda worried. I don't want to see Jordan  in the bottom at all. - Got me worried. - So you said you've only been tattooing for, like, five years? - Yeah. I was originally studying  aerospace engineering, and then I wanted to be a pilot.  - Oh, shit. - And then my cousin  was dating a tattoo artist, and I kinda  fell in love with it, so I switched my major  from engineering to art. I risked a lot  to go into tattooing because you're not  guaranteed to make money, but I wake up every day just  ready to do something I love. I used to do a lot of graffiti,  so I love color. I want to make sure  that all that work goes into this tattoo. Man, it looks like neon?  - No, it does look like neon. I mean, I've saw--I've seen  a lot of [bleep] ups today. ¶ ¶ - Five, four, three, two, one. That is it.  Machines down. Time's up.  No more ink. - This was definitely  not an easy tattoo to hit, but I'm very  [bleep] glad I did. - Thank you.  - Yeah. - Gave you a hard one  and you killed it. [laughs] - You did give me a hard one.  For real. - Win or not, I'm proud of it. - No, this came out amazing. - The skull picks did not go  how we planned. I'm not sure  if it was accidental or they just overlooked  or they didn't care. - It's a hard one.  - Dude. That [bleep] neon skull  with a headdress? Come on. - This thing is a mess. - This background, man.  - It's just muck. - You've gotta know that you're  putting yourself in jeopardy. ¶ ¶ - All right, so I wanna know  why am I being targeted? Am I considered a threat  or some shit? - Eh, I think  it was an easy ask. - An easy ask?  A color realism dragon warrior? - If I'm not mistaken, I got  neon-lit mandala and a rose. - You gave it to yourself.  - I know, because it was a hard ask, and I knew I could  [bleep] nail that shit. And I did.  - Debatable. You picked the hardest piece  for yourself and you might have  dropped the ball. - No. It's the brightest tattoo  in my opinion. - Nah, I feel like there was  brighter tattoos out there. - No, no.  - And I feel like maybe you guys targeted  some of your own teammates. - No, no, no, no. - We had more people that hit  the mark than the Midwest. - Who didn't hit the mark? - I felt like Jordan  didn't hit the mark. - How?  - It doesn't look illuminated. - I mean, I feel like there could have been  smarter decisions. - I feel like there could have  been smart decisions on a lot of people's parts. - There's a lot that are  gonna be in trouble. ¶ ¶ - Today you were being  tested on contrast with neon light tattoos. Let's see how you did.  West, you're up first. Angel.  [tense music] - Hey, guys. - The way that you create the glow on your piece is very nice. The brightest part,  there's nothing there. - You have solid black,  bright color, open skin,  and it shows contrast. - Thank you. - [bleep].  Solid. - Bob. - It definitely has  a neon look to it. You definitely  get a glow effect, but why wouldn't you use a more legible  dragon figure shape? The weird grizzly bear, standing dragon position  is very awkward. - Hiram. I like the use of color  in this drawing, but I don't see  the neon effect as much as I see  a tattoo with neon colors. - What's wrong with the tattoo  is your light source. The shirt that's the closest  to the neon is not lit. Remember where  the light comes from, and it's gonna make everything  in your tattoo make sense. ¶ ¶ - Raul. - You get a neon glow look, but I don't think  it looks like a helmet. It looks like  two separate thoughts that are cut and pasted over  the top of each other The sword kind of stops with these weird lines right  here and what's going on? It's just not a smooth fade. - This ask was [bleep]  over the top and-- - This was. This was a zinger for sure, man. It's just not  one cohesive design. - That was a tough one.  - East, you're up. Jessa. - [whispers] Go, Jessa. - Hey, guys. - Outlining the entire shape  in purple or lavender to create a glow  isn't a light source. It just doesn't make sense. Nothing in the drapery gets lit, and then the hand would have  light pushing out. Everything would have  light pushing out, so it would have  some form of radiance. Capturing radiance  is what you're missing here. ¶ ¶ - [sighs] - K. - The green fades  into the open skin, and it does create  a really nice glow, but background is a killer. It's a big chunky shape  for no reason. - You gotta draw interesting. This is not a drawing that's  gonna win the best of the day. You gotta know that you're  putting yourself in jeopardy. ¶ ¶ - [sighs] - Jimmy.  - All right. - The tattoo is very legible. As far as selling the idea that this thing  is lit up with neon, that one zigzag  in the headband does look like it's glowing. Your line work is very nice. Your color saturation and color blending  was also very nice. There's a lot of good aspects  to this tattoo. Thanks.  [whispers] Suck on that. ¶ ¶ - South, you're next. Jason. - You do capture a glow. The skull is glowing,  the tubes are glowing, but a lot of sloppiness  in the outline, a lot of sloppiness  in the shading, a lot of sloppiness  in the color. - I'm not a fan  of neon light tattoos. - Doesn't matter.  You still know how to outline. That has nothing  to do with neon. The Day of the Dead designs  just scribbled in everywhere-- I think it's a miss, man. ¶ ¶ - Jordi. - I'm not a fan of the way  this pink glow fades into all the other colors  around the outside of it. It's just muck. The kraken itself--  not a lot of detail. We're looking  for contrast, man. Make the kraken stand out. This thing is a mess. - [bleep]. - How you feeling? - Not good. - Midwest, you're next. Frank. - How we doing, fellas?  - I love the flamingo. I love the detail  that you put in that straw. - But this background,  man, is a killer. It's just so much cover-up. You gotta come up  with another solution. ¶ ¶ - Kelly. - Good afternoon, guys. - You didn't light source  your tattoo. If there was  this much lightning in this little space, then the house would  be reflecting the color. And just this big,  black teardrop shape with a couple of bites  taken out of it is doing nothing for the design. - Jordan. - The drawing on this  is really challenged. The perspective on the drawing  and then the size of the bulbs make the bat not a bat. A bat is this long. You have to capture  that somehow. - The red lights-- you've got murky shading  that makes it look brown. Doesn't look bright.  Doesn't look vibrant. It was just  the dumbed-down version of what this tattoo  could have been. - I liked it, Jordan. - Could be worse.  - Jerrel. ¶ ¶ - This one, for me,  is really rough. I'm trying to find out  where is the blue coming from 'cause there's no blue neon.  - I don't know. I was thinking about  if there's, like, a blue light illuminating  from the bottom but not on the tattoo. - But the blue is pushing up  on the neon, which is supposed to be pink. - Yeah. - It just looks like  a watercolor tattoo with a bunch  of cruddy white in it. [dramatic musical sting] - So I'm in the bottom. - Most of us did. - All right, guys,  time to determine who had the best tattoo  of the day. The first and only tattoo  that jumps out as one cohesive, bright, strong,  solid tattoo is Angel's for me. - Angel had light sourcing  wrapping around-- shooting around--I mean,  it's a well-thought-out plan. - And it's one of the simplest  tattoos of the day. Hands down.  No contest. Angel. - The judges have decided  the best tattoo of the day goes to Angel. - Yeah, girl.  - It's pretty exciting. I'm not gonna lie.  [bleep]. - That means the West will form a jury of peers  with one other team. - Let's see.  [indistinct whispering] - [indistinct whispering] - Angel,  which team do you choose? - The East. - Wow.  - That's a plot twist. - All right,  the West and the East will form the jury of peers. You must deliberate and put  one artist up for elimination. Head back to the loft. [dramatic music] ¶ ¶ - I think we both have a big chance of going home tonight. - And it sucks because,  like, for me, it's so much deeper than  just, you know, a bad tattoo. Art pretty much saved me  from a lot of things. Out of everything in my life, art was the only thing  that I had control of. It was my escape for the pain  that I was going through. - I've dedicated my whole life  to art too. I always take care  of everybody else. It's always,  "Someone needs help." I've never done anything  like this for myself, and I didn't come all the way  to New York to go home. - We have so much to show, and that's why we gotta  be here as long as we can. - I just hope that  we're not standing down there next to each other. - Yeah, me too. - You deserve to be here, and I don't want  to see you go home today. - And I don't want  to see you go home. ¶ ¶ - All right, guys,  we're here as the jury of peers to determine who we're all  gonna send to the bottom. - What are we doing here? - We just got handed  all of the worst canvases. - And you guys got handed a couple of the worst canvases  as well. - This is a offering  of solidarity I hope you don't forget. - I would like  to volunteer myself just based on, like,  my artistic integrity. - I know that we're artists and  we're hard on ourselves, Jessa, but this is not  the worst tattoo in the room. The blue in Jordi's tattoo is not as good  as the blue in yours. The drawing of Jordi's tattoo  is not as good as yours. The neon in Jordi's tattoo  is also not as good as yours. - What about Jordan's bat? - Yes, it has shortcomings  in the design and perspective, but I feel like  it hits the challenge a lot more than Jerrel. He went for watercolor  over neon. It doesn't have  a lot of contrast in it. - Well, think about this. What if you vote down Jerrel, assuming that Jessa's gonna be  in the bottom and assuming that Jordi's gonna be in the bottom,  but then all of a sudden, somehow it mixes up, and Jordi isn't  in the bottom anymore. Now you're putting that up  against Jessa. - Jerrel has such a sense  of false confidence. Truthfully, I'd love to see him  in the bottom, but I am kind of pushing  for Jordi because it's genuinely  the worst tattoo. - I do agree with you with that. Why not weaken the South  even more? Just make it Jason. ¶ ¶ - So today  we're testing contrast with the neon light tattoos. We had a pretty hard outing. - Raul's tattoo, man-- I don't understand  the illustration. The little horse-looking dude  on top-- he just wants to play, not to mention the hilt  and the blade don't line up. - Who else struggled today? - Jordan's tattoo really shows  just a lack of everything. The legibility of what this  is supposed to be is off. - Looks like a juggling pin. - Well, we're looking at a day  for neon colors, and then we come  to Jordi's tattoo, which shockingly lacks  very much color at all. - This one looks really muted. It looks like it's already  aged about five years. The fight for the bottom is big. - The West and the East  are deliberating right now, and they are gonna put up  an artist for elimination, so that could  mix things up for us. - I'm so nervous. - I think we're all nervous. I'd say there's  a lot of candidates. - Not a good day. [door slams] ¶ ¶ - All right, jury of peers, which artist are you sending  down for elimination? - The jury of peers  has decided to put Jordi up for elimination. - All right, in the bottom,  we'll see Jordi, Raul... ¶ ¶ And Jordan. See you all downstairs. - [laughs] - Man, now I feel like  I'm gonna [bleep] cry. - Holy shit.  - Holy shit, dude. - What did I tell you, Jessa? - I'm [bleep] confused, and I'm pissed off  that Jordan's down there. [bleep] fight.  - I'll do my best. - You already promised me  you were gonna fight. - Oh, I'ma definitely  fight to the end. - Let's get it over with. - Let's move. ¶ ¶ - Today you were being  tested on contrast. Based on your work, one of you will be packing  your machines. Angel, why did the jury of peers  vote Jordi to the bottom? - We disliked the drawing. We disliked the application, and we didn't think there was  a whole lot of contrast in it. - Man, it sucks  being voted down. I do think I hit the challenge  with the neon. - Your illustration has a look  that looks like neon, but as far as the application, that attempt  to show this underwater view-- it just didn't pan out. - But I didn't really think I had the worst tattoo of the day. I feel like Raul's  didn't hit the challenge. - I keep getting targeted  with these crazy asks and I don't know whether to take it as an insult or a compliment. - The helmet--it's, like, three times bigger  than her head. - But is it a helmet?  - That's the whole thing. Everything's debatable  on to what it is. - I mean, I think  I clearly showed contrast. - I think that I hit contrast. I decided to design this  really simple, and I know now that  that was a mistake. - Simple is great if it's clean. - I just think the bat and  Raul's are prettier tattoos. - Are you gonna look at that bat and know that's a bat  right out of the box? - I think it's an illustration  of a bat. - It looks like a glass.  It looks like a pin. It looks like anything  but a baseball bat. - It doesn't look like a bat, but application, for me,  Jordan is safe. - She is not safe.  That is not good shading. That is not good brown color  from off the black shading. The line of the bat  doesn't even line up on the left side where it goes  behind the red bulb. These two lines do not meet. For me,  those fundamental challenges are why my vote's for Jordan. - Seeing the three  of these things together, the one that has the least  amount of contrast to me is Jordi. - I dislike that kraken  immensely, but to pick a baseball bat that's not a baseball bat  is equally... - I got weird with it. - Bad decision.  I know. It's hard,  but my vote's for Jordan. - The judges have decided. Jordan, you do not have  what it takes to be Ink Master. - You've done some great tattoos  in this competition. We know you have great skill.  Everybody falls. - Please pack your machines  and close shop. - Thank you. ¶ ¶ [sniffles] This was the most  independent thing I've ever done for myself. Coming from little Idaho  to New York to be a part of this competition  was equally the hardest and the best thing  I've ever done. I really hope  that one of my dudes from the Midwest takes it home. ¶ ¶ announcer: On the next episode  of "Ink Master"... - I'm pissed.  Now that she's gone, everybody better  [bleep] be ready. - Every hour, you must switch  tattoos within your team. - Round robin. - Beyond pure chaos.  - Ooh. - There's a whole new  Jerrel coming. Watch out.  I'm not playing any games. - You're the strongest  on the team. Is it fair that you now have to  go down as the weakest artist? - I don't have  a best of the day. No one team busted out. - Oh, [bleep].  What happens now? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 