Ink Master: Season 13, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ink Master 
 s13e4 - Battle Lines - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ink Master (2012–…): Season 13, Episode 4 - Battle Lines - full transcript 
 The artists must rely on the strength of their teamwork and line work in a painstaking test of legibility. The Turf War intensifies for $100,000 and the title of Ink Master. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  male announcer: On the last  episode of "Ink Master".... - Today, we are moving directly  into a tattoo marathon. - A marathon?  - Oh, shit. announcer:  Safety was on the line as teamwork was put  to the test. - Just try and take some  deep breaths, all right? - Gripping somebody like that  is not a strategy. - Let me just do it. Let me just do it. - Are you sure? - I want you guys  to leave me alone. I really need them  to [bleep] off. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - It's like these moments  when you actually realize that less on the team is better 'cause there's not so many pains. - S-some anatomical issues  over there. - I mean, should I use  your boobs as reference? - I mean, mine might be more  symmetrical than those boobs. - Judges have decided. Midwest and West...  - [sighs] - You are safe  from elimination. - That's awesome. narrator:  The South and the East had one last chance  for survival. - Let's tat some fairies. - It's getting ready  to get real. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - My bottom picks  all living in the South. - Mike and Patrick, that's the big battle  right there. - Drawing for drawing, I'd rather have Patrick's  girl on the moon. - Looks too beat, man. - Patrick, you do not  have what it takes to be Ink Master. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ announcer: 16 artists remain, but only one will earn the $100,000 prize and the title of Ink Master. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ - Well, that was crazy.  - I'm very shocked. Patrick is a great tattooer. - This is a competition,  it's a lot of pressure. It's not tattooing at home. - It's that mental game. - You can have one bad day  and you're out. - Yep.  - Yeah, it's scary. - None of us  can ever feel safe. - Well, it was definitely  a blow for our team going down  to only three members. Now it's gonna--we're gonna  have to work even harder just to keep up  with everybody else. - Tell me about it.  Welcome to the jungle. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Welcome. To outlast your competitors,  you must be a strong artist, and sometimes rely  on the strength of your region. - We do that well.  - We do. - We do that very well. - Once again,  for this flash challenge, you will win or lose as a team. - This week, we are testing... legibility. - Legibility is being able  to read a design and recognize immediately  what it is. If you have a question mark,  then you don't have legibility. - Today, you must  create a design on an 8-foot by 12-foot canvas one strand at a time. both: What? - Strands of what? - In these buckets are over 120 miles of various colors of yarn. - Oh, shit. That's one hell of a scarf. - How many grandmas  you round up to get all this yarn? - You must strategically  stretch and pull each strand of colored yarn  from nail to nail, bringing an impressive and  legible work of art to life. - [bleep].  - Forget Ink Master. With all this yarn, I could be  the next Knit Master. Sweaters for everybody. - Today's challenge  is legibility. We have to know what it is  on the spot. - You got a lot  of bright colors on a black background,  lot of contrast. Think smart.  Think creative. - Oh, that's gonna be  painstaking. - Win this challenge, and your team  will have the power to assign  all of the human canvases in the elimination tattoo. - We definitely need that now. - You'll have six hours, and your time starts... now. - Okay.  - All right. - All right, let's see  what we got here. - For this flash challenge,  we're judging legibility. - Do you guys--have got ideas? - I thought  of a big pair of sunglasses and then something in them. - Maybe the words "East"? - Is that too simple?  - Could be. - These artists have a lot  of different colors of yarn to use,  so picking the right colors that are gonna  bounce off this background and make a legible image  is tough. - Okay, [bleep].  - Bright colors. I was thinking maybe  doing something like a neon,  like, [bleep] flamingo. Maybe, like, art deco-ish. - I mean, we're short  two team members. So whatever we do,  it's gotta be simple. - If these strings  don't line up right, it's gonna get messy. - We could do a lantern  with a candle. - [bleep], could actually  really [bleep] sell a lantern. - We could.  - Do it! - What came to mind  to me immediately was to do, like, a big eyeball with, like, radiating rays  coming off. - If you present just that... - But it's not  creativity day, man. It's legibility day.  - That is way more basic. - It's not, like,  complexity day-- - We're losing time. - We could still do it  [bleep] big. - Or a UFO.  - I like the UFO, yeah. - I mean,  it's already got that shape. - That tells a story.  Let's do the [bleep] UFO. - I still don't like it,  but I like it better. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ - [bleep].  I draw pictures for a living. There's a reason  why I'm not a handyman. ♪ ♪ God, I wish I could hammer  like you. - It's the only reason I was born, was to hammer. - Jerrel and this  [bleep] hammer, man. ♪ ♪ Doosh-doosh-doosh-doosh. Mesmerizing. - He's batting 100 right now. - We're one of the biggest  teams in the competition, and we wanna keep it that way. To me, the main focus  is trying to beat the West. So we gotta move.  We gotta get it done. I'm the one moving constantly picking up the slack  for everybody. - Man, I'm not vibing  with anything. - Everybody's getting down. They're hammering  their nails in. It sounds like a goddamn  construction site around here and we're sitting here  doodling on paper. Doodles don't win. We gotta  get this thing rolling. - Five hours left! ♪ ♪ - So you know what we could do? We could take the white  and we could stretch it out and we could double it up and give us  a big, fat, white outline. - Perfect. - Team South is suffering  a big loss right now with Patrick gone,  but if there's any team in flash challenges  that makes us feel better about ourselves,  it's definitely East. The East design sucks. Oh, lettering. Nothing says "legible" more than lettering. - That's true. Sometimes you gotta  spell it out for 'em, you know? East is gonna take it home. You just kind of write it out. - Probably not.  - "East wins." - Ugh.  - Three hours. Three hours left, guys.  Halfway there. ♪ ♪ - See how this one goes  one to one, one to one, one to one? It's 'cause this one--  the spacing between these two is a little bit different. - It matters. - Bob is Mr. Systematic.  He likes to take charge. He likes to let everybody know  how he wants it done, and once he has an idea  in his head, he commits. Yeah, I think you're good now. - No, this get us--  this is a smaller gap. - I don't think so.  - It is. It's a smaller gap by an inch.  I measured it. I just measured it. People might bust my balls  and call me a robot, but, hey, this challenge  was meant for one. - Are these right?  - No. - No.  - This is 6 1/2. If we don't have  precise measurements, our design is gonna lack  in legibility. Every last detail counts, guys. - One final hour, guys. This challenge  has one hour remaining. ♪ ♪ - Starting to get paranoid that  we're not gonna finish this. - Positivity. - It's true, Jess. - We're all in this  situation together and we're rolling through it. I just wanna radiate beauty  and power and [bleep], like, positivity. - Thanks for the reminder. - ♪ Positivity is key, queen ♪ - We can do it. - I just need to  get up into the "A." - Hurry, hurry it up. - Five... four, three... - [grunts]  - Two, one. That is it! Challenge is officially over! [upbeat rock music] - It lines up...  both: Perfectly. - Yeah, the perspective is great. - Your landscape is the  same color as your background. - This little tiny planet  has more saturation than your entire piece, and you dare to come over here  to talk shit? [all chattering, laughing] ♪ ♪ - Okay, artists,  time to critique your work. Midwest, you're up. - It's very legible. What really,  really shines for me is this very structured  pattern of the yarn from nail to nail. Just looks purposeful. - What I like about this  is the way that you guys create more depth in the darker side  by adding more yarn, and the flying glass  is a nice added touch. - Dope. - I got nothing bad  to say about it. - Damn.  - Yeah, [bleep]. - All right, South. I really like the  white outline on this thing. It really  brings the bird forward. - Definitely stands out  as being legible as what it's supposed to be. I do wish  the green and the pink were in a specific pattern so that it looked more uniform. - When is Jason gonna stop  throwing triangles in things and calling it "creative"? - That's what he does--  geometry. - West, you're next up. - The stark contrast between the figure you have  in the foreground with the white behind it  plays really well. I like the color play.  I like the legibility. The detail in the stars  where the yarn is very meticulously put  in a pattern stands strong. Came out super cool. - Awesome. I'm proud of us. - Killed it, guys.  Killed it. - I still think  we're gonna pull it out. - East, you're next. The yellow against the black  stands out loud and strong. What doesn't stand out loud  and strong is the lettering. - I'd love to see a lot more attention to detail  in the letters. I just feel like it's a little  bit of an incomplete thought. - Honestly, I felt like they just didn't play it smart. - Yeah. - Okay, judges, it is time to determine the winner  of the flash challenge. - For me, the two that shine  are the West and the Midwest. - I think our piece is more dynamic. We bring perspective. We bring saturation in every single element. - Yeah, but the coolest part about your piece is the stars, and your stars are exactly what our lantern is. - That grid that we did  on the bottom is just amazing. That thing is just flawless. - My favorite one is the West. I love the grid. I love the outline  of the mountains. I vote for the West.  - All right. - Awesome. - For me, the creativity  that the Midwest brings and the technical aspect  of it-- and actually showing  the broken glass does create movement for me. I'm gonna go Midwest. - Thank you.  - Thanks, Chris. - Based on coverage,  based on playing smart... [dramatic music] - My vote is for the West. - Yes. - Damn it. - The judges have decided the winner of this  flash challenge is the West. - I'm so glad that we're here.  - Congratulations, West. As a team,  you'll have the power to assign  all the human canvases in the elimination tattoo. - Oh.  - Thank you. - Team West and the Midwest  are the only two teams of five. So they're pretty much  gonna have to fire us. It's gonna suck. - You can all head back  to the loft. both: Thank you.  - Oh, my God, guys. - Yeah, that's what  I'm talking about. ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] - They look  proud of themselves. - They do.  - They're coming after Midwest. - Frank.  - I'm ready. - Oof. - I thought  you guys were in good standing? - Damn. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ - It's a great time  to have the advantage. - Midwest has been kind of stealth the whole time. all: Yeah. - Trying to stay out of shit, and I feel like they've got it coming next. - The target right now is the Midwest. - It's a win-win. - I think that we should  expect to be tested today. - We need to take every advantage that we can get. With the East, you have an eight-person alliance. There's always strength in numbers. - There's a pretty good chance that in any scenario, one team that we are friendly with could be in the jury of peers. - Right. - And we could use that to our advantage. - Right, 'cause I definitely  don't see the West teaming up with the South, so-- - So bringing the East along, helping them when they need it, that's making us as strong as we can be together. - That's a solid plan.  - It is. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ - Welcome to  the elimination tattoo. This is your chance to prove  that you deserve $100,000, feature in "Inked" magazine,  and the title of Ink Master. - That's why I came. - Today, you must create... a schematic tattoo. - "Schematic"?  - A what? - What is that? What the [bleep]  is a "schematic tattoo"? Does this look like a guy  that went to college? - I don't even know  what that means. - I've done them before. A schematic is just basically breaking an object down  into its parts. It's like a blueprint.  - Shit. - When I think  of the word "schematic," I think of a diagram. Make sure what fits together  and how it assembles is true to the way  that it would fit together. That's the test here. - It will be a lot of linework, and it needs to stay legible. It needs to look like what  it's supposed to look like. - I still don't understand. - Remember, the team whose  artist wins tattoo of the day will select one other team  to form the jury of peers. Together,  both teams will deliberate and put one artist up  for elimination. - We gotta get that  tattoo of the day. - Hmm.  - Let's meet your canvases. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ West, you won  the flash challenge. You now have the power  to assign the human canvases. - Ready guys?  - Yeah. - Go for it. Today, the main goal  is making sure that we have tattoo of the day  and no one goes home. - How you doing, man? What do you want to get? - Black-and-gray schematic  of a car motor. - Oh. We want to make  the Midwest uncomfortable and let Jason know  that we still hate him. - Black and yellow  schematic sport bike with a city skyline. - Oh. First of all,  yellow's a terrible idea. Second of all,  he wants way too many elements in one tattoo. - Schematic vintage globe  with watercolor continents. - What?  - Wow. - Watercolor doesn't go  with a schematic tattoo. - I'm not tattooing continents. Plain and [bleep] simple. - A schematic hot-air balloon with watercolor elements  on my thigh. - Watercolor.  What is with watercolor? - Black-and-gray schematic  of a tiger face on my sternum. - What? How do you do a schematic  of a tiger face? - You want to put it  on your sternum? No, not today.  Not here. No way. - A black-and-gray schematic  military knife on my-- - Ooh, that's a good one. - A biological  and robotic spine on my spine. - Oh, shit.  - What the hell? - The spine is a tough spot  to tattoo. It hurts a lot.  I don't want it. - Do our--  - Do ours first, yeah. - I'm so excited.  - Awesome. - Let's do it. - I know team West is gonna be  gunning for us today because if we lose teammates  on the Midwest, it makes the West stronger. - The watercolor?  - Yes. - And having so many bad ones  on the line, they could probably shoot  at our entire team. - They look proud  of themselves. - Right?  - They do. - Canvases, one by one, please read the artist's name  on the bottom of your skull. - Hiram.  - Let's do it, brother. - Kelly.  - Perfect. - Money.  - Whoo. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ - Jordan.  - That's me. Bob, I didn't  do anything to you. Why did you  give me the motorcycle? That's just rude. - I bet they give it to Arlene  'cause it's easy. - Arlene. - Hey, man.  - Smart play. - Raul. - Bob.  - Let's build a robot. - It's gonna be  a self-portrait. - Jessa.  - Hey. - What is this one? ♪ ♪ - Jason.  - Yep. Sweet. - [laughs] She wants black and gray  with pops of color. That's easy. - Jake.  - 'Sup, dude. [bleep]. I definitely got  thrown the grenade today. - Damn. - Angel.  - Right here. - K.  - Hi. - Jimmy. - Jordi.  - Yes. - Frank.  - I'm ready. - Oof. - I thought  you guys were in good standing? - I knew it was gonna happen. - It was the globe, wasn't it? - Globe, yes,  with watercolor continents. - Oh, yeah. - Jerrel.  - Man. - They're coming  at the Midwest. - I definitely knew the West  was gonna come for us, but Midwest, we don't give up. We're here for the fight. I'm not worried  about any of us. [both laugh] - You will have six hours  to demonstrate legibility creating a schematic tattoo. Good luck. - I'm Jessa.  Nice to meet you. - Let's go to my station.  It's right over here. - Today,  in a schematic tattoo, we're looking for the cleanest,  strongest outlines with the best application to show us the construction  or deconstruction of the item. - So it's schematic day.  - Yes. - So whatever we do, the linework has to show. - These tattoos  don't have anywhere to hide. If you're doing something  that's a diagram, then everything has to fit. - I'd like a hot-air balloon...  - Okay. - With some  nice watercolor through it. - Cool. Team West gave me  ten pounds of shit in a five-pound bucket, and that's just a nail  in the coffin. I'm totally into it, but, like, as far as size goes, the more watercolor we kind of do, the smaller it's gonna have to get. That is, it's not gonna be, like, just, like, watercolor everywhere. But I feel like  team West underestimated that Midwest charm. - We're doing tiger head.  - On my sternum, yes. - Okay, I'm not here to talk you out of it, but it is a more difficult area... - I know.  - To get tattooed. Is it a solid idea, or is there room-- - So if I change the placement, I want to  change the subject as well. - Okay. - Okay, so this is  a sports bike. - Yep.  - Okay. It's like I have to  do a crash course on how to put together  a sports bike. - The side profile would, like, work best. Are you open to that? - I'd rather do  a little bit of an angle. - Okay.  - Now, the skyline-- - Oh, there's a skyline in there too. I forgot about that. It's not gonna happen. I'm freaking out right now. ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] - How you doing, Arlene? - I'm just trying  to figure out-- how can I make this  look schematic? - Huh.  - 'Cause it is just a knife. - A knife is kind of one piece. Are there any, like, switchblade type stuff, or is it-- - He wants this specific knife. It's a Marine Corps  fighting knife. I'm struggling with the design because there aren't very many  parts of the knife. I need to somehow  make this look more complex  than it really is. It doesn't fold.  Nothing--it's just knife. - It's like one piece. I didn't think of that. - I didn't either.  I was like, "[bleep]." Sometimes the most simple  tattoos are the hardest ones. ♪ ♪ - Artists, you have six hours to create a schematic tattoo, and your time starts... now. - Let's do this. - All right, so I'm gonna  have you stand right here. - Okay. - The one thing about  these schematic drawings is: there's no place to hide. You're looking at  just the outline, and it's a technical drawing. If you don't do it perfect,  it's gonna fall apart. [tattoo guns buzzing] - I think I just noticed it's facing the wrong way. The blade should be on this side. - If we flip it, then it's not  true to the knife. - Yeah, it is.  - I don't know about that. - I know about that. [laughs] - No, I know you do,  but I'm saying, like, there's also rules  to what we do. - Yeah, but my left arm...  - Right. - Is this way. [laughs] - I could just flip it around. Your tattoo.  It's permanent. [both laugh]  I'll just flip it. Just give me like two minutes.  - Yep. - All right, Amber,  you about ready? - Do it.  - All right, here we go. ♪ ♪ - I think that West is trying  to shake me up thinking that  it's gonna be hard because it's a lot of circles. This thing has some pretty bold-ass lines on it. So...  - Yeah, it looks really good. - The circle has to be smooth. It can't have any bumps and it has to connect exactly  where it's supposed to connect. I've been tattooing for a while, but it wasn't until eight years ago that I could just finally, like--[bleep] everything else. - Yeah.  - Just tattoo. I really haven't been able  to shine here and show off myself. I'm a very strong tattooer,  and I'm gonna show that today. What's funny is, like, I make my own hours... - Mm-hmm. - But I work more hours than most people still. That's the best way to be. It's like, if you love something, do it. ♪ ♪ - Tattooing eight years and I've only ever had one other job, and so tattooing is pretty much all I know, which is trippy to think about. All I wanted to do  with this tattoo is show off my linework, and it is going the polar  opposite way. All those tiny lines. - Yeah, it's a lot  of detail there. - I can feel how soft  this guy's skin is and how easy it will be  to blow these lines out. - My only option  is to try to pull this off. This day sucks. - Artists, four hours to go. ♪ ♪ - Ooh, that's a cool piece.  - Thank you. When I saw everybody else's  I was like, "Oh, I could have  done this a lot easier. Damn it."  But that's not who I am. I've been obsessed with robots  since I was a kid, and I do a lot  of a biomechanical that involves a lot of  robotic structures and stuff. This is a total shoe-in for me. Almost there with the lines. Some dots and stuff left. Son of a bitch. Every three dots I do  blow out. Every other line I do  blows out. I don't understand  what's going on. - Am I sitting okay for you?  Any issues? - Oh, yeah, you're sitting great. It's just like, I'm a [bleep] perfectionist. This is a disaster. I am scared shitless right now. ♪ ♪ - Your skin doesn't like this  stencil at all. - No.  - It really [bleep] hates it. It's trying to get rid of it  on me. With all this skin, you don't know  what you're gonna get into. It's usually prone  to blowouts. It could just split open  on you. It's always thin.  So I'm playing it simple. Your outline's  pretty much done. I mean, yeah,  it doesn't need shading. I guess I'm just not used to having this much time  left over. Should I order a pizza? Maybe I'll mess around with it  on paper and see if there's  anything else that makes sense. I don't know if this thing  even reads as a schematic tattoo. My best chance is to zoom in on some of the details  that I already have there. Either way,  I'm taking a risk here. If do add it in  and I don't pull it off, I may not finish my tattoo. - Well, I mean,  you nailed it. [bleep], that's cool, though. - Yeah.  - Very cool, dude. - Thanks. We got Frank's approval. - Two hours to go.  You have two hours remaining. ♪ ♪ - Surprised you picked  that one. - I'm kicking myself  for picking something with all these gears. In retrospect, I think maybe the pocket watch  was a bad idea. The schematics were  kind of an afterthought, and it's probably gonna  come off that way. I know I can  do a super clean watch, and then I was like,  "Oh, yeah. It has, like,  a ton of gears inside." - Yeah, it's a schematic, man. - I got to pick this tattoo,  and now I look like a fool dropping the ball on something that I thought  was gonna be simple. ♪ ♪ - No matter who has skull pick  and what they give me, I'm going to  do a good tattoo, period. They thought that I was gonna  change the placement, but I was like, Nope." - Well, that's good, 'cause I wasn't gonna change the placement. [laughs]  - Yeah. I don't mind  tattooing the spine. You know, the west,  they just panic easy. There's like three people  on West side I didn't feel like  did all that good. Raul was hiding  some mistakes, Bob had the blowouts... - Yeah. - And Arlene,  for having skull pick, did do near as well as they should have today. ♪ ♪ - With the redness  and the swelling, I'll use witch hazel. It helps.  - Nice. - My canvas has skin tags  and moles all throughout his forearm, so my lines aren't as straight  as they usually are. I got my first tattoo, like,  the day I turned 18. - [chuckles] - And my mom was like,  "What is that?" I've come from a very strict  religious upbringing, and tattoos are definitely  not something you want to do. She's all, "That better be  a fake tattoo." And I'm like, "Oh, yeah, yeah. It's gonna--about to go  wash it off right now." My late brother, he passed  less than a year ago. He was really, like,  the only one who was very supportive. One of the last things  that he said to me-- he was like, "Arlene,  you should--you could win. Like, you can totally do that." I don't want to let him down. I want to be an inspiration  and honor my brother. ♪ ♪ - Five, four, three, two, one. That's it.  Machines down. Time is up.  No more ink. - All-righty,  looks like we are all done. - Awesome. Looks dope. - All right, man,  we're all set. Thank you.  - Oh, thank you. - We're all done. - Bob drew his  completely by hand, but there's, like,  a buttload of blowouts. - Ugh. - Don't stress nothing  you can't control now. - I know.  - Yeah, it's done. - The thing about it, just--  - You're going home, Bob. - I know.  - Yep. - It's not over  till it's over. We don't know that yet. Who knows? Jason could have  not done a schematic at all. ♪ ♪ - What I don't see  is a schematic. That is a mess. - There isn't a single part  of the tattoo that isn't challenged  with an outline. - Oh, shit. [suspenseful music] - Was the, uh, West  trying to target my team? You guys gave me  the hardest tattoo in the room. - I felt like you still didn't do the hardest tattoo in the room. - Well, I can't help it if I know how  to manipulate the situation. - Where's your schematic? - Let me hear more  from Bobby Blowout. - Those blowouts were barely there. - What? There was  like 30 of them, dude. - We will gladly  give you guys skull pick each and every time. - You guys targeted us and you ended up  [bleep] yourselves over. - I think we can all agree  that Wes gave Arlene the knife because it was the easiest  in the room. They just didn't know she was gonna  cut her own throat with it. - You know, the small dogs  are always the ones with the loudest bark. You're like a chihuahua.  A lot of this. ♪ ♪ - Today, you were being tested  on legibility with schematic tattoos. Let's see how you did. Midwest, you're up first. Jake. ♪ ♪ - I like the side of the skull  a lot. The way that you shade this,  it has that older feel. It has that journal feel. I like your letterings, and using the dashes  is also a good choice. It breaks up the chances  of a wobble in there. Overall, the quality  of your tattooing is very nice. ♪ ♪ - Frank. - All right. - You were able to create  an appealing tattoo and then work the schematic  into it. I love that concept. Your lettering  that says "cool" and your lettering  that says "heat," your arrows are very thin  but very consistent. - Every time I do a line, I think,  "Would Oliver like that"? [all laugh] - Good job, Frank. - Jerome. ♪ ♪ - Now I know that you can line. Your four circles  that go around the globe are really nice at  the thickness that you do 'em, and you keep them consistent. This color is saturated,  the blending is nice, and you made, literally, a beautiful piece of art  out of it. - Thanks. - [exhales sharply]  - Kelly. ♪ ♪ - This is one of the most  legible tattoos of the day, and I don't even really know what part  of the engine this is. - My canvas was a mechanic, and he wanted  an exploded piston. - Your use of light source  to show the dimension and proportions  of these things is a really, really nice touch. I'm really  super impressed with it. - Awesome, thank you. - Jordan. - There isn't a single part  of the tattoo that isn't challenged  with an outline. If we just look  at the bottom motorcycle, a lot of trouble getting those  smooth, clean, round circles. There's a section of the rim  where the line just... [hisses] And you just missed  that connection completely. Your linework has so many  inconsistencies here. It is a problem. - East, you're up. Jessa. - Hi, guys. - Your whole typewriter  looks really nice. Your keys look really nice.  I like that. Your fonts match, but the word  "typewriting machine" up top. it's pretty wonky. - Older typewriters, none of the keys  go on the same plane. - That's what we were  going for. - I actually like that. ♪ ♪ - Good job, Jess.  - Good job. - K. ♪ ♪ - It stands out very strong,  very clean, very legible, but the line  down the middle of the nose get thicker and thinner  as you go. The reason that's happening  is because in some areas, the needle's going deeper. - In other areas,  it's not going as deep. - You've gotta be able  to control that depth. ♪ ♪ - Jimmy. ♪ ♪ - What's up? - I really like the addition  of the revolver cartridge, and the "A" and "B"  really sells the point of what this challenge is. - I do like that  you went for it. It definitely needed it,  'cause if you would have just shown up with the tank, that would have been  definitely not good. ♪ ♪ - South, you're up next. Jason. ♪ ♪ - You leave  the vertebrae itself stark, and all of the dark background with the gears pushed forward. So straight, so clean. - We always harp on creativity. This is it. - You've got  the big field of black and then you've got some pink. I'm not dazzled. - I mean, it's--  it's linework day, and on linework day,  you don't want to crowd it-- - What we're looking for today  is a schematic, and what I don't see  is a schematic. - So he hates it, we love it. - Money Mike. ♪ ♪ - What's happening, fellas? - There's just a lot of  differences in that outline. The end of the horn  where it gets thick looks like you're going  in there to clean stuff up. You should have one  consistent line weight as opposed to  hiding a few bumps and making the whole tattoo  look inconsistent. ♪ ♪ - Jordi. ♪ ♪ - The realistic shaded plane and then this stripe  through the middle with the schematic  is very cool, but the call numbers  on the side of the plane, that is a mess. - When you start something and you see  it's not going well, don't continue on. ♪ ♪ - West, you're up next. Hiram. - Hello, guys. - You're crazy doing all these  little lines everywhere. This is one hell of a swing. - I know this guitar,  I have this guitar, and it looks like that. This is a badass tattoo, man. - Thank you. - Good job, man.  - Thank you. - Angel. ♪ ♪ - You do have challenges  in your linework. If you go into the front  of the body of the camera and you see where  the lens would go in, it doesn't look like  it's really gonna function because the shapes  are wavering so much. But you do pull off what looks like  a hand-drawn schematic. ♪ ♪ - Raul. ♪ ♪ - Fellas. - This schematic's  just confusing. It looks super cluttered. - It's so hard  to see what's going on. It looks like  the back of the watch is off and the shit's  just spilling out. ♪ ♪ - Arlene. ♪ ♪ - You have a lot of problems  with the linework here. The edge of the knife, that linework  jumps around like crazy. Then you have the 7-inch. That line is out of control. - His skin was  really difficult to deal with. - There's a way to put tattoos  in all kinds of skin, and you didn't get it  on this tattoo. ♪ ♪ - Bob. ♪ ♪ - This is the best drawing  of the day, man. I love all the pieces  coming apart, going different directions,  and showing different angles, but I lost count of blowouts  on this thing. Like, 40-something. - I felt like I just had  no control over it blowing out or not. I could go, like,  less than a millimeter in touching the skin and it would just  blow out immediately. - Blown out or not, I would  wear that [bleep] thing. It's badass. ♪ ♪ - All right, guys,  it's time to determine who had the best tattoo  of the day. ♪ ♪ - I liked Jason's tattoo a lot. - It's clean, it's cool,  it's creative. - For me, creativity, legibility, and cleanliness-- my vote's for Jerrel. Jerrel put on  a very strong outing. Really showed  a lot of consistency. ♪ ♪ - Today, I also will be  with Jerrel. - The judges have decided  the best tattoo of the day goes to Jerrel. - Thank you, guys. - That means the Midwest  will form a jury of peers with one other team. - We're gonna choose the East. - Cool. - All right, Midwest and East will form the jury of peers. You must deliberate and put one artist up  for elimination. You can all head back  to the loft. ♪ ♪ - It sucks to be on this chopping block. - Yeah. - That feeling like I dropped the ball. Even if I tried every scenario that I could to mend it-- it just crushes me. - I'm shaking in my boots. I didn't think I'd be  feeling like this so early on. - I know both of you. You're better  than a lot of the people that are sitting safe  right now. - I never really have blowouts like that. You know, I used all my knowledge that I've gained through the years, and none of it worked. - They flat-out told you you had the best illustration  of the day. - I just feel like--like I have a higher set of standards that I set for myself, and I don't want a single, like, blowout to send me home. ♪ ♪ [heavy rock music] ♪ ♪ - We are here  as a jury of peers to put one artist up  for elimination. - How are you guys feeling  about Jordan? If you're feeling like  you might be in the bottom-- - I will be in the bottom. - Anybody that looks  at this tattoo-- immediately, schematics is  exactly what you see in it. - You might have  a shake or two in here, but you applied  a tattoo correctly. Arlene's tattoo has thin lines that have a lot of blowouts. - And Arlene  overworked the blade, and there's tons of trauma  and tons of redness. - A lot of the shading  even goes over these lines and these circles  that are in this tattoo. - We need to use strategy here. If we got our bottom three--  say it's you... - Yeah.  - Arlene, and Bob. I mean, do you guys agree? You think Bob's gonna be  in the bottom regardless? - I agree. - I don't think  we need to even vote him. How do we get you  out of there? We put Raul down there. - He's got a cool  black-and-gray tattoo, but didn't completely  meet the schematic challenge. - It's just a cluster of gears  behind a pocket watch. - That's gonna keep you  out of the bottom. It's gonna ensure  all three people in the bottom are from the West. I think that's your best play. - And the West  is a powerful team. So then losing someone, it's definitely gonna be  to everybody else's benefit. - That works for me. - So today  we're testing legibility with schematic tattoos. There were some great ones. - One of my favorite tattoos of the day and the best drawing--Bob's-- is in the bottom  just on technical. - It is insane to me  that from the top all the way to the bottom  of the tattoo, you can find  a blowout anywhere. - Who was worse? - For me,  Jordan does terrible today. There's not a line  in this tattoo anywhere that is a clean line. - Look at that front wheel. This thing has been in a crash. But some of the worst blowouts are in Arlene's tattoo. - But at least  that looks like what it is. - Yeah. - Raul, dude--  what was that about? - It looks like this thing  is broken on the ground as opposed  to looking like a schematic. - You know,  the Midwest and the East have now formed  a jury of peers. They are gonna  choose one artist to send to the bottom, and that is definitely gonna  change the landscape. - Yeah, it'll be  interesting to see. ♪ ♪ - I'm pretty sure  I'm at the bottom. I royally [bleep]  that shit up. - That's all it takes. Just one mess-up,  one bad canvas. ♪ ♪ - Here it goes. - Judgment time. ♪ ♪ - All right, jury of peers, which artist are you sending  down for elimination? ♪ ♪ - We, the jury of peers,  have decided to send to the bottom... ♪ ♪ Raul. - In the bottom,  we'll see Raul. - Well... - Arlene... ♪ ♪ And Jordan. - [exhales sharply] - We'll see y'all and the jury  of peers downstairs. - Damn, how you feeling, Bob? - Oh, my God. - I kind of thought the judges  might pull me down, but I didn't see that shit  coming from you guys. - You gotta think about it.  This is a strategy game. - Thank God it's not  up to you, ultimately. - Let's get this over with. - Let's go.  - Good luck, Raul. Good luck, Arlene.  - Good luck, guys. ♪ ♪ - Today, you were being tested  on legibility. Based on your work, one of you  will be packing your machines. Jerrel...  - Yes. - Why did the jury of peers  vote Raul to the bottom? - We felt like out of the  tattoos that were the worst, that Raul's  a strong competitor-- and as a strategy,  utilize it in a way to hopefully save somebody  that we wanted to keep. - We thought for sure  Bob was gonna be down here and we thought for sure  Arlene was gonna be down here, and so Raul was intended to take place of Jordan. - As far as Bob goes,  he had a lot of blowouts, but I will say,  his tattoo was way cooler, and in the end, overall,  a better tattoo than these three tattoos  that are here. - May I speak to that? It's a blow to the gut to, uh, be nominated down here  by your peers, whatever the reason may be. - I'm not surprised  you were voted down here. Not only is it illegible,  it's not a schematic. This is a bunch  of cluttered metal on the side of her hip. I don't know what it is, bro. - Jordan and Arlene's tattoo  were more legible, but Jordan's tattoo--  I mean, that front wheel is the most  [bleep]-up thing here. - Come on, Jordan. - I don't know  what else to say. I really messed up  for linework day, and linework  is what I'm really known for. - It just reads as a schematic. - For an outline,  this quality of tattooing at this stage  is very tough to handle. - I would rather  have the knife. - Every line  still has a problem. You tried to save the outline  of the blade by putting shading next to it, but the line is still  really shaky and the black is not solid  up to it. - I had difficult [bleep] skin  to deal with. You put a straight line  over a skin tag, it's gonna wobble. - I do have to say something. There's an issue that wasn't  brought up about the knife. The handle's actually  upside-down. - It's not. - That guard  where your finger goes goes under the knife so that way  you don't cut your hand. - Mm, that's true. - You're showing  an improper layout. - But my canvas decided to flip the direction  of the knife at the last minute  because he wanted the wording to read facing outward  as it should be, not upside down, which means the handle  is the other way. - You should have turned  the handle the other way. - I gave him what he wanted.  - It's incorrect. - If you're gonna  flip the blade, you also gotta flip the handle. - It's [bleep] bullshit. - Technically, Arlene's tattoo  just fell too short. My vote is for Arlene. - I want the thing to look like what it's supposed  to look like. My vote to go home is Raul. - Just the inconsistency  in numerals, consistency in application... ♪ ♪ My vote's for Arlene. - The judges have decided. Arlene, you do not have  what it takes to be Ink Master. - Getting a different canvas could have meant  you stayed here today and somebody else went home. The game gets some people  quicker than it does others. - And you shared  your story with us, and I think it's inspirational. Keep your head up and be proud. - Please pack your machines  and close shop. [dramatic music] - Thank you. ♪ ♪ - [sighs]  [bleep]. I don't regret anything. I just learned that  I'm a lot stronger than I thought I already was. I'm pretty resilient.  It's just fueling the fire. Life is what you make it,  so keep it coming. ♪ ♪ male announcer: On the next  episode of "Ink Master"... - Your team must tattoo  the same canvas at the same time. - Oh, my God. - [bleep].  - What? - Straight into the mouth  of madness. - You guys lived up  to your name: Mediocre Midwest. - You guys have always been  living up to your name: the Suck-Ass South. - We're feeling awful small  over here. - They can get one smaller. - Oh, you don't want to  push me in that corner. - Artists, don't relax. We're not done yet.  [all groan] - Oh, man, right now?  - God damn it. - [no audible dialogue] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 