The Mysterious Cities of Gold: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Mysterious Cities of Gold 
 s1e1 - Esteban, Child of the Sun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Mysterious Cities of Gold (1982–1983): Season 1, Episode 1 - Esteban, Child of the Sun - full transcript 
 Esteban, a little boy of ten years old, lives happily in Barcelona with a monk called Brother Rodriguez. No one really knows where Esteban comes from. Brother Rodriguez took him in when he was two. Esteban has the wonderful and strange power of control over nature and the elements. He is known by all the town as "The Child of the Sun" because he can call upon the sun to stop the rain whenever he wishes. Esteban is called one day to the bedside of Brother Rodriguez. Before dying, the old monk wants to reveal all he knows of Esteban's history. Ten year ago, when Magellan the explorer was sailing back to Spain after a long voyage, he and his crew were surprised by a terrible storm. Suddenly the sailors spotted a boat adrift in the storm. A man was in the boat, with a baby in his arms, calling to the ship for help. Suddenly the man disappeared below the waves but one of the sailors managed to get to the boat in time to save the infant. "The baby was you, Esteban" says Brother Rodriguez. Esteban breaks into tears as his adopted father, the monk, dies and then he begins to worry what will become of himself. A sailor called Mendoza arrives and introduces himself to the boy as the man who had saved Esteban from the sea. As proof, Mendoza shows him a pendant similar to one Esteban was wearing when first taken in by Brother Rodriguez. In fact, Mendoza's and Esteban's are two halves of the same pendant. They fit together to form the image of the sun. Mendoza tells Esteban that his pendant belonged to the boy's father. Convinced that the pendant contained the secret to the Cities of Gold, Mendoza decided to keep his half and try to find its origins. Now, they years later, he is sure that it came from the Cities of Gold. Mendoza therefore presumes that Esteban must also come from there. Taking advantage of the boy's confusion and knowing his power over the sun, Mendoza therefore convinces Esteban to come on board the Esperanza and help search for the Cities of Gold. As stowaway on the Spanish ship, Esteban hides in the hold where he finds a young girl trussed up. This is Zia, a young Inca, whom he has seen before in Barcelona at the side of the queen during the ceremony the previous day before the expedition left for the New World. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Visit islam.com For Guidance  By your Brother Ammarhsn, Syria, Hama It's the sixteenth century From all over Europe  Great Ships sail west to conquer the new world The Americas The men eager to seek their fortune To find new adventures in new lands They long to cross uncharted seas  and discover unknown countries To find secret gold in a mountain trial high of the Andes 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They dream of following the path of the setting sun That leads to Eldorado And The Mysterious Cities of Gold Children of the sun See your time just begun Searching for your ways Through adventures every day Every day and night With the condor in flight All your friends in tow Search for the cities of gold Wishing for the Cities of Gold Some day we will find the Cities of Gold Some day we will find the Cities of Gold 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Excellent the wind is in the right quarter. Sancho, Pedro keep the wheel steady no matter what. The others didn't want to do any steering they're all too scared. There there right this is the entrance to Hell. It's dangerous. And of course your not scared at all. Me scared. How could you think such a um thing. Me scared, maybe your the one whos scared. Listen carefully to my instructions I am listening Senior Gomez Remember on our last trip I thought you has been washed over board. I searched everywhere and found you hiding in a life boat. Take in the sails. Hurry the wind will tear them to shreds. Batten down all round Hold the wheel steady, careful, prepare to come about. Full starboard. Oh. Senior Gomez please excuse me, I am truely sorry. STOP HURLING THIS SHIP ABOUT MENDOZA!! I am going to get even with him Uh I do beg your pardon Senior Gomez. This is not my day. Now Mendoza what is all this? Turning back? Are you afraid? Running away. Take a look and you will understand. The wind is strong and favourable but take a look out there, due ahead of us, look at that current. If we get caught in that whirlpool the ship would just splinter. I think we'll better take another route. If we don't want to end up as fish food, you agree? Well Mendoza, you third rate navigator, couldn't you try and steer the ship a little more smoothly. Return to your cabin before you pot belly drags you over the side. Why you pestilence Mendoza is right. Stay in your capin Gaspard. If you fall overboard no one can save you in this. Thats done it. We're in the straights now. Sancho. Pedro. Take turns taking watch and keep your eyes peeled. Aye aye Sir. Pedro. All right up there? Not sea sick? Its all right as long as your not scared have to hold on tight you see. For weeks it's been salt beef and water every meal. I'm fed up of it. It's tough as old boots. Oh Captian Perez your wine leaves a lot to be desired and the rations have been reduced. Now don't be too demanding, our provisions are not unlimited and we have two more mouths to feed now. Don't forget that. Oh yes, those two little urchins are stealing the food right out of our mouths. How do you do it, you've been at the wheel for two whole days and nights without any sleep. This is when it begins to be difficult Pedro. Go and wake Sancho, it's your turn to sleep. A change is as good as a rest. Esteban I'm frigtened. Don't worry you know I am right here beside you. It's only a little lightning. Men-Mendoza. I think we're heading for a high wave. Hang on Sancho we're about to plough straight into it. Here since your already awake give me a hand. Watch out! We're smash right into it. You all right Zia? If this goes on much longer I'll be covered with bruises. The ship's unbalanced. Something must have shifted. Zia! Come and look; it's fantastic. An iceburg, it's breaking up, it's so beautiful. We'll end up wrecked on the rocks. We're crash into them. Hold the wheel steady and stop moaning. Mendoza, what's the situation now? We made it. We're clear of the straights at last. We won. Truely wonderful. He's been up there for four days and nights and only now does he show how tired he is. Come Zia. Ah the sun. Look theres Esteban again. It's because of you Esteban. Without a doubt you are the child of the sun. The minute you walked onto the deck the sun came out. Well there you are my friends, now someone else can steer her to Lima. Here that, even a clumsy oaf like you can handle the ship now. Lets carry the navigator to his cabin, he must be exhausted. It's nothing. Nothing at all. A couple of hours sleep and I'll be fine. Great job, great job We are now sailing on the Pacific Ocean. We have come safely through the straights of Hell. Long live Mendoza. Watch your step. He's becoming too popular. Look Zia a fish. And there are more of them. Are they bird fish or fish birds? They are flying fish. Why do they fly? When their chased by bigger fish or when a storm is coming then its the fastest way for them to get away. Over the years they learned to do it. What strange new animals we'll find in this new world. Fish that can fly. Be careful sometimes they can fly so high they hit you in the head, if you watch them flying over the ship it will make you dizzy. Yes that's right. It's happened to many a sailor. Esteban it was on this ocean near here that I saved you from drowning ten years ago. And this is where my father... Yes. I took you from his arms and all at once he disappeared. Oh father I hope that your alive and you think of me somewhere. He is alive, I am sure of it. I don't know why but I feel it. He is still alive. You really think so? I think so too Esteban even though I saw him for only a few seconds I am sure that a man of his strength would have survived even that storm. I saw his eyes, he was the kind who never gave in. I'll never forget when he handed you to me at that moment he pressed my shoulder as if to say wait I'm only catching my breath. Then the waves took him away. He disappeared in the storm. He paid dearly for the effort to see you safe. Here here kids I've I've brought you you some meals. Oh. I'm as hungry as a wolf. Hey. Is this all. Sancho the water smells funny. Don't make things more difficult than they are already. We have to save on rations, almost all the stores we had are gone. When I think of Gaspard and the others stuffing themselves. And what do they do? There always complaining about the food food about the food. And to make it worse they get all the best bits, well the proverb says a snooze is as good as a snack, have a siesta dream of steaks. Oh. I'm going to dream of steaks. Zia what is it? I don't feel well. You shouldn't have drunk that water. Hmmm. Wait. What is it? Where are you going? I'm going down to the hold to look for some fresh water. No Esteban you mustn't. We have to save water, you know how carefully rationed it is for everybody. don't worry. I won't take any of the crews water. I'll get some from the officers own supplies of drinking water, who do they think they are! Meals are getting worse and worse on this ship and every day their smaller. Come on you lot, we'll do a bit of fencing it is good for the digestion. Are you all afraid of me, you sniviling cowards. That rat isn't here. No doubt he is planning some new mischief. Now where can the water barrels be? Hey. Whats making that noise. Haaa. Help. It's rats! The holds full of rats. Help. If I had this cannon pointing right at Mendoza. BOOM!!! What the devils that. Who's causing all that commotion? Mendoza Mendoza come quick come quick Gaspard is putting Esteban in irons. What. Ah Senior Gomez. I just caught this dirty brat down in the hold. He was trying to steal our food and our rations. I wasn't stealing. I just wanted some clean water for Zia. Well that makes it all clear Zia is as guilty as he is. That right Captain? When we're out at sea everybody aboard must accept discipline and respect rationing. Hold on a minute. They're only children. It's useless to speak to them of discipline and rationing. Indeed Sir. Perhaps you are forgetting that these are only stowaways and if that wasn't enough they steal food as well. The fat ones could eat a little less. Who dares. Captain Gaspard's rations is five times every everybody elses. Stop it Sancho I'm the one whos going to be in trouble he is looking straight at me. Who dares say that. Let the coward come forward. I'll finish him off. It's it's much simplier to attack children, thats your style. Attacking defenseless chi... eeee One more word and it's overboard you go. All you weaklings. Cowards. Guards. Those two are to be put in the hold in chains for stealing food. Hold Captain Gaspard. No. Move along. No let us go. You have no right to. Mendoza now we are safely through the straights of Magellan, I won't make any further comments, but if I may remind you it was you who said that from now on anyone at all would be capable of steering the ship. Therefore I no longer have any need of your services. I must trust that Senior Gomez and Gaspard have plans for you. At this very moment. I have waited so long for this day. Are you looking for your sword? Who struck me? I think you still may have need of my services a storm is brewing. Stand up you scoundrels why do you cringe before a lot of flying fish? The wind it's rising to gale force. There look a typhoon it's heading straight for us. If were caught in it we're lost. Batton down everything that moves, take in the sails. En Guard Mendoza. Captain Gaspard this is no time to start fighting lend a hand. Look there. Forget everything I said Mendoza. I beg of you, take the wheel again and save the ship. What are you doing Captain Perez you just said that Mendoza was of no further use to you. You may have noticed the situation has changed. How do you expect us to survive a storm like this without him? Senior Gomez you agree? If everytime we are in danger we have to rely on him I wouldn't rate our future prospects very high. Mendoza. My friend Mendoza, I appeal to you to help me. Sancho. Pedro. Come here at the double. Aye aye Mendoza here we are. Pedro. Sancho. You two. Steady the wheel and hold on do you hear me? Every man to his post. Take in all sails and batten all hatches. Down sails. Batten all hatches. Whats going on the ship is creaking and cracking all over. Oh Esteban. Zia, you mustn't worry. I know to now I haven't protected you very much. I feel safe with you. Esteban Child of the Sun is here with me, I'm not afraid of anything. Look alive the main sail is splitting. visit islam.com For Guidance  By your Brother Ammarhsn, Syria, Hama  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 