Petticoat Junction: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Petticoat Junction 
 s1e4 - Is There a Doctor in the Roundhouse? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Petticoat Junction (1963–1970): Season 1, Episode 4 - Is There a Doctor in the Roundhouse? - full transcript 
 Norman Curtis, who has fallen in love with life at the Shady Rest, is still staying there for free without Kate yet knowing his true identity. He is even helping Kate and the girls set-up for the Jamboree Hoedown which will be held at the hotel. Both Norman's reputation with Kate and the Jamboree are threatened when Norman, who was given the reigns to operate the train by Charley and Floyd, ends up breaking the throttle. The train can't run without it. A replacement part for a train this old is difficult enough to find, let alone by a supposed company who doesn't care about its operation. Norman decides to come clean about his identity. The problem is no one believes him. In fact, they all believe he's crazy. While everyone else does whatever they can to fix the throttle in time for the Jamboree, Norman, on his own, has to make contact with the outside world to prove that he says who he is by getting the train's throttle fixed the proper way. He is able to make contact with his team of high powered executives of an airline, a telecommunications company and the military, who, when having arrived at the Shady Rest to work on the train, come across as crazy as Norman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (train whistle blows twice) ♪ Come ride the little train ♪ ♪ That is rollin' down the tracks to the Junction ♪ (bell clanging) ♪ Forget about your cares ♪ ♪ It is time to relax at the Junction ♪ (whistle blows twice) ♪ Lots of curves, you bet ♪ ♪ And even more when you get ♪ ♪ To the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (snare drum plays train rhythm) ♪ There's a little hotel called the Shady Rest at the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction ♪ ♪ It is run by Kate, come and be her guest at the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction ♪ ♪ And that's Uncle Joe, he's a-movin' kinda slow ♪ ♪ At the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction! ♪ (train whistle blows twice) two and three and four and five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Here, here, what's going on? We're working on a new finish for the Jamboree Hoedown, Mom. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah, see how you like it. GIRLS: ♪ Da-da-da-da-da, bum-bum. ♪ That's very, very good. Of course, it would be better with boys. Uh-huh. Anything's better with boys. Yeah, here. Add these to the decorations. And get busy. Where's Uncle Joe? BETTY JO: In the dining room, Mom. Uncle Joe, you promised to hang that sign out front for us. Kate, I've only got two hands and one mouth. Well, I guess the girls and I can manage it. How about a little help from your hobo friend? Who? That no-good moocher that's taking you for free room and board. I presume you're referring to Mr. Norman Curtis. I'm referring to Nutty Norman, the freeloader. Uncle Joe, Mr. Curtis may be temporarily financially embarrassed, but he is an ambitious, intelligent, refined, well-educated gentleman. Don't waste all that hot air, put it in here. You're going to be sorry when you find out where he is right now. In the kitchen eating up all the food? No, sir. He's gone to Pixley with Floyd and Charley. He's got a plan to attach a flatcar to the back of the train, put benches on it and bring 50 extra people to our jamboree. Now where would he get a flatcar? He... he says he has connections with the railroad. (chuckles) His only connections are with a knife and fork. Well, Floyd and Charley thought enough of his plan to take him into Pixley with them. In fact, they gave him the throttle. That's dangerous. Why? He might put ketchup on it and eat it. He sure looks happy, don't he? Of course he does. Poor old hobo... All of his life he's been riding the rods, and now he's at the throttle of the Hooterville Cannonball. Hey, Norman. Yeah. You really think you can get that flatcar? Well, I told you fellas, I got connections with this railroad. (phone ringing) Mr. Curtis' office. No, I'm sorry, Mr. Curtis is out of the city for a few days... (phone ringing) Secretary of Labor? Yes, I'll tell him. Mr. Curtis' office. No, I'm sorry. He won't be able to go to Washington for the White House conference. (phone ringing) Mr. Curtis' office. No, no, I'm sorry, he's someplace between Hooterville and Pixley. (phone ringing) I don't know where they are either. (phones ringing) Come on, Mom, you can dance it. One, two, three, four... (girls laughing) Now, that's... Save that for your young fellas. Uncle Joe and I will watch from the sidelines. Well, speak for yourself, Kate. I can shake a foot with any of these young bucks. Come on, Uncle Joe. Come on. One, two, three, four... There's a step you can do. Look, two more fellas. Now we all have partners. Come on, Charley. We're doing a new dance for the jamboree. Hold it, hold it, girls. I'm afraid there ain't gonna be a jamboree. How can that be? There's no way for the folks to get here. That fella Curtis has wrecked the Cannonball. Wrecked the Cannonball? What?! He just as good as wrecked it. Busted the throttle right smack off. Can't run a train without a throttle. How'd it happen? He tried to show off going up Bleaker's Hill. Yanked the throttle back so hard he snapped it right in two. Pretty much pulled a rod right out of the boiler. Yeah, Floyd and I had to pound it back with a block of wood. Shut off the steam. Well, what'd you do, walk all the way from Bleaker's Hill? No, we let it roll backwards and coasted to here. Well, Kate, what do you think of your refined, intelligent Mr. Curtis now? He's wrecked a train and ruined our jamboree. I hope you're satisfied. Shh. Here he comes. Now don't just stand there, Kate, go get him something to eat. He's probably hungry after all he did today. I don't know what to say. Take a crack at "good-bye." Now, Uncle Joe... Charley, can't the throttle be fixed? I'm afraid we'll have to get a new one. FLOYD: A new old one. They ain't made 'em like that in 50 years. Might as well face it, Kate... The Cannonball can't be fixed in time to bring the folks to the jamboree. Yes, it can. Now listen to me, everyone... Quiet, folks, we're gonna hear some words of wisdom from our distinguished hobo guest. I hadn't intended to reveal my identity to you, but now I think I should. And then you'll know that I can have the train fixed. I am Norman P. Curtis... President of the C. & F.W. Railroad. Charley, are you sure that throttle can't be fixed. Don't you believe me? Norman, this is no time for jokes. But wait a minute, Kate. I'll prove it to you. Anybody got a dime? Aw, forget it, Norman. That thing's as phony as you are. What? It's got the same kind of connections with the telephone company you've got with the railroad... None. Well, why is it here? Gives the hotel class. Which it's going to need plenty of with you here. Norman, you're pathetic. Maybe Lon Harker can fix that. He's a farmer. He also does blacksmithing. If he can mend a plow, why can't he forge that together? How we gonna get up to his place with no train? Cut through the woods to the county road and hitch a ride. Let's go, Charley. It's worth a try. I just wanted to say, I'm awful sorry about Mr. Curtis. Kind of feel like it's my fault for inviting him to stay here. Aw, Kate, don't be blaming yourself. It's our fault, too. We let him drive the train. Kate, I'm kind of worried about Floyd and me going off and leaving you and the girls and Nutty Norman. But Uncle Joe's here. Well, that's what I mean. Can you handle two of them? Get out of here, both of you. Kate, if I can only get to a telephone, I guarantee you I can have that train running again. Well, the nearest telephone is in Hooterville. Isn't there any way I can get there? There's a handcar down by the water tower, but, uh, that's a mighty long way to pump. Well, I was the stroke on the Yale varsity crew that beat Harvard, Princeton and Cornell. Yeah. Oh, I liked him so much better before he started all that bragging. What's the matter? You girls haven't touched a bite of your food. Not hungry. Me either. Uncle Joe, how can you eat at a time like this? Well, this is a perfect time. When Nutty Norman's at the table, nobody else had a chance. How do your girls expect to do any dancing when you're not eating? Who's going to be dancing? Now no one can get here for the jamboree. Oh, no, let's not give up. We got a lot of things going for us. Maybe Lon Harker will forge the throttle back together again. Maybe Nutty Norman, will... I mean, Mr. Curtis will do something. Please, Kate, not while I'm eating. Well, he's certainly trying. He's pumping the handcar all the way to Hooterville. Oh, fine. It's not enough losing the train... Now the handcar's gone. Well, come on, girls. If you're not going to eat, pick up your plates, take 'em to the kitchen and help me. And don't pay any attention to your Uncle Joe about anything he says about Mr. Curtis. I still say, in spite of everything that's happened, that man has something great inside him. Yeah, our food. Good afternoon, ladies. How do you do? How do you do? We're waiting for the train. Well, I wish you luck. Uh, pardon me. Would one of you ladies please let me have a dime? It's very important. Thank you very much. Hello, operator, I want to talk person to person to General Frank Newton. The number is code area 311, 555-8324. I want extension 1-1-1-1. Operator, charge this to credit account 555-2368-L, 184. I just gave you the number. Code area 311, 555-8324. Extension 1-1-1-1. Credit account is 555-2368-L 184. Oh, oh, this number. Why didn't you say so. Hooterville 3. Oh, hello, Frank? This is Norman. Well, how's my favorite general? Well, you old rascal. You've been fooling around with models long enough. How'd you like to work on the real thing? (both gasp) Well, in course it's important. I wouldn't ask you otherwise. Frank, some wonderful people are depending on it. Now listen, I want you to get a hold of George Prentice in Detroit and Dave LaSalle in New York and I want all of you here in Hooterville the first thing in the morning ready to go to work. Hooterville. Well, get out your map and your magnifying glass and I'll tell you where it is. Who is he? That's the hobo Kate Bradley took in. They call him Nutty Norman. I'll say one thing. You might as well say good-bye to your dime. Oh, you're very nice. (crowing) Shoo! Get away from here! Go on! Shoo! Get along! Just shoo! You get away from here. Stop eating this train. Just because she sat here since yesterday doesn't mean she won't run again. Anybody showed up yet? Well, not yet, but the girls are out looking. Might as well take that stupid sign down. We ain't gonna have no jamboree. Uncle Joe, whatever you do, don't start acting gloomy and pessimistic in front of the girls. We gotta keep their spirits up. Okay. Mother! Any sign of the handcar coming from Hooterville? No, Mother. And it would just break your heart to see the poor old Cannonball. Chickens are laying eggs in her and goats are chewing on her. It's terrible. Oh, baby, cheer up. Everything's gonna be fine. Isn't it, Uncle Joe? Oh, y-you bet. Just fine and dandy. Yeah, you see... Mom! Oh. Any sign of Floyd and Charlie? Not a sign, Mother. And we hiked clear over to the county road. Well, now, don't get discouraged. Everything's going to be fine. Isn't it, Uncle Joe? You bet, just fine and dandy. What are you doing? I'm gonna take this stupid sign down. We ain't gonna have no jamboree. Now... later. Norman. Norman, jar that loose. Kate. Kate. What's the matter. That freeloader, Nutty Norman. He's back, and he brung his rat pack with him. Rat pack? Three more freeloaders. Hoboes just like him. This time, they're gonna finish the Cannonball for sure. What do you mean? They're swarming all over it, taking it apart. They're probably gonna cart it up and haul it away and sell it for junk. Kate, I wouldn't go down there if I was you. They look dangerous. Oh, I'll be all right. Yell if you need me. I'll be having a bite of lunch. Frank! Communication's set up. It's ready to go. Be with you in a minute. Norm. The valve rod is shot. What do you suppose kept her going? Habit. Well, I guess we'd better put another one in, huh? KATE: Norman. Hello, Kate. Well, good heavens, what are you doing to the train? We're getting it ready for the jamboree. That's what you wanted, wasn't it? Well, uh... I declare, you brought in a whole repair crew. Yeah, well, you never saw a crew like this before. Oh, th-the-they, they look very ex-experienced. (chuckles) Dillon, this is Mrs. Bradley, the little lady I told you about. Kate, I want you to meet General Frank Newton. Howdy-do, ma'am? General? Retired, ma'am. Yes, all he does now is serve as the chairman of the board of the Michigan and Southwest Railroad. (gasps): Goodness. And this is George Previs. He's president of Worldwide Airways. Ma'am. Newt, let me have the wrench. And the fellow up in the baggage car is Dave LaSalle. Hey, Dave! He's president of Intercontinental Telephone. Well, they're certainly a mighty distinguished group. Kate, the boys have come a long way, and, well, they're working pretty hard I don't suppose you could scare up a little... Food. Yeah. Well, of course I can. Just give me 15 minutes and then, uh, bring your... group up to the dining room. Oh, bless you. Okay, go ahead. Hello. Peterson? Peterson? Frank Newton. Now listen. I want the throttle lever off the Emma Sweeney. That's the wood burner in the north wing. Right. Mighty handy having your own railroad museum, isn't it? Dave, call my office. I'll have a plane pick it up. What good'll that do? You can't land a jet around here. They still make parachutes. They can drop it right down the smokestack. Hey, Peterson. Peterson. Put that throttle lever in a metal drop crate and rush it out to the airport. Worldwide Airlines will pick it up. Dave, uh, get me my office, will ya? Uh, just a minute, Norman. Dave, put me through to my office first. Okay. Operator. Connect me with the main office of Worldwide Airlines. And don't give me that busy circuit routine. You can clear it through Chicago, Denver or New Orleans. It doesn't matter, but put it through. My own company and I can't get a line. They're all just like Norman. Nuttier than fruitcakes. (all laughing) By the way, Frank, did you take advantage of the market tip I gave you on Western Mining? Yeah. Bought 10,000 shares. Dropped six points in a week. (all laughing) Don't blame me. I got the tip from my secretary. You've just got the wrong girl. Mine steered me into General Products and I made almost a quarter of a million in three weeks. Now that's a secretary. Not only that, she's learning to type. (all laughing) With all your money, what are you gonna do with another quarter million? I think I'll buy a locomotive like the Hooterville Cannonball. Put it in the backyard and work on it weekends. I haven't had so much fun in years. (laughing): How about it, Norman? Do you want to sell the Hooterville Cannonball? Sorry, boys. She's not for sale. (men groaning) A squirrel would have a feast in there. Kate. Kate. We gotta get them hoboes outta here as quick as we can. They're plumb, raving loony. You oughta hear 'em talking about the money they got. Oh, Uncle Joe, when men are down on their luck, they're bound to exaggerate a little. It makes them feel better. Yeah, well, come listen to the guff they're spouting. It's plumb crazy. Norman, this is magnificent. Why, it's even better than we used to get at the Officer's Club. Well, I wouldn't know about that, General. I was an enlisted man myself. I've eaten all over the world... France, Italy, the Orient, the finest ocean liners, but this is the best, the most delicious food I've ever eaten. No wonder you're so fond of this place, Norman. Well, it isn't only the food. There's also Kate. DAVE (laughing): I see what you mean. I don't blame you. Mighty attractive woman. NORMAN: Ohh... now. I don't think they're talking so crazy. Hey, we got it! Old Lon Harker came through. Just like new! Oh, that's wonderful, boys. Take her down and put her right on. Oh, please, Kate, feed us first. We're starving. I'll clear out all the freeloaders. Hurry up, fellows. Now, they'll be through here with our... Oh, no! Mr. Curtis, what have you got against our train? That was a beautiful drop. With that wind drift, it oughta land right in our lap. When I run an airline, I run an airline. Look, Mom, it's falling right down by the tracks. I wonder what it could be. Well, whatever it is it's for them. They're running after it. Kate, I was wrong about those men. And I'm big enough to admit it. They ain't hoboes. They're spies. (whistle blowing) By golly, Norman, I believe she's as good as ever! (cheering and laughter) She's better than ever. We fixed things on there you didn't even know about. Sure. They've been riding the rails so long, they're experts. Let it roll, boys. We're gonna have a jamboree after all. (screaming) (indistinct chatter) (bell clanging) (whistle blowing) (engine chugging, bell clanging) Welcome to Shady Rest. How are you, Oscar? (indistinct chatter) What do you mean, I could use Phoebe for my secretary? Well, she'll give you some real hot tips on the market. Oh. Listen. Phoebe, what'll General Products Common do on the market next week? Going up. (men laugh) Hello, Lynnie. Nettie, come on over. Well, hello. Welcome to Shady Rest. Hello. Welcome to Shady Rest. Oh, Uncle Joe, this is gonna be the best jamboree yet. And I didn't even think it was gonna come off. Me neither. Boy, what a jinx that Nutty Norman turned out to be. What do you mean? Why, he was responsible for fixing the train. Well, that's the least he could have done. Nothing ever happened to it until he came. I tell you, Kate, the man's a jinx. I thought you said he was a spy. Well, that's the worst kind. Oh, Uncle Joe. Hi, Charley. Hi, Charley! Hello, Floyd. What happened to your hand? Firebox door bit me. Darn thing ain't worked in 20 years and them fellas had to come along and put a spring. Huh! But-but Floyd's the only one can double on fiddle. Oh, how can you have a jamboree without a fiddler? That's easy. You don't. Sorry, folks. Like I said, Kate, that fella's a jinx. (whispering): Watch it, Joe, here he comes. Yeah, let's go, Kate. The boys haven't been to a jamboree in years. They're champing at the bit. Well, they're not gonna need a harness tonight. What do you mean? You had to go fix the firebox door. Yeah, you wrecked his fiddling hand that's what you did. Now let's see you fix that. Well, that's the easiest thing in the world. Come on, Floyd. Ow! Yeah, he'll fix it all right. He'll probably wreck the other hand. The jinx. ♪ ♪ (country dance music playing) (crowd cheering) (cheering continues) (cheering continues) (applause and cheering) (song ends) (country dance music intro) We sure would have been in a terrible fix if it hadn't been for Norman Curtis. Don't you think it's about time you admitted you were wrong? Oh, I guess so. But how was I to know he could play the fiddle? Ms. Bradley, may I have the honor of this dance? With pleasure, General. General. Come on, Joe. Don't be a wallflower. (theme song playing) This has been a Filmways Presentation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 