Petticoat Junction: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Petticoat Junction 
 s1e7 - The Ringer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Petticoat Junction (1963–1970): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Ringer - full transcript 
 The annual Shady Rest horseshoe pitching tournament is coming up, it being one of the busiest times for the hotel with all the out-of-town competitors requiring accommodations. The perpetual winner of the tournament is Pixley Fats, who seems poised to win again this year and whose entire life revolves around pitching horseshoes. However, a new and slightly unconventional potential entry this year may give Pixley Fats a run for his money: Betty Jo. Betty Jo has long known that she has a talent for the sport, but always thought the tournament was only for men. Although there are no rules against female participants, female pitchers are uncustomary. Kate enters Betty Jo against Uncle Joe's wishes as he feels it will insult every man entered to play against a female, a teenager no less. Regardless, he can't stop Betty Jo, who he is sure will lose anyway. Uncle Joe changes his mind when he sees how talented Betty Jo is, she who makes it into the finals against Pixley Fats. So the final ends up being a contest between experience and youth, with perhaps a little compassion thrown in. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (train whistle blows twice) ♪ Come ride the little train ♪ ♪ That is rollin' down the tracks to the Junction ♪ (bell clanging) ♪ Forget about your cares ♪ ♪ It is time to relax at the Junction ♪ (whistle blows twice) ♪ Lots of curves, you bet ♪ ♪ And even more when you get ♪ ♪ To the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (snare drum plays train rhythm) ♪ There's a little hotel called the Shady Rest at the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction ♪ ♪ It is run by Kate, come and be her guest at the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction ♪ ♪ And that's Uncle Joe, he's a-movin' kinda slow ♪ ♪ At the Junction ♪ ♪ Petticoat Junction! ♪ (train whistle blows twice) ♪ ♪ Bobbie Jo, you take... rooms five, six and seven. Thank you, Mom. And Billie Jo, you take... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, there's a sheet and a pillowcase missing. Uh-oh. Uh-oh what? Well, I saw Uncle Joe heading for the barn with what could have been a sheet and a pillowcase. Oh, how thoughtful. He's planning to sleep out there to make more room for paying guests. Yeah, but I can't let him do that. Well, but, Mama, he was carrying a bucket of paint and a brush, now. And he said something about making a banner. Oh, no, he wouldn't! He wouldn't! He did. Well, Kate, what do you think? I think it's ruined. Wait, I misspell something? Uncle Joe, it's the sheet that's ruined. Billie, you're a sweet girl, but you're too young to understand the value of advertising. Well, in this case, so am I. Uncle Joe, every year during the horseshoe tournament week, we turn people away. What do we need with advertising? Women and business. Why should I try to explain? There's the Cannonball. I got to get down there. I got to let Floyd know I matched him with Pixley Fats in the first round. Pixley Fats? I'll be out before the tournament gets started. Nobody's ever beat Pixley Fats pitching horseshoes. And nobody ever will. I just thought I'd make it quick and merciful for you, Floyd. You want to default right now? No, sir. Floyd is not a quitter. Are you, Floyd? Yes, I am. Well, the least you could do would be to put up a good fight. No, I couldn't beat him fighting, neither. Well, let's go practice. Fighting or pitching horseshoes? Pitching horseshoes, you mallet head. You go on. I got a banner to put up. Beautiful. Now, that was very good, Floyd. U-Uncle Joe, bring the, uh, shoes back, please. I'll be right there, Kate. No, y-you got better e-every time you pitched. (chuckles) Didn't he, girls? Oh, yes. Beautiful. You got a leaner, too. Yeah, but leaning against a tree don't count. Oh, you're gonna be just fine in the tournament, Floyd. Because you're a good all-around athlete. And when it comes to pitching horseshoes... Floyd, you're pathetic. Oh, Uncle Joe, he was nervous. Because you have put him against Pixley Fats, first thing. Well, somebody has to be a skunk. Might as well be Floyd. Oh, come on, Joe, start somebody else against Pixley Fats. But my chart's all made out. You can change it. It's clear up in my room. But a little walk will do you good. Okay, I'm putting you against Pixley Fats. Joe! You don't want to make that long walk. Joe! Joe, listen! Come on, come on. No. Mother. Yes, dear? Does the horseshoe tournament allow women? Well, it isn't customary, but I guess it could. This isn't exactly a national tournament. Why? Well, Bobbie and I think Betty ought to enter. Betty? Billie, I'm not good enough to play against men. Well, the way you throw ringers, why, you could play against anybody. KATE: Ringers? This little peanut? Just watch her, Mom. She's terrific! Show her, Betty. I'll probably miss it a mile. A perfect ringer. She does it every time. I seem to have a kind of talent for it, Mom. Once more. How long have you been doing this? Oh, three or four years, I guess. But you never said anything. I always thought horseshoes was just for men. And Bobbie and I just happened to see her. Once more. Pixley Fats... watch out. Kate. Where's Betty Jo? She's upstairs. What do you want with her? I'm gonna bend her over my knee and whomp her with a hairbrush. What for? She wrote her name on my tournament sheet. No, she didn't. Well, somebody did, and they're gonna get whomped. Well, you go fetch your hairbrush, and I'll meet you in the basement. I never did like getting whomped in public. Kate. You put Betty's name on here? Yes, I did. She's entering the tournament. A teenage girl? Well, that'll be an insult to every man in the tournament. Especially Pixley Fats. He won't be insulted when he sees her play. BETTY JO: Mother! Yes? What is it? There's another bedsheet missing. Now, j-j-just a minute, Kate. You ought to be proud. Why, right now, everyone that's watching the Hooterville Cannonball go by is reading your sheet. Mr. Pratt! Who's running the train? Had to let Floyd take over. I'm so nervous, my hand was trembling at the trottle. How come? I'm playing Pixley Fats in the opening round of the tournament tomorrow. HERBIE: Gee! What an honor to play horseshoes against Pixley Fats. Boy, you just bought yourself an honor! Huh? You're starting against Pixley Fats instead of me. Oh, thank you, thank you! Do you think he'll let me sit with him for a minute? No, no, no, no, no. That's why he buys those two seats and curtains them off. He doesn't want anybody jostling his pitching arm. Do you know him very well? Son, nobody knows Pixley Fats. You might call him a man of mystery. (train whistle blows) Hey, we're coming into Shady Rest. Oh, I hope Floyd makes a smooth stop. (bell clanging) Right this way, gents. Right this way. Welcome to the Shady Rest Hotel! Scene of the world's greatest horseshoe tournament! Where you can see the one and only Pixley Fats in action against all comers! Eat our delicious food, sleep in our soft beds, Shady Rest Hotel! Right up the path there, gents. Right up the path. Eat our delicious food, sleep in our soft beds. Hello, Joe! Shady Rest... Hello, Charley. Hello, Mr. Carson. Hello, Herbie. Did Pixley Fats have a comfortable ride? Smooth as glass, Joe. Can I take his bag up to the hotel, Mr. Carson? Oh, no, no! You go on up. Nobody but me has carried his bag for the last nine years. (crowd chattering) He's here! Pixley Fats in person! He's right behind us! (crowd murmuring) (crowd quiets) He's here! (applause) What's in that case? That's brass-plated horseshoes... Approved for balance by the U.S. Bureau of Standards. (crowd oohs) BETTY JO: Gee! Why'd he bring that trophy? That's the tournament trophy. He's got to bring it back every year, so he can win it again and take it away. Nice to see you again. He never uses his right hand for anything but pitching horseshoes. He's learned to do everything with his left hand. Room 12. Same as the last eight years. M-Move Betty Jo; you're blocking traffic. (chuckling): Oh, excuse me. That sure is a handsome trophy. I think she's planning to win it away from you. Not planning... just hoping. (chuckling): How ridiculous can you get? (blows whistle) Welcome to the ninth annual Shady Rest Hotel horseshoe tournament! Now, before we get into the first round, I'd like to call your attention to these beautiful good luck charms... On sale for only 50 cents. (crowd groans) Souvenirs for wives and kiddies. Get the tournament started, Joe. Now, hold your horses, Charley. Or maybe I should say, "Hold your horseshoes." (laughing) You should say who plays who in the first match. And forget trying to sell something you ain't had one customer for in eight years. Well, I wasn't trying to sell, I just wanted you to know they were available. Now, the first match will be played by Pixley Fats! (applause) And his worthy opponent will be Herbie Bates. 10,000 to one on Pixley Fats. 10,000 to one what? Anything! (whistle blows) Pitch horseshoe! (cheering) (crowd chattering excitedly) (applause) (crowd groaning) Come on, Herbie, you can do better than that. (applause) (laughter) Oh, you can have more than that. Mom's frying up a whole new batch. During the tournament, he eats very light. Well, I'll go see if a new batch is ready. How's it going in there? Need more chicken. Oh. Oh, right here, honey. Just hold the platter. Ma? Yes, dear. Did anyone mention that I won my first round match? Oh, yes, someone did, and I meant to congratulate you, and then I got busy fixing supper, and I forgot. Okay, honey, serve it up. I beat Toby Gates 52 to three. Good. Beginner's luck. With a score like that? When she loses in round two, we don't want to see no tears, do we, Kate? How many pies are you cutting, dear? Six, Mom. Oh, no, no. I think seven. Oh, okay. Kate, you didn't answer my question. What was it? Uh, I asked you, uh, when Betty Jo loses round two, we don't want to see no tears, do we? Oh. No, no, no. Uh, Betty Jo, would you start washing up the pots and pans for me? Because nobody likes a sore loser. Uncle Joe, would you please tell me what you're doing in the kitchen? Well, I'm trying to teach your youngest daughter how to be a good sport. Well, could you teach her later before the good sports at the dining room stamp their feet and bang their forks and knives for quicker service? Kate, are you implying you want me to leave? Now that you mention it, yes. Okay. I can take a hint. Uh, uh, uh, uh. Don't go empty-handed. (cheering and applause) Floyd Smoot, three. Pixley Fats, 51. Pixley Fats is now in the finals. (applause) Hi, Kate. What brings you down here? Oh, my youngest daughter. She told her sisters and me that she made the semi-finals, so we decided to watch her play. Oh? Any objections? No. Matter of fact, I wondered why you hadn't come down before. I've been busy. Uncle Joe, how did Betty Jo ever get into the semi-finals? We explained that to you two days ago. Beginner's luck. (blows whistle) The second semi-final match will be Betty Jo Bradley v. Charley Pratt. (applause) Betty Jo, I'm going to forget that you're just like a daughter to me, and I'm going to do my very best to beat you. And I want you promise to do the same, okay? Okay. Who goes first? Charley. Age before beauty. (laughs) (crowd murmuring) MAN: Floyd! (applause) (crowd groaning and murmuring) (scattered applause) (loud cheering) I hadn't meant for your very best to be that good. Two for Charley, and six for my beautiful and talented relative, Miss Betty Jo Bradley. (cheering) She's sensational. (sing-songy): Herbie Bates! Hi, Billie Jo. My, don't you look pretty! Thanks. Listen, you played Pixley Fats. Do you have any tips on how Betty Jo could beat him in the finals? Yup. Drop her first horseshoe on his foot, and hope he loses his temper and quits. Ha, ha. Oh, Billie Jo, if I had any tips on how to beat Pixley Fats, would I have lost to him 51 to zero? You're right. I'm sorry I bothered you. Oh, any time. Billie Jo, why don't you and me go on a little moonlight stroll? I can't. Mother told me to mind the desk. Darn it. I could have waited ten more days. Ten more days? To shave. Well, the truth of the matter is, athletics is in the girl's blood. You see, my brother Harold... That's the one that rode into the swamp and never came back... He had a spring tryout with the Philadelphia Phillies. Well, what's baseball got to do with horseshoes? Well, Harold was a pitcher, and Betty Jo inherited Harold's right arm. How'd they get it out of the swamp? (laughs) Floyd, why don't you stop trying to make jokes and put your money where your mouth is? You want to bet on Betty Jo against Pixley Fats? Any amount you want to name. Okay. You're on for 75 cents. Make it 50. It's a bet. (knock at door) Come in. Hi. Hi. I'm sorry I didn't help with the dishes, but Uncle Joe ordered me straight to bed. (laughing): Oh, yes, I know. Are you feeling nervous about tomorrow? A little. Well, it's only natural. Pixley Fats is probably nervous, too. I wonder if I can beat him. Yeah, so do I. I kind of wonder something else, too. What? I wonder what will happen to him if you do? What do you mean? Well, Pixley Fats is a peculiar sort of person. And how. Why doesn't he ever talk? He does talk. At the end of every tournament, he says to his losing opponent, "You pitch a good game of horseshoes." (laughs) His whole life is pitching horseshoes. In a way, that's kind of sad. Yeah, I agree. Com-Compared to somebody like, um... well, like you. You have a family and friends, school and hobbies. And pretty soon, the most wonderful thing that can happen to a woman in her life... Husband and children. Oh, Mom. (laughs) I-I don't say that Pixley Fats is unique. Oh, there a lot of one-track people. They can be doctors or lawyers or businessmen, anything. They have one big talent and one big pride in it. But there's just one trouble. What? Well, if a person like that fails, even once, everything just falls apart. Unless, in addition to their talent, they have love. Because the best and the only thing in life that can help a proud person face failure is love. Mom? Hmm? Are you telling me to...? Honey, I'm not telling you anything. I just came up here to kiss you good night. (applause) The score is tied, 48, 48. (applause) I've never seen anything like it. Neither one of them's missed a ringer. (applause and cheering) 51 to 48. (applause and cheering) 51 to 51. Quit telling me the score, Herbie. I can count, too. (crowd groans and murmurs) MAN: That a shame. That's the first time in my life I ever seen him miss. If Betty Jo gets a ringer, it's her match. (crowd groaning and murmuring) Final score... Pixley Fats... 53, Betty Jo Bradley... 51. The winner and tournament champion for the ninth consecutive year... Pixley Fats. (applause) Give me my 50 cents. Oh, take it easy, would you? I got to record the score first. Everybody up to the hotel for the presentation of the trophy and lemonade. (crowd cheering and murmuring) Tough luck, Sis. We'll get him next year. Mr. Fats, your horseshoes. Girls, would you go on up and set out the glasses? Give me my 50 cents. Uncle Joe! Did you bet on me? Yes, I did. I'm sorry. Well, I'm sorry, too. (laughs) Congratulations on a nice try. You pitch a good game of horseshoes. Thank you. So do you. Good-bye, Mr. Fats. Betty Jo, you know what? You won. You won't get any trophy, but inside where it counts, you won! What's the matter, Mother? I think I'll buy one of these souvenirs so that Uncle Joe will get his 50 cents back. I was wrong. You do get a trophy after all. (laughs) Remind me to, uh, hide Uncle Joe's Indian after dinner, huh? (theme song playing) ♪ Petticoat Junction. ♪ This has been a Filmways presentation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 