Mr. Sunshine: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mr. Sunshine 
 s1e12 - Episode #1.12 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mr. Sunshine (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Episode #1.12 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION BASED ON HISTORICAL EVENTS SOME ORGANIZATIONS AND CHARACTERS ARE FICTITIOUS EPISODE 12 It's the British minister's birthday in three days. Lee Wan-ik was invited too. That will be the day. Friends? I see you island people have teamed up. Well, good luck. Impudent fool. Bastard! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He asked me if this was the house of Go Sa-hong. LEE DEOK-MUN It's been a while, sir. Although things are dire in Joseon, you always seem to be having fun. I guess there's more to take from a party than a funeral. What's with the long greeting? Did a mercenary become a businessman? I'm worried my sword might get rusty. Foreigners of the East and West gathering to worry about Joseon's fate... I guess that's what we call peace. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Come on in. It's the second floor. There's no need. When Allen leaves the room to take a leak, escort him to mine. Leave the geisha outside. One more room means better business. As it happens, I have a quiet one that'll be perfect for you. Show him to the Red Room. Yes, sir. Tomorrow night, keep the guards at Lee Wan-ik's house occupied for half an hour. This is how you'll repay me for last time. And don't ask any questions. Sure thing. The men at Lee Wan-ik's residence... Take them out for dinner for about half an hour. Yes, boss. AUTOPSY REPORT That is what I'm looking for. Well, that is what I need. How about an exchange? I suppose that's better than arguing. We both seem busy, so let's wrap this up some other time. Come to my hotel. Around noon in three days' time. Meet me at the bakery in Jingogae. Identify yourself. Why are you coming out of the house? Where did all the guards go? A woman? I said, identify yourself! This way. When being chased, it's safer to be somewhere bright and crowded. Why were you there just now? I couldn't stop thinking about the debt I owe you and the reason why you're mad at me. I'm too handsome to be hated, but that has been the case with you. Consider my debt repaid in double. It's safe for you to go alone from here. Go on. Are you just letting me go? What would I do with you? I'd rather be where I was headed. And where is that? The Police Bureau? The bar. Time won't pass, and two weeks is a long time. Is this the only bar in Hanseong? It's the only one open until late. This is the only vacant seat. It's actually not. It's the only corner seat. Here's your drink. Boss, would you like your usual snack? I don't need any, so don't bother me. Yes, sir. I heard about the ruckus at the hotel. Your room was ransacked, and you almost died too. You must be disappointed since it wasn't the outcome you were expecting. Yes, I'm bitter. You must be lucky. No, I'm skilled. A tall tree catches much wind. Do you know why you were almost killed? -I'm looking into it. -You better hurry. Minister Allen or whatever is having drinks with Lord Lee Wan-ik at the moment. I'd advise you not to associate with that man. You see, he's not a Joseon man. He's Japanese. Coming from you, I can't really take it seriously. Recently, an American railway engineer paid me in dollars for my service. That makes me American right now. Thanks for the intel. Have a snack. It's on me. -Over here. -Yes, sir? One large plate of sashimi. Right away, sir. Actually, make it a small plate. They give you big portions here. Everything in the drawers are gone. There's an inconsistency of what was taken. Were there two robbers in total, or did one take on two jobs? The guards were absent from their posts at the time. You should question them, sir. Leave them be. Gu Dong-mae's just digging his own grave. There's no harm in that. What's wrong with your neck? I'm sorry, sir. What should we do with Kim Yong-ju? You never know what he'll say at the American legation once the drugs wear off. He'll be out soon. Once he's out, stick him in the safest place possible. And where would that be? A prison cell at the Joseon Police Bureau. Yes, sir. I wonder. Why on earth was the letter taken? I haven't even finished reading it yet. My life is also vibrant. The only difference is that I wish to be a flame. Lord Lee Wan-ik? What kind of a man is he? Tell me what you know. Was it him who tried to kill you? How did we get from Kim Yong-ju to Lee Wan-ik? Lee Deok-mun looks after that opium addict, and Lee Deok-mun is under Lord Lee's care. The two are connected. Why did Lord Lee try to kill you though? I don't think he did. If that was his goal, he would've hired a sniper. There was no need to send someone to my room. Was it a greeting then? Something like that. He wanted to scare me off although I don't know why. Right now, I'm awaiting his next move. However, I don't know much about him. According to the rumor, Lee Wan-ik has Ito Hirobumi's support. Hence, if the Royal Court lets Lord Lee into the palace, it'll be the same as letting Ito Hirobumi in which is why they refused to do so. But since then, Ministers of Foreign Affairs have been dying left to right. And Lord Lee ordered the hits? Did he really? Carry on. I did see something odd in Hamgyong Province. There was a missing person poster of his wife. It's probably his first wife. -His first wife? -Yes. As far as I know, he remarried a Japanese woman. Then it can't be him who's looking for her. Who could it be then? Well, it's actually the owner of Glory Hotel. She's been searching for years. The owner of Glory Hotel is looking for Lee Wan-ik's wife? -There you go. -Take a look. Take a good look. Have you seen this woman? I'm not sure. Who is this? AUTOPSY REPORT I'm impressed. A daughter of a noble family wields a gun. Why did an owner of a hotel want the autopsy report? Those are all of the interpreters' reports. Did you find anything else among them? No. Were you injured? It was dark and raining. It'll heal soon. Thank you for your help. I made the choice. There's no need for you to be concerned. Do you resent me? No. You helped me realize my true feelings. If you hadn't stopped me that day, I would've run to him. You see, I had already heard that he was leaving Joseon. However, I stopped. And thanks to that, I was able to think. I thought back on every moment we met as well as his choices and mine. His choices were always quiet and heavy. They seemed selfish and sometimes cold. However, he was always walking in the right direction. That's why I didn't regret having feelings for him. I can no longer go back to before I met him. That's why I should let him go. If I don't, I might end up risking too much. I hear you're sobering up. Not killing you at the spot had better be worthwhile. Why did you search my room? -Give me water. -Who gave you the orders? -Or drugs. -How do you know Lee Wan-ik? I see hospitality is out of the question. Answer at least one question, and I'll consider it. How long have I been here? So you know you'll get out of here soon. That means you've worked for him for years. It's an old photo. It looks like it was taken in Tokyo. Who are they? How do you know them? They set off to kill you. Even if it takes time they will come for you. One of them, I killed. The other two... will be the ones to kill me. Answer in Korean. Is he going to check out of the hotel? He'll be investigated at the Police Bureau. After all, he attacked an American. We'll show how strict Joseon's laws are. You needn't worry. Whoever's behind this is very smart. As of now, the safest place for this man to be is inside the cell of the Police Bureau. Sorry for the nuisance. Please return his belongings. The photo. Where's the photo? -What photo? -Give my photo back! You should've tried talking to me earlier. You had many opportunities. Take him. I'll kill you! Give me back my photo! Have you lost your mind? I barely got you out. Keep it down. What's this about a photo? Is there something I don't know? I'll kill him. I'll kill-- This is why the police lock people up. -Take him away. -Yes, sir. My photo. I swear I'll come back for it. What did he do to be dragged away like that? Dressed in a suit at his age? He probably adopted the modern ways early. The educated tend to commit more crimes. It was you. You're the traitor. I had no other... I had no other choice. Did he see a ghost? My lady, close the window. It's not for your eyes. Why won't this close? My goodness. Let's hurry. I must ask you something. Will it take a while? I have plans. I'll keep it short. What a pity. You finally have a question for me and it has to be today? I heard you're looking for Lee Wan-ik's wife. Why is that? Lee Wan-ik's wife is not the one I'm looking for. It's my mother. In other words, that makes me Lee Wan-ik's daughter. Then that day, why did you give me the key? Are you asking if I'm on his side? There's no evidence that you aren't. You're right. The only evidence that I'm not on his side... is my desperate wish at that moment that you were to live. Some relatives are worse than strangers. If I were with him, I'd have given you the right key. If I wanted you dead, there were many other ways. I could've hired assassins... or poisoned your food. Eat. We must look natural. You were quite good with your sword. I'm learning a sport called fencing. You're good with a gun. There just happened to be one nearby. Why do you learn sword-fighting? To protect myself. What are you protecting? Why were you there? For the same reason. To protect myself. Why were you there? Have some more cake. It looks pretty and tastes good too. You won't answer at all. How do you explain why your lips are bruised? No one asks. They don't dare. I'm asking you. Right now. Don't think you have my weakness. What you have might just be a bomb waiting to explode. That's what I want to say to you. You and me both are holding a double-edged sword. That's fine then. Let's forget about that day. Just what I wanted. Was that natural enough? Very. How would you explain a bruise on a hotel owner's face? Even if I say it was a love spat, the more people talk, the more men will come by to have a look and I will make more money. Where do you spend all that money? I buy foods like this and all of that. He's still here. I'll cut to the chase. I came to ask you something. I need to know what this letter says. Have you been well? Read it now and tell me what it says. Your lips-- Read it. Were you hurt anywhere else? Read it. As you see, it's addressed to you. You're the only person I can ask. Why do you have this letter? I can't say how I got it. And I'll take it back when you're done. What does it say? What if I tell you a lie? I have no choice but to trust you. Who sent it? He's like a father to me. I want his name. What does he do? He's a missionary. Just then, a missionary with blonde hair and blue eyes showed up like my savior. What does it say? He asks if I'm well. That it's cold. That he's coming to Hanseong. He misses me. He learned to make takju. He wishes that God be with me. He asks if I'm getting along well with the woman I mentioned in my previous letter. I think I deserve to ask you a question. Why do you have this letter? Now give it back. I must go. I'll return it when things are sorted out. If you're still in Hanseong then. I'll ask one more thing. The emperor's bank certificate. You said you'd take the path that would ruin Joseon. Then why did you return it? I guess it was to make you turn around once more like you did just now. Shall I get back to business? Young master. Yes, I'm Kim Hui-seong. How have you been? My goodness, young master. You went abroad to study and you're back all grown up. I'm so happy to see you again. In these rapidly changing times, you still managed to stay in office. My grandfather would be proud. CHIEF OF POLICE I owe so much to your grandfather. You do. That's why I'm here to see you. Before his death, my grandfather gave this to me and said, "Go to them when you're in trouble. They will definitely help you." So I opened the ledger and on the first page was your name. So, could you lend me some money? Oh dear. As you know, I'm very busy investigating the death of the Minister of Foreign Affairs-- What a terrible thing that is. Seeing that you're busy, I'll leave as soon as I have the money. Young master. You honor me with your presence. All the letters from Hamgyong Province to Hanseong went missing and I'm completely out of my mind. What a terrible thing that is. You told me of your troubles without pausing to breathe which tells me the chief of police called you. Then you must know why I'm here. Your name is right on the second page. Page two. I wouldn't have bothered to read page three. Your name is on page two. You must have a lot on your mind, so I'll leave with the money. Now! Can I have a bowl of soup? A hefty serving please. Yes, young master. Just a moment. I'll help myself. Oh dear. You are just as loud as thunder. -What was that? -Is he crazy? -Who's he? -He's mad. What was that about? What was that for? I see you returned from your studies, young master. Does your stupid watch still work fine after all these years? My lord! My lord! Please have mercy on my family! Let go! My lord! My family! Have mercy on my family! Are you crazy? What are you doing in my diner? Do you know who he is? I won't buy water from you anymore. Get out. I said, get out! -Bring a dry cloth. -Okay. Young master. I'm so sorry. Do me a favor. Yes, master. Keep buying his water. He sells good water. Pardon? Oh dear. How long have you been standing there? I take it you saw everything. I'm fine. I'm used to it. Was it my father or my grandfather? The weather's quite cold. Dry yourself. They feel better after they vent at me and one out of three pities me. Pity is affection too. But I won't accept your affection. I'd be glad if you pretend you didn't see. Gosh. Aren't you Young Master Hui-seong? You're the ladies who dropped your beauty. I'm not able to pick it up today. Farewell. I got here before you did. If you care for drugs, take it. This is all there is worth taking. Why are you searching this room? Out of boredom. You looked thoroughly to just be bored. I couldn't help myself. Old habits die hard. What are you looking for? I'll help you look. I'll search on my own. The bank certificate was one thing. But I just can't trust you anymore. Let's go. There's nothing here. -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. ASAN, KYEONGHEUNG-GUN, HAMGYONG PROVINCE Who do you think you are to refuse me? You won't pour drinks, you won't take off your clothes. What makes you think you can keep saying no? Take your hands off. She's not a geisha. Get lost before things get out of hand. We won't ask you to pay. Are you crazy? How dare a ronin like you even speak to me? Just because you make a living here in Joseon, have you forgotten what you were in Japan? You were a bunch of beggars who licked feces when you were told to! You scumbag! Who do you think it was that let you beggars move here and make a living? Gu Dong-mae? No. It's Minister Hayashi and the gentlemen above him! We tamed the Joseon king and queen, made Joseon a vassal state, attacked Russia, and are now at the forefront of building a great Japanese empire. That's us! If you get that, get down on your knees. That or draw your sword. That way, I can go after Gu Dong-mae too. Right? Shoot. Shoot! Look who's here. You hit her. What? "I'm not a geisha. I'm just here to read fortunes. Please don't hit me." If you're able to recognize me, that means you aren't blind. Why stop a girl from trying to leave and not let her read your fortune? She's pretty accurate, you know. Hey. He wouldn't have called her just to have his fortune told. She wouldn't give him a chance. That lowborn wench! They finally drew their swords. Does this mean it's self-defense? If Gu Dong-mae gets down on his knees, I might forgive you all. I think it's time I teach you that we're in a different class. Don't look. You fool. What have you done? You're right. We're in a different class. We kill anyone. Because we can die without regrets even today. If Minister Hayashi hears about this, you will not get off unscathed. He'd better find out. Even Minister Hayashi never touched my men. Do you think that was because we like each other? It's because we have a use for each other. You stupid fool. Let's say you paid for the drinks. Get lost. Take Hotaru back. Clean up. Minister Hayashi docked a battleship in Incheon Harbor and is demanding we allow the use of Dai-Ichi Bank bills. We should agree before the rift between our countries becomes too great. A battleship in Incheon Harbor? Japan has great courage and power when it comes to making demands. You should watch what you say. Japan wants us to use their bills to prevent us from having a currency of our own. In other words, this is an infringement of sovereignty. We must accept their demand and accept their currency... so that transfers between our two countries go smoothly. That way, we can keep constructing the railroads. You keep forgetting because you're always accepting bribes. Our country is independent and autonomous. With that loan, Japan is trying to trap us. And even that railway will do nothing but cause a war between Japan and Russia. If war breaks out between them, our people will have to sacrifice their land and lives. It's all because the position of Minister of Foreign Affairs remains vacant. Absolutely. It's not like we don't have... a great candidate for the position. Why are you all looking at me? You haven't said a word. I was wondering if you'd like to add anything. I have nothing to worry about as long as vegetables grow well on this soil... because I'm the Minister of Farming and Trade. What do you expect me to add? I am in no position to express my opinion. A little while ago, you told me about Lady Ae-sin's grandfather. Does he have a son by any chance? Oh, yes. He did. He had two sons. "Had"? Well, it's quite sad. His elder son lost his life during the anti-Catholic riot while trying to rescue the villagers. And his younger son returned from Japan in a cremation urn shortly after the Unyo incident. The younger son is Lady Ae-sin's father. I'm grateful that Lord Go is still alive and well after everything that happened. What are his sons' names? The elder son's name was Go Sang-jin, and the younger son was Go Sang-wan. It's an old photo. It looks like it was taken in Tokyo. TOKYO, 1874 A rifle? We're absolutely not allowed to have things like that here. Why ask us? I thought you did anything for customers. Hence the name, Anything You Want. But still, we cannot have such an object at our shop. You said yourself that we've been through enough danger. You even thanked me. Can't you get one for me? I'd like the Mosin–Nagant model. There are regulations and laws concerning pawnbrokers. The Foreign Affairs Minister died, and all the letters and parcels in transit got stolen. Hanseong has turned into a dangerous place. -So you can't do it? -I'm saying it'll be expensive. How much are you thinking? Your logic makes no sense. Are you here for the letter? What is that? It's a gift. I thought you've probably never shot this rifle before. It's the Russian bolt-action rifle I told you about a while back. Why are you giving me this? I'd like to see you moving forward with this rifle and reaching somewhere. Wherever that may be and with whomever you may be at the end of that road. Then what about you? Where are you headed? This was my destination for today. Like I told you before, you'll have to practice holding it properly first. If you'd like to learn, I could stay in Joseon just until you master the craft. Would you like to learn? I am not a fast learner. Then it's even better. Until the moment I die, I will be Lady Ae-sin. You should be. There is no future in which we can be together. Just until yesterday, you weren't in my life. But now, you are. That's enough. Teach me... how to use that rifle. Familiarize yourself with its weight first. Until it feels as light as a feather. In America, people like you who are skilled in shooting are called "snipers." It used to refer to hunters who were skilled in accurately hitting those small, agile birds called snipes. Nowadays, the word refers to sharpshooters who can shoot very accurately. -Like you. -"Sniper." I like that. It'll still be hard to hit the target accurately. You should still try. That day... The day when we first met on that roof. I suppose I got busted because I was in need of a rebellious romance. What was your reason? My incompetence? I got you, didn't I? Hello, sir. Gosh. Don't waste your time. You know that no one on this land of Joseon can stop me. But you should still be taught a lesson. I must attend to my guest who's waiting. Was it your doing? What exactly are you referring to, Rinoie? The autopsy report. I have no idea what you're talking about. Did someone die? Give us a moment. You should've taken just the autopsy report. Why did you take the other things? They're not worth anything. That is what I need. How about an exchange? It sounds like you lost a number of things. You should take it up with the Police Bureau, Rinoie. You sure are my daughter. But you see, you have a long way to go to beat me. Your deceased husband had a daughter around your age with his ex-wife, didn't he? Matsuyama, that bastard, was going to give that autopsy report to that wench. I had to pay him a large sum of money to snatch it. If you were going to boast about it, you should have just killed him. That was your only chance to act like a decent father for a change. This is why I said you still have a lot to learn. Keep this in mind. Bastards like him always become the most obedient hounds. If he threatens me, do you think I'll do nothing about it? It's not like he doesn't have any children. So, don't even think about doing anything to him. I'll make that vicious hound become a royal physician. Your face is the only useful thing that you have. Who the hell hit you? Take good care of your face. You need to get remarried. Look who's here. We've met, haven't we? We met when you were signing the contract for your house. Are you enjoying living there? Don't even get me started. As you know, the American bastard who lived there before me died a brutal death. Maybe that's why nothing has been going my way since I moved there. Even a thief broke into the house a few days ago. This is why where you live is so important. Is that right? My hotel room was broken into as well. It's been such a headache. Oh, no. What kind of lunatic would break into an American soldier's room? One of the guys who work for you took that lunatic a few days ago. They seemed very close. Is that so? Whoever that idiot is, he should choose his friends wisely. Why does he hang out with such a lunatic? You didn't get hurt though, did you? I'm fine, as you can see. That is a relief. There's something I'd like to ask you since I ran into you like this. Are you married? You should go in. Make sure you lock your door. He's worse than I thought. What did he say to you? I saw the two of you conversing. He asked me if I'm married. If he asks you that question again, tell him that you're a patriot. I will tell my staff to prepare warm water for you. Now that I'm seeing it again, it's actually quite high. Boss, why did you want us to gather here? Time is passing painfully slowly. I'm going to visit the temple to kill some time. -The temple? -You guys stay here. I'll be back before sundown. What is a Japanese goon doing here? People must come to this temple for many different reasons. My gosh, you are a Joseon man. I heard that Lord Go Sa-hong's granddaughter was here a little while ago. Yes, she was. She visits from time to time to give alms and help us out. But she was in a mourning dress. Did someone pass away? Not exactly. That was because her parents' memorial tablets are at our temple. Where are they kept? KIM HUI-JIN, GO SANG-WAN I was in the area to get some spring water and... That was a lie. I ended up here because I tailed Lady Ae-sin. The journey here wasn't an easy one, and I was certainly not hoping to see this. You wouldn't welcome me, but I still wanted to say hello. Do you know what your daughter is up to? I wonder if she tells you such things. Then do you know why she is doing it? I... can't figure it out. Because I did not expect this, I used my sword. Do you know who the first person I slashed was? It was Lady Ae-sin. You're just a noble fool who lives in luxury. I carefully chose the most hurtful words and slashed her heart with them. Do you think it pained her? Sometimes, I hope she is still in pain. And at times, I hope she has completely forgotten the incident. But I should give up, right? Even if I hide everything and act like I know nothing... It won't go anywhere, right? Because it's me. I'm sorry. This is the only way we can have lunch together. It's okay. I'm happy that we get to eat baeksuk together. Actually, I've been thinking what we can do. If we keep sending letters through those around us, it will be such a hassle for them. We need a secret code. I can use the market days as an excuse. Inside the apothecary's drawer used for chameleon plant leaves, you'll find my letter. I'll leave a letter inside that drawer on every market day, so come collect it. CHAMELEON PLANT And... if you ever see a red pinwheel under the apothecary's roof, just know that something important came up and that I won't be able to write you for a while. Then that pinwheel that day... During that little while, I'll be a sniper. I wanted to tell you. I didn't want you to keep waiting at the apothecary. Then why did you return the music box? Was it your way of telling me that you'll never think about me? No, I just wanted to let you know that I was there. What would you have done if you had run into me? Then let me ask you. Why did you return the music box? To let you know that I left. How cruel! Thinking that you had left, I spent my days... -Did you cry? -I cursed you. Do you think I went there only that day? I could not even write you letters for you cannot read Korean, so... Go. Ae. Sin. Did you learn to write Korean? I memorized the letters. Just so you know, I can read and write English, Japanese, and Chinese. I just can't write in Korean yet. I am glad to hear that. I thought you were completely illiterate. I was wondering if I should draw in my letters. Then I will write in Chinese characters from now on. I missed you. I even know how to write that sentence. Do you want to see? You don't have to show me. I... missed... you... Gosh, the bottom consonant here... This is a tricky one. You... Have you ever seen the ocean? Yes, I have. At Jemulpo Harbor. You probably only got a glimpse of it since you were busy shooting. That's correct. But I learned all the words that are related to it. Have you ever seen the sunrise on the sea? I'd love to see it. It won't be easy, but let's go see it together someday. CHAMELEON PLANT I learned this word today. Do horses with so many stripes actually exist in America? The boy at the legation showed up with a ton of plum petals in his arms, saying they fell from trees overnight. Are you smiling now by any chance? The wind must've made the petals fall to put a smile on your face. Let's go see the ocean. Show me the incredible ocean that you've seen, the one that takes a month to get to. The amazing ocean that continues beyond the horizon. And let's also watch the sun as it rises over the ocean. If Lord Lee Wan-ik takes you under his wing, that itself will keep you safe. Are you married? I was the one that fired the gun. I can make you the culprit depending on your answer. I think I'm starting to have futile hopes. Take Ae-sin. If Lord Go Sa-hong makes a move, it will shake up the entire Joseon. I will make sure you end up as a corpse under a pine tree. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 