Vagabond: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Vagabond 
 s1e16 - Episode #1.16 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Vagabond (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 16 - Episode #1.16 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's time, sir. Even for a moment, neither have I pursued my own interest, nor lived a life for my own agenda. After being elected as the President, in order to make Korea better, I have always put my best efforts. Now Korea is standing at a major crossroad, and she needs a devoted President. It'd be a tragedy for the whole nation if the President wasted time 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to defend himself. Therefore, I, Jeong Gook-pyo will from now on, step down from office. 19 PARAMEDIC AMBULANCE I haven't been able to reach him for days. Find out where his phone has been turned off last. Thank you, Hwa-suk. Gosh, Cha Dal-geon! Who are you? We're the police. What are you doing in an empty house? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How do you know Mr. Cha? I'm his friend. We found his fingerprints in the ward where Kim Woo-gi was abducted. Excuse me? -Thank you. -Excuse me! When did you last meet him? So what you're saying is he has abducted Kim? That's outrageous! Yes? We've found Kim Woo-gi. Where is he? He's dead? KIM WOO-GI Are you sure it's him? We checked his DNA from his hip joint. It's him. What about this body? Didn't you check his DNA as well? He's not on our system. But his blood type is O. Mine is O, too. Give him my blood. The police are looking for Dal-geon as Kim's abductor. I hope you don't believe their accusation. The last place he used his cell was the fire site. Sir! What's wrong with you? You know his call history can be easily fabricated! Excuse me. These are from the fire site. NFS NATIONAL FORENSIC SERVICE -What? -It's our lucky charm. If you keep it, the luck will come to you. I know Dal-geon isn't the abductor. But we think that's Dal-geon's body. The victims from the chemical plant fire which happened on the 17th in Incheon have been identified. The police have confirmed the bodies found at the site are the B357 terrorist, Kim Woo-gi, and one of the bereaved, Cha Dal-geon. It appears Cha abducted and killed Kim, and set fire at the warehouse to kill himself, too. The police will close the case this week. CHA DAL-GEON CHARNEL HOUSE It's such a shame. Consider it a blessing. You're now off to meet your nephew. That's the one, right? 8685. You can be useful sometimes. I can continue to be your partner, right? I never care for a partner, but maybe a minion. I can't believe Kim Woo-gi's abductor is Edward. What the fuck is going on? CHA DAL-GEON Get in the car now. What's wrong? Cha Dal-geon is there. Cha Dal-geon? What the hell is he doing there? Are you fucking crazy? Do you have a death wish? Fuck! Save Kim Woo-gi! Wake up, Cha. Come on now! Carry him. Hurry up, and bring him out! -Hurry! -Fuck! As the acting President, I'll get to the bottom of the former President's corruption scandals, and tighten the discipline of all government officials. Basically, principles and earnest efforts will be respected and appreciated so that a new and healthy Korea will be built. I hope the citizens' pain by this whole mess will be mended quickly. I promise to pour my soul and heart to use this chance to bring joy and pride to everyone. My fellow citizens, let's do it together. Your inaugural speech was superb. Yeah? Got the approving rate? It's 42%. What? That's it? That's over 10% higher than the former President. That's a very good start considering you've done nothing yet. Sir... Samael is asking for a meeting. He's expecting you. He is Samael. I believe I should start off again on the right foot. You think my order is a joke? I told you to close the F-X deal with Dynamic ASAP. Open it. LIST OF GOVERNMENT MINISTRIES Heads of government ministries, financial institutions, and public enterprises must be changed to the ones on that list. Only the president can do that. Oh. I wasn't told you'd be involved in minute matters like this. Why do you think we put you in that position? Obviously, it's because I'm capable enough-- Are you? Do you know why conflicts between nations occur? It's not for money, but for power. The one who holds the debt incurred during the conflicts will be entitled to the world. In other words, whether it's a nation or an individual, whoever makes their customer owe them a debt becomes the master. You think you can accomplish that all by yourself? Don't be overconfident and quick to judge. We can replace you with anyone for the next president. I'll keep that in mind, sir. There's a flash drive in there. Read and learn the trade negotiations and policies toward other nations. But the thing is, I'm not quite popular among the citizens, so it's not certain if I'll be the next president. Get the oil drilling project in the Kingdom of Kiria, and you'll quench the nation's economic thirst, which will naturally increase your approval rate. Okay, thank you for the tip. You may leave. And one more thing. Wrap up all the investigations about the crash. You got it. Can we trust that guy? Dal-geon got murdered. He risked his life to take Kim to court. Why would he kill the suspect and himself right before the appellate trial? O Sang-mi, Kim Woo-gi, and Dal-geon are all victims of Samael-- The Task Force team is now dismissed. Every enforcement agency was ordered to wrap up all investigations on the B357. Upon becoming the acting President, Hong has shown his true colors. ACTING PRESIDENT HONG SUN-JO WE WILL MAKE A HEALTHY KOREA EDWARD PARK, MICKY, JEROME JO BU-YEONG, BLACK SUN JEONG GOOK-PYO INTERVENTION? ACCOMPLICE? HONG SUN-JO BLACK SUN BLACK SUN Fucking doodler. How much longer will you live off us? He doesn't live off you! You have no say in this. Are you running a charity here? He's accused of being a murderer, so let him play opossum here. Don't be mean. Show him some mercy. You showed not even an ounce of mercy to me, but you're fucking generous to this sucker. Whatever. Are you not going to contact Go Hae-ri at all? No, and you aren't, either. Why not? You two seemed very close. Had a fight? Drop the gun. Or else, all the families and Go Hae-ri will die because of you. You're killing them all. From now on, she has nothing to do with me. I'm leaving Korea soon. You should find a way to live before that. You said you knew Black Sun. Jessica asked me to research them. How can I get in? Why? To kill Jerome? MICKY Micky is from their unit. EDWARD PARK DYNAMIC CEO Edward must have authority over them. Not anybody can get in, and the tests are excruciatingly hard. What if you help me? This is why you shouldn't help those in desperate need. Look, my hand is not for public use. I'm not giving it for free. How much is it to hire you? Hey, you fucking beggar. Are you listening to yourself? You're living off us! I'm very expensive. Ten times more expensive than your life. The DA's special division investigating the scandals of the F-X plan will request an arrest warrant for the former President Jeong by this week, who has been confining himself at his residence in Hongeun-- Yes? This is Cha Dal-geon. Who did you say you are? It's Cha Dal-geon. Is this a new fraud impersonating the deceased by mimicking his voice? I'm right outside. Please open the door. Aren't you dead? No time to explain. I hope you didn't forget your promise to help me. Go on. I need money. What for? I'm going into the monster's den to get the monster. Go to the Myeong-dong curb market, and look for Jjanggu's mom. She'll give you as much as you need. It's strange, though. I don't think you'll be struck dead even by lightening. That's why I'm helping you. Your life is collateral, and I'm confident I won't suffer a loss. Before getting rid of those jerks, I can't die. Can you give me some space? It's me. Why haven't you visited me? I'm going back to America. What? I have a new client, and he's offered me loads of money. Okay, fine. Just do me a favor. Meet Deputy Attorney General Brian, and tell him to summon me. Okay. That's all I will do for you. By the way, do you know who Samael is? Who is it? Edward Park. Are you sure? Watch your back. The devil is dangerously near you. What's wrong? What? No, nothing. -Give me that. -Okay She's being released today. You have information about Samael? Come and sit first. It's from Jessica. I'm being watched by Samael. He could kill me any day. If you want to know who he is, I need your protection before being summoned to America. Let me go to prison. Are you out of your mind? If Jessica dies, we'll never know who Samael is. There's nothing we can do officially. Then let's do it unofficially. What if you get caught? Then we'll be cuffed up for insubordination. I need to catch Samael, that son of a bitch. Please let me do this. Jessica's life is under threat. So will be yours. I don't care. I'll lay out a plan. Sir, you'll let her do it? She completed worse missions. I'm counting on you. Thank you. Make up a story first, then cuff Hae-ri. Yes, sir. I can't believe this. Next. Come here. Turn around. Look to the front. CRIME: HIDING CRIMINAL PROCEEDS NAME: GO HAE-RI There was a Korean consul who was arrested for bribery from a Moroccan drug cartel. Apparently, she was involved in the money laundering. She must be working undercover. Wasn't her team dismissed? I think she's working alone. That means Jessica knows something. Why don't you get rid of her? Let's keep an eye on her. Why don't you kill her right away? I want to know how much she knows. We can get rid of her afterward. This is not how you operate, boss. She'll cause trouble for sure-- Forgive me. Don't forget Samael has an eye on you. Among guards or inmates, there will be some of his men. Go Hae-ri will recognize you. Be careful. It's safe in here. Who is Samael? I can't tell you right now. What would I be without that information? We'll be roommates soon till you're recalled to America-- It's you who killed Dal-geon! Who fed you that fucking bullshit? Say it! Who's behind you? -Bitch! -What are you doing? Break it off! Get the fuck off me! No time to lose. Who is Samael? Edward. Edward Park? Do you remember Jerome? That asshole is a guard here. Dal-geon was killed by Edward. You're a fucking crazy bitch! -I'll kill you! -Get the fuck off me! I said to get off me, you bitch! Edward. You fucking devil. You have a visitor. Come out. TO ESTABLISH LAW AND ORDER I was surprised to hear the news. Do you have a lawyer? I'll get you a good one if you don't. Or I can be your-- I've come here voluntarily. I don't understand. Cha Dal-geon was killed by Jessica. Do you have proof? Samael, Black Sun, the black operator's tattoo. All the information we got from O Sang-mi is fake. Jessica deceived O. Why would she do that? She's trying to buy herself time and confuse the investigation, so that she can be recalled to America in the meantime. And Dal-geon found it out, so she killed him. You can't prove her crime by being here. If there's no lawful way, I'll deal with her myself. For killing Dal-geon, I'll pay her back. Send me to another place! I can't stand that fucking bitch. Go Hae-ri attacked Jessica again. She doesn't seem to put on a show. Because she's showing what she wants to show. That's why it's called a show. What are you looking at? Guards, do something! Be quiet. Go just picked up a scalpel. -Oh! -Hey, what are you doing! Let me go! Let me go! -That crazy bitch-- -I'll kill you! Get off me! I'll kill you! Get off me! Let go! I'll kill you! Jessica is asking for a phone call. -Allow it. -Okay. Yes? This is Jessica. I thought you were in prison. I want to meet you. Come and visit me. The life here has taken a toll on you. This is my email and password. Rebate, tax evasion, and illegal arms trade. All the hideous crimes John & Mark committed are in there. If I expose these, the NEC will sanction your company, and its stocks will plummet to the point of bankruptcy. Then you want me to take it over? For old times' sake, I'm giving you the last gift. I don't understand why you suddenly have a change of heart. Those assholes stopped me from being recalled to America. What I did for the company meant nothing to them. They left me to die here. I appreciate your gift. Why aren't you asking me for help? I can easily make it happen for you to be recalled. Is it because of your ego? Or-- Even if it costs my life, I'll never ask you for help. Yes, I'm all ears. Have Jessica summoned to the States. DONGANG PRISON Get in! As soon as I got to America, I bailed myself out. It's not a big crime for a lobbyist to lobby. So tell me. Have you thought about my proposal? As a low-level NIS employee, you can't avenge Cha's death. Come to America with me, and get trained for six months. I can make you a top lobbyist. After that? We'll go to the Kingdom of Kiria. Hong Sun-jo is working with Edward on an oil drilling project there. I will take it away from them. We can't have Hong as the president, and I can make some money out of it. Make up your mind now. If it's yes, we'll go to the airport. Let's go to the airport. That's my girl! A lobbyist should know her timing. It's Kiria's Minister of National Defense. Geon, I've just hacked into their radio, and the babysitter who will get the biochemical weapon is Jerome. If that jerk recognizes you, you're dead. If you're done there, make an excuse and get the hell out. Geon. Are you there? I hope you aren't thinking of doing something stupid! I don't care if something happens to you fucker, but I won't allow you to compromise our pay-- Geon, listen. You've just made it into the Black Sun. It'll be all for nothing if you screw up before revealing-- Geon! Fuck! One of the bereaved from the B357. Cha Dal-geon. Scared, huh? Painful, too? Your fear. Your pain. They're nothing compared to what my nephew suffered in the crash. Just fucking kill me! Shoot me, motherfucker! The antidote. This shot can save you if you get it within two minutes. You'd better answer fast. What is your organization? What the hell is Axis? Why does Edward need the biochemical weapon? Please give me... the vaccine. One minute left. Where do you plan to attack? When you're in hell, remember my nephew's name. It's Hoon. Cha Hoon. MAYOR GWON HA-SEONG LEADING THE RACE FOR THE NEXT PRESIDENCY My approval rate is way below than that of Gwon Ha-seong. In this Presidential election, the Kiria oil drilling project might be the last variable. You know that, right? Their royal family contacted a new lobbyist. I can't remember the name, but it's a female lobbyist. Anyway, they are quite interested in what she's offering. I'll deal with it my way, so mind your own business. Please don't leave any loose ends. I'm counting on you. Okay, let me see you off here. Get ready for the election while I'm in Kiria. That arrogant attitude. I can't take it anymore. Wait just until you become the President. After that, the tables will turn. Damn, let's go. It's an honor to serve you. You've got many things to do in Kiria. I'm at your service. I'll do anything for you. Oh, okay. This way, please. I heard she's a lobbyist, but she's so stuck-up. Still, she's here to seduce Jaafar with her body. I wonder whether she'll see heaven or hell tonight. We'll know tomorrow morning. I swear I'm not lying. Want me to tell you if it's heaven or hell? But I'm not sure if you'll still be alive. Forgive us. We've made a big mistake. Even if I forgave you, I don't think Jaafar would. Please don't say anything to him, ma'am. If you want to stay alive, focus on driving, and no more talking. Move, move! Subtitle translation by Jean S. Kim 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 