Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e6 - Log 161: And You Want Me to Get Married? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 6 - Log 161: And You Want Me to Get Married? - full transcript 
 After an evening at Jim's with his wife, Pete's girlfriend Donna is making marriage comments that has Pete running for cover. Mixed in with their calls is a domestic noise complaint Pete uses to support his bachelorhood. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. That Donna's a nice girl. I mean it. A real nice girl. Uh-huh. We'll check the hills first. Okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And she's darned good-looking, too. Most of those fires have been set in the daytime. Maybe we can get one more swing through before dark. You know, Jean and I sure enjoyed having the two of you over the other night. What's the matter? Something bugging you? You better believe it. I took Donna out again last night. And you had a fight? Just the opposite. Now she's making noises like she wants to get married. No kidding? I wish I were. (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity and 1-Adam-12. A 211 just occurred at 917 North Main 1-Adam-12, Code 2. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 1-Adam-12, roger. Marty's again! That's one unlucky guy. Take a look around back. Right. Anybody here? Yeah! Went across the street to borrow enough to make change. Boy, this is getting to be a habit. No sign of anyone. They got away, huh? Looks that way. Can you give us a description? Not much. [teller machine dings] Guy was about, oh, your build. Say, 30-35 years old. Brown hair, brown eyes. [sighs] Nothing unusual. What was he wearing? Light blue denim pants, and a black turtleneck shirt. Did you get a look at him after he took off? Yeah, he was parked down the street. He had a big green four-door job. Kinda old. Took off west on Tenth street. Get the license plate or the make of car? No, it was too far away. What did he get you for? Cleaned me out. $108 and change. Guess I ought to be grateful he hit me so early. Better get it on the air right away. Yeah. Ah. Won't do any good. He's probably on the freeway before I had a chance to call it in. This close to the interchange, he could be in Pasadena by now. Yeah, or Ventura, or Long Beach or anywhere. 1-Adam-12 requesting frequency for additional on 211 at 917 North Main. (female dispatcher) All units on frequency one, stand by. 1-Adam-12, go ahead. One suspect, male Caucasian, 30 to 35, six feet, medium build, brown and brown, wearing light blue denim pants and a black turtleneck shirt. Last seen heading westbound on Tenth in an old, green, four-door sedan, make unknown. Took approximately $108. Suspect is armed. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. You know anybody who wants to buy a nice, fast liquor store? Good clientele. Dandy location. Right on top of the freeway. Did he take anything else? [sighs] No. What kind of a gun did he use? A big one. It's Braner, isn't it? Yeah, B-R-A-N-E-R. Martin W. You want to take it a easy, Mr. Braner, until we get our report. Look at me. It's only matter of time before one of those guys puts a bullet in me. Second time. Yeah. It must've been the second time, 'cause the third time, the guy used a knife. Anyway, this guy hit me right across the mouth with his gun. Look at that, all false. There's $400 worth of surgery and dental work there. Why didn't you hit the silent alarm? You gotta be kidding. This guy was a pro. They all are. Agent brought a guy around the other day. I've got this place up for sale. He, uh, checked the books and, uh, watched the action for a while. I thought I had him hooked. Then he talked around the neighborhood and that's the last I seen of him. That's four hold-ups in less than six months. The detectives may want to stake the place out for a while. That's about all we can do. Oh, I am not worried. I got through this one. Maybe I can sell the joint to some pigeon before there is any more trouble. Your signature, Mr. Braner. [sighing] Yeah, I know. So, Donna's turning serious on you, huh? Yeah, I think you did it to me, partner. How? I only met her when you brought her over to dinner. And the very next time I take her out all she wants to talk about is what a lovely house you two have and how wonderful Jean looks with the baby coming and what a cute little whatchamacallit you're putting together. Layette. Yeah. Well, when I go out with a girl, I don't wanna to spend the evening talking about layettes and all that stuff about how happy the two you seem to be. Well, we are. Pretty sickening. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] Fellas! We'd like to talk to you a minute. Hi, fellas, where're you headed? To the dam. How far have you come? Oakwood. (Reed) Is that where you live? Yes, sir. That's a pretty good haul. It's a lot farther than we figured. Then you haven't been up this way before? Just in a car. Never hiked it. What're your names? Jimmy d'Angelo. Larry Hunt. The turn-off's about a quarter of a mile ahead. Then you got maybe a mile to go after that. Do you fellas know why we stopped you? We were walking on the wrong side of the road. That's one reason. It's pretty dangerous. We forgot. That's all. Either of you fellas carrying matches? Uh-uh. How about you Jimmy? No, Sir. There've been a lot of fires up here, lately. We know two of them were set. And the others were kids fooling around with matches. That's why we come up this way. We wouldn't do anything like that. These hills get so dry this time of the year. All you have do is to look at them sideways, and they go up like a torch. Okay, remember to walk against the traffic now. Yes, sir. Have a good time. [female dispatcher continues chattering] It's nothing to get all bent out of shape about. Donna liked us that's all. She said how much she envied you. And she kinda leaned on it. That was the tip-off. I had a good relationship with that girl. Don't look for any sympathy from me. I think it's about time somebody caught up with you. Hey. A car just went off the road up there. Where? I saw her coming. I knew she wouldn't make that curve. And sure, enough-- How far up? Oh, a half a mile. You can't miss it the guard rail's all tore up. Thank you. Get his license number? Yeah. (Reed) Oh, brother. 1-Adam-12. We have a car overturned and off the road on Hansen one-half mile east of the Mill Creek cutoff. Request an ambulance. Malloy, it's leaking gas! Request a fire truck for a wash-down. And a tow unit. Code 2. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. Get the ignition. Anybody else in the car? No. She's still alive. We can't rock it off her. That log, maybe we can pry it off. [groaning] [moans] Little more. Her leg's caught under the seat. Lady. Lady. Mmm... Found this. [mumbling] Does that sound like a name to you? Could be. Lady, can you hear me? Can you understand me? Was there anybody in the car with you? [mumbles] Take it easy. Was there anybody in the car with you? [mumbling] Sounded like "baby". Was there a baby in the car with you? [groans] She might've had a kid with her. Mighfve been thrown clear. I'll take a look around don't touch her unless the fire starts again. Keep an eye on her and watch it. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] We've covered an area of 50 feet on either side of the path the car took from the top of the hill. Okay. Telephone's listed to Mr. Hedley at this address. There's no answer. Malloy, you're sure she said something about a baby? Sounded like it but I'm not sure. Reed? I'm pretty sure. Of course, that doesn't mean she had a kid in the car. Yeah, people sometimes leave these in the car whether they've got a youngster with them or not. A crack-up like this, it's easy for somebody to get thrown a long way. We'd better cover all this area. All right, lets form a line and sweep this side. Hey! The baby, it's here! Marco, get an ETA on that other ambulance. [baby crying] How's the little girl, Sergeant? Uh, Hannah, isn't it? Yeah, we got hold of her father. She's getting a transfusion. She's gonna be all right. What about Mrs. Hedley? Both legs smashed up. Broken pelvis. Probably some internal injuries. She'll be in the hospital for a while. It could've been worse. Yeah, the speed she hit that curve... Oh. You know why she was in such a hurry? She had to get to the beauty parlor. How bad is your hand? Ah, just a couple of little blisters. Tell me something. What've you got against Donna? You keep pushing that girl like she's your ugly sister. Ease up, will you? The first half-way mention of marriage and you start back-pedaling so fast you never give it a chance. You said it. Donna seems like a nice girl to me. Donna is a great girl. Swims like a fish, good sense of humor, bowls 130, loves to dance. I know lot of great girls. And they all got a little something different to offer. How many girls did you go out with? Before you got yourself trapped. Three or four. Then I met Jean in my senior year. Well, that was it. I thought so. You were probably born domesticated. I like it. You don't know what you've missed. Its great getting acquainted with somebody new. Going to a lot of different places. Let me tell you something, very seriously, Pete. A home and family, that's where the satisfactions are. Maybe you just haven't caught onto that yet. Then don't disturb my ignorance 'cause I'm having a ball. (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity additional on the 211, which just occurred at the liquor store, 917 North Main. Marty's again. Suspect last seen westbound on Ninth. Suspect is armed. A male Caucasian, late twenties, average build, brown hair, brown eyes, about 6' 3", wearing light colored pants red-and-white checkered sport shirt. Twice in three hours. Nobody can be that unlucky. Description wasn't much help. But at least we're right on top of it this time. See if there was a car. 1-Adam-12. On that 211, any car described? (female dispatcher) No car seen or heard. 1-Adam-12, roger. He must've turned off somewhere. He could be off the street by now. Let's try over on Eighth. There he is. (Reed) Which one? Checkered shirt. All right! Hold it! Hands up and hold it. Over against the wall and lean on your hands. Oh, man. Feet back and spread 'em. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] Left hand on your head. Let's go. All right, get in and move over. How did you spot him? He's too short. A man holds a gun on you it can make him look taller. He was walking down the street looking back over his shoulder with his shirt out to hide a gun. I don't know maybe a hunch, an instinct. You have the right to remain silent. If you give up the right to remain silent anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law. You have the right to speak with an attorney and to have the attorney present during questioning. If you so desire and cannot afford one, an attorney will be appointed for you without charge before questioning. Do you understand each of these rights that I have explained to you? Sure, sure. Do you wish to give up the right to remain silent? Yeah, I don't mind the bust. I mean you'd figure a liquor store this time of day, be good for $60, $70. Yup. You ought to be able to count on it. But you saw what I got. And four bits of that's mine. And that guy in there, he's crazy. I held a gun on him and he started laughing. That-- That's no way for him to act. Laughing? L-it ain't natural. What's funny about a hold-up? Nothing. Maybe he just figured your luck was even worse than his. He's sure right about that. Somebody else knocked him over three hours ago. We gotta come here again. Yeah, the food was pretty good. Good food, we can get anywhere. They got cute waitresses. You know married men live longer than bachelors? Like the old joke. It only seems longer. No, it's a fact. Regular life. Good food. Now, I'll go home tonight, we'll maybe sit in the kitchen and have something to eat, and I'll tell her what we did. About little Hannah and that guy we just booked. Everything will be, you know, good. Come on, I just ate. On the other hand, you'll go unlock the door to that pad of yours-- It'll be dark and empty and nobody there to welcome me. Exactly. But I can put my feet on the furniture and leave crumbs all over the place. It evens out. (female dispatcher) Standby, 70-27, go ahead 70-27, spell the street name. 70-39, roger. Malloy? Yeah? What are you doing Thursday night? Nothing much. I'm to ask you. Jean and I were talking last night and, uh... Yeah? Thought we'd go to the beach for dinner. Maybe catch a show on the way back. Won't make a big deal out of it or anything. We were wondering if you might wanna come along. Sounds pretty good sure. Sure. But this one's on me. Oh, no, it's not. It's only fair. You had me over to dinner. I owe you. I'm not going to argue with you about it. We, uh, we thought we'd make a foursome out of it again. What've you got in mind for me? Total destruction? We didn't know there was a problem. It doesn't have to be Donna. Bring somebody else. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12. 1-Adam-12. See the man. 507 radio. 107, 24 Grandview Drive. 1-Adam-12, roger. N'[music playing loudly] It's been going on like this for a half-hour. It's the Whitleys. Yes, sir. I went over and banged on the door. I don't think they can even hear me. Yes, sir. We'll take care of it. It's always something with those two. [bell ringing] N'[loud music continues] Hey! We'd like to talk to you, a minute. Would you turn that down, please? Make her turn hers down! We've had a complaint! [TV blaring] Would you turn that thing down, please? Certainly! [switches TV off] [sighs] Now you two must realize that you can hear these things for blocks. The neighbors are complaining. Oh, I didn't mean to disturb anybody. I've been just trying to sit and look at television. In a pig's eye. You didn't care about the TV until I started listening to records. And I only did that beca-because you wouldn't let me alone! All right, hold it down. It's a pity we can't afford a decent-sized house so we could do both at once. All right! All right! All right! Can we go over there where we can talk for a minute? May I have your name please, ma'am? Mrs. Vera Cort Whitley. That's your husband? Yeah. And you two have been having a fight. I just wanted to sit in front of the TV and relax after work. I have to help support us, you know. Mrs. Whitley, our main concern is that there isn't any disturbance after we leave. I won't make any. Fine. I'll talk your husband. His name's Benjamin Whitley. He said his wife threw a pan of hot grease on him. Roll up your sleeve, Mr. Whitley, let's take a look. I was so worked up I didn't even-- I didn't even feel it until just now. Go ahead, Ben, whine about all your little troubles. You mind, Mrs. Whitley. Why should I. You ought to have that looked at. It's awful late. The hospital's right down on Fairmont. Well, maybe. Now, how did you get started tonight? The things we said this morning. Things we said yesterday. This never let's up anymore. Did you give your wife any reason to throw the pan at you? I called her a few names. I admit that. Is this gonna startup all over again, as soon as we leave? Oh, listen, Officer, this is not a man that you're talking to. This is a child He's a big cry baby. You can see for yourself. She won't let up. She's just gonna make me mad again. Look do you think it'd do any good if you got out of the house for a while? Maybe spent the night somewhere else? It's only a suggestion. It might let things cool down. No... I'll try to keep it quiet. Well, there's one more thing we ought to tell you. You probably have an assault charge against your wife. You mean arrest her? We'll have to hear her side of it but if you want to make a complaint, yes. Oh, now look. Here they come. We didn't start out like this. Nobody ever does. What happened? (Vera) Ah, the big tears. They're right on schedule. Poor old leaky Ben. Where did it all go? Yeah, that's what I'd like to know. Where did it all go? What happened to the man that I thought I married. What turned him to this creep, this vegetable... This big overgrown baby. Oh yes, Ben, there are a lot of questions that I'd like the answers to like how much longer am I going to be able to stand living in the same world with you? All right, come on, come on, lady. Do something for once in your bloody lousy life. And you want me to get married. Oh, it doesn't have to be that way. I guess not. Well, sure once in a while. But most of the time it's not like that at all. Okay I'll take your word for it. Ah, it's about time to head for the barn. Uh-huh, decided yet what you're going to do about Thursday? I'll give Donna a call. She'd probably like to go. Sometimes I just don't understand you. It's simple enough. I don't know enough girls to keep risking a new one with you every time we go out. Donna's already got the bug about marriage, so you can't do me any more damage there. I guess not. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll set it up with Jean and Thursday night we'll put on a fight for you. Reed! You're absolutely hopeless. I mean, here I am a happy bachelor... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 