Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e12 - Log 61: The Runaway - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 12 - Log 61: The Runaway - full transcript 
 Walters and Brinkman are on a roll lately and like to brag, much to the irritation of Reed. He and Malloy help them out by finishing one of their calls, then rescue a sick teenage girl and arrest the young man who took her in. Back on patrol, they meet an informant who gives them a tip on a big drug buy scheduled for 11pm. They give the info to Sgt. Miller who asks them to help in the bust. They banter with Walters and Brinkman during meal break then take a prowler call before it's time to set up for the big drug meet at 10pm. The bust is a bust and called off at 12:15am when nobody shows. The next day they find out Walters and Brinkman gave the buyer a traffic ticket at 10:30pm. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. 1-Adam-41, 1-Adam-41, a 459 there now. 3270, Washburn. 1-Adam-41 Code 2. There they go again. Brinkman and Walters. Yeah, they've been riding the hottest car in the Division. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What was that address again? 3270, Washburn. That's only a couple blocks. Let's roll on it. Lately, every time something goes down, they've been right on top of it. Yeah, it's kinda like baseball. Sometimes you get hot and sometimes you get lucky. Right now Brink and Walters are lucky and hot. But don't let it bug you, our turn will come. Ah, it's the way they act, you know, pushing it all the time. Yeah, Brink's got a weird sense of humor, and Walters isn't exactly famous for his humility. Should be just around the corner. They couldn't possibly be there yet. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They did it again. Nobody could be that lucky. Hey, am I glad you guys showed up. (Malloy) What happened? Well, it was really a coincidence. We were ticketing a 586 over here and a call came down. This guy comes sneakin' out of this apartment house, loaded with all this stuff. We didn't even have to get in the car. He walked right into us. Some police work. Some guys got it and some guys don't. So why are you so glad we showed up? Well, Pete, the trouble is, uh, we didn't finish ticketing those cars, and I thought, maybe if you guys don't mind that, uh... Well, finished? Yeah. This will do it. What's this all about? Uh, there's no parking here, sir. No parking? What are all these other cars doing here? Well, they've just been ticketed, too. Ticketed? But there's not even a sign posted. Oh, the sign's posted right there. Oh, you can hardly see it. Besides, I only went in to see my sister for about a minute. I'm sorry, sir. There's no parking here anytime. Oh, why don't they put these signs where somebody can see 'em? You know John Williams? Works in Frauds. Comes in my store a lot. You mean Sergeant Williams? Yeah. He's a very good friend of mine. He's a good friend of mine, too. So, aren't you gonna take the ticket back? No, sir. What do you mean, "no"? That's a courtesy card he's got. It's a business card, it's for reference only. What do you mean "business card"? Don't you guys honor these anymore? We never did. Courtesy cards. You'd think the guy would have more sense than to try to pull that old dodge on us. He must've been kinda desperate. Some people take a traffic citation harder than a felony bust. Yeah. Walters and Brinkman get a burglary suspect right in their laps, and we wind up with an irate citizen. That's the way it goes. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, see the woman regarding a juvenile problem. 6341, Huntley Place. I'm not being nosy, mind you, but there are certain things a person can't help but notice. I've been living in this neighborhood 20 years. I've seen some strange things, but nothing like the last two years since these crazy kids started moving in. What kids? Hippies. What about 'em? There are four of 'em living across the street. This one girl, she can't be over 16, always coming over to borrow things. Is that why you called us? No. You see, about a week ago, she stopped coming. Then this morning I saw one of those characters who live there, I asked him what happened to Carol, that's her name. He just kinda shrugged his shoulders, and said something about going home. You don't believe him? I wasn't sure. Then about 20 minutes ago, I heard some yelling. So I went to the window, just in time to see Carol come running out of the house. She looked sick, or drunk, or something. Then what happened? Then this hippie that I was telling you about, Ray I think his name is, he came running out right after her, grabbed her and dragged her back inside. That's why I called you people. We'll check it out right away. Thank you very much for reporting it. Let's go. We'd like to talk to you. So, talk man. Is there a girl named Carol living here? Why? We want to talk to her. Is she here? Don't get all uptight, man. She split about a week ago. Mind if we come in and take a look around? You guys have no right to come in here. What are you, the Gestapo? You just go around kicking people's doors down? I'm no criminal. Nobody's kickin' your door down. We're asking if we can come in. What if I say no, man? You gonna bust in anyway? Look, we've got good information she's here, maybe against her will. Now, we don't have any more choice about this than you do. So you're coming in either way. Okay man, come on. But I'm telling you, she split a week ago. Why don't you take a look around while I keep our friend company? Right. Haven't you cops got anything better to do than hassling innocent people going about their business? Just what is your business? My business: life, liberty, [grunting] but most of all, the pursuit of happiness. You got anything with your name on it? Now why would you want something with my name on it? Am I under arrest? No. You're not under arrest. I just like to know who I'm talking to. [sighing] Man, all you have to do is ask me my name, I'll tell you, I'm not ashamed of it. Raymond P. Evans. My friends call me Ray. You can call me Raymond. Mr. Evans, we were told that there are four people living here. Where are the other three? Ah-ha. The other two. Carol's gone, one from four makes three. I'm here, the other two are working. They're working now? Yeah. Billy's a bus boy at Dreams. Marcia's out selling papers. [sighs] Where'd you find her? Out in the back, all wrapped up in blankets. I think she's runnin' a fever. What's your name, Miss? Carol. Carol what? Anderson. Carol Anderson. How old are you, Carol? 16. Where do you live? I live here now. Does your family know where you are? They know I'm gone. You ran away, didn't you? Take a look at these. What do you make of it? They're hype marks. She's been shootin' somethin'. Before we go any further, Carol, I wanna give you your rights. "You have the right to remain silent. "If you give up that right to remain silent, "anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. "You have the right to speak with an attorney, "and to have him present during questioning. "If you so desire and cannot afford one, "an attorney'll be appointed for you without charge before questioning." Do you understand these rights as I have explained them to you? Yeah. Yeah, I understand. But--But why are you telling me all of this? Do you want to give up the right to remain silent? No, I... Yes, I... [sighing] Look, I-- I'll tell you whatever you want to know, but--but I haven't done anything wrong. Do you want to give up the right to speak with an attorney and to have him present during questioning? Okay. I don't think I need an attorney. How did you get the needle marks on your arm? I've shot speed before, but--but honest that's not why I'm sick now. You mean methadrine. [sighing] Speed, meth, crystals, whatever you wanna call it. Are you on anything now? No, I've never felt like this before. How do you feel? Oh, I don't know. L--l just don't know. Every time I shot speed, I--l always came down nice and easy, you know, it--it was really groovy, no problems. But--but now, I-I'm feeling kind of out of it. It--It's this fever, I--l can't beat it. How long have you had the fever? Oh, I--l think it started last week. I--I--I wanted to go to the doctor, but--but I was scared. He said that I shouldn't go. Ray said that the doctor would see the needle marks in my arms and turn me in. [sighing] You better call an ambulance. It looks like infectious hepatitis. Where's your phone? Over there. Honest, I didn't know, Carol. I thought it was just a cold, or something you'd get over real quick. You're such a beautiful person. (Carol) What's gonna happen to me now? First, we're gonna get you to the hospital. Then, you'll have to speak with the juvenile authorities. We don't know if there's a missing report out on you. [sighing] Don't spend a lot of time looking. My dad was glad to see me go. You know, in my whole life I've never really been happy. This is the first place I've ever felt a part of something. Like I belong. The ambulance is on the way, shouldn't take more than a few minutes. Well, now that everything's under control, I've gotta take off. Now, Carol, you take care of yourself. I'll be seeing you around. Stay right here, pal. Just what do you know about all this? Me? I don't know anything. I just gave her a place to stay. I took her off the street, you know. Just trying to be a nice guy. Evans, you're under arrest. What for? For a start, contributing to the delinquency of a minor. "You have the right to remain silent. "If you give up the right to remain silent, "anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. "You have the right to speak with an attorney, "and have an attorney present during questioning. If you desire an attorney and cannot afford one..." You know, I keep thinkin' about that poor kid, Carol. It's kinda hard to believe that anybody that young could get so messed up. Not when they work at it like that. I bet I've heard that story 100 times. Maybe this time she got into the right hands soon enough. I don't know. Yeah. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, phone the Watch Commander, Code 2. (Reed) We'll handle it. What's up? It was the desk relaying a message. Teejay wants to see us as soon as possible. Where? He said he'd meet us in the alley behind the 5000 Block of Holloway. I got somethin' for you, fellas. Somethin' really large. We're listenin'. There's a big one tonight at 11:00, in the parking lot at the supermarket over on Orange. What's goin' down? A little bit of everything. Pills and pot mostly. (Reed) Where'd you get it? [laughing] Man, you know. How do you feel about it? It's good, Malloy. It's good as anything lever gave you. You know who's involved? You know Joey Burns? Yeah. They say he's buyin'. You know who's selling? No. All I know is, Burns is supposed to make the buy tonight at 11:00. You got anything else that might help us, like what kinda wheels he's got? Drives a '66 Mustang. Green, I think. That's all I know, Malloy. Thanks. We'll check it out. Take care now. Yeah. Later, huh? 11:00 at the supermarket. You think it's good? Yeah, for an ex-hype he's still pretty well tuned in. I'd bet on it. Well, what do we do now, with the information? We tell the Watch Commander. Put us out to the station. (Malloy) That's about all we know. Sounds like a good one to me. Yeah, I think so too. Well, what do we do now, Sarge? I mean, how do we handle it? You take it back there and turn it over to the dicks. The dicks? Couldn't we do-- Come on, Reed, let's go. (Malloy) That's about it, Jerry. Mac told us to bring it back and turn it over to you. And he told you that, uh, Joey Burns was definitely the buyer, right? Mmm-hmm. That sounds like good info. [chuckling] We've sure been trying to catch him at it long enough. Yeah, well. We wish you luck. We better get back to work. Oh, wait a minute. Hold on. [clicks] You might be able to give us a hand on this one. [dialing telephone] Uh, Mac? Jerry. Uh, listen. I would like to borrow a couple of your guys tonight. Reed, Malloy. Uh, about an hour probably. It's on that narco buy they turned. [Miller laughing] Okay. Thanks pal. I can sure use the help. Okay, you're with us. You're boss okayed it. Glad to be of help, Jerry. Spence. Come on over and, uh, drag your partner with you. What's doing, Jerry? We got a narco buy going down tonight, 11:00 in the parking lot of the supermarket on Orange. Let's go into the next room. We'll kick it around a little bit. And we ought to be able to handle it, with three units like so. Hudson, you and me will be right here, Spence and Barrett there-- (Reed) Where do we come in? Right here. Covering the mouth of this alley. Now in case anything does go wrong, you'll be set up for pursuit. Looks real good. Let's hope so. And figure we'll set up shop at 10:15. What about communications? (Miller) Oh, we use Frequency 9. You guys set up for it? Yeah. Okay. Well, we'll see you then. Well, looks like tonight could be kinda interesting, after all. Not if it goes right. The dicks will have Burns nailed before we even know it. (male dispatcher) KMA 367, 6:00 p.m. Oh, we've got over four hours to kill. What do we do till then? What we always do. Cruise, handle radio calls, the whole bit. And what happens if we get tied up at 10:15? If we can't make the stakeout, I mean. We'll make it. (male dispatcher) KMA 367, 8:00 p.m. 8:00. The air is pretty quiet tonight. Why shouldn't it be? Brink and Walters are out cleaning up the Division. Their luck won't hold out forever. Let's go eat, huh? That looks like 41. Brink and Walters. As hot as they are, you wouldn't think they'd take the time. Oh, I don't know. With their luck, somebody'll probably try to stick the place up while they're eating. [people chattering] (Walters) Oh, won't you guys sit down. We're almost through. Have some dessert. Can't do it, Pete. I'm watching my weight. My wife says I'm getting fat. She should know. Now, I don't need that from you, too. That looks good. What is it? Hot turkey sandwich. Can I get you anything else? (Walters) Yeah. I'll have a piece of apple pie, with some vanilla ice cream on top. You don't seem to have a weight problem. I don't know. I've been eating like a horse lately. Must be all the running I'm doing. You mean you actually chase people? Oh, yeah. We've run a few guys down tonight already. You mean, when they see it's you, they don't just stop and give up? Very funny. Oh really. Now I've been wondering, what it is that makes you guys so good. It's style. Now some guys got it and some guys don't. You fellas decided yet? Yeah. I'll have a cup of coffee and that hot turkey sandwich. Make it two. Okay. (Walters) You guys have anything good tonight? Big cases. Only big ones. We don't wanna talk about 'em. Might hurt our chances in court. Come on. You guys came up cold again, didn't you? No, not at all. Well, we had that illegal parking you gave us. Oh, that's all right, Pete. Oh, you guys don't owe us anything. I mean, we enjoy helping you out. Boy, those two really know how to lay it on, don't they? Like I said, Walters isn't famous for his humility. (male dispatcher) KMA 367, 9:00 p.m. That gives us about an hour before we're due at the stakeout. What happens if we get tied up? Miller will get somebody else. If he has to, you know, who's he gonna get to replace us? Brinkman and Walters. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a prowler there now. 1638, Greenly Place. 1-Adam-12, Code 2. 1-Adam-12, roger. [crickets chirping] (boy) Who's it? Police. Did you call the police? Yeah. What's the problem? Well, uh, we.. Why don't you come in, Officers? [dog barking] Hello, dog. What's his name? Shaggy- Where are your parents? They're visiting a neighbor. They should be home in about 20 minutes. Have you called 'em yet? Well, we sort of forgot where they are. I mean, they wrote the phone number down. And we would have called-- Actually, I was working with my chemistry set. I was heating some potassium, when I knocked over some hydrochloride and-- And there went the phone number. (Gary) Exactly. (Rick) You'll get used to him, he's like this all the time. He's the only five-year-old in the third grade. The only five-year-old ever in the third grade. You fellas wanna tell us what happened? Well, we were playing with Shaggy in the den, when all of a sudden we heard this guy coming through the window in the living room. (Gary) Then we heard a loud noise. I'm sure he knocked over our bookshelf. Did you see anything? Well, not exactly. After we heard him come in, I told Ricky, that's my brother, to hide in the closet. Then I held Shaggy, so he wouldn't bark, and I snuck into my parents' room to call you. What happened then? I don't know. I hid, too. This is where he got in, huh? (Rick) I think so. [dog panting] I wonder how he knocked the bookcase over? That's easy. How's that? He must have been looking for a wall safe. On this wall here? We don't really have one, but he wouldn't know that, would he? I guess he wouldn't. You guys ever play ball in here? No, never. We're not allowed to play in the house. Well, here's your ball, Rick. Oh, there it is, thanks. That's not ours. I never seen it before. The robber, uh, must have left it. (Rick) Oh, that's right. Well, that's just great. [clinking] Listen, we can take this downtown, and get the fingerprints off it and catch those no-good robbers. Wait a second. That ball does look familiar. Let's see it a minute. It does look kinda familiar. Maybe it is ours. Well, you fellas better get dressed now. Why? We'll have to take you down to the station so you can make a report to the detectives. You never really know about these things. Why don't we check it out and call you in the morning? Okay, if you want to. But if you have any more problems, you know where to reach us. Right, Officers. We better get going. They sure had me going for a minute. I almost bought that bit about the burglar. [chuckling] Yeah, that little guy can tell a convincing story. I wasn't really sure until I saw the baseball. I wouldn't wanna be in that house when their parents get home and see that shelf. Do you think the kids will hit 'em with that burglar story? Maybe. I can see the little chemist right now trying to work out a formula to stick those shelves back together. What a kid. Ah, at least this caper was in line with the kinda work we've been doing lately. I'm glad 41 didn't get the call. They wouldn't know how to handle it. (male dispatcher) KMA 367, 10:00 p.m. Can I put us out of service now? Don't get impatient. Wait till we get over there. Okay, go ahead. 1-Adam-12, Code 5 at Orange and Palm, switching to Tac 1. Show us Code 6 at the location. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. All units, 1-Adam-12 is Code 5, Orange and Palm. We'll be down at the end of the alley, ready to give chase. This oughta be okay. Let's tell Miller. 1-Adam-12 to 1-William-20. (Miller) William-20, go ahead Adam- 12. We're in position and standing by. Uh, roger, Adam-i 2. Stay loose. William-SO, are you in position? (Spencer) William 30 standing by. KMA. [crickets chirping] Boy, I sure hope this thing comes off. Don't we all. (male dispatcher) KMA 367, 11:00 p.m. What do you think, Malloy? About what? [scoffing] Come on, don't kid around. You think Burns will show? It's only 11:00. He's not supposed to show till now. You think we oughta call up Miller again? Why? We got nothing to tell him. Relax, will you? Yeah. I knew it. Something's gone wrong. And it was our information, too. (Malloy) Don't take it so big. Like the man said, you can't win 'em all. Yeah. Well, how long do we hang around? The meet was supposed to go down 40 minutes ago. We hang around till Miller calls it off. (Miller) Adam-12,William-30. Go on home, fellas. We'll call it a night. 1-Adam-12, roger. And switching back to Frequency 1. Well, we might as well head for the barn. It was a real nothing night. Go ahead, be happy, brood about it. [car engine starting] How'd the stakeout go, Malloy? It didn't. What do you mean? Oh, we staked the parking lot out till 11:45. Burns never showed up. Hmm. What's he driving? Green Mustang. What about a green Mustang? (Reed) Did you see one? Where? Over on Orange, where the Code 5 went down. Yeah. About half hour after the five went out. What happened? The guy made an illegal left turn on Orange, about six or seven blocks from the stakeout area. Yeah? I pulled him over. He seemed a little nervous. So, what happened? Um, we checked him out, I gave him a citation, and let him go. Boy, did he take off. Do you remember his name? Yeah. It was, uh, Burns, Joey Burns. Something wrong? No. But I think your luck just changed. Pete, what are you talkin' about? Joey Burns was the guy we were staked out for. He was supposed to make a narcotics buy in a parking lot. [sighing] Well, what are you along for? Why didn't you say something? Well, how am I-- Well, you noticed the guy was nervous. Why didn't you call in on the radio and find out about it? They would have told us it was a green Mustang, and we'd have known what was goin' on. You're the senior officer-- Well, so, I'm a senior officer. I was writing the ticket. What do you expect me to do? Everything? For crying out loud, I can't do it all! All right. Who carries the pens for the ticket book? You do. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 