Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e18 - Log 112: You Blew It - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 18 - Log 112: You Blew It - full transcript 
 Malloy and Reed conduct a traffic stop, but decide to let the man off with a warning before the NCIC check is completed. In their haste, they let a man wanted on armed robbery and weapons charges go free. The lieutenant calls the officers in to scold them for not going "by the book," particularly since another officer could have responded to the scene of what turned out to be a routine domestic dispute. Malloy and Reed must then put their being scolded behind them as they come up with a plan to nab the wanted criminal. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. Possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. one-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12 a 415, fight group with chains and knives. But isn't it kind of rough to give a guy a couple days off just because he, uh, didn't go exactly by the book? Now that you mention it, I guess it is a little rough. I mean, all Hopkins did was nick a light standard rolling Code 2. Barely creased his fender, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and he did manage to miss the pedestrian. Oh, he scared her a little, maybe, but-- Okay, Malloy, but I'm serious. I guess the thing that bugs me is that Hopkins makes the scene in time to break up what might have been a big gang fight. Right? Right. And he gets two days off with no pay just because he didn't go exactly by the book. Right? Wrong. He got two days off because he goofed and almost clobbered somebody, and himself. Okay, maybe he would've made it there just as fast if he'd taken it easier. But how do you know? I mean, where does it say that in the book? It doesn't. That's something called "judgment." You know, sometimes you can go strictly by the book 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and wind up just as wrong. I guess I have to figure out how to get, uh, good instant judgment. It's not easy to come by. Just remember, every time you're out on the street, your neck's out a mile. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 390415. See the man. 2534 Hartfield Drive South. 1-Adam-12, handle the call Code 2. 1-Adam-12, roger. It's that little bucket of blood, Cal's Joynt. They had the 211 there last week. There's always something going on. [tires screeching] Beautiful. Looks even better at night. N?oud music playing] [TV squawking] What's the trouble this time, Cal? The guy at the end, on the last stool. He's been comin' in here every once in a while. Don't know his name. He just comes in and starts to drink. But don't they all? Yeah, but this time he doesn't want to pay his bill. He just wants more booze. Cal, you know I can't do anything about that unless you want to make a citizen's arrest for defrauding an innkeeper. I don't want no trouble with the guy. I try to keep a nice place. Mmm-hmm. But then he starts yelling at my customers. They wanna watch the movie, he doesn't wanna watch. So he starts calling 'em names. He looks pretty peaceful right now. Yeah, that's because you're here. But if he opens up his yap once more, somebody's liable to belt him, and you know what happens then. Okay, I'll talk to him. Maybe it'll cool him down a little. Look, mister, why don't you-- [Malloy groans] [clattering] (man) Hey, look, one of the cops is down. (woman) What happened? I don't know. Maybe he slipped. Nah, I think he's just drunk. Why don't you cops leave us alone? (crowd) Yeah. Hey, maybe we ought to get these Cossacks, right now. [crowd agreeing] (COP) All right, hold it! Come on, settle down. It's all over. (woman) I think it's the police. Big man with a stick. [people muttering] They needed a martyr. Well, what's the caper? Well, I went down to the end of the bar to talk to this guy, and he decked me. Reed came down to give me a hand and the crowd started gettin' mad. They're a little tense. Thought you said the guy hit you. He did. lsaw him. Where is he? I guess he ran out the back door after he slugged me. He's not here now. What does he look like? Well, I'm not sure. It happened pretty fast. You and Reed get back on patrol. I'll check it out. If there's a brutality angle here, I'll have to make the report myself. Thanks, Malloy. Sorry, if I got you into any trouble. That's all right, Cal. That's all part of the job. See you. Malloy? Are you sure you didn't slip? Yes. I'm sure I didn't slip. No offense, Malloy. It's... It's just that the guy that hit you-- Forget it, Cal. I sure blew that one. Yeah, well, I didn't help much. I shouldn't have tried to do Cal a favor. I should've stuck to the book. Yeah, and we would've left, and, uh, maybe Cal ends up with a major 415. Yeah, I know. But I didn't have to lean down like that so the guy could belt me. Did you get a good look at him? It was pretty dark in there, but I'll know him if I see him. Look at that. Yeah. [car door slamming] S-Something wrong, Officers? May I see your driver's license, please? You almost hit a pedestrian in the crosswalk back there. Yeah, I did, didn't n You see, I'm late for a date with my girlfriend so I just wasn't paying attention. I notice your paper license is torn. Half of it's missing. Yes sir. I don't know how that happened. Uh, where is your temporary registration slip? I don't see it on the windshield. It's in the glove compartment. Uh, I'll get it for you. I'll get it, if you don't mind. Okay, it should be the only thing in there. Well, it seems okay. The numbers on the temporary registration match up with the first few on the paper plate. Let me borrow that a minute, will you? Sure. 1-Adam-12, requesting clear frequency to run one. (female dispatcher) All units on frequency one, stand by. 1-Adam-12, go ahead. Want-only on subject James Alvin Walker, male Caucasian, brown and blue, mo", us, D.O.B. 12-3-33. Want-only on vehicle, 1968 Chevrolet sedan, registered to Angel Leasing Company, ID 2534971. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. Frequency one, clear. There you are, sir. Would you sign this, please, Mr. Walker? This is not an admission of guilt, simply your agreement to appear at the time and place indicated below. Any unit in the vicinity. identify and handle. 415, man with a knife. 1123 West Cosman Street. Any unit in the vicinity. identify and handle Code 2. 1-Adam-12. Will handle. Thank you, sir. Let's go, partner. We got a hotshot two blocks from here. [tires squealing] Oh! [grunts] It's the girl next door, Officers. There's a man in there, and he's got a knife. And I'm sure he's gonna kill her. All right, now, calm down. What makes you think he's gonna kill her? I heard him. He said so. I was over there, next to her porch, um, looking for my cat. And I heard them talking through the door. It's open. He said he had a knife, and he's gonna kill her with it! Do you know who he is? No, I don't. What about the girl? Know anything about her? She just moved in a few days ago. I just know she lives alone. Why are you wasting time? He could be killing her while we're standing here. All right, we'll take care of it. (man) All right, come one, Betsy. Enough is enough. (Betsy) Again, Howard. (Howard) All right. "I'm gonna kill you, Madelaine! I'm gonna take this knife and kill you with it!" "Ralph, no!" Who is it? (Malloy) Police. Open up. What's happening? That's what we'd like to find out. Is somebody in there with you? Just Howard. You wanna ask him to come out here, please? Sure. Howard, come on out, the cops wanna talk to you. Wha-what's going on? What's the beef? What's your name, miss? Blake. Betsy Blake. Miss Blake, has this man been threatening you? Threatening me? Howard? Who told you that? He doesn't have a knife? Knife? Oh, my... It's the scene! We've been rehearsing a scene together. You know, like actors. That old bat next door has been snoopin' again. So you two are actors and that's all it was? That's all. Well, look, see for yourself. Yep, it's a play, all right. Well, sorry to have troubled you folks. Let's go, partner. No sweat, fellas. Drop around anytime. It's all taken care of, ma'am. Just a couple of actors rehearsing a play. Actors! [stammers] Well, how was I to know? There was no way you could've. You did the right thing to call us. Just one bit of advice, though. Yes? From now on, I wouldn't pay much attention to anything that goes on in there. [engine starting] Man, as false alarms go, that's sure one for the books. Yeah. Cute girl, though. Yeah. Malloy? Yeah. I'm no expert, but from what I read, uh, that seemed like a pretty lousy play to me. Mmm-hmm. Cute girl, though. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. Go to the station, Code 2. 1-Adam-12, roger. (Moore) I'll take care of it, first thing in the morning. Right. About a half-hour ago, you two went Code 6 over on Adams. What happened? We stopped a vehicle. The driver almost creamed somebody in a cross-walk. And? Well, nothing. I wrote him a citation and he signed it. What's the problem, Lieutenant? He make a complaint or something? Did you run him? Yes sir, we ran him. What did you get on the return? Well, we didn't wait for the return. A-An "any unit" hotshot went down, just a couple of blocks from us, so we grabbed it and took off. Turned out to be a false alarm, too. Did we blow it, Lieutenant? You blew it, Malloy. The guy you just let drive off, James Walker, is wanted for armed robbery. And the car he was driving is hot. Look, Lieutenant, the guy seemed clean. I mean, he was cooperative and everything. The hotshot sounded serious. How were we to know it was a phony? Reed, a false alarm can happen to anybody. But the book says if you run a want, you wait for the return. You just don't kick a suspect loose. Yes, sir. But still the thing-- Still nothing. Malloy, how fast did you grab that hotshot call? Just as soon as it came out. Then neither of you knows how many other units might have been able to respond if you'd left it alone and waited for the return on Walker. So you grabbed it, and wound up with a false alarm while a real dangerous character you had your hands on is still walking around loose. It was my fault, Lieutenant. I decided to roll on the 415. Sure it was your fault, Malloy. You're the senior officer. Everything that happens in that car is your responsibility. That's all for the moment. The Captain may just want to talk to you about it tomorrow. In the meantime, go back to work. Yes, sir. [sighing] Oh, was he mad. It's worse that that. He also happens to be right. Let's get out of here. We got work to do. The way I figure it, Walker thinks he's home free, that we don't know he's wanted. Well, we're gonna get him. Aren't the detectives working on that? Sure they are. But we're the ones that turned him loose. So we're gonna find him first, even if it takes all night. Now, what do we know about him? L-it's not much, but Walker did mention he was late for a date with his girlfriend. Do you think he's telling the truth? You can't tell. He didn't have to say anything, so maybe it is true. How do we find out who his girlfriend is and where she lives? We can start by checking his package. Let's find a phone. I talked to Flo in Records. She's gonna call R and I downtown and get us whatever they've got on Walker. We'll go Code 7 at the station in about 20 minutes and pick up whatever she's got for us. There's nothing much to eat at the station. Who's hungry? (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. See the woman. A landlord-tenant dispute. 9173 Gloria Way. 1-Adam-12, Code 2. 1-Adam-12, roger. Get out of here! Get out of here! Get him out of here. You gotta let me go up there. Make her let me go up there! Quiet down. Did you call the police? Yes, I did. He was up there, pounding on her door, yelling his head off. Look, she's dying. Who's dying? What's going on? Janet. Oh, he's drunk. I had a couple of drinks. I was at home. Oh, if you believe him... Men! He's like all the rest of them. In and out of here all the time. When that girl-- Hold it down. I wanna hear what he's got to say. She called me. She said she was going to kill herself. What room is she in? 3E. Bring your keys. Oh, the stories he's told me to get up there. (man) Come on, hurry. Janet? Janet, honey? Open up. You see the stuff that goes on, and at this hour of the night, too! (landlady) Maybe I ought to throw her out. That's what I ought to do: throw her out. Janet? Oh, no. Oh, no, she can't die here. Cut it out! Get her on her feet. Don't try that, I said! She can die someplace else! Understand? Put her in the car. Take her anywhere. I don't want her here. Call an ambulance. When you talked to her on the phone, did she tell you what she'd taken? Some kind of pills. Barbiturate, probably. I'll check the bathroom. Put that stuff down. What's your name? Genevieve Wilson. I've had enough trouble with that girl-- Mrs. Wilson, you have an apartment in this building, don't you? Yes, I have. You go down to it and stay there. Yes, but I-- Right now, or I'll put handcuffs on you. [phone clicking] Female, possible suicide, with pills. Right. You have any identification, Mr. Larson? I--I--I didn't even bring my wallet. Can you give me her full name? Janet Larson. She is my sister. Has she ever attempted anything like this before? Well, she's talked about it. W-W-W-What did he say? Is she gonna be all right? She's dead, Mr. Larson. (Malloy) I'm very sorry. She was a real pretty girl. Yeah. You know what it was about? Her second marriage broke up. She couldn't take it. She was only 24. 24. And that landlady, Mrs. Wilson, she'll probably live to be a hundred. Oh, let's go to station and see what Flo's got for us on our friend Walker. [printers clicking] You got anything from downtown for us, Flo? Sure do, Malloy. R and I had some real good information. If it's the same Walker, looks like you turned up a live one. Yeah, I know. Thanks, Flo. Anytime, fellas. It looks like he steals cars for a hobby. Yeah, and not only cars. Look at this rap sheet. He's been busted all over the country. Armed robbery, burglary... Here's the latest info from his 5-10. Let's see. His driver's license had a Long Beach address. This says, uh, Glendale YMCA. Address is only a couple of months old, so it's probably still good, unless he gave a phony address to DMV when he got the driver's license. Yeah. Hey, here's the names and addresses of three girlfriends. And they're all in the same general area we stopped him in. So's the place he stole that car today. Anything else we need? No, let's get out of here. And that takes care of, uh, two of Walker's girlfriends, and nothing. Yeah, well, what's the address of the last one? That's over on Soosun Street. It's about a mile from where we stopped him. Think it figures? I don't know. But it's all we got to go on, so we'll check it out. Malloy. (Malloy) Put us Code 6. 1-Adam-12. Code 6 at 5939 Soosun Street. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. The hood's cold. He must've come straight here after we stopped him. [Walker laughing] (Annie) Yeah! I'll drink to that! [Annie chuckling] [Walker laughing] (Annie) I'll drink to that one! [Walker] Let's just say that those 2 cops were coming in the back door, huh? Let's just say that. Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Yeah, get him! [Annie and Walker laughing] [Walker] I got 'em! I got .em! You better get on the radio and request a backup unit, just in case. Okay. (Walker) Huh? Huh? [chuckles] [Walker and Annie laughing] [softly] 1-Adam-12, requesting a unit to meet us Code 2 at 5939 Soosun Street. [Walker chuckling] [Annie laughing] Let's-- Let's say they're coming right through that back door. Let's just say that. Yeah, yeah. Okay! Yeah, yeah! [Walker imitating gun firing] I missed 'em. Oh, baby. [both cackling] He just poured another drink. That guy must think he's Clyde Barrow. Yeah, well, if he's not careful, he may end up the same way. [Walker laughing drunkenly] [Annie laughing] We got a suspect in the kitchen with his girlfriend. He's got a gun and they both been drinkin'. You guys cover the front. I think we can get him to come out the back door. You want to take him? What do you think? Okay, here's the way we do it. You go around and knock on the back door. I'll cover him from the window. Okay. If he starts anything, I've got him cold. Now, when you knock on the door, if he doesn't answer it, kick it in. Yeah. And Reed, remember, when you knock on the door, don't stand in front of him. I'll remember. [Walker laughing] Annie, this is the life, huh? [Annie chuckling] 'Cause he said, "What'll it be?" [Walker laughing] (Reed) Open up, Walker! Police officer! Come on, baby! Show him where it's at! Come on, baby, blow their heads off! Come on, show 'em how you do it. Come on baby, blast 'em! [glass shattering] All right, hold it right there! Put the gun down on the table, very carefully. Okay, Reed, go on in! All right, Walker, turn around and put your hands up on the cabinet. Let's go. You, too, lady. All right, left hand on the back of your head. Who is that? Uh, his name's James Alvin Walker, wanted for, uh, armed robbery and GT A, the latest one being this afternoon at a place called the Angel Leasing Company. Oh, yes, I've heard about Walker. Seems there were two officers on patrol who had him stopped once, then let him go. Quite a coincidence, you two picking him up. Well, you see, Lieutenant, it was like this... You know, for a while there I was beginning to think it just wasn't our night. Like everything we did seemed to turn out wrong. You know the old adage: "When in doubt, ask the Sergeant." Ask the Sergeant what? Uh, what about that guy that decked me, Sarge? We got him. Walters and Brinkman are booking him now. Say, Malloy, are you sure you didn't slip? Yes, I'm sure I didn't slip. This him? That's him. I'd know that face anywhere. How did you take him? Well, it wasn't easy. I bet, he's got a fist like a mallet. Yeah, he's pretty tough. Well, Walters and Brinkman got the call a little while ago that he was back at Cal's Joynt. I rolled on it. When we get there, Brinkman takes the back door, I go in the front with Walters. He put up much of a fight? Well, it was touch-and-go there for a while. As a matter of fact, we weren't sure the handcuffs would even hold him. Big wrists, huh? No, small. Small? Yeah, he was a midget, about 4'8". [all laughing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 