Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e19 - Log 51: A Jumper, Code 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 19 - Log 51: A Jumper, Code 2 - full transcript 
 Not long after an elderly woman insists that Reed and Malloy help adjust her television antenna, the officers are called to a high-rise hotel, where a suicidal man is determined to jump. Malloy incorrectly handles the situation and Mac harshly reprimands him the follow-up investigation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. Possible 459 suspects. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. See the woman, unknown trouble. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln X-ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, family dispute. 1-Adam-12, see the man, a 415 juvenile. (Miller) Brink, you taken note of our parking mates next door? (Brinkman) Indeed, I have. The "Deflated Duo." Now, last night, when that 211 went down at the liquor store... Unit 1-Adam-12 had a right rear tire devoid of air. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Nails and other puncture-causing devices just seem to have an affinity for your auto. I let the air out myself so you two'd have something to log for a change. How thoughtful. How kind. Be nice boys and tonight I'll arrange to have a transmission failure. Thank you, daddy, but make sure it's after our dinner, will you? We went without 7 last night. 1-Adam-11, 1-Adam-11, are you clear? Brinkman, your radio's runnin' over. 1-Adam-11, go ahead. I-Adam-H, 484 from Auto, there now. 2112 East Milton. Code 2. 1-Adam-11. Roger. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey partner, car strippers. There now! If you need us, you know where to call. Boy, they really pour it on you, don't they? Is it always like this? You gotta admit, two flats in two days. Clear us. 1-Adam-12, PM watch clear. 1-Adam-12, clear. Well, let's go see if we can find another nail. We haven't had a call for over an hour and a half. 1-Adam-49. Roger. Mary Boy Ocean, 132, standby. Who's riding 49 tonight? Sanchez and Johnson. 1-Adam-49. Mary Boy Ocean, 132 is a Wilshire stolen. A 1961 blue Corvair, four-door. Those guys are always coming up with hot cars, aren't they? No big secret. Sanchez memorizes the hot-sheet. Guy's got a photographic brain. Same as me. That's a real gift, isn't it? If you don't forget to load the camera. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. See the woman. Unknown trouble. 203 Ott Street, Apt. 5. 1-Adam-12. Roger. There it is, 203. [knocking] Well, you certainly took long enough. What seems to be the problem? I'll show you the problem. Come in, come in. There. The TV? Yes. Look at it! What about it? They did it? Marion Crabtree, lives upstairs. All week long she's been crowing how she and that wino husband of hers was gonna get a color T and V. Yes, ma'am. Well, they got it. That drunken slob of a husband of hers was up on the roof staggering all over trying to fix his antennae. Exactly what did he do? Fixed my antennae so's I can't get channel number 4. Did you, actually, see him touch your antennae? How could I see him do it? I can't see through the ceiling. What do you want us to do about it? Well, somebody's got to straighten out my antennae. Lady, we're not allowed to give that kind of service. You look like a bright young man to me. Yes, ma'am. Read me what it says on your police machine. There's a city seal and the shop number of the unit. Read me your slogan. Both sides. "To Protect and to Serve." Well, scratch it off. Ma'am? You people don't give no service that I can see. 1-Adam-12, clear. What do I put down for that last call? Neighbor dispute. Disposition? P.R. referred to T and V repairman. (female dispatcher on radio) 1-Adam-12, clear. You think she'll write that letter to the Mayor like she said? Next time you see him, you can ask him. All units in the vicinity and 1-Adam-12. A 459 silent. 2319 East Joanna. 20 minute delay on the man. 1-Adam-12 Code 2. 1-Adam-12. Roger. 1923 East-- 2319 East Joanna. Hobey's Drugstore. Been hit twice already by users. I'll make you book that hype's still in the drugstore. 1-Adam-12, cancel your call. 2319 East Joanna, 1-Adam-49 will handle. Nobody wants us today. 1-Adam-12, Code 1. 1-Adam-12. Roger on the cancellation. 1-Adam-12, a tree down. 119 Barn Street. Tree down. 1-Adam-12. Roger. Sure isn't our day, is it? I don't know how you can say that. I'm a real nature lover, myself. All units. 1-Adam-49, reports a Code 4. 2319 East Joanna. Suspect in custody. That was fast. 49, boy, they're really where the action is, aren't they? Call street maintenance. I'll break out some flares. (Reed) Right. Department of Public Works is on the way. Wanna set these? Right. Really isn't too much of a hazard at that. Let's be happy in our work, Reed. Oh, sure. But you gotta admit, it hasn't been much of a day. If tomorrow isn't any better... Yeah? Somebody ought to cancel it. Let's take 7. All right with me, I could eat. Okay, I know a place. Right up the street. I been thinking of having my wife pack me a lunch. Think that's a good idea? I don't know. She's your wife. Oh, she's a good cook, Malloy. I'm sure, but I prefer a hot meal. Of course. You bring a thermos full of hot soup. A French-dip sandwich, wrapped in foil. Stays hot for hours. Sounds like a veritable feast. Yeah, I don't blame you. It's a lot of trouble. I mean, you being single and all. It's no trouble being single. 1-Adam-12, requesting Code 7 at 3680 Denker. Maybe, with a little luck, we can eat on time for a change. (female dispatcher on radio) 1-Adam-12, okay 7. See, what'd I tell you? One thing still bothers me, though. What's that? Just once tonight, I'd like to feel like we really earned our money. Hey, thanks a lot, Malloy, for picking up the tab. As long as I don't end up having to clothe you. [siren wailing] [tires screeching] Let's roll down there. Maybe we can give 'em a hand. [tires screeching] [woman chattering on radio] You need an assist? Where were you 15 minutes ago? I didn't hear you. What were you doing? Were you on a call? We sure could've used an assist then. (Miller) Where were you? Didn't you hear the all units broadcast? We knew we had the suspect cut off down at this end. All we needed was a chase car to drive him into us. Sure could've used an assist. We were having lunch. Say goodbye, Reed. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12.. See the man, a 415 juvenile. 4940 West Magnolia. 1-Adam-12. Roger. (Malloy) 4000 block, West Magnolia. [woman chattering on radio] I'm the one that called you, Officers. Yes, sir. What seems to be the trouble? It's them. They've been raising all kinds of Cain here in this neighborhood. I wonder if we could have your names. It's Leonard Ross. You live at 4940 Magnolia? Yes, sir. Thelma Martin. I live next door. 4942. Thank you. Have they caused any property damage? Take a look at my lawn, there. That was there this morning when I came out to get the paper. And I know they're the ones that did it. Did you see them? No, sir. They done it while I was asleep. But I know it was them. Can you arrest them for what they did? We can't arrest them, no. Number 1: this kind of property damage is considered a misdemeanor. Number 2: the law says we can't arrest anyone for a misdemeanor unless it's committed in our presence. And you should've reported it when it first occurred. Well, we're reporting it now. Yes, but there's no way of proving they did all this unless they admit it and I doubt they will. Then there's nothing you can do about it? We'll talk to them, and we'll take a malicious mischief report from you. But what good will all that do? Talking to them, maybe none. But that report will cause an investigation to be made by Juvenile Division, and we'll begin right now to hit this area heavy on patrol. Would both of you be good enough to wait here? Suppose we start off right, all you people keep those hands in plain sight where we can see 'em. Now, which one of you painted that symbol on the man's lawn? I beg your pardon, storm trooper? You heard me. At the next meeting of the Reichstag... we shall have to dismiss you. Put that smart mouth in your pocket and answer the question. Which one of you damaged that lawn over there? Oh, come now, Philo Vance, don't roust us. (Binky) The butler done it, not us. I found this sock over behind that tree. You've been sniffing glue, is that it? Who on earth told you law hounds that? This sock told us. It's dried glue. Who belongs to it? Tut-tut, King Tut. Your needle's in a rut. Look you, just come in for a landing and take this down. If we get one more complaint on you people, we're gonna lean on you hard, understand? You better start using that glue to build model airplanes. Now behave yourselves, or we'll be back, and next time we won't leave alone. Hey, man. What high school do you go to, huh? Quite a specimen, ain't he? A baby fuzz. All right, let's make F.l.s on them. Hey, fuzzies, what's that F.I. jazz mean? Foolish idiot? In your case, yes. I'd make book that sock belonged to that kid in the Nazi uniform. This one, Binky Tremaine-- It's a big park. No way to tie 'em to it. The glue was completely dried out. Maybe they were up, but not enough objective symptoms to take 'em in. Yeah. Paint me a picture. Park could develop into a hotspot, if it isn't already. We'll mark it down for concentrated patrol. You're learning, junior, you're learning. Looks like a 502. He's really weaving. Give him a ball of yarn, he could knit us both a sweater. [tires screeching] Would you get out of the car, please? [slurring his speech] I'll sure give it a good try. I got outta that old car pretty good, didn't I? What's your name, fella? Edward J. Brown. I suppose you'd like me to spell that. Put us Code 6 and get the registration out of the car. Mr. Brown, may I see you driver's license, please? Mr. Brown, do you know why we stopped you? Police brutality? We stopped you for operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol. And we're placing you under arrest for violation of Vehicle Code Section 23-102. You have the right to remain silent, and if you give up the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to speak to an attorney and to have an attorney present during any questioning. If you desire an attorney and cannot afford one, an attorney will be appointed for you without charge before any questioning. You understand your rights? I certainly do. Now. How much money do I owe you? Your driver's license, please. Oh, I can't give you that! Why not? I haven't got one. Well, that shot the bottom out of an hour. Three hours to go till quitting time. For all the good we're doing, we could've stayed home tonight. (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity and 1-Adam-25, a 211 in progress. 21st and Beacon at the liquor store. 1-Adam-25. Code 3. You heard the man, all units in the vicinity. Yes, sir. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. 1305 Larkspur, Apartment 3A. A 507 piano. Figures. 1-Adam-12. Roger. All right, music lover, let's go tell the people they're playing the piano too loud. Our log's not gonna look very impressive tonight. You know, it's a good thing this job doesn't pay by the call. Yeah. Tonight, we'd owe the city a week's salary. (male dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, cancel your last call and handle. A jumper. 299 South Flower, on the fifth floor. Code 2. (Malloy) Six blocks down on the west side of the street. (Reed) 1-Adam-12. Roger. Hang on, junior, looks like we're gonna do some police work. Don't use the light. You might blind him. Right. Here's our back-up. Tell 27 to work crowd control and to call for the Sergeant. Then come on up. Yes, sir. We got a jumper up there. Malloy's on his way up. I want you to work crowd control down here and call the Sergeant. Okay? Just a minute. I know I've got the key. I guess I'm a little nervous. What's his name? Uh, Levering. Uh, Charles. Charles Levering, that's it. You had any trouble with him before? Oh, not a bit. Very quiet. Pays his rent on time. No problems. How long has he lived here? Uh, let me see, uh, the 15th it'll be, uh, 3 months. Oh, here it is. Please move back down the hall. Don't stand in front of the door. Hang on to these. What are you gonna do? Try and keep a man from killing himself. You get back in there, cop, or you're gonna watch me go. Take it easy, fella. Get back in there, cop, or I'm on my way. Just take it easy, Levering. Talk to me. I got nothing to say to you. Listen to me, Levering, it's one thing to want to hurt yourself, but there's a crowd of innocent people down there. (Levering) Well, Mr. Policeman, you better tell 'em all to move, 'cause I'm gonna jump right through 'em. Hold it, Levering! I've got a better way for you. Any ideas you got, I don't need. Go ahead, shoot. It'll make it easier all the way around, cop. Come on, Levering. Take it and do it the easy way. You just keep it up, cop, and you can carry the thought with you the rest of your life. You can watch me flatten out down there on that sidewalk. Here, come on, Levering, take it. I mean it. Don't kid me, cop. You ain't about to hand me a loaded gun. You'll never know till you get it in your fist. Come on. Take it. You hold it right there. Don't you come any closer, cop, or I give you my word, you could watch me drop five floors. (Levering) You must think I'm pretty dumb. What kind of a fool do you take me for? If I was to use that gun, you'd just watch me kill myself twice. Once I pull that trigger, you know I'm on-- I'm on my way over the side. (Malloy) That's a risk I'm willing to take. You use the gun and I'll take my chances on getting to you before you can drop into that crowd down there. You heart sure bleeds for those people, don't it? That's what I get paid for. If you've made up your mind, there's nothing I can do about you, but those are innocent people. I'd rather lose one of you than a half a dozen of them. Stay back! You stay back, cop, or I'll step off right now. Come on, Levering, you don't want to hurt anybody down there. Come on back in the room with me and use the gun. Come on, Levering. Show me that gun is loaded. Come on and take a look. All right. I can see it from here. Break it open and show me. You're not close enough. You can't see it from there. I got good eyes. Open it up! I'll tell you what I'm gonna do, Levering. I'm gonna hand the gun to you and you open it, you check it. You just set it down on the ledge there. I'll get it. You're a better acrobat that I am, Levering. Just let me hand it to you. All right, cop. If that's the way you want it, we'll go together! [grunting] You okay, Malloy? I'll do. Better get you over to Central Receiving and have 'em take a look at that cheek. Piece of tape will handle it. (Levering) You liar. You dirty, filthy liar. [panting] You had no right. No right. [sobbing] I think you're a dirty, filthy, rotten liar. (Levering) What do you think of that, huh? A dirty, filthy liar! What do you think of that? I think it's good that you're alive to call me that. Russo, you and Boyd turn him over to the hospital detail. What's the matter with you, Malloy? You know better. Sir? I ought to pull your tail feathers. Objective 1: protect the crowd down below. Objective 2: protect yourself. Objective 3: save the jumper. Yes, sir. What were you trying to prove with that high-wire act? It seemed like the best thing to do. I guess I didn't stop to think of any danger. Maybe I ought to set you down for a few days, so you'll have time to think. The guy looked like he was ready to go. In my opinion-- Reed. Yes, sir. You've been on the job three weeks. You don't have an opinion. Yes, sir. Now get on back in the field before I change my mind. Now, let that be a lesson to you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 