Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e16 - Log 62: Grand Theft Horse? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 16 - Log 62: Grand Theft Horse? - full transcript 
 At roll call, officers are cautioned about phony calls related to armed robberies. Reed and Malloy try to track down a noise coming from their car when they get a call of a stolen horse. At the stables, the owner offers them the use of two horses, but reluctant to ride themselves, the officers enlist the help of two park rangers to corral the horse thief. Back on patrol, the car noise getting worse, Reed and Malloy respond to a motel where they help a distraught young woman who bought the line of a cad. After sunset, Malloy ignores a call and heads to nearby liquor stores where they find armed robbers making a getaway. Fired upon, they give chase and pull the two men from their burning car after it crashes. Talking it over afterward, Reed notices the noise is gone. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459, suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. (Lieutenant) One more thing. According to Analytical, there have been five armed robberies in the last 10 days, that were coincidental with the unfounded calls from the opposite end of the Division. You mean all these robberies are the result of one joker 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 putting in phony calls to draw us into the wrong end of the Division? That's the way it looks. What kind of phony calls? Shots fired, 415 fight, woman screaming, man with a gun, man with a knife, all hotshot calls. How do we tell the phonies? Mac? Oh, you can't. But when a hotshot call comes out don't all of you pile on it. Just point yourselves in the right direction and sort of drift that way. Now, the car assigned to the call and the nearest unit, go Code 6 as soon as you arrive. The rest of you, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 as soon as you hear there are two units Code 6 on the scene, stay in your own districts and hang loose. Any questions? Lieutenant? The suspect is described as a male Caucasian, 25 to 28, 5'11" to 6', brown and black. Weapon used was a .45 caliber automatic. Suspect wears a dark windbreaker jacket and dark pants. No vehicle is described. D.R. number is 6-8-1-6-5-3-1-2. Suspect has pistol-whipped three of the victims and the last one is still in a coma. Suspect is considered extremely dangerous. Did you study that map the Lieutenant gave us? I just glanced at it, why? Get it out and take a look at it. Okay, so I'm looking at it. What am I supposed to be seeing? I don't know exactly. I was hoping there'd be some kind of a pattern so we could tell where that guy was gonna hit next. I'd sure like to bust him. [high-pitched humming] What's that? What's what? That sound. What sound? There. Hear it? Yeah, what is it? I don't know. Maybe it's the heat riser. No, that's a clattering sound. Yeah, you're right. Sounds like it's coming from the left front. Sounds to me like it's coming from the right. [high-pitched humming continuing] It stopped. No kidding. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a grand theft horse. 1602 North Los Feliz Avenue. Grand theft horse? They're putting us on. Hey, maybe that's a phony call. Grand theft horse? That's gotta be for real, it's too goofy. 1-Adam-12, roger. 1602, right? That's what she said. [high-pitched humming] Reed. Yeah? Don't say it. Don't say that the noise has started again? Yeah. I won't. I must say, you got here in a hurry. Well, we try. What's the problem? About 10 minutes ago somebody stole Herman. Herman's a horse? (JO) A horse. [sighing] Well, how was he taken? There was this hippy hanging around the hitch rail for about an hour. What do you mean by "hippy"? Hippy. You know, long hair, beads, dirty, the whole bit. (Malloy) What was he doing? Well, he was just looking at the horses. I think he was a little stoned. He kept bowing his head. What happened then? Well, then I had a long phone call and when I got back to my desk I look out the window and he and Herman are gone. Well, where do you think he'd take the horse? The bridle trail. I don't think he'd try and take him on the streets. Is that bridle trail wide enough for a car? Not all the way. Well, partner, what do we do now? Darned if I know. Hey! That horse cost me $600. You mean you're not going to do anything about it. Well, we'll do something. I just haven't decided what. The bridle trail is too narrow for a car, and even if it wasn't, we couldn't get close enough to him to put the arm on him. I mean, he--he'd see us coming and take off up the hill. Well, I'll let you have a couple of horses. You go in and you get him. (Reed) Us on horses? Sure. I'll let you have Thelma and Cupcake, they're real goers. [stammering] They are. Well, that's a real good idea, but it's a question of city liability. I mean, we wouldn't want anything to happen to your animals. Yeah, we sure wouldn't want anything to happen. Well, that's okay. They're insured against accidental injury. [stammering] They are. Well, to--to tell you the truth I'm not sure we are, if we took your horses and got tossed on our heads. What's the matter, you chicken? Well, we're police officers, not cowboys. L--I'll tell you what, um, you get a description of Herman, and a drawing of the brand on him and have the owner sign a crime report. I'm gonna get a hold of the park rangers. Okay. Are you the owner? Yes, I am. Could I have your name, please? Joanna Slater. 1-Adam-12, requesting two park rangers meet me, 1602 North Los Feliz Avenue, Code 2. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. Okay, suspect is described as a male Caucasian, hippy type, approximately 19, 6' to 6'1", long dark hair, wearing beads, denims. Is that it? He's also wearing boots. (Ranger) Right. If he stays in the park, there's not much we can do. If you see him, grab him and we'll take him off your hands. Okay, but what if he splits on us? You mean like out of the park? (Ranger) Yeah. Where would he go? Which way would he head? Probably up towards Ridge Drive, there's too much traffic going the other way. Well, we'll go up and prowl Ridge Drive for a while. If you see him chase him to us. It ought to work. Give it a try. Sure thing, see you. Thanks. You, uh, think the car'll make it through the watch? I don't know. The instruments read okay. The car drives fine. Goes when you push the slanty pedal down. There he is. He should come out in the break up ahead. [tires squealing] All right, hold it! [horse neighing] All right, you're under arrest, mister. Put your left hand behind your head. Well, there goes Herman. Y'all don't have to worry none about him, Officer. He's just headin' for the barn. Read him his rights and put him in the car. All right. Come with me. Well, under the circumstances, sir, it'd be my pleasure. Thanks, fellas, we couldn't have caught him without you. We couldn't have caught him without you. That kid knows how to ride. Apparently. Hey, do us one more favor, will you? Sure, what do you need? Follow that horse down the trail and make sure he doesn't get clobbered crossing the street. Okay. We'll see you down there. Right. Let's go. What's your name, son? Oh, Leroy, uh, Samuel Rutherford. Where are you from, Leroy? Big Springs, Texas. Is that where you learned to ride? Yes, sir. On my daddy's ranch. I'm, uh, powerful sorry I put you fellas out. You are, huh? (Leroy) Yes, sir. Are your folks out here? No, they're back home. Do they know where you are? Well, I reckon. I sent 'em a picture postcard. How long you been out here? Ah, about, [sighing] about three months. Where you living? Well, ever since I got throwed out of my room last week I been crashin' up in the hills. Tell me something Leroy, Why'd you steal the horse? Did you think you could sell it or something? No sir, no, I--l didn't rightly think that, no. What was it then, kicks, joy riding? No sir, but... Well, it's, uh, it's just kind of hard to explain. Why don't you give it a try? We're pretty good at figuring things out. Well, y'all won't laugh at me? No, we won't laugh at you. Well, I come out here so's I could find Leroy Samuel Rutherford. Y'all dig? (Malloy) So far. Uh-huh. Well, every righteous soul I met said he knew exactly what I was lookin' for, 'cause he was lookin' for the same thing. And then he'd give me somethin' to swallow, or smoke, or stick in my arm. Y'all ever try acid? No. (Malloy) No. Well, now that stuff just tears the rag right off of the bush. I mean, I saw things I just knew weren't there. What did you have today? Well, I don't rightly know, but it made me feel real sad. Why'd you take the horse? Well, I was just sittin' on that rail lookin' at them horses and thinkin' to myself, "Leroy, you ain't gonna find yourself out here because you're back in Texas." And the next thing I knew I was in that saddle just headin' for home. [sighing] Yeah, well, now I guess I'll be going to calaboose for a spell. It looks that way. Well, might not be so bad. Probably do me some good to eat regular again and get off them pills. I think they mess a fella up some. [engine starting] 1-Adam-12, clear. [high-pitched humming] What's the matter? Looking around for another car before this one drives me into a rubber room. I already checked, they're all tied up. Hmm. [engine starting] [high-pitched humming] [high-pitched humming stops] [high-pitched humming starts] [high-pitched humming stops] [high-pitched humming starts] (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, woman, see the manager. 15563 South Century. 1-Adam-12, roger. Are you the manager? Yes. What's the problem? Well, I think we got a psycho broad. She's sitting on the ground over there, in the back of that car. She won't let the guy move his wheels. Is she a registered guest here? Well, yes. That guy who's trying to leave, he paid her rent for one night. Oh, and I mean for her, not for them. Let's see what we can find out. [people chattering] (Reed) Okay, folks, let's break it up. Just go on back to your rooms, folks. Nothing more to see, we'll handle it. See here, Officer, can you do something about moving that girl from the back of my car so I can leave? Who are you, sir? Charles Carter. I live in Manhattan Beach. You have something with your name on it? Look, this hasn't anything to do with me. It's her! We just like to know who we're talking to. Would you take it out of the wallet, please? [car horn honking] What's your name, miss? Are you sick? Are you injured? (Malloy) Is this your correct address, Mr. Carter? Yes. Want to tell us what's going on here? Sue-Sue called me this afternoon. Sue-Sue? Susan Baker. Go on. Well, anyway, she calls me as soon as I get home. Says she's in town and says to come and get her. Come and get her where? At the airport. She just flew in from Roanoke, Virginia. That's where she lives. And that's where I met her, a couple of weeks ago, on a business trip. I'm a sales engineer and I travel all the time. Yeah? Sol picked her up, thinking she wants me to take her someplace. And? (Charles) She came out here to live with me. Now, I don't know how she got the idea I was in love with her. I only took her out four or five times in Virginia. Of course, you never told her you were in love with her. Well, no more than any guy would under the circumstances. How old is she? She's 18. I saw her driver's license. Believe me, I checked. I'll bet you did. Why'd you bring her here? She didn't have any place to stay. I couldn't just dump her out of the car into the street, could I? Anyway, as soon as I tried to leave she threw a fit. How did she get the money to come out here? I don't know, Officer. I didn't give it to her. Her folks aren't exactly paupers. Look, is there any legal reason why I can't leave? No, Mr. Carter. As far as we can tell you haven't done anything wrong, legally. Well, I'd appreciate being able to take my car and get out of here. I've got a business appointment. All right, partner, let's move the girl. Okay, Sue-Sue, time to get on your feet and be a big girl now. I'm not gonna move. You'll have to arrest me. Now, what would a pretty girl like you do in jail? Let's put her in her room. I won't go in that room. I want to go to jail. Why? Because I'm only 17. When's your birthday? Quick. October 28, 1949, uh, '50. Which is it? .50' Sorry young lady. That makes you 18. On your feet, now. Get her stuff, will you, partner? Okay. [car door closing] [engine starting] All right, let's sit down and talk about it. Well, if I broke that window you'd have to take me to jail. Look, we wouldn't want to see you do that. Sit. Come on, sit. Sit down! [sighing] You ever been arrested? No. Believe me, Susan, it's no game. That's right. You don't want to go through life with a record. I won't stay here alone. I won't! I'll go crazy if I have to stay here tonight. Then why don't you go home? [sighing] I can't go home. What about your folks? No! Do they know where you are? No, not exactly. Well, don't you think you ought to tell them? Look, Susan, it's not the end of the world. You're not the first girl to fall for a 24-karat phony. That's life in the big city, and lessons aren't free. [sobbing] I have been such a fool. How can I possibly go home and face my mother? She warned me about him, and, oh, I went and did it anyway. I just can't go home and face her. I can't. [sobbing] I can't. Blow your nose. You not only can, you will. How do you think your mother spotted Carter as a phony in the first place, huh? I don't know. She probably bought one of life's little lessons the hard way, too. Now, we got better things to do than sit here and nursemaid you all day. What's your phone number? Uh, s-z-s-o-o-e-s. Operator, give me the long distance operator, please. Operator, I'd like to place a collect call to Roanoke, Virginia, s-z-s-o-o-e-e. Person-to-person to, uh... What's your mother's name? Helen. Helen Baker. Party placing the call is Susan Baker. Hey. Okay, operator. I'll wait. Hey, try not to take it so hard. So you made a mistake, a tough one, but if you don't learn to accept it, you're gonna... just get in deeper and deeper until you're in real trouble. Besides, like my partner said, it's--it's not the end of the world. How would you know what it's going to be like for me at home? You're a man. So that's what's bugging you. What the guys back home are going to think and say. Look, if--if it was me I'd just say that you're a pretty girl that got loused up by a heel. And it's nothing to make a big deal about. Mrs. Baker, this is Officer Malloy of the Los Angeles Police Department. No, ma'am, she's not hurt. No, she's not in jail. She's just fine. Just a minute, I'll let her tell you herself. All right, now tell her the truth. Mother? Oh, Mother. I've been such a dummy. [sobbing] (Susan) Yes, Mother, I know. I will! That Carter, he's really something. It all evens out. She had to learn the hard way and one of these days he's going to play games with the wrong little girl and get a knife in his ribs. You know, Malloy, for a guy who's not married, you, uh, read dames pretty well. How do you think I stayed single so long? [laughs] (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity and I-Adam-H, 1-Adam-11, a prowler there now, see the man, 427 East Catalina. Hey, Catalina's back the other way. Yeah, but there's a lot of liquor stores down this way. You think that call's a phony? Feels wrong to me. (female dispatcher) All units, 1-Adam-11 reports a Code 4, 427 East Catalina, unable to locate P.R. You were right, Malloy. Maybe, if this is the guy we're looking for, a 211 should go down just about now. (male dispatcher) Any unit in the vicinity, identify and handle, a 211 in progress at the liquor store, 6340 West Spring. Any available unit, identify and handle, Code 3. [siren blaring] Buy that call partner. We're about three blocks away. 1-Adam-12, we'll handle 211 at 6340 West Spring. 1-Adam -12, roger, Code 3. Get set, it's the next corner. [gun cocking] They're taking off. [car tires screeching] [siren blaring] (Reed) 1-Adam-12 is in pursuit of 211. Suspects westbound on Crawford at 65th. Suspect vehicle is a red Ford Falcon. Suspects have fired at officers. [gun firing] They keep that up they might get lucky. You better discourage 'em. They're not gonna make that turn. [car tires screeching] He's out cold. Yeah, this one, too. You better call an ambulance. Yeah, I'd better get the fire department, too. [siren blaring] One of them matches the description of our armed robbery suspect to a tee. How'd you smell that prowler call as a phony? Mostly it was just a hunch. And the fact that most prowler calls are "see the woman" and this one was "see the man." That's using your head. Sarge, what's the story on the liquor store clerk? We didn't get a chance to see if he was hurt. Well, he was beat up, but he's gonna be okay. That's good. He can testify against those two guys once they get patched up. Yeah. By the way, Malloy, you know it's against policy to fire at a moving vehicle, don't you? Well, it's also against policy to get yourself killed. Yeah. Well, we'll go into that in detail later. You can count on it. For now you better get working on your report. Malloy? Yeah. You think we're in trouble? You know, for firing at the suspects back there. It's possible. It'll be mostly up to the Captain after he gets the report. We didn't have much choice, did we? You could have let them get away from us. Maybe another unit would have stopped them and maybe not. Maybe they'd kill somebody no matter how it went down. I didn't figure we had much choice. You think the Captain'll see it that way? I don't know. In a spot like that sometimes you gotta take your chances with the book. Goes with the territory. I guess so. Hey, Malloy, guess what? What? The noise is gone. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 