Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e9 - Log 101: The Stolen Lawn - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 9 - Log 101: The Stolen Lawn - full transcript 
 Reed's wife has put him on a low-cal diet and is starving so they agree to an early code 7. They respond to a man raving about stolen sod. Reed suffers quietly as he questions a man grilling ribs but finds a boy who saw the theft and wrote down the thieves's license. A woman reports her step-son and his friend from San Francisco trying to sell credit cards. They stop the boys outside a pool hall. Malloy spots the friend trying to pull a switchblade hidden in his boot on Reed. The boys have stolen credit cards and the friend finally admits to several robberies. Reed notices a man in a car on a used car lot at night. Malloy allows Reed to decide on their action as part of his training. Reed decides to release the man as it appears impossible to steal the car even though he is on parole. They never make code 7 but Reed is so stuffed on candy he has to turn down Malloy's offer of a steak after work. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. [phone ringing] That's three gas stations that have gone down in the past week on the morning watch. All between 3:00 and 4:00 a.m. They're real pros. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 At that time in the morning they can make a black-and-white patrol car a mile away. It's gonna take the S.O.S. squad in plain clothes to get anywhere near them. Right. Hey, Reed. Let's go. Be right with you. P.M. watch starts promptly at 4:00. That means we're supposed to be cleared and rolling by then. Sorry. 1-Adam-12. P.M. watch, clear. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. [car engine starting] At two minutes to 4:00. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What's with the crackers? I'm a little hungry. So it seems. Malloy? Yeah? Okay with you if we eat kinda early today? You must be hungry. Didn't you have any lunch? I guess I sort of forgot. You sort of forgot? Reed, how does somebody forget to eat? I guess, I might as well tell you about it. Yeah, why don't you do that? Oh, it's on account of Jean. She's on this kick about cholesterol and starches and stuff like that. She's got a real big thing about it. And she's got you on a diet. What's she feedin' you? Cottage cheese and yogurt. Stuff like that. Just started today. It's a wonder you can walk. [sighing] Well, I had a pretty big lunch today. But since we're supposed to look out for each other on this job, we'll put in for seven just as soon as we can, which will be in exactly 42 minutes. [laughing] So Brink says to the suspect, "Do you understand your rights?" And the suspect says-- Malloy, can we go eat now? You're not hungry. You're starvin'. Okay, go ahead. 1-Adam-12, request code seven. Where do you wanna eat, partner? Any place. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, continue patrol and handle this call. A 415, man with a shovel. Dirty thievin' thieves! Oh, dirty! [gasps] [tires squealing] Dirty thieves. [mumbling] Dirty thieves. Dirty thieves. 15 years, I live in an apartment, watching people plant flowers, and raise lawns. And now these finks-- [mumbling] What's the trouble? You're standing on it, or what's left of it. [panting] Somebody stole my lawn. That's what some finks did! Stole my beautiful dichondra lawn that I broke my back on. I called the police, Officer. Mr. Jenkins seemed so upset when he came home and saw that his lawn had disappeared, that I--l thought he might hurt himself. Yes, ma'am. Do you have any idea what happened? [birds chirping] It was here when I went to the market at about 12:00, and gone when I came home around 4:30. I'm Mrs. Mollinson, Mr. Jenkins' next door neighbor. You wanna tell us about the lawn now, Mr. Jenkins? Oh, oh, I'm sorry. This isn't mine. Whoever took the lawn left it over there by that wall. Not much point in checkin' it for prints. You've probably handled it quite a bit. Yeah. I guess I did. Looks like professional gardener's equipment. You want to put that in the car? Looks like they took off in a hurry. Oh, Mr. Jenkins, we may be able to do some tracing, even without fingerprints. You mentioned the lawn was dichondra? You wanna check around, see if anybody saw anything? I'll take the report. Did you, uh, plant it from seed or buy it as sod? And how much would you say it was worth? [panting] Seed. It was worth a fortune. It's the only kind of lawn I could get to grow. [panting] It was beautiful, you know. In dollars, Mr. Jenkins. $150, $200? The exact amount helps us classify the crime. [birds chirping] Excuse me, sir, uh, your neighbor next door had his lawn stolen sometime this afternoon. Did you or anyone in this house, uh, see anything suspicious happening between 12:00 and 4:00? No, I can't say I did. And my wife's been in the den most of the time with her ceramics. That's why I'm doing the cookin'. Look about ready to you? Hey, son. Do you live around here? Right there. Did you see anyone around Mr. Jenkins' lawn this afternoon? Yeah, I seen 'em. Three of 'em with a Ford pickup. Took me awhile to figure out they was really swipin' the old grouch's lawn. Did you know any of them? Nope. But they wasn't like gardeners. They all wore blue coveralls like guys who work on pools around here. Did you notice anything about them or the truck? You can be a big help, son. I wrote their license down. And I rode by and looked in the back of the truck. It had a lot of chlorine bottles and stuff for cleaning out pools. Those long sweep things. Well, thanks son. It'll be a big help. [birds chirping] What did you come up with? Just the license number of the Ford pickup used to transport the sod. Anything else? Yeah, there were three men. Caucasians. Age 19 or 20. Medium height and weight. Wearing blue coveralls. They were observed during the crime by Percy Waterman, age 11. He said that the suspects' clothes and the contents of their truck led him to believe they were pool men. The description's gonna be a big help, but you wanna bet the price of a dinner, those license plates don't belong to that pickup? [sighing] Dinner. 1-Adam-12 requesting want and DMV on Queen, 53127. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, Queen, 53127. One more thing before we take off. See those fences? Two-thirds of each lawn is on the street side. That's city property. The owners of the houses are allowed to use it as long as they keep it up. Are you sayin' the city is the victim in this case? Grand theft of city real estate. I know it's a little weird, but Jenkins lost ownership of the seed as soon as it took root. It became part of the land he planted it in, which is city owned. But whoever owns it, it's still grand theft. When we catch 'em. Oh, we got a pretty good start. Detectives can check out every pool outfit in the area. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, Queen 53127. One plate stolen only. 58, Chevrolet panel truck. Victim, John C. Arthur, 740, Lachman Lane, Van Nuys. 1-Adam-12, roger. Case like this, they usually steal cold plates for a vehicle that has to be left exposed for any length of time. It doesn't make things any easier, but then you gotta work for your money on any job nowadays. 1-Adam-12, request clear frequency for crime broadcast. (female dispatcher) All units on frequency one, standby. 1-Adam-12, go ahead. Grand theft, real estate. Approximately 350 feet of dichondra lawn, cut, rolled, and moved. (female dispatcher) Attention, all units. 1-Adam-12 reports a grand theft real estate. Grand theft real estate. Write it all down, Russo. It's gonna be one of those days. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] [laughing] Ain't that too much, man? Steal me land. Yeah, lots of land. Wasn't that a gray pickup we saw parked in the driveway of that new place up in Chatsworth? Alright, Cecil. I don't think you're gonna make it. You are stoned, right? Let's go back and take a look as soon as we get these guys booked. There was rolled-up sod in the back for sure. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] [laughing] (female dispatcher) Frequency one clear. And I owe you a dinner. Come on, let's go someplace quick where I can pay off. [car engine starting] How would you like Italian food? They got the greatest chicken cannelloni at a little place over on Fallbrook. We could start with a nice antipasto and then-- (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, see the woman, forgery suspect. 793, Vista Way. 1-Adam-12, code two. 1-Adam-12, roger. [birds chirping] I hope I'm doing the right thing, Officers, but I'm so worried. L--l just know he's going to get into trouble. What's your name, ma'am? Mrs. Douglas Milne. It's about my stepson. I worried and worried about whether or not to call you, but he's just getting too much for me. You wanna tell us about it? Well, Then I'll try to make it fast because right now, I think he's committing a crime. Is your stepson armed? No. I don't think so. This is something sneaky. His name? Douglas Milne, Jr. He is 19. So young- I know Douglas was upset when his father and I got a divorce, but I have tried to make a good home for him. Mrs. Milne, if he's getting into something we can stop, don't you think we should get to it? Douglas has a friend from San Francisco visiting him. He's unemployed but he seems to have a lot of money. What is his name? James Talbot. There's something vicious about him. Yes, Ma'am? He's trying to sell my stepson some credit cards. I saw one of them when Douglas tried to borrow $20 from me to pay for them. There was Hart, or Hecht, a name like that on them. Did you lend him the money? No, and he and his friend went away mad because I wouldn't. But then Douglas said he knew where he could raise it. Where is that? A pool hall about two blocks away on--on--on the Boulevard. You probably passed it on your way here. [tires squealing] The fuzz. Take off the other way. [tires screeching] Hold it right there. Hands against the wall. Feet back and spread 'em. Feet back and spread 'em. What's your name? James Talbot. You can't do that. Stop a guy and search him. We can when you start to run like that. Why did you? No reason. Just surprised is all. Didn't you tell your buddy here to run the other way? Did I? I don't remember. Let's move over here. Right over here. James Talbot, huh? Where you from, Talbot? San Francisco. Got any ID? Sure. Driver's license, draft card. Remove your wallet and take 'em out. Hold it right there, Talbot. Don't move another inch! [crowd chattering] Get over by the car, Milne. [horn honking] Keep those hands right where they are. Lean on the car. That's why he dropped his wallet, Partner. But I'll bet he's a lot faster. Aren't you? Maybe. Take it. You are under arrest for possession and concealment of a deadly weapon. Oh, come on. I wasn't gonna use it. Sit down, and take off those boots. Here in the street? Take 'em off. James Talbot, being under arrest, I must advise you of your rights. You better listen to this, too, Milne. You have the right to remain silent. If you give up the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to speak with an attorney, and to have an attorney present during questioning. If you so desire and cannot afford one, an attorney will be appointed for you without charge before questioning. Do you understand each of these rights I have explained to you? You'll hear from my attorney all right. Making me strip in the street. Do you understand each of your rights? Yeah, I'm not deaf. Milne? Yes, I understand. Do you wish to give up the right to remain silent? Me? Am I under arrest? Not yet. Finish checkin' out his ID, will you, Reed? Let's go over here. How about it? You talkin'? [laughing] Mute, man, mute. Dump the boots. What? Turn 'em upside down and shake 'em out good. Hey now, wait a minute. There's something-- Dump 'em. Come on. Hand 'em to me. Was that a credit card I saw? Oh, that belongs to a friend of my mother's. May I see it, please? Not the whole wallet. Open it and just hand me the card. I really have two of them. Just in case. A. W. Beck, he's kinda sweet on my mother. These cards belong to an A. W. Beck. I thought you said your name was Talbot. He's my uncle. He gave them to me in case of emergency, you know, on the trip to L.A. 4376, Sixth Street, Santa Barbara? Oh, I don't know the street address, but Santa Barbara is correct. You see, he comes down every weekend and checks just in case I had to use them for anything. Sounds very nice. You wanna step over here, please. Yeah. That's strange. The names on all these cards match. A. W. Beck. San Francisco, not Santa Barbara. Wanna know somethin' even stranger? Talbot just said he stole all five. Two arrests, two hours of paper work. How's it going? Mmm-mmm. Maybe these will help. Thanks. Should be finished with this Milne booking in a minute. Did the Lieutenant approve the Talbot report? He's lookin' at it right now. He wants us to add the C.l.l. info on the San Francisco wants for assault with a deadly weapon on Beck. Dicks are still talkin' to him. Every couple of minutes he cops out to another 211 up there. He's a bad boy, that Talbot. I hope you learned somethin'. More than somethin'. When do you ever get over being scared when you have to take a man you know is armed? When you lose sight of his hands and he kills you. Why don't you finish that up and relax a few minutes? I'll make the changes the Lieutenant wants, and then we'll roll for that big steak. This looks like a steak to me right now. I can't imagine that steak joint closin' up so early. With my luck, it figured. I picked up a few candy bars. You want one? No, see those lights up ahead? Well, just beyond them is the greatest pancake house in the whole world. That's where we're headed right now. Take it easy with the papers. You're gettin' them all over the car. Can't throw them out. $50 fine for litterbugging. [female dispatcher chattering on radio] Malloy, swing around the corner and go in dark. What did you see? Flash of what looked like somebody in a car in there. I think he made us. [tires squealing] Which car? That brown Jag over there. Take the driver's side. Police. You got business in that car? No, I was just-- Get out. Your name? Carl Robinson. Over there. Hands on the hood. What were you doing in the car? Just lookin' it over. L-- I'm kinda nuts about cars. L--l was passin' by, I seen it, I just wanted a closer look. (Reed) 11:00 at night? This places closes at 9:00. I know. Can't stand those pressure salesmen. They leave these lights on so people can look, don't they? But they don't usually leave keys in cars after they lock up. These were in the ignition. Those were in the car when I got in. That's one of the reasons I got in. I just wanted to turn that engine over just once. You might have come by during the day and taken the keys, figuring to come back tonight, and take the car. No, no, I didn't. Honest, Officer, I didn't. No keys in this one. Or in that one. What do you know? Keys. How about that? They do leave some of the keys in cars when they lock up. He might just be tellin' the truth. Let me see your driver's license. [sighing] I don't have one. L--l lost it for drunk driving. I just never went back for it after the time was up. You must have some identification. Uh, social security card, and a--a credit union card from Lockheed. L--l just got a job there. Just take 'em out of your wallet. He may have figured out some way to do it. But it looks to me like this car is completely boxed in. No way to get to the street without movin' this one, and it's locked. It's just possible. You gonna run me? Got no choice. Officer, would you please believe me? I was not trying to steal that car. I didn't case it earlier, or anything like you and your partner think. It's kinda hard to believe. 1-Adam-12, code six at Ventura and La Mirada. Request clear frequency to run one. (female dispatcher) All units on frequency one, standby. 1-Adam-12, go ahead. Robinson, Carl Fredericks. Look, you guys can spot a guy who's done hard time. It just takes something right out of your guts. I'm on parole now. If you bust me, I'll go back to the joint, even though this is a bum beef. Where were you? San Quentin. Two years inside. Would you please give me a break? You know what this is, don't you? [sighing] Field Interview Card. You're gonna make me for the whole division. There's one grand theft in a 100 blocks, I go down for it, right. No wants. Record for grand theft auto. He told me. He's on parole. [sighing] Says it's back to the joint if we bust him. What do you wanna do? Me? It's your arrest. Well, do you think he was trying to steal that car? Reed, a big part of this job is making tough decisions, fast. Now, you know as much about this one as I do. Robinson, you've already done time for auto theft. And I'm sure if you were gonna heist this set of wheels, you would have set it up better. We're gonna let you go. Just remember, we'll contact you at the first sign you've let us down. How do you feel, partner? Hungfy- You seem a little down. You did a big thing. Yeah, but did I do the right thing? Probably. But on this job the only thing that's black-and-white is the car. Quittin' time. No code seven tonight. Pete, would you believe the biggest piece of action we had all night was a deuce? I believe. My partner went over a fence after a prowler and right into a Doberman Pinscher. We spent most of the rest of the watch gettin' him patched up. How did it go with you, Malloy? Oh, pretty routine. Little of this, little of that, you know how it is. See you later. All right, Pete. I don't know who owes the steak to whom, but I'm about ready to go out and buy two of the biggest ones you've ever seen. Smothered in mushrooms and nestled on a bed of French fried onion rings. And so the plate won't be too crowded, we'll have 'em put the shoe string potatoes on one side and the caesar salad on the other. Malloy. I guarantee, this place stays open all night. Look, I'd love to, but-- I did mention the fact that I'm buyin'? Malloy, all of a sudden I'm just not hungry. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 