Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e10 - Log 132: Producer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 10 - Log 132: Producer - full transcript 
 Reed's dog has eight pups ready for new homes but he can't find them homes. They respond to a silent alarm where a young man and girl have tunneled through the wall between two stores. They spot a crowd around a boy who has stuck his head through a iron fence but cannot pull his head out. When grease fails, Reed uses the car's jack to free the boy. After a waitress turns out to be a cat person, they handle a prowler call from a nice looking 23 year old woman. Someone has been prowling around outside her windows for several nights and another patrol flushes out a suspect. Reed may have finally found a home for a puppy but she wants Malloy to deliver it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. Walters? Yeah? How many kids you got? Five. Three boys and two girls. Any birthdays coining up? There's always a birthday coming up. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, I mean like right away. Why? Well, I think I've solved your birthday present problem. Yeah? What's it gonna cost me? Absolutely nothing. Pick one. Personally I think that one is the cutest. With a family your size, you could really use a couple. You've gotta be kidding. What do you mean? I got a wife, five kids, three cats, a duck, a salamander, and a turtle. And you're trying to unload a couple of puppies on me? Oh, you don't have to get sore about it. Who's sore? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 With what I got riding on me at home, I can't afford to be sore. Don't take it personally. Boy, I'm a police officer. I can't afford to take anything personally. But in your case, I'm gonna make an exception. Any guy that would try to unload a couple of mutts on a fellow officer has got to be some kind of a sadist! What was that all about? I don't know. I just tried to give him one of Queenie's pups and he got all bent out of shape. Are you giving the pups away already? It's been six weeks. I guess it has. Are they weaned? Absolutely. They're cute. C'mon, we've got 10 minutes before roll call. Let's go get some coffee. After the reception I got from Walters, I'm beginning to wonder if we're ever gonna be able to find good homes for the pups. Ah, losing one battle isn't the whole war, partner. Yeah. But Jean has been asking around the neighborhood and she hasn't had any luck, either. Maybe it's my approach. How do you mean? Maybe I ought to be more subtle, you know, sell them with psychology. How's it going? What do you say, Woody? Haven't seen you for awhile. Ah, just come back from 14 days off. Go anywhere? Nah, just stayed home and goofed off. Say, old buddy, you, uh, have a family, don't you? Yeah, two kids, why? Oh, I don't know. I guess with my wife expecting for the first time, I'm starting to get curious about the other fellas and their families. Like, uh, how many kids, what kind of pets they have, you know? Yeah, I know what you mean. For instance now, I never noticed how many pregnant women there were in the world until my wife started carrying our first. You know, when you're going to have a family, you just-- you see things differently. Isn't that the truth? You, uh, like dogs? Oh, I love 'em. Any particular kind? Well, I guess I'm sort of weird but I like the plain old mutt, you know. They've got more smarts and personality than any 10 purebreds put together. I couldn't agree with you more. Uh, you got a dog? No, darn it. It's my wife. Your wife? Yeah. The poor gal, she's allergic. Put a dog and her in the same room together and she'll sneeze her head off. Oh, that's too bad. Oh, whatcha got there? Oh, look at that. About six weeks old, right? Just. Get into everything, right? Right. Hmm, yeah. I bet they're cute as the dickens. Ah, you lucky guy, I envy you. Thanks. Well, we better get up to roll call. Yeah. Well, you were right. Right about what? That psychology business, you almost had him sold. Malloy? Yeah? Forget it. [laughs] You know, I've been thinkin'. What about? If you were any kind of a friend, you'd come up with some ideas on how we could find good homes for those puppies. For crying out loud, I didn't leave the gate open so Queenie could become a mother. It wasn't the gate, it was the window and she eloped in the middle of the night. Ah, why don't you put a note or somethin' on the division bulletin board? Yeah, that's not a bad idea. What should I put down? Eight adorable loveable puppies need, uh, children for birthday presents. Contact Jim Reed, P. M. watch. That's pretty good. [police radio chattering] Malloy? No. What do you mean, "No?" No, I will not take a puppy. Did I ask you? Did I ask you to take a puppy? No. Well, then don't say "no" until I ask you. (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity and 1-Adam-12, a 4-5-9, silent, 4371, North Central. 1-Adam-12, Code 2. 1-Adam-12. Roger. It's in the next block. Yeah, I know. We're going up the alley. Turn down the radio. [tires screeching] Got anything? Well, we can't find any sign of entry. Everything looks secure. Malloy's around back. You better put out a Code 4 before every car in the division shows up here. We haven't checked the roofs yet. Any ladders around? None that I could see but these buildings all connect and a burglar could get on the roof at that end of the block and walk up here. All right. Get a hold of the Sergeant. Have him bring us a ladder. Right. You guys wanna cover the front, I'm going around back. Brink and Miller are covering the front. They've called for the Sergeant's wagon Okay, let's go. Hold it right there! Freeze! All right, drop it. Drop it! Be careful. I think there's another one in here. Cover me. Right. Turn around, put your hands on top of the rack. Feet back and spread 'em. Left hand behind your head. Where's your partner? I haven't got a partner. I work alone. (Malloy) Not on this job, you didn't. (suspect) I said I was by myself. Reed, the back door. Hold it! [screams] Let go of me, you filthy cop! Settle down, lady, you're gonna get hurt! Okay, let's go, How'd you know she was in there? Keep an eye on 'em, will you, Miller? Right. Come on. I'll show you. Lipstick. Right. I figured we had another one around here someplace. We'll let Brink and Miller pick up the evidence. What's your name? Taggart, Brian Taggart. You know, I should've shot you. Why didn't you? I didn't want to get blown up by no shotgun. I didn't have a shotgun. No, but I could see those cops outside did. I knew I couldn't get past 'em. You know-- you know, they blow up with a shotgun, they bury you in a sack. All right, Taggart, you better listen to this. And you, too. You have the right to remain silent. If you give up the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you... I before E except after C. Did I do that again? Several times. (MacDonald) Good job. All the evidence booked in? Yes sir. Sir, would it be all right if one of the Mid-Watch cars took the girl down to Sybil Brand Institute and booked her in for us? We haven't had seven yet and we still have to book Taggart into Central Jail. I see. Yeah, sure. Go ahead. Thanks, Sarge. Have 1-A-91 come to the station. Over there. Yeah, I see it. [car door closing] Here's the police. All right, folks. Let us through. C'mon, stand back Go back please. C'mon, break it up. Well, well, well, what have we got here? I'm stuck. You sure are. How did you do that? I just stuck my head in. I guess I wanted to see if it would fit. (boy) Am I gonna have to stay here forever? Who said so? He did. Well, I--I--I was-- I was just--just kidding him along. Don't you worry. We'll get you out. I don't see how you got in there in the first place. I don't either. Not any more. Well, put us Code 6. Right. All right, folks, c'mon, step back. Give the little boy some air. C'mon. 1-Adam-12. It's Code 6 at the west side of Eldon Park. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, roger. Now, what's your name? Thomas Martin. Well, Thomas Martin, let's see if you can get your head out of there. I can't, it hurts my ears. Well, here, let me hold your ears down. Oh, it hurts, it hurts. Okay, come on back forward. That's not gonna work. All we need is some grease. That's a pretty good idea. Anybody know where we can get some thick grease around here? There's a gas station on the corner. I'll go get some. Okay, take off. Whatcha gonna do? We're gonna grease up your head real good and try to slip it out of there, nice and easy. Grease! Gee, my mom'll kill me if I come home with grease all over my head. It'll be all right. You tell her it was our idea. I guess that'll be okay. Did I get enough, Officer? Yeah, that ought to do it. Thank you, son. Ah. We're gonna try again, Tommy. You ready? I guess so. Oh, it hurts, hurts my ears. Come back forward. It's not gonna work either. You better get the jack out of the car. Yeah. Don't worry, Tommy. We'll have you outta there in a minute. You really think so? Sure, we do this all the time. You mean there are other kids as dumb as me? Not dumb, just curious. Gee, kids are sure funny Excuse me, folks. Okay, son. Put your head up just a little bit. Okay, now try it. Okay, now. [people clapping] Thanks a lot, fellas. You're welcome, Tommy. You better get home now. Congratulations, partner. Anyway, this dog wanders into the backyard all dirty, foxtails and burrs in her coat. So Jean says don't feed her and she'll go away. So I don't feed her. But she doesn't go away. In a couple of days, she starts looking pretty good like she's had a bath and she's eating regularly. Who do you think was feeding her? The green phantom? Yeah, the green phantom, that hard-hearted wife of mine. Anyhow, that's how come we got Queenie and eight puppies. Hmm. Seriously, Malloy. Seriously, what? Now really, you oughta. Really, I oughta what? Oh, c'mon, quit acting like I was about to ask you to take a puppy. Did I say you were about to ask me to take a puppy? No. Then don't say I said it till I say it. Are you about to ask me to take a puppy? Yes. No. I will not take a puppy. What's the matter with you, you hate dogs? No, but in the first place, I live in an apartment, and in the second place, I'm a bachelor. That's the very reason you oughta have one. You're alone too much of the time. When you go home at night, there's nothing there but four cold walls, emptiness and silence. Peace and quiet. You're fighting me, Malloy. Look, you meatball, what am I gonna do with a puppy? Lock it up in an empty apartment all the time I'm working? No, you could leave it over at our place and pick it up every night when you get off work. Reed, you're out of your mind. Don't try to make me feel bad. Just say no. No. Well, don't say no. Say you'll think about Anything else? Are you gonna eat the rest of your meat? Why? Well, I thought if you didn't want it I thought, I'd take-- For the puppies. Sure, why not. Can I have a bowser-bag, please. I got a brand new litter of puppies. Puppies! What kind? American. See. Oh, they're cute. Would you like one? Gee, I'm sorry. I've got cats. Well, 15 minutes to go to end of watch. What are you trying to do, jinx us? What do you mean? (male dispatcher) All units in the vicinity, and 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a prowler there now, 456, Bennington, Apartment three. 1-Adam-12. Code 2. That's what I mean. 1-Adam-12. Roger. [crickets chirping] You guys wanna check around the back? Will do. (woman) Who is it? Police. Please come in. Am I glad to see you! (Malloy) You're having some trouble tonight? I turned the lights off so I could see out the windows. That help? Thank you. You wanna tell us about it? Look at me shaking. I've never been so scared in my life. Here. Thank you. For several nights now, I'm sure somebody's been prowling around outside my bedroom windows. And tonight he tried to get in. Where's the bedroom? In there. Mind if we take a look? Okay, if I come with you? Sure. C'mon. I know it's silly but I don't want to be alone. I was getting ready for bed, brushing my hair, thought I heard a noise in the front, so I went to make sure the chain was on the door. I came back in the bedroom and I saw him. Where was he? At that window. Trying to pry it open. What did he look like? Oh, he was horrible looking. His nose was mashed all over his face and his lips were flattened out. I couldn't see his eyes. He was wearing a black sweater, something black. Sounds like he had a mask on him. I don't know. Iran to the phone and called you people. He must have had a mask on. Nobody could be that ugly. (Reed) There was somebody out here, all right. He left some good footprints. We'll need a large cardboard box to cover them up. The detectives may wanna make a plastic cast tomorrow. What good will that do? It'll help us identify him if we pick him up and he's wearing the same shoes he had on tonight. You will get him, won't you? We'll try. We need your name, Miss. Susan, Susan Decker. Could we go in the other room? Sure. How old are you, Miss Decker? 23. You're not leaving, are you? Not until we've searched the neighborhood thoroughly. There's a team outside now. Where do you work? Bannisters Department Store. I'm a model. What's your name? Malloy. This is my partner, Jim Reed. What time did this happen? About five minutes before you got here. We'll need your phone number. 7-6-3-4-6-9-9. What'll I do if he comes back? I doubt if he will, but it he does, just get on the phone. Will they send you out again? No, we get off at midnight. Oh. But don't worry. Somebody will be here on the double. You know, I used to enjoy living alone like this. Yeah, I know what you mean. DO you? You know, Miss Decker, what you need is a dog. A dog? Yeah, a really first-rate watch dog. Good companion and there's nothing better for discouraging prowlers or burglars. And you'd feel, you know, protected. Gee, I don't know. What do you think? Well, he's right. And it just so happens he's a brand new litter of puppies. Nice ones. I'm sure he'd be glad to give you one. Sure would. Here, take a look. Pick anyone you like. Oh, cute. [knocking on door] That's okay, it's probably Johnson. I'm sorry for being such a baby. Under the circumstances, I think you're doing pretty well, Miss Decker. It's a matter of opinion. Miss Decker, this is Officer Johnson. How do you do? Just fine, ma'am. We flushed a guy down at the end of the alley. Sanchez is holding him. Can Miss Decker identify the prowler? Probably not. The description she gave he was all dressed in black and wearing some kind of a mask. Like maybe a nylon stocking over his face? We found this in his pocket. There's some good prints under the bedroom window. If you've got the right body, he'll have heels that fit those holes. We'll check it out. We'll be along in a minute. I sure hope you've got him. I'd never be able to sleep tonight if I thought he was still out there someplace. I really think you can relax now, Miss Decker. C'mon partner, let's see what they've got. Oh, uh... About those puppies... Yes, ma'am? I don't know too much about dogs. Could you pick one out for me and bring him over, tomorrow, maybe? He sure can. I'll try. I'll be waiting. So I don't see what you're so burned up about. She's a pretty darn good lookin' girl. So why don't you take a pup over there tomorrow? You never can tell. I can tell. Besides, I don't need days off. You know, it's against regulations to fraternize with anybody you meet on the job. Oh, yeah. I kinda forgot about that. Yeah, I guess you kinda did. So you take a pup over to her tomorrow and be sure you take Jean along with you. You know, it really wasn't a bad idea you had about giving her a pup. Fact is I know quite a few girls that live alone like her. Malloy, how's about you-- Gimme that picture of Queenie. Who knows, with a little luck, I might be able to get rid of the whole litter for you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 