Adam-12: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adam-12 
 s1e13 - Log 122: Christmas - The Yellow Dump Truck - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adam-12 (1968–1975): Season 1, Episode 13 - Log 122: Christmas - The Yellow Dump Truck - full transcript 
 On Christmas eve Reed and Malloy make rounds distributing police department donation packages to needy families, and pull many heartstrings. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, possible 459 suspects there now. 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12, a 415, man with a gun. 1-Adam-12, no warrant. Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida 483. 1-Adam-12, a 415, fight group with chains and knives. Male Caucasian, 5' 9" or 10". Black and brown, 160 to 170, wearing white shirt, green trousers. Tattoo, "Death before dishonor", on right forearm. Probably, carrying a .9 mm blue-steel automatic. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wanted by Hollywood detectives. DR number, 4709586. That's all I've got. We're going to skip roll-call training and inspection today to give you time to get these bags out into your cars. Deliver them as soon as you can, before dark if possible, in case you get hung-up later on. I believe they're laid out in order. Right, low cars start over in that corner. All right, unless somebody has something, that's it. It looks like, we're gonna have to make a couple trips. At least, they're not too heavy. (Moore) Now, hold it a minute. I almost forgot. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Merry Christmas! (all) Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! Let's leave this stuff here until we find it out how she wants us to get it in. [door bell rings] Hi! Hi, Mary! Bill! Go tell Mom, the police are here! The application went through for us, huh? Sure did. Oh, that's great! I guess, you'd like to surprise the rest of the kids, huh? If you like, we can take them around back for you. I don't know. Wait a minute. Let me ask Mother. (Mary) Harvey, don't you eat the glue off your fingers. Hi, Harvey. How're you doing? Pretty good. Did you make that yourself? Uh-huh. What you gonna do with it? Hang it on the tree? That's what it's for. Hanging on the tree. Sure is pretty. It's not done, yet. I'm gonna make it long. Real, real long. What I want is a dump truck. No kidding. A yellow dump truck. What would you do with it? Put stuff in it and raise up the back and dump it out. Even you ought to know that. We got a pile of dirt out back, and I'm going to dump that. Suppose Santa brings you something else? A dump truck. There are awful lot of other nice toys. A dump truck. A yellow dump truck. Mary, take him inside and close the door. And don't let him put his fingers in his mouth. Come on, Harvey. It's only flour paste but he picks up everything. But all I need's for him to get sick, just now. [sighs] I was just going out. We've got a whole bagful of toys in the car for you, Mrs. Ward. Mary told me. The children are all home and I'd like not to bring them in just now. (Malloy) I can't promise when we'd get back this way. I was going to the Big Basket. The market? Could you meet me there in about an hour? (Malloy) I don't see why not, sure. Then I could put them right in my car. Okay. You don't know what this is going to mean. I told the children not to expect anything at all this year. I don't think you got through to Harvey. He told you about the dump truck? Mmm-hmm. I don't suppose there's anything like that? I doubt it. The Department can only give out the things they collected, whatever's donated, you know. Well, as long as he has something to play with he'll be happy. We'll see you at the market. I'll be waiting for you. Any dump trucks? No. Malloy? Yeah? It's kind of a shame. You know, what we could do? No. No, what? No, we're not going to buy Harvey a yellow dump truck. Well, I've got a couple of bucks. I thought maybe we could split-- Forget it. Who's next? Merry Christmas, Mr. Kerr. [chuckles] Doggone. I mean, I sure appreciate it. You and the kids have a nice day tomorrow. Hey. Merry Christmas! Thanks! Uh... I guess I sound pretty hard-hearted, huh? No. I understand. Uh, Mr. Kerr, Tremaynes, I guess they all need a lot of things, too. That's right. Besides, you can't let yourself get all bent out of shape, every time you see somebody unhappy on this job. Get involved up to a point beyond that you'll go screaming up the walls. Yeah. I guess you're right. I'll tell you somethin' funny. The one Christmas that sticks in my mind. I couldn't have been much older than Harvey. During the war, my father was overseas. And I wanted an air rifle in the worst way. And my mother must've been having a pretty hard time. 'Cause what I wound up with, was a sack of marbles. But, you know, I--l can't remember a better Christmas. 'Cause we all had this good, warm feeling, you know. Yeah. We had times like that, too. Sometimes having trouble brings a family closer together. Yeah. Anyway, Harvey'll probably open whatever he gets and have the time of his life. Sure. Kids get these ideas and forget them just as fast. That's right. Next week, he'll probably want something else altogether. Mmm-hmm. Like you said, you can't let yourself get involved. That's right! You do, you break your heart twice a day. Yeah. [bells ringing] Reed? Yeah? Can you spare about $3? Yeah, but I thought you just-- Let me have it. And don't forget, it's gotta be yellow. Merry Christmas, Mrs. Ward. Thanks and I hope you have a Happy New Year. You shouldn't have done that. Done what? All right. All right. I won't ask where it came from. [sobs] Hey, hey, hey, now, that's not the idea. I know, I know. Thank you. Hey, let's get the rest of the stuff delivered, before dark. Pete, you know, sometimes, you really confuse me. You don't believe everything I tell you, do you? Pretty much, yeah. That's right, you should. Except, when I'm talking through my hat. See, that Christmas, I told you about? One of the things I remember was how disappointed I was when I saw that crummy sack of marbles. [car tires screeching] Pete, look out! [car engine revving] Merry Christmas! I think, he just wished us a Merry Christmas. He's waving us on past. You! In the green Chevy. Pull over to the curb and stop! [tires screeching] Pull over to the curb and stop! Hit your brakes! What seems to be the trouble? Mr. Haines, are you sick or injured? Boy, are you confused. I'm not sick! I'm smashed! Nice of you to ask, though. Considerate. That's what he is. Considerate. [exclaiming] Couple of whiffs in here, you're ready for the breathalyzer, yourself. All yours, Malloy. How'd I do? Blew yourself a 2-8. What's the record? Come on, let's get you booked and bedded down, friend. Beat that if you can! [sighs] You off, tomorrow? No, I'm working. Ah, that's too bad. Why? I asked for it. You're kiddin'. No. But, don't tell my wife. They're supposed to go to his mother-in-law's for dinner. I see what you mean. What's that? It's an ampoule of acid, Mr. Haines. Oh, we get along all right, you understand. But the whole family'll be there. Aunts, uncles, cousins, people I never saw before. IJ'[inmates singing] I wind up with a headache and half a turkey wing, always do. Hey, cut that out! That's next week (Reed) Keep it down. ? Jingle bells, jingle bells N Would you just keep quiet? Somebody is got to go back and straighten those guys out. Be patient. You'll probably get your chance. You-N cu know Jingle Bells? Not now. What's the matter, buddy? You got something against Jingle Bells? [chuckles] No, just don't make so much noise. (Walters) You know about those toys? There's this family, the Hinsons. Must have had ten kids, under six. Uh, four. Well, it seems like ten. They swarm on you, like puppies. I'm sitting in the car, with one of them on my knee, talking to him. A call comes down, a 459 silent. [inaudible] So, I start trying to get rid of the kids. As fast as I pulled one off, two more jump on. And this guy, he sat there, laughing like a hyena. What was really funny was, they were eating peanut butter sandwiches. [chuckles] Okay, Mr. Haines. You get your own personal mouthpiece. Just give me a good, steady breath, right in there. (Walters) Pete, did you ever reach in your pocket, to find a peanut butter sandwich? [chuckles] That's fine. ? Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way N' Hey, hey buddy. Why don't you join in, hm? You doth know Jingle Bells? Anything you like. How 'bout, King Wenceslaus? Come on, he can't hardly say it. Uh, that's all right, I can't hardly say it, myself. Mr. Haines, you blew yourself a 3-1. I don't think, you're gonna feel too sharp in the morning. Ah, anything you say. He's all yours. Come on, let's go. Merry Christmas! Hey, hey- Merry Christmas, buddy! Uh, Mrs. Ward! What are you doing down here? Somebody stole my car. And I-- I came down to report it. What happened? I picked up the TV set. It was being repaired. They only charged me for the parts, so, the kids'd have it for tomorrow. Then I went to this Christmas tree lot, and somebody stole my car. I already told them all about it at the desk. Signed the papers. Which lot was it? The one on Sixth and Van Arden. If you go by late, you can sometimes pick one up cheap. When I got back to the car, with the tree, it was gone. I never thought anyone would steal an old car like that. Some people'll steal anything with wheels on it. When I told the kids, they'd have presents, tomorrow morning. They were wild. Mary and I could hardly get 'em to bed. You took the toys out of the car, didn't you? No. I never got the chance. That's great. (Mrs. Reed) I don't know what I'll tell them. I'll just have to tell them something. Too tired to think about it, right now. I'm going home and go to bed. Hey, lady! Merry Christmas! Mr. Haines, your timing is lousy. What's wrong with the tree? Wait--wait a minute. It's--it's, uh, got one of those wooden stands under it, hasn't it? [sighs] Well, just-just give it a couple of licks under the bottom. That'll--that'll do it. Yeah. It's gonna be late, looks like. I know that. Get there, as soon as I can. Like I told you, just get a hammer and give it a couple of licks. Yeah. Yeah, okay, honey. Yeah, bye. We've got a problem, Jerry. We could use some information. You've got a problem? Look, I've got three suspects to question, yet. I won't get out of here before 2:00, even if I'm lucky. Then, I gotta go home. Gotta bolt together one of those, do-it-your-self pedal cars. My youngest is gonna be up by 5:00. I know it, 'cause he was last year. Anyhoo, what can I do for you? Lady had a blue, '59 Pontiac stolen. From Sixth and Van Arden. That's a high-frequency area. Yeah, I know. What's special about it? She's got her kids' Christmas presents in the trunk. We'd like to try and do some good, if we can find the time. Well... What it is in that area, mostly are kids joy-riding. They hang around those hamburger stands and drive-ins. I just don't have any names or descriptions, that'll do you any good. You know where they dump most of 'em. Yeah. Trunk-load of Christmas toys, huh? Yeah. Well, that's rough. If it is kids fooling around, they might ditch it about any place. Wish I could be more help. [sighs] Have a Merry Christmas, Sergeant. Oh, I will, if I ever get out of here. Oh, Malloy, they did pick up a couple of ducks, earlier, this month in that alley off of, uh... Central, between Tenth and Eleventh. You might try that. Thanks, Jerry. Well, you know any place else to look? No. Not unless you want to take a swing up to the hills. (female dispatcher) 1-Adam-12, 1-Adam-12. See the woman. A family dispute 2641, West Van Arden. 1-Adam-12, Roger. A family dispute on Christmas Eve? Well, it's gotta be one for the books. (Reba) Why can't you take me out to dinner, once in a while? (Charles) Why don't you just wrap it around the chicken... God! [couple arguing loudly] [doorbell buzzing] For Pete's sake, yeah, what do you-- Whoa! Somebody called us. I did. Don't you go near that door, with my clothes. All right, back it off! I said stop. What's the trouble? I married a nut, that's what the trouble is. I don't know why you called these people-- You're gettin' out of here, tonight, Charlie. Oh no. You're not putting me out. Not on Christmas Eve. All right, one at a time. [both arguing] One at a time! Sir. Keep your voices down. You wanna step over here. Oh no, I'm not leaving this door. She'll throw more of my stuff out. Look. Why don't you do what he says? Maybe, we can get this whole thing settled. Yeah, come on, I'd like to hear what you've got to say. Okay, okay, I guess. Well, you can understand how I feel, seeing that, same old, stale plastic Christmas tree every year! Oh, there she goes. All right! (Charles) That's my clothes she's throwing out! You come over here with me. See, what I gotta put up with. Oh, Boy. Yeah. Now, what's the problem? Well, I can't take it anymore. I mean, I--l try to save money. He tells me, we have to be careful and then he goes out and he spends it with both hands! Mmm-hmm? Last week I said to him: [sighs] I said, "Charlie, Charlie, why don't you take me out for Christmas dinner." And he said it would cost too much. Well, I can't argue with that, it does cost money. So, I got a chicken. I was gonna stuff it, I--l planned a nice little Christmas dinner, here. Just the two of us. And what did they deliver, here, this afternoon? A ham! He got one of those special hams, that you gotta send away for. $2, $2.25 a pound. 14 pounds of it, right out there in the kitchen! You could've taken me out to dinner for that! We'll get five meals out of that ham! And what do I do with the chicken? You really wanna know? You can take that chicken... All right, knock it off now. Was that what started it, the ham? Well, I... I mentioned it to him. And then he started in on the-- on the Christmas tree. I mean, I bought it. I bought it to save money. You can use it again. But, oh, no. No, no, not for him! You've just gotta get him out of here. You've gotta get him out of here. Right now. I'm afraid, I can't do that. But you stay right over here and I'll go talk to him. You've been drinking? Me? Oh, no, no, I--l... I guess what it is, I must've spattered myself. You see, when she knocked down our Christmas tree and stomped on it. I went in and I got that ham, and threw it in my Wassail bowl. In you what? My Wassail bowl! (Reba) You see, what I mean? He's a nut! Well, it's a punch! It's warm ale, rum, some spices. It's a traditional Christmas drink. I was making it out in the kitchen. And uh, you know what else? He's been soaking a fruit cake in brandy, ever since Thanksgiving! Ooh, I'm telling you, he's a nut! Okay, I'm a nut, I'm a nut. Are you satisfied? Look, all I wanted was, an old fashioned Christmas, for once. You know, a real tree, traditional Christmas dinner, that sort of thing. But, ah, the spirit's out of it. Now there's no point to it. L--l guess I might as well leave. If that's what you wanna do. Well, it sure beats fightin'. Well, our concern is that there's no disturbances of peace. Okay, okay, okay. I'll leave. By the way. Your present's over there. If you're interested tomorrow, that is. [sighing] You might as well take yours with you. L--l might as well. Yours is the big one with the bow and pretty flowered paper. Uh-huh. Well-- Uh, why don't you open it now? I mean, there's no point in waiting. It'll save you the trouble of carryin' it around with you. That's true. Go ahead. Baby, how did you-- how did you know I wanted this? I saw you looking at the ads. Is it all right? Is it all right? Oh. it's great. Hey look at that, fellas. How about that, huh? (Reed) Yeah, it'll come in handy. Oh, Charlie. You like it, baby? Oh, it's beautiful. It must've been expensive. Most expensive one they had. Well, if you can get me something like this, why can't you take me out to dinner once in a while? Oh, now for Pete's sake, Reba, not now-- Something totally impractical. What am I supposed to do? Wear this while I'm soaking and peeling that cockamamie ham of yours? Why don't you put it around the chicken... [both arguing] Wonder if they'll be able to make it through tomorrow without starting up again. If they don't, somebody from the day watch can have the fun. I know I'm not gonna be able to get those Ward kids off my mind tomorrow. How can you enjoy Christmas when you know somebody else is having a bad time? This is what happens when you let yourself get involved. You should've listened to me. I should've listened to me. (male dispatcher) All units on all frequencies, standby. 1-Adam-43 is in pursuit. 1-Adam-43, what is your location? (Walter) Southbound on Central, passing 33rd. 1-Adam-43, repeat your location. Southbound on Central, passing 31st. They might get this far down. 1-Adam-43, describe the vehicle. A '59 blue Pontiac. Norah, Ocean, Ida 743. It's Mrs. Ward's. Maybe we'll be lucky. Let's go give 'em a hand. I sure hope we nail him. (male dispatcher) AH units, 1-Adam-43 reports a code four at 17th and Central. Suspect in custody. Hey, that's just great. The Ward kids'll have a good Christmas after all. Maybe not. Remember those toys are stolen property now. Yeah? The dicks may want to impound 'em as evidence. Oh, isn't there anything we can do about it? We can try. Put us out to the station. Look, I can't get outta here if I stay talkin' on the phone line. Yeah. Okay, bye now. Right. Bye. Oh, what's new? Remember that GTA I told you about? Yeah. You turn the guy? No, Walters and Brinkman did. They'll be bringing him in any second. Fine. What's wrong? It's about the toys, Sarge. If they get booked in as stolen property, it's gonna ruin Christmas for those kids. So we thought we come down and see if you could-- That's the guy? Yeah, he's been giving us-- You guys gotta believe-- All right. Hold it. Come on, sit down. Did you give him his rights? We did. He agreed to talk, huh? Sergeant, we haven't been able to shut him up. Okay, what's your problem? Look, so I heisted the wheels, and the TV set. It's not such a big deal. But I swear I never even knew the toys were in the trunk. I mean, you gotta be a real creep to steal toys from kids, especially on Christmas Eve. Well, if he didn't even know they were in there, Sarge then you can't say he was really trying to steal 'em, can you? Reed, Jerry can figure it out himself. All I'm trying to say is that they're not really evidence then, are they? You were after the TV and the wheels? Right? Right, right. That-that's what I've been trying to tell you. Toys didn't even enter into it. No. Go on, get 'em outta here. We got enough work to do. Anything to oblige, Jerry. Hey! Merry Christmas. [laughing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 