Life on Mars: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Life on Mars 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Life on Mars (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 Sam believes exposing a dirty cop will make his tests in 2006 show a response, but will the sacrifice of the unit be worth it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This car is disgusting. So get out. Staking out a technical college. All my ambitions fulfilled. Two arrests for possession of cocaine, both of them students in that tech. I want to know who's dealing. And we're not leaving this to the drugs squad because...? DI Robinson made a pass at the guv's wife last Bonfire Night. I won't have drugs on my patch! Chris and that plonk better be flushing that scum out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Her name's Annie. What the... You have got to be joking. Trudy were asking if I'd seen them. Guv! Go go go! C'mon! You'll pay for that. It's bloody shitty! - I'm on him! - Get that cleared up! He's the dealer! Stop! Police! How's that for a truncheon? Oh, bollocks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My thoughts exactly. How are you, Billy-boy? Long time, no see. My name is Sam Tyler. I had an accident and I woke up in 1973. Am i mad? In a coma? Or back in time? Whatever's happened, it's like I've landed on a different planet. Now maybe if I can work out a reason, I can get home. He's a druggie. Just charge the bugger. He was only carrying three wraps. He's no more than a recreational user. Recreational? It's cocaine, not Subbuteo. Every user has a supplier. If we trace the line of supply, we find the source. This is a golden opportunity. You're never happy unless you're making my life complicated, are you? Play this right and Billy Kemble can lead us to a much bigger collar. How'd that be for sticking it to your mate in the drugs squad? How are you, Billy-boy? I want a solicitor. I want Fiona Richmond as a secretary, looks like we'll both have to wait. Where'd you get it? Get what? - What are they? - Come on Billy. Flashing at young mothers is your vice, not drugs. Tell us who gave it you and we can all be home in time to watch The High Chapparal. I've got nowt to say. Sixty seconds to confess or get charged with assault on a police officer. A monkey could have got a confession out of Billy Kemble. Mike Tyson wades in and now he's refusing to say a word. Mike who? Are we keeping you up? You will be. Every cell's full and Harry Smith's phoned in sick. Muggins here's covering and I'm knackered. Serves you right for staying up rutting all night with that new fella of yours. Do you let his guide dog watch? His guide dog's giving your mam one. From behind. Whatever happened to all the classy birds? What are you doing? I'm gonna get a name from Kemble. Here we go! No. Half an hour in there and Kemble will be talking nineteen to the dozen. You're having a guest, Albert. I'm not sharing with no one. What is that, a double negative? Don't they teach you anything in nutter school ? I get out of here, the first thing I'll do is knife your missus. Oh, shut up and share nicely. Come on. Shut up and get in there. I'm not going in there. - Guv.... - Come on, get out the way. You can't do this. Call DI Carling when you're ready to name your source. Squeal piggy, squeal! - Deliverance. - I know. Please! Right, I'm leaving you in charge. Me? What? Chris, you stay and help. DI Tyler and myself have to discuss drugs policy and procedure. So he's buying me dinner. You want to discuss procedure? We'll be back in a couple of hours. I'll expect you to have the name of Kemble's supplier. Think you can manage that? Yes, guv. Thanks guv. Right. I fancy something a little bit different. When I said 'different', I meant maybe a Berni Inn. Why have we come to Rusholme for a curry? The Taj Mahal's only round the corner from the station. This is the real deal. Mind you, it looked a bit different last time I was here. Here you are, this'll do. Is he responding? Where the hell are you going? - I thought I saw... - Are we eating or what? So, you said you wanted to talk about procedure. Oh. No no no no no. The missus is staying with her mother. I don't eat alone. Well, if I told you that, I knew you wouldn't come. So, how come you're such an expert on all this drugs stuff? Most of my cases in Hyde were drugs related. The users start off casual, then the addiction spirals... and they end up funding their habit through crime. - So bang up the users. - It's like pissing in the wind. It's all about the supply. You cut the supply, you cut the number of users. What's wrong with that radio? Sounds alright to me. That's Pulp. Tastes like spinach. That's Pulp. I saw them play the Nynex, 96. The way Sam responds to these sensory tests will be crucial. I haven't finished yet. Sam. They said my name on the radio. What, you got a dedication? - Sam. - You must have heard that! Right. Should be getting back. See if Billy Kemble's coughed. Sam, c'mon. No Phyllis? What the hell is going on? Why is nobody out... Won't be hearing any more from this chap. When did you last check on Billy Kemble? You should have conducted half-hourly welfare checks. We did check on him. That's how we knew he was dead. All the signs are it was a massive coronary. What brought it on's another matter. Bruising to the neck, torn clothing and a cut on his face. I'll be interested to hear what your post-mortem makes of that. Good night. Right, where's Collins now? He's in number three. - Did he attack Kemble? - They weren't in the same cell. Did he attack Kemble?! Yes. But we moved Kemble out soon as we released out of the others. This stays within CID, understand? Right, we have to get a confession out of Collins. Billy Kemble was put in your cell right as rain. A few hours later he's covered in injuries and stiff as a board. I told you what'd happen if you put him in with me. I'm not the one who should be examining my conscience. What happened in there? He wanted the bed. I told him it was mine. There was a little rough and tumble. Yeah, well, that little rough and tumble brought on a heart attack. For a couple of slaps? Maybe if it was you, you lardy bastard. The lad was fine when they let him out of my cell. 'Course, what you lot did to him after, who can say? Please do not question the integrity of my officers. You'll give me indigestion. So, we just surrendered the moral high ground to a psychopath. Good nights work. We all stick together on this. You okay? You look a bit... shaky, guv. Curry doesn't agree with me. Billy Kemble was a flasher, caught in possession of cocaine. He was beaten up by a nutter who should have been put away years ago. One scumbag offed another. It's bad luck he did it downstairs, but these things happen. Once the post-mortem has been done, we'll nail a confession from Albert Collins. In the meantime, you get your statements written up and in to me. Keep them simple. No cause for fretting. Annie... I'm fine. It's not your fault. What? Just because you were on duty. You're not to blame. I know. What I mean is, something like this, post-traumatic stress can cause... shock... or... guilt. What are you talking about? The situation tonight should never have happened. So why did you let them put him in that cell? Me? You should have all just left him alone. Lovers' tiff? Piss off. Right. Kemble's body needs identifying before we can do a post-mortem. First thing, fetch the next of kin, tell them the bare minimum. Just make sure they know it were your idea to keep him in for the night. Is that how this is gonna work? Keep the facts as quiet as possible? Look. It's been a long night and now is not the time to test my patience. Mind the step. Don't want the other hip giving way. Right, bye Mrs Willain. Hope she trips. She's never happy unless someone else is suffering. You 9.30? Come on, I'll be behind. So, who normally does your hair? The council? Are you Andrea Kemble? I hope so. Else I'm in another bugger's flat. You've no chance of a David Cassidy. It'll have to be a Paul Newman. Detective Inspector Sam Tyler. Haven't you lot got better things to do? Go on then. Who's he flashed this time? - Can we sit down? - No. I've a 9.30 due. Just tell me what our Billy's done. Billy... died. During the night. No he didn't. He was in police custody. I..I just saw him yesterday. It happened in the early hours of the morning. It must be another Kemble. You've got it mixed up. I'm sorry. How? We need somebody to identify the body. Was he married or...? Just me. My baby brother. That's Billy. What's that? He's bruised. There was an altercation in the cells. There was a fight with another prisoner. That's how he died? The coroner will determine the exact cause of death. Alright. I see. Thank you, Detective Inspector. We've still to verify the exact chain of events. But everything seems to have been done in accordance with the correct procedural guidelines. Of course. I'm sure you've been very thorough. Is that all I have to do? Look... Is there anything else you want to know? Don't you want to ask anything? I'm sorry we've caused you this much trouble. I won't take up any more of your time. Miss Kemble. I... We... didn't see any real danger, putting him in that cell. I'm sure you did what was right. He shouldn't have got himself in here. If there was any negligence, it will be investigated. I think I can trust the police. Soon as we get the post-mortem results, we'll take another pop at Collins, I want that confession. Who's gonna take a pop at us? Not with you. We put Billy Kemble in that cell. You chose Collins to be his cellmate, I stood by and watched. Kemble had drugs on him. If he'd been clean, we'd never have had to put him in that cell. And that absolves us, does it? We didn't smack him about. But you knew Collins might. That was the whole point, wasn't it? Now is not the time to be having a one-night stand with your conscience. You were wetting your pants about getting a confession out of Kemble. You knew the score. Where were you when Kemble was being knocked about? That's right, you were stuffing down a curry at Gunga Din's in Rusholme. Now you understand how we all need to stick together. Staff training a la Gene Hunt? Superintendant. Don't mind me. About that cell death. Yeah, we're just collating statements. Make it clear to your officers, will you. I expect honesty and transparency in all testimonies. Anyone who's innocent has nothing to fear about the events of last night. However, if there's so much as a sniff of bad behaviour, I'll have your team disbanded and discarded so fast you'll think your arses were lightning. Delighted to know we have your unconditional support, Frank. As ever. Plenty'd like to see you head on a pole, Gene. I've sheltered you one too many times. - I think I know where I stand. - Right on the edge. Wobbling. Not gonna wash your hands, sir? Most unlike you. I don't understand. It's all in my statement. I'm not sure it is, sweetheart. I mean, for instance, Kemble was a flasher. You must've been threatened by that. - He didn't flash me. - Yeah, but if he had done. She just said he didn't. But you'd have felt threatened. Disgusted. As a bird, like. Maybe. Right. Well, let's put that in. What did he do when you looked in? Flicked me the Vs. "Brandished his arms in an aggressive and violent manner" How many times did you check on him? Once. Maybe twice. Your memory's hardly your best quality, is it Chris? Let's round it up to four. I said, he slid the tray along the floor at her. "Mr Kemble angrily threw food in the face of WPC Annie Cartwright." Sign there. At Hyde, we had a name for what you're doing now. Spin. I'm protecting my team. Yourself, you mean. Do you know how long I've spent building up this department? I am my team. One falls, we all do. Right, Oswald. How did he die? Coronary failure. Massive heart attack to you. He had a perennially weak heart, high blood pressure, the whole kit and caboodle. The fight didn't kill him. No. Those injuries were entirely superficial. Cuts and bruises. But his heart failed because he ingested such a large amount of cocaine. Cocaine. He was high when we brought him in, which means we're in the clear. Oswald, my beauty, you've just done us a massive favour. I shall sleep soundly for years. He didn't show any signs of drug use during the interview. If he'd taken cocaine he would have been hyperactive, restless. Just because he wasn't playing the sitar or seeing purple elephants... We're missing something here. There's something I've read about cocaine when I was in... Hyde. I can't remember what it is. Sorry it doesn't match the pictures in your I-Spy book of druggie behaviour, but the post mortem was conclusive. The important is we make sure the sister doesn't kick up a fuss. I want this case glued shut. Bloody council. Spends my taxes housing the scum of this city in penthouses. All mod cons, city views. Jammy bastards. What's she like, tasty? - Be gentle, will you? - I'm not a bleeding luddite. Hiya love. DCI Hunt. How're you feeling? Just come to talk to you about how your brother copped it. The post-mortem concluded that Billy died from a heart attack. Because of that fight he had. 'Fraid not, darling. Seems a large quantity of cocaine skipped up his nose, conked out his heart. - Drugs? Lot of dangerous hobbies, your Billy. Did you know that Billy took cocaine? He doesn't. He'd never take drugs. With respect, you probably thought he kept his cock in his keks and all. He your boss? Well, what would I get for smacking him one? Round of applause from half our station. Right. Well, we know he was supplying cocaine to students at the Tech. Obviously liked a little sniff himself. He's got a dicky heart. Doctor warned him to go easy. Why would he go messing with drugs? He might be a bit... ...simple. but he's not stupid! You've never been tempted to have a go at the old magic talcum powder yourself? Women! Can't say two words to 'em. Oh well, at least that's done with. Let's get back and do some proper work. She said Billy Kemble didn't take drugs. And the post-mortem said he did. Oh dear, who shall I believe? Guv, we have got to... D'you hear that? That's the sound of this case being closed. The entire information and research database for this station consists of a list of pub opening hours... and a leaflet on cycling proficiency. What is a database? What I wouldn't give for a decent search engine now. Are you sure there's no other information on drugs? There was a bit in last year's chief constable's report about... pharmacies dishing out pills illegally. No, I mean... information on how the body reacts. The effects cocaine has on the metabolism, you know, How long it takes to... What? Cocaine is most likely to cause heart failure during the first hour after it's ingested. Twenty four times more likely, the last study I read. I'm clearly not as up to date as I'd like to think. Oh, I'm well ahead with my reading. I'll agree your man's coronary failure would have been a rapid reaction to the cocaine. Kemble suffered his heart attack... two hours after the fight with Collins. That's five hours after we first brought him in. So? So to cause the attack at that time, he must have taken the cocaine while he was still in his cell. Like hell. He was searched. All his possessions were confiscated. Billy Kemble did not have drugs in that cell. Well, if it was nothing to do with Albert Collins and he didn't have drugs in the cell, how did Billy Kemble die? There are enough unanswered questions for us to treat this as a potential homicide. Andrea Kemble was adamant her brother didn't touch the drugs. And you believe her? He could have had cocaine stashed up his arse, for all we know. This was not a murder, a daft druggie got overexcited. How could he overdose when all his possessions had been confiscated? I don't bloody know, he just did! The Super's gonna ask the same questions as me, you know. Somebody in this station knows what happened to Billy Kemble. You'd better do something about it. Right! Listen up, you lot. Now, we need to find the person who supplied Kemble with drugs. Go through the usual suspects, talk to your snouts, I want a major collar. So that if anyone questions how Bill Kemble died of an overdose, we can say "don't worry about that, we've found his supplier"! Come on, lads, let's make it a good day to bury bad news! Is that what we're saying then? That he overdosed? Don't concern yourselves with that. Just bring me your scalp. And that includes you! I'll start looking for a supplier. Once there's been a full investigation into Kemble's death. Is this what you do? Bust through stations, ripping them apart, destroying the camaraderie? There has to be a transparent investigation. If we can't police ourselves, how are the public supposed to trust us? The public don't give a damn what we do, as long as we get results. You're wrong. They'd piss their pants if they knew what we went through to get collars. So if you think I'm going to do my dirty washing in public- If the circumstances surrounding Kemble's death are not investigated... You'll what? That's me done here. Back to Hyde. I'll drive you. Tell me this. If everything is so wonderful in Hyde, why are you hanging around my department like the smell of last night's haddock? You could have gone back any time you fancied. The truth is... you like it here, you just can't bear to admit it. All right. You want a full investigation into Billy Kemble's death, fine. You take the damn case. Fill your boots, but I'm telling you this. You'll find nothing. That's tabasco! There's no discernible reaction. Who's there? Sam. Who's there? We need some response to these tests. What tests? I'm here. I can hear you. Sam has to help us. - Sam. - What?! Get me out of here! What did Chris give you, Annie? In the corridor. What? Nothing. Bar of chocolate. I bought him one the other day. You searched Kemble. You took his possessions off him, yeah? Are you formally questioning me? Why, do I need to? Could you have missed anything? What's all this for? What are you trying to prove? I'm just trying to find out the truth. Why is that so problematic? Do you know how many times I've defended you to people in this station? And now you take it on yourself to investigate us? Why are you doubting me? Do you think we're not bothered about what went on? Think you're the only one that cares? I'm asking for the facts. You know, somebody around here... knows more than they're letting on. Friendship and trust go both ways, Sam. At least, they're supposed to. "Get me out of here!" What happened to the cocaine wraps that were confiscated from Billy Kemble? Did you hear someone fart? Who was the last person to see him alive? There it is again. Egg sarnies. Now, I've asked you nicely. Go shove your head up your arse. How's this helping, sir? I will get to the truth, you know. With or without your help. For the tenth time, Phyllis, I need that charge sheet. Look, I have a station to keep running. I'll fetch it up when I can lay me hands on it. C'mon! It can't be that difficult to find! It must be in here somewhere. Oi, you've no need to go snooping. There. Was that so difficult? Apparently not, seeing as there's two of them, for the same night. It weren't even my ruddy shift. I had a kip, hour and a half. Two hours max. And while you were asleep, Billy Kemble died! I didn't know that were gonna happen. I moved him out of Collins's cell after that fight. Annie woke me when she found him. Look, if I could go back... I've never had a cell death! Alright, it's not exactly Raffles here, but we treat them fair. And then that bugger! You didn't mention sleeping in your statement. Like that's the first thing I'd put in. Asleep on the job, with a lad up choking on his chips. I mean, maybe if this station weren't run like Fred Karno's army, I wouldn't have had to cover. But no, it's always the women what cop the flak. Why did you have to rewrite the charge sheet? Look, no good'll come of this. Why rewrite it? To protect Annie. 12.10 am. You noted on the charge sheet... that Billy Kemble complained he was feeling ill. What was the matter with him? Please don't make me do this. Why didn't you call a doctor? I can't... Annie! I can't help you if you don't answer me. Stand up. - Why? - Stand up! You're upsetting my officers. There are questions I need them to answer. They're following a serious line of enquiry to find Billy Kemble's supplier. You're stopping them from carying out that work. Questions such as why do their statements and the charge sheet not tally. Why did they fail to notify us that Phyllis had fallen asleep on duty. Why did WPC Cartwright not call a doctor when Billy Kemble complained he was feeling ill. And why did DC Skelton here not mention in his statement that he'd been in to see Kemble fifty minutes before he was found dead. Useful things, charge sheets, if you bother to look at them. You're working too hard. You're seeing conspiracies that don't exist. Or... maybe just getting too close for comfort. I'm taking you off duty. Go home. Go back to Hyde, I don't care. But you don't come anywhere near my station. Now get out. Now! Drowing your sorrows so early in the day, mon brave? Don't worry, Nelson. I'll be out before the others descend. I don't want to cost you your trade. Hey, I set the rules here. You? Always welcome. - You're a good man. - I hope not. What am I doing, Nelson? Why am I still fighting? Oh boy. You got it bad today. Nobody else is bothered about the truth. Why should I be? You always got to follow the truth. Even if it brings the whole damn thing crashing down around you. That's how they want me to respond. Maybe the tests are working. Maybe I'm close to getting home. You lost me. Hunt says this investigation could demolish everything. That's what I have to do. Destroy his world... then I can get back to mine. I wasn't talking destruction. I was talking truth. What if they're the same thing? Leave us alone! Get off me, I'm a copper, not a villain! Are you gonna talk to me now? You half twisted my arm. Girl. The charge sheet says you visited Billy Kemble just after midnight. Now, that makes you the last person to see him alive. Guv'll have me guts for garters if I talk to you. I just want the truth about what happened. Don't have to talk to you. Fine. Let's talk about the weather. Or the football. Do you think Docherty's really gonna sell Denis Law? How've you been sleeping, by the way? Now that you've got a death on your conscience. - Stop it. - A man died. Yeah, and raking it up is not gonna bring him back. Raking what up, Chris? What happened? He was just trying to get a result, that's all. Please the guv. Ray said he'd thought of a way to get a name out of Kemble. Phyllis was asleep. Annie was getting a cuppa. That's why Ray wasn't down on the charge sheet. I went to fetch the wotchamacallit, which took me ten minutes, by which time, Annie was back and my name goes on the charge sheet. Hang on, what did you have to go and fetch? The tape recorder. It's what I do now, since you showed us. So there's a tape of what happened in that cell, and you haven't seen fit to mention that? Forgot it was running. I hid it. I needed more time to think. It weren't no one's fault, not really. We just wanted a result. Where's the tape? Annie's locker. You're not supposed to be here. Well, if you'd told me what happened, I wouldn't need to be, would I? But now I can find out for myself. Typical Chris. I told him to destroy it and instead, he trusts it to a plonk. Get out my way. Banned from the station. Breaking into lockers. Stealing possessions. How bad are you trying to look? Give it to me. I'll just hand it over to you, shall I? Because I've every confidence you'll do the right thing. Are you gonna give it to me or am I gonna have to take it? You really believe we're gonna have a punch-up over this tape? Interview with Billy Kemble commenced at 7.05 pm. Present are DS Ray Carling and DC Chris Skelton. You said I could have something to eat. When you tell us who gives you them drugs. It's not difficult, is it? I don't know a name. What you doing with that? I thought you liked it. I just sell it. Did you know that this stuff's supposed to make folks talk, Chris? Yeah, hang on, Ray, you can't be using that. I promised the guv a result. I'm not letting him down. - Give us a hand here. - Oh no, no. - I don't want it. - I'm not sure we should be... Don't you wanna be a good copper? - Yeah, but you can't- - So let's get him talking! We're running out of time. No, don't! Now let's see what you've got to say for yourself. Don't do that, please! Fifty minutes later, Billy Kemble was dead. Cocaine makes people talk, that's what I heard. Little bit like that don't kill someone. - He had a weak heart. - Well, I didn't know, did I? He's a drug dealer, I was doing what you asked. Getting a name. Just... went skew-whiff. He complained of feeling ill. Why didn't you call a doctor? DS Carling told me not to. He's my superior officer. I didn't feel abled to disobey. I only said give it twenty minutes. By which time he was dead. How am I supposed to know how drugs work? The call was my responsibility. I should have been there. - I got it wrong. - We all did. I was doing what you taught me. I was trying to get a result for you! That concludes my investigation. I don't know... who the biggest dickhead is round here. You for what happened, you for your holier-than-thou act, or me for having any of you on my team. You're a bloody disgrace. Go home and get some sleep. Ray Carling has to be charged. He caused a man's death! And he'll be haunted by it for the rest of his life. What, and that justifies Billy Kemble's corpse, does it? - The fact that Ray learned a lesson?! - That's not what I said! Ray Carling catches more villains than the rest of the department put together. I boot him out, dozens of villains in this city go uncollared. Why not go the whole hog and promote him! Because I'm to blame for this! I left a weak man in charge. You see, these lads, they think they're made in my image. But they've never learnt where draw the line and it scares the shit out of me. You did a good investigation. I'm glad I let you. What do you mean, "I'm glad I let you"? You set me up. Well, I'm hardly gonna investigate my own team. It would have been suicide for morale. You were the only one I could trust. Or the only one who was expendable. Well, isn't that how you've always fancied yourself? The moral compass in a dodgy department? I don't understand. You could have just buried the whole thing. We sort things out ourselves, around here. I've seen where "sorting things out for ourselves" leads. It leads to one in twenty British prisoners being innocent. Which means we got the right villain nineteen times. That"s... 95% success. Better than most rubber johnnies. I don't make the rules. I just live by 'em. So... What happens now? Power's in your hands. You've got the tape. You can still destroy us. If that's what you want. And the answer to the problem is... clearer than we might think. Responses to sensory tests vary from patient to patient. This could be a turning point. Sam? I can hear you! Help me! Tell me what to do! What do I do? Is it this? This tells us that the probable outcome is X, but only if Y is constant. What does that mean? Let's work it through from the start. What the hell does that mean? What does that mean? What? It's Annie. Thought you might fancy a walk. This tape could be my best chance of getting out of here. Sam, when is this gonna stop? We are people, we have lives, we're not some game created just for your benefit. You think you give that tape to the Super and we just melt away? I don't know. You said you were here for a reason. You're doing my head in, Annie. If I could go back in time and do things differently, I would. We all would. We have to live with what we did, we don't need you to punish us. You've got... my career... my life... in your hands. You want me to destroy this tape? For you? What have I ever asked in return? Or do I mean that little to you? Alpha One to 920. 920 to Alpha One. DCI Hunt requests that we get our arses into CID pronto. And he said if DI Tyler's with you, get him there and all. - What's going on? - How the hell should I know? Up. Detective Sergeant Ray Carling, you are hereby stripped of your rank and demoted to Detective Constable. From now on, your main responsibilities will be maintenance of CID stationary cupboard. You will account for every pen, pencil and paperclip in this office. C'mon, guv. You will only participate in other investigations at my discretion. Half your wages for the next twelve months, including any overtime, will be deducted by me and given directly to the Police Benevolent Fund. You are also barred from the Railway Arms until I decide otherwise. You so much as belch out of line, and I'll have your scrotum on a barbed-wire plate. You wanna say anything? Pardon? I let you down. I got it wrong. I'm sorry, guv. This has been shaming. We never talk of this again. It had to be public. It's over. It's not over. Yes, well, I understand your position, of course, but that will depend on the issues involved. I can't give you a straight answer now... I'll telephone you back. I don't much care for popular music. You'll like that even less. It demonstrates the manslaughter of a prisoner by one of your officers. William Kemble? And what do you expect me to do with this? Listen to it. Act upon it. My understanding is it's been dealt with internally. What, a demotion? On that tape... Anyone could have made that. No officer worth his salt would fall for such a simple hoax. That tape was the truth. What were you expecting, Tyler? The whole world to come crashing down? Me again. Sorry about that. He didn't do anything, did he? It's the way of the world. A world which creates coppers like Ray. Awash with institutionalised corruption. People like Rathbone need to be surgically removed from the force. We can't change this world, Sam. Only learn how to survive in it. I don't give up that easily. Good. I had to do it. So I do mean that little to you. You're the only one who understands. But you could have destroyed me. All of us. Why am I still here? Nothing I do makes any difference. Is that what you really think? Don't... abandon me, Annie. Please. How would I do that? We're stuck here together. Back to work then, is it? Do I have a choice? Park? Pictures? There's always a choice. Back to work then. Subtitles: Nathbot www.seriessub.com Spoilers after credits! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 