Jamestown: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jamestown 
 s3e7 - Episode #3.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jamestown (2017–…): Season 3, Episode 7 - Episode #3.7 - full transcript 
 Jocelyn's journey upriver tests friendships and throws lives into jeopardy. Maria and Temperance team up against Yeardley, while disaster looms for the Sharrows. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My dearest hope, Maria, is that these visions of yours might teach his better self to him again. There is a way to undo this man. My ancestors have returned. For your dreams will abuse you. My heart's true wish, sir, is to utterly unseat Yeardley. The blackamoors were stolen. No-one yet knows who in England commissioned the pirates to raid the vessel. Meredith, where did they go? Gloaming Creek. The men who carried you across the water are hiding in Virginia. Now is the time to pursue the business upriver. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (BIRDS CAWING) Jocelyn, here. We're here. Hold on. Fetch pots from the boat and water while I light a fire. (BREATHING HEAVILY) You poor soul... If you spend your time comforting her, she will die. I have to cut it out. If I try to pull it out, it'll snap. (BREATHES HEAVILY) (SCREAMS) (WAILS) (SOBS) (SCREAMS) (GRUNTS) (SOBS) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (PANTING) Well, this is a Pamunkey captain. Believes his bird's caught, means he cannot being torched by musket fire. We know Jack the Feather well enough. A daring fellow who has many times stolen tools and weapons from us. Chacrow, why was he dressed for war? We've had reports of unknown Indians about. Was he seeking to threaten them, or us? A Pamunkey woman has been killed by a raiding party. It is custom to steal a woman... ..but a death must be avenged. Nematanu wants the governor to join with him in attacking the villains. We're not here to fight petty battles between savages. We seek peace with all the tribes. If Pamunkey warriors have squabbles, they cannot expect the English to solve them. I will tell this to Nematanu. Chacrow, Jack is a fine fellow. Tell him to visit me in my farm. I have given you the true reason why Nematanu is about. Why do you trick me so you can question him? I gave you my sister. You do not need to doubt me. (BIRD CALL) Why did you not use it to free yourself? The governor would shrink before the sight of the King's own signet. Then they would know all there is to know and conceal the business upriver yet to be exposed. How would the capture of the mariners who brought the slaves here undo our governor? (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES) What benefits do you gain by remaining imprisoned here while the widow travels so far upriver? Why did she take my servant with her? And why does the blacksmith follow after them? If you are so intrigued, Governor, why do you not go after them? (RATS SQUEAKING) You might get to know these creatures, Master Factor. They'll soon know you well. The cage, Master Crabtree, will be placed upon your flesh... I know the business well enough, sir. A rat will bite, and scratch, and claw its way through anything to escape a fire. You and these vermin butchers might spend the night as companions first. Or you might prefer to tell us your true purpose here. Governor... Why not let me take a party upriver... The matter is in hand, Marshall. (RUSTLING) Oh, shit. Stay out of sight till we know who it is. (TWIG SNAPS) Pedro. Oh, Pedro! Come here. Why did you bring her upriver? Because YOU refused. Hey! Haven't we enough enemies without you two setting against each other? Now, sit down! Eat. (SIGHS) (BREATHES HEAVILY) (GASPS) Arrows came at us from the river bank. And I saw it was a white man. I got to the shore, chased him through the woods so that I might kill him. But he escaped. When I returned, Mistress Castell was gone. I searched for her. But... ..my head was dazed and I lost my senses. You came up the river because the widow came here, but you would not do it to help me find the men who brought me to Virginia a slave! We must return to Jamestown so that the widow might see the doctor. I want to go on! James, we have come all this way. I want my chance to seek out Tom. There is one boat. If you wish to remain, you can take your chances, but I'm taking her back. Are we close to where the men we pursue might be found? I wish to know. We will go back. James, I know that you will tell me the truth. Am I too feeble to go on? We must return so that you might have proper attention to your wound. I will be scarred and pained my whole life. This journey must not count for nothing. These mariners must be returned for interrogation to prove Yeardley's role in bringing slaves here. There is one boat. It is my boat. I will decide. I have tasted defiance. I know rebellion well enough. I am versed in rage and revenge. But now I am weak. So if you take me back, you will rob me the opportunity to see if I have courage. Please, James. There's a lead mine, one more day upriver. As we passed, we called at farms and settlements and enquired for knowledge of the mariners we're after. I heard that there were two men, miners now, working at Gloaming Creek. I will know these demons when I see them. I'll take first watch. No, I will. Oh, we will have them. (WATER POURING) (EXHALES) (SNIFFS, RETCHES) Pepper is hunting. Oh. Er... Then I shall wait for him. Hm. Winganuske, will you have a child? Er, another child? Er, I hope to give a boy... ..to Henry. Oh! Ain't it just the finest thing to have a babe? If a woman should. (SIGHS) (EXHALES) Will Pepper return soon? Er, he has gone to Ridgewater. Oh. I ain't so good at waiting today. Perhaps I shall go and seek him out. Winganuske, I shall be the shame of the whole town. (CHUCKLES) (NATIVE WAR-WHOOPING) (SCREAMS) (WHOOPING CONTINUES) (SCREAMS) (PANTING) No, no. No! (SCREAMS) Let her go! (SPEAKS ALGONQUIAN) (SCREAMS) (REPEATS INSTRUCTION) (SCREAMS) What have you done? What have you done, man? You'll bring us all to war. I warned him, but he would not stop. (SPEAKS ALGONQUIAN) Pedro, if we find these men, our purpose is to return them to Jamestown. Pedro! I know how you must feel about these villains, but I need to know if you will respect what is to be done and what is not to be done. Oh, but an Englishman will reckon well enough how well to behave when he meets the beast who ripped a man from his family, his home, never to return. These devils, when we find them, they will feel the touch of justice, James Read. You know that James saved your life for you? You wanna know what I saw in his eyes? You saw it too. If you'll speak warmly to him... No. I cannot let him hope. To hell with your fine standing. No, it's not that. I made clear to him I cannot give my heart. I did once... And it broke me. Never again. He promised not to love me. (SOFTLY) Hush, hush. Hush. Sleep. TEMPERANCE: Hush now. Hush, hush now. (YEARDLEY BREATHING HEAVILY) (WIND HOWLING) Who's there? Who's there? Governor... (GASPS) My ancestors called me from my sleep. If I be awake yet, they brought me here. What do they want? Oh, but the wind whispers it, sir. Do you hear it? When you fall... ..you will fall like Lucifer. Never to hope again. The dead will return to taint your every triumph. Does your ear catch it, sir? Listen. Listen... (DOOR SLAMS) (GASPS) He's here. Seek his face. What is it that you hear, sir? A far-off whisper. Only a creak of a voice. Seek him now. Seek him here. MAN: My eyes have lost their light, but my tongue will haunt your every night. Who is it come, sir? (GASPS) My dear, you made such haunting calls from your sleep. I tried to wake you. Your eyes were open, but your mind could not be reached. (DOOR OPENS) He sleeps under a deep draught. Did your own voice speak as the wind? Did it kiss his mind with its conspiracies? While he lay in woe, I planted into his sleeping ear such hellish sights that he might see in his dreams. Every night, we will serve to him the silver screech of breathed words into his slumbering soul, until he can bear it no more. (OWL SCREECHING) (PANTING) We'll make camp here. The widow's exhausted. (GRUNTS) (GROANS) Pedro and I will look at the mine. James Read has decided how best for us to progress. We must be sure to obey. Pedro... Won't you let me tell you how you might hold your temper when you meet these men? They could reveal where... No-one... No-one will know how I will be when I meet these serpents. Not even I do. You might ask me, all of you... ..but there is no answer to your questions. (DOOR OPENS) (MAN LAUGHING) What hellish tricks does he conduct from his slumber? 'Who is it come?' 'The dead will return to taint your every triumph. You will fall like Lucifer.' (VOICES ECHOING) ..like Lucifer... Trick you to walk into madness. Do you see the mariners amongst them? We are a long way from them. You would know them? I would know them. They are not here. Well... Why would Jack of the Feathers try to steal an English maid? Did he try to provoke a war? If Pamunkey wanted a battle, they would not send one man... ..alone. Silas, tell Chacrow what he told you. He pleaded with me that he must never be found with musket shot in him, since he told all these feathers would protect him from harm. He pleaded that his own people must never know how he died. Chacrow, what would you have us do? (OWL SCREECHING) Governor... listen... (TEMPERANCE WHISPERING) Is that the screech of the hoot owl... (WHISPERING CONTINUES) ..or the singing of the dead? What does it mean? You have blood in your eyes. (ECHOING) All of your conquests, glories, and spoils will be coiled into a haunting. Blood in your eyes will blind you to the dangers of overleaping ambition. Blood in your eyes will trick you to walk into madness. Madness. When you fall... ..never to return. ..you will fall like Lucifer. (ECHOES) Your mind will torment you with visions of your enemy's triumph. (LAUGHTER) (GASPS) My dear, drink some wine to soothe your soul. Are you awake yet, sir? Your own thoughts will be like a traitor's call, tempting you to where Atlas awaits you. (EXHALES) Am I awake, Temperance? Oh, but I fear these torments of the night will crack you. (OWL SCREECHING) Hush now. Hush. (WHIMPERS) Hush, hush. Hush. Seek peace. 'Madness awaits you.' Seek peace. Hush now, hush. Madness awaits you. Hush now. 'Look into...' (INDISTINCT WHISPERING) (DOOR OPENS) It is not enough we fright him. No. Maria, we will serve to him the sleeping belief that it is not he who corrupts the title, the position that poisons him. We might make him so dread and fear the torments of power that he detests his own authority. I pray that his wits were so shaken that he'll leave behind his standing as governor. (INDISTINCT CHANTING) Who will carry the villains back to Jamestown? Their story will be the downfall of Yeardley. His base ambitions will lie in ruin at his feet. And will you never love again? That man so cruelly took my purity, I fastened my fist around my heart. It's safe there. I know what beasts can do to women. But will you make a scarred scab of your own soul? Before you stands a man made of goodness and you will not see it. Will you forever starve yourself of feeling? You are a wretch against yourself. Tomorrow, I'll go to the mine and enquire about work. You will... You will ask after Tom, won't you? If the time is right, I will. And if the mariners aren't there, we'll push on to the settlement. How are you improving, Mistress Castell? I am grateful for your swift action. And your marvellous knowledge of healing. And your kindness in coming so far upriver. I did it as a service to Pedro. Pedro. I see. And to serve justice. Justice. I understand. You will need to be on your feet again soon. Help me up, and I will show you how I am mended. (GRUNTS) (GRUNTS) (BREATHING SHARPLY) You see? I'm not frail. Your efforts are appreciated, Master Read. But what saved me is my own obstinate will. Promise that you will not love me. (INDISTINCT VOICE WHISPERING) (GASPS) (INAUDIBLE) When will you listen to what these messages from the dark speak to you? I was a young man when I left home. (INHALES) How I envy those we destroy. A safer life than a tyrant's joy. (EXHALES) Too many torments keep me from my comfort at night. We might return to England, my love. Your work here is done. Sir, do not be intoxicated with fantastic notions. There are many forms of conjuring might kill a rat. They're meddling with your mind, sir. Hello. I've come from Jamestown. I'm looking for some work. Could you help me? Perhaps, you can. Why would you seek to come here? No-one wants to come to Gloaming Creek. You're searching for someone? You won't fool me. (SIGHS) I know who you're looking for, stranger. Something's wrong. Oh, no. It's Tom's hat. Tom worked at the mine for a time. Until he stole some food and was caught. Then he smashed a rock on the hand of the man who discovered him. How long ago was this? Ten days. Ten days? (SPEAKS ALGONQUIAN) (CROW CAWING) If Opechancanough discovers you buried a warrior killed by the English, it will bring suspicion upon you. Did you visit the Factor in his prison last night? And did you take such poison as might kill a rat, at Crabtree's request? What cause would I have to provide dangerous medicines for vermin, Governor? Your existence here, Dr Priestley, is prosperous enough and without jeopardies. How we take this gilded life for granted. (CHUCKLES) You have your eyes to see. You have your hands to pick herbs. Is this world not truly kind to us, Doctor? It is indeed, sir. And did my wife ask you for sleeping potions, hm? (SCOFFS) How far is it to this shack where these vermin live? I was told it was three hours walking. I will not be the one to falter. If these mariners have not worked at the mine for many months, how do we know they will be at the shack? We don't. Pedro, when we reach this place, perhaps I might advance first alone. Do you not trust me, James Read? Do you believe I will show the madness of a beast? James went alone to the mine, Pedro. He risked his own life for that. He means well. No, Pedro is right. (SIGHS) I do not trust that he can restrain his rage if he sees these fellows. We have come all this way to bring them back. And I'll not have him kill them before they can tell us what they know. Sir, sir, might you know owt of um... Mistress Rutter upriver? I heard tell that she'd gone way up to Gloaming Creek. Gloaming Creek? Get out of my way. What was it you wanted, Governor? Keep yourself low. Do not visit the tavern or talk to anyone here about us, lest they discover who you are. These papers will gain you and your comrade upriver a passage to England. She knows me as a mariner from the ship that brought her here. There's someone. I see nothing moving. We will go together. We will murder these men if we must. Ugh! (BOTH COUGH) (FLIES BUZZING) (SIGHS) (INDISTINCT CHANTING) (SCREAMS) Help! Help! (PANTING) (GUNSHOT) (SCREAMS) (PANTING) Do you know this man, Maria? They've been dead for weeks. Mariners. Mariners. Those men were on this ship. Who would kill them like this? Naturals might if they'd raped a woman. No. They were not killed for rape. It was the Governor who did this. They were murdered because they have information that might expose Yeardley for the wrongdoer that he is. Hell is empty after all. It's going to be a long way home. (SIGHS) Who is he? We were hoping that you'd tell us that, Governor. How would I know? He was pursuing Maria, intent on killing her. Why was he chasing you, Maria, hm? Hm? I do not know, sir. Put him in the ground. Meredith. Henry. My heart aches for my wife. What am I gonna do? Verity is the one who faces the danger upriver. Seeking to save her lost boy. But your concern is with your own heartache. Don't you ever be free of the burden of your own self, Meredith? James. Those bodies were not the mariners. The villains we seek attacked us on the river only days ago, so they are living still. What we found back there was trick- (GROANS) (GROANS) (GROANS) (GROANS) (GRUNTS) (SCREAMS) (DOOR OPENS) He's vanished as a vapour does. Marshal. Pepper. I forgot to tell you why I came looking for you. I'm only glad that you weren't hurt. I smelt the ribbon. Pepper, you are to be a Pa. And I'm to be a Ma. So we must marry. You lied to me. You promised me you would not love me. But I saw it in your eyes as you healed my wound. I saw a longing. (SIGHS) It's fools and dupes who love. Weaklings who trust. We have a long journey home. Time enough for you to convince yourself of that. (CHUCKLES) Opechancanough has changed his name. That could be a war name. If you believe him trampled underfoot, then your mind is diseased with arrogancy. (SPEAKING ALGONQUIAN) If I stay, I'll be your prisoner. Fortune favours us who last. We can have land and whatever life we choose to have. You are the most beautiful bride ever walked into that church. Am I truly? Why would the Pamunkey want war now, Henry? I hope they don't. But we will be ready. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 