Jamestown: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jamestown 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jamestown (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's a traitor amongst us. A Catholic spy. My husband has died. It seems as though my head has been cut off. I shall wear black. Christopher suggested that Samuel was killed. This is the trait of a spy. You gave tender comfort to Mr Sharrow. To give comfort to any woman might need it. Did we not search the faraway mountains together for your brother when he was lost? I would never act as informer. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You promised you would help us. I want to repay you, Chacrow, I promise. I heard you speaking with that natural. Tell me the truth. Alice! Your children will surely have been taken. That life is gone. This Virginia will be kind to us. I will be beside you. - You will see. - That Pedro taken a liking to you? Maria? Maria had children of her own. She was taken from them. Give the child back, Maria. Subtitles by explosiveskull Just leave us alone. How many ways have we helped you? I gave my trust and love to Silas. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Silas Sharrow has left me in shame. Tell me, how will I win the respect of my people back? Why do you ask me? If Silas will not give me what I ask in order to answer the efforts Opechancanough made on his behalf in the mountains, then he brings humiliation upon them. I must have my honour back. As you predicted, Governor, Dr Priestly did name a suspect he considers a Spanish spy, Secretary Farlow, a man so riddled with debts, he might be bought by the first bidder. You so vehemently wish it to be the Secretary, do you not? The same man has so hastily boarded a ship to Bermuda as if he's run away. I have good reason to want you to keep your attentions on the Doctor. Have you encouraged him to pursue you? I believe Christopher wants to marry me once sufficient time has elapsed. Let him enjoy your fullest attentions and affections so that no man exists in your eyes but he. The Sharrows have picked a hot day for hard work. They tan their hides with animal brains. It makes for exceptionally soft pelts. The Sharrows have never been shy of advancement, have they? They profit by their alliance with the naturals. It's a wonder that you let them, Governor, eh? Isn't it pleasing that the brothers trade well? Pleasing for their own pockets, yes. Then you must show Massinger that you are master by taking a share of the Sharrows' profits. If a licence were required for any Englishman to conduct trade with the natives, a warrant granted by our governor... At a fine cost. I thought you were friends with the Sharrows. I am, to Alice, but today I am a widow in need of position here in Jamestown, and your favour is the merit by which everything I require is gained. If our governor required his own counsel... You may be my counsellor, Widow Castell, and the world need never know it. A licence, why? So that they may rob us of our profits. You think my ambition so small, Henry? No. The trades of hides and furs is a worthwhile enterprise only while the natives occupy the land where beasts are caught. Are you saying it is our intention to sweep the Pamunkey from their territories? The ships keep coming, bringing many who seek to farm. We must expand. But we made a promise to the Pamunkey that we would honour the boundaries we agreed. We lie every day. That's what we do. When Englishmen first came here, they gorged themselves with no thought of tomorrow or next week or next year. They expected their needs to be provided, they wallowed in England's plenty. Military men had us battle the natives that we might subdue them, but when the food was gone and winter came and there was no shelters, it was farm labourers, cowhands, carpenters who begged the Pamunkey to feed us. They gave us corn, showed us how to make medicines. And yet who is our loyalty to... ...the heathens who sit on the land we need or Englishmen who come here to create a new world? I require every burgess present to make an oath that what is spoken here remains here. Silas Sharrow. Yesterday, you laughed once. Today, you laughed twice. In one year, you will love me. ♪ When the bees come to your house ♪ Let him have beer ♪ You may want to visit the bees' house some day... ♪ (BELL TOLLS) You have a skip back in your step, Mercy. That's because God did not make sorrow like a rock, he made it like rain... the sky goes black, it pours upon us, then it passes. James Read will likely be at church, giving thanks for his happiness. - Why is that? - He's to have a wife come here, ma'am. Corinna, that's her name. Is that so? ALL: ♪ ...or if I stray ♪ He doth convert ♪ And bring my mind in frame ♪ And all this not for my dessert ♪ But for his holy name... ♪ The blacksmith has his eyes fastened upon you like a moping dog. Take your peasant smell and your grisly stare away from me, sir. - I meant no offence, ma'am. - Save your crooked manners. I'd rather not suffer your sweat-stained breath. Is there anything more suffocatingly ugly than the envy of a lowly drudge? I ain't never seen Mistress Castell speak down to James Read like that. - Why's she taking against him? - I thought she like the blacksmith. She do seem to seek him out every day, she do seem disappointed when he ain't there. Might I hold the babe? Ssh, ssh, ssh! Aye, the babe died, one week old. The mother passed three days before. I knew it wouldn't survive. I've met discord plenty. That tiny child brought me to my knees. See, this world only pretends to be kind. That's the trick it plays upon us... ...if we let it. Gout. Hippocrates called it the unwalkable disease. I can't so much as rest my food on the ground, sir! I've never known a woman to have it, only men, usually drinking men. You're mistaken there, sir, for I find, should I drink great amounts, the suffering goes. So the ale and the mead, Doctor, are the cure, not the cause. I see the sorrow in your face, sir, yeah. You must miss your dear companion, Recorder Castell. A sorry loss. A sorry loss indeed. It's a mystery as to why he was on that river at such an hour. Mysteries are only mysteries to them that are ignorant. Am I to take it that you are not blind in this matter? I can say nothing. The inflammation will grow worse. It will turn raw so that you cannot leave your bed. If you promise not to utter nor mutter a word, I might confide in what I witnessed. Make a tea of cherry leaves... ...and add this. - Tea, sir? - Tell me what you know... Meredith. (CALLS OUT) No! 'And all the days of Methuselah were 960 and 9 years, and he died. And Lamech lived an 180 and 2 years and begat a son, and he called his name Noah, saying, "This Noah shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands because of the ground which the Lord hath cursed."' Noah was a true hero of the Bible. His faith in God let him... Pedro was a hero. Tell the Mistress the tales you told to me, Pedro. Yes. Tell us, Pedro. We Kongos had civil wars many times, from when I was a boy. Such battles. Ndongos fired poisoned arrows at us. They carried such axes! We used swords and shields. (LAUGHS) I was proud to fight... ...until the day my father's head was cut off. But I fought on. I was called Pedro Vemba then. I showed the world my bravery. I notice that, when Maria speaks, she continues to work. When you speak, Pedro, you forego your labours. But you were baptised, Pedro. Oh, yes, he burned all of his idols, didn't you, noble Pedro? When my ancestors became Christians, they did not have to throw out their idols. A man must love his ancestors, even when he is a Christian. Silas! Silas, Silas! - Silas! - Alice! I fell asleep on the ground in the field. So I... - Where's the baby? - He's gone! Chacrow was here, in the woods. He threatened me. I didn't realise that's what he was doing at the time. He warned me, and I fell asleep, and I'm sorry I fell asleep! - Chacrow took the baby? - Yeah! (SCREAMS) If he took the babe to adopt him, then we must bargain with him. If it was done as an insult, to provoke us, then we must fight. Chacrow helped me search for you. Opechancanough believes that I owe the Pamunkey a debt. They want me to serve as a spy in Jamestown, but I refused. I'm coming with you, Silas. I ain't going to let you leave me behind. I ain't a boy no more! I'm a Sharrow. I want to play my part and fight. I ain't letting you tell me no. You ain't ready, boy! We need you to look after Alice, Pepper. I am ready! I ain't a boy! Have you a remedy for waking? Can't sleep. My eyes close but they might just as well be open. Camomile and lavender. Do you believe, sir, that the Spanish might seek to invade us? Our great mistake, Doctor, is that we wait for them to come at us. I've written to the Company nine times asking them to implore the King that we use Jamestown as a naval base where we send a fleet to conquer the Spanish in Havana. Does the Governor share your design? Find me an Englishman in authority whose courage is not made of taffeta. But the day will come, the day will surely come. Well, I wish you fathoms of sleep, Marshal. Maria, I followed you last night, but I lost sight of you. Where did you go? The Governor, he actually told you to watch me? What is in the woods, Maria? Or was it Lady Temperance? She instructs you well. I hope you do not put yourself in danger, Maria. Silas! Slow down, you'll spend yourself. (PANTS) It's the man who arrives who matters. Rage ain't what we need on our side today, a true mind will serve us better. I just don't understand. I don't understand why they would take your baby, Alice. They want peace. The Sharrows are the best of allies to the Pamunkey. I can't tell you. Why not, Alice? I can see it in your face, there is a reason. We've done nothing wrong, I promise you. When the Governor learns of this, there'll be war. No, the Governor cannot be told of this, you must promise me. Silas will find him, bring him back. Something is wrong, Alice. Something is terribly wrong if you want to keep hidden that your child has been stolen. If he ain't found soon, the babe will starve. Mercy! Don't say such things. I've never been so angry at God. Ain't Alice Sharrow been a good, churchgoing, God-loving blessing to every soul that lives here? I ain't never been so boiling! Mercy! What you doing? She's throwing stones at God. You... You believe that he's your child, don't you, Henry? Do you believe it, Silas? This will always be between us. We're here to bring Alice's boy back to her. Let that be our only business here today. Won't you eat just a little, Alice? Alice, quickly! Quickly! Would you do this to a mother? What kind of monster are you? I want to speak with Silas. Tell me where my baby is! You will be killed for this. You believe I took the child? Tell us! Tell us where he is or I will blow your legs off you. I did not take your baby. Mercy, it's true. I believe him, he didn't take him. (CRIES) Oh, Lordy. Maria. Maria! Maria, have mercy! Maria? Please. I'm here to beg you. - Give me back my baby. - We know how you have suffered, Maria. - What is this business? - Alice's baby has been stolen. They believe Servant Maria has taken the child. I am a mother who lost her children. I would not cut the heart of any woman the way my heart has been cut. I will swear on your Bible. If I lie to you, may every spirit I worship curse me, let my own children never know peace. I'll wager this is Pamunkey doing. If Opechancanough seeks to provoke me, he will taste vengeance. I will assemble a militia. Sir! I am a warrior. You want to serve as a militiaman, Pedro? You will be proud of me. I want to serve our governor. (BABY CRIES) We wait till it's dark, then we go in there and we take the boy back. Are we all true patriots here? (CROWD CHEERS) If the naturals have taken that child to discourage us, then they will learn that when God puts a musket into the hands of a man of Albion, he makes a mighty foe! (CROWD CHEERS) I would march with them but my foot's got a fire in it like the devil's own teeth. I have dreamed of a day such as this. The Pamunkey have given us a perfect reason to bring a war down upon them. Governor, are we to take the negro with us? Pedro is a warrior, let him play his part. - Where is Alice? - She's inside, resting on my bed. I witnessed her. She wandered away and left her baby outside at the tavern. James Read had to pick it up and wake Alice from what looked like a walking dream. She may have done the same thing in the woods with no-one to see her. Will you speak with her? Will you ask her? I will ask her. If it were dirt or infection was the cause, it would likely affect one eye only. Lie back, if you would, sir. I've heard tell of men, Master Massinger, made blind with rage. My collar, Doctor, will see all the men eyeless before it sees me. I take it you mean the Governor. A man ruled by avarice. He is a most devoted servant of the colony. Strip away that man's buff coat and his shirt and his skin will not reveal any loyalty to God or to King James or to England, just an allegiance to himself. If the politicians have no patriotism... Then why might any man? (CRYING BABY) Is there a reason, James Read, that you did not march with the men tonight to win back a stolen child? When a man sets off with a musket in his hand, he don't prefer to come home unless he's used it. If the natives took the babe, then the Sharrows are the best chosen to reclaim it. Perhaps you do not believe that the Pamunkey have the infant. You witnessed Alice Sharrow leave her babe outside the tavern, oblivious. Now that child has vanished. You think she lost it? I'm asking you to confirm what you saw. I know this... if Alice made such a terrible mistake, she'd admit it. She might, if her mind were her own. No. The babe was taken. She's perfect to you in every regard, isn't she? It must torment you that you cannot have her. When a human soul is diseased, it sees the whole world in the same darkness. You do not know my heart, James Read. I will not be condemned by any man, not for one more day of my life, do you understand? I want the child to be found. That is what matters. You will tell me that you appreciate that. I appreciate that, ma'am. I cannot tell you how much it pains me to ask you this, Alice, but I must. I ain't never loved a living soul the way I love you, not my ma, not my sisters... (SNIFFS) ...not my husband. Alice... ...is it... Is it possible that you left your babe somewhere, that you just forgot about him? I've tormented myself with that same question a thousand times. Verity, I promise you, little Silas was taken. (SOBS) And I thought the greatest pain a woman might know was to never bear a child of her own. I was wrong. We thank you gentlemen for coming all this way, but this is Sharrow business. Relations with the heathens, Henry, are Jamestown business. I will not let you use my child as a reason to go to war with the Pamunkey. I make no secret of my belief that we'll never enjoy supremacy here till the savages know they're conquered, but I will give my life today to preserve the breath of a babe. We've been watching the village. We don't know if the child is in there. MAN: Hup, hup! It seems they are well enough aware that we have arrived. We hope you can assist us, Opechancanough, - to find the child that was taken. - (TRANSLATES) (SPEAKS LOCAL LANGUAGE) I cannot control every man from every village. I am only a king. If I can discover news for you of where the child might be, what will you give to us? We know the King loves English goods. We wish for knowledge of the English. How many more will come? I promise you, we do not know this. We know many English promises... ...but they vanish like smoke. We are here to reclaim a child, and this is how you treat us? Our people go among the English never to return. You stole Pocahontas from us and her child remains beyond the sea. This is not peace, this is not kindness. Do you see my face, Opechancanough? I will take counsel. I will speak with the Sharrows, and if that child is not returned, then we will be back, ready to fight. (DOG BARKS) (KNOCKING AT DOOR, LATCH IS LIFTED) Christopher. Jocelyn. I promised I would seek the truth about Samuel's death. It seems the reason Samuel was on the river at dawn... He was on the Governor's business. The taverner told you. - I might have known you'd be ahead of me. - What was the Governor up to? There's more. Master Massinger is so bitterly wounded that he believes no man has fealty to country, king or people. It is obvious that Massinger would betray his own scurvied sack. But would he be so disaffected that he would betray the colony? You do seem to be exercised for the need of justice. Marshal Redwick has such a frantic hatred of the Spanish, he would do anything to inflame the idea that we are beset with papist enemies here amongst us. Did he place the totems to implicate you? You've provided me with a host of suspects. Everything I do is insanely inspired by how I feel for you. How valiant. (CRIES) No! I will search. I will never stop looking. I will find him. No, no! (CRYING BABY) The baby! (CRYING) (ALICE CRIES) The baby! The baby! Mistress Alice! Mistress Alice, I see the baby! The baby, I see him! Come quickly, Mistress Alice! The baby! There! (BABY CRIES) Mistress Alice, I see him, I see him! There he is! - Come quickly! - I see him! (BABY CRIES) (LATCH LIFTS, DOOR OPENS) Show me. Show me what is in the woods. Urgh! Drink your tea. The problem with tea is, it tastes like tea. (BURPS) (QUIETLY) Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. - Thy kingdom come... - What are you doing? I'm saying sorry to God. He delivered that babe in a canoe. It was a miracle, Pepper. There ain't no other way to explain it. We believe Chacrow will be open to enticement. Fine wedding gift to offer my wife... to betray her brother. Sharrow is well placed now to serve our needs. There is a trap in this, I know it. I must gain the Governor's favour. Tonight sweet whispers will winkle out the truth. The Governor, he treats me kindly. I'm glad you appreciate your good fortune. But he has not named the time I will be free. I have traitors all around me, Jocelyn. Are you my confederate or are you not? Subtitles by explosiveskull 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 