Little Big Awesome: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Little Big Awesome 
 s1e1 - City Day/Let's Get to That Thing! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Little Big Awesome (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - City Day/Let's Get to That Thing! - full transcript 
 City Day: Gluko and Lennon love Townopolis so much they make a commercial about it. The ad attracts huge crowds that clog the town, forcing them to make more ads to try to deter the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - You're so awesome. - You're so awesome. - Ha ha! Both. - Never leave me. Good morning, little Rays. Hi, Rays. Want some oatmeal? We've each had two bowls already. Wow, that's a lot of oatmeal. - Big plans today? - The biggest. We're not just doing one cool thing or two cool things. We're going to do every totally awesome thing in this town, because today we're having a... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Townopolis City Day! We're flying! Meh. Sounds okay. "Okay"? Townopolis is the best place in the whole universe. Definitely top eight, at least. Look, man, we've shined down on lots of towns. If yours is so great, why aren't there more people here? Rays, you are not wrong. We need to spread the word. Everyone should see how great it is for themselves. What if we made a video telling people they could come see the real thing? A commercial? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 People do always want to see more of those. How would we make it? Easy. But what kind of commercial should we make, Gluko? I know what commercials I always like. Townopolis is part of this complete breakfast. Mmmmmm. Yeah, I'm not sure that would work. Also, you might just be hungry again. I think what we really need is an ad that tells people about all the great things to do here in town. Too bad we already sang that city song. It'd make a great commercial. That's it, Gluko. Our song would be perfect for this. Let's just sing it, but film it this time. We got it. - Now we just need to grow it. - All right. And now to spread the word. Engage launch protocol. What was that? Some kind of a Townopolis ad? Hey, this is pretty catchy. Well, that went perfectly. And now back to our City Day. Hi, Mayor. Hi, boys. Beautiful day, isn't it? It is, isn't it? Is it?! Yes, it is. Sheesh. Well, we're just having our City Day. A City Day is a great idea. But if it's such a great idea, why didn't I think of it? Am I a bad mayor? I'm freaking out now! He's headed for the Freakout Fort. He's a good mayor. Yeah, good mayor. Great guy. But you know, I mean, in the sense he does not handle stress well. Mr. Mayor! Do you need a hug? Another marvelous idea. Ha ha ha. I should have thought of it. Hug Shack, here I come. Hug option one. Hug option two. Hug option three. Those hugs do look extra super cozy. - Maybe we should-- - No, no, no, no. Hugs aren't till later. And making that video put us behind schedule. We need to pick up the pace if we're gonna do everything on City Day. First up, Hot Chocolate Jo's. I can't wait to slurp down some hot choc-- Excuse us. We're trying to get a steaming mug of our favorite drink. Hot chocolate. A line? Aw, man. But I want to get chocolafied, like, now. My gosh, you're Gluko and Lennon. Can I get a photo? Whoa, look. It's us. Whoa, look. It's us. Hello. New person. How do you know us? Your commercial video. I came as soon as I saw it. You saw our video? It worked? Of course. Townopolis sounds great. Also, no cuts, and the back of the line is over there. Aw, man. Mr. Mayor, Mr. Mayor. Is everything okay? It most definitely is not. I don't where all these people came from. And I can't even freak out about it properly, because the Freakout Fort is full. This is a disaster. What should we do, Lennon? I'm thinking, maybe... naps? Come on. We gotta solve this. If our video was so powerful, the best way to fight it is with another video. And cut. Okay. This one should take care of everything. But there aren't really giant monsters taking over the town, right? Just asking for a friend of a friend, - me. - No, no. But when people see our video saying there are monsters here, it's gonna scare 'em off for sure. Wha? What's this? Another video? I just don't understand kids today. They don't seem terrified. This town is just as lovely as in the commercial. Time for another video. Rummage, rummage, rummage, rummage! No! I'm out of cameras. We spoiled our perfect town. Our City Day is ruined. I feel like I want to freak out, but we can't even get into the Freakout Fort anymore. I've got some good news for you to have. Yeah, Grandma got tired of me bouncing around at home, so I got the lifetime membership, including the secret back entrance. Hi, everyone. What's up? We're hiding in here, because our town is overrun. It's madness. Yeah. All those people came because of those videos we made. Are they angry at us? Um, yeah, I think so. We gotta apologize for what we did to the town. You sure do. And now you've made it more crowded in here. There were already 98 people. And with us two, that's... And you made it worse. All right, look, everyone. We are really sorry for how this worked out. Lennon's right. We'll do whatever it takes to make things betterful. And if everybody thinks it's too crowded in the Freakout Fort and in the town, the first thing we can do is leave. - Do the right thing. - That's a great idea. Well, since we're all squeezed in, town selfie. It is crowded in here. I'm almost finished with our new town hall. And I just finished our own private Hot Chocolate Jo's. Check it out. Nice! And no lines. We can have our City Day here. In our new city of Twigopolis. Cheers. - Is this-- - Yeah, dirt. Lennon, you'll always be my best friend, but Twigopolis is-- I don't know-- kind of lonely. Maybe we could make one more ad and try to attract some people here? I could probably build a dirt camera. It's okay. I got this. Hey, old satellite! Down here! Can you tell the people about our new town? Tell them what? You don't got a whole lot going on down there. Sure, we do. We have this-- We got this adorable flower. Yeah, it may be time to cool it with the videos, kids, and think about why you love your town in the first place. Anywho, I gotta orbit. See you on the flip side! Man, look how much fun everyone is having. Those movie monsters are having a blast on the pudding slide. And look at all the folks hottening up with chocolateness. And everybody waiting for the Hug Shack has just started hugging each other. Freelance hugging. We never would have thought up freelance hugging by ourselves. Sigh. Townopolis looks better than ever. Yeah, it does. We got so blinded by the fact that there were new people in town that we forgot to look around to see all the coolness they brought with them. Gotta tell our friends. Hey, everyone, in case you've forgotten, we are Gluko and Lennon. And we realized something. We can't complain about our town being crowded. People came, because what we have here is so awesome. And having them here made it different, but even more awesome. So let's get out there and awesomitize this town together. Hey, um, where's everyone going? There is a hot new town made entirely of twigs and dirt. Townopolis is old news. Sounds awesome. Let's go. No, wait. Boys, you're right. It go so busy here that we all forgot how great Townopolis is. Thank you for reminding us to share it. As your Mayor, I'm declaring tomorrow an official City Day for all residents. If that's okay with everyone. Um, this hug is really nice and all, but wouldn't it be better with hot chocolate? Good point. Hug run. Yummyful! What you doing? Just trying to cook you. Sorry. It's not gonna work just to stare at me. Plus it's kind of creeping me out. I know it's my job to smash my face against stuff, but, that wood's not sanded. Sorry, Hammer. You're such a great sport. Gluko, you can't just will the egg to cook with your eyeballs. You've got to apply heat. Okay. I think the mayor's still got my blowing dryer. - Want me to cook it? - No. You're already doing, like, 4,000 things. I'm impressed, but-- It's cool. I've got this. This new book I'm reading is a real game-changer, Gluko. It's called "How to Get 4,000 Things Done in One Day." Lennon, this egg is practically getting photosynthesized. It's going to have the taste of amazingness. We might just break the egg taste barrier with this one. Sweet. I wonder if I could find a TV show that's exactly 11 minutes long. Come on down to the Townopolis Touchy Feely Hootenanny. It's the very last day to pet the Fluffy Smoosh, the softest animal in all of existence! Last day for epic cuddles. Smoosh like you've never smooshed. Burrow your forehead inches into the smooshiest fluff you've ever fleefed. Have you ever kissed a chinchilla? Ever stuck your hand in rising bread dough? You'll be cleaning the fluff out of our pipes for months. That's how fluffy that Fluffy Smoosh is. Get your smoosh on. Closing in 10 minutes and 17 seconds. - Also, we have this goat. - Baa. He's okay, we guess. Jaundiced Jehosaphat, Gluko! We have to pet the Fluffy Smoosh! Um... Are you serious? That creature is calling to us. I can't just let the perfect egg dream go just 'cause your book said to do everything in one day. For now, let's just try doing one thing. I'm not really following what you're saying. What if we bite off more than we can chew, but what we're biting and chewing is not the perfect egg? Gluko, I promise I'll get us back in time. The egg will be perfect, and we will have hugged the Fluffy Smoosh. You are so great at hugs, okay? You were born to do this. Okay. I do want to hug that Smoosh. Let's just keep our eyes on the timer. Egg, um, hold down the fort. We'll be right back. We'll have fun soon. Hey, man. Hey, cuz. What do you know about this Fluffy Smoosh? I know I'm gonna pet it so hard. I mean, soft. I am so relieved to see you two. Hi, Puddin' Peggy. Is everything totally amazing right now? I wish. There's a scared kid who's halfway down the pudding tube, but he won't slide the rest of the way down. My nerves are all jagged. Well, maybe you just need to calm him down with some smoothed jazzification. The jazz don't work. And I'm worried for this kid. You guys are 1,000% the only ones who can help. You understand kids. But, Peggy, You understand kids, too. Turns out, I don't. I only just found out that they're not really short adults. - You see-- - Okay, okay, Peggy. We'll help, but it's gotta be fast. Hi, scared kid. Who are you?! No need to be scared, scared kid. You just pretend you're a rocket ship sliding through space, then wriggle your arms like you're electricity shooting through a wire, and then meditate and then do this yoga pose. That's too many things to do. It's not possible for there to be too many things to do. Lennon, we're gonna mess up our egg and miss our chance to pet the Fluffy Smoosh. What? I can pet the Fluffy Smoosh? Out of my way! Smoosh that Smoosh! Smoosh that Smoosh! You guys. You really preserved my pudding. Thanks. Plus, now I have time to smoosh the Smoosh. No problem. Now, gotta run. Fluffiness awaits. Yeah. And so does my egg. Thank the Lords of Nap you're here, guys. Hey, Cricket. Love to talk, but we have things-- I need your help! You don't say? I do say. I say I can't sleep. If I don't catch some winks, I'll be useless at work tonight. Can you count sheep? Count sheep? Sheep are so interesting. We just end up talking all day. Please, I need your help to figure out another way to sleep. Lennon, I don't think we have time to help Cricket. What? Sure we can. We've got all these instruments at our disposal. Time for the world's fastest lullaby. Instruments? Fold corner to corner. Fold and done! Lennon, we've got to book it, or we'll miss the Fluffy Smoosh. Fluffy Smoosh. - We gotta do this. - I want to go. What am I doing sleeping when I could be getting my smoosh on? Thank goodness. Just the duo I was about to call. Sorry, Mayor. I've got this egg. We're headed to the Smoosh. We've always got time for you, Mayor. Plus look. There's still time on the timer. I need your advice. It's urgent. Is the town in danger? No, much worse. I need suggestions on how to decorate my room. Go with the cerulean blue and the marigold. Get a bunk bed-- they are fun for sleepovers-- and that penguin wallpaper. We're not making good time, Lennon. The egg's almost done. I'm worried! If you're short on time, there's a simple shortcut over here. I don't know, Lennon. That doesn't look so simple to me. The Mayor says it's simple. Come on! Wait. Are we running down the same alley? I don't know, but we're running out of time, Lennon. Let's speed up. We've got to get the Smoosh before the hootenanny closes. Don't forget my egg! Sorry, smooshers. We're closed. 4,000 things, but not the one thing we wanted to do. We missed out on the Fluffy Smoosh by eight lousy seconds? My egg! Hey, comrade. But you didn't even cook properly. This is terrible. I mean, imagine how perfect you would have been if only Lennon hadn't read that book about 4,000 things. I'm sorry, man. I didn't even know how to cook perfectly on my own, so I just made a beeline for the Fluffy Smoosh experience. But now I feel bummed. I feel really bad about everything, too. Gluko and I didn't get to pet the Fluffy Smoosh or get a perfectly cooked egg. I shouldn't have taken that book's advice. Sorry. It's okay, Lennon. I'm bummed, but not that bummed. Sure, if you hadn't reached past your grasp, we might be eating an egg right now, but we wouldn't have helped everyone. So you're really not furious? Really. You dream, and keep dreaming. Turns out there was a Fluffy Smoosh in my own backyard all along. Yeah. It's you, Lennon. I do wish you were more furry, though. Hey, Mayor. What are you doing here? I just had to come pet the Smoosh again. Did you guys miss it? They sure did, Mayor. They're the only ones not covered in Smoosh fur. This is all our fault, guys. Gluko and Lennon put us before the Smoosh, and they--they never got their smoosh on. Well, I wish there was some way we could pay back your kindness. - Wanna pet this goat? - Maahh. - We're good. - Yeah, I get it. Fluffy Smoosh! Dear ones. We are honored, your Smooshness. To what do we owe this floof? The Smoosh is touched by the way you helped your townspeople. For you see, I am always the one who helps with my cuddies and smooshings. But now I believe it is time for me to receive help. Might you come on a touchy feely hootenanny with me? I could really use help with the 4,000 things I have to do every day. O, Great Fluffy One, that sounds awesome, but we can't join you. You see, if I focus on your 4,000 things, I won't be able to concentrate on my number one most important thing, being Gluko's friend. You are a wise and generous soul, Lennon. If you ever need a smoosh, give me a ring. Whisper, whisper, whisper, whisper, whisper, whisper, whisper, whisper. Ooh. Don't know what that is-- Go for Smoosh. Could we have some smooshes right now? But of course. Hey, everybody, group smoosh. Let me in on that. Wow. So this is the show? - Yeah. - It's great. We're in it. They're watching it. Hi. We're not breaking the fourth wall. - Are we not? - I don't know. What is the fourth wall? What is it? Run into it as fast as you can, Gluko. Okay. Man. Okay. And we learned a lot from that. Yeah. It's okay. Hi. Sorry, wall. Sorry, wall. We'll never break you again. - Maybe. - Wink. Chirp. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 