The Cry: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Cry 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Cry (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 The search for baby Noah leads to an arrest, but it soon becomes clear that not everything is as it seems. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 BABY BREATHING Are you gonna behave for me on this flight? Yes, you are. You, you little man. You are a... cheeky little monkey. DISTANT SIRENS PETER: Hey there. Jo, This is Peter. We went to school together; He's a detective. I'm so sorry. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Have you spoken with the officers? Yeah. Dad! Chloe. THEME MUSIC BREAST PUMP SQUELCHES What will they ask us? Details about what we've done since we got off the plane. ALISTAIR: I'll ask them to put this in the fridge. We can take it to Mum's. JOANNA: We were going to Elizabeth's house for... for dinner. You left the cottage around eight thirty? Um, I think it was around then. And you said you parked the car outside the convenience store? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We just parked outside and then Alistair went into the shop. Why did you get out of the car? I forgot, I needed some tampons. Are you breastfeeding Noah? Yeah. Yeah. How long were you in the shop for? Two minutes? He was just sleeping, I... um... I didn't want to wake him up. I want you to think very carefully about what you saw when you came out of the shop. Was there anything unusual at all? PETER: Any doors open? No. No, nothing at all. Did you see anybody on the street, any cars? No, I... Uh, I don't really remember until the um... until the boy in the shop came out. Why did he come out? ALISTAIR: Hey, call the police. Call the police, our baby's gone. Call the police.' Because Alistair was screaming. ALISTAIR: Jo, come on! ALISTAIR: Have you seen a baby? ALISTAIR: Have you seen anyone holding a baby? ALISTAIR: Call the police! ALISTAIR SHOUTS: Help, our baby's gone! TEA CUPS CLINKING ELIZABETH: Hello, Jo. I don't have a hairbrush. I'll get you one. FOOTSTEPS These flowers have arrived from friends and neighbours. Alistair went to the cottage. He didn't want to wake you. Would you like some toast, muesli...? Where's Alistair? Have they found anything? Alistair went to the cottage. He didn't want to disturb you. No, they haven't found him yet. Alistair gave me some sleeping pills last night. I don't think I've slept like that since before... PANICKED GASPS SOBS He's not here. ELIZABETH SOBS - OK. - JOANNA GASPS What do I do? What do I do? WHISPERS: OK. OK? Just one step at a time, hmm? LORNA: Joanna. Hi. We're here to support you in any way we can. You can join Alistair at the cottage when you're ready. Have you... Have you found anything? We'll keep you informed of any developments. LORNA: Jo. I wanted to ask you how well do you know Alexandra? What... What? Alistair's ex-wife, Alexandra. How well do you know her? Sorry. No, I don't, not much. I don't really know her very much. When was the last time you spoke to her? A couple of weeks ago. What did you discuss? Um... The custody case. I'm really sorry, what has Alexandra got to do with Noah? CAR DOOR SLAMS FOOTSTEPS ON GRAVEL ALEXANDRA: Peter. Alex. This is Detective Lorna Jones. She's joining me for the investigation. We're gonna have to ask you some questions, you understand? OK. LORNA: How long have you lived here? All my life. Peter and I went to school together and Alistair, of course. Where are you from? Adelaide originally, based in Melbourne now. So you don't know small towns? Can we go inside? Sure. Is this happening? Yeah. I just need to know your movements from about three o'clock yesterday onwards. Sorry... why? We're just establishing a timeline, OK? For everyone that's connected to Noah. Oh, OK. Alright. I did some shopping... at the supermarket. A little shop bought some flowers, those flowers. Just the local shops, or...? - Yeah. - Uh-huh. Tea? Oh, sit down, I'll make you a cup. I came home, I did some gardening. I went for a run before dinner. Who did you run with? Who'd you go running with? I run alone. Alright then. I'll need you to come to the station today for a full statement. Have you found something, Peter? Thanks, Alex. Having seduced Alistair and conducted an affair with him whilst he was married to someone else would you say Joanna Lyndsay found lying... second nature? No, I wouldn't. Isn't it true that the couple's then ten year old daughter found Joanna having sex with Alistair in her parent's bed? Yes, but Joanna didn't know then that Alistair was married. MORVEN DATIS: But she did continue the affair after she "discovered" he was married? KIRSTY: Yes, but Alexandra left almost immediately. INDISTINCT CHATTER CAMERAS CLICK CAR ENGINE STARTS FEMALE REPORTER: Joanna, can I talk to you... POLICE: Stand back for me, please. JULIE: Sweetheart, I know he'll be found. I just know it. I forgot my sunglasses. Ah, take mine. Oh Julie, it's alright, hers are in here. I don't mind, I've got lots of them. Can you tell the Court what Joanna said about the phone call she received from Alexandra Grenville? She said Alexandra was really angry over the custody case of her daughter, Chloe. Go on. Alexandra asked her if... now that Joanna was a mother how she would feel if someone took her child away. Did Joanna see this as a threat? CAMERA SNAPS ALISTAIR: Can we use the bags? We've finished up with this room so you can take all of this now. When I left, I left some things in here. Yeah, it's all here. The... sorry, there's some washing in the dryer. Yeah, Noah's clothes, We have those. Can I get them back? PETER: I'll do my best but this is all totally standard procedure, OK? I know it's rough. I'll let you pack. ALISTAIR: They're just doing their job. Come on, let's pack this and get going. DEEP BREATHS I've got your phones back. Now, we're going to be monitoring all calls and social media accounts from here on. You never know who might try and contact you. We'll be listening at all times. I would advise against posting anything on social media or even looking at it. They're public forums they're worse than tabloids. They can really screw you up. Alright, now we've got a car here to take you home. You've got my number if you need anything, just call me. There must be something I can do. I can't... I can't sit around here waiting, please. I know it's hard, but we're an experienced team. You've just got to let us do our job. PETER: OK? Thanks. All these missed calls. Take your time. No one will be upset if you don't get back straight away. FEMALE REPORTER: Alex, how are you feeling? How do you know my name? Have you heard anything from the police today? No, have you? You and Alistair were childhood sweethearts, weren't you? This is your daughter, Chloe, isn't it? MEDIA CROWD CHATTER CLATTERING CHLOE: Where's dad? - Oh, he's working. Just pop them in here. Only the things that you love. Quick sticks. SHE CLAPS HER HANDS. CHLOE: Hey. - Hey. - Hi. Wow, they are ferocious out there. Have you seen how many shares there have been? How long will they be out there? Till we find him, I suppose. TAP RUNS How's Joanna? Anyone who's had a child taken away from them is in a very particular kind of hell. Well, having all those people out there is terrible. You're like prisoners. ALISTAIR: The press is one of our best assets right now. I consider them allies. Are you sure it's alright if Chloe stays for a while? Of course. Well, call me if you hear anything. Sure. ELIZABETH: Alex, do you mind putting those in the freezer for me? Thank you. OK, I'll go. I'll walk you out. This is from your lawyer. Oh, and call me later for a pick-up. OK. I'm supposed to respond within fourteen days. J... Well, given everything that's happened. I wondered if you'd just like to park this for a bit? I can't think about this now. I can't think about anything except that my son is gone. Why are you talking about this now? Alistair, I don't have enough money to throw away at lawyers. It's a fair question. Aren't you a lawyer? No. No, I'm not. You may recall I have a law degree but spent ten years raising a daughter and following my husband around the world while he built his career. Yeah, I don't have time for this, Alex. MEDIA CROWD SHOUTS MEDIA CROWD NOISE ALEXANDRA: You're a mother surely you can understand exactly how they feel. Can you just back off? The police were asking me about Alexandra this morning. CAR ENGINE STARTS Did you get some sleep? Yeah. There was a moment when I woke up. I forgot. FLOOR CREAKS Don't hover, mum. Oh, sorry. Didn't want to interrupt. LORNA: Your car is a red SUV? ALEXANDRA: Yeah. And this is the exact route you ran last night? Yeah. There you go. Thank you. Are you familiar with a holiday rental on the coastal road called The Cottage? Yes. And I drove past there, if that's what you mean? Because it's just on the way to... to where I was running. Mrs Wilson, the landlady says she found you inside the house. She knows you. I'm sure she knows most people in this town. But you went into the house where Joanna and Alistair were going to be staying. I wanted to see where they were staying, alright? I wanted to have a sticky beak. So after you were at the cottage, you did some shopping? And then...? Then I went home. I did some garden, um, I went for a run got some dinner and then... You went for a run after nine at night? You often run in the dark? Yes, I like it. So between 4pm and 9pm, you were at home. Can anyone verify that? No. I was alone. And you didn't go anywhere else on that night? No. LORNA: Thanks, Alex. We won't keep you much longer. Fuck. DOOR OPENS This is very covert. Sorry, mate you know that we can't be seen together in a public place. Not until Noah's found. Of course. Can you be seen in public with Alex? I know you two went out for a while. Well, that was some time ago and I'd rather the Melbourne team didn't find out about it, given... HE SIGHS Pete... Where is he? Being in the dark, it's doing my head in. Are there any leads? What about the... the red car that I saw? Yeah, we're following that one through. It's one of the avenues that we're exploring. Is there anything we can do? Did you speak to Jo about the press conference? She's so devastated but I'm worried that she comes across quite cold and detached. That's right, I forgot, it's what you do for a living. Not quite this. Can I show you something? It was on your phone. That's... that's Kirsty, she's a friend of Joanna's. The date says that's when you left Glasgow. Now, the suit we have, but that yellow bib... We don't have it. He might have been wearing it when... he was taken. You can't remember? No, I can't. CHLOE: Why would people say such horrible things about my dad, Joanna and my mum? They don't even know them. ELIZABETH: Why don't you just turn that thing off? Just ignore all that rubbish. CHLOE: There are people saying all sorts of horrible things but someone might say something important and someone in the world knows. They know where he is, nanna. They might be right here, online. Can I borrow the car? What? I need to get out, I won't be long. Um... I don't think that's the best idea. The press, what if someone sees you? I'll be fine. I just need some air. Well, why don't you take Chloe with you? She knows her way around. Really, I... Seriously, I'll be fine. Yeah, well why don't... Why don't we all go together? We'll get an ice cream. MEDIA CROWD NOISE ALISTAIR: Hey, I'm just gonna make a phone call. Does dad like these? Um... anything chocolate. I'm just gonna get some shampoo. PHONE RINGS Hi. Thanks for calling me, I know you must be in a... a terrible place. I'm so sorry. - Thank you. I got your email. There's a lot of press here. Well, apart from the fact you owe me a huge favour for the Fossery story you know I can and will tell your story. The way you want it told. We're gonna find Noah and then there won't be a story. Well, a story with a happy ending is still a story. FOOTSTEPS Put something in writing. Bye. CAR DOOR OPENS Sorry, this is not how I imagined us coming home. CHLOE: It's OK, dad. PHONE BEEPS DOOR KNOCKS I just got you some towels. And uh, someone gave me that as a gift so I just wondered if you wanted to... Thank you. JOANNA IMAGINES CHATTERING GOSSIP "Why have the police not..." "Someone must have that baby." "Wilde Bay is such a small town." "Why haven't we heard about the red car that was parked on Eloura Street?" "What about the mother, Joanna?" "Cold eyes..." "But she's just lost her baby." "Whoever took him has to be local." "I can't even imagine what she's going through." "There's something not right about her." "Cold eyes, lol, cold heart." "The ex-wife is in my daughter's book club." "She says all she ever talks about is her effin' Ex. But steal his baby?" Someone did. HER VOICE ECHOES: Someone did. FIRE CRACKLES EERIE CHANTING CHILD SCREAMS JOANNA SIGHS BREAST PUMP SQUELCHES LOUD KNOCK LOUD KNOCKING ON DOOR Have you found him? Is your mum home? Any news? Alex, I've got a warrant to search your house. Really? Oh, what on earth for? Mum? Let's let them do their job. Yeah, but why, mum? Chloe has to go to Summer school and I'm gonna take her down there. OK. Chloe, do you have a laptop? Yes. Yeah, I'm gonna need to borrow that for a day or so. And your mobile phone. OK. Are they your only running shoes? I have two pairs. The other ones are in my closet. Great, thank you. MULTIPLE FOOTSTEPS POLICE AND MEDIA CHATTER ALISTAIR: We really appreciate it. MAN: Thanks. ALISTAIR: Thanks for your help. ALISTAIR: I told the police you thought you heard someone in the garden. Well, I think I was half asleep. I want to show you something. Now, I've cut together the news footage of us. Watch yourself. No, I don't... No, I don't want to. The tide can turn against us in an instant, Jo. What else is there to do except do everything in our power to find Noah. To bring our Noah home. Al, please. Jo... We are the couple whose baby's disappeared off the face of the earth. No witnesses. No ransom. No body. We need the public to help us to be looking for Noah. Why's it so big? So you can still read in case you cry. I hate this. The world needs to see your pain. They want to see a good mother crushed not a bad mother hiding. Good mother crushed? Am I the victim? Tictim, rescuer, persecutor, the Karpman triangle. Yes, I'm aware of it. So Al and I, we slid from one corner to the next. When you were in Australia, where were you on the triangle? I was a victim. Alistair was both the rescuer and the persecutor. Did you talk about it with him? We were in no state to get off it then. How did you "get off it", as you say? It took a while. I'd forgotten that once I used to be strong. I learned the hard way. Whoever has him, please give him back to us. You can leave him anonymously at any hospital or fire station anywhere that is safe. We miss him so much, we need him home safe. Please help us find him. Good. Good, now those... Those pauses, they're there to help you. If you feel like crying, you should just cry. If you need to... If you need to stop and pause you just stop and pause as long as you want. Listen. We miss him so much. We need him home safe. Now, take a deep breath but don't censor your feelings. Our baby, Noah, was only four months old. He was wearing a blue grow suit like this one. Whoever has him, please give him back to us. You can leave him anonymously at any hospital or fire station anywhere that is safe. We miss him so much. We need him home safe. Please, help us find him. Please help us find him. I'm sorry. MEDIA CROWD SHOUTS And before you went to the fish shop you went for a jog? J... Yeah, well I don't jog, I run. But yes. Do you agree that the path marked on this map is the route that you ran that night? Yes, this is the route that I took. And you drove your car to that spot? Why did you drive out there? It would have been getting pretty dark. Well, I like to run out there, I guess. And since Noah's disappeared, you've continued to run? That's right. Have you run past Elizabeth's house? Hmm, it's a small town, I run all over the place. Having a sticky beak? Alex, do you know what happened to Noah? Do you know where he is? What? No. Please helps us find him, please. DOOR BANGS. Hello, sweetie, what are you doing here? CHLOE: Mum texted me to come. She's with Peter at the... at the police station. ELIZABETH: OK, I'll get another plate. They searched our house, the car. They took out the carpet from the car. You know what, the police, they... They have all sorts of methods and routines they have to follow in cases like this so I wouldn't worry about it. Is mum in trouble? No. No, I'm sure she's just helping the police. LORNA: Let's talk about Daniel Falcon. Um... Yes, that, Daniel Falcon... That's me, it's a fake profile, I made it up. Daniel Falcon only has one friend and that's Joanna Lyndsay. Daniel's not very popular. So you admit to stalking Joanna Lyndsay online for three years? No, I wasn't stalking her. Being curious isn't a crime. Is it against the law to want to look at the woman who took your husband took your apartment, your bloody curtains and made them her own? Joanna claims that she heard someone in the back garden at Elizabeth Robertson's house this morning at approximately 6am. - Was that you? - No. 6am, no. That wasn't me. That's more than curious more like stalking. I was not there. DOOR KNOCKS MUSIC PLAYS: "Under the Boardwalk" by the Drifters. ♪ Under the boardwalk ♪ ♪ Down by the sea, yeah ♪ ♪ On a blanket with my baby ♪ ♪ Is where I'll be ♪ This is a bootie that was found in Chloe's bedroom that contains DNA that matches that of Noah Robertson. What? Where did you find these? Why don't you tell us the truth, Alex? Alex, the night Noah Robertson went missing you were sighted outside both the cottage and Elizabeth Robertson's house. You've admitted to stalking Joanna Lyndsay on Facebook. You were no more than two streets away from the car when Noah was taken and now baby clothes with Noah Robertson's DNA have been found in your home. LORNA: Alexandra Grenville, you are under arrest for the kidnapping of Noah Robertson. You don't have to say or do anything but whatever you say or do may be used in evidence. Do you understand this? Are you joking? OK, I want a lawyer. JOANNA WHISPERS: Al? Are you asleep? PHONE RINGS Jo, I'm sick with worry. I was about to get on a plane. I'm sorry. I've wanted to call you so many times. Jo, is there any news? What are the police saying? Kirsty... WHISPERS: You know me... Tell me the truth. I'm a bad mother, aren't I? What? I am. Tell me the truth. Tell me the truth. Please, tell me the truth. Jo, you have done nothing wrong, do you hear me? I left him at that... I didn't... I didn't look after him properly. Did Alistair tell you you were a bad mother? No. No. Jo, listen to me. It's... - It's fine, I just... I just wanted to hear your voice. Jo, it's a terrible thing that's happened but it's not your fault. I have to go, I have to go. Oh yes, it's uh... the middle of the night there with you. - Um, go to bed. - OK. Get some sleep, and you'll call me tomorrow? OK, bye bye. TAP RUNS You gave me a fright. Why would you ask her if you're a bad mother? I don't know. This photo of Noah wearing a yellow bib... They can't find it. Does it matter? I don't know. It's probably just a misunderstanding. CHLOE CRIES But mum didn't do anything! She didn't do anything. When can I see her? We'll take you there as soon as we can, OK? CHLOE SOBS JOANNE IMAGINES CHATTERING GOSSIP "I've seen her around town." Why have they charged her? "What she's gone through." "Imagine if she did take that little boy." "Taking a kid!" "What's she done with him?" "What kind of a sick person..." "That baby could be anywhere by now." "Where is he?" "The police were down near the fishing shacks" "had dogs and the whole shebang." "Did they find a body?" "I went to school..." "I gave my statement to the cops." "What?" "What did you see?" "I saw a grey car parked on the road the day the kid went missing." "Did you see the baby?" "No, but it was strange." You don't see people outside the car on that road. And that couple, they were going for it "hammer and tongs." Jo? We need new rules. I know. I found it under your pillow. Sorry, I needed something. I know. If we could go back could we have done anything differently? We've done the right thing. The only thing that makes sense. Alistair - Chloe, Alexandra, they didn't even... They don't deserve this. We just need to let this play out. They can't ever find this. I know. These cops are smart. But we're smarter. MUSIC PLAYS: "Under the Boardwalk" by the Drifters. I'll just be a minute. ♪ Under the boardwalk ♪ ♪ Out of the sun ♪ JOANNA WHISPERS: One, two, three four, five, six seven, eight, nine ten, eleven, twelve thirteen, fourteen, fifteen sixteen, seventeen, eighteen nineteen, twenty, twenty-one twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six. JOANNA CONTINUES TO COUNT SLOWLY TO SIXTY. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 