Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e5 - Can Crushing at the Hangar - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Can Crushing at the Hangar - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome to ATL! Atlanta, I need y'all to represent! We are here at the Hangar. It used to be an airplane hangar. Then we started doing open mikes. They've been doing this here in Atlanta for years now. It's the first place I ever did stand-up. At first, I thought it was like a trick or some sort of abandoned place. But, no, people come. A lot of comics have lived here before. I've crashed nights here on couches 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 or in people's rooms, on their floors. You actually started in the hangar, right? I did, yeah. Yeah, three - three years ago. I moved in with the intention to do some sort of shows. - Okay. - I just wanted to be able to pay rent and have a - an artist's space, I guess. When you walk in and like, this - this parking lot. So you're like, "All right, this is, like, a place of business." And then you get in, you see, like, a washer and dryer, and, like, a family room. - A cat. - And a cat. I felt like I was at the hideout. I felt like this is where, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 like, the gang meets up and fights crime. So this was my old room, here. This is where a little squirrel poked his head through my first night and terrified - I just saw a claw come through. The house cat, Eva here, will climb up and chase the squirrels. They are out tonight. - There's always one squirrel. Like, sometimes he'll get in and, like, you'll see him a little bit. You're on stage, and then you see the audience looking up. Yeah, they're not paying attention anymore. They're just like, "What's that?" Oh, there's an animal, a wild animal above me right now. Yeah. The thing is in the spring and even in the summer, it's wonderful here. And into the winter, things start to get really ugly because this place has no heat. And so it's usually about 10 degrees warmer inside than it is outside. And so I remember going in the back hall, and I saw the thermostat set 20 degrees - inside the place you live. It's like the only place there was heat is in the tiny 8x10 loft bedrooms. And so, you know, you're holed up in this bedroom getting cabin fever all winter. I peed in Gatorade bottles for a long time because I didn't want to go downstairs to use the shower. This is a great place, but I wouldn't suggest living here. Fucking badass. You are. Both of y'all. - You're doing tattoos? - Yeah. - No, Clint was next. - You ever had one of those? Oh, just a little pre-show smoke session. You have to tell us if you're a cop. Yeah! I'm not a cop. You guys got to clear out through here. - Oh. Um... - You got to clear out. - Fucking nailed it. - I got him! - Yeah, sick burn, Stone! - Fuck yeah, dude. Turns into a bully. Make all the noise you can in your hearts, in your hands, in your souls for Mr. Dave Stone! My mom is a goofy old Southern belle. We talked about the uh, rebel-flag thing that happened a few months ago here. I won't tell you what side my mom's on. Let's just say she's got three Confederate flag throw pillows on her couch that she's very proud of. "These are hard to find." Yeah, I would imagine they are. It's not a racist thing, it's a regional thing. Uh, she's fine with minorities, she hates Yankees. She hates people from the North. A Yankee, by the way, is anybody north of Chattanooga. That's a Yankee. This is a quote from Nancy Stone, "I don't know why they got to rub it in our faces with their Honda Accords." That's what she said. I don't know what the hell that means. I'm so excited to be in the metro Atlanta area because I just spent seven days in Alabama. And, uh... I ended up writing a screenplay about my experiences called "One Week a Slave." So, um... The real reason I did not enjoy being there is because I got pulled over twice in three days. Okay. And I want to let you know racial profiling is real. The first time I got pulled over, I hit somebody. Fair enough. You know what I mean, like, I get it. Like, people were bleeding, it makes sense. But second time, bullshit. Okay? I drive a Camry, but the cop was like, "Is this your car? What year is this car?" And I'm like, "Who the hell would lie about owning a Camry?" Like, anybody can have one if you try hard enough, you know? I had a shirt with Frederick Douglass on it. - Yeah. - And he's just angry as fuck. And I asked someone, I was like, "Is this shirt too angry for white people?" They're like, "Yes. Don't wear that shirt." That's what I'm saying, I don't care. - Now, a Bono shirt? - I don't give a shit. - Bono. - Yeah. Some of you in the front row can probably see, see, I got these, like, scars right here. I was in a car accident, like, six years ago. My sister was driving. She took a left turn and we got sideswiped. And I woke up in the hospital. And I heard the funniest joke that I've ever heard in my entire life. My dad took one look at me, he goes, "Jordan, you're living proof of one thing. Black does crack." You got me good, Daddy. You roasted me good. Yeah. I remember when I was a kid, I used to feel self-conscious and shit, you know, like, talking to girls and stuff. But then my mother gave me some really good advice. She looked at me and she goes, "Uh, Jordan, woman won't care what your face looks like if they're sitting on it, sweetheart." And I said, "What?" And she was like - she was like, "Yeah." And I was like, "Excuse me." Whoo. "Thank you, Mommy, that's good advice." You all might not have caught this, but my name is Lace. Yeah. And a lot of people are like, "That's a cool name. How did you get such a unique name like that?" And, uh, and I'm like, "Well, it's just what happens when your parents are 17 when they have you." Yeah, you, too, could share a name with an original American Gladiator... ...if your mom was unsupervised after cheerleading practice. That's what happens. I'm just - I should just be thankful it's not like Ice or Laser. Lace is probably the best choice, right? I think if I have fun, then it's a good set. But if I'm not having fun, then I feel like I'm wasting everybody's time. I don't want to do that. I constantly have this, like, extreme joy at realizing that I - I get to work with my favorite comics. You guys are supportive. - Like, literally. - Like, literally, you're supporting the way I'm standing right now. I'm very drunk. I would have fallen over. Ha, another moment of supporting a man-child upon... - Yeah. - ...upon our shoulders. Oh, is that me? That's a lot of what we do here. Is it? The whole idea of sex kind of weirds me out, 'cause it's just like sold to us in the media from such a young age. And they're like, "It's awesome! You're totally gonna love it." And that's not all the way true. Uh... I remember in middle school, my friend had written on - on like her planner all these fun, like, you know, like, band lyrics and funny quotes. And one of them said, uh... "Uh, pizza is like sex, 'cause even when it's bad, it's still pretty good." What the fuck, Kelly?! That's not true. Come on! I've had bad sex. I'll say this. I've had mostly only bad sex. If we're - if we're gonna draw some kind of asinine parallel between pizza and sex, here's one. Uh, I'm gonna make myself throw up after both. It's the one and only black Bob Ross artist in the building. Now, I'm known as doing this old freaknik dance called ye. It ain't nothing but some bopping and some cranking old-school style back when you could still be cool and dance. You can do the whole - - Fancy hearing that. You see? The discrepancy in dancing back in freaknik days was you could do somebody better, but they still keep challenging. - Keep doing it. So that's when you have to take it to the next level. Hey! G! Rob Haze! I watch a lot of movies. I'm tired of these movies coming out, talking about you only use 10% of your brain. What would you do if you could use the other 90% of your brain? You might be able to move stuff with your mind. You might just know Chinese. But that's stupid. That's offensive to anybody that's ever learned Chinese. To be like you got Chinese in your brain, you just don't know the code. Like, you already use 100% of your brain. Your brain's like, "I'm gonna take 90% and keep us alive. And you take your little 10%, think about Giga Pets... or whatever you want to think about." Like, if you had to use 100% of your brain, you'd have to run an entire functioning human body. Like, this is what it would sound like in your head all day. It would just be like, "Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe in, breathe out. Pump your heart. Pump your heart. Pump your heart. Blink, blink. Breathe in, breathe out. Pump your heart. Pump your heart. Call your mother. Breathe in, breathe out. Pump your heart. Pump your heart. Phone bill's not working, pay your phone bill. Breathe in, breathe out. Pump your heart. Pump your heart. Uh, does anyone here know how to work a pancreas? Does anyone know how to work a pancreas? You just gave yourself diabetes. Don't panic. Breathe in, breathe out." How would you put yourself to sleep? You got to run your entire body. Some of y'all could shut down. Not everybody. "Breathe in, breathe out. Pump your heart. Pump your heart. Think of a dream. Anybody can pop in the dream. What's up, Fred? Breathe in, breathe out." Like, that's way too much. So your body's like, "I got this." I'm excited we're doing this in Atlanta, the strip-club capital of the world. Right? Yes? I grew up in Atlanta with this complexion, which was fun. People notice. "Hey, you're brown!" I do have a bunch of roommates. I have four roommates, and when you have that many roommates, there's always that one roommate that nobody likes. There's always that one asshole roommate. And I like all my roommates, so I'm pretty sure I'm that guy. Pretty sure. It's just me. My favorite roommate - I do have a favorite - I have a gay roommate who's killing it with the dick, just murdering dick right now. Just every day - pow! Dick's dead. Every day, every - every day, he brings home a different dude, and I asked him. I said, "Hey, man, how many guys is that? Is that, like, 70, 80 guys?" And he goes, "No, man. It's in the triple digits." Yeah, which is crazy to me, 'cause the amount of girls that I've even kissed is barely in the digits. Like, it's eight... and I'm lying right now. I do help my gay roommate out sometimes. I wing-man him, wing-woman him, get him the dick-boy - I don't know what to call it. Um, like, I'll help him out, I'll go to the gay clubs with him. I found out this is a thing at gay clubs. This works. Unemployed Mowgli works at gay clubs. But I was at this gay club with my roommate. I was sitting at the bar. And from across the bar, this guy makes eye contact with me, like, way too much eye contact with me. And I start to turn away. As I'm turning away, he goes, "Hey, yo, Aladdin! Why don't you take a magic-carpet ride on this dick?!" To which I replied, "Hey, man, what does that - what does that even mean?" To which, he replied, "You about to find out!" So I have a boyfriend now. Atlanta's sort of great. You can do a show, like, in the city, then immediately go out into the suburbs. You can go to a redneck bar. You come back in, do, like, a black club, immediately go do, like, some, like, hipster bar. Like, you get in front of a million different kinds of audiences and different people and you learn how to make all sorts of different people laugh. Neel was right, man. Atlanta is the strip-club capital - ain't nothing wrong with that. It's a way of life here. It's the culture. This is the only town where women don't look - get looked down upon for being a stripper. They run this town. I went to high school here. I remember when the strippers used to come to career day. Brochures and all. I walk around Atlanta sometimes, I think people forget Dr. King was from here. 'Cause you go to his old neighborhood, you be like, "No, there ain't no way he from... Edgewood? Damn! Auburn Ave? Crackheads walking all around this. Ain't no way he from here." He's from here, though. Yeah, ain't too much changed from now and then. You know, it's just we don't have a lot of Dr. King looking, you know... We got a lot of rappers in this city now. Back then, Dr. King and them was the rappers. And I'll bet when they went to the club, it was the same way, just for a different cause. They walk up in the club, deejay be like... "Oh, shit, we got my nigger, Dr. King, Ralph David Abernathy, Joseph E. Lowry just walked in this bitch!" Dr. King grabbed the mike. "Y'all look out for my speech about to drop August 25th. About to be some changes 'round here, some equal opportunity. Come on, Jesse, we in the V. I. P." I don't know what tattoo I'm gonna get tonight at the show that they're filming right now. I was - I kind of want to get - just get a hot dog. Just a little hot dog. I'll get the - the pot, the dancing popcorn from the "Let's All Go to the Lobby" thing. Is that stupid? Tonight, I've decided to get a tattoo that says "Bob Newhart" to commemorate just one of the greatest American comedians currently living, but almost dead. Also one of the few who have not done anything shitty. And I just want his name on my body... to bother my dad. That's great. You did really good. Shit, I feel like that sucks so bad. Check it out. I really love Mary Tyler Moore. Oh, damn! That's my next one. I want to be great. But when I think about it, I want to be great so my greatness outweighs my inappropriateness. If I say something messed up, they'd be like, "Hey, he's funny, let him go. Don't - let him - let him go!" You know? Most great people throughout history have flaws like we all do. But they provided a service so well that their flaws went unnoticed. Like, Beethoven. Beethoven was an alcoholic. But he played the piano so well, nobody noticed. They thought he was sweating from playing hard. No, he was drunk. That's greatness. Dr. King, great man. You know, had women on the side. Used to bang chicks and take naps. And during one of those naps, he had a dream. And it changed the world. Greatness! Kind of Pop, Michael Jackson, accused of touching little boys - which is sad. But, honestly, I don't give a shit about that little kid when "Billie Jean" comes on. Nobody do! Soon as Michael Jackson come on, we like, "Hey, that's Michael Jackson! Come on!" That little kid could be standing right beside, and I'm like, "Hey, move the hell out of the way. You in my kick space." "But he touched me!" "Yes, he touched us all." Like, I'm - I'm edgy. But you got some people that try to be edgy, but it's not coming from nowhere sincere. - It's someone else's opinion. - Yeah. - Yeah. - I slept with babysitter when I was 10, so I know both sides. You know, I know the extremes of it. I look at it like, she said - what did you say? Repeat that. You only talk about what you know. Yeah. It's a - it's something that - to that, talk about what you know. And I use a lot of my imagination, so it all starts from a truthful place, and then I just veer off to La-la Land. I live less than an eighth of a mile from a 24/7 McDonald's. Not a 24/7 drive-thru McDonald's, a 24/7 you can go inside McDonald's, which... don't do that at 4:00 A. M. That's a weird fucking group of people that's at that McDonald's at that time. Don't do that. But I could get all fucking ripped on booze, and then I go in, and I get the Paul meal. Don't order it that way, they won't know what the hell you're talking about if you ask for the Paul meal. But if you want to know, the Paul meal is this. The Paul meal is a 20-piece nugget, large fry, large drink, two soft-batch chocolate chip cookies, and five sweet and sour sauces, which you pay extra for. That's the Paul meal. I got the Paul meal the other day, got home, opened up the 20-piece, and guess what, guys? All fucking boots, that's all I got. All right, so a couple people get it. And the rest of you guys are acting like you never eat fucking chicken nuggets! 'Cause everyone in this Goddamn room knows there's three shapes in a chicken-nugget box. You have the diamond, the boot, and the other one, that's what you get. That's what comes in a chicken-nugget box. Diamond, a boot, and the other one. And I've got a system all worked out to get me through all these five sauces I paid extra money for. And the normal system is this. I go in first with the diamond. Diamond's for dipping, that's what that's for. It's called alliteration. You'll remember it that way. But what the diamond does is it breaks the seal on that sweet and sour sauce, gets a nice bouquet going. Like a nice east meets west umami type sensation. Gets you excited about the rest of the meal. You go in secondly with the other one, 'cause that's just for general dipping. That's all it's ever gonna be for. But you go in thirdly with the boot because the boot has a toe. And that's designed to scoop all that extra sauce out of the corners of those sauce packets. And all I had was 20 boots, so I was scooping way too much sauce off the rip and I blew my Goddamn palate out. I didn't enjoy those cookies whatsoever. I just tasted fucking sweet and sour the whole meal. I - I drive for Uber. Thank you. Thank you! Thank - that's the appropriate response. A lot of crazy people get in my Uber. Like a - a kid got in my Uber, and I know that 'cause he said that right away. He goes, "Yeah, I'm 18." I'm like, "All right, that's not part of what we do here, okay?" Thinking of the wrong service here. Next car down, buddy. And he goes, "Yeah, I got a kid." I'm like, "I'm not asking questions right now, and you're just answering me." And he goes, "I bet you're judging me, aren't you?" I'm like, "Dude, I'm not talking to you! But you know what? Hold on. Hold on. While we're here, a lot of people have kids at a young age. And they turn out just fine. Benefit of the doubt, man. I'm not judging you." Then he goes, "Oh, thanks, man. Usually when I get a cab, one of the Indians picks me up." I'm like, "Oh, there it is!" Now I'm judging you. That's what we were looking for." I was on a plane recently, and it was going fine. It was a flight from Denver to Atlanta. And it was a long flight. And then towards the end of the flight, we hit, like, really bad turbulence. Like, scary, the whole plane was shaking, and it was, like, dark out. The plane started dropping mid-air. You know how the plane drops? It's like, "Fuck! We're in the sky! This is not normal." People were freaking out. People started crying. People started crying. People started praying because we all thought we were about to die. And I'm - I'm a practicing Muslim. So I started praying aloud in Arabic, which did not help the panic, uh, at all. I'd go so far as to say it exacerbated things. Uh, people were already freaking out. Now they're looking at me like, "I thought he was Mexican! Why, fuck, no! Goddamn it! Shit!" It got to the point where a lady behind me on the plane goes, "Well, we're already going down." Like she was giving me a pass to hijack the plane. Like she was going, "Well, we're already gonna crash. Might as well let the Muslim get his virgins in or whatever." I can appreciate a good deal when I see one. Like - like I'm the most opportunistic terrorist there's ever been. Like I felt the turbulence and I was like, "Whoa, thanks for warming me up, Allah, I can take it from here." - Your pieces didn't suck! - Craig, don't be a hero. Hey, check out his forehead right here. Check it out. Like, get a close-up of that. Is my face bleeding? We're just talking about the finer techniques of smashing an aluminum can on your forehead. - It's not bleeding. - Any hack can do it sideways. That's no challenge. You want to go lengthwise. We're gonna each do it, see whose can is smaller. - Teacher versus student. - And by the way, it needs to be one movement. You can't smash it and then crush it. All right. Fuck you. You do a little bit of that shit while we go. All right. Okay, that's a pretty good one. Boom, done. - Fuck! - All right, Craig. - You want a nice - you want a nice collapse, too. - Pop it. - Oh! That was good! No, that was good! We're partying pretty hard tonight. - Yeah. - Got a Bob Newhart tattoo and made some new friends. I saw Dave Stone crush a beer can with his head - 12 times. Like, a lot of times. He shouldn't sleep tonight. No shittin'. I don't know about them Mang-O-Rita cans. I think that's a different - - You got this, Dave. No, that's - that's - - I'll - I'll do it. - That's - that's dangerous. I might come out of retirement for this can. - Do it! - Don't. You've got six concussions already. I've had six concussions. If you want to smash a can, we'll get you a High Life can. I want to do it, but, like, I've just had too many concussions. This is - I feel like, I mean, I'll try. Want me to try? - Do it! - All right. This is tiny. I mean, I know you can do it. Oh! These are my parents. They're at "Flophouse." They came through. Um, how long did it take for you to not be disappointed in me? How long was that? Oh, my God. - I'll smash - - I want to smash it! Let me smash it. - Please stop! Oh, man. I should just punch him in the stomach. Ugh! Thataboy! Oh! Oh! Hashtag vas! Hashtag world news. Atlanta! You want your glasses back? I feel great. I could do this all night. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 