Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e7 - Toxoplasmosis at Garbage Party - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Toxoplasmosis at Garbage Party - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hello, New Orleans! Hello, New Orleans! Welcome to Garbage Party! Garbage Party! I come back to this city a lot. It's my home c-I'm from here. If you think about this, the dynamics of this city, I mean, comedy is something that fits. It's just never really had a scene until now. Oh, I know they eatin' my crawdads! Wow. What a progressive statement. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's booming now. Like, you know, I been born and raised in New Orleans, but since doing the comedy thing for 2 1/2 years, it's picked up from since I actually started. There's comedy all throughout the week. You know, there's a place to go to every day of the week. More - more than one. Make some noise if you're pretty under-employed right now. This is what I love about New Orleans! We're all fucking poor as shit, dude. I love New Orleans because it is a place that prioritizes happiness. Like, everyone is just so happy all the time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Everyone's a little fat and a little drunk and a little under-employed, and it's okay. What sets New Orleans apart as a comedy scene is the same thing that sets the city apart as a city. It's - it's more of a - a gritty place. You know, it doesn't fully have its shit together. The city has, like, a unique flaw to it, which is what comedy truly is - it's highlighting the flaw of humanity to where we can all laugh about it, accept it, and move past it. I'm Geoffrey Gauchet. We're in Gentilly in New Orleans. This is my house. Neighborhood's pretty quiet, pretty chill, relatively safe. Most of the murders happen in a five-block radius away from my house, so not right here, which is good. Yeah, so we're gonna do a comedy show here. I do it every so often. It's called Garbage Party, just whenever I have time. Throw a party, have some comics. We just, you know, put on a show in my backyard, and it's super-fun. People rage till 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning. Aah! Geoff's a great man. He runs a great show. I hear he has a lot of cats that, um... make the house smell. Then we have the cat room, uh, where they're living right now, and it smells like cat shit and piss all of the time. It's - it's gross. Yeah, so this was an office kind of thing for a while, but then I got the cats. That's Rory, named for Rory from "Dr. Who." And that's Fred. That was just his name when I got him, and he - it just seemed like that would be his name. He's super-chill and likes people. Rory takes a long time and is very upset about being closed up in this room all day. I don't know if you can tell through your cameras, but there's an aroma you can almost see. It probably looks like Vaseline on the lens or something. It smells a lot like - yeah. The reason our skin looks so soft is 'cause there's a waft of expired cat urine. No one's eating inside, and it makes sense. No. Will you help me decide which jokes about Geoff's house smelling like pee I should do? - Tell me your tops. - Okay. The only thing getting wet in Geoff's house is his couch after his cat pisses on it. Usually when someone says a guy smells like pussy, it's a good thing. Geoff's place really makes you wonder which came first - the sad divorce or the house stinking of cat piss? They're all equally cutting and true. Oh, no! Come get in here. Oh, no! Oh, my God. They're just so content. It stinks. You're living in your own filth, but it's cute, and you can get away with it. All right. We good to go? We're good to go. All right, we're gonna do this. We're gonna start the comedy show. All right. Nervous. I still get nervous. Still to this day. 80-degree night. We're doing it. Hello, New Orleans! Yeah! Please welcome the one and only Andrew Polk, ladies and gentlemen. I got a Cricket phone 'cause I'm a poor person. I got a Cricket phone. Two things to know about Cricket phones - they only work on speaker, and you can only charge them by riding the bus. That's it. That's a Cricket phone. One fun feature they don't advertise on Cricket phone is, if a bill collector calls you, caller I. D. does not come up. It just goes, "Nuh-nuh!" It's like, "Okay. I will not be answering the phone, then." Have you guys seen the movie "Paranormal Activity"? It's about this demon that terrorizes this entire family. You can't see the demon, though. You can just see what the demon does, what he touches, what he moves around the house. I want to see what the demon looks like. I want to see his mannerisms. So I'm gonna act out for you guys what the demon would look like if you could see him in the movie - the film... ..."Paranormal Activity." Okay. This is not it. But it could be. Light switch! Ceiling fan! Yellow pages. Huh. Look at that. Oh. Cabinet. Cabinet, cabinet, cabinet, cabinet, cabinet, cabinet, cabinet. Cabinet. Garbage disposal. All right, guys, thank you very much. You guys are awesome. Sean Patton! What else can we talk about? I think it would be mean for me to say I don't like Pizza Delicious pizza. - I understand. I understand. - I mean, it's like, you could feel ambivalent about it, but, like, all pizza is good. I - I don't like it 'cause it's not good. It's always old. And it's also part of the gentrification process which is moving black people out of Bywater. They're not killing your brothers with pizza. I ate the pizza, Kamari. I didn't want to. You just ate the pizza, man. I ate the gentrification pizza, though. They heat the pizza up, man. They'll even make it for you. It's reheated. That shit was made yesterday. - You sure? - No, but I - All right, you're not sure. Look how you just - I can - I can slander, though. That's part of my job as a comedian is to slander. That's how you get sued. What they gonna take from me? My jacket? That's all I got. That's my most - That's my most worldly possession right here. I'm 25. It's weird being 25. It's a weird generation. Like, every ti- I think my generation sucks 'cause, like, we don't have anything... at all. Like, look. Like, I'm in college. Like, it's mostly - mainly 'cause old people won't die so we can get they jobs. Old people are living so long. And all we can do is give them food so they can live - Every time I go to a restaurant, I just see one of my friends, like, just serving me food, and I'm like, "Aw, damn." I feel - You ever feel, like, you feel guilty when you go to, like, the fuckin' Panera Bread, and you see the person you went to high school with, and they went to college to be a psychiatrist, and you be like, "She is not a psychiatrist at all." That is some good bread she's serving. That's some very good bread. It's very healthful. She's still a help to our community, but she is not helping mental health as much. It occurred to me recently, like, how scary it is just how quickly I would've joined the army in high school had they told me I was pretty one time. Like, just that once, and I would've had a very different trajectory in life. Compliments are a very dangerous thing for me. I'll do a lot for a compliment. Like, even now, if someone tried to, like, abduct me... uh, and let's just say for the purpose of that joke that it's a man, and, uh... ...and, like, before he snatched me, he was like, "Hey, I love how I can't see your forehead through your bangs," I'd be like, "What? Do you want me, like, in the trunk or the back seat?" Let's talk about my divorce. Let's do that. My divorce. The reason I have this big bad boy of a house. I don't know. Sometimes you just know - you know? - when you find somebody. And sometimes you just guess. And... And I guessed. I guessed very wrongly. If I had to describe the marriage, I guess I would say it was like an M. Night Shyamalan movie, 'cause I was, like, really excited about it before it started... and then like halfway through, I was like, "Well, this isn't terrible." Then at the end, it turns out I was dead inside the whole time. I have what's unfortunately called a dad bod. It's a bad term. I don't like what it implies, visually. But I don't like it especially 'cause it's a missed opportunity. How, as a nation, did we collectively decide on "dad bod" when we could have had "father figure"? Yeah! Party! Bwaah! Nerd! Nerd! Vulgar nerd! Dude, parties are nothing without conflict. Everybody knows this. Nerds! If you're over the age of 50, I'm gonna interrupt you any fuckin' chance I get. I believe in that strongly. Like, if a 55-year-old guy comes up and asks me for directions, I'm like, bmf! "You had your chance, pal! Keep it moving. This is our world now! You got to live in it!" I was talking to this older guy over Thanksgiving, dude in the older generation. He was feeding me a bunch of bullshit, right? He's like, "All Millennials - all you Millennials, all you're just concerned about's your personal brand. All you care about is protecting your personal brand." Like, "What the fuck do you think a reputation is, you old bitch? It's the same thing as a brand." You know why Genghis Khan had to kill everybody in the fuckin' village? To get that Mongol brand out there, guys. Get that shit to ring large. Machiavelli? Pretty strong brand, if you ask me. Got his own damn word now. That's strong. When Tupac changed his name to Makaveli, people weren't thinking about Tupac anymore. They were like, "He must have faked his death," because of the Machiavelli stuff! That's how strong the brand was! It carried over to Tupac. It erased Tupac and became Machiavelli, guys. That doesn't happen for everybody. That can't happen for Socrates. Socrates don't have that kind of brand. What, your favorite rapper's gonna change his name to Socrates? "Oh, what, he's gonna ask more questions now?" Please. Please. Keep it to yourself. My uncle tried to convince methat he pulled off the popcorn trick in the '70s. If you don't know what the popcorn trick is, I'll enlighten you. It's when a man takes a woman on a date to the movie theater and somehow, without anyone seeing it happen, he gets his dick into that popcorn bucket. No one saw it happen. It's just in there now, like a leopard waiting to pounce. And the woman, oblivious to that all, is just chowing down on that free popcorn, right? Just free popcorn. "Let me get my f-" And then, eventually, "Oh, what? What is that? Oh, my God. Is that a dick?" Look, ladies, you know, a penis is a gift in any context, right? Doesn't matter the situation. If there's a hard dick, you're gonna have to jerk that fuckin' thing off! Even if it's during "American Sniper." "Take the shot!" No one's ever done that. No, you take a woman into a movie theater, you get in, and then you say to her, "Hey, I'll see you in there." And then you rush to the concession stand, and you buy some popcorn. You probably buy a small. Even a small's like 8 inches. You don't have 8 inches, otherwise you wouldn't need to trick women into giving you handjobs. And now what? You got the - You're not gonna just, right there, while people are, like, eyeing down Sno-Caps and shit. You have to go into the bathroom, I imagine, and just jam a hole - get a nice hole in the bottom of that bucket and then thrust your rock-hard cock. Let's just go ahead and address that right now. You have to have an erection to pull this off. You can't successfully wiggle a limp penis. You have to have a type of erection you would have the morning after losing a beer pong competition. Like, just thrust it into popcorn, mind you. Sharp, salty popcorn. Hope you buttered that up nice. Hope you buttered that up real nice. And now here's where I really start to get curious. Now you're in. Now get from the bathroom stall to the movie theater without everyone noticing that you're balls-deep in a goddamn snack food. "Oh, look at those movie posters!" And for what? To sit down next to your date and hope that she likes popcorn. "Aha! Popcorn." "Oh, no, I don't - I don't like popcorn." "What do you mean? It's popcorn. So good." And maybe she gets hungry, changes her mind, starts eating some popcorn, and your concentration is broken when she goes, "Oh, my God! Oh. Oh, there's, like, a dead, hairless mouse. Oh, there's a dead, hairless mou-" "What the fuck?!" She should run. I hope she doesn't. I hope she rips the bucket off just to laugh - "Look at it!" Your Quasimodo penis. I hope the salt has seeped its way into your testicles and destroyed them like the Death Stars they were. And I hope she throws the bucket, and you watch it fly away... kernels falling out of the glory hole. Looks like sparks from the thruster of a space shuttle. Remember when you wanted to be an astronaut? The only time I think the popcorn trick's okay to do is to your equally heterosexual roommate. Have fu- "Hey, I got some popcorn!" "Fuckin' right! Ohh! What is that?! Oh, it's your dick. Wait, wait. Take that off. Take that - Are you hard? Take that - Oh, you're - That's so - You're so hard. You're so hard. You're so -" "You're so fuckin' hard. When did you even take your shorts off? You're so hard. That's weird. That's a strange thing, right?" "I know! Women should totally get paid as much as us." "Ah, fuck you, dude!" "No, I'm not gonna come! I'm not gonna come! Fuck you! I'm not gonna - " " No, I'm not gonna come first. You're gonna come first. I'm gonna come." "No, you're - Ahh! Aahh! Aaaaah!" "That's your come noise? Seriously? That's the sound you make?" "What's your fuckin' come - Ahh!" "I don't know. It - Eeee! Ahhh! I know! It's stupid, too! Aaah! Aaah!" "Ahhh! Ahhh!" "Aah, aah, aaaah." "Ohh, ohh, ohh. Oh. Aah! Right?" "I know. Aah. Ahh. Ahh." "Aah! I'll do it f- aah! Aah. Aah!" "Aah! That's like bleach. Oh, my God." "Was that gay?" "No, man. That was just human." Thank you! Good night! - B sharp? - Oh, yeah. 3, 4. Yeah! What, you gonna stop dancing now? I live in the Ninth Ward. I had a lady deliver pizza to me the other day. She wanted me to walk her back to her car. She's like, "Please, can you just walk me - You don't have to tip me. Just please walk me back to my car." I'm like, "Miss, if I walk you back to your car, how am I gonna walk back to my house to eat the pizza? Take this tip. Good luck with your travels, lady." When I moved down here, it was, like, the scariest day of my life. My roommate, Dave, decides to take me to the French Quarter, figures it'll be nice. I ate a good meal, end up walking past a liquor store, and this lady comes out holding three alcoholic beverages, and she asks me to hold them while she lit her cigarette. And before I could say, "Yeah," she was like, "Oh, don't worry. I won't try to rob you." That hadn't even crossed my mind. 'Cause I figured that'd be an odd way to mug somebody. "Hey, can you please hold these three separate drinks for me? All right, put them drinks down! Empty out your pockets! Give me everything you got! Well, do you heard me?!" I think that a lot of people don't understand my personal style. I think I just have, like, a weird aesthetic. My aesthetic is, like, if Elizabeth Taylor was in "Gummo." Are there enough people? I know what I look like. Like, I look like this. Like, if you saw me going into a nice restaurant, you would be like, "Um, what are you doing?" But if you saw me eating out of a Dumpster, you wouldn't be like, "What are you doing?" I am ready for more show! You are ready for more fun! Everybody, what's in your hand right now? Take a sip! Please welcome to the graceful stage that it is, the wonderful Mary-Devon Dupuy, ladies and gentlemen. I got my vagina into a real pickle recently. I, uh... I had like eight - one classic STD and like eight offshoots. You know, there's always like a domino effect. And I had to take this medicine called Flagyl, which I don't know if y'all are familiar. It's exactly what it sounds like. It's what you have to take when you have a horror cunt. Um... So I couldn't drink for eight days, and I had this, like, horrible mess of a reproductive system going on. I was like a real junkyard dog of a lady. And I kind of made my vagina like a New Orleans street. It should've been closed for repairs a long time ago. I was still letting people drive down it, but it was hurting their cars. Um... Can tell some of you all have not been driving around here, um, or fucking me. It was gross. Geoff's house didn't even smell like this before I got here. Uh... That has been Garbage Party! Thank you, New Orleans! He's doing it! Yes! Thanks for the bandage! The money! Quick walk around the money, goddamn it. Oh! Your body's a piece of shit! Let's do it! I'm ready! - Arm-wrestling? - This one's for pussy! - 1, 2, 3, go! - He ain't ready! He's letting me - Oh, come on. Oh, I got you! I got you! I got you, old man! Shitting blood! I'm shitting blood tonight! Oh! - It's a cannon! - Oh, no! No! No, it's not happening! Ohh! Aaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Get the fuck out of here, huh?! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 