Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e3 - How Come at the Convent - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - How Come at the Convent - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is Convent Comedy. My name is Kate Willet. I live here at the convent. This is my house. This is the convent. This is an artist collective in the Lower Haight neighborhood of San Francisco. This is a house were 23 people live. It used to be a convent, actually, from 1934 until the '80s. It's full of artists, musicians, comedians. There's a bunch of painters who live here, all different kinds of things. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And we have a communal kitchen. We have communal bathrooms. It's very much like a family that lives here. This room is full of comedians and hippies right now. Pretty much like a typical, regular day. It's not a commune. We don't share all of our possessions, but it is a collective in the sense that we all, you know, very much participate together. There's an - Everybody has an assigned chore. You know, we come together to throw events like this. - This is Josh. - Hi! We hug a lot. That's one thing about moving in here is I felt like my mood increased from getting hugged a lot. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's a very huggy community. It's a very natural antidepressant. This is our confessional. It's just fun to have a confessional in your house. It's a really great place to make out. That's what happens a lot at parties. This is the jewel in the crown of the convent. This is our sacred space. The cloister was constructed in the 1890s. This is my favorite room in the house. During the day, people do yoga in here, meditate, and then, oftentimes, we have performances in here. I also host a monthly comedy show here. Yeah! We've had Margaret Cho in here. We did a show together last year about this time, and she loved it so much that she actually ended up subletting at the convent. And it was pretty funny to, like, have my childhood hero, like, smoking pot with, like, my hippy friends, you know, over a communal dinner. It was surreal. You get an amazing view of the city. I'm not actually looking in the viewfinder here. Yeah, I want to find some people who don't know me just so I can, like - I want to, like, promise them, like, fame and fortune and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I totally get you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's great. That's a great idea. You're a really good cameraman, by the way. Thank you, thank you. You make it easy on the people being filmed. Please give it up for Jesse Elias. Recently, someone knocked on my door, and I answered it, and it was a person holding a clipboard. And I'm like, "Oh, shit!" They're like, "Hi, are your parents home?" I'm like, "No. No, they are not." And they're like, "Okay, bye." Still got it? People are like, "Are you 20?" I'm like, "No, I'm 30. I'm just a late bloomer." I look down a lot. People are like, "How come you don't look up at people more often?" I tell them, "'Cause I'm a feminist, and I don't want to subject anybody to the male gaze." Actually, the first time I ever saw a picture of a naked woman, I was in first grade. And I'm like, "Oh, I get it. A vagina's just like a puff of hair." So, um... And, and then I - Then I saw my dad naked for the first time, and I saw his pubes. I'm like, "My dad has a vagina?!" He has, like, a penis coming out of a vagina?! Like, my dad's like, "Stop laughing. It will happen to you one day." I'm like, "Yeah, right, idiot!" So... Uh, I drove - I drove here from Oakland. Uh, so, historically, San Francisco and Oakland have had something like a rivalry. You know, the perception is that Oakland thinks San Francisco is elitist, and San Francisco is like, "Fuck you, we're not elitist. Now pay $5 to cross our moat." Matt Lieb is a whore. I thought that we had something special. I thought that it was important to him, and then I show up to a show, and this is happening. Sorry, babe, I'm a "massagynist." This guy is one of my best friends in comedy. I love him so much. Please give it up for Matt Lieb! So I've been doing this game, all right, where I've been going onto Google on my phone and messing with the autofill results. You know when you type something in, Google will complete your sentence based on what millions of people have typed in before you? Well, I've been going in, and I've been typing in the words "How come" and then reading the autofill results live onstage, 'cause I don't know if you guys know this, but there's a whole subset of people going online and asking, "How come..." As opposed to "Why?" And those people got different sets of problems than you and me. The way the game works is I've typed in "how come" on my phone. I'm gonna ask for a letter from the audience, and then I'm gonna type that letter in and read you the result that pops up, all right. "P." "P." "How come" and the letter "P." Oh! "How come - How come people are mean?!" Under that, "How come pickles have no calories?" "W" "W." "How come -" What the fuck? "How come we don't even talk no more?!" They're not even specifying. All right, one last one. - "L." - "L," all right. "How come" and the letter "L." "How come life is so hard?!" You guys, and it's really sad, but you understand that if we were to ask, like, "why" and the letter "L," it would be like, "Why lease a car?" But literally the second result for "how come" and the letter "L" is "How come lice don't drown?!" It definitely smells like I'm performing in a hippy commune. The tech boom here has driven a lot of artists out of the city, and there's not a lot of spaces left like this in San Francisco. But there's a long tradition of comedians all living together. - These are some roommates. - We're staying in San Francisco. - Uh... - Roommates in the building. They're cellar roommates. I don't even know, sometimes, who lives here. My roommates, they're really into, like, essential oils and conspiracy theories. We've got a lot of conspiracy theory guys. You know the type that likes to get super high and then just, "Connect the dots, man." And, uh, they all have their own favorite conspiracy theories. Really popular ones are that 9/11 was an inside job. Lunar landing isn't real. Or my favorite, "Girls are trying to change me, man!" And it's, like, mostly dudes that you hear talking about conspiracy theories. Like, you never even really hear a woman mentioning the Illuminati. I think I know why that is. I've thought about it, and I think 'cause it's like, for me, it's not mind-blowing that there could be a group of people other than myself controlling the world. "Dude, do you know that the whole world is controlled by a small group of rich and powerful men?" I'm just like, "Yeah, fucking duh!" It's like anybody who's interested in social justice whatsoever is really down on straight white guys right now. And I understand it. They have done a lot of bad things. But I feel like it's time to have some empathy for straight white guys, you know, especially the unsuccessful ones, right? Especially the unsuccessful ones, 'cause it has got to be humiliating to fail in a world that was built for you. I live just up the street. This is the Lower Haight area. Um, I love hanging out at this house. Um, especially since everything here is a vagina. If you look around, you got a vagina here. You got a vagina over here. Pretty much everywhere you look, very vaginal-inclusive. Please give it up for Jessica Sele. What's up, you guys? I am really happy to be here right now with all of you. Because I am so lonely. I am kind of going through a bad break-up right now, honestly. It's been about three years, but... But have any of you ever done something kind of psycho during a break-up? - No. - Never! Oh, you guys are so good. But I did something kind of psycho, which I'll tell you about, which is I masturbated. That's normal. But I recognized that as I was masturbating, I was fantasizing about my ex, um, crying at my funeral. Is that nor- Just, like, crying on my friend's shoulders and being like, "I didn't realize how much I loved her! Now she's gone!" I was like, "I'm dead now!" Have any of you ever had an orgasm that's so good that you just, like, see color and shit? I guess this is the place for it. Oh, man. But, okay, here's the thing. I had an orgasm recently that was intense that as I was coming... I just... saw the Chicago Bulls logo. I don't... I don't know why that is, but it was pretty awesome. I think all I can make of that is that I had the Michael Jordan of - Air-gasm. It was an air-gasm. You know, it was - it was... It was just this. So then I smoked some pot and then watched "Space Jam," so it was all good. Shout-out to everyone in this house that's hooked me up with whip-its before. I just wanted to say that's some really... Thank you very much. I don't know if you guys have hopes and dreams, but the worst thing you can do with hopes and dreams is talk to people who don't have hopes and dreams. I call them coworkers. I don't like 'em, I don't like talking to 'em. 'Cause you tell people, you're like, "Hey, man, I've always, you know, I want to be a stand-up comic." They're like, "Adrian, why don't you try doing something a little bit more realistic with your life, like being, like, I don't know, like, an astronaut or the pope or Spider-Man? You like Spider-Man, right? Why don't you try that out? That's a little more realistic." And that, like, used to hurt my feelings. I used to get, like, offended by that, until I met my new roommate, and we had the same conversation. He's like, "Adrian, I'm glad you're in the arts, too, because I have always dreamt of being a professional fire-twirler." And I was like, "Oh, shit! That's what I sound like." 'Cause that's a fucking dumb dream, dude. Cut that shit out in our apartment." The church that this convent was the convent for, it used to be the Church of the Sacred Heart, and now it's a roller disco. And then right next to it is our sister collective. The center was the rectory. But now it's two collectives and a roller disco, so it's pretty San Francisco. These are my notes, and I'm supposed to do, like, maybe 10 minutes. And this is, like, years worth of jokes. I'm actually just holding this and staring at it because I think that's, like, a habitual thing for me at this point. Uh, I think it builds up a little anxiety, which... gives me kind of energy on stage, in a weird way. So I just carry this around. Instead of, like, a security blanket, it's, like, an anxiety blanket. I've been looking at this for hours. Before I got here, I was looking at this. Sometimes I feel like when I brush my teeth, I feel like I have to look directly into the sink when I'm brushing my teeth. 'Cause I feel like if I look up and make eye contact with myself in the mirror, it gets to be, like, a little bit too real or something, you know? Like, too heavy. Like, I see my own reflection, I see myself, I'm like, "Oh, shit!" "I'm not immortal. I'm just polishing my bones so people like me while I'm here." Kaseem seems very hung up on, like, credits and, like, pecking-order shit, but, like, to me, we're all just peers. - That's not true. - Why would you even lie? - It is true. - Okay, it is. Yo, I like that we wore the same hoodie, except yours is an adult size. Wait, look at it. How did we just notice this? It's the same brand. We're the same species, which is weird. Please give it up for my very good friend Kaseem Bentley. I'm glad you guys are here in San Francisco, the greatest city in the Bay Area, all right! Not the United States, 'cause we've been to New York. I love San Francisco, but there are some cities in the Bay Area that suck. Like, number one on my list, Oakland. Like, you ever been to downtown Oakland at any point of day? Looks like the first two minutes of "I Am Legend." There's nothing there. It's just dogs running around, animals, birds on cars, a lonely black guy, you know? He's just like, "What am I doing here?" But here's the thing, Oakland kills me because they have one group of people that scare the fuck out of me. It's not the thugs, all right. No offense, you know, right? It's the lesbians. The white ones, I can't tell. Like, you could be a lesbian. You're frowning right now. You look like you're having a bad time. But, like, black lesbians, we all know. The old ones look like LeVar Burton from "Reading Rainbow." The young ones look like 2 Chainz, and they are all meaner than a BART station agent. I almost got my ass beat by two of them in Jack London Square. I was with this chick, right. We're both fat, so we're on a fat-people shopping weekend, right. And we were at Lane Bryant, and if you don't know Lane Bryant, it's a clothing store for big ladies where they make the clothes out of parachutes and that kind of shit. And she's there buying, like, these weird dresses. Has an animal print, and she puts it on. She has, like, a tiger print on. She looks like a fat tiger. And I want to - I said, "Look, let me get out of here. Let me go to Old Navy, 'cause I had $100, so I'll buy nine bags of clothes, right? It's that kind of shit. So I'm going there, and it's Oakland, so it's all these, like, "City of God" children stealing your wallet and shit, going through. And here comes around the corner two black lesbians. Now, the one on the left looked like an "Orange is the New Black" kind of, you know, lesbian, or like Mannie Fresh-looking chick, right? And the other one looked like Queen Latifah, but not old, bucket-on-her-head Queen Latifah. We talking, like, new Queen Latifah, right? She wearing, like, an Oscar gown, titties all smashed together. They're all moving around. Look like a bunch of Samoans in a Honda Accord, you know, that kind of shit. And I'm staring at them, like, you know, like a retarded kid with a word problem, right, and the rough girl saw me, and she's like, "Hey, man, you sit there staring at my bitch?!" And I was like, "Oh, my God! Aagh!" 'Cause she knew I'm a bitch. I dress like this every day, like an inner-city school principal, you know what I mean? I go into farmers' markets, I drink cran-apple. I should be living in Berkeley with a white woman with a biracial son named Autumn, you know what I mean? So I'm there. I knew I was gonna die, 'cause this little black boy looked at me and said, "Nigga, you gonna die." You know what I mean? Oh, he's leaving on that? Too black for this, that kind of shit? I guess some black lives don't matter. That made the cut, right there. And so, I was gonna die, knew I was gonna die, and I'm sitting there, and my mom - Well, the chick is coming out of Lane Bryant, and I'm like, "Hey, girl, help me." She's like, "No, baby, I work for the government. I have a real job," you know what I mean? So I knew I was gonna die 'cause her friends were all out there. Everyone had their Galaxies out. Someone yelled "WorldStar!" I knew I was gonna die, man. And then my body spoke to me. My horrible burrito-full- of-French-fries-looking body spoke to me, and my heart said, "Kaseem." And I said, "What?" It said, "Just run. Get away." You know what I mean? And I said, "What about the girl?" "Fuck her, dawg." You know what I mean, that kind of shit. Then my feet told my heart, "He cannot run. He is built like a bell pepper," you know what I mean? Then my brain kicked in and said, "Look, blood, look at the situation. You're wearing a pink shirt, a colorful pocket square, a linen jacket, You look gay. They're lesbians. Act gay." You know what I mean? And I said, "What kind of gay?" "Bravo Channel gay," you know what I mean? Tyler Perry's secret boyfriend gay, you know what I mean? And I did it, and it worked. She came up to me, said, "Look, blood, you sitting there staring at my girl. What do you gotta say now?" I was like, "Look, boo-boo, I wasn't even looking at her titties, I was looking at her shoes. Her shoes are hella fierce," you know what I mean? And she's like, "Aw!" And everyone of them was like, "Aw, I he was gonna die," right? And I got the girl and got the fuck out of the city. It's been real here tonight. Thanks. Dude, this 'za is sick, bro. Shades indoors. What's up, brahs? How you doing? What's up? I'm great. Hell yeah. What's up, George Chen? George Chen eating pizza like a boss right now. Look at this, brah. Hell yeah, dude! See what else other people thought about the fuckin' pizza, brah. Yo, na-na-na-na-nander. Nander! Ladies! I was doing the show the other night, and there was a sign language interpreter onstage, and he was translating my entire act into sign language, right? So I be telling my jokes, and I would look back, and he'd be back there translating because I guess there was a bunch of deaf students in the crowd or whatnot. And I thought to myself, I was like, "I wonder how do you say the word 'nigga' in sign language," you know, like, how do you say "nigga?" I don't know how to say "nigga" in sign language." I wanted to learn how to say it, so I decided to say the word "nigga" over and over again for like 30 seconds, right? Then I'm gonna look back at him and see what sign he was doing so I can learn how to say it, you know? So when the opportunity arose, I was like, "Oh, by the way, Nigga, nigga, nigga. Nigga, nigga, nigga. My nigga!" I look back at him and see what sign he was doing. And each time I would say "nigga," he'd be pointing at me. Nigga, nigga. Nigga. Nigga, nigga, nigga. My nigga! And I went over there, and I beat that nigga ass. I work for TaskRabbit. Do you guys know what TaskRabbit... And if you don't know, TaskRabbit is like where Uber and Lyft are for chauffeurs, TaskRabbit is for servants. It's - Yeah. I'll clean your house, I'll wait in line, whatever, man. And, like, there's all these different categories you could do like that. I only build Ikea furniture, and I have never been happier. It's great. I love it. I just build Ikea furniture. Although me building Ikea furniture for a living does feel like a sad parody of what's happened to American manufacturing. Other countries build shit 95% of the way and then send it to me with some cute comic-book instructions and an adorable little Allen wrench like, "Who says Americans don't build anything? Look at that end table! I think Americans build some things! Yes, they do!" Yeah, it's - No, it's good news. Oh, nice. That's awesome. - Are you a friend of Nate's? - Yeah. - Do you live here? - No. I really liked watching the pressure build on his face. Please give it up for Chris John. I'm balding and I have pimples. I don't know how that's possible. I look like I'm retiring from going through puberty. I'm bald enough to where I can get sunburned on top of my head, but not bald enough to where I can put sunscreen on there without it looking like there's jizz in my hair. Jizz in my hair. Chris John and Jesse Elias. You guys seem like - I don't know. Two peas in a pod. To me it seems like - Two peas in a pod, exactly. Two peas in a pod. Yeah, Chris John is kind of like my younger brother who had a harder time in life than me. I love you, man. You know, I was just saying backstage how you are exemplary of how comedy gives a voice to people who the world would never know about otherwise. Are you talking about Scott or me? Uh, you, Chris. You, in this - In this case. Scott would find a way to be the center of attention in any - I'd be - I'd be running a business. I'd be a C. E. O. or something, probably. Yeah. One, two, one, two, three, four! Thank you so much. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 