Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e4 - Hoverboards at Babe Island - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Hoverboards at Babe Island - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Okay. Oop! And there we go. How's that, Clare? Is that good? Check one. Hot. Hot, Monty, hot. Check, check, chekow. Chickity China, the Chinese Chicken. Chumbawamba. So here we are again. We're doing another fantastic L. A. show. Lots of great comedians, hot comedians. You've seen 'em on, uh, "Premium Blend," 1999. Welcome back. I am Solomon Georgio. This is, of course, the beautiful Eric Dadourian. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is our home. Welcome. Welcome to our home. Megan Koester, she'll be performing tonight on the show. - Megan's great. - I am. Alison Stevenson hanging out in the corner here. - She's gonna be telling jokes. - All right. There are some more comedians in here. Esther, she's gonna be on the show tonight. Sean O'Connor. Whoa-ho-ho-ho! I knew it was gonna happen. Jak Knight, he's gonna be up there... - Yeah. - ...tellin' his jokes. Ahmed Bharoocha will be on the show. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's right. Yeah, there you go. - Ben also on the show tonight. - Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so fucking crisp right there, dude. This is two Ethiopians on one TV show. That's never happened in the history of television, by the way. It's... - Yeah, you guys are... - It's never happened. So are you gonna do your accent? Or am I gonna do my accent? 'Cause one of us has to do the accent. I don't know. What would it sound like if your dads talked to one another? How gay is your son? I got to give a shout-out to all my dead gnomies. Why are you doin' that? Eric! Eric! Eric! Eric! Eric! Bum, bum, bum! Bum, bum, bum! Oh! Oh, shit! - You okay? - You okay, dude? All right, everybody! Today's show will be happening in the garage very shortly. Grab a drink. Enjoy yourself. If you need to refresh, then refresh. But I need butts in seats. Welcome to my garage! Really quickly, before I start, did anybody else go to Juilliard here? Just me. Just me. Thought so. My life is crazy. My life is weird. It's funny. It's weird. I want to change my entire body. I hate it. I want to get... Okay. Okay. Don't judge. Just be open. Just be my sounding board. Like, a little blond toupee, just like - just like a little, like, blond... Just like... Right? Right? Right? Can I? What else? I don't have anything else. I just have... Right now, I'm like balls deep in writing my memoirs. So I was just, like... No, I am. I am. And when you're ageless and timeless, how do you start? Where do you start? That's why it - it drives me crazy. I see on Twitter all the time, people tweeting, "Oh, if I had a time machine, I'd do this, I'd do that." Honey, if I had a time machine, I'd put it on the corner. Put it on craigslist. What do I need a time machine for? My life is a fucking time machine, you know what I mean? You know, I was really afraid that we were gonna have to perform somewhere tonight where there weren't any rats. But we're good. I recently tricked a guy into having sex with me. Um, he was gay, and I told him I was Dave Grohl. We had fun. Rrr. I'm really lonely. I just started to do this thing where I'll reset a password just to receive an e-mail. My phone buzzes, I'm like, "Oh, my god. Who needs me?" And then, uh, now I go the next step. And I make the security question, "How are you?" And the answer is just, "Funny you should ask." What's up, buddy? That is so... I had 6 months - Is this good banter? - Oh, yes, yes. - You got it. - Oh, yes. Yes, yes. - Isn't that crazy? - Oh, I got next. - Square? Get that out of my fucking face. I'm just kidding! But I've always wanted to say that. Um... Please give it up for Bobcat Goldthwait! A lot of you are really young. A lot of you weren't even born when I was relevant. And, um, I was really big in the '80s. And, um, your parents may have fucked to my movies to make you. So, uh... We are on planes all the time. And I was on a flight. And the engine blew up. Um, was goin' from L.A. to New York. And midway through, it was like, pow. And the whole plane just started... That's not the noise it made. Clearly, I'm not the black guy from "Police Academy" that makes funny noises. It was like... And, uh, and then there was a rooster on the wing. The engine blew up! And the plane just started careening straight towards the earth. And it was terrifying. I found out later that the pilot was just trying to land the plane as quick as possible. But it was going so fast that it was like g-force tests. Like, people's beverages were floating in the air. And people were screaming. It was horrific. And I said, "Stay calm. See what the flight attendants are doin'. That's how you survive something like this." And I look. And two flight attendants are lookin' out the window. And then they turn back. And they were sobbing. Crying flight attendants, put that in your mind. That's truly the most terrifying thing I've ever seen in my life. "We're here for your safety first." Fuck that. They had checked out. They were, like, holding each other's hands, "I always thought you were professional, Karen." And a good portion of the other people on this flight was the United States Special Olympics team. That's who was on the flight. And, uh, I - I know. I can't, uh, I can't change it so you're more comfortable. It was... It was 45 men and women in red, white, and blue running suits with medals. So if it wasn't the Special Olympics team, it was a really big hip-hop group with Down syndrome. And as the plane was careening towards the earth, the pilot got on. He's like, "Hello, ladies and gentlemen. This is your pilot. There's no reason to be alarmed. When we land in Cleveland, the runway will be covered entirely in foam. At the very end of the runway will be a fire truck." And I thought, "Well, this is the end of my life," you know? And I - I thought about my daughter. And I thought about my friends. And then, clear as a bell, a - a voice in the back of the plane went, "Fire truck!" He was excited. He was gonna see a fire truck. And I laughed. And no one else did. I looked around. I go, "You didn't hear 'fire truck'?" I went from atheist to agnostic at that moment. I was like, "Maybe there is some sort of higher deity in the universe." And I know - I know some of you may work with mentally challenged people, or you may have them in your family. But if you don't think they say or do anything funny, you're denying that they're human beings. Because that's the funniest fucking thing I've ever heard another human being say, "Fire truck!" As soon as I blew my first cloud, I knew that that was my one true love - straight-up vaping, for sure. I live that vapor life, dude, straight-up. Blake Vapes all day, 70-plus-thousand on Instagram, fuckin' 70-plus-thousand on Facebook. He's killin' the game, top of the vape game, top of the real-life game. Top of that comedy game right here, dude. Straight Ben Bizuneh, dude, straight up comin' out here from Ethiopia. Yo, that's what's up, dude. You just got vaped! You see that shit, dude? All right. I'm not that good at reading signals and nonverbal cues. That's why I don't like courtship. Like, I can't tell if a girl likes me unless she's currently touching my penis. And even then, I'm like, "Mm, this could go either way." I don't like texting either. Like, I never know how long I'm supposed to wait before I text a girl back. Like, this girl texted me, "Nothin' much. You?" an entire day after I texted her, "What's up?" So I'm gonna reply, "Just chillin'," exactly 1 year from now. My goal is to make her feel 365 times as insecure as I did. Ah, a lot of people blamin' ADD for kids not paying attention in school, right? But I feel like people forget that school sucks. That's part of the problem. I used to think history was boring. But history's filled with murder and deception. It's better than Shakespeare. All I can remember in school is just shove the date down your throat. Just the date, the date, the date, the date. The date is the least interesting part of the story. I've never been telling someone a story, been like, "Oh, man. Got these two Italian supermodels back to my apartment. One thing led to another." "What day was it, man? What day was it? What was the date? Who was president? What was the climate? When did this happen? Get to the details!" Like, I used to think George Washington was boring. But he's murdered people! He went to war! He turned out being king of America. He's probably stabbed someone in the face with a knife at the end of a gun. Like, he killed people back when you had to be like, "I'm sorry. I'll remember this forever." And all I can remember at school is the cherry tree story, which is not even real. They made it up. They made up a less interesting story about him and told that to everybody. "Hey, you know George Washington?" "Oh, that's the cherry tree guy, right?" "No. That's fake. He murdered people on Christmas." That's like, in 1,000 years from now, they're gonna be like, "You know George W. Bush led this country to a war all based on a lie?" "What? I thought he just trampled his father's azalea patch!" I'm, like, scared to walk in front of that camera. 44787. No, don't get me smoking. I want to be on the Disney Channel. Don't get this. I'm like an alcoholic. I know. I want to be on the Disney Channel. - Don't film this. - Yeah. Yeah, I want to do, like, a cool late night set with a suit. I don't want to - I don't want to quote... And I'm like, "Fuck. Fuck bitches. Get hoes and drink liquor. Nerd game!" Yeah, right? Has anyone here heard, uh, that new Meghan Trainor song? It's called "Dear Future Husband." Mm. I have a - I have a problem with that song. At one point, she's like, "I'll be sleeping on the left side of the bed. Open doors for me, and you might get some"... - Head. - I'm not saying... - Head. - Head? Yeah, no. But what she says is "kisses." She goes, "I'll be sleeping on the left side of the... bed. Open doors for me, and you might get some... kisses." I'm not, like, the type of comic who wants to talk about head on stage. But if you mean something, you fucking say it! Just say it! Point of all this is to say that one of my favorite songs of all-time is, uh, "Magic Stick." It's by Lil' Kim, featuring 50 Cent. And why I like this song is - is because 50 Cent comes in, and he's like, "I have the magic stick." And then Lil' Kim comes in. And she's like, "You know what? I have the magic clit." She just says it! I should be on the fucking Disney Channel! All night, I try to avoid the goddamn cameras while I'm smokin' a cigarette 'cause one day I'm gonna be on the Disney Channel! Hey. What's up? - What's up? - Yeah. Oh, hi. I have bread crumbs on my hand. - Nice to meet you. - What's up, boo? - Tyler. - Hi, Tyler. I'm Clare. - Nice to meet you. Hi. - Nice to meet you. Hello. - Uh, hello. - Nore Davis! L - L. A. is a different type of grind, man. I'm New York, so we do, like, three or four spots a night. And bringin' that type of grind here is literally "Grand Theft Auto V," where every show it's like, "Yo, come on my show. Then come on my show." So that's two spots. But one's in East L. A., and the other one's in Santa Monica. Nigga, that's like a mission. That's a mission that just pops up. Bing! By the time you drive there, you're like, "What's funny? What's comedy?" I, uh, graduated college. And, uh, college is the worst scam... I ever fell for in my life. College is all about capitalism. They don't care about your education. Every professor trying to make a profit off of you. Every professor, "All right. You got to get this book. It's $500. And we're only concentrating on chapters two, four and six. And I'm the author." "What? I'm a student, not your biggest fan. Did I register for this class on Ticketmaster?" From New York, went to school in Brooklyn. I was scared to go at first, but Brooklyn's nice now. I mean, they got a lot of hipsters. I like hipsters, man, I really like hipsters in the hood because they keep the crime down. Because I seriously think criminals can't rob white people dressed like that. It puts 'em in a good mood. It shifts the whole momentum of the robbery. It's like, "Gimme yo money! Yo, dawg! She got a top hat on! I can't do it! I can't rob Abraham Lincoln! Go ahead, girl. Go ahead." "You don't think she had the rabbit in that hat? I could have got that rabbit and gave it to my daughter, like, 'Ta-da! You like bunnies, baby?'" "This is a ridiculous, Travis. This is what I'm doin' with my life? I'm robbin' magicians on the block? That's what I'm doin'? I'm done with this, nigga." No more." Look at this, man, Brooklyn is new. It's innovated. They got the Barclays Center in the hood! You know what I did right across the street from my hood? You know what I did right across the street from my hood? I bought a cupcake, nigga, a cupcake. It was $8. It was good! It was good. I'm not gonna lie. Recently, I turned 30 years fun. Mm! Whoo-hoo! And my grandmother asked me how I felt about it. Naturally, my answer to that question was that I felt nothing because that's how she raised me to feel, nothing. Uh, but I was thinking about, you know, all the achievements in her life when she was my age. Um, primarily that she had found a man who said that he would pay her bills, like he's Ryan Seacrest or some shit. That's gonna work really great on the coast. That's actually a reference to a Los Angeles billboard. He found a - She found a man, uh, who would pay her bills for the rest of her life, support her children, et cetera, et cetera. And I know at this point in the game, if I were to meet a man who would pledge to pay for my existence until I fucking died, uh, the first thing I would do with all that sweet scratch is go down to one of those kiosks in the mall and get a shirt custom printed up that says, "This is what a feminist looked like." You know what I'm sayin'? I can't afford morals. I can't even afford to eat organic. So, gents... you're gettin' a lot of bishes come up in your face, right? Talkin' about how they hate being catcalled. To which I say, "If those bitches didn't want it, they shouldn't have been born with two X chromosomes." Am I right, dogs? But personally, I really love it when a guy catcalls me. And I love it the most when it's a little fella. You get a little fella comin' up to you, just this little fella comin' up to you, and he says, "Hey, mami. Hey, baby. Hey, baby. Hey, mami. Hey, mami. Hey, mami. Hey, mami. Hey, mami." He's so cute, you know? I just want to pick him up. And I want to put him in my pocket, you know? I want to pick him up, and I want to put him in my pocket. And then I want to take my hand and just start applying more and more pressure to my pocket. You know? Until I can feel his tiny, little bones break under the weight of my claw. And I can feel his fucking blood rush down my leg. And I can just absorb his spirit, goddamn essence with his last breath, you know? Because I'm not his mommy. I'm infertile. Bye. The last time I got dumped to my face, like, in-person, awful! Like, this guy - I guess he was tryin' to be nice or some shit. But he, uh, he was just like - This is all he said. He said that I was too much woman. That's all he - "Too much woman!" And then he just left. Like, has anyone heard that? Have you been given that phrase ever, too much woman? At first I was like, oh, okay. This guy thinks I have like four vaginas, like 30 Fallopian tubes, estrogen seeping our of my pores 24/7, which, uh, that might be true, actually. I don't know. I don't know how the female body works that well. I just live here, you know? Well, but then I went to - And, uh, I typed in the phrase, "Too much woman." They were straight up. They were real as fuck! Urban Dictionary was like, "You're fat! You have big thighs! No one's ever gonna love you!" And, uh, you know what? Hey, guess what. They're not wrong. I have big thighs. Secret's out. I'm not a thin woman. And I have big thighs. Whoo! Uh, hey, uh, here's the thing, though. Real talk... I'm gettin' real with you. Uh, my thighs - favorite part of my body. Whoa! Whoa! Did she just say that? Yeah, that's right. I love my thighs. I love my big-ass thighs. My thighs almost killed a man. How many of you can say that shit about your thighs, huh? My thighs literally almost killed a man. I was, uh, I was sitting on his face, you know, because I'm a grown-ass woman. And I want to cum! And I was sitting on his face. And about, like, a minute in, he gets a full-on panic attack, legit, fuckin' real-ass panic attack, like in the movies! No! Yes! I had to, like, get a paper bag and everything. He couldn't fucking breathe! He couldn't breathe! Drowning in my flesh! Not gonna lie. That was, like, the most turned on I have ever been, just the wettest I have ever wetted. My parents got us this place. Like, they bought us all this booze. It's our prom. It's 1999. We're only gonna be 17 once. Like, we're fucking going crazy. Oh! Hello! This is me and my crew. We been singin' for 5 years. We were discovered at Six Flags, Six Flags, Germany. We love you, Six Flags. Girl, I'm so happy you here. I'm so happy you came to the show. I'm so happy you're in my house. - I love you, baby. - We love you, too. This is a song for you. It's called "Get Out of My House." We love you. Good night. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 