Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e1 - Thunderstorm at Babe Island - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Thunderstorm at Babe Island - full transcript 
 Comedians Solomon Georgio, Eric Dadourian, and James Austin Johnson share a house called "Babe Island" in Los Angeles. They have a houseparty & stand-up comedy show in the garage with Clare O'Kane, James Adomian, Alice Wetterlund, and Brandon Wardell. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Yeah! Oh! Welcome, everyone! All right. Welcome to my house. Welcome to beautiful Highland Park. This is where I live. I'm Solomon Georgio. This is James. Hi. He's one of my boys. My other boy. My other boy. Eric - he also lives here, as well. I'm a comedian - Eric Dadourian. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I live in this beautiful house with Solomon Georgio and James Johnson. What's up? My name is Thomas. I work at Sonic. I love to rollerblade. It's my job. Thank you for having me, "Room Raiders." I love to fuck. Louis C. K., David Cross, Marc Maron all lived in a house together in Boston. And they would all, like, help each other write and like give each other, like, tags on jokes. And, like, James and Solomon and I will be, like, smoking cigarettes on the front porch, and we'll - it'll just feel like, "Oh, we're gonna know each other forever." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There's comedians coming in and out of town all the time. Some people stay here for a night or two, and that's definitely preferred. And then... People will stay for like two months. Yeah. Living in L. A. and, like, making it happen with this career is very hard. Yeah. And yeah, we've had some, like, extended stay. Paula Poundstone. Paula Poundstone. Paula Poundstone was here for, I think, 13 months? So, we're here in beautiful Highland Park. Tonight, we're throwing a great comedy show here in this beautiful garage, which we have spray painted. And I've got a lot of great art in there. Let me tell you what. Uh, this is a dick that I spray painted onto this mattress from memory. My boyfriend, Josh Androsky, used to live here. I spent a lot of time with these balls in this particular house. I wrote "Cosby" here in the corner. I don't know if you could just kind of peek that. That was my tag name for a long time when I went to art school. And this was before, you know, all the sadness. I mean, it was going on at the time, but we didn't know. You know, we were in the dark. The holes are from when we were all teaching ourselves how to shoot arrows for no particular reason. From what I've been told, the lore of this house, many a comedian have lived here. There have been many different types of shows. Um, it's gonna be great. I think this is perfect. We've got the low ceilings, we've got the nice lights. we've got the shitty art. And 20 to 30 chairs, which will hopefully all be full by the time night falls. If not, then you've wasted a lot of money, Rupert Murdoch. We've only got one line going. I'm gonna shoot that - that GoPro right there. Yeah. You'll shoot somebody's eye out! Look at that shit. So close. Sorry about your camera lens. Guys, please eat your crusts! Please. Guess what, guys. Let's do that goddamn show right now. Come on, let's go. Give it up for Solomon Georgio. Solomon Georgio. Ah, you guys, I'm so happy you're all here. Welcome to my beautiful, beautiful home. I am Solomon Georgio, AKA, Swallowman Whorgio. Um... I, um - mm, something about me. Uh, gay. I'm gay? Am I? Let me check, double check. I'm openly gay. Well, you know, I take a break, uh... when I can. I, um, I did come out to my parents when I was 18 back in the year 2001, you know, before it was cool. They're both African immigrants. Uh, so I don't recommend telling them that you're gay at all. Uh... Write them a letter. They can't read. Thank God. But of course, my father got upset. And he said - he literally said "God hates gay people." It's wonderful to hear those words 'cause I'm an atheist. And telling me that God hates gay people is like telling me a ghost hates my shirt. Like, I don't... ...I don't care. I don't believe in ghosts. So, they can think whatever they fucking want. But, okay, let's say I'm not - let's say - let's say there is a God. Then why do I look like a perfect angel? What's - Are you kidding me? He hates me? Get out of here. What are you talking about? If he really hated gay people, every gay person would have little, tiny baby legs... ...and these gigantic hulk arms they have to walk on, with just faces smeared off to the side. And you're like, "Oh, my goodness, God must hate you." "I know! Look at me!" My nipples are hard as fuck right now. I'm ready for this show. Every time I do comedy, every time I'm on stage, there's a certain point, if the show's going good, that my nipples get hard on stage. But right now the first time it's ever happened is my nipples are hard before the show. I've never experienced this before. My nipples, they're hard right now, and it's a really scary level of euphoria for me. Oh, my God, thank you so much, guys. Wow. Welcome. Welcome to our house. Wow, yeah. Talking to my mom. My mom's like my best friend. I saw her on Mother's Day. She's so critical of me. She said, "Oh, my God, you look like, uh, al-Qaeda's graphic designer." Is that true? It's true, huh? I do, huh? A little bit. Okay, so, I'm not - I'm not, nor have I ever been al-Qaeda's graphic designer. Uh, I was ISIS's cinematographer for a very short spell, for just a brief period. Uh... It was touch and go, you know. It was - I left - I left due to creative differences of course, you know, on both ends, on both ends - for me and for them. Uh... You know, I didn't really like a lot of their politics. They didn't like the way I was framing the shots. They said I was cutting all the heads off. I said, "I'm the one?" I said, "I'm - excuse you!" I said - no, I got mad. No, I got mad. I said for a second, "No, excuse you. Who do you think you are?" You know? This town, baby, this business, I don't need it. No, no, no, no, it's too much. I can't take it. Well, my name's Eric Dadourian. Thank you so much for coming to my house. Hey, what's up? We're Nirvana. Welcome back to "120 minutes with Matt Pinfield." We're Nirvana. Hey. What's up? People say we're the voice of a generation. I'm always like, "What even is that? That's, like, messed up." Like... We don't even make music. That is so windy. Well, you know one rule about a party - you can't have a party without a party boy, so please give it up for Brandon Wardell! Whoo! And, so, I've - you know, I've recently - recently started wearing this, like, iPhone 5/6 charger around my neck. You know, keep a spare 4 on me in case your girl needs a charge, you know? You know? You know. You know, though, you know, I don't keep an Android charger with me, though, 'cause, you know, I ain't fucking with these Android hos. Hey! Hey, you know. Hey. I - I think AMBER alert should be the term for when there's, like, too many white girls at a party. Um, I, uh - So I do comedy for a living, which, like, affects your perception of, like, what amount of money is okay. All right, like, somebody, as, like, a sad thing on Facebook, posted, uh, "Hey, did you know teachers only make $35,000 a year?" I saw that. I was like, "I didn't know teachers were rich as fuck. What? That's crazy. That's a real number? Damn!" Sometimes I forget that I'm a woman. Not that I don't know that I am, but I just don't really think about it, uh, unless it comes up. And it only really comes up in shitty ways. It never is a good thing. It's never, like, my clit twitches, and I'm like, "Uh, there's trouble a-brewing. This is gonna be a good day today." It's never that. It's always something shitty. For example, I was recently at a comedy show, and I was watching a young man go up on stage to work on his craft. And he was talking about the whole Ray Rice debacle. Y'all remember that shit? Ray Rice, if you don't remember, was a football player who made a big whoopsie... ...and he hit his girlfriend and it was caught on camera. And this guy was talking about it, and regarding that, he said something like, "If women wanted to be treated equally to men, uh, then they should learn how to take a punch." Check, please. Like... And I really wanted - I really wanted to be, like, a good woman about it and get up and be like, "I don't think so." But the audience was like, "Yeah! Yes! I like it!" And then I just kind of sunk back in. So let's talk about it, you know? Let's talk about this issue. Let's have a sort of a dialogue - more of a monologue - about it, and let's just say, for argument, for shitty argument, that fighting someone half your size is not a fair fight, right? Let's just say that. Hey, thank you. Wow. Thank you so much. Like, Mike Tyson versus the dancing baby from "Ally McBeal" is not a fair fight. Oh, is that reference current enough for anybody? You don't remember the first GIF? World's first GIF, baby! Dancing baby! Like, it was cool that it was a dancing baby, but why did it have to dance like that? 'Cause nobody else - first of its kind. And I'm not saying that all women are dancing babies. I'm not. I'm just saying that our bodies are built differently. They're way better. They're so much better. It's true. They're so cool to look at and interesting and complex. Much like, I don't know, maybe, like, the Great Barrier Reef. Or, I don't know, maybe, like, the rainforest. Or other things that have been destroyed by a man. Whoo! Profound. Um... - Party people! - Party people! Something very unique is about to happen. We're gonna have something called a rap battle. So I'm gonna need my rhymers. Who can rap? It's gonna be a rap battle, but use nothing but compliments. Y'all can handle that? It's gonna be a rap battle, but use nothing but compliments. Oh. Y'all can handle that? Michael vs. Marcella. All right, Mike, you going first. Give it up for Curtis Cook! I'm 24 years old and I'm super baby-crazy, and I don't know what's wrong with me, right? Like, two nights ago, I had sex with my girlfriend. I fell asleep, I woke - and I had a dream where I was just on the bleachers to a Little League game, feeling proud. I was so happy. And I looked out, and I was like, "Come on, red team. You've got this. Win it back." And this dude next to me was like, "What are you so excited about? Your kid's team is losing." And I was like, "Yeah, but my kid is trying and trying his hardest, so I'll support him through anything." Then I clocked that dad in the jaw for talking shit about my baby. And I woke up in a cold sweat, I shot out of bed. And my girlfriend did that thing where you love somebody so you check in, but you don't want to have to open your eyes. She's just like, "Are you okay?" And I was like, "Yes, but I had a dream. We have to get you pregnant." And then she shot out of bed, looked me right in the eye, and said, "You're ruining my life." So that's where we are right now. This is - I'm so grossed out right now, honestly. I need to go home and, like - actually, my shower's kind of gross. That's the only bad thing about my apartment. Does your house have a mattress laying in the living-room floor? Dude, get a shot of the mattress. It's like, "Hey, can I crash here for a while? I'm a fucking keyboard." Alice Wetterlund. Uh, it's such a fun house to be at, right? It's cool. It's like a fun place to live - mattress on the floor. But it's like, what if you get a cold in this house? If you get a cold, do you just go right to the hospital? Do you go right there and you just ask them to kill you immediately? "My house is made of germs." I travel, uh - travel quite a bit. I hate traveling for too long, especially if I go to somewhere lame. I was in Montana. Anybody been there? Been to Montana? Were you really there? Did you see any black people in Montana? No one ever has. I've asked that 1,000 times. Um, what'd you do, Montana? It's really weird. I grew up in cities. I don't like being somewhere where there's only white people. I don't like being some- It makes me uncomfortable. You know what I mean? 'Cause if you're in a place where there's no black people at all, you - then I know I'm getting a DUI. Do you know what I mean? 'Cause I... You know, bored-ass cops. Nothing to do. And I did. And so I was in Montana longer than I wanted to be, and that's how I discovered this really cool type of music that probably you haven't heard of yet, but it's gonna be your favorite thing. It's called new country. Yeah, I know. There was ol-There was country, and now that's old country, I guess, right? Go to the buffet. You're old. 'Cause new country is the shit, all right? If you've heard one new-country song, you've heard every single new-country song. Basically, it's the same general premise, and that's great, right? Every single song is basically like, "Hey - hey, man. Hell, what the fuck? I'm just like you. I'm just fucking - we get it. You know what it's like to be, like, fucking down home, buttons up, shirt - pant one leg at a time, motherfucker. You get it. I'll just drive down a road. Maybe it's a dirt road. I don't give a shit, 'cause I'm American and normal as fuck. I don't know about no Wi-Fi. I don't need no Wi-Fi. What's Wi-Fi? I don't know. I don't need more than a smaller child and chicken fry 'cause I'm just an average, normal, run-of-the mill - I'll fall in love, get my heart broke. Small-town girl - You know what I'm saying? It's fucking - I'm a normal, average, run-of-the-mill, just like you." It's like you're an alien trying to blend in. That's... ...what it sounds like to me. Wait a minute. What? All right, that seems like you're definitely an alien. There's a song on the radio right now, on new-country radio called "Dirt." The song's called "Dirt." Do you guys know what it's about? It's about fucking dirt. The song is about dirt. Yeah, we - no, 'cause we're not from space. That's not a thing you write a song about, you fucking space person. All right, you guys, thanks so much. I'm Alice Wetterlund. When you're in a place like this and it's raining, it's even grosser. Like, a cozy place becomes more cozy. A gross becomes 8,000 times grosser when it's raining outside, because the only way this place could be worse is if it was wet. And it's gonna get wet. We're coming down fast. Hold on! I seen a squall like this once. Hold on, folks! Hold on! Don't let your laughter float away. If you're sitting out there with a beer cup, cover it up. You don't want any water in it. What the fuck? I feel like I'm in the first 20 minutes of "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald" by Gordon Lightfoot. Here we are in millennial times. I want to know who the asshole is at Newsweek magazine who gets to decide when there's a new generation that needs to be shamed and categorized. Like, do they freeze him and they, like, get him out of ice every 12 years, and he's like - he's like, "I can feel my body. It must be time. Bring me the young ones. Let me examine them for failures. This one doesn't work hard enough." Shut the fuck up. I live in Los Feliz, right near here. It's a great neighborhood. I live in Los Feliz because I'm gay and I'm also Armenian, and that's the only - it's the only neighborhood where those are allowed to overlap. Everywhere else in Los Angeles, they're like, "Armenian? What?" or, "Gay? No such thing." But Los Feliz is halfway between Glendale and Silver Lake. They're like, "Let's come to an arrangement of some kind." Los Feliz is a good neighborhood. It's not perfect, though. You see some rough stuff sometimes. The other day, I saw an accident. I saw a smart car get t-boned by a guy walking and texting. The smart car was totaled, but luckily the iPhone had a pretty good case on it. And I heard they're gonna keep it out of the court system because they're both writing partners on the same sitcom. I'm taking Los Feliz down a notch. In my neighborhood, there's - there's a crazy guy who walks around yelling things, and nothing he says is wrong, though. Like, everything he says, I'm like, "Yeah, I agree." Like, he was walking around, yelling things like, "The banks are criminal organizations that are cannibalizing the country!" And I'm like, "Well, duh. We all know that. It's just 4:00 in the morning. That's all." Then I heard him one time. I swear to God, I heard him shout a lyric from a Talking Heads song. And later in the day, I heard the Talking Heads song, and I was like, "I knew it. That's - I - He - That's what he shouted." it made me realize that the Talking Heads - their lyrics just sound like what a crazy guy shouts in the streets, because what he said was, "There is water at the bottom of the ocean! This is not my house! This is not my beautiful wife!" What a night. All these treats we've had, all these things we've done, all the drugs we took, all the booze we drank. But you know what? Every night has to come to an end. And I want to say to you guys, "Get the fuck out of my house. Turn the lights off on your way out. A diva's got to get her rest." - Curtis! - Curtis! Curtis! - Curtis! I'm gonna do a keg stand? Yeah, we're gonna lift you up. Is there enough people for - Yeah, yeah. Can someone explain the physics of this first? You guys got him? Does anybody get - Is it going? Are you drinking? One, two. - Three. - We need to count down from 20, right? - 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, - Give it a few pumps. 11, 12... It's rotating. 13, 14, 15, 16, 17... - Oh, my God. Oh, my God. - He's kicking! He's kicking! Let him down! Let him down! - Oh, my God! He's coming down! - Oh! - Oh, my God! - Oh! - Yeah! - Oh, no! - Oh, shit. Oh, God! Aah! Hey, go Vice. America. Hey, thanks, everybody. Well, that's not how it's supposed to be done. That's so great. No, that's not how it's supposed to be done at all. You do it. Okay. Do you guys think my shoes are still okay, or no? Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 