Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e2 - Dong Bumping at Sylvan House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Dong Bumping at Sylvan House - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome, everybody. Welcome to our house. Welcome to the Sylvan House. Bang, Bang, Sylvan Gang. We're at the Sylvan House where dreams come to die, and then inevitably are revived by cocaine and whiskey. We got a great lineup of comedians for you - a lot of my roommates here. The reason we're all here tonight. And we got this house here. We want it to be a place for comics who are traveling from other places and need a place to stay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They're always welcome to stay with us. I've never even fucking been down here, right? It took VICE to get us into our backyard. Who's in attendance right now? Uh, you have the finest dirtbags in San Francisco mixed with your highest level tech professionals. You can tell who's who 'cause they're wearing the same clothes, only the dirtbags actually found them and the tech folks bought them from tiny little stores that used to be mom- and-pop businesses. It's a pretty good mix. Everybody's between 24 and 27. We've got a lot of women hotter than me. I'm a little bit frustrated by that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I thought I specifically said in my rider - only 6's and below. But feminism aside, there's a lot of hotties out there. - Oh! - Oh! - No! - What the fuck? It's like doing a show at a youth shelter, but everyone works at Urban Outfitters, you know what I mean? They all need case managers and antibiotics. But I love them all. I mean, it's known for being a shitty place in a good way, but it's really not that bad. But I guess it kind of is. This room, I once made out with somebody. We were gonna go all the way until he ripped my bra in half - my favorite bra. I called it quits. I've done a lot of dishes in this kitchen. No one ever asked me to, but again, I can't be in a place for too long if it's not clean enough. Of course, there's nothing I can do about this. But part of me kind of wants to jump in it. Mm-hmm? Do you know I made out in your room once? - What?! - Yeah. Not with you. - I know. - But with someone else. Wait. Mmm, I thought I told you. Yeah. No. You didn't. What happened? Definitely on your bed. But, OJ, tell us about living in this house and why you left. It was the best time of my 20s. - It was. - And then I turned 25 and I had to get the fuck out of here. We've had as many as, I think, 15 people at one point. Let's see, right now, Alex, Spencer, Stokes, Ash, Andre, Zach. - Kollin. - Kollin, Andrew, Andrew. - Jocelyn. - Jocelyn. Joe. - And then... Michael whenever he's drunk. - Michael whenever he's - - Yeah. Yeah, and then just an endless stream of bodies. People who are just on a constant crashing. - Phil's fucked up. - Phil's really fucked up. How do you f-f-f-f-feel, Phil? How do you f-feel, Phil? Phil, how do you feel? Here we come up to the war room where these dummies create stupid ideas that are always pretty funny. I've slept on this floor several times. I actually once brought my own vacuum up here because I wanted to sleep on this floor and not get someone else's pube in my mouth because that's happened. I can't even tell you whose this shit is. - Yeah. - It's everybody's. That's the community bed. - Well, yeah. That's why you should never sleep in it. - Ever. - It's fucking disgusting. Yeah, so this is home for me. I haven't had a bed since I was, like, 22, but this is the closest thing. Like, when I think about, like, coming home and going to sleep on something, it's like this, for sure. The bar that we were running stand-up at, in the 1980s, it used to be this comedy club called the Holy City Zoo, and all these famous guys came out of there, like Robin Williams, Dana Gould was there, Patton Oswalt was there - all these great San Francisco guys we look up to. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Holy City Zoo tonight. We've got onstage Marc Maron and Patton Oswalt. We kind of developed this crowd of, like, younger people. Just like broke people wanting to have a good time. Robin Williams came one time and he did a set. And then he told us, he was like, "It's just like the Zoo used to be." People are just texting, lighting up. Have a moment without it! You can take a picture, but fuckin' have a moment that's right now! - Yeah! - Yeah! For old time's sakes, before, people are like - Hi, I'm an incidental tourist. I'm taking - I have to film this because I don't want to fucking remember what actually happened. I'm telling my friends you were onstage so they'd think I was cool, you know? They're just gonna think, "What an asshole." I don't know, man. He changed the trajectory of what we were doing, for sure. 'Cause we were like just a bunch of dirtbags in a bar, and then he came, and people heard about it, and then it was, like, we were just packing it out. We were just, like, you couldn't even walk in there anymore. He really helped us out a lot, and it was cool because it's, like, we all love San Francisco so much, so it's cool to be, like, a part of that comedy, like, legacy or whatever. Me and this guy, we started comedy together in a pizza place in San Bruno five years ago. - Whoo! - Yeah! The baby boy from old Hanoi. Everybody give it up for David Gborie! Let him hear it! I was at a bar the other day and I saw a bunch of girls in this bar. And women get to do the best things. Women get to do the best things. I saw a bunch of women at this bar and one of the butt songs came on. You know the butt songs. Don't be coy with me. You know the butt s- I like big boots with fur and I cannot lie. One of those songs came on, and all these girls started butt-dancing together. And they were having so much fun. They were just - "Oh, my God, Karen, I can't believe we're doing this on a Wednesday!" They were having so much fun. And I just appreciated the camaraderie of it because men don't have that. We don't have that thing. Like, there's no song that you could put on right now that's gonna make me and this dude bump donks. Right? There's no song. And I think it would take the edge off. You know how great it would be if me and my boys could just go out after a hard week, crack a couple of cold ones, and bump wieners till the morning light? You know how good that would feel? We could change the world! Me and this dude bump dicks right now. We might solve racism. That might happen. You want to try it? Don't look away. No, you've been ch- No. Gray shirt. You've been chosen to start the dong-bumping revolution. Don't hide from it. Where would be if Malcolm X had hidden from it? Come up here and mush wieners with me. Mush wieners with me. All right. I'm just gonna - I'm gonna beatbox it, and then we're just gonna - I've never done this before. I'm gonna beatbox, and then we're gonna like - Okay? - All right. Okay, okay. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I feel so alive right now! This is what Bernie Sanders feels like all the time. Damn, bro. Hello, everybody. If you guys don't know, we're here filming our eviction. It's too bad you can't smell on camera, but this whole place smells like feet and weed. There's some dog mixed in there. You guys smoke weed? Yeah. I can speak up for myself on why are the reasons I smoke weed, right? And they can be like, "Why do you smoke weed?" And I'm like, "Uh, because I'm trying to pretend that I don't hear my roommates masturbate?" Oh! This guy! Right? Or I could be like, "Why do you smoke weed?" "I don't know. I'm trying to convince myself that these SpaghettiOs are amazing." I can be like, "Hey, why do you smoke weed?" And I'm like, "I don't know, 'cause sometimes you like giggling like a little bitch while I'm watching these reruns of 'Sister, Sister.'" I just got this shirt very recently. Even more recently, came into the understanding that this is in fact a woman's blouse. And so the way that I figured this out is because the buttons are on the other side. I did not know that men and women's clothing has the buttons on the other side. It seems pretty pointless. To switch it around seems kind of confusing. And you guys may be thinking, "Andrew, really, you're just deflecting right now of the real question of how did you not know that the shirt you were buying was a women's shirt," and it's - "Well, because I found it on the ground." So... It's our big, messy house full of comedians. If you look around, we've got all these frames here. They're all empty. That's by design. These are self-portraits, and it's because we're empty inside. This is everybody. Hello, everybody! - Hey! - Hey! - Hey! - Quiet! Be quiet! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We need to make the clappers go. - Silence. - Shh! - Silence. - Shh. We're gonna clap it on. - Wait for it. We're real poor, so that's our idea of entertainment. Let's see. We got a bunch of samurai swords. We do. Actually, I have a bunch of samurai swords. Oh, because when I pay you the rest of the rent, I get my swords back. I sense a theme, all right? Okay. Fine. Maybe - Oh, and someday they'll turn my cellphone back on. I get it. You know what I do? I hang out with the Andrews - Andrew Moore and Andrew Holmgren. I don't wear camouflage. I wear the Andrews. You understand? You know? 'Cause if I wear the Andrews, then the police got to stop and re-aim and make sure they don't hit no innocent bystanders. My rage is so fucking mitigated by a wonderful fucking lifestyle. I had kale and quinoa salad today for lunch. My shits are so smooth, I can't really be mad at nothing, you know? I suppose I should clear up any confusion. I previously referenced a girlfriend and now I'm referencing boners. I've made it all. I've done it - I've done it all. Made lady parts wet, dude parts hard. You can put whatever sexual label you want on me. I've tried them all on. They all fit pretty well. Yeah! I do have fond memories of being with men. Very fond memories of dude sex. I remember one time, me and a fella were doing it. He said, "Caitlin." He said, "Talk dirty to me. Make it racist." Uh, here's the thing. Uh, when you are in bed with a black man, and he says "Talk dirty to me, make it racist", one word. He wants you to say one word! There's only one! And I can't! I can't do it. It's not even that I won't. I'm a white liberal. I physically can't. N- n-n-Nnnn. Nnnn, Nnnn - NPR. But I didn't want to let my man down, you know? So this is what I did, this is what I did. I just reached out and I choked him. Just a little bit. I just choked him. And I said, "This is what I'm gonna do to your economic and educational opportunities for generations." Oh, my God, baby. I'm gonna make sure you grow up in a neighborhood without a supermarket. Oh!" "Baby, think about it. If I died of natural causes right now, you'd spend the rest of your life in jail. Oh, my God!" "Can I touch your hair?" "No." And then I did. I touched his hair. We both came. I'd love to now do my world-famous Seinfeld impression. You guys ready for that? Yeah? Seinfeld? - Whoo! Yeah! Yeah. Ooh. That was very good. That was very good. I wasn't sure how it was gonna end, and you, Robert Downey, Jr., killed it. Iron Man! Iron Man! Iron Man. Iron Man. Very good. Basically, um, I'm down for, like, whatevers. Um, it's like, if you want party, that's cool. I'm down for, like, whatevers. Like, you want to go dancing or whatevers. I'm down for, like, whatevers. But like, you know, like, for real, like, a lot of people - Like, a lot of people think I'm Dutch. But I'm not Dutch. This is my impression of something. I don't know how to describe it, but this is my impression of it. Yeah, man. I was hanging at the shore last night and seen this fine girl walking down the street. She looking good, too. She looked thick, but she looked good, though. You know, she had the ass. Ass looking good. She looking fine. I'm thinking to myself, "Yummy!" This is my impression of a man who does not use phrases correctly. Eh, you know that movie "High Fidelity"? That's a good movie. I liked that movie. Hey, what'd you think about that movie "High Fidelity"? I liked that movie. What'd you think about that movie "High Fidelity"? Oh, you didn't like it? All right, more for me. You didn't like it? More for me. Hey, man. What, are you, like, trying to do some commercial recording - Yeah, we're doing a TSA, actually. We're doing like an anti - - Video camera. Anti-drug and alcohol campaign, actually. VICE is trying to do anti-drug and alcohol campaign. Hey, man. This is what your face looks like on drugs. But seriously, do you have my Swishers, though? Look, when you get down to it, I'm an uptight person. We've got all kinds of funky stuff going on in this house, and I'm not really a funkster, you know what I mean? I'm just a - I'm a square guy, you know? Who, you know, doesn't approve of a lot of the things that go on in here. And, um, also, uh - Are you painting something? - Yeah. - What are you painting? It's, uh, Spencer. He lives here. That I approve. I think that's neat. - It's all right. It's also neat that you're using - He's using a flyer as a palette, too. Or a - It's a palette, right? - Yeah. - Yeah. That's neat. That's really neat. I paint pictures of comics for like 60 bucks a piece. These are sociopaths that that's the only thing they'll spend their money on. Comics who won't like, pay $4 for a drink to keep the venue they like open will buy a portrait of themselves. It's great. I live in the closet. And it's all right. It's ridiculous - $200 a month rent, and that's the best deal in the city, baby. I was homeless before that, so this is where I'm at now. I slept just outside on the streets. People abandon so many beds in this city that if you just walk around for a while at night, you will find a bed to sleep in outside. And I would just hit shit-tons of mikes. Mike, mike, mike. Sleep. Mike, mike, mike. Whatever. I wasn't too scared 'cause just being in the comedy community, I know there's people that recognize you can be a sleazebag and still be a decent person. It's easy being homeless for me 'cause I'm a scumbag. It's just fucking whatever, man. It doesn't bother - I smoke cigarette butts I pick up off the ground. I don't care. It doesn't bother me. Other people would be disgusted. They'd be like, "Zach, uh, there's probably human urine on that cigarette." And I go like, "Eww. My poison's dirty. Ugh." The fuck is wrong with you? I'm lighting toxic chemicals on fire and then inhaling them. You idiot. That'd be like if I was going to shoot myself, but then I dropped my shotgun in the mud, and I'm like, "I'm not putting that in my mouth." No, sirree. I want to live another day. Fucking assholes. Oh, it's good to see you. I was gonna wash my hair for this, and then I remembered where I was going. I just feel really uncomfortable right now being away from my purse. There's a lot of fucking drifter garbage in here. Nope. Get out. Get out. Out, out, out, out. Out, out, out, out. I'm going. I'm going. - Done. All right, man. Get out. I.D.? All right, you can go. - Thanks. Enjoy your flight. Everything is fucked. Everybody sucks. Fred Durst was right. - Whoo! It's true. Who knew? Who knew he was the voice of reason in a backwards red baseball cap? Who knew? This is something that I like to call Freeform Stand-Up. Freeform Stand-Up. It's a bit like jazz. Here we go. Tank tops, barbecues. I don't know, man. Give me a break. Budweiser, hairy arms. What's your ethnicity? That's not okay to ask. I'm Asian. Can you tell? I don't know. My mom's dead. Budweiser, Bud Light, Miller High Life, Miller High Life. Where's my dad? Has anyone seen my dad? I don't know where my dad is. Dad! I'm in the mall. We're in the mall. Hot Topic, Zumiez. Gimme some of your - Do you guys remember those oxygen bars in the mall? That flavored air, baby. Walk into Zumiez. Get high off that flavored air. "Mom, I sniffed blueberry today." I think that's good enough. How'd you like your set and how it went? Uh, I thought it went pretty okay. You got some applause breaks. Still gonna cry later, so it's like - Well, you're old, so that's what you're supposed to do. - Yeah. - And stuff like that. Well, would you do anything different about your set? - No. - No? I probably wouldn't have touched my pussy so much on camera. But didn't it feel good? Whoo. And your Filipino mom's gonna see it. - She's dead, dude. - Right on. All right! Cut. Are they any tattoo artists in the building? - Right here, right here, here. - Oh, shit just got real. - We got trouble. - No, not me. No, not you. Not me, neither. - I'm a human. - You're good, I'm good. Hey! People, people, people! - What? - People, people! There's an opportunity here. VICE will give someone $1,000 - - Yeah, I got it! - Here! We want you strip down and run through this whole house. Son of a - Yes! Yes! Yes! - Oh, shit! - Yes! - $1,000? - Dawg. This is - Oh, my God, dawg. No, it's not. No one's giving you $1,000. Yeah, man. Come on, you're hot. - Fuck it! - Just do it! - Whoo-hoo! - For the party, baby! Whoo! - Yes! - Oh, my God! You have the hairiest dick I've ever seen in my lifetime. These are empty picture frames. These are not empty picture frames. That is us in there! Oh, my God. This is fucking crazy, dawg. Yes! Woo! Oh, my God. R.I.P. R.I.P.! I mean, he is wearing a poncho playing guitar. This is the most Bay Area thing ever. The only thing that could make it more Bay Area if he was eating a burrito and had HIV. That way! Get the - I have a stun gun. Shut the fuck up. - What? - I have a stun gun. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 