Flophouse: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flophouse 
 s1e6 - Hand Warmers at Comedy Compound - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flophouse (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Hand Warmers at Comedy Compound - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Denver, Colorado, How are we tonight? That's right. You're the best goddamn comedy crowd in America. - I'm so fucking cold. - So fucking cold. I'm wearing every jacket I own. We're in my home in Denver, Colorado. This is my carriage house where I live. Nathan Lund, one of my best friends, he lives across the way. We have lived here for about three years, got my championship title here, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Denver Comedy Champion. I've held on to this for the last six months. I'm 4-0. Some would say I could defend the title more often, but you know the big fights, they take a long time to be put together - the title matches. There's a lot of red tape. The lawyers have to get involved. Kevin and Mara live above Nathan. I live, uh, up, uh - where that fire escape is, I'm right there. That's my office. Where I jerk off. - What do you do in there? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's his jerk office. This is my patio. We call it Little Havana. I've been to Denver a couple of times. A lot of great people - You got old man Jenkins upstairs. You've got Tommy Tutone in the basement. Looks fake, doesn't it? Get that that butt. Get that that butt. The Denver scene is probably one of the friendliest, if you're also friendly, right? Everyone's real kind. Everyone's real stoned. Yeah. This is just the coolest place, I think, in the country for comedy. Us and San Francisco - I think we throw it down pretty fucking hard. We're not trying to stab you. There's - there's no one here. There's no industry. There's nothing here to make you be like, "hey, fuck him. I'm gonna stab him in the back and get whatever I want." You know, like, we're - we're - we're family here. Here you can be kind of a big fish in a medium-sized pond, and get tons of stage time, work really hard, and it's also like a bigger sense of camaraderie here. I think people want to see each other do well. That's definitely what makes this place a little bit more special. You get tons of stage time. We get free weed from our sponsors a lot. So here we go. We've got some great Denver Relief brand - Bio-Diesel - killer Denver weed. I smoke it, and they're paying me for it literally. A gravity bong - A Denver institution everyone, just like me, Sam T. Look at all this weed, y'all. Don't puke! Jesus. Oh, man, it feels like someone cracked an egg right in my thorax. These are all of my best friends. This is such a dream come true, it's stupid. It's the coolest. I, um - Especially back here. Yeah. Because usually back here, all we do is smoke weed and play Settlers of Catan. I really think stand-up now is like the fourth wave of American punk rock. Like, it's just a bunch of people on the road, like honoring favors to friends, like keeping promises, sleeping on floors, doing shows for gas money. Like, man, yeah, I just fucking love stand-up so much, man. It's the best. Uh, we're gonna go fire it up and make this money. In five minutes, please be seated, all right? Get a cold one, spark it up, pop an E tab, whatever you got to do. Fingerbanging is encouraged. Oh, fuck. Oh, my God. Fuck. I might - I might poop someone else's pants, man. I am fucking turnt right now. I'm a little afraid, honestly. I've been high before, but this is like the kind of high that you go home from work from. This'll ruin your shift at Jimmy John's. There is the right amount of LSD, where you eat a Starburst, and you realize that love is the answer and compassion is the key, and we're all one, you know. And then there's the wrong amount of LSD, where you eat a Starburst, and then you just wander around the neighborhood ruining quinceañeras you were not invited to. There's that. And I was that guy on LSD in Lawrence, Kansas, recently, everybody. And if LSD came with a handbook, all it would say would be, "Have fun. Throw on some Foghat - or if your younger 311. Uh... And whatever you do, do not consume in Kansas. That's all it would say on there. And I ate some in Kansas, and I'm in the back of this car, right? And I'm just fuckin' cruising in the back of this cosmic turtle and we get pulled over by a cop. And he comes up to our window, even though at the time, I considered going up to his window. I don't know. I don't know if anyone has made that move, but it is right there. And he says to the driver a very simple question. He says "license and registration." And the driver gives him the complete wrong answer to that question, because when the cop says "license and registration," uh, the driver says "those aren't things I have." That's what he said. That's a direct quote. "Those aren't things I have, where do we go from here?" That's what he said. And when he said that, like you, I started giggling real hard. And the cop hits me with the flashlight and I go full fuckin' raccoon, just And that's not what a cop wants to see in the back of a car, is a 300-pound nocturnal predator. So he asked me my name, right? He's like, "what's your name?" And here's the thing. I'm on drugs in a different state. My fuckin' I.D. is folded up really fine and shoved right up my urethra. You know, I don't - I don't - my name, it's fake name time, piggy, right? But here's the thing, I'm on a lot of drugs, so I'm like, "my name..." What's the name? Diablo! That was the first name that came to mind, and I rode it out. I fuckin' saddled up that reindeer, and I rode it from rooftop to rooftop. And he is a professional cop though, right? So he said, "all right, spell it smart ass." And I said... "D" as in... Diablo! "I" am Diablo! "A" as in, "anybody seen Diablo?" "B" as in boysenberry! "L" as in... El Diablo! And "Oh, shit, there's a gun." Here's my hands. That's the time I joined the Aryan Brotherhood in Kansas everybody. That's right. Who's ready for a TV show? Come on, everybody! Denver Comedy, blood in, blood out, let's get this fuckin' show started right now. This is Vice. Welcome. We're in Greece right now. Welcome to "Vice News." We're making a pipe bomb. We didn't have any pipes, so we're making a bong. Crush it, Urist. Crush it, Urist. - Crush it, Urist. - Crush it, Urist. You know that went better than I thought I was going to. All right. Aaron Urist, everybody! What's happening tonight, everybody? How's it going? Welcome to this cold-ass courtyard. Uh... Recently I've been hearing people use the phrase "white girl wasted" a lot but like it's a fun thing to do. Like, it's destination for a quality evening, - a solid weekend. - Right? "Let's get white-girl wasted tonight. Whoo! It's Friday." And I don't want to do that with you. That sounds terrible. do we have to? Is that the best we can do? I want to get "Japanese businessman wasted." I want to get "recently divorced Mall Santa wasted." There's better types of wasted to be. I want to get "magician who accidentally actually disappeared a child wasted." "Panic drunk" - we can do better. White girls don't have that much to teach us about having a good time. Not to offend the white girls, I know - I know you've had it rough recently. It's okay, though. you won't remember this, so.... I started comedy here in Denver, Colorado, 12 years ago, and I still live here. You get to a certain level of comedy, and you're expected to sort of graduate and move on to a bigger scene. You know, I started to get all the things that you want as a comic, like the Comedy Central Spots and my friends would have a TV show coming out, and we kind of - we did it all from Denver. So I was always just like, "Well, why? why do I've to move to L. A. or New York to 'make it?'" Stage time is incredible. You can get up so much here. Adam Cayton-Holland! It's allowed me and other comics that you'll see on this show to just really get to a high level. Vice rented two porta potties for this event. They don't realize that this is Colfax. This is the street that Playboy named the most wicked street in America. This is the boulevard of broken fucking dreams. This is hobos and Kerouac, and now condos and terrible things. I guarantee you there is a fucking APB out to every homeless person on the Front Range - from Ft. Collins to Pueblo - "two fresh shitters, hipster comedy show, get to them! Clean up, shit there, wash yourself, they'll be gone by morning." Every Greyhound station is abuzz about these two shitters. Fuckin' buyer beware. Just, girls, take a guy with you to that shitter. Don't do it alone. I recently was in a PetSmart commercial, guys, 'cause my career is fuckin' skyrocketing. So I was in this PetSmart commercial, and it was actually really cool. Like, it aired all over the place. Well, my brother got a call from a friend of his, this black lady who lived deep in the South, who told him that she liked my commercial. She saw it and she liked it, but she didn't like how white she thought I was talking in the commercial, which pissed me off, 'cause I only had two lines in the commercial. The first line was, "this is our flea and tick section." And the second line was, "how bad is your infestation?" How the fuck are you supposed to black that up? What did she want me to do, I'm a corporate spokesperson for a pet company. Does she want me to be the worst, most-stereotypically-terrible PetSmart employee ever? just like, "psh, hey. Hey, nigga, you like parakeets, nigga?" "Got to hook-up on those 'keets, nigga." Just like slanging mixed tapes in the back by the fish. "Hey! Hey, homey, hey! Hey, homey, hey! Hey, yo, come back after we close, man. We gon' fight all these dogs." This is fuckin' ridiculous. It made me so mad. Because what kind of stupid self-hating shit is that? You know what I mean? Like, 'cause here's the thing, right? When you're black however you dress, however you talk, whatever you like, whatever you're into is black, because you're black. And when you're black, you're always black. And what does she think, the police won't beat the shit out of you because you're wearing Ugg boots? Get the fuck out of here. You guys might have noticed Sam helped me up on stage. I have a disability. I have cerebral palsy. It's just a very sexual gimp. You know, it's very sexual. You're welcome. it affects my life. I have a lot of people - mostly the biggest problem is, I have a lot of people say a lot of dumb things to me. For instance, like, Sunday morning, I had this couple come up to me. You could tell - they were dressed really nice, had their gold crosses on, you can tell they just came from church. I'm like "oh, these people." They're like, "oh, sweetie, did you hurt your foot? Did you hurt yourself?" And they were trying to be helpful, and I appreciate that, so I was - I was kind to them. I was like, "no, I'm fine. Thank you so much. I did not hurt my foot. I was actually born this way. God hurt my foot, so just..." "He's quite the craftsman." You know, like, "tell him I said 'thank you. he's really good.'" Oh, yeah, I've been in a lot of relationships, and, like, I always thought I had a good grasp of, like, what love is, and, like, selfless love. But I recently saw something that made me rethink all that. I was in line to get some bagels at this bagel shop everybody goes to get bagels on Saturday morning after they hooked up on Friday night, which totally makes sense. Bagels are the perfect post-hookup breakfast because brunch, you got to wait in line for like two hours, and then it, like - it can take an hour to eat. You're like, "holy shit. This is like three hours of enduring this mistake." but a bagel, you can like power-eat a bagel under duress, like, "well, I'm never doing this again." I'm just going to swallow this whole like a snake and eat this away." So I'm standing behind this couple. It's these two dudes, They're standing there, and they've got their arms around each other. And, uh, the one dude takes the other guy's hoodie drawstring and starts like playing it over his face - the hoodie wearer's face - like, "ooh, how about this?" And then he starts feeding it to him. He starts putting it in the guy's mouth, like putting the hoodie drawstring in his mouth. and I'm watching all this silently, and the only thing I can think is, "I have never been in love in my life, like, ever." "I've never even, like, been close to loving another person." Holy shit - If you tried to feed me my own hoodie drawstring, not only are we not getting bagels. We're never speaking again. I'll just cruise silently and walk out to my car. Yeah. Yeah, me and Sammy, we've known each other since 9th grade, man. Happy birthday. Yeah, we fuckin' started a fraternity together. Yeah. We slept together at football camp. A bunch of weird roughnecks back then. Now you're the best man at my wedding. Yeah. I was in a Lyft the other day. I got in this Lyft. There was an old white woman driving, and it was a minivan. And I get in, and this white lady, she looks me up and down, and she says, "do you mind Christian music?" And she said it so bitchy that I couldn't take that, so I was like, "no, turn it up!" 'cause that's the kind of person I am. And then, in my head, I'm like, "why are you arguing this?" Is this the hill you want to die on, David?" "Yes, it fuckin' is." So what I did to get under her skin, I started pretending like I knew the words. Which is surprisingly easy with Christian music. While I was singin' those shitty songs, it made me realize, Christian music is the major reason I think God might not be real. Why is it so bad? Why is it so bad? Like, you can convince your only son to die for our sins but you couldn't hook up a Kanye West beat? - Where do you guys jerk off? - Library. Airport. - Universal stacks. - Nobody has ever done it there. - Airport bathroom. - Airport library. - Oh, so you can do it there? - Oh, man. - Gborie where do you do it? - What? - Chair or bed? Oh, he doesn't do it. He finds it disgusting. I just hold it in. He's just so angry at that age. That's why I'm always shaky. Where do you jerk off? Oh really - I don't - I don't really keep track. Other people's beds. It's just - There's too many to count. Next time you guys jerk off, all you're gonna be thinking about is how your friend is doing it. Uh, I love to do comedy. I love to do it. I, uh - one of my favorite things in the world. For those of you who aren't comedians, there is a space between the jokes where you just so alone up here, and laughter doesn't exist, and you'll never see your family again. Uh, and in that space, people will say really dumb shit in an attempt to get to the next joke. And one of my favorite ones of those that I've ever heard was - I was at a club. There was a guy, he's an older comedian. he was telling some joke. And he gets kind of halfway through it. And he's like, uh - he's like, "Yeah, I'm getting older. anybody else getting older?" Yeah. Literally everyone on the planet is growing older right now. What the fuck are you talking about? That doesn't make you sound like a stand-up comedian when you say that. It makes you sound like a vampire trying to fit in with humans by doing stand-up comedy. Like, at that point, you might as well come out and be like, "Is everyone else growing old at a normal human rate?" "Anyone else living a life unprolonged by dark forces, as I am?" "You're losing them, Mikhail." - Nathan Lund, everybody. - Nathan Lund. Uh, yeah, I don't have any money, uh, so I live - so I haven't moved away from here yet. Uh... I'm hoping to make a little bit of money, though, uh, with the product I've invented. Hopefully you guys will see it in stores soon. Clear mustard is what I've invented. That's right - clear mustard. And before you ask, "why the hell I wasted my time developing clear mustard?" How about I ask all of you a question? When is the last time you enjoyed a hot dog while wearing your favorite shirt? Yeah, never. I knew it. You've never done it before because you're always afraid of the possibility of the mustard stain. Not anymore, baby - Clear mustard. Both of these jackets are covered in mustard right now. And you had no idea. Yeah, so it's good. it's pretty good. So, yeah, check it out if you see it in stores - Clear mustard. I'm calling in ham sanitizer, so check it out. Please welcome one of my favorite comics, Stephen Agyei. Yes, how is it? Okay. What did God say to the elephant? "Don't eat the cheese." I'm kidding, they don't speak the same language. Okay. What do you call a horse with stripes? Horses don't have stripes. Okay. A man with one arm and one leg goes to the store to buy a TV. The salesman says, "what happened to your arm and your leg?" The man says, "I lost it in the war." The man asks, "what war are you speaking of?" "The machete war." Anyway... ...the man asks, "how much is the TV going to cost me?" and the salesman looks at him and says, "you don't want to know." Okay. I'm just fuckin' with y'all, man. Hey, my friend Brent Gill, everyone. Sam is representing us - a lot of us on this show. And how did he decide to do it at 4:00 today? With a 2-liter plastic gravity bong. I've been too high this whole time. Everyone's a little too high. It's the altitude. And I'm so happy to be in Denver with all these beautiful people, even though I feel like I can never really have a full conversation without it going to space. I love it. Tonight was a dream come true. All my friends were here. a bunch of Denver comedy fans were here. Everyone was hilarious. No one ate shit, and I'm pretty lit. I'm fuckin' so tired. I'm tired. Oh, yeah. I left it all in the field. Fuckin' gravity bong, man. - That was like 12 hours ago. - Yeah. And I'm still - I'm still melted. You know what I'm talking about? Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 