Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung 
 s1e13 - Episode #1.13 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Episode #1.13 - full transcript 
 A mysterious westerner arrives. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Why are you getting all dolled up today? You said you just need to get the sleep out of your eyes before going to work. The weather is nice today. Goodness. Was it winter yesterday or what? Seol-geum. Where is the rouge you bought the other day? "The rouge"? Here you go. You're being like this again. Your Highness, why do you keep zoning out? Please wash your face first. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Okay. Your Highness. Are you okay, Your Highness? What are you thinking about? Nothing. I'm not thinking about anything. Goodness, why is he acting strangely instead of washing his face? I'll see you later. Your Highness. Why are you here so early? Starting today, I'll be here at 9 a.m. unless otherwise instructed. Isn't that great news? Yes. What were you doing here by the way? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Were you meditating? I was trying to cultivate my mind. -"Cultivate"? -To cultivate the inner strength to resist all temptations. It's none of your business. Go on in. I'd like to stay out here. What would a historian do all alone in an empty room? This is actually good. I'm also constantly plagued by temptations these days. Then you stay here. I'll be in the room. Your Highness. What is the matter? Do I make you uncomfortable? -Is it because of yesterday-- -No, it's not that. You see, I... I don't think I should be in the same room as you. Why not? Why can't we be in the same room together? Don't tell me you're afraid that I might bite you. What? How could you say such a thing? -What a flippant remark-- -You should get used to this. To things like this. I'll only get used to it if you do more of it. AMROK RIVER Hey, Kim! Are you back from fishing already? If I were an early bird like you, I'd be filthy rich by now. Kim? The Amrok River, not the Yellow Sea? Yes, Your Royal Highness. He was captured in Uiju and has been sent to the Royal Investigation Bureau. It is very strange indeed. All the foreigners who have drifted into Joseon so far were seafarers on merchant vessels who were headed to Japan. If he crossed the Amrok River, that means he intended to come to Joseon. Hence, the officials in the Royal Investigation Bureau are speculating that he may be a spy sent from the West. Had he actually been a spy, he wouldn't have entered Joseon like that. I should meet this man in person. Your Royal Highness. Officers, what's going on? What is it? Did something happen? Haven't you heard? A foreigner from the West was captured in the northwestern region. "A foreigner from the West"? Come with us. They're interrogating him in front of Dongungjeon. Look at the color of his hair. It's like the fur of a calf. I've never seen anyone from the West. His face looks blanched. He looks so strange. My gosh. All bow to the Crown Prince. Where are you from? Where are you from? Where are you from? Did you come with anyone? Did you come with anyone? Did you come with anyone? Did you... Did you come with anyone? He is reacting to my words. Ask him why he came to Joseon. Yes, Your Royal Highness. Why did you come to Joseon? Why... Why did you come to Joseon? I don't understand Dutch. -What? -He said something. Goodness. What did he say? What is he saying? I do not think he is speaking Dutch. Your Royal Highness, there is nothing we can find out from this man. We should follow the customs and send him to the Qing. No. He came to Joseon for a reason. I am sure he will return if we make him leave. Take him to the Royal Investigation Bureau and imprison him. The Office of Interpreters, find someone who can interpret his words. -Yes, Your Highness. -Yes, Your Highness. -Listen, I'm French! -Let's go. I'm French! -What's he saying? -Do you not understand French? -What's he saying? -Gosh. I'm French! I said I'm French! -What do you think he's saying? -Do you not understand? I'm French! Could he be a Beopranseoin? BEOPRANSEOIN: A FRENCH NATIONAL Gosh, my stomach... My stomach hurts. -My stomach hurts. -What is the matter with him? -My stomach hurts. -What? My stomach... -Look here! -My stomach! Is it here? Here? Is it here? -Get him! -Gosh. Give that back! Take it from him! Get him! -Hurry. -Hey! Quickly! Get him! Get up! What are you waiting for? Shoot. Now! He has been sent to the prison at the Royal Investigation Bureau? Yes, Your Majesty. Go and find out what's going on. Yes, Your Majesty. What? What's going on? Was that a gunshot? Your Royal Highness. -Get him! -Get him! -He's not here, sir. -Not here either. Is he here? I'm not sure. Hey, you are distracting us. Don't you have work to do? Get going already! My gosh. Officer Yang, are you not even worried? A foreign intruder is wandering inside the palace, for goodness' sake. And there are many places in the Inner Palace where he can hide. What if we run into him? That's why you are nothing but just clerks to this day. I mean, back in my day, tigers would come into the palace and lurk around the Office of Royal Decrees, but we still went to write the daily records, did our night duties, and kept on working. Stop making a fuss because of a foreign intruder. It's because you have no idea, Officer Yang. That intruder is awfully good at martial arts, so even when guns were fired at him, he did this and hit the bullets away. He can make it up to the roof in a single jump. And he can move to another roof in an instant with another single jump. That's why even the palace guards are having a tough time catching him. Goodness, what now? Why don't you say that he flies through the skies on a leaf and shoots out strong winds too? I'm being serious. Be quiet and get out on the count of three. Otherwise, I'll make you all do the night duty today. -One. -May I be exempted? Two. Do you want to do the night duty? If I say two, you'll be a step closer to doing it. Officer Son. Can you come to the toilet with me? Again? Okay, fine. Goodness. You're like a child. Look at them. How does he call himself a historian if he can't even go by himself? Wait for me! Look here. how many times do I have to tell you? I apologize. Goodness, those rude rascals. I'm going to tell on you to the Crown Prince! Just let it slide. They're only following the King's orders. Everyone thinks you are a joke because you are so easy on everyone. Tell them, "You rascals! How dare you try to go through a prince's dwelling?" At times like these, you should scold them and kick them in the shins to make sure they fear you! Will I become someone important by bullying my subordinates? -That just sounds like a crazy man. -Wait... Let's go inside. They probably made a mess. Goodness. Those jerks. The foreign intruder! The Western intruder! Wait! Wait one second! Wait! Excuse me! Wait! Let go of me! Someone help me! Darn you. My goodness! I'm going to get you. Wait right there. I'm going to get you. Sam-bo. Sam-bo? I'm going to get you. What happened? Why is he at Nokseodang? I don't know. He just dropped down from the sky. Just like that. You have no time to be curious about that. Make sure you hold him down so that he doesn't escape. I'll go and inform the Royal Investigation Bureau. Wait. Do you have to tell them? Should I go to the Ministry of Defense, not the Bureau? That's not what I mean. If we send him to the Royal Investigation Bureau, he might lose his life. What? That goes without saying. Should we award him with a public office for roaming about in the palace with a knife? He was just trying to run away. It's not like he hurt someone. Your Highness, he's from France. If he came this far, I'm sure he has a reason. Your Highness, you don't have to think twice. He is a Western intruder. If you get involved with him, you'll be taken the wrong way. Apprentice Goo is right. He'll die immediately if we send him to the Royal Investigation Bureau. Your Highness! Did you tie him tightly? -Yes, Your Highness. -Yes, Your Highness. Wait, Your Highness! Please move aside. My goodness. Where on earth did he go? We definitely bound him tightly. Amen. -Officer Min. -Yes? Are you going in to record? Yes, to the King's palace. Go and bring the sachaek. Yes. What were you thinking when you got yourself into this? How dare you bring in a Western intruder into the palace? I apologize, Your Majesty. How is the search going? All the palace guards have been dispatched, but they are yet to find him. Your Majesty. Please flee to Yigung for now. That wicked man drew a sword before one of our officers! -If he sneaks into your hall... -Nonsense! Why should I run away because of a Western intruder? I am sure he has already left the palace. Tell the Police Bureau to close down all the city gates and dispatch the soldiers. He is still inside the palace grounds, Your Majesty. He is a Western man with blond hair. If he had been seen outside of the palace, there would have been a huge uproar among the people. Come to think of it, there was no news of any uproars in the city. Then did he fly up into the sky or disappear into the ground? Over 100 palace guards are after him. Do you think someone might be protecting him? In the past, there were Catholics who were in league with Western intruders. If there's a Catholic in the palace, it would be easy to hide someone from the guards-- He has a point, Your Majesty. There was a cross among the things that were confiscated from him by the Royal Investigation Bureau. That means he must have come to Joseon to spread Catholicism. Starting now, root out all the Catholics that are in the palace. No place and no person will be considered an exception! -Yes, Your Majesty. -Yes, Your Majesty. THE HOLY BIBLE NEW TESTAMENT How dare you bring your armed guards here? Go back immediately! The King gave a royal command to exempt no one. -Please move aside. -These are Her Majesty's dwellings. -You will not take another step-- -Carry out the royal command. Now! -Yes! -Yes! Stop right there! How dare you become suspicious of the Queen Dowager's palace? These are grounds that I govern as the head of the Inner Court. However, His Majesty-- In that case, you can search me first. Undo my breast-tie and search my body first! What happened? I thought you were going to bring him from Uiju yourself. I was too late. He must have been found by the officers before I got there. Things have become complicated. He's only treated as a Western intruder for the time being, but if he ever happens to mention Seoraewon, the Second State Councillor won't stand still. He struggled so much to come to Joseon. He won't open his mouth that easily. We cannot be sure about that. You already know that Min Ik-pyeong is a man who always gets his way, no matter what it takes. I hope this never happens, but if he ever does get caught, you must make a tough decision. The Second State Councillor must not get to him. Not when he's alive, and not when he's dead. Yes, Your Majesty. Hey, that's an expensive incense pouch... I'm just saying. My gosh. Even my wife doesn't touch me this much. Goodness. My gosh, am I allowed to enjoy this? No, not there. Yes. Let's just get this over with. Give it to me. Come on. Come on. -No. -Officer Seong. I don't have anything. Show me your hands. Show me your hands. Leave him. Now, show us the library. What? "The library"? I can't believe this man's nerve. There are daily records in our library. No one other than historians are allowed in. They aren't looking for the daily records. Stop making things worse, okay? Hey, stop! Stop right there. That's enough. See? There is nothing in this sacred library of the Office of Royal Decrees. There isn't even an ant in here. What on... Hey, they didn't even apologize. Hey! What are your names? I'll write your names in the sachaek! How many people were arrested? Eight court ladies who had hidden books on Catholicism in their dwellings, fifteen eunuchs and government officials who had a cross on them, and their families too. A total of 73 people, Your Royal Highness. How... How will they be punished? They will be executed at the royal command. Your Royal Highness, do not blame yourself. They are people who were seduced into the illegal heresy of the Western barbarians. Even if it wasn't today, they would have received their due punishment. But I am the one who stole their lives from them. -Your Royal Highness. -That's all. You may leave. -Please excuse me-- -Stay there... for a moment. Have you still not managed to find him? Well, the thing is... I was walking around looking everywhere, then got caught by a palace guard and was questioned just now. I mean, how does this face look at all suspicious? I look so innocent. How is the Outer Palace? There is much unrest, as they are trying to track down Catholics. But no one said they saw a Westerner. Goodness. Your Highness, you should stop minding him. You've done more than enough. If he had stayed, he could have had something to eat before he died, but he made up his own choice to leave. He has no one to blame. Even so, I still feel bad. He was all alone and wasn't welcomed by anyone. Who... Who are you? Show yourself. Don't be alarmed. It's me. You know me. The Western intruder. -He's speaking. -Wait, I... Are you a Catholic? -Yes. -Since when? It has been a while. Do you know that you could die because of that? And it's not just you. You and your entire family almost lost their lives because of this petty thing. It is not a petty thing. I can even sacrifice my life to protect this belief. Have you ever thought about this? Everyone was born as a human being. But why are some noble and others lowly? Some people starve their entire lives. Some people get sold for money as if they're an animal. But I... Why do I get to enjoy a plentiful life while they shed so much sweat and blood? In Catholicism, they teach us that we're all the same children of the Lord. We're taught that everyone equally deserves respect. I believe that we deserve to live in a world like that. And I don't think my belief is wrong. Oh, my. Thank you. My gosh, don't mention it. What's your name? Your name. You do have a name, right? My name is Park So-hyang. His name is Heo Sam-bo. He's Prince Dowon, Yi Rim. What's your name? Jean Baptiste Barthélemy. What? Jean Baptiste Barthélemy. How dare you make that noise? It's like you're blowing your nose. Hurry up and answer her question. I wasn't blowing my nose. It's my name. Jean Baptiste Barthélemy. "Jean Baptiste Barthéle..." Well, at least we know that his last name is Jang. -Jang. -"Jang"? I thought he was just a wild barbarian, but I guess he has a last name. Hey. Where did you learn our language? I'm a merchant. I sell books from the Qing to Joseon people. Why do you keep talking to me like I'm your friend-- That's not important. So why are you here? Why did you come to our country, Joseon? To get my money. -"Money"? -Isn't it obvious? Someone must've fled to Joseon without paying him. So do you know where that person lives then? -Hanyang. -Where in Hanyang? That's all I know. Do you know how many houses there are in Hanyang? Then what's that person's name? Tell us that person's name. Kim. No, don't tell us the last name. Tell us that person's first name. I just know that it's Kim. He sounds like a lunatic. Anyone who has a sound mind wouldn't think of coming to Hanyang just to find someone with the last name Kim. I'm not a lunatic. My wife's angry at me because I lost our money. I either have to find that money or just die. That's why I came. Can you tell us anything else other than his surname and where he lives? Where did you meet that person? What does that person do? -Books. -"Books"? "Books"? -He runs a book rental store? -Yes. A guy with the last name Kim who runs a book rental store in Hanyang? What does he look like? Does he look selfish and shameless? Are his eyes full of greed for money? Does he talk eloquently and treat you really kindly as if he'd do anything for you? Does he look somewhat like a swindler? He's really hard to like at first, but once you get to know him, you find out that he actually is a swindler, right? You guys know Kim? Don't even get me started. I lost so much hair because of him. I almost got kidnapped by a bunch of roughnecks because of him. I would've had to write books until I died. My goodness. Your Highness, he's a pitiful fellow. He must've been very upset and angry seeing that he even risked his life to come here. Yes, you really must have gone through a lot. Eat up. My goodness, eat up. Eat this as well. -Here. Eat. -Eat up. My goodness. Your Highness. Could we talk outside for a moment? Do you actually believe everything he said? What? Isn't it a little weird? Kim may be a little sly at times, but he's not brave enough to scam someone in the Qing. And he's kind in his own way. You can say that because you haven't dealt with him properly. He almost sold me off to a bunch of roughnecks. I also find it strange that he speaks our language very well. Merchants who buy and sell things in the Qing are all very fluent in Mandarin because they suffer big losses if they cannot communicate. So everyone uses Mandarin to do deals there. So I don't understand how he managed to learn our language. Our pronunciation and grammar are all different. So it's a lot harder for Westerners to learn our language than Mandarin. Well, maybe he just happened -to learn it-- -No. I think he learned our language on purpose. So don't let your guard down and send him away once the chaos dies down. He might not be a merchant. He could have an ulterior motive. You can't keep him here forever. Why are you laughing? I'm just glad to see that you're worried about me. That's what came to your mind in this situation? What can I do? I like it. Look at you two. Don't mind me. Keep talking. I'm on my way to pee. Gosh. Do you know where the bathroom is? Hey, what are you doing? Hey, pull up your pants. Hey, wear your... You barbarian! Hey, pull up your pants! Hey! Hurry up and... Pull up your pants! Pull them back up! -Just leave me to pee. -Wear your pants! Pull your pants back up! My gosh! Hey! Did you see how anxious His Royal Highness looked back in the Royal Palace? It looked like he was about to burst into tears! I'm sure His Majesty will learn this time around that if you leave a kid to rule the country, it will bring about nothing but chaos. By the way, where did that barbarian from the West disappear to? I can't even walk around because I'm worried that he might suddenly show up out of nowhere. My goodness, why are you so worried? The palace guards are standing guard. He'll die the moment they spot him. But then, we won't be able to find out with whom he's been communicating. It's already obvious. There's only one place that the palace guards failed to search today. Are you saying... that it's the Queen Dowager? Officer Seong. I guess your work finished late. Yes. What about you? Are you on night duty today? His Majesty summoned a late-night meeting. I'll finalize your sachaek for you. You should go home. No, it's okay. I can do it myself. One of us needs to review it for you anyway. If Officer Son or Officer An sees it tomorrow, they'll only try to pick on you for no reason. I'll do it. No, wait. Officer Seong. You know very well that what's written inside a sachaek is not allowed to leave the Office of Royal Decrees, right? Everybody knows that. Why do you ask? I just wanted to make sure. So don't let your guard down and send him away once the chaos dies down. He might not be a merchant. He could have an ulterior motive. You can't keep him here forever. Have you forgotten that you're a criminal on the loose? What if someone sees you out here? Don't worry. I won't tell anyone that you helped me even if I get caught. You said that you're from France. What kind of place is it? Do you also have big towers in your country? Like buildings that are as tall as the sky, for example. Well, not exactly. But we do have a famous palace and a room painted with gold. And we even have water that spurts out from the ground. Water spurts out from the ground? Is it like a well? No. Water spurts from there and all the way up to there. It keeps coming out. How does water flow from the ground to the sky? That palace must be really magnificent and majestic. Yes, it is. The King built that palace so that he could boast about his fortune. Isn't it so interesting though? We live in the same world and in the same era, but we live so differently. Here in Joseon, the King gets scolded by his vassals if he lives an extravagant life. He gets scolded if he doesn't study and also if there's a drought. It would've been better to be born as a prince in France. I would've been able to sleep in that room painted in gold. You'll regret it. Why? Is your king also very scary like my father? No. Our king died. The people of our country killed him. -What? -I'm being serious. My parents told me that they saw the king die. How could they kill their own king? He wasn't a good king. He made his people starve. Then what about the next king? Who became the next king? There was no next king. Instead, people got together and made a promise. "Les hommes naissent et demeurent libres et égaux en droits." "Everyone is born free and equal." Then are you from a place where there's no king? Do the people rule the country? Well, we do have a new king now. But he'll probably get dethroned one day because we've finally learned that we can live without a king. My gosh, that's absurd. Hey, Yi Rim. The place where dawn comes to greet you. Do you know where that is? SEORAEWON "The place where dawn comes to greet you"? Never mind. Goodnight. Aren't you the physician? You're the physician I met at Pyongan Province. I was so worried because you suddenly disappeared. Is everything okay? Yes. I can't believe I ran into you here. This is where I live. We really must have been destined to meet. Let's go inside. Let me treat you to something. No, it's okay. Please don't decline. I should do a lot more for you, considering how much you helped me back then. It's okay. Hae-ryung. Do you have a guest? Yes. Do you need something? No. I'll leave you to talk. One moment, please. She's not just any old guest. She's a very important guest. You should come inside and greet her too. Come on. My goodness, who are you so excited to introduce me to? She's a physician who helped me in Pyongan Province. I ran into her in front of our house. Isn't it such a coincidence? He's my older brother. My name is Goo Jae-gyeong. You should treat your guest with something better. Go and bring the herb wine that's in my room. But that's your favorite wine. Yes, I know. Go on. Since when... did you have a younger sister? Your father died before you were born. And the only family you had was your sick mother. So since when... I actually remember something was put into my arm, and I remember it really hurt. They said it'd prevent smallpox. Looking back, I wonder if that was variolation. My father calmed me down by explaining to me that I'd be fine after suffering for a short while. Do you remember roughly when that was? I'm 26 years old now, so it was probably around 20 years ago. She's not... your younger sister. She's... She's... What in the world were you thinking? Why would you? -How could you? -Please don't tell anyone. There's still something I need to do. Please keep it a secret until then. My sister. Jae-gyeong. You're unbelievable. There's hardly any left. How can we give this to our guest? Jae-gyeong? Teacher. Teacher. The place where dawn comes to greet you. Seorae... It sounds familiar. If the person who helped or hid the barbarian from the West doesn't show up... I helped the Westerner. I thought of him as a fellow human being who is no different from myself. Do you think it hurt a lot? Do you think he was scared? You told me that you know where he's buried, right? Can you take me there? How can you call yourself a historian? You did something that a historian should never do. I'll enter the chamber. I want you to bring me her sachaek. I've been hiding here my entire life. I will no longer live that way. Subtitle translation by Liya Choi OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 