Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 EPISODE 9 OFFICE OF ROYAL DECREES You may leave for today. Officer Min. You must record everything. As a historian, you must record everything you see and hear, no matter what it is. Your Majesty. Prince Dowon. Have you been well and healthy? Yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Prince Dowon, you have grown into a fine young man. You truly emanate royal elegance. Feel free to sit down. I apologize. I did not return right away even after receiving the letter that I should return quickly and beg for Father's forgiveness. No. You did the right thing. I was concerned that the King might reprimand you. But you made the decision to help the people, even knowing all the risks that were involved. I am truly proud of you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You are -proud of me? -Yes. You did something that no one else could do. However, refrain from doing anything that may be the cause of the King's wrath. You know what his temper is like. Next time... he will not be so tolerant. I understand. I will behave properly, Your Majesty. You must have had... such a hard time in that faraway town. You have always liked those pine pollen honey cakes since you were a child. I had good-quality pine pollen powder, so I made some cakes with it. I will tell them to bring them in right away. No. It is okay. Actually... I have a favor to ask of you. I have already reached the age of yakgwan. YAKGWAN: MALE WHO REACHED AGE 20 I want to... live outside the palace. Prince Dowon. The palace is your home. Where will you go if you leave the palace? But all my younger siblings have already left the palace. I understand that I was born and raised inside the palace, but I do not think I belong here anymore-- You are wrong. This is where you belong. This palace is where you should be. So please, do not say that you wish to leave the palace. I rarely get to see you even though we both live in the palace. It will be even worse if you leave. I'm back. You left without a word. Now you're telling me you're back? You returned safe and sound, so it's fine. Have a seat. A position has opened up at Sungkyunkwan. You will no longer have to travel to dangerous places or work all day and night. It is not a key position, but the job will suit you. -I'll recommend you as a candidate. -No, thank you. You even turned down the senior sixth-rank position. You've done enough grunt work. No one will say you got to where you are because you're my son. That that I am your son... is already a big flaw to me. Do you still resent me? One day, you will come to understand me. Have just one more, okay? Here. Gosh, I really can't eat anymore. My stomach is about to explode! It wouldn't be so bad to die from a full belly. Come on. Here. Here! You went through all that trouble in that darned town. You should do nothing but just rest and eat well for the next few days. You always make so much fuss over even the littlest things. Oh, right. I left the beef bone soup on the stove. -I'll bring it quickly. -Hey. You have to finish the whole bowl of soup down to the last drop, okay? Hey, wait! Seol-geum. Leave her be. She has been making food in the kitchen ever since she heard you would be returning. I'm truly happy to see that nothing has changed. Seol-geum is still loud, and you're still awfully sweet. Did something happen there? No. I'm just happy, that's all. I should go and organize my notes first, before Seol-geum follows me. All right. "His Highness left Pyongan Province on the day of eulmyo... and arrived in Hanyang on the day of muo. Prince Dowon returned to the palace and..." Father, have you been well? There are historians here. The historians are watching, Your Majesty. It's 5 p.m. It's time to go home Everyone's leaving right on time today? -We should leave too. -Okay. Girls, where are you going? We're leaving for the day too, sir. Today is the day of gyeongsin, which means you must stay awake tonight. We must stay awake? What do you mean, sir? Don't you know the myth? People in the olden days believed that sleeping today shortened your life span. What? "People in the olden days"? I can't believe she called me someone from "the olden days." Then were you born just a few minutes ago or what? But we do belong to different generations. You're the only one born during Qianlong Emperor's reign. All of us were born during Jiaqing Emperor's reign. QIANLONG 1736-1795 JIAQING 1796-1820 But I mean... Still, that should be common knowledge. This is why I can't converse with people who never attended Sungkyunkwan. Gosh. Goodness, whatever. Anyway, people say that you'll be extremely unlucky for three years if you sleep on your first day of gyeongsin after entering the palace. So you should just stay here and lie low. Who believes such a myth in this day and age-- I do! I believe it, okay? Since I'm from the olden days. You clueless kids. -Goodness. -I'm so upset. Gosh, seriously. - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin -And expel the evil pests from our bodies -And expel the evil pests from our bodies - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin -And expel the evil pests from our bodies -And expel the evil pests from our bodies - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin -And expel the evil pests from our bodies -And expel the evil pests from our bodies - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin - Stay awake on the night of gyeongsin -And expel the evil pests from our bodies -And expel the evil pests from our bodies Gosh, seriously! I can't stop thinking about how unfair this is. If we have to follow this custom, everyone should do it together. They'll go out and drink all night. It's so unfair that we have to stay stuck inside the palace. Shouldn't we be used to their pettiness by now? I feel bad for Apprentice Goo, though. She hasn't even had a chance to rest since her return. Exactly. I'm so exhausted. This is exhausting and boring. It'd be so nice if we could have a drink right now. Shall we? Why was that in there? It's wine that Officer Yang hid in here. The palace actually feels quite cozy at night. We're always so busy being rushed around everywhere that I'd forgotten this is home to some people. Still, I don't think I'll be able to live in a place like this. Even a mansion with 99 rooms feels empty and spooky sometimes. This huge palace won't feel like home at all. Does your house have 99 rooms? I didn't mean to brag about it. Yes, I was lucky to be born into a wealthy family. If your family is that wealthy, you don't need to lift a finger until the day you die. Why choose this path instead of a comfortable life? Me? I chose to become a historian because I was so angry. I'll be honest with you. Sure, my family is rich, but everyone in my family is a mess. My father left us when I was a child to go and live with his mistress. And all my brothers are either drunkards or gambling addicts. Those troublemakers often end up at the government office. And my mother... She's the worst one of them all. Whenever she sees young, fit men... Anyway, I thought, "Everyone in my family does whatever they want to do. Why am I the only one who has to be stuck at home all the time?" I was so angry. Is that why you took the examination? So that you could also do what you wanted to do? Apprentice Song. I've been very curious about something. As the daughter of the Section Chief of Personnel, you were famous. Everyone praised your beauty and said that you'd make the best wife in Hanyang. I heard that many wealthy and successful men wanted to marry you. Why did you reject all of them and decide to stay single? Because I didn't want to live like a flower. That is how noblewomen are expected to live, you know. Like a well-kept flower tree, a beautiful painting, or an ornament inside the women's quarters. I didn't want to live that kind of life, nor did I want to trust my life to a man whom I didn't even know. Wow. I'm totally with you on that, Apprentice Song. Let's be honest. Isn't it ridiculous? We're the ones getting married. Why do parents think they can choose for us after exchanging a few letters? Exactly. They should at least let us speak with the guy beforehand. What if I end up marrying a crazy lunatic? Will someone else live the rest of my life for me? That's what I'm saying. So you all have no interest in getting married? Well, I wouldn't say that. I don't want to marry someone based on their credentials alone. I want to meet someone I can truly like and marry him because I'm so in love with him. That's what I meant. I'm not sure how I feel about marriage, but there is one thing I want to do before I die. What is it? I want to fall in love with a good-looking but crazy man and have a crazy, passionate affair with him. What? Haven't you all thought about something like that at least once? All right. Be honest. Raise your hand if you've ever imagined dating a handsome lunatic. Me! I have thought about something like that. Me, too. Gosh, not me. No, never. Yes. All right, ladies. -Raise your glasses. -Right now? -Cheers. -Cheers. Your Highness. What are you doing at this hour? Today is the day of gyeongsin, so we have to stay up. You're expected to stay awake on the night of gyeongsin. It's said that evil pests live in our bodies. Apparently, they leave your body when you're asleep on the night of gyeongsin. Then they ascend to the skies and tell the gods about your sins of the past 60 days. Then the Great Jade Emperor shortens your life span based on the weight of your sins. Is that why you are staying up all night? Pardon me? Are you afraid of the punishment? Not at all. Why would I believe such an old myth? I was told that I'll be unlucky for three years straight if I sleep on my first night of gyeongsin after entering the palace, so I'm staying up just in case. Why do you keep chuckling? Aren't you still awake for the same reason, Your Highness? I went to the library because I couldn't fall asleep. I see. All right, then. Enjoy your books. Good night, Your Highness. Wait. I've committed so many sins over the past 60 days that I may never wake up if I fall asleep tonight. Hence, I need you to keep me awake all night. -Me? -Yes, Clerk Goo. You. Look who's afraid of the Great Jade Emperor. I didn't doze off, I swear... Your Highness. Your Highness. -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! Your Highness! Your Highness! Hey. Goo Hae-ryung. Goo Hae-ryung. -Goo Hae-ryung. -Yes. -Goo Hae-ryung. -Yes. Yes, what is it? I apologize, Your Highness. I was still half-asleep. I apologize, Your Highness. -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Your Highness! -Oh, my. -Goodness. His Highness did this again! Gosh! You! Stop right there. You, Goo... -Your Highness! -Your Highness! This is crazy. I must've been out of my mind. What on earth did I do? Your Highness, what on earth did you do in this open space where everyone can see you? Try to come up with an excuse at least. I'm so embarrassed that I cannot even-- -Sam-bo. -Yes, Your Highness. She smells nice. I'm talking about Goo Hae-ryung. She smells so nice. Gosh... Gosh. How come you're totally fine? I guess it's because you're young. Your Royal Highness! What do you mean? -Gosh! -You scared us! Where are Apprentices Oh and Heo going? They were told to come to Dongungjeon at this early hour. I sent them because they were summoned, but I'm getting a bad feeling for some reason. The Minister of Justice has a point, Your Royal Highness. We should decide according to the precedent -from the year of muin -- -What are you waiting for? Inform him immediately. Your Royal Highness, the Crown Princess-- We are discussing governmental affairs. I will visit her chamber later, so tell her to leave. No, I do not want to. I've lived in the palace for 15 years now. Do you think I'm still naive enough to believe that? Princess. You may enter. What do you think you are doing? -You may leave. -Don't you dare leave. What is the problem? Weren't they hired to record all the affairs of the Inner Palace? You send the female historians to the Queen Dowager, the Queen, and even Prince Dowon, who does nothing all day. Yet are they not allowed to hear or record the words of a mere crown princess? -I did not send them to you because-- -Right. I am sure it was done out of your thoughtful consideration for me. Whatever you do, you always say it was for my sake. Then answer this question. There are only a few days during the year when we can sleep in the same room, but you always put it off. Is that also for my sake? I told you that I had to take care of an urgent petition last night. What a bizarre coincidence. Why is it that such important petitions are only submitted on those days? I understand that it probably sounds like an excuse to you. But looking after governmental affairs is more important to me. What's the use? You don't even have an heir. Princess, watch your tongue. Yes, all I do is bite my tongue. When I speak out, people say a princess who produce no heir is making excuses. And when I raise my eyebrows, people say that the overbearing and vicious crown princess is putting you down. Thus, all I can do is live in silence as if I don't exist. It has been 15 years since I first entered the palace as a little girl. I never asked for your love, Your Royal Highness. I only asked that I be able to give you an heir. I begged you numerous times to give me a chance to do my duty. But how did you respond? You rejected me countless times. You never embraced me, knowing that I'd be blamed for not being able to conceive. I am blamed because you don't have an heir. I am also blamed for your lack of affection. Do you know how I feel when everything, from the turbulent political situation to the famine... is blamed on my lack of virtue? I want to go out to the streets and shout from the top of my lungs that I cannot possibly conceive the child of a man I barely get to see. I never thought about how hurt you could be by my actions. I sincerely apologize-- No, I don't need your apology if you don't mean it. You will end up apologizing to me again next year and the year after. Then what can I do... That is the next date. Please take good care of your health until that day so I can conceive your heir. If you ignore my earnest request once again... you really might see me on the Street of the Six Ministries. STREET OF THE SIX MINISTRIES: CURRENT DAY GWANGHWAMUN STREET Princess. Did you write down every single word? Yes, Your Royal Highness. Come outside with me. Apprentice Heo. I need water. Hey, what's going on? What's wrong? What is it? Did you have to go through another hazing ritual? No, it's not that. A couple's... A couple's fight. What? "A couple's fight"? The Crown Prince fought with the Crown Princess? My gosh. Show me what happened. Give it to me. Now! She really said these things? Yes, we wrote down everything we heard. Her Royal Highness kept on snapping at him and asking, "Did you do this? Did you do that?" I broke out in a cold sweat. We did write down everything as we were told to do, but what should we do with this? Do we have to leave this in the records? I'm not sure. We never wrote down anything like this before. But this can hardly be called a fight. His Royal Highness was just yelled at... You should cross it out. We record the history of the royal court, not of someone's embarrassment. You're right about that. This has nothing to do with politics. But aren't we also here to record everything that happens inside the Inner Palace too? I don't think we should classify what should and shouldn't be left out. She's right. If she was called in, she should record everything. A historian shouldn't cross out something they wrote. Think of it from another perspective. We call this a couple's fight, but Her Royal Highness used female historians to pressure His Royal Highness. We can't leave such a precedent. -But the rules are-- -Wait, quiet! This isn't a matter... that a senior seventh-rank can decide. Chancellor! Chancellor... Goodness, there you are. Goodness. Why are you making such a fuss in the palace? You have to take a look at this. Female historians got called in and returned with this. What is it? -This is... -What should we do? Should we leave it in? Or should we just cross it out? -Chief State Councillor! -Chief State Councillor! Chief State Councillor! Chief State Councillor! What should we do, my lord? Officer Yang. What did he say? Do we cross it out or leave it in? The Chief State Councillor said, "This isn't our decision, because we hold other positions. The Hanrim should make the decision." That's so cheap. Are they going to stay out of this? They always make all the important decisions, then say we're in charge in times like these. I told you before that if we got female historians, I'd have to clean up all the mess they make. My gosh, those old fogies. Why did they let them go to the Inner Palace? So what will you do? I gave this a lot of thought and came to this conclusion. Officer Min needs to make a decision on this. Even if this causes trouble later, you won't suffer that much. -I... -His Royal Highness is here. Your... Your Royal Highness... Officer Min, I must speak with you. Do you remember? When I was younger, I begged the eunuch to let me go play at your house. I never imagined that I would marry your sister, whom I met back then. Are you asking me to erase it? This is why you're my old friend. You already know what I want. She brought the female historians in order to threaten me, but she meant every single word she said. She came to show me how she feels, to show me that she's in pain, and that she wants my attention. I do not want that image of her to be on display for future generations. I know I shouldn't ask you to do this. But can you erase the record... for her sake? You already know that I cannot do it. What if I become angry? What if I order you as the Crown Prince? That, too, I must write in the sachaek. You haven't changed a bit. An inflexible man of principle. I'm sorry, Your Royal Highness. No, I shouldn't have asked. Your Royal Highness. Please do not resent Her Royal Highness. I do not. She's stuck inside this palace, waiting for a husband who never shows up. I understand why she is angry. So even if everyone else points their finger at her... please take her side. She's a lonely person. Move back. More. A little more. Just a little more. Right there. Now, look. Hae-ryung and I were sitting about this far apart. We were reading books, like this. Then I fell asleep like this. Then morning came, and I opened my eyes like this. Hurry. Come on. -My gosh. -Roll over. -Roll over. -My goodness. Anyway, that's what happened. Think about it carefully. Do you really think that she lay down next to me by accident? She did it on purpose. It's obvious that she did it on purpose. Right? No one rolls around like that in their sleep. I'm sure she purposely... So what exactly is your point, Your Highness? Are you saying you're going to use this chance to date Apprentice Goo since she obviously has feelings for you? What are you talking about? I'm a prince, and... My point is that I don't have any feelings for Hae-ryung. You can't fool me. I've been working in the palace for 40 years. And I've witnessed so many love affairs between court ladies and eunuchs. Let me tell you how you look. "Did Court Lady Kim smile at me? Or did she smile because I look funny?" You look like Eunuch Park, who once stayed up all night thinking about that. If you really want to win her heart... I, Heo Sam-bo, will do my best to help you, Your Highness. How exactly are you going to help me? Don't tell anyone. There's a secret method that's passed down among eunuchs that's known to work every single time. I'm sorry. He's going to use this to tease me for days. Your Highness. This is Apprentice Goo Hae-ryung from the Office of Royal Decrees. You may enter. Why did you wish to see me? Don't forget. The way you look at her is the most crucial part. You must look at her intensely and say this with a passion in your eyes. "I will make you mine." This is how you need to look at her. Your Highness. I don't quite understand what's going on. By any chance, do you feel unwell? Or are you trying to scold me? What? If this is about what happened earlier, I'd like to sincerely apologize for my actions. It happened while I was sleeping, but I still made you feel uncomfortable. But please don't use such a peculiar method to scold me. It's very embarrassing. From now on, I'll be careful not to get too close to you, even if it is by accident. So please forgive me. Sam-bo, that ridiculous man. I wasn't scolding you. I was neither angry nor offended. I... I don't mind... keeping you near me. So... do not distance yourself from me. I mean... That doesn't mean you can lie next to me when I'm asleep. I'm just saying we should stay close while keeping the right amount of distance. You may go now. You may go. What are you doing? You just came home. I wanted to wake myself up because I stayed up all night. It’s because of the night of gyeongsin. That doesn't look like the case to me. What's bothering you this time? Is it because of that senior first-rank? No, that's not why. It's just... Hey. The thing is, I can't stop thinking about what he said to me. My gosh. Why? What did he say? "I don't mind keeping you near me. Do not distance yourself from me." What's his problem? He's so ridiculous. Just because he's good-looking! What's that man's name? Why? If he likes you, he should be straightforward about it. How dare he try to play hard to get with my lady? My gosh, I should teach him a lesson. That was a confession of love? Of course. It's obvious. He likes you but he's not confident enough. That's why he's just beating around the bush. So tell me. What's his name? I'll spread ugly rumors about him. His name... Clerk Yi. Clerk Yi? Okay, got it. It's been a while, but I should gather my ladies. Clerk Yi? Do not distance yourself from me. -You wanted to see me? -Come and sit down. I must have underestimated that woman. What do you mean? I sent my men to Pyongan Province, but they lost her. There were swordsmen waiting, as if they knew my men were coming. Who do you think they are? She always appears and disappears elusively without your knowing. I'm sure ruffians are protecting her. No, that's not what I think. I think she's gathering people from Seoraewon. SEORAEWON: A SCHOOL THAT TEACHES WESTERN STUDIES If you think about it, it makes sense. She may have the support of Queen Dowager Im, but she can't possibly have that much power outside the palace. My lord. Everyone who used to study at Seoraewon is dead. You know that. You also thought the same thing until we found out that she was alive. I want you to be in charge of this case. You know about Seoraewon better than anyone. Yes, my lord. -Lead the way. -Yes, my lord. I'm surprised to see you here. I didn't know you were a Buddhist. Please wait. I'm not done praying. Is this the place? Yes, she was here until yesterday. Who's there? That's enough. Are you okay, my lord? You may leave. Princess. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Dongungjeon? Again? Yes, all four female historians were summoned to Dongungjeon. What is it this time? Why does he need four female historians? Do you think His Royal Highness is preparing his revenge? Maybe he wrote down and memorized what he wants to say to the Crown Princess, right? He's not you. Why would he memorize what to say to her? He's obviously going to scold them. I didn't think he'd be like that, but he's a man who holds a grudge. You'd all better be careful of what you say. Tell him that all of Hanrim, especially myself, wanted to cross out the conversation. But that Officer Min over there insisted that it be kept. Okay? Answer me! Okay. Okay. Forgive me, Your Royal Highness! I really didn't want to write down the conversation. But the Crown Princess didn't give me any choice. I mean, I tried to have it erased from the sachaek. But Officer Min told us not to erase it. Please forgive me. Did you think I called you here to scold you for that? Isn't that why? Sit down. Open it. This is a red writing brush. Is this a gift for us? Yes, female historians are known to have used that brush to record all the merits and flaws of the royal family. I'm giving you those brushes as a gift so that you will not forget your duties. -Thank you! -Thank you! Are you really okay? Your private conversation was left as a record. So why aren't you scolding us instead? Of course, I'm not okay. I still feel quite humiliated. However, you are my subjects. I hired you all myself. I'm glad that you have become historians who are fair and just. Oh, right. I have one more thing that I want to give to all of you. Jin, what brings you here at this hour? Come with me. Let's go and shoot some arrows. "Shoot some arrows"? I will decline today. I'll make a fool of myself in front of the female historians. Don't worry. We're free from them for today. What do you mean? I gave them a day off. I told them to get some fresh air by the valley outside Sukjeongmun. My goodness. -What's the matter? -Your Royal Highness. Do you really not know what that place is known for? What? That's where the guards go to take baths after they're done with their military training. It's a famous place that women visit to enjoy the sight of those well-built men. Really? I guess I unintentionally let them have some good fun. Let's go. Let's make sure you get at least one good shot today. Come on. Hae-ryung. Bull's eye! It's your turn. -My goodness! -Oh, gosh! -This is incredible! -My gosh! -My goodness gracious. -Look at that! My gosh. -No, stop! -Come on. Hae-ryung won't be like that. There's no way she'll be like that. No way. My gosh. -Apprentice Goo! -Apprentice Goo! Those stupid guards! Pardon? Bull's eye! Your Highness, did you just... Rim, your arrow just hit the bull's eye. This is so nice. It's been so long since we had a break. I'm not even asking for a day off once every two days like the court ladies. But it would be nice to have a day off at least once a month like this. It'd be nice to spend a day without seeing our superiors. I agree. Where did it go? What's wrong? Is something missing? I brought the meat, but I forgot to bring the charcoal. -What? -What should I do? Should I go back home? No, it's okay. I'll go and find some firewood. Wait here. -My gosh. -Oh, no. -My gosh, everything's getting wet. -Goodness. I was worried about you. I can tell how you feel. I can tell how you feel about Prince Dowon. How dare they do this to the Office of Royal Decrees? Only one man in the Ministry of Personnel would mess with such matters. Aren't you even embarrassed? I'm giving you a chance. I want to know if you think about me, if you even take notice of me at all. I actually lied to you once, Your Highness. Because I had an ulterior motive. I want you to look into Third Inspector Goo Jae-gyeong. I'm not like you, Father! I can't forget about Dan-yeong or the things you've done. I ask for the impeachment of First Historian Min U-won. Subtitle translation by Ja-won Lee 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 