Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 EPISODE 10 Apprentice Goo! Apprentice Goo! It looks like the rain will stop. You should go. The rain stopped. No, I'll help you get back. You're completely wet. How can I let you go by yourself? I'm all right. Oh, right. I heard tigers live in this mountain. -Tigers? -Yes. So let's go together. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I didn't think you'd be that scared. Are you that scared of a tiger? Scared? Who's scared? I'm a prince of this country. A tiger can't-- Over there! I should have known when you offered to walk with me. Forget it. I would rather go alone and get eaten by a tiger. Do you want me to hold your hand? It's not that I have an ulterior motive. Whenever I climbed mountains as a child, my brother would always hold my hand. Then nothing scared me anymore because I could feel that someone was next to me. I don't have an ulterior motive for doing this either. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's because of the tiger. Where did she go? Think something happened to her? Apprentice Goo! We were so worried! Why did you come so far? Oh, because I think I dropped something on my way here. -Where could it be? -What is it? Shall I find it for you? No. It's all right. You can go first. I'll find it in no time. Don't be too late. Apprentice Oh already finished a bottle while it was raining. Come on, Apprentice Heo. -You two should go, then. -Okay. -I'll be there soon. Don't worry. -Okay. Your Highness. -Right, Apprentice Goo! -Yes? You don't have to find any firewood. All right. Then see you soon! Let's go. Your Highness. -Seriously? -I apologize. I was in a hurry. Even so, how can you push a person? You're pretty. I mean, I was talking about that flower. That flower is very pretty. I know. I have a mirror at home too. You're really... Your Highness. I was just joking. Officer Min. SENIOR-SEVENTH RANK OFFICE OF ROYAL DECREES You got here early. Then I'll go and tidy up the library. Wait. You need to rewrite the wimu journal. Pardon? Again? I already rewrote this twice. I read it over ten times to see if it was different from the daily records. Why do you keep asking me to rewrite it? -I don't even know what to fix anymore. -I can tell how you feel. I can tell how you feel about Prince Dowon between the lines. This time, rewrite all of it. Okay. "I can tell how you feel between the lines." Is he a fortune-teller or something? How can he possibly read my feelings? My gosh, he's so inflexible. -Hello. -Hello. Why are you coming out from there? Because I live here. What about your father? He'll be here soon. Hey, wait. Clerk Song. Come on. Apprentice Song. APPRENTICE: GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL NOT YET OFFICIALLY APPOINTED You know there will be changes in the personnel. If your father asks how good the officials at the Office of Royal Decrees are, tell him that I'm the brightest and most diligent official. -Just tell him that. -I'm sorry. I don't like lying. That little brat. Good for you. You must be happy to be born in a prestigious family. -Hello. -Hello. What made you come this far? Let me count how many of you are here. There are so many of you. Okay, make way. Yes, sir. Sir, I'm Second Historian Hyeon Gyeong-muk. -Hello. -I'm Park Gun-su. -Okay, hello. -My name is... My name is Kim Chi-guk. Hello. I'm Kim Chi-guk, a senior ninth-rank who's always ready to work hard. Please remember me. My goodness, hello. You and I are from the same school. Please support me. -Don't forget. My name is An Hong-ik. -Let's have fun. -Let's drink. -Hello, sir. Please don't forget my name. It's An Hong-ik. -Hey. -Hello, sir. They're your juniors. What are they doing? Sir, my name is An Hong-ik. They should be ashamed of themselves. I'm the youngest historian there ever was. My name is Kim Chi-guk. Please remember my name. -Sir, my name is An Hong-ik. -I'm Kim Chi-guk. An Hong-ik. Kim Chi-guk. What? Your wife's sick? A memorial service? You little punks. You only just started working. Trying to get appointed somewhere else? No, please don't get the wrong idea. This place was my late father's favorite place to drink. Oh, I see. I guess your father's soul rests here. Hello, Hong-ik's father! I'll make sure your son learns his lesson! -Get over here. -Wait. -My ear hurts. -No, wait. -It hurts so much! -Follow me. Is that the appointment list? -Yes, I just got it from-- -Give me that! I pray to all my ancestors. I spent so much money for this. Please. Please! What? Where's my name? I bought all those drinks for nothing! I guess I'll just have to die here. You'll all get appointed and receive a pay raise when the time is right. You totally wasted your time and money. When I used to be in your position, I never even dreamed of doing something so absurd. I just worked hard and did my best. And now, I'm a First Historian. Back when you were a senior ninth-rank, you used to chop firewood for the Chancellor, asking him for a promotion. Well, that's... I just needed some exercise. Go write the appointment certificates. -Okay. -Okay. APPOINTMENT CERTIFICATE: GIVEN TO THOSE WHO GET NEWLY APPOINTED There are so many changes in personnel. They're really causing a huge fuss just to get a so-called good position. They just end up drinking like fish. I agree. Obsessing over a rank is all driven by vanity. Why do you have that? Oh, right. Record of Appearance. People have different ranks now, so we need to memorize it again. That's so annoying. Lim Han-baek from the Office of Special Advisors got transferred to the Office of Rites. Jeong Gye-ju from the Office of Diplomatic Correspondence got appointed as the governor of Namhae. Namhae, Gyeongsang Province. SIHEUNG NAMHAE GIMPO BOSEONG Officer Hwang. Some information in Record of Appearance is a little different from the official documents. Which one's more accurate? Record of Appearance, of course. We even check their personal record sheet to be sure. -Really? -There was once a big issue because someone wrote the wrong information. Your seniors already went through everything, so use Record of Appearance to write the appointment certificate. Okay. Where are you going, Apprentice Goo? Official Jeong? Yes, do you know where he's from? Of course. He always goes around boasting that his father is a very rich man in Namhae. "Namhae"? Where was Official Kim from again? -He's from somewhere in Honam. -Is he from Boseong in Jeolla Province? Yes, that's right. He told me he's from Boseong. He speaks in a dialect every time he gets drunk. -Their hometown address isn't correct? -Yes, sir. There are 42 government officials on the appointment list, and 15 of them have different addresses. -What? -Take a look at this. It says Official Jeong's hometown is Siheung. But Record of Appearance says he's from Namhae. -What's going on? -Did Official Jeong get appointed... as a governor in Namhae? How did you know? It's due to the Kinship Act. KINSHIP ACT: A BAN ON PEOPLE OF KINSHIP WORKING IN THE SAME GOVERNMENT OFFICE What? Are you saying the Ministry of Personnel forged their personal information so they won't get caught? The Ministry of Personnel would never do something like that. The clerks were probably drunk and made a mistake. Officer Hyeon, did you check the appointment list with Record of Appearance last time? No. I was jealous of other people getting appointed, so I just wrote down what I got. I want all of you to bring me all the appointment lists we received from the Ministry of Personnel. -Okay. -Okay. These punks. I found one. Seo Sang-hyeong. He got promoted as the governor of Jecheon in Chungcheong Province. I also found two. Yi Chang-du in the Marketing Control Office. Park Gi-taek in the Bureau of Royal Genealogy. There are so many of them. They totally scammed us. I don't understand. Why would they lie about their hometowns just to go back to where they're from? Why do you think? They want to go back home looking all fancy to show off how successful they've become. Then they could even receive bribes from people they know. Those darn clerks. How dare they do this to the Office of Royal Decrees? I'm sure it wasn't done by the clerks. If they get caught, they could get dismissed. They wouldn't have the guts. Then who'd dare to do something like this? They handed over forged documents to historians. Who do you think? Only one man in the Ministry of Personnel would mess with such matters. What are you going to do? Officer Min. Gosh, there he goes again! Min U-won! I'll send you a gift of gratitude once I'm settled. Okay. The heavier, the better. Okay, you should get going now. Officer Min, what brings you here? Let's go inside and have some tea together. -Sure. -Come on. Officer Min. You become more handsome every time I see you. You kind of look similar to how I used to look when I was young. Please correct this. What? Some of the hometown addresses are incorrect on the appointment list. We can't use this to write an appointment certificate. Their hometown addresses are incorrect? What do you mean? Do you know nothing about this? Well... I don't know what you're talking about, but the Ministry of Personnel wouldn't have made such a mistake. You and your colleagues must be mistaken. Okay, then. I'll go to the Inspector-General. No, wait. That's really not necessary. Okay, fine. I changed their hometown addresses because of the Kinship Act. I sometimes need to overlook petty issues like this when it comes to personnel appointment. What are you talking about? Breaking the law is not petty. Don't be so bullheaded. Officer Min. You might not know much because your job is to just record things. But when you're in charge of personnel appointment, the Kinship Act can be very frustrating and inflexible. What's so wrong about appointing someone to a governmental position in their hometown? They know their hometowns very well, and they know people there, so work will be easier for them. Do you not know that there are cases where those men ended up overlooking the irregularities of their family and friends and eventually made corrupt decisions? That's just a small part of what goes on-- Even if you don't add to it, there are already enough corrupt officials who use their connections to their advantage. Please refrain from causing any further chaos in this country. I'll delay the certificates. Officer Min. I really wasn't going to say this, but I'm very good friends with your father. Do you think it's appropriate to act this way to your father's friend? Don't make me lose my face. I'm giving you a chance to save that great face of yours. That little punk! Darn it! -Come on! -Sir! -Sir! -Please come outside! -What's going on? -Please talk to us! -Sir! -Sir! -Section Chief! -Sir! -Sir! -Sir! -Please talk to us! -Sir! We're all waiting here! How could you do this? -Section Chief! -Sir! What do you think you're doing? My lady. If you feel wronged, go to the City Administration Office instead of causing a fuss like this. Or file a petition to His Majesty. My lady, the thing is-- Should I file a petition on your behalf? Sa-hui, I'm glad you're here. You have no idea what U-won did to me-- Aren't you even embarrassed? I don't expect you to be a decent nobleman. But you should at least try not to embarrass yourself. How dare you! Are you trying to add fuel to the fire? Did U-won tell you that I'm an embarrassment? Did he say that? No one needs to tell me that. -What? -People call you "Master Yes". That's enough to make you an embarrassment. So please stop soiling our family's reputation. How dare you say that to me! Do you think U-won is an honorable man? Do you think he never did anything to soil his reputation? That little... That brat! Call Official Jeong from the Office of Diplomatic Correspondence! Do it now! Do you want me to hold your hand? Your Highness! What are you doing out here at this hour? I looked for you everywhere. The night breeze is nice, and the stars look beautiful. Not because you're in love with Apprentice Goo? Do you think I think of only her all day? Yes. You're annoying sometimes. You know me too well. What's bothering you today? It's not about me. It's about my friend. But you don't have any friends. Go ahead. A lady asked my friend to hold her hand. That says it all, right? That means she also likes me... That means she likes my friend too, right? Let me see. Apprentice Goo isn't the type to do that out of the blue. It depends on what kind of situation you were in. We were in the mountain where tigers are known to appear. Then there's only one reason to explain her behavior. Right? There's just one reason, right? She held your hand to survive. I mean, think about it. She needed someone to throw at the tiger so she could run away. It was her way to buy some time. Are you saying she tried to use me to buy time? Forget it. I shouldn't have asked a eunuch. What did you just say? You just insulted all the eunuchs in this country. Your Highness! The next petition is from the Office of Diplomatic Correspondence. I'm sorry, Your Royal Highness. I think I brought the wrong petition. What is it about? You've suddenly become very pale. I've become curious, so I'd like to hear it. Read it out loud. But Your Royal Highness... Yes, Your Royal Highness. "I, Jeong Gye-ju, from the Office of Diplomatic Correspondence ask for the impeachment of First Historian Min U-won." "It is always essential to be cautious when hiring a historian. And in order to prove their innocence, we even looked into the mistakes of their family members. However, Min U-won’s father-in-law got punished for plotting a conspiracy. And his wife ended up committing suicide due to the feeling of being wronged. That eventually caused an issue with his credibility. However, because he's the son of a prestigious family..." That's enough! How could you even think of bringing such a thing here? Your Royal Highness, we've already dealt with this issue when we discussed his recruitment. There's no reason to raise an issue now. It may be in the past, but if he really is at fault, we must take that into consideration. On top of that, he's a historian who records our country's history. If he is busy hiding his flaws, how could we give him the right to record history without any bias? Officer Min, you should leave. I am fine. I order you to leave. Please summon a scribe. We'll resume the meeting once he arrives. Officer Yang! Hey! I'm going to go see the Chancellor. Officer Yang! Officer Yang! -Hey! -What's all the fuss about? Did you hear the news? Someone filed a petition asking for the impeachment of Min U-won. What do you mean? "Impeachment"? On what basis? You know... That incident with his wife. His father-in-law got beheaded, and his wife committed suicide. -She killed herself? -Officer Min had to leave the meeting. -I thought she died of an illness. -Scribe Kim had to fill in. They're fighting over whether he should get impeached or not. Min U-won's life has been nothing but great, but I guess this could be the end. Why would the Royal Secretariat report that petition? -Why bring up his painful past? -We didn't do it on purpose. It somehow ended up in that pile. And let's be honest. He became a historian thanks to his father even though he wasn't qualified. Hey. Don't you remember how much you used to harass him when he first started working here? -That was just-- -Scribe Jegal is right. When hiring historians, they look into every single record of your past. He shouldn't have been hired considering what his father-in-law did. I knew something bad would happen one day. Shut your mouth. Where is he right now? How would I know? He's probably too embarrassed to come here. Rumors have spread throughout the whole-- Officer Min. Officer Son, please take care of my work for today. Okay. Let's go. Get back to work. What a ridiculous fellow. Of all the people he could slander, he chose to slander Officer Min? You all know Officer Min U-won. Because of his upright personality, people call him the Dong Hu of Joseon. DONG HU: FAMOUS QIN DYNASTY HISTORIAN I'll look into who wrote the petition. I'm sure he got orders from someone. Don't do anything. Just don't. What do you go around doing these days to make someone write a petition like that? Who did you irritate this time? My gosh, just drink up. I'm sure this won't last very long. Jeez, this is totally ruining my mood. Excuse me. Do you have any empty rooms here? It's okay. -I should get going. -What... You're leaving? He acted like a man of integrity. But it turns out he's just a spoiled son of a high-ranking official. Since his father acts as if he's the king, he thinks he's the crown prince. No wonder everyone calls him Crown Prince Min. He must have a really bad temper. His wife couldn't take it anymore and took her own life. I couldn't have put up with it either. Officer Min... -What are you doing? -Listen. You'd better watch out. Officer Min. Everyone has already heard the rumor that the Second State Councilor made him a historian when he wasn't even qualified to be endorsed for the position. You see, I usually love things like backbiting, gossiping, and scandals. But I'm just so upset today. I don't understand Officer Min. He always talks about the importance of abiding by the rules. Why did he break the rules himself and become a historian? Had he opted for a cushy job elsewhere, he would have never had to deal with such humiliation. I'm so upset for him. Officer Min. Well, we're... We're going home now, sir. Go and get ready. We are going to Dongungjeon. -Your Royal Highness. -You may be seated. I am sorry about earlier. I couldn't let you record it yourself. I understand. I would not... have been able to record it in a fair manner. Do not be concerned. I will not respond to that petition. LETTER OF RESIGNATION Must you... resign from your post? -Please accept it. -I cannot. -Please accept it. -Min U-won! Have you forgotten what you said when you came to see me that day? You asked me to make you a historian. You said you will record the names of those who suffered because of your father and wash away his sins with your own two hands for it is... For it is your last duty as Dan-yeong's husband. That is what you told me. What happened to that determination of yours? No matter what people say, you have done nothing to be ashamed of. You aced the examination but turned down the senior sixth-rank. To become a historian, you started at the lowest position. You are an honest, upright historian who never compromises his principles. That is good enough. Do not falter. I cannot take it anymore. People... gossiping about Dan-yeong. She died a lonely death while enduring contempt of the people. She deserves... to rest in peace, don't you think? Please accept my resignation, Your Royal Highness. Officer Min. Officer Min. Please don't do this. Step aside. Officer Min. I understand how you must be feeling. You wanted to clear her name. That's why you became a historian. You were afraid that her name would suffer disgrace and eventually be forgotten. Isn't that why you became a historian? Please don't give up. If you leave like this... I heard you decided to resign. All right. It's actually better this way. Resign without any hesitation. Things will quiet down if you leave Hanyang for a couple of years. You can find another position in the government then. Alcohol won't solve your problems. Why on earth did you do such a thing? Why did you... have to do that to Dan-yeong? That is how politics work. You ought to make sacrifices if necessary. No. Not once... have you sacrificed what is yours. You always demanded sacrifice from others... including your own children. Until when will you be obsessed with the past? To a man, dwelling on regrets is like imprisonment. Forget about it and move on. Right! Right. You said the exact same thing on that day. When I came back after burying Dan-yeong with my own two hands, you just told me... to forget what happened. So? Have you forgotten all about it? All the people who suffered because of you... Is it that easy for you to forget about them and move on? You're drunk. Go to your room. I'm not like you, Father! Hence, I cannot forget. I can't forget Dan-yeong... or the things you've done. Dan-yeong. Honey. Gosh, you're here again? You're a scholar at Sungkyunkwan. You shouldn't be out and about like this. Well, this is not my fault. Regardless of what I'm reading... all I see... is your face, my dear. So what am I supposed to do? Did you just smile? Come on. Don't be like this. Let's spend just an hour together. Come on, please. I came all the way here because I missed you. I'm happy. I'm happy too. When I'm with you, I'm so at ease... and content. Dan-yeong. Please. Why are you accusing my father of being a traitor? He has been a scholar his whole life. He would never harbor any treacherous thoughts. I know he'd never do that. Please, I beg you. Just this once... Please help me just this one time. No. Please spare my family. I beg you, Father. Please spare us, just this once. Please spare us just this one time. My dear. I brought you some porridge. You haven't even had a sip of water for days. I don't want you to ruin your health. Dan-yeong! Dan-yeong, no... Dan-yeong. Is anyone outside? MIN U-WON, MUN DAN-YEONG MIN U-WON, MUN DAN-YEONG Mun... Dan... MIN U-WON, MUN DAN-YEONG ...yeong. Good morning! Hello, sir. -Hello, sir. -Hi, you girls are working so hard. -This is so nice. -What are you doing there, sir? Oh, I'm just trying to imagine what it will feel like to move up to the seventh rank. -Very nice. -That obnoxious prick. Look, that desk belongs to someone else. He resigned, so that's that. Hence, this desk is no longer occupied. Officer Son is next up for a promotion. Why are you-- Hey, this world is cutthroat when it comes to promotions. Just because you started sooner doesn't mean you'll be promoted first. Well, I hold no hard feelings toward you. So don't take it personally, okay? Officer Min. I was just trying to warm up your chair for you, sir. It can get very cold in the office. Right, sir? Hey, look at you arriving at the palace after I get in. I apologize, sir. It's the wimu journal, sir. I really did my best this time. Please review it again, sir. All right, I will. Apprentice Goo. Can we talk for a moment? Your Highness. You didn't see her for just one day. Why must you be so upset over it? You'll be bedridden with lovesickness at this rate. It is not because I didn't get to see her. Forget it. It's nothing. I'm telling you. That attitude of yours is the problem. Depending on every little thing that she says or does, your mood fluctuates from one end of the spectrum to the other. Don't you know the most basic rules of dating? P and P. H and C. -Push and pull. -Hot and cold. I told you she won't fall for such tactics. And last time I followed your instructions... This isn't just a theory, Your Highness. It was proven to be effective by our progenitors. It is an eternal truth, which holds the essence of the history of mating. Think about it. When Ungnyeo came to Hwanung and asked him to make her a human, would she have found him charming if he had said, "Shall I?" Because he only fed her garlic and mugwort for 100 days and kept her on pins and needles, she fell for him hard as soon as she became a human. Then they got married right away and had a child together! Hence, you must never let women think that you're easy. Be mysterious, aloof, and hard-to-read. Do you understand? About yesterday... I showed you what you shouldn't have seen. I'm sorry. Well... You don't really look sorry. -What? -Be honest. Aren't you grateful? Neither Officer Yang nor the Crown Prince could stop you, but I ran after you and told you not to give up. Oh, that's... You're right. Thank you. Who sounds that half-hearted and cold when they're thanking someone? Try to sound warm and sweet. "Thank you, Hae-ryung." Like this. But... how could I call you by your first name? Why not? Other officers call me by my first name sometimes. Try it. "Hae-ryung." "Hae-ryung." Hae. Hae... Gosh, why can't you do such an easy thing? This is the problem with all the noblemen in this country. The useless obsession with authority and the rigid hierarchy. It's a serious problem. It's nothing hard. Why can't you do it? Your Highness, pretend you're not bothered by this at all. If you react now, she'll think you're easy-- Apprentice Goo. -Your Highness. -Your Highness. Follow me. Let's go to Nokseodang. -Now, Your Highness? -Yes, right now. What is this about? She is a historian. She needs to know why she is being summoned, Your Highness. Please return to the office. I'll be back soon, sir. Please don't be offended at what Officer Min said earlier, Your Highness. He wasn't trying to be fussy. He was just worried about me. That's all. That bothers me even more. What do you think of Officer Min? Pardon? What do you think of that man? I'd like to learn from him. He is a wonderful mentor. Is that really all? Were you hoping there would be more? What about other historians? The youngest one. What do you think of him? Officer Kim Chi-guk is... He's just like a cute little brother. What about the big guy who looks kind? Officer Son already has three grandchildren. -Then what about the good-looking one-- -Your Highness. What is the matter with you today? Is there something you'd like to say to me? I feel like... I know nothing about you. And... I don't like it. I can only have these kinds of encounters with you, so I can't know more. I wonder what you are like outside of Nokseodang, who you spend time with, and if you... even take notice of me at all. As for my family... I have an elder brother. The age gap between us is quite big, but he adores me so much. In my free time, I either peruse objects from the Western world or read books. I especially like books on astronomy. Oh, right. You probably know this already, but I simply cannot read romance novels. They make me cringe. I moved to Qing when I was six years old, and I was a vicious, feisty little girl back then. The kids kept calling Joseon a weak country, and I couldn't take it. After I beat up about eight of them, they finally stopped making fun of me. But I obviously had no friends after that. Oh, and... I actually lied to you once, Your Highness. To me? I told you I climbed mountains holding my brother's hand when I was little. That was... a lie. That never happened. Why did you tell such a lie? Because I had an ulterior motive. Do you want me to hold your hand? It's not that I have an ulterior motive. Whenever I climbed mountains as a child, my brother would always hold my hand. Then nothing scared me anymore because I could feel that someone was next to me. I think I've told you enough for today. If I tell you too much in one day, you may not want to know more about me. I don't want that. All right. You may leave. I told you to lie low for the time being. Why are you so impatient? I must inform the Queen Dowager of an urgent matter. Goo Jae-gyeong. I want you to look into Third Inspector Goo Jae-gyeong. The Second State Councilor? Yes, sir. I saw him walking toward the Inner Palace with the head eunuch. It looked like they were on their way to have an audience with His Majesty. Isn't it actually a good thing? Had it been any other place, Officer Min would have definitely sent one of us. But he can't send us because they went to the Inner Palace. Even so, he won't just sit back and do nothing. Lads, don't say anything to Officer Min and just concentrate on your work. Let's have at least one quiet, problem-free day, please. -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. My gosh! What were you talking about? Life's hurdles. We should overcome them. Pardon? You must enter the chamber no matter what. Then I will proceed accordingly, Your Majesty. Your Majesty. I'd like to ask you a question. Is there anything about Prince Dowon that you are hiding from me? Who's there? If anyone finds out about you... I will endure it if my feelings will wreak havoc. A historian was arrested, which is unprecedented. It is time we filed an ultimate petition. I shall teach those punks a serious lesson. We are historians who preserve history. Do not back down! Apparently they're holding out with the doors locked. She is my only family. She committed a crime. There is nothing I can do to help you. You must be the only prince in the world looking after an imprisoned woman. You're the only woman who makes a prince do these things. Then I will go with you. I will run away with you. Subtitle translation by Liya Choi 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 