Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES EPISODE 8 What are you doing? -Who might you be? -His Highness Prince Dowon is here as a wimusa. Be courteous. Your Highness, I apologize for not recognizing you. I am Kim Hong-rok, a former royal physician at the Medical Office. You were a royal physician? Then why did you let her do that? She was infecting the children. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No. She wasn't, Your Highness. It is a medical procedure called variolation. "Variolation"? Since ancient times, it's been known that infecting healthy people with fluid from those with active smallpox immunizes them against the disease after causing a mild case of it. However, half of the people who are variolated die. It is a high-risk prevention method. I tested it on 12 children, and seven of them have fully recovered. -Then what about the five of them? -They aren't doing too well. You wicked witch! How could you conduct such a risky test on children who are physically weak? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But she said she managed to save seven of them. She saved seven children. Providence is what saved those children's lives. It has nothing to do with what she did! Had she done nothing to the children, even the dying ones might not have caught the disease at all. However, we couldn't just sit back and hope they wouldn't catch the plague. We ought to do something to save at least one more life. Your Highness. Please allow us to perform variolation on more people here. It is the best solution we have at the moment. No, you cannot. We mustn't take such a huge risk using people's lives. Stop this now. My dear, what on earth are you doing here? What if someone sees you? Why did you bring His Highness here? You should've stayed in the office. Well, I had no choice. His Highness kept insisting on coming here. The epidemic is in full force, so please make sure His Highness never leaves the guest house. He must return to Hanyang as soon as possible. I will do my best to persuade His Highness. By the way... Are you all right, my dear? Don't worry about me. Just focus on taking good care of His Highness. Okay, I will. -I hope I did the right thing. -Pardon? The procedure called variolation, which the female physician was performing. I did the right thing by stopping her. Yes, I did the right thing. Don't you agree? Well, I'm not so sure. Her explanation made sense. I don't think she's wrong. Oh, she actually stopped by earlier and asked me to make sure you never leave the guest house as you might catch the disease. She's obviously concerned about you. You were too unsympathetic earlier. What do you mean? Protecting the people is my duty as a prince-- Sure, of course. You're absolutely right. Since you're a prince of this country, you do not need to listen to what a mere female physician has to say. Anyhow, you've already made your decision, so don't have second thoughts and just get a good night's sleep. Who cares about the people and smallpox? What matters the most is you finding peace of mind, Your Highness. Since ancient times, it's been known that infecting healthy people with fluid from those with active smallpox immunizes them against the disease after causing a mild case of it. Ma'am. I'll do this. You can take care of something else. Okay, thank you. Let's eat. I'm very impressed by you. I heard all the physicians in other towns gave up and left in fear of catching the disease, but you came all the way here to look after the ill. It must be very stressful. It can't be as bad as the pain these kids are experiencing now. Besides, I'm responsible for this situation. Well, about what His Highness said... Please don't take it to heart. He can switch from being tolerable to totally obnoxious in a flash. He can be quite moody. She's burning up with fever. We should try to lower her temperature. Aren't you afraid of touching those who are infected? Judging from your skin, I don't think you've ever had smallpox. No, I'm not afraid. I actually remember something was put into my arm, and I remember it really hurt. They said it'd prevent smallpox. Looking back, I wonder if that was inoculation. My father calmed me down by explaining to me that I'd be fine after suffering for a short while. Do you remember roughly when that was? I'm 26 years old now, so it was probably around 20 years ago. Your father must've been well versed in medical knowledge. Back then, not many people in Joseon knew how to perform variolation. He probably heard about it through the grapevine. He had no medical knowledge. He just assisted a merchants' guild and never held any public office. He passed away when I was little. My apologies. I assumed you were from a prestigious family. I shouldn't have brought it up. Gosh, please don't worry. I'll take that as a compliment. I'm truly flattered. You don't look like a court lady. What brought you here? Right, I should introduce myself. I'm a female historian. I'm Goo Hae-ryung, an apprentice from the Office of Royal Decrees. I'm Mo-hwa. The news about the plague only reached the capital recently. Are you saying people are already hoarding things in preparation for it? Officer Seong. -I apologize, Your Royal Highness. -How rude. His Royal Highness can't even sleep due to his concern for our people. How dare you doze off and even snore in front of His Royal Highness! Does the palace look like your bedchamber to you? As a historian, you must record everything you see and hear. How dare you fall asleep! I sincerely apologize. Please forgive me. Your Royal Highness, that historian dared to mock the dignity of the court and neglected his crucial duty as a historian. Please send him to the Royal Investigation Bureau to be punished. -Please punish him. -Please punish him. Enough, all of you. Everyone is aware of the historians' heavy workloads. Who'd want to become a historian if we punished him -for something like this? -But, Your Royal Highness-- Have you forgotten what we are supposed to discuss at this meeting? I will think about what to do with the historian later on. First, send all the rice from other provinces to Pyongan Province and Hwanghae Province. I will open the Royal Treasury if there isn't enough money to buy all the medicine, so search all over the country if you must in order to obtain enough medicine for everyone. Yes, Your Royal Highness. Officer Seong got caught dozing off. -He dozed off? -At the royal meeting? While he was recording it? Don't even get me started. My legs were all wobbly, and my heart was pounding like crazy. Gosh! Then what's going to happen to Officer Seong now? Will he get fired? Then he should be grateful. A long time ago, a historian who had dozed off while on duty was exiled to a faraway land... That won't happen to him, right? I'd love to send him to the countryside to teach him a lesson, but His Royal Highness mercifully said he will be forgiven if he submits a letter of apology. Officer Seong, consider yourself lucky. Had it been His Majesty instead of His Royal Highness, you would've been... I know. I'm too ashamed to say anything. Come on. It's not your fault. We're swamped with work because of the plague. It's because we're short-staffed. That is true. We have to be there for all the royal meetings and lectures. Following around His Majesty is enough work, and we have His Royal Highness too. And as you know, our work doesn't end there. We have to record all the royal commands and send them out. Also, we must put all of them into the administration record. I actually thought about visiting the guru in Gyeryongsan so that I can learn how to clone myself. We have to record our opinions on current events too. Even when I go home, I have to work as hard as I do here. I don't even have time to enjoy a glass of wine with my wife. Officer Son, you said you missed your second grandchild taking his first step because of work. Officer Yang, please file a petition on behalf of all of us. Either hire more historians or reduce our workload. Please do something. Why are you taking it out on me again? Look, did any of you have no idea what you were getting yourselves into when you decided to become historians? Even during our Sungkyunkwan days, our seniors always said, "Don't ever work at the Office of Royal Decrees. The heavy workload will age you like there is no tomorrow." They warned us countless times. Has any of you never heard that before? Then why are you guys whining to me now? I'd love to give each of you a big smack in the head right now. Now, get back to work! And you. "Senior Ninth-rank Historian Seong Seo-gwon dozed off and snored while on duty." Make sure you write that in your records. Yes, sir. Hello. Ma'am. I'm here to pick up your child. There's a new isolation camp in the other village. My baby... My lady. Did something happen? Because of me, a child lost her life. I could've saved her. I could've protected her, but I turned my back on her. Thank you. Are you feeling a little better now? My lady, someone once told me that it always gets windy and rainy when flowers start to bloom and that life is full of farewells. You can neither blame yourself nor others for some things in life. So please don't beat yourself up. Instead, use that energy to do the things that you can do. VARIOLATION FOR COWPOX BY YEONGAN Your Royal Highness, Her Majesty is here for an audience with you. She may enter. Your Majesty. I know that you're busy. I hope I'm not interrupting. Not at all. Please have a seat. I heard a messenger arrived from Pyongan Province. I hear that the situation is very bad. -Yes. -Crown Prince. Make sure Prince Dowon can return as soon as possible. I am so concerned about him that I can neither eat nor sleep. What if we hear some terrible news one of these days? I am awfully anxious every single day. I, too, would love to bring him back as soon as possible, but Father... I will order him to return as soon as possible. Thus, please look after your health so that you can welcome him with a big smile when he returns. Yes. I should. Your Highness, are you asleep? No, I'm not. Come in. What's the matter? It's getting late. What is this? This book will tell us how we can save everyone. Cows were the solution, not people. Using the fluid from cowpox lesions can help us stop the smallpox outbreak. Use the fluid from cowpox lesions? What do you mean? I'm referring to the procedure where the fluid from cows with cowpox is inserted into people. Please don't be alarmed. The fluid from smallpox lesions can have bad effects on healthy individuals and can even kill them. However, the fluid from cowpox lesions only causes mild smallpox without any life-threatening adverse effects. That makes no sense though. The death rate is 50 percent even with the fluid from infected humans. How could animals'-- But in a European country called England, they saved many lives through this method using cowpox. -Also near the Dead Sea-- -I don't want to hear it. Stop talking about it. Your Highness, I failed to understand wanting to do anything to save a dying family member. It is my fault. I've finally realized how cowardly it is to just leave it up to heaven's will when it comes to people's lives. I'm fully aware of how absurd all of this must sound to you. But if I were one of the people here, who are just waiting to die, I'd want to take my chances on the absurd idea. Because I'd be so desperate. Please read it, Your Highness. If you wish not to give us permission to try it, you can still say so after reading the book. VARIOLATION FOR COWPOX BY YEONGAN "Since ancient times, people in Europe have believed that women who milk cows never catch smallpox. This method originated from that belief. All 36 people who were injected with the fluid from cowpox lesions fully recovered, and they will be immune to smallpox for the rest of their lives. However, I completely failed." Wait... "The people don't even want to listen to me for they don't want to be injected with pus from animals." Is anybody inside? "Bizarre rumors have spread all over the city. -My gosh. - I could win the battle against smallpox, but not against people's fear." YEONGAN SEOMUN JIK "This is our duty, which we ought to fulfill even if it takes our whole lives. Earning the people's trust and freeing our country, Joseon, from smallpox. The era of solely trusting heaven's will with people's lives must come to an end. This is an era where people's lives are saved by people." Your Highness, I brought her. Your Highness. I read the book. I spent all night thinking about it, but still couldn't believe it. The fact that this sick cow can save people's lives. I find it so hard to believe. Everyone reacted the same way. They all thought it was a preposterous idea. Right, it is a preposterous idea indeed. However, I... I'd like to believe this preposterous idea. I truly mean it. So answer my question. I find it awfully hard to believe. How could you trust everything in the book to be true? I'm the female physician you read about in that book. I studied medicine at a place called Seoraewon around 20 years ago. My teacher and I wrote the book together while studying the variolation method. I collected the fluid from cowpox lesions and injected people with it with my own hands. Also, I saw all the people completely recovering with my own two eyes. Can you prove what you just said with your own life? Yes, Your Highness. Follow me. What do you mean, Your Highness? You wish to inject the people with pus from cows? You said yourself that we mustn't take a risk using the people's lives. Back then, I was terrified by the idea. But I am no longer afraid. I won't just sit back and watch the plague spread further. Never in my life have I heard of a medical procedure that uses pus from animals. How could we stop the outbreak using such a preposterous method, Your Highness? We can stop the outbreak. Both vanquishing the plague and saving people's lives no longer depend on heaven's will. Your Highness. With all due respect, the people won't obey this order easily even if you believe in this method, Your Highness. The female physician had a hard time gathering the children to test variolation on. -If we are using pus from cows-- -Hence, I want to reassure the people by demonstrating it first. Your Highness, you cannot do that. Please don't, Your Highness. Can you inject me with the fluid from cowpox lesions? Yes, Your Highness. Did you know about this? Why did His Highness suddenly change his mind? I visited His Highness last night and gave him a book. It's a book about cowpox variolation. Why did you do that? I wanted His Highness to change his mind. For what reason? Because I thought it was the right decision. Do you think... it was the right decision to make even as a historian? I am a subject of this nation before I am a historian. I can't just sit and write historical records, -knowing how many people are dying. -That is your job as a historian! Your job is to listen, not to speak. You're not someone who makes decisions. Your job is to record all the decisions. Why do all that work to recruit and train us if all we have to do is record things? Why don't they just hire anyone who can write? Many people know how to write, but only a handful of people know their place. There are rights and wrongs in every history. And we, as historians, ought to accept that fact. The moment you decide to right someone's wrongs or change someone's opinion... The moment you have such thoughts, you turn into a novelist who writes about history however she likes. Do you understand? Mo-hwa! My dear, what on earth are you thinking? Will you actually inject His Highness with pus from cows? Didn't you hear? -His Highness ordered me to do so. -Even so, you shouldn't. If anything bad happens to His Highness, you will be decapitated. You'll be beheaded! Mo-hwa, please! Gosh. Mo-hwa! It's Pyongan Province. Go there and bring her back in one piece. I have a lot to ask that woman. Why are they putting cow pus in His Highness? What is this awful nonsense? It is apparently the medicine of Western barbarians. It's to stop smallpox. That's the most absurd thing I've heard in my life. I hope he doesn't become a cow. Your Highness, please withdraw your order. It's not too late. This is too dangerous. I'll be injected with cow pus instead. I will gladly sacrifice this lowly body for your will. Your Highness! We are all ready. Roll up the screen. -Gosh. -Goodness. Your Highness... -Take her away. -Yes. Hop on. Now! Mo-hwa! Mo-hwa! Excuse me. Where is the female physician who was here? She didn't come in last night. Wasn't she in the guest house? Mo-hwa! What? The female physician is gone? Yes, she went out to check on the children last night, but she never came back. She never came back to her residence. -Where could she be? -How is His Highness? He is highly feverish and isn't in his right mind. I think he's sick with smallpox. She probably ran away because she couldn't deal with this. Let the soldiers search through the village immediately. We must capture that physician. Yes! DO NOT ENTER Goodness, why are you taking that from my house? You scoundrels! Stop. Stop, all of you. Stop. Stop, all of you. How dare you! You scoundrels. -That's the last of it. Take it. -What? What? What's going on? -We're good. Let's go. -What's going on right now? Why is my storehouse empty? Why are they taking everything from me? What? I did this per your order... Have you gone senile? When did I tell you to do this? When? I am not lying. Lady Sa-hui said it was your order. What? Sa-hui? Yes. She said you told me to bring all the ingredients for samdueum to the Public Dispensary. She made herself very clear. Where is she? Where is that brat, Song Sa-hui? Lord! My lord! You have a message from the palace. -What? The palace? -Yes. Have a seat, Section Chief. Yes. Were you surprised to hear from me? No, Your Royal Highness. But why did you call me out all the way to Dongungjeon? All right. Your Royal Highness, this is silk made with saturniid cocoon. I heard you sent medicinal herbs to the Public Dispensary. I prepared something little in return. Goodness, this is not little. This is very precious. My gosh. You are the one who gave up something precious. I've been quite worried for a while because we couldn't find any medicinal herbs within the city. Thanks to you, we can look after the people who are suffering from the epidemic. It's a great help. I am flattered. I just bought out the herbs with the money out of my own pocket for the sake of the people and donated it to the Public Dispensary. Yes, Your Royal Highness. Darn it. Those herbs cost me a fortune. This silk is nothing compared to them. I'll get going now. I know you did it. I heard your father has been hoarding things in his house, and I've been trying to find evidence. But he managed to avoid getting punished. And you were even given a chance to write down your father's good deeds. I'm not sure if I should feel touched by how much you love your father or if I should feel disgusted. Would you like to read it? Or should I read it to you? What? "The Section Chief of Personnel sent medicine to the Public Dispensary. -He had gathered the medicine -That's enough. -to earn money--" -Enough! You're a historian. This should be kept a secret. How dare you read it out loud! You're the one who doubted me first, Your Royal Highness. I didn't send the medicine to help my father avoid getting punished, and I didn't do it out of love either. I only did it because I thought of it as a nobleman's duty. Moutan. Green tobacco leaves. Your Highness. Can I have some water? Your Highness! Your Highness! Your Highness! Your Highness! Your Highness! Why did you have to sleep for such a long time? You have no idea how worried I was. You know I can't live without you, Your Highness. Can you let me go? Are you really okay? Do you want to eat what the cows eat? Or do you want to cry like a cow? -Did you grow a tail on your bottom? -That's enough. The physician needs to check his condition. Oh, right. Yes, the physician should check his condition. Is there anything that makes you feel uneasy? I'm a little dizzy. Maybe it's because I've been lying down for so long. And I think I'm starting to get rashes on my arm. They're not rashes. They're signs that you're getting better. You're all better now, Your Highness. By the way, where's the female physician? I'm sorry to tell you this, but she's been missing for the past three days. She went missing? What happened? I don't know, but I sent the soldiers to look for her. Did you record the fact that I was injected with cow pus? Yes, Your Highness. Please send the record to all the villages in Pyongan Province. Yes, Your Highness. I shall allow people to get cured with cow pus. You're all done. Is this really okay? I heard someone's son turned into a cow after he got this. Look over there. His Highness is still human, and he's completely fine. -He's apparently the prince. -Really? He got better after he got injected with cow pus. -He got better? -That's unbelievable. -Really? -My gosh. -That's incredible. -It will cure us too. Your Highness. People might think you're sitting here against your will. Why don't you smile a little? Like this? Why can't you make good use of your handsome face? Give them a big smile. Show them how many teeth you have. Smile like this. Like this. Your Highness, what's wrong? Do you feel sick? No, it's because I had to wave for such a long time earlier. I'm so exhausted. Of course. You had to sit and smile for hours. You really must be exhausted. What's that? I brought a special dish for you, -Your Highness. -Boiled pork? How did you manage to get this? My goodness, I went around asking for this so I could get it for you. And I even paid people to get it. Here. Have a bite. Eat it before someone smells it and runs over here. Wait. You can have this. Can you get me some water? Water? Okay, wait here. I'll be right back. Clerk Goo. Where are you off to this time? I won't be able to write anything because it's too dark. No, that's not it. Take this. It's my royal gift for you. Boiled pork? You're giving me boiled pork? Yes, that's right. You must've been very worried about me judging by how much weight you've lost. What? Are you sure? I've been eating and sleeping really well. -What? -I don't have any superiors asking me to do odd jobs here. And the weather is a lot cooler than Hanyang. I've been taking walks every day and night, and I also helped treat the patients. I've been very busy and well. How could you have been well? Your prince was lying sick in bed. I was so close to losing my life. My gosh, let's be honest. It wasn't that bad. Okay, fine. I get that you weren't worried about me at all. Your Highness. What? I'm glad that you got better. You... You're so... Treating smallpox with cow pus? I've never heard of that before. Western people use this method to prevent smallpox. They use pus from cows instead of humans. Then are you saying His Highness ordered the people to get cow pus injected into their bodies? Did he believe in that barbaric method? Yes. That's not all. He even got an injection himself so he could give faith to the people there. How could he do something like that to his royal body? So what happened to him? Is Prince Dowon okay? He must be okay, seeing that he's going around doing odd things. I want you to send a letter right now. Ban the treatment of smallpox using cowpox and tell Prince Dowon to return to Hanyang. -Yes, Your Majesty. -Yes, Your Majesty. Cow pus? That's nonsense. Why don't you just say he ate dog poop? I'm serious. Didn't you hear it as well? It's apparently a method to prevent smallpox. They take out cow pus from a cow that has cowpox. Then they make a cut on your arm and inject that into the cut. Do you think that really works? So if you get injected with cow pus, you become immune to smallpox? Who cares if it works or not? Why would you do something like that as a human being? We were always taught that the first step to respecting our parents is to take good care of our bodies. Injecting animal's pus is disgusting. Only a few villages will go ahead with the procedure. Nine out of ten villages apparently refused to do it. They're doubting His Highness. Of course. I wouldn't do it either. Stop talking about pus. I'm eating. You kept asking. Look at them. Officer Min can't even eat rice there, but they eat three times a day including all that meat. They're so annoying. Still, I'm relieved. Should we hold a welcome back party when Apprentice Goo comes back? -Count me out. I'll be busy on that day. -My gosh, come on. Stop pretending to be so cold-hearted. Everyone has already heard the rumor. I heard you sent medicine to the Public Dispensary. She's right. People are so surprised to find out that Master Yes has an incredible daughter like you. They think you're better than your father. "Master Yes"? Is that what people call my father? Well, it's not anything bad. It's because he always says "Yes, you're right." to the Second State Councilor. Apprentice Song. -What is wrong with you? -My gosh. I did what you ordered and brought her to Hanyang. -She'll be safe for now. -Okay, good job. Yes, sir. Wait in line. -Can I have some? -Wait in line. -Hurry up. -Who's next? -Please stand in line. -Hurry up and get your food. -Come on over here. -Don't fight. My goodness, look at this. Can I have a lot? Are you just going to watch? I starved for three days! My gosh, don't cut in line. Here. Open your mouth. Here. This is tasty. Open your mouth. -Good job. -Why aren't you eating? You should just leave and start the fire. But... I think we're almost there, Your Highness. -Let's keep going. -Okay. Why haven't you started the fire yet? Haven't you ever started a fire in your entire life? And you've never entered the kitchen? No. You can leave and move the firewood. Hurry up! Hurry! Why can't they do this? It's so easy. It's prickly. Be extra careful not to get hurt. Okay, Your Highness. I will follow your order. -Are you okay, Your Highness? -I'm okay. I'm okay too. Prince Dowon may be good-looking and good at writing, but he's bad at everything else. The same goes for Officer Min. They'll starve to death if they get abandoned on a deserted island. I think there are thorns here, Your Highness. I told you to be careful. -One, two, three. -One, two... My gosh. My goodness. -Eat up. -Okay. Where are the side dishes? Aren't there any side dishes? I guess that doesn't really matter. -Let's eat. -Okay. Your Highness. Here. My mother told me to give this to you. Thank you. Please thank her for me. What is it? What is it? Is it seaweed? It's called gaetteok. The name means that it looks ugly. Let me try one. It's delicious. We didn't even give out that much barley today. I guess she used most of it to cook this for you, Your Highness. Are you saying they used the food they got to cook this for me? They've been starving for days. But they did this for me? It's delicious. It's really delicious. Try some, Officer Min. Yes, Your Highness. It's good, Your Highness. I didn't know they were this good. Whoever named it did a good job of naming it. -It's called gaetteok. -Yes, gaetteok. Your Highness, it's been over ten days since we received orders from the king. -You cannot delay-- -Okay. Your Royal Highness, please keep calm. -Are you that happy? -Let's hurry. Your Highness, His Majesty is here. Father, have you been well? Have I been well? How dare you ask if I've been well! You ignored my orders. Did you really think I'd be okay? That's right. I ignored your orders, Your Majesty. You told me to stop the treatment and return to Hanyang. But I didn't do as I was told. Please forgive me. So you're finally showing your true colors. You ignored my orders, but you don't seem sorry at all. So this is what you're really like. You're mistaken. I just wanted to help the people-- How can you help them? You know nothing! You've been locked up in the palace your entire life. What do you know? I will not let this slide. Listen to me! I want Prince Dowon to be-- Father! Father, please forgive him just this once. -You can see he's trying to apologize. -Do not interfere. There are historians here. The historians are watching, Your Majesty. Do you still resent me? The fact that I'm your son is already a big flaw to me. I want to live outside the palace. This is where you belong. This palace is where you should be. The crown prince fought with the crown princess? I don't need your apology if you don't mean it. This is when we'll be sleeping together. Try your best so we can have a child. I want to fall in love with a good-looking but crazy man. I don't mind keeping you near me. Do not distance yourself from me. Subtitle translation by Eun-sook Yoon 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 