Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rookie Historian Goo Hae-Ryung (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 EPISODE 2 What's your name? I have a question. How did you come up with such a beautiful scene where Master Kim confesses his love beneath the cherry blossom tree? Well, that's... I visited Yudalsan last year, and I was deeply moved there. That's where I got my idea. Yudalsan? You're wrong. If you don't tell me your name, I'll just go ahead and give this back to you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Maehwa. Please write my name as Maehwa. The reason you don't enjoy reading Maehwa's novels is because you know nothing about beauty. You? Well, could you let go... Gosh, let go of my hand. Men and women mustn't hold hands. You said Maehwa's book is such a waste of paper. You also said you're afraid the delusion of Maehwa may spread all around the city like an epidemic. I have to say, you have no principle yourself. Are you a young noble lady who is hoping Maehwa will quit writing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 or just an imposter who is using Maehwa's name? Just stick to one thing. No wonder you were so defensive. You're Maehwa? What a novel idea. You visit every bookstore and praise yourself. How many copies have you sold by doing that? When did I do such a... You're very confident for a fraud. Don't jump to conclusions, please. There's a reason I must do this. So what? Are you asking me to be understanding? Well, that's not what I meant. I was just... Could you wait in that room over there? I'll apologize to you properly in a bit. Do you think I am the only person you owe an apology to? What's going on? Regardless of how unworthy you think my novel is, all those people's love for Maehwa is genuine. You have no right to fool them just to earn a little bit of money. -Hence, if you wish to apologize-- -I should apologize to them. -Maehwa! -Maehwa! -So that lady is Maehwa. -My gosh. Oh, my goodness! -Oh, my goodness. -Maehwa is really here! There is something I must tell you all. I'm... not Maehwa. -What? -What? Even though I'm not Maehwa, I pretended that I was and deceived all of you. I apologize. Has she lost her mind? What? You're not Maehwa? Then what is this signature here? Did you con us? -My gosh. -I can't believe this. -How dare she? -How could she do such a thing? However, the real Maehwa is here now. -What's she saying? -What? -Does that mean... -Is it that man? -That man is Maehwa? -Oh, my goodness. -My gosh. -Maehwa was a guy? -Is he the one? -Really? -Gosh. -Seriously? -Maehwa is a man. -Oh, my. -My gosh. -I can't believe this. -My goodness. -It's a man? -My gosh. -Seriously? So it's not a woman? The King's order! Arrest Maehwa and confiscate all the books! Stop right there! -Get her! -Come here. -What's happening? -My gosh! -Get them. -Where's your book? Get him! -Get him! -Catch him. Let go! Let go of me, you jerks. Hey! You! Let go. I said, let go! -Arrest him. -Don't lose him! -Let go! -Get them. -Get them! -Seize the books! -Don't you dare run away. -Get them! Where do you think you're going? -Darn it. -Get them! -You! -Get the books. -What the heck? -Stop right there! What are you doing? -Get them! -Get all the books! Get them! -Get them! -Seize all the books! -Let us go! -Come with us! Let go! -Come here. -Let us go, please. -Hey! -Wait over there! You little... You rats. Get them! You, come here! My gosh! Do not forgive me, sir! Hey. Hey, you! Hey! Gosh, let go of me. Hey! -Eunuch Heo! -Eunuch Heo! -He's not at the library. -Not in the garden either. Did you search every nook and cranny? -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. Where could he be at this hour? I have to do something. I'll go find out what's going on. Wait, where are you going? It's the King's order, so he could be at the Royal Investigation Bureau, right? Please watch what you say. You're a woman, you can't go in there. -Then how about you go? -My goodness. Am I not even considered a woman just because I'm a servant? I told you it's not your fault that the scholar got arrested. I heard so many noble ladies ran away to find the love of their life after reading Maehwa's books. That's why he's hated so much. Still, how can they arrest him just for that reason? I can't stop thinking that it's odd. Hey, excuse me. Don't you find this person shameless? If he has any shame, he should quit writing. However, the real Maehwa is here now. Do not forgive me, sir! Hey. Hey, you! I'll get my revenge. I will crush you! Keep it down, will you? Can't you see that I'm trying to sleep? Are you blind or what? I'm sorry. I'll get my revenge. I'll get back at you for this! What's the matter, my lady? Let's go. MAEHWA -Gosh, you scoundrels. How dare you! -Move! How could they be banned? There were no problems with those books even until yesterday. How could they be banned overnight? You thieves! Park Dal-pae, you are guilty of writing banned books. Show yourself so that you can be arrested! -Honey! -Let go of me! My husband hasn't even mastered Chinese characters yet. So how can you accuse him of writing books? What is this about? What do you think you're doing? -Stop right there! -Darn it. -Shit. -You prick! You scoundrels! What are you doing? -My goodness! -Gosh, madam! You wenches! MOONLIGHT LOVE AFFAIR THE SORROWS OF YOUNG WERTHER My gosh... Why go through my books? What? You cannot tell me your name? Well, it's not that I can't tell you. You don't have to know my name. That's what I'm trying to say. Was he fed something spoiled while in prison? Look, Maehwa. I need to know your name for my report so I can hand it over to the higher-ups. Do you need a beating first thing? -Your name. -I'm not Maehwa. You little... Show me your tag, then. What? Are you going to say you don't even have an identification tag? Do you think I'm an idiot? Everyone in the land of Joseon must have... You don't have an identification tag? Must I have one? What does your father do? I mean... What does your father do, sir? If you can't disclose any details, just tell me his rank. Sir, he's here to turn himself in. What? Who? The real Maehwa. I'm Maehwa, you punks. ROYAL INVESTIGATION BUREAU -Your Highness! -Your Highness! "Your Highness"? From the way he talks to how he looks, he's got to be from a reputable family. Tail him and find out where he lives. Yes, sir. Write it down. I can't do this anymore. Gosh, my back is killing me. This is pissing me off. "The heat inside the mill. Where does Court Lady Kim go every night?" They summoned officers from the Royal Investigation Bureau and the City Administration Office as well as historians just to confiscate these stupid books? That's what I'm saying. I didn't take the civil service exam for this. I'm mortified. THE HEAT INSIDE THE MILL -Hey, what is this? -Pardon me? Oh, that's... How did it get in there? Goodness. Are you lonely these days? Officer Min! Officer Min! Jeez, move. Officer Min! You should've given me a heads-up that you were coming by. I dozed off in there for a few minutes, not knowing you were here. You punks, can't you see that Officer Min is working? Go bring him a chair! -What are you waiting for? -It's okay. It's not okay. Officer Min, just have your subordinates take care of this grunt work. Let's go to my office and have some tea. It's really okay. Then let me just do the work for you. I'd rather do it myself. Did you just touch... SACHAEK : BOOK OF HISTORICAL RECORDS ...this sachaek ? Jeez, this is bringing tears to my eyes. When did the deputy magistrate of the junior fourth rank become a servant of a senior seventh rank official? He'll even offer to wipe his butt. He'll be good at that. He's the Second State Councillor's son. Who cares what his rank is? Everyone calls him the Crown Prince of the Min family. He was born so lucky. Can't he give up on at least one thing? He's handsome, wealthy, and smart. He has everything. Life is so unfair. Life is unfair indeed. Thank goodness I got my good looks and wits. Who? -Oh, gosh. -No... -Oh, dear. -My books! -Gosh. -Darn it. No... What a waste! -How can they do this? -What should we do? -My goodness. -What a waste. -No... -Gosh, my books... DON QUIXOTE I'd like to take a look at the daily brief. Today's brief from the palace. I heard the people can read them too if they pay. Please allow me to have a look at today's brief. What is this woman uttering? Only government employees like us can read them because we need them to do our jobs. They're not meant for small fry like you! Is that what you government officers think of the people of this country? What is the matter? We can't show it to you, but I can tell you what was on it. What would you like to know? -Officer Min. -Then answer this question. What was written about the banned books? They didn't even put up a single notice. They took my lifetime collection of books without telling me anything. Hence, I must know why those books were banned as well as why they arrested people and ransacked their houses. I at least need to know what's written on the brief to understand what's going on. It was His Majesty's order for he believes that lowly literature and books smuggled from Qing are disturbing moral principles. Yes, it was His Majesty's order. Isn't that all you need to know? Who cares whether or not you understand-- Even the King can't always make the right decisions. What did you say? He believes that books are causing chaos? Last spring, a nobleman demolished ten houses that belonged to commoners to build a new house for his newlywed son. Such things are what's really corrupting moral principles and causing chaos. Don't blame it on books. So what? Are you saying that His Majesty made a bad decision? According to The Great Learning , a king's likes and dislikes must be in line with those of his people. However, our King dislikes what his people like and likes what his people dislike. Thus, how could I be content as one of his people? Hae-ryung! Lady Hae-ryung! My lady, gosh. My gosh. She's not well. She loses it from time to time. I'm sorry, sir. I sincerely apologize on her behalf. My apologies, Officer Min. That's okay. My gosh! Are you begging to get killed? In front of government officials, how could you... How could you criticize the King? Did Prince Yeonsan return to reign? Why can't I make such a remark? There are some things that you must never say. What would you have done if your remark had reached the King's court? I actually wish that happened. The King's ministers need to know what the people of this country are seeing, feeling, and thinking. Do you think they will listen to you and change overnight? Do you think a pebble can fill up a river? No, it can't. However, it can generate a ripple. Why must it be you? Why can't it be me? -Why are you being-- -Don't you know why I'm being like this? As for the books, I can get them again. It'll take time and money, but it can be done. However, those who believe that they can hold anybody accountable and can take anything from anyone if they can justify it. I cannot tolerate such people. Losing what is dear to us... Haven't we experienced it plenty of times? Don't follow me. I'll go someplace else and inquire. I found you a husband. You'll receive his proposal letter soon. I am trying to tell you that you cannot live under my roof and my protection forever. I hope you understand my intentions. Your Highness! -Eunuch Heo is back! -Sam-bo! Sam-bo. Your Highness, it's all sorted out now. Don't worry... Put your worries to rest. Let's go inside. Be careful, okay? Be careful. Come on in. Be careful. Slowly. -Good. -A little closer. Was it very painful? Yes. -You probably hate me now. -Yes, I do. If only I had never left the palace... -Strip your pants off. -Okay. Come again? My gosh! I got this from the Medical Office. There's nothing like this for flogging wounds. It's okay, Your Highness. I'll apply it myself when I'm alone. The sooner it's applied, the quicker the bleeding will stop. Hurry. But... Your Highness. Wait, hold on. I'll do it later... -Hey, how dare you... -Hurry. -Sam-bo. -Gosh! This is... His buttocks look totally fine, Your Highness. Did you get flogged on the other side? What? God, what are you doing? Hey! Jeez, these wenches. What happened was... They said I could either write a letter of apology and pay bail or get flogged, so I made a wise decision. Then you should've just told me the truth. Why did you have to worry me like that? Well, I took the fall for you, so I wanted you to worry about me a little. I was also hoping to take it easy for a few days. By the way, Your Highness, you're in no position to be angry with me. I clearly told you not to go to the busy strip ever again. How many times did I tell you... Don't even talk to me for the next three days. Don't come near me. At Dongungjeong at 4 p.m., the Crown Prince had a one-on-one with Vice-Chancellor Jo Seung-gwang. Regarding the damages caused by the banned books, Jo Seung-gwang reported that 6,829 books have been confiscated, and 255 commoners are currently detained at the local office. He also said the total amount of bail collected so far is 4,820 nyang. Then the Crown Prince asked if all of that happened in just three days, and the Vice-Chancellor said it doesn't include other provinces as he has yet to receive their reports. After sitting silently for some time, the Crown Prince dismissed Jo Seung-gwang and the historian. Even the King can't always make the right decisions. I will share my personal opinion. The corruption in the royal court is worsening by the day, and the political tension is rising. -No! My lord! -This is unjust! Meanwhile, the people are accused of committing offences even when they just reach out their hands or take a step forward. This is unjust! Since the ancient times, it has always been said that the skies identify with the heart of the people for it does not have its own. Hence, what saddens the people saddens the skies as well, and what delights the people delights the skies too. -Please have mercy. -Please have mercy. Nevertheless, the ministers... Please revoke your royal command! ...are not afraid of either the skies or the people. -Please revoke your command. -Please revoke your command. From my observation, this crisis should be blamed solely on them. Identify yourself. My lord. I'm Kim Cheok-jeom, an officer from the Royal Investigation Bureau. There is something you should know. Your Highness, try your best to look chipper. You haven't seen His Majesty in a long time. He'd never summon me for no reason. You are his son. I'm sure he misses you, and his heart must ache whenever he thinks about you. You know that is not true. How do I look? Should I fix anything? No. Father, how have you been? I cannot be fond of you no matter how hard I try. You tell me. Have you lost your mind? Or are you deliberately trying to disgrace me? I am not quite following for my wisdom hasn't matured yet. You even have the audacity to lie to my face now. MOONLIGHT LOVE AFFAIR Must I read aloud each line of this vulgar piece of writing? So? You've been acting like a clown behind my back, and the foolish people praise you for it. How does that feel? Do you feel like you're the King? I'd much rather see you fool around with kisaengs or gamble! How could a man write something so preposterous? I wrote those books to relieve my feelings of boredom. -I didn't mean to-- -Shut it! You cannot hide your malicious mind with such excuses. Because I have a son like you, I am too ashamed to face the former kings after I die. You are more wicked and malicious than anyone who has ever lived in this palace! -Father. -Listen! Yes, Your Majesty. Seize all the books at Nokseodang immediately and burn them all! Not just books. Paper, brushes, and ink sticks too! Seize anything related to writing and burn them all to ashes. From this day onward, Prince Dowon shall be forbidden from reading or writing any books! Father, I sincerely apologize. I'll... From now on, I will never show anyone what I write. Please revoke your order. Writing and reading are the only things I can do. Without them... Without them... I have nothing. Father. Please... Please... Please. Father. Sam-bo... Your Highness. Your Highness. Here. Drink it. Okay. You'll be all right. You should go. You know that I cannot go back to sleep after that happens. I'll just sit here and look at the stars. It's been a while you last had your nightmare. Did it leave you in so much distress? This place sits at the corner of the huge palace. Nokseodang, where no one visits. I could read or write 10,000 books as I please... without His Majesty knowing. Then please do that. I, too, will keep my mouth shut. No. I don't plan on doing that. Why not? My father does not listen to anything I say. If I also refuse to listen to him, we could hardly be a parent and a child. Your Highness. Maybe I should have asked him to have me exiled. If I'm sent to a river, I'll fish. If I'm sent to a mountain, I'll grow ginseng. That way, I'd have something to keep me occupied. I found you a husband. I hope this old man isn't bothering you by calling you out so often. Don't say that, my lord. Please go ahead. Am I only allowed to see you when I have something to say? But you aren't the type who'd call me out to enjoy a chat. Right. There is no other partner better than you when I wish to take some time to discuss something. The writer of The Story of Ho Dam . Don't you think there's something odd about him? I have connections everywhere in this land of Joseon, and my influence reaches every corner of this country. But I cannot find a trace of that writer. It's as if that person is behind my back. The northwest is desolate and barren with many places to hide. -If you look a little longer-- -That's just a red herring. The closer you are, the harder it is to notice. There is only one place that is close by, yet out of my reach. The palace. Are you saying the writer of The Story of Ho Dam is in the palace? That is why I plan on turning in a petition tomorrow. My lord. -The Crown Prince-- -He will have to accept this by tomorrow. So do answer my question. Do you think that is enough to catch the writer of The Story of Ho Dam ? You rogues! How dare you... 20 YEARS AGO Where is His Majesty? I asked you where His Majesty is. Prince Hamyeong! I've brought you the jeonwigyoseo , Your Majesty. JEONWIGYOSEO : ANNOUNCES THE SUCCESSION OF THE THRONE THE STORY OF HO DAM Second State Councillor. You seem to have finally gone senile. Your Royal Highness, please watch the way you speak. Historians are in your presence. Yes, there are historians in the assembly and the royal lectures. They follow His Majesty and me wherever we go and write down everything we say and do. I cannot speak or look at anything as I please in fear of what will be recorded. Now you want to hire female historians to spy on me in my chambers? Your Royal Highness. I only suggested that we keep female historians to follow the ancient system. Which book from which country mentions of such absurd system of having female historians? It's in the law of Zhou Dynasty. According to the law of Zhou Dynasty, the Zhou Dynasty kept female historians to record even the events within the women's quarters. Many future kings and sage men gained wisdom from those records. That country is gone. It went into ruins over 1,000 years ago! But they set an example even after 1,000 years. Joseon's judicial system is built on the law of Zhou Dynasty. I clearly remember how Your Royal Highness last month discussed the matters of rituals by using ancient examples of the Zhou Dynasty. Second State Councillor. Unlike the women of Zhou, the women of Joseon are illiterate. Korean alphabets cannot be used to keep record of events. Vice-Chancellor is right. A historian must have skills, knowledge, as well as discernment. Even the best scholars who pass the state exam fail to pass the historian exam. Female historians are different. A historian's duty is to write down state affairs for the future generation. But female historians can just write down the everyday life in the palace. We can pick out court ladies who know the Korean alphabet. That's what I'm trying to say. All they can write down is the everyday life of the palace. There is no reason to pass that on to the future generation. The discipline of the Royal Family will improve in a female historian's presence. Are you implying that the current Royal Family has no discipline? Regarding that... I cannot dare to speak of what happens at Nokseodang. Second State Councillor! I already told you it'll be hard to convince the Crown Prince. You can use this chance to break his spirits to teach him how to be a king. So, do you think it's going to take a long time? The Crown Prince is a very clever man. So I'm sure he'll come to understand me soon. You may leave. I trusted you and gave you permission to do something that has never been done in the history of Joseon. If this ends up causing a problem, you'll be dismissed from your position. Your Majesty. Only three people in this country know Ho Dam. You, me, and... I can't help but wonder who gave you such a difficult task. Your Majesty. The hours are late. Why are you not asleep yet? I heard the lights in your palace were still turned on. This old lady couldn't fall asleep because I was so worried about my grandson. I'm sorry. I still have so much to learn. I apologize for worrying you. I'm not here to scold you. I know it's not your fault. I guess you heard about what happened this morning. So tell me. Have you made up your mind? It's not easy. Of course not. If you grant the Second State Councillor's request, the female historians will obviously become his eyes and ears. But if you refuse his request, you'd feel uneasy thinking about what he might do to your brother. Your Majesty. I do not want to be a Crown Prince that gets swayed by the officials. Nor do I want to be someone who failed to protect his brother. I really don't know what I should do. Your Royal Highness. Why are you trying to enter the Second State Councillor's territory? Even an unwise decision can lead to a wise one. You should think about it a little harder. Why does it sound so weird? You are clearly torturing our ears, Your Highness. Please stop it. -Please stop it. -Please stop it. Bear with it a little. It'll get better soon. You know I'm a quick learner. You're definitely not a quick learner. Where are you... Hey, where are you going? Where... You guys! Where are you going? Hey. Jin, did you see that? This is how they treat me. I heard you play just now, and it was bad enough to make me want to punch you. Be grateful that no one hit you. You're the Crown Prince. How can you say that? That's exactly why I can say that. Hey, there's someplace I want you to go with me. -Where? -You'll see. I didn't know the sky looked so pretty when it's close to sunset. It's a very mysterious color. Jin. You've done more than enough to console me. You can scold me now. You're the Crown Prince who barely even has time to look at the sky. I'm sure you're here spending time with me for a reason. I'm sure... you heard about what I did. That's upsetting to hear. Did you think I'd scold you for something like that? It turns out the renowned writer, Maehwa, was actually a narrow-minded fool. -Jin. -I read your novel. I was only going to read a little bit, but I constantly found myself flipping to the next page. I started to regret not having read it before it became a banned book. -Stop making fun of me. -I'm saying this because I'm proud. If we were born into a middle-class family, I would've gone around the neighborhood telling everyone that my younger brother is Maehwa and that he wrote this book. But you and I have a lot to carry on our shoulders. Can you give me an honest answer to this question? I was your inspiration for Master Kim, right? -What? -His handsome looks, profound intelligence, and gentle character. That's obviously me. Especially his looks. His fair skin and deep eyes. Don't get mistaken. I only looked at myself in the mirror. What? If you say so. Lady Hae-ryung! Your brother chose a date. It's the first day of next month! -I see. -According to the fortune-teller, you guys will get along very well. Once you marry him, you'll apparently live a very happy life. Your brother is very pleased. -That's good to hear. -Lady Hae-ryung. Gosh, don't worry too much. I actually went and took a peek at your future husband. And I was really startled. He is very good-looking, and he walks with a great posture. I think he'll be a very kind husband. I'm sure you both will get along. I need to go somewhere for a bit. Jang-su, don't forget to take this. My goodness, be careful. You might fall down again! You finally gave him a name? Yes. At first I contemplated between San-sam and In-sam. But I realized that the best name for him would be Jang-su since he works at a medicine shop. Jang-su is a great name. You'll be greatly blessed for your generosity. You took in a boy who had nowhere to go. My gosh, it wasn't just for him. I'm always lonely and alone, so I figured if I took in that little boy, I could make him run errands and have someone to talk to. I did it for myself. But what brings you here? Did that break again? No, it's not that. I was thinking about selling it. You want to sell the alarm clock? Yes, I don't think I'll need it anymore. So, how much are you willing to pay for it? His Royal Highness has arrived. -Hand me the scroll. -Yes, Your Royal Highness. "The Second State Councillor asked to hire female historians 15 days ago. And I give him my consent." Your Royal Highness, that is absurd. Please withdraw your consent! "However, female historians cannot be recommended. They must take the civil service exam. There will only be one exam throughout the day to determine whether or not they've passed. And I, the Crown Prince, will decide the topic. Anyone who passes the exam will enter The Office of Royal Decrees as an apprentice." Your Royal Highness, how can you let a woman take the civil service exam? Men and women are different, and we have strict cultural rules. How can you let a woman take the exam just like a man? This is an outrageous decision, Your Royal Highness. This has never happened in the history of Joseon. Please withdraw your royal order, Your Royal Highness. -Please, Your Royal Highness. -Please, Your Royal Highness. Please allow me to say a word of advice out of loyalty. Please think about the Code of Law of the royal palace. The Code of Law of the royal palace? The civil service exam is a national exam that is connected to our country's education. Women lack education and knowledge, and if you let them take the exam, it'll be the same thing as going against the basis of what the previous kings have worked so hard to keep. Second State Councillor. Which previous king stated that only men are allowed to take the civil service exam? Please answer me. Where exactly in the Code of Law does it say civil service exams can only be taken by men? As King Taejo built Joseon, he announced that there should only be one criteria when it comes to hiring civil servants. Education and moral conduct. Being well-educated and morally well-behaved. If there's anyone who has those features, I'm more than willing to hire them even if they're women. -However-- -Have you forgotten? You're the ones who suggested to hire female historians and insisted on letting them enter the royal palace regardless of our strict cultural rules. All I did was accept your request. Seriously? Women will get to take exams? What kind of nonsense is that? This is more than just writing things down. It's not something they can learn that quickly. This is an insult not only to us but to all the historians from thousands of years back. We should not stay still. Gil-seung, didn't you say your cousin is the head of Sungkyunkwan? Tell them they should start a mass demonstration. I'll bring an axe. We must put up a petition. Yes, that's a good idea. Who'd behead a historian unless they've really lost it? But why aren't you saying anything, Officer Min? What can he say? If the Second State Councillor hadn't provoked His Royal Highness, none of this would've happened. Why must historians be against the recruitment of female historians? What kind of absurd nonsense is that? Why shouldn't we be against it? Since our childhood we learned that women should never be interested in national affairs. Even if we were taught that through many books, the Code of Law should always come first. The... The Code of Law? -In the Code of Law-- -There is no such article that says women aren't allowed to take civil service exams. They're going to hire female historians? My goodness, I've never heard of anything more outrageous. I guess the world is starting to change. -My gosh. -This is absurd. You should take the exam. You're a great writer. That's utterly absurd. The second child of Lord Jo insisted on taking the civil service exam and caused a huge fuss. Really? Why would any woman do something like that? Exactly. FEMALE HISTORIAN BOOKS FOR SALE The study books that will prepare you to become a female historian are currently for sale! The difficult terminologies are explained in Korean alphabets in the simplest way possible to aid your understanding! It highlights the key points to note from what can be a boring study experience! Are these the only women in Hanyang who know how to read and write? We got less than ten applicants. I'm sure it's not because they don't know how to read and write. They're probably worried about what the Crown Prince might do to their daughters. If they take the civil service exam, they might not even be able to get married. They're most likely preventing them from applying. It doesn't matter how many people take the state exam. We just need one person to pass the exam. Yes, of course. My lord, should we gather these women? My lord. Second State Councillor. I have come to greet you. I'm the eldest daughter of Jeongrang Song Jae-cheon. JEONGRANG : A SENIOR FIFTH RANK TITLE -My name is Sa-hui. -Sa-hui. What are you doing here? I'd like to take the civil service exam. What? But in order to do that, I need your help. Please help me convince my father. What... What in the world are you saying? Why would you do that? Sa-hui? You have a very clever daughter, Lord Song. I packed everything I could find, from blankets to garments, just as you requested. I think this should be plenty for her to use until she marries off her grandson. You did a good job. You'll be busy tomorrow, so you should go and get some rest. Yes, my lord. Jae-gyeong. I didn't know you'd be here. What's this? Open it. It's a gift. This is... Back when I was young, I really liked seeing you wear this deep green garment. I figured I should remind myself of back then in order to stop myself from hating you so much. Hae-ryung. I will... I will always be here for you. Really? This is great. My goodness. -Get back to work. -This way. My gosh. -It's a great day. -Yes. Thank you for coming. Please take a seat. My gosh, doesn't she look gorgeous? Look at how beautiful you are. My gosh, you look like a fairy. Just have no more than ten kids. They'll all look so pretty and handsome. Don't you agree? Where's Seol-geum? Don't even get me started. She's in her room, still crying. The groom is coming! -Look at him! -My gosh. -My goodness. -He's so good-looking. -How incredible. -My goodness. I'm sorry. I cannot... I cannot go ahead with this marriage! Your garment! -Hurry up and untie this for me. -Wait. My gosh, this is crazy. Let's go. Lady Hae-ryung, your cheeks. Seung-hun, have you lost your mind? I'm sorry. -My goodness. -What in the world? Over here. You're so mean. You know what will happen to me if anyone finds out that I'm at the library. That's why I made everyone in this area leave. Will you please help me? There's something I need to find, but I can't seem to find it. And there's not a decent precedent either. Haven't you come up with the exam question yet? Isn't the state exam today? Which is why I'm grasping at straws. Do you have an idea? I don't. But what I do know is that you shouldn't be looking at books for your answer. There are already tons of officials who can answer what's in these books by heart, just as they've learned. It is the duty of female historians to record the faults of the royalty, is it not? Therefore, most importantly... they must be impertinent. They should be impertinent? Find someone who does not fear the king, the Crown Prince, or the officials. I'm talking about a strange woman who is as stubborn as an ox and is as courageous as a general. Can we find such a woman in Joseon? I am sure we can find her somewhere. I'm here to take the female historian exam. I'm on my way to check out the exam. If you think about it, I'm the one who came up with the question. Wouldn't it be a waste not to make use of a smart woman like me? The name of that woman is Hae-ryung, is it? Where can I find that woman? Why are they always picking on us all the time? They're doing what? A hazing ritual? This is where the path was made? Did anyone come here? Was there anyone other than us? I've never seen such an arrogant answer before. You have the audacity to write something like this. Do you think I'm wrong? I asked you if you think I'm wrong. Yes, you're wrong. Subtitle translation by Eun-sook Yoon OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 