Mrs. America: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Mrs. America 
 s1e8 - Houston - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Mrs. America (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Houston - full transcript 
 Alice, Rosemary and Pamela cross into enemy territory at the National Women's Conference in Houston, where they come face-to-face with Feminist leaders. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 _ Sweet potato and marshmallows, green bean. Do we need a third casserole? We're gonna be 24, 23 if Helen goes into labor early, 25 if she's eating for 2. How many stuffings are we making? Two. I thought we could put your recipe in the bird and make Nana's pecan cornbread stuffing on the side. That would be a nice way to remember her for Thanksgiving. Gracie, you're gonna help Grandma 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with the grocery shopping and the baking. - Well... - Ah, that wasn't a question. Are you sure you've got everything? Rollers, hair spray, extra pantyhose? Nail polish for the runs. Mom, I have packed a suitcase before. I love you. Don't watch too much TV. Okay. Why isn't Phyllis going with you? She's busy filling a 20,000-seat arena for the counter rally. It's not going well... not that she'd admit it. The paper says all kinds of people 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 are going to be in Houston. Which is why we're going... To defend ourselves. If they're gonna start attacking homemakers... - Wait, wait, Mommy! - ...they should do it - to our faces. - Get back in the car, Kimmy. - It's so much faster to fly. - Pamela didn't want to. We'll be fine. I can do this. - Hello, Marion. - Here you go. Oh. I think you're sitting on St. Christopher. - Oh, sorry. - It's okay. Be careful. Mind the speed limit. Don't worry. I'm a great driver. _ _ Good mornin'! It's... While the amendment has certainly raised issues that are important to women, the trouble with it is it's rigid. It's absolute. It will manage the fabric of family life. - "Damage," not "manage." - Right. "Damage." "Damage the fabric of family life." I always mess that up. Why can't you just read the speech? Oh. It's just when I read it, the words sometimes dance around. You know I'm not a reader. Oh. Now it has doughnut grease all over it. Oh. I wanted to sit down for a proper breakfast. Well, better to rush now and have plenty of time to settle into our room before opening ceremonies. I asked Phyllis to write up exactly what I should say. When she says things, they're so much more official-sounding. You have to be absolutely word-perfect on the convention floor. Phyllis didn't give me a job to do. Oh. Well, she told all of us to snag as many on-camera interviews as we can. I promised Phyllis we'd make it our mission to find Gloria Steinem and tell her off. Oh. You think marriage is prostitution? Do I look like a prostitute, you radical pinko man-hater? - Lesbian lover! - Commie spinster! Baby killer degenerate! This says take the 10 East exit towards Beaumont/San Antonio. I said, "Left at the exit?" And you said, "Right." No, I-I said, "Right." Like, "That's right. Make a left." What is that? Yeah! Whoo! What is going on? _ I guess we could just follow them. Thousands of women gathered in Houston today as a symbolic torch marked the beginning of a National Women's Conference. More than 2,000 runners have passed this torch. 40,000 official observers and special guests are here. 300 anti-feminist delegates will attend, so are 1,000 members of the news media. The largest gathering of women in American history. ERA... now! ERA... now! ERA... now! ERA... now! We missed opening ceremonies. If you made a reservation, why do we have to wait in this long line? I also just arrived here. ... a constitutional underpinning so that the remaining areas of inequity that plague women can be removed. Excuse me. Hello. How are you today? Uh, I-I have a reservation under Macray. Mrs. Buck Macray. Uh, everyone has a reservation, but we're overbooked. What... What do you mean, overbooked? I made this reservation myself months ago. You and 850 other people. We only have 400 rooms. My husband should be able to straighten this out. Shall we get him on the phone? Uh, if you want. The payphones are just around the corner. ... promotion opportunities as a man. - So good to see you two! - It is a divorced woman fighting for Social Security benefits in her own right. It is the... - Rosemary! - Oh. Your hair is still in rollers. There are no more rooms left. Well, you should have gotten here earlier. Lucky for me, Jacquie had a spare bed at the Mitchell Inn. Maybe we should try the Mitchell Inn. They're overbooked, too. I would offer for you both to stay with us, but there are only two single beds, plus I sleep like a "T." They're arranging room shares. Why don't you put your name on the sign-up sheet? We have to change out of our travel clothes... and I have to put my face on. Well, there is a public restroom that way. Uh, listen... if we get separated, uh, meet in front of this fountain, okay? Good luck. Just go. - What? What are you doing? - Changing. Ev... Everyone else is. Come here. Excuse me. - We have decorum. - It's so cramped in here. If we had flown, we would've gotten here earlier, gotten a room, freshened up, and not had to bunk with strangers like a couple of troubled schoolgirls. I'm sorry. But you wanted to take a fun road trip. - I couldn't fly. - Why not? Occupied. I didn't know how to pay for it. Kevin handles the money. Someone is in here! He doesn't know you're here. Where does he think you are? - My mom's. - We need to call and let him know you are in Houston right now. - No, please! - I have driven you across state lines. He is your husband. He wouldn't have agreed to let me come. Well, that is his right! - Let's go find a phone... - No, please, you can't. He will just make me come back, and... and I have been looking forward to this for months. I need a break. I have the kids tugging at me all the time, and Kevin needs to know where I am all the time. I can't think at home. I need to think. Think about what? You wouldn't understand. You and Buck... are so lucky. Occupied! I'm just checking if you're okay in there. I heard crying. We're fine. Thank you! Come here. Oh, I shouldn't have worn these shoes. Remember, Buck says we have to take the bedspreads off. - I don't understand why. - Germs. After we settle, I have to find a payphone to call him. - You're not going to tell him. - I won't say anything. But if Kevin were to run into him... He won't. He's on a fishing trip with his brother. My sister-in-law said she'd call my mom if they were coming home... early. Is that Gloria Steinem? Are you the sleep over? I'm sorry. I think we have the wrong room. The front desk said you were coming. Welcome. I'm Audrey. I'm Pamela. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - You have a lot of bags. Wanna trade? No. But thank you. Is your neck all right? It'll be fine. The bed was just... Oh, I know. I had the best sleep in six years. Maybe you shouldn't have slept in the closet. You kept kicking me, so... Wait until you see the posters Rosemary brought for us. _ Mary Frances has prepared a wonderful speech for the homemaker plank as well as bringing us some lovely pies. Cobblers. Hello. Finally, there is one vote on the floor today that we have a real chance of winning, and that is the extension on the ERA deadline. Now, Ann will be delivering our opposition speech. Before we head over, I want to remind everyone that where we can make a real difference today is by getting media coverage to promote our pro-family values, or the story will be that all women from all over the country came to put together a pro-lesbian, pro-abortion, pro-ERA plan. You asked Ann to make the speech? Well, she was the first person to hand the libbers a defeat on the ERA. Because she read the article in Phyllis' newsletter, the one she wrote after I alerted her to the dangers of the ERA. Phyllis asked me to delegate, - and I'm delegating. - We should call her. We can't call Phyllis for every disagreement. She tasked me with giving a speech. I should do it. I-I've been with her since the beginning. The thing is, we need to be taken seriously, and you... I'm what? Not serious? I'm going to call Phyllis. Fine. If it's so important to you, then you can give the speech. I'm Rosemary Thomson from The Eagle Forum and STOP ERA, and today we will voice dissent about the unlawful ERA extension proposal. Will you give a speech in opposition before the vote? Uh... she will. I will be giving a speech tomorrow - before the abortion vote... - What is your name? Um, who, me? Um... Oh. Alice. Alice Macray. Where are you from? The Prairie State of Illinois. Can you tell me why you oppose extending the ERA deadline? We've been winning this fight fair and square. They can't change the rules in the middle of the game because they don't like the results. This proposed extension is a desperate attempt by feminists to get those last few states to ratify the ERA. Most people in this country don't want the ERA, and we deserve to have our voices heard. How do you explain the public opinion polls that show a majority of people in this country support the ERA? Which poll? All of them. I-I never said a majority. So you don't believe a majority of Americans support your position? No. I-I mean... I mean, yes. You're twisting my words. What I-I was trying to say is, um... uh... is f-feminists are... are a radical minority and... and most women support our movement. Where are you getting your information? Uh, "the... The proposed extension "is a desperate attempt by feminists to get those last three states to ratify the ERA." Yes, you said that already. Look at the camera. Smile. Smile. Lips. Keep going. Smile. Yeah, uh, um... I just, um... I just need a minute if you could... Could you turn off that... All right, all right. Uh, the point is there are rules, and the libbers are not abiding by them. An ungodly world dictatorship is the goal. Are you a national news broadcast? - Unbelievable. - She was trying to trip me up. She twisted my words. You made us all look like a bunch of blubbering idiots. "Um, uh... I'm sorry. I'm sorry." We are not sorry. Just say polls are wrong. They are. Should we call Phyllis now? Maybe Ann should speak instead of me. Absolutely. We can't look like fools on the floor. Let's just go, Ann. It wasn't that bad. Come on. Let's go inside. I think I left my compact in the room. I wish to offer the following amendment. I want to amend the Equal Rights Amendment provision by adding at the end, the words "only if done within the original 7-year period." All those in favor of the amendment, please rise. All those opposed to the amendment, please rise. I mean, I'm not even really sure what a delegate-at-large does, but let me tell you something. This delegate is going to cause trouble. You know, because I speak my mind, and I'm going to be speaking before the lesbian rights vote. And I'm not gonna fall in line. - No. - No. Are you gonna eat that olive? One Pink Lady? Oh. Thank you. Oh. What a day. Are you here all alone? Seem to have lost my one friend. Well, these big crowds can just be overwhelming. My God. That looks nice. Kinda matches your dress. I love a good cocktail. - Some days more than others. - Yeah? My husband always says there's no harm in having a few to smooth things over. Whatever happened, I'm sure it's not as bad as you think. I let everyone down. I should've listened. I don't know what I was thinking. Oh, that's right. I wasn't. In my experience, everything looks brighter when I pray. Dear Lord... I reach out to you for guidance. Please show me which way to turn. Calm my anxious thoughts and come speak into my mind. - In Jesus' Name, Amen. - Amen. And if that doesn't help, I take a Christian pill. Calm the nerves. I'm gonna have one of those, too. - Oh. - That's at her Communion. Oh. Aw. That's such a sweet little dress. - My mother made it. - Oh, it's just darling. Yeah, she's a real beauty now. - Ah. - Almost 14. They grow up so fast. My three boys are young men, all out of the house. They say that boys are much easier than girls. She's a late bloomer, not like my older one, always has her head in a book. Is it just me, or was it so much less complicated when we were girls? I mean, we had less choices, but... - Much simpler, yes. - Oh, yes. I was prom queen at 15, dating my husband at 16, married at 19. I was 18. Oh, boy, we were babies. - Buck, who's my husband... - Yeah. He's the first boy I ever kissed. You sweet thing. Bobby and I were married for 30 years. He passed two years ago. March. I'm so sorry. I don't think I would've gotten through it without my friend Susie from church. I was just a puddle, and she wiped me up. She's so strong. I have a friend exactly like that. Such a blessing. She's coming to Houston tomorrow. Well, she's missing all the fun. I don't know if she would think this is fun. But she's the reason I'm here. We met at a parent-teacher conference years ago. - Our sons were in the same class. - Yeah. I could still remember when Phyllis came in, she... she looked so different than... than the rest of us. And maybe not different. Just a... a better version. If you know what I mean. You know, I didn't even vote or think about voting until I met her. Oh. I mean, Buck always said voting was a waste of time. Phyllis is the first woman I knew that not only understood politics, but also, she was so smart about it... The Soviets and communism. I think I'm just smarter by being around her. And no matter how busy she is, she always finds time to check all of my correspondence. She... checks your correspondence? Oh, for mistakes. A lot of political language goes right over my head. You don't seem to have any trouble expressing yourself. Liquid courage. I came to politics late, too. But I didn't really get active in NOW until my youngest son left the house. Gosh. Did you say NOW? Yeah, and everyone in my town thought I'd become a radical lesbian. You should have told me you were in NOW. Are you okay? Hey, let go of me! Sorry. Buck is at the Y. Oh, right. I forgot it's Saturday. So? How did it go with the speech? Uh, it... it went... really well. Oh, thank goodness. I was so worried. What did you wear? - My lavender dress. - I'll bet you looked lovely. Such a pretty smile. I'm so proud of you. Make sure you save the program with your name listed as a delegate. How's the Thanksgiving preparations going? I got the turkeys on sale... 2 for $16. I'm going back to the grocery store tomorrow. I couldn't find Nana's pecan cornbread recipe. Do you remember the ingredients? - Yes. Do you have a pen? - Hold on. Okay. - 2 1/2 cups green onions. - Green onions. Celery, carrots, parsley. Uh-huh. Butter, chicken stock, sausage. Uh, sausage. 2 cups pecans. Uh-huh. A teaspoon of thyme and a pinch of sage. Got it. I'll get started on the pies tomorrow. Ah, it's always difficult to find the right apples. I'll probably have to go to two different stores to find McIntosh. I'll try Schwegel's tomorrow, and if they're out of them, I guess I can drive over to Schnucks. I'll get directions from Buck, and then if you wanna give me directions now... Alice? Are you still there... It's about everything, absolutely. We want to push that... push that... How can I help you? I'm looking for something to eat. Our restaurant is closed for the night. - Oh. - But you might try Seneca Falls South across the street. Could you point me in that direction? Of course. Just go out the front door and head west. Could you actually point? Is that gabardine? Have you seen Pamela? Not since the convention floor. We lost the vote on the ERA extension. You don't think Phyllis will see my interview on TV? She might. Ann did a terrific job on her speech, but Bella and the storm troops of women's lib shut her microphone off right in the middle of it, closed down the entire debate. It was just ridiculous. Did you take that from the garbage pile? I think someone's had too much to drink. I think someone has... Oh. I was illegally terminated from my job when I was five months pregnant, and I was working for the ACLU... The ACLU, whose stated purpose is to defend and preserve rights and privileges. Amazing, right? Psst! I know you. Cite the case! ... reportaron estos crímenes y estamos escuchando. Feticidio, infanticidio, abuso doméstico, pornografía. - Hey, move! - Move! Sit down! What we learn from the Gnostic Gospels is that in the very early days of Christianity, women were included in the rituals. They were viewed as being sort of priests. The Gnostics claimed that Jesus considered the Holy Spirit to be feminine. It wasn't until about the 2nd century that the backlash began. Reclaiming Mary's reputation as an early church leader is the first step toward the ordination of women. Christ has died. Christ is risen. Christ will come again. Through Him, with Him, and in Him, in the unity of the Holy Spirit. All glory and honor is yours, almighty Father, forever and ever. Amen. Amen. You're a woman. You can't consecrate the Eucharist. I've always said, women can do whatever they want, Alice. Body of Christ. Blood of Christ. I really am very hungry. They're still serving food at the gay lounge. ♪ I saw below me the golden valley ♪ ♪ This land was made for you and me ♪ ♪ I've roamed and rambled, and I've followed my footsteps ♪ ♪ To the sparkling sands of ♪ ♪ Her diamond deserts ♪ ♪ And all around me ♪ ♪ A voice was sounding ♪ You okay? I discovered a better way to eat. ♪ When the sun came shining ♪ ♪ And I was strolling ♪ ♪ And the wheat fields ♪ ♪ ... waving and the dust clouds rolling ♪ ♪ As the fog was lifting ♪ ♪ A voice was chanting ♪ ♪ This land was made for you and me ♪ ♪ Nobody living can ever stop me ♪ ♪ As I go walking ♪ ♪ That freedom highway ♪ ♪ Nobody living ♪ ♪ Could ever make me turn back ♪ ♪ This land was made for you and me ♪ ♪ This land is your land ♪ ♪ This land is my land ♪ ♪ From California ♪ ♪ To the New York island ♪ ♪ From the Redwood forest ♪ ♪ To the Gulf Stream waters ♪ ♪ This land was made for you and me ♪ Yes, now. You've got a beautiful voice. It's our favorite song at home. I learned it with all my kids when they were in school. Mm. Woody Guthrie wrote it. Oh, he's a poet. He's a socialist. Come on. Don't be ridiculous. You were up there belting out a Marxist song. Oh, no, no, no. It's patriotic. Exactly. I need milk. ♪ Some people hurtin' ♪ ♪ Someone chokin' up inside ♪ They put these posters up all over Albert Thomas. I wanted to keep them out. But here we are. All this work. I didn't think they would be so... mean. I'm sorry. We need to respond. What are you doing on the floor? You have our key. Well, did you try knocking on the door, see if they're in? I heard a lot of voices in there, and it sounded like they were arguing. Where have you been? - Where have I been? - I... couldn't find the hotel. I got turned around after the convention. Why didn't you wait by the fountain like I said? Why didn't you come inside to the convention like you said? Because you messed up? - She twisted my words. - I was worried about you. Well, don't worry about me. I'm fine. You should worry about what you're going to say to Kevin when you get back. Maybe I won't go back. What are you talking about? I'll just get pregnant again. I can't have another child. I can barely... Clearly! You can't be alone for a few hours in a hotel! You... You can't even walk through a door by yourself! You need Kevin! - You promised not to leave me. - Oh, don't start crying. Please, just stop it. I've had a long night. I'm back. Come in, come in. Sorry about the crowd. We're still working. How's it going in here? She smells so good. That's a pretty color on you. Thank you. It's just that we are less than 12 hours from the vote on the floor, and the only thing we agree on is that none of us can agree on the language. The resolution is too broad to encompass the issues of all women of color. The Black Caucus had its own version of this resolution drafted since before the torch run. What if each of the caucuses got to write their own addendum? - Mm. - How long is this addendum? - Too long. - Great. Then that's how long yours will be. Well, I'm not above comparing length. It works for men. Finally, common ground. So before I go back to the caucuses with this new idea, I want to make sure everyone here approves this approach. - Audrey? - Yes. - Carmen? - Yes. - Anna? - Yes. - Yes? - Yes. - Mariko? - Yes. Rhea, Billie? Alice. How did you get in here? I'm meeting the press. What? That's a pretty color on you. You heard about my interview. I wrote it all down for you word for word, Alice. You rejected my words, didn't you? - No. - You rejected them. You should fix your face. - I can't... breathe. - You're a reject. You're a reject. You're a reject. A reject. You're a reject! ... rejected the ERA in 1972 and rejected it again in 1973 and 1974 and every year since. There was a Roper poll that was released this week that showed only 19% identified with you or your goals. Doesn't this just go against your point that the tide is against the women's movement? No, it certainly doesn't, because that is... ... a poll that cannot be professionally defended. It was a poll that... Such a positive message, and I love the colors. Pro, pro, pro. Professional. You're a little Picasso. - Mm-hmm. - Thank you. We have a big day on the floor today. I'm glad you could join us. We were starting to get worried that you'd been kidnapped by the militant lesbians. Imagine? - Why didn't you wake me? - Your buttons are off. So as soon as the vote is over, we have to hustle on over to the Astro Arena to meet Phyllis and Lottie at our rally. There are 200 of us, and everybody counts. I heard she couldn't get enough buses, and no one wanted to drive through the night. We just have to pray that there will be at least a thousand of us. That'll be a respectable showing. Uh, I would just like to thank Rosemary for shepherding us through the fire with grace. Ann, oh, thank you. - Excuse me. - I... I-I wanted to ask why we're opposing all of the feminist resolutions. We're not anti-employment or education or minority women. I'm not saying that we shouldn't fight for what we believe in, but shouldn't we try to find consensus about something? But you give the libbers an inch, they'll take a mile. Let them. There's a lot of land. If we want to be taken seriously, we... we have to show that we are not hard-hearted, that we are not stubborn just for the sake of it. It's not Christian. I came here to defend myself, but I have to ask, who exactly is attacking us? Should we head over? NOW has been posting all this propaganda all over our posters. Can you believe? It's so petty. I'm gonna have to take one and give it to Phyllis. She's gonna be furious. _ Choice! Choice! Choice! Choice! This is what the abortionist... Choice! Choice! Choice! Order! Oh, no, let her speak. Uh, they have a right to speak. This is what the abortionists do. They take the lovely baby from its natural habitat, and they rip it out... and they throw it away. Would all of those in favor of the reproductive freedom resolution please rise? The resolution has clearly carried and is adopted. I move the following resolution on sexual preference. Congress states that local legislatures should enact legislation to eliminate discrimination on the basis of sexual and affectional preference. I am known to be violently opposed to the lesbian issue as someone who perhaps loves men too much. But... I do believe we must help the women who are lesbians to be protected in their own civil rights. Yeah! Would all those in favor of the sexual preference resolution please rise? Let this message go forth from Houston and spread all over the land. There is a new understanding, a new sisterhood against all injustices born right here. We will not be divided and defeated again. All those in favor of this resolution, stand. I'm sorry. I will help you, whatever you need. This is depressing. I'm going to pack. I'll meet you at the taxi stand? ♪ ... overcome ♪ ♪ We shall overcome ♪ ♪ We shall overcome ♪ ♪ Someday ♪ ♪ Deep in my heart ♪ ♪ I do believe ♪ ♪ We shall overcome ♪ ♪ Someday ♪ We are not afraid! ♪ We are not afraid ♪ ♪ We are not afraid ♪ ♪ We are not afraid ♪ ♪ Today ♪ I think I'm going to write a book. "The Price of Liberty." Do you get it? - Mm-hmm. - Lib-erty. She really did it. It's great. There she is. Phyllis! Oh, no, they're with us. How'd it go? I like to think we changed a few hearts and minds. We filled it. 20,000 people. You did it. Was it awful? It was, uh... something. Did you run into Gloria Steinem? No. You should fix your face. ... United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 