Black Ops: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Ops 
 s2e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Ops (2012–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Israeli special forces units, including the famous Sayeret Matkal, join together in a critical operation to prevent Syria from obtaining the necessary components for developing a nuclear weapon from a notorious rogue state. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A hostile country is trying to build a nuclear bomb. Behind the plot is a mastermind focused on the destruction of Israel. General Mohammad Simon hated Israelis, hated the State of Israel. It will take three elite black ops units to deal with this menace. Special forces operating deep within enemy territory to confirm the threat. If there was a mistake made, that could have been war. And elite flying unit to take it out. They destroyed their target, they exited, they lost nothing. And finally an assassination unit to deal with the man behind the threat. Three of them came as scuba divers to his beach house shot him and then disappeared. This is the top-secret story, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 of this railing strike against Syria. North Korea 2004. Deep inside this secretive communist state a... train travels through a remote northern town. Then suddenly... In April of 2004, there was a massive... train explosion in northern North Korea. The explosion is so enormous it registers a magnitude 3.6. equivalent to a small earthquake. It killed several hundred people, destroyed a town of 10,000 people. at 2,000 people wounded. According to the North Korean government, the train was carrying liquefied petroleum. But before anyone can discover anything more, The regime forbids further reporting on the incident. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A week later they banned all use of cell phones in North Korea. for five years. Just what is going on in the rogue nuclear state. Five thousand miles away, one nation is following the incident with great interest. Meir Dagan is Israel's top spot. The chief of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad. Meir Dagan was a legendary figure in the Israeli security establishment. He had a reputation for being very brutal. And what he was prepared to do in... pursuit of israel's national security interest. North Korea behaving secretly is nothing new. But what intrigues Dagan on our intelligenc reports that a Syrian aircraft... has now landed in North Korea. Contact between North Korea and the Arab world is unusual, and highly concerning to Israel. And that was when these really started to take a closer interest, in what was going on. The plane is supposed to be delivering aid. But instead it seems it is being loaded with the bodies of victims of the crash. And the bodies are being transported in lead-lined coffins, and have carried by men wearing chemical weapon suits. This is extremely strange. Meir Dagan is informed that the bodies in the lead coffins are not North Koreans. but Syrian scientists. There were 12 Syrian scientists from something... called a Syrian Scientific Research Center. Their covert military research and acquisition center. It raises a terrifying possibility to Dagan. Could North Korea be helping Syria to build a nuclear weapon. Dagan has to find out more. It becomes a top priority for Mossad. And will eventually lead to one of the most extraordinary black ops of all time. Two years later. A woman walks into a London hotel bar. Her arrival is noticed by a man who's been drinking alone. But this is no innocent meeting. The man is a high-ranking Syrian nuclear official travelling to London alone. He comes to London resigning in a posh hotel. He has a meeting tomorrow morning in... in London. But he has the night of the evening to spend. He goes to the bar of the hotel. And is extremely happy, that in the bar He meets a woman with a wonderful character. But what the Sirian doesn't know, is that he is under surveillance. Mossad had been alerted to the Syrians visited. When he checked into a hotel under a false name. The Israelis dispatched teams of people to monitor. Unaware he is being watched, the Syrian continues to flirt with the woman. And she's also pressed by him. There's another drink, and another drink, and he's confident that he has a wonderful way of spending the night. But he is also unaware that the woman is not as she seems. He doesn't know that this woman is a part of the Mossad crew. and she was there to keep him busy. while her team is breaking into his hotel room. the Mossad agents are members of the nefud unit. experts in covert bugging. The team specialized in breaking into hotel rooms. It takes just seconds for the Nefud team to override the hotel room security. Once inside they realize they have hit the jackpot. The Syrian official has left his laptop completely unguarded. Immediately they go to work. The Mossad was able to break in get its hands on the... laptop computer and copy his contents off the hard drive. The agents transfer the entire contents of a computer... hard drive to Masada HQ in Aviv instantaneously. They took all the information from the computer. And then they put devices on the computer to... monitor any future activity from that computer. As they leave the room the female Mossad agent abandons the unsuspecting Syrian. Within 15 minutes Dagan and his analysts are looking at the files in Tel Aviv. What they found on his computer was really rather extraordinary. On one folder they found JPEG's. That look very odd. Appearing on the screens in front of Dangan are hundreds... of photos documenting the construction of a large industrial facility. It was this is an unknown facility, a huge one. The building they saw was quite large a hundred and... thirty feet by a hundred and thirty feet by seventy feet tall. Initially the building resembles a tree house on... stilts with pipes leading to a pumping station. Later photos show modifications. And eventually the entire complex is hidden beneath a huge roof. Initially Dagan is unsure of what the facility might be. But then it begins to dawn on him what the images are showing. He sees large industrial equipment inside the facility. It is an exact replica of something Dagan has seen before. In intelligence images from North Korea. They showed that it was almost an exact replica of the... Jung Byung nuclear weapons facility in North Korea. It was exactly the same reactor. The two were perfectly matched. Dagan has no doubt as to what they have uncovered. The evidence was overwhelming. North Korea was building a nuclear reactor in Syria. The potential for a nuclear weapons program in Syria, is a direct threat to Israel's national security. And one that would have to be neutralized immediately. 2006. Analysts for the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad have uncovered information indicating that Syria, with the help of North Korea is in the process... of developing a nuclear weapons program. Further evidence from the confiscated laptop of a... Syrian nuclear official confirms their greatest fear. There were blueprints of the nuclear power plant. There were pictures of the nuclear power plant. The Israelis even had photographs of Syrians and North Korean nuclear experts together. It is Israel's nightmare scenario. A hostile nuclear power on its own doorstep. Whoever is building this has only one purpose, to build to assemble a nuclear bomb. Dagan is now certain there is a nuclear weapons program in Syria. But he has no idea where it is. Intent on finding out, he orders Israeli satellites to monitor potential sites. Eventually they close in on a remote area of Syria called Al Khobar. Where some highly unusual communications have been monitored. They intercepted a very unusual spike of... telephone communications from this location, at Al Khobar which is in the middle of nowhere in the desert to Pyongyang, North Korea. It was very far from the capital Damascus. It was in a remote part of... northeastern Syria but not far from the Euphrates River in the border with Iraq. Israeli satellites now pinpoint a large building at bunker Al Khobar. When they compared them with the stolen images... from the Syrian laptop it is a perfect match. Al Khobar has to be the site of Syria's nuclear weapons program. Armed with the intel on the syrian facility, Dagan goes to see the israeli prime minister a Ehud Olmert. Mein Dagan came to see Prime Minister Olmert, and told him this dramatic news. That Syria is an advanced stage of developing nuclear weapon. The Israeli prime minister immediately recognizes the seriousness of the threat. Olmert said one thing right at the start, and that was the... Syrian nuclear weapons program is simply intolerable for Israel. It cannot be permitted, this is an existential threat to Israel. This reactor has to go away. The only way to be rid of the nuclear weapons... program is to blow up the reactor. But first he has a series of questions to Dagan. Most importantly, how far advanced is the reactor? If it is already operational then a bombing could cause a catastrophe. If the reactor is already active, then full destruction of the reactor might cause... an enormous environmental pollution poisoning. But Dagan doesn't know yet if the reactor is fully operational. The JPG's we're 15 months old. So this facility must be more advanced. They desperately need to find out how advanced the construction is. That means doing something extremely risky. Sending someone in to take a look. The next step would have to be risking the lives of operatives. Olmert has only one group of men capable of operating... undetected hundreds of miles within enemy territory. So he calls upon israel's elite black ops unit. In English they are known as "The Unit. In Hebrew, they are the Sayeret Matkal. Sayeret Metkal is the highest elite commando unit of the israeli army. Sayeret Matkal in Israel is nothing short of legendary or mythical. It's essentially the top unit in the army. Their job is to go on special operations that are... considered beyond the scope of your regular troops. It's a unit model after the British SAS. Seal teams are similar to her Delta Force. Is similar to her. They're some of the most highly trained units in the world. The Sayeret Matkal has a one particular special team. Operating covertly behind enemy lines. The expert of Sayeret Matkal is to... infiltrate enemy countries in silent... intelligence gathering operations. They've gone into Jordan, they've gone in a Lebanon. They've done missions in and out of these countries undetected. While never officially confirmed it is believed... that on an overcast summer night. The selected commandos prepare to set out on their mission. They have deep behind enemy lines to confirm the... existence of the Syrian nuclear weapons program. The Israelis have been very secretive about how they got there. But certainly they are very adept at using low-flying almost silent helicopters. It is understood they boarded two Sikorsky CH-53 sea stallion helicopters. To travel at low altitude and scross the border into Syria. The commandos who dropped to safe distance from the facility. Israelis were able to get on the ground within about... a mile of this mystery building in northeastern Syria. As the commandos set off they know that no matter what the Syrians must not be alerted to their presence. Once the helicopters are gone if the Syrians discover them, there is no chance of being rescued. But that was an extremely risky Intel gathering mission. If there is a mistake made and they are compromised, that could have been war. The Sayeret Metkal commandos come within feet of the alcove our facility. And immediately start intelligence gathering. The unit it'd the Intel collection on the ground. raid at the site. That was extremely dangerous. Collecting soil and water samples from around the facility... is the most important element of the mission. It is the only way Israel can find out for sure if the reactor is operational. If the reactor is active, then a very small portion not lethal, but very very small portion of radioactive... substance would be found in the water. Once the Intel collection is complete, the commandos hide their tracks and prepare to depart. But then... They were almost caught. They left the scene in the very last minute. The commandos remain undetected. And with the mission complete, they return to Israel with the soil and water samples. The results of those samples will soon set into motion... a series of even more dangerous covert missions into Syria. Israel's elite black ops unit, the Sayeret Metkal, have successfully retrieved soil and water samples from behind enemy lines in Syria. In a government laboratory in Tel Aviv, the samples are now tested for nuclear contamination. The results of the exhaustive tests are delivered to Olmert and Dagan. The soil and water samples do contain traces of nuclear contamination. But crucially not at levels that indicate the reactor is fully operational. The samples prove that the reactor is still inactive. This is critical news. It means Olmertt can now give the order. To take it out. Olmert calls a meeting of Israel's top military and intelligence chiefs. They are all in agreement on one thing. However this reactor got started and whenever it got started the end is clear. The reactor is intolerable. We're not going to allow it, and it's going to go away. Olmert's only option is to strike from the air. Air power is an advantage. it can come like a light, it's very speedy, It's can do the job with a lot ordnance. and disengage before the enemy understand what happened. the Prime Minister gives the order to prepare... for an aerial assault on the Syrian reactor. it will be known as Operation Orchard. And for it to succeed Olmert alerts another of Israel special forces units. squadron 69 known as the Patishim. The hammer squadron. There is no squadron better suited for a... mission to destroy an enemy nuclear program. That's because they have done a quick. 25 years earlier, 8 hammer squadron pilots... flew into Iraq, to bomb a nuclear... facility being built by Saddam Hussein. I was a fighter pilot, a major. Deputy squadron commander. Who propelled himself... to destroy the nuclear reactor. Evading Iraq air defenses, they take out... the facility in a clinical strike. the OL operation from takeoff to the attack was one hour 43 minutes and 30 seconds. But a quarter century later an... attack on Syria is a much harder prospect. For decades Syria has been... developing one of the most formidable anti-aircraft defense systems in the world. They have installed the Russian built tor m1 air defense system. And have a multiple surface-to-air missiles ready to launch against any air attack. Nothing is easy when it comes to attacking a... country that has anti-aircraft systems. And so the Israelis worked hard on their countermeasures. The hammer squadron has aircrafts... specifically designed to evade such air defenses. The US-made F-15 and F-16 fighters bombers. The F-16 is well equiped to... cope with a lock-on of alpha missile battery and we can break the lock we can use some ECM flares against guided missiles and some electronic warfare against the same batteries. They also carry electronic countermeasures that can fool the syrian air defense system and allow the attacking craft to enter Syrian airspace undetected. A date has yet to be decided for operation Orchard. But then Prime Minister Olmert receives intelligence that forces his hand. Mossad has detected activity on the Syrian Coast. Noth Korean ships were arriving at the port of Tartus in Syria. these ships are carrying the final materials the Syrians need for the all Al Kibar reactor to become fully operational. Olmert has to act now. At exactly 11:59 at night 10 hammer squadron pilots are ordered to take off. Even now they have no idea what their target is. There were two sets of planes that took... off around midnight. in early September. the F-16s and F-15s take off 20 seconds apart. armed with 500-pound agm-65 bombs They head out to sea of nearly 600 miles an hour. and follow a route designed to avoid detection by Syrian air defenses. What the Israeli Air Force did was map a route that would take planes to the west over the Mediterranean then north then East over Turkish airspace. Israel's prime minister and senior military commanders gather in the Israeli Air Force's underground command center known as the pit. Here they monitor the rout of the fighter bombers. Once it is established that there are no technical faults with any of the planes. Three of the F-15s are ordered to return to home. The remaining seven continue on the planned route at low altitude. They flew up the Mediterranean and then on the east on the Syrian Turkish border. This is only now that the pilots are told that this is a live mission and that they are... flying into heavily defended Syrian airspace. These elite pilots are trained to suppress nerves. As a fighter pilot develop some mechanism and techniques how to decrease the fear I'm not telling you that there is no fear. If somebody will tell you is not afraid, he's lying to you. It's always there, it is always with you. The fact that you can be killed. the hammer squadron is now just minutes... from entering Syrian airspace, and straight into the crosshairs of Syria's formidable air defenses. September 6, 2007. operation orchard is in effect and Israel's special forces unit the hammer squadron prepares for an aerial assault on their target, a Syrian nuclear reactor. As the planes approach Syrian airspace it is now that they will encounter their enemies air defense systems. The militay side of the operation involved somehow evading the Syrian radar so it's not to alert the Syrians to their presence using codes allegedly sold to them by Russia. the Israelis are able to make the Syrian air defenses suddenly display hundreds of enemy planes. Then just as suddenly the Syrian system detects no enemy planes at all to the Syrians it appears like a brief technical glitch. So the Israelis actually made the Syrian system think that everything was normal as though the radar screens were absolutely fine but the Israeli planes were invisible the Syrians didn't even know they were under attack. Now in enemy airspace they move on to the next stage. precise coordinates of the Al Kibar complex are sent to the Israeli pilots onboard computers and the plane swing south to begin their bombing. so this is the risky time this is where your breathing become much more in any high polls. As the pilots focus on the target they are at their most vulnerable You have one minute that you are exposed to everybody, and you are not defending yourself because you are concentrating on aiming on the target this is the one minutes that the most difficult of the fly. As they begin their bombing run the pilot suddenly detect anti-aircraft rockets. Back in the Pit, in tel-aviv, they have no idea what is going on. Has the target been hit? And the pilots been shot down? Then comes a radio transmission. It's the single word Arizona, the code word that confirms the bombs have found their target. Not a single Israeli plane has been lost. and the reactor has been totally destroyed. there was nothing left really but a smoking ruin at the reactor. The most dangerous part of the mission is over. When you release the bombs you are much lighter now you can maneuver much stronger and you go back too long to a low level and then you start to relax. The pilots exit Syrian airspace at high speed. The mission is a complete success. They destroyed their target. They exited. They lost nothing. Ehud Olmer immediately telephones the White House. To tell President Bush that's something that never existed doesn't exist anymore. Now there is a tense wait for the Syrian response. Olmert confident that the Syrians won't risk reacting publicly. But he cannot be certain. Immediately after the raid he had sent a... message to Syrian President Bashar al-assad saying that Israel would not openly take credit for the raid. They calculated that if they didn't make too... much noise about it. Claimed responsibility for it didn't boast about it that it might be in a sense best interest, simply to ignore it. Sure enough, the gamble pays off. Syrian state news announces that Israeli planes... had been repelled from Syrian airspace. It is a lie. But both countries are... content to pretend that the bombing never happened. It seems Olmert has successfully safeguarded Israel's future. But one thing still bothers Ehud Olmert undergone. How had Syria managed to develop a nuclear weapons program in complete secrecy. For seven years Israel didn't know about the number one project that the Syrians were engaged with. Now a nuclear reactor is not something that it's easy to hide. It's a huge facility. So Mossad begins investigating how Syria... has managed to keep the Al Kibar facility a secret. What they uncover is... that the Syrians had developed a networking system that avoided all... electronic communications. They took a flight back in time. They said let's in the most sensitive issues let's not use any sort of electronic transmission. Every time we want to send a message we will print the hard copy, put it in an envelope. Seal it with wax... right top secret and build a network of... couriers that would take these envelopes - from place to place. - And at the heart of... this communication system is a man renowned for his hatred of Israel and one of the most powerful men in Syria. general Mohammad Suleman. Mohammad Suleman was the most powerful closest advisor to the current leader of Syria Assad. His office was just across the hall from the office of the... president in the presidential palace in Damascus. Because of his closeness to the president Suleiman is known as Assad shadow. This is the mastermind behind serious top secret nuclear program. Suleiman he had credit for the compartmentalization within the Syrian government that allowed him to undertake this project for years. And no one knows far. But Mossad has uncovered some even more worrying intelligence. The intelligence was that Suleiman had not gotten the message. After the destruction of the nuclear power plant Israelis received intelligence that the Syrians were resuming their efforts to build another nuclear power plant. The Syrians may have to start from scratch. But with Suleiman in charge, it seems that the Syrian nuclear weapons... program could soon be up and running again. You know technically when you destroy a nuclear program, within five years and the countries that have done it can do it again. If you have enough money, enough determination and know-how. And you start from zero your nuclear program. In five years you can have the bomb. the Israelis conclude that so long as Suleiman is in charge they remain under threat. He and his talented bureaucratic and organizational capabilities are still run. So what do you do? For Israel there seems no other option. They have to kill him. Israeli Special Forces have... successfully neutralized the threat of a... Syrian nuclear weapons program. But to ensure it does not return. They must now... take out its mastermind Syrian general Mohammad Suleman. But eliminating Suleiman will be a much... harder task than striking at a static... building in the desert. The Syrian general is an incredibly cautious man. His movements are a closely guarded secret. Known only to a few. In Damascus he is under armed guard. Getting to him there will be impossible. But in the summer of 2008, Mossad... discovers that Suleiman is planning to... spend a weekend a his second home. An Villa in the Syrian coastal city of Tartous. Security in Tartous is far more relaxed. If they're going to kill the general, this is the time and place to do it. But it will require another of israel's... black ops units to carry it out. This group is called the kidon. Kidon means bayonets. They were known within the Mossad for assassinations but also knew how to slip - in and out of countries. - Among even their... enemies they are respected as extremely talented and well trained in the operations theater. the Kidon is the most secretive of all of Israel's elite units and almost no operational details of their missions have ever been released by any Israeli government. They are notorious for one specialized activity. Assassinating Israel's enemies, wherever they may be. As the Kidon kid on study Suleiman's villa. They realized that although well guarded from. the street from the sea the rear of the villa is totally exposed. The Israelis then discovered that when staying at his Villa. Suleiman hosts his guests on the balcony overlooking the sea. Initially they consider bringing a boat close enough to the shore for a sniper to target Suleiman from the boat. But it seems this plan is rejected. They will only have one chance and a long-range shot from a moving boat. Is just too risky. The further out the shot the When harder it is to get a headshot. You're taking a shot from a bowl of a guy on land it's a little bit of a harder mission. The only other option is to send someone on to shore. A yacht sails up the Mediterranean coast... towards Tartous. It is registered to a wealthy businessman. But today the crew is believed to be carrying two kidon snipers. They sent in a one of their intelligence assassination teams, in a ship off the coast of Tartous off the coast of Syria. About a mile off the coast the yacht drops its sails and the assassins make their way to shore. Snipers from the ship came as scuba divers to his beach house. At the same time general Suleiman arrives at his weekend home. As the Sun sets the snipers supposedly... emerge from the water. They watch the guests as they mingle on the terrace. Eventually Suleiman appears. He was having dinner at his country home. Along the sea his friends and family were sitting around the dinner table. As the general entertains his guests, the two... snipers line him up in their crosshairs. They get ready to take the shot. But then their target is obscured. They move to a new position. the two snipers relocate. And aim their rifles. They have earpieces enabling them to... hear an electronic countdown.l This wil ensure they fire simultaneously. It was a difficult shot, but they did... - shoot until he was down. - And the mission... was over and they got away with it. Both bullets had found their target. One in the head one in the neck. Like the bombing of the reactor Israel will never officially admit to the assassination of general Suleiman. The Israelis do not talk publicly about... killing people overseas because it's actually against the rules. But they do... say things, including in this incident, they referred to it as a very happy accident. That was actually an official statement. Taking out the threat of a... Syrian nuclear weapons program has been... an extraordinary accomplishment. Calling upon three elite Special Forces units. The Sayeret Matkal to identify the threat. The hammer squadron to take it out. And the Kidon on to ensure that it cannot return. Thanks to these operations a... dangerous and volatile regime has been... stopped from acquiring the most dangerous of all weapons of mass destruction. the importance of that has only been made more evidence since 2011. When Syria began its descent into a vicious Civil War. Subtitles: Kilo 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 