Fire Force: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fire Force 
 s1e5 - The Battle Begins - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fire Force (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Battle Begins - full transcript 
 While jogging, Shinra inadvertently disturbs Iris's purification rite, and sees that she is troubled. When Iris later turns up missing, the other members of Company 8 rally to Company 5's compound, to which Iris had secretly slipped away. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness... But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age... Nee-san... Huh? S-Sorry! Was she crying? I really am sorry. Th-That's okay. I was the one being absent-minded. Take care with your training, okay? Thank you very much. Well, if you'll excuse me... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, um, Sister...? Is there something troubling you? Helping others out is a Fire Soldier's whole purpose, so... Thank you very much. The darkness is illuminated The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out My dream might be to make a stable living but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation The end is illuminated Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking? Time can sometimes be irksome, but we're enveloped in warmth Flames rise to show us the way reminding us of a gentle melody 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There is no eternity, none at all, they say I just smile, thinking that's fine with me If we shine, someday, our light will go out We'll keep on walking until the day the fire of our lives gets doused Playthings that make sounds and magic that chases pain away are all precious treasures to me There is no eternity, none at all, they say We'll keep on walking until the day the fire of our lives gets doused After that little dustup with the 5th yesterday, you probably know this, but that bunch is hinky. We're going to investigate them, and it may come to blows. Captain Obi, that's no longer physical training... It's something physical-training adjacent. Hinawa! Our primary objective is to put Infernals to rest, and to keep the public safe. However, we must keep in mind the 8th's hidden objective to investigate suspicious crew members and find the means to oppose them, as well. "Setsuko-in-the-Wall" Like Captain Obi said... I'm so distracted by his cap, I can't hear a word he's saying. Damn you, griffin! Attack my castle again, will you? I'll tarnish Excalibur with your blood! You really are an idiot. Say what you want, but please don't take down that adorable griffin. You'll be arrested for violating the wildlife protection laws. You're pretty dangerous yourself, there, Maki-san. Then again, 90% of the time, Maki-san is cool, beautiful, and lovely. It's just a shame about the other 10%. A shame...? Hey, you people, this is an important meeting. No idle chatter. Lieutenant! Please don't point your gun at us, even as a joke! Do I look like the kind of man who jokes? Huh? Látom. My leg! My... leg... There's nothing there. But how? An airgun...? No, it's a real gun. Lieutenant Hinawa is a second generation, like me. He can't start fires on his own, but he is able to control them. He weakened the gunpowder's explosive force so that when he shot you, it was with nonlethal force. "Weakened" Unlike Infernals, when you face a hostile second or third generation, there's no telling what they might do. We're going to start going up against them, too. Arthur, you're an idiot, so that goes double for you. I'm a man who slays dragons. You'll have to find a dragon first, though. Training starts now. I'm going to push the hell out of you. Don't focus only up top! Watch your opponent's whole body! Lieutenant, I can't stand how the 5th would even joke about burning civilians. Who is that Captain Princess, anyway? Third-generation Fire Soldier, Princess Hibana. She rose out of nowhere from Haijima, and landed in her current position. From what I've learned, she seems to have gotten where she is by illegally researching Infernals and selling away her data. In that case, she might already know the cause behind human combustion! She has enough data to allow an upstart like her to become a captain, at least. We're planning on using force to get it, too. We're getting into the 5th, even if it means violence. Your feet and Arthur's plasma will be useful to that end. Forget the data, I'm just in it to smash the 5th. "Special Fire Force Complex 5" Please, stop, already! Gravel! Gravel! Gravel! Silence! Your body is the one I'm talking to! Tell me everything about yourself that I don't already know! Both you and everything that's not you is all gravel! Lay the foundation for my happiness, you gravel scum! It's coming out! It's coming out! What do I care, you piece of crap? Keep on screaming, you nobody. Lie there on the ground for my strong, beautiful self, gravel! The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release. Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul... ...return to the great flame of fire. Látom. I ought to know. That smile was strained. Did something happen with those 5th guys? Hey, Arthur, do you know if something's up with the sister? What? The princess has appointed me commander of the order? You look absolutely ridiculous when you sleep. What's up? Is something wrong with the princess? Stop calling the sister a princess. Besides, what about Maki-san? ...That woman is an ogress... ...Shinra! ...That woman is an ogress... What brings you here? Do either of you know where the sister went? Huh? "Episode 5: The Battle Begins" I beg your pardon. What is a sister doing here at this hour? Would it be possible for me to see your captain? Huh? What are you talking about? Please tell your captain that Iris is here. Something I can do for you, little Miss Have-not? I'm not entirely sure what you're doing, but it's dangerous, isn't it? It's also corrupt research that defies the great Sol! Are those really your ideals? Nee-san... Do not wear that habit in front of me! Nee-san, why?! Sisters are nothing but window dressing for the Fire Force. And you've devoted yourself to this nonsense. Once a fool, always a fool, I guess. Don't talk to me about God. What you all worship is a hollow puppet that doesn't even exist. What we have in this land, and across the world, isn't God. We only have devils such as myself. Devils... I'll use you to lure the 8th here, and then crush them. What was that? A mortar? Something came down out of the sky! Who are you?! Who am I? Well, let's see... I'm Find-the-Sister-and-Crush-the-5th Man, from Company 8! Lieutenant! Are you sure we should be acting so rashly?! The 5th has long been carrying out some pretty shady research here. It's not exactly like they can file any reports! Shinra, you find the sister. Maki and I will take care of things here. Just the two of you, against all of them? Once you get inside and start tearing it up, we'll have more room to move, too. Go! Right! Arthur! Keep going! We'll cover you! You watch yourself, too, Lieutenant. Here he comes! You won't get past me! He's fast! Discount not; it was the back of my sword. "Discount" "D̶i̶s̶c̶o̶u̶n̶t̶" "Despair" A-After him! Don't let him get away! Don't think you can escape my discipline! Run! Lieutenant, as usual, you seem to be more merciless against people than you ever are against Infernals. I didn't join the Special Fire Force, I joined the 8th under Captain Obi so I could lay out the idiots of this land who won't listen to reason. You pound on them, too, Maki. Pound on them until they give you the location of the spontaneous combustion research data. I left the military and joined the Fire Force because I wanted to save lives. So I'm not big on man-to-man fighting. You did hit that rookie from the 5th earlier, right? That was just a light tap. That devil sure can move when he's running away. I can't see where he went. Devil's Footprints. Are you following the Devil's Footprints, too? Who are you, old-timer? A conehead? It's dangerous here. Go back to your farm. I can't have you snooping around the 5th like this. I'll kill you. Aren't you...? By administering a drug I've been researching, I've boosted this Infernal's firepower. I'm tickled to have found such a fine specimen. We meet again, murderer. I'll take my sword and... my sword and... ...my sword to... Those small-timers from the 8th are too big for their britches. What is that? Lieutenant, get back! That was some tremendous firepower. Heh, heh, 8th nobodies. I just blow some flammable gas into my zero-oxygen bubble gum, send it toward my target, pop the bubble, ...Here comes another one. ...and when the flammable gas hits fresh oxygen... ...Please stay back. ...and when the flammable gas hits fresh oxygen... ...and when the flammable gas hits fresh oxygen... ...it explodes! That's what's known as Toru Kishiri's Backdraft Bubblish Gum! "Backdraft Bubblish Gum" And another, and another, and another! Maki, where are we being attacked from? From that warehouse. The target must be inside. I can't be sure. That's good enough. "Ballistic control" Lame. What are you even aiming at? From the sparks generated on impact, I tweak each bullet again. "Ricochet control" What...? Pathetic. It takes more than this to stop my rookies. Maki, we're going to get these crewmen to give up where the documents are. Yes, sir. Hold it! 5th Angels Three... ...On the scene! ...Has arrived! ...Breaking in! Have you made your peace? Finding yourself alone in an enemy's base shows that the meager 8th is as undermanned as our intel says. The Infernal that my research has fortified will reduce you to cinders. He's my new weapon that can focus his augmented firepower into one point, and then release it! Leave neither a body nor ashes, now. Thanks to your drug, the flame and power within my body are surging, until they're ready to come out! That was close. Hey, you! Are you trying to turn me into knight teriyaki?! Teriyaki? What kind of seasoning do you think you're basted in? I alight upon the scorched earth, clad in golden robes... Huh? Are you talking about tempura now?! What are you, an idiot? I'm a knight. Status? The Angels vs. Hinawa, Arthur vs. the Infernal, and Obi is nowhere to be seen at the moment. Like moths flying into a flame. Burn them all until there's nothing left. The truth and the intrigue behind spontaneous human combustion... ...are all the result of our research. I won't allow gravel to stand in my way. Are you seriously a Special Fire Soldier? You got cold feet? You're not putting up a fight. Don't act like this is no big deal. What's the matter with you? You're only acting like you're tough, when actually, you're ridiculously weak! And stupid! Why is this? Why am I not my usual self? It's not a question of your manner. My Infernal's firepower is just too strong for you. There are chumps who just say they're out of the zone or whatever, when really, they couldn't ever do anything in the first place, and run away. It's exactly the kind of excuse you bogus Fire Soldiers would use! Bunch of moronic nobodies! What? The newly-assigned rookie can't even fathom how outmatched he is. Then he blames it on having a bad day. Pathetic. An idiot who can only talk tough, a knight? Good one, coming from a behind-in-the-count loser! I'm not just a knight; I'm the Knight King! Shut up! The least I can do for a nosy nobody like you is to kill you while making you suffer! Why? I'm getting no power at all. My left? Why, when I'm right-handed, am I holding it in my left hand? Huh?! How should I know?! You can use that excuse when you get to the afterlife! Violet Flash. What do you know? I thought something was strange. What the hell? He's ridiculously strong! 5th Angels Three Three-on-Three Triple-grating Slasher, ver. 2.3! That's way too many... numbers! There are more than just three 5th Angels Three? Looks like that's all of them, though. I wonder if Shinra and the others are doing okay. While Shinra is dashing around, we'll look for their documents. In here. "To be continued" You can toil your way through humorless days and curse the unwavering present, but words that simply hang in the air are not enough to save you We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder between sights we never reach and pain that brings no warmth to make it to a faraway place Given the hope that you speak of or the ideals that you dream of I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be You can toil your way through humorless days and curse the unwavering present, but words that simply hang in the air are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly but that changes when the nights grow fevered Even if we let go of each other's hands, I hope we can still walk together again I'll refrain from saying goodbye to ensure that we can meet again somewhere "Next time" "Episode 6: The Spark of Promise" OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 