Lifeline: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lifeline 
 s1e6 - Killing Me, Won't Stop Me - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lifeline (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Killing Me, Won't Stop Me - full transcript 
 Norah finally meets the mysterious Jack, who challenges her to let the universe play out as intended. Meanwhile, Nathan takes the hacking of Lifeline's computer system very personally, making sure the man responsible pays a high price. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 www.NapiProjekt.pl - nowa jako?? napis?w. Napisy zosta?y specjalnie dopasowane do Twojej wersji filmu. Previously on " LifeLine." - That's an awful way to think. - Awful would be losing you. - Conner Hooks, Haley went red 33 days ago, I want you to beat the board. - I don't know how my dad died. I can't remember anything that happened. - Like you blacked out? - No, I'm not gonna adopt her. I'm gonna giver her a LifeLine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Did that hurt? - I don't really remember. - My name is Jack. I have your memories, Norah. - He said I can try it again but he doesn't want me doing it alone. He said he'll give 10,000 dollars. I'll split it. - Are you sure you want to do this? - Yes. - Then I'm going too. - Did anyone see you come in? - I don't think so. - I put you on the disabled list. You won't come up on the jump schedule while you're gone. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Where's Jay? - Come on you hunk of junk. - Changing the past is a lot more complicated than changing the future. - Wait, there's- - That was him! - Somebody's gonna die. - Oh my God. - Get homie on the horn again, okay. Let's get more of these jobs, right? - No! What is wrong with you two? Someone died because of us. - Where are you going? - Explain why you didn't jump another agent after Eli missed? - There was no indication of failure. The moment he landed Mr. Pagano's name turned green. Standard save. At this point, we don't know if it's a technical failure or a breach of the system. - It's not technical. Take everything offline. I want a sweep of the entire system. - I'm on it. System stopped. - Damn girl. Are you okay? - No. Maddie, I'm sorry. And I'm sorry, I just didn't know where else to go. - It's okay. I saw the news. There's was what- a gas explosion? Please tell me that's not the building that you went to. - Oh my God, sit down. - It was- it was so awful. It was so awful, and I feel like I'm going crazy, you know. Like nothing- nothing is making sense. - All right, you're gonna stay here, and we're gonna figure it out. Okay? - Yeah. - I've been thinking a lot about those memories you lost. Dark days, six years ago. - Yeah. What-what about them? - I've been doing research. Exercises and stuff to help you remember, I figured maybe we could try 'em together. - Yeah. - Long, deep, breathes. In... and out. The only thing you hear is your breathing. In... and out. Deep breathes. Let everything else just fade away. It's just you and your thoughts, Norah. Only you and your memories. - I've been through all the agent reports. The only interference prior to Eli is the Terry Wilks save. - What happened there? - Reagan jumped into an ally outside of a restaurant, a girl was out there, approached her with a knife. - And? - And nothing. Reagan thought the girl was trying to rob her. She kicked the girl's ass and still made the Wilks save on time. - Was the girl already there when Reagan landed? - You know it just said she came out of a hiding spot, maybe she was waiting for a mark to cut across the alley. - Yeah. Or for one of our agents to appear. - Tell me about the day that your dad died. Anything you can remember. - I was coming home from school. Fifth grade, Mrs. Pollack. My dad was getting ready to leave for his night shift. He told me to do my homework, but I didn't need to be told. I liked doing it. - Then what? - Just weird little things. Um, curved pieces of broken glass. They're sharp, wet, dangerous. Something bad happened, I just don't know what. - What did the girl look like? - Athletic. Dark brown hair, with some pink in it. One of those shitty homemade dye jobs. Oh, she had a tattoo on her forearm. - What was the tattoo? - Looked like gold fish. - So you were with him when he died? - I don't know. They said I was but, I don't know. I woke up in the hospital. I hurt all over, and it just- it was so loud in there. They said he almost got me killed. He was buying or selling drugs, or something, I don't- - Was he? - I-I don't know. - We need to scrub the system. All agent reports from the last year. We're looking for patterns of outside interference. Eli's awake. Eli. - Where am I? - LifeLine. - I can' feel anything. - You will once the drugs wear off. We have you heavily sedated. - I missed- - I am well aware of that. - What about the transporters? The appearing people. - It was like they were on a mission. Both of them. I mean, that one was ready to hurt me to get away. And that guy in the elevator just screaming someone was gonna die. - How could he have known that? - I don't know but he did. He was right. Someone did die. - I was attacked. Waiting for me. Like they knew. They tried to trap me. - They did trap you. Took your gun. - Ah shit. - Who's "they"? Describe them. Come on, Eli. Stay awake, describe them. - Um, three punks with tats. A girl beats me, guys put plastic sheeting over my head. - Describe the girl. - Brown hair, pink streaks, tat on her forearm. - Goldfish tattoo. What was the exact time of his jump? - Four thirty-one and fifty-five seconds. - Milliseconds. - .1247 - Show me the video feed of the board at that moment. - There, four -thirty-one- fifty-four. Two-three-eight-five. Pagano's name goes green. Pagano went green early, Eli doesn't jump for another twelve frames. Pagano's name should still be red. - No, no, no that's it. We've been compromised. Not another jump until we figure out what the hell is going on. - So he can see the future? - Wait, they can see the future. - I wasn't being serious. - No, no, no, no, no listen, right? The guy in the elevator, okay, he was screaming someone was gonna die. He was trying to stop it because he knew. And the woman in the alley, she was doing the exact same thing. I mean if I'd stopped her, would someone have died? - No. I mean, right? How could anyone know that? - There's someone who might. - We're sorry, your call cannot be completed as dialed, please check the number-- - I've got something. The board was bugged. - Oh come on! - Top level stuff and they got names, dates, everything. - What? - We traced it back to an address owned by someone named Jack Trevors. - Jack Trevors. - You know him? - He um... He used to work here. - That's odd, I ran his name through our system, nothing came up. - It wouldn't. Prepare the jump box. - Who do you want me to call into jump? - Nobody. I need to take care of this myself. - Please hurry! I'm already late! Simon! The car's broken! I've got Bikram in 15 minutes, this is a disaster. - Relax, baby, I'll give it a look. - No, I already called the Auto Club, they'll be here soon. - We don't need the Auto Club. You love watching your man take care of business, don't ya? Get his hands a little greasy. - Do you have any idea what you're doing? I read online these things can explode and drench you in battery acid. - Don't believe everything you read. All right, so see what we got here. Whoa! - Simon, look out. - Don't worry babe, that just means it's working. Damn, that hurt. - Your password is Oreo; you understand? You should probably get him to a hospital. - Working for the Auto Club, you have to do this sort of thing all the time? - You have no idea. Your timing is impeccable. - It helps that I know the exact millisecond you made your save. - What is it? - Come by tonight, there's something I need to show you. - Holy shit is that? - Mm-hmm, it is. - Does Nathan know? - Nathan expressly forbade me to build it. - Does it work? - Not yet, but it will. - Why did you build a jump box? - This one doesn't just jump forward. - But you said that jump boxes cannot jump backwards. - No I said the one at LifeLine doesn't jump backwards. - How far back can you go? - If my theory holds true, as far back as we want. - When will it be done? - I'm still testing it but, soon. - Finish it. I'm going back for Haley. - Tom's still sleeping on the couch. - Yeah, it's kind of weird between us. - Makes sense. Yo is that um-- - Yeah I guess. - I thought you said that he stopped calling you. - Yeah he did. I haven't heard from him in like a month. I totally forgot that phone was even around here. Jesus. Hello? - Nora, it's good to hear your voice. - Jack, where have you been? I haven't heard from you in a month. I tried calling your phone but it was disconnected. - I'm sorry I missed your call. We need to talk now though. - Okay, listen I'm really not interested in another job. We caused a man to die that night. - I'm not calling about a job and I can explain what happened that night. - Okay, I'm listening. - Not on the phone, I need you to come to my place. it's time we met face to face. - When? - Today, one p.m. come alone. I'm sending you my address. - No, I don't feel comfortable with that. - You'll be safer alone, trust me on that, Norah. Please don't be late, time is critical. - Okay um, I got to go. - What? - I got to go, I'll be back, okay? Just don't say anything, tell him I'm at a friend's or something. - You're really gonna go meet that creep by yourself?! - Hello, Norah. - You're-- - Not what you expected. You're much taller in person. Grown up to be quite a young lady. - How do you know me? - In the past I used to monitor LifeLine clients, now it's just you. - Wait, what do you mean, monitor me? - I keep up with you to make sure you're okay. - Oh by disconnecting your phone? - it's not necessary that you keep up with me. - I'm not a LifeLine client. Okay, I don't even know what LifeLine is. - You do, you just don't remember. LifeLine is a company who clients pay them a great deal of money to protect them from death. - What do you mean like bodyguards or something? - They employ agents to jump forward in time to save lives of clients they know are going to die in the future. - Time travel? - That's right. - So you like, they can see the future? - They can see when their clients are going to die. But they don't know the how or the why. - And those are the people that you wanted me to stop. The people who were saving lives? - They're not saving lives, they're playing God for a profit. - But isn't that what you're doing when you try and stop them? Playing God. - I am letting the universe play out as it was intended. But we stopped someone from being saved. You tricked us into murdering someone! - It wasn't murder, Mr. Pagano was always gonna die in that explosion, you just allowed history to unfold naturally. - He could've lived. - I was one of LifeLine's first agents. I saw first hand, the ripple effect of changing history. The pain of collateral damage. Your father was collateral damage. LifeLine killed him. Okay, and you saw that on one of your monitors? That just happened to be attached to a camera in the parking garage where my dad worked? - You don't believe me. - I don't know what to believe anymore. I really just need the truth. It's been years and no one's given me that. - Conner Hooks will. - Conner Hooks. - The man who gave you your LifeLine. - I have a LifeLine? So that means someone will come and save me if I'm about to die. - Someone who never missed a save. - How do I find him? - Use your LifeLine. We have a visitor. Find Conner Hooks, if he doesn't listen to you, you figure out a way to stop them yourself. You haven't aged a day, Nathan. - I assumed that you were dead after all this time. - I am dead, nothing now but a ghost to haunt you. - You have cost LifeLine yet another client. And the first twenty years ago I forgave. But not this. - You still don't understand what you're doing. - I'm giving people a choice. I'm not gonna let some old man with a grudge destroy everything that I've worked for. - We know your secrets. I'm in your head, I'm in the machine, killing me won't stop me. - Well you know, LifeLine isn't in the business of ending lives, but in your case, we're going to make an exception. Do not fuck with me. - Hey, hey where you been? Huh? No, no, no, no, don't drink all that. That's all we have left. Hey where's this Jack guy, you know? - Jack's gone. - Like he's dead? Are you serious? What did you kill him? - No! What? One of the teleporters got to him. - They must've gotten tired of him messing with them. - It felt personal, you know? Like Jack knew he was coming. - If he knew he was coming then why didn't he shoot the guy? - It was like Jack was okay with it? I mean, like it almost proved him right. - So what? You're saying he wanted this? - Jack is, okay was, a creepy old dude in a wheel chair. - What? - Yeah and he lived alone in an apartment with all this tech stuff and like old computers and shit. - What'd he want with you? - To tell me how to get a hold of the man responsible for my father's death. - Waves have been steady for five hours. Everything's working on my side. - Well what about inside? What are we seeing? - That is what you're here to find out. - It's been five hours and you haven't even looked inside? - Well no not yet. I've been busy. - Too busy to just sneak a peak? - Seriously, You're too scared to look inside your own live jump box? - Eh, let's not make this about me. - It's fine, I understand. You need a real man to test your jump box for you. - Yeah, plus chimps are expensive, get in. - Can you hear me? - It's crazy down here. - Can you be more specific? - Swirly images, it's hard to make anything out. - Uh let me try and boost the reception. - Conner? Conner? What are you doing here? - I see her, lose the signal. - The box is locked onto her device. - It's the right time and place but nothing's solid. - Let's me try and push the power, hang on. - What are you doing here? I'm not letting this man die! Conner? - Jay, what's happening? Jay, what's happening? - The box has locked onto your LifeLine. You're looking at a projection of the box's projection of your past from a few seconds ago, it's a movie of a movie. - Oh my God, you're stuck in a feedback loop. I can't control it! Conner! Conner you go to get out of there! Conner get out of there! Are you okay? - Next on LifeLine. - I don't think our clients have a whole lot of faith in the afterlife, that's probably why they hire us, right? - I don't want anything happening to you. - Why put me through that? Why wait until the last second?! - Don't get too many big ideas too quickly okay? - I need your help with something. - They've destroyed all the evidence. They paid the police off to cover up the whole thing. www.NapiProjekt.pl - nowa jako?? napis?w. Napisy zosta?y specjalnie dopasowane do Twojej wersji filmu. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 