Dragon Ball Z Kai: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Z Kai 
 s1e8 - Come Forth, Shenron! The Saiya-jin Finally Arrive on Earth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Z Kai (2009–2015): Season 1, Episode 8 - Come Forth, Shenron! The Saiya-jin Finally Arrive on Earth - full transcript 
 Goku's training under King Kai is finally complete, and he's eager to return to Earth. Master Roshi uses the Dragon Balls to summon Shenron, but will Goku make it back in time to stop the Saiyans? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Gohan desperately endures Piccolo 's style of arduous training. Tenshinhan and the others had finished their training in the Heavenly Realm, and had all descended back to the lower realm, each to prepare for the conflict in their own way. And as for Goku, he was learning the Kaio-ken technique directly from Kaio at a surprisingly fast rate. Two days remain until the Saiyans arrive! What will the outcome of their training be? Dokkan Dokkan tsuite'ru Dokkan Dokkan paradise 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Genki dama ga hajiketobu ze Go Go Let's do it Ugomeku ayashii enajii yousha wa shinai ze mite'ro yo Inochi ni kaete mo mamoru yo Ai suru yuuki wo tsuyosa ni kaero Yarinuku kiai de pinchi wo koete'ku Tegowai yatsu hodo wakuwaku mo dekkai ze Dokkan Dokkan tsuite'ru Dokkan Dokkan chansu sa Rakkii no kaze ni byunbyun notte Dokkan Dokkan tsuite'ru Dokkan Dokkan ashita mo kotae wo mou tamashii wa shitte'ru no sa 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Dragon Soul! "Come Forth, Shen Long! The Saiyans Finally Arrive on Earth. " This will be your final day of training with me. Your punning studies may have come up a little short, but for the most part, I've taught you what I know. Let's review what you've learned up to now. Mm-hmm. First up is Bubbles. Ready”. Start! Oh! 0.8 seconds! That's a new record! Next, Gregory. Right. Ready... Start! Okay... here goes! Huh? Ow! 1.2 seconds. Unbelievable! Okay, next? All right, finally, let's check your Genki Dama. I've been waiting for this. All right, ready, Kaio-sama. Mm-hmm. Okay, here we go. See if you can track the super speed of this giant brick. Mm-hmm! Here goes! Okay, super speed! Like it was nothing... Well done, Son Goku. I honestly didn't think you would be able to handle the Genki Dama this well. I worked hard on it. Mm-hmm. It may sound like I keep repeating myself, but the Genki Dama is a technique that lets you take a small sliver of energy from the grass, the trees, people, animals, and every other conceivable thing, including the air itself, gather it together, and then release it. Mm-hmm. It really is an awesome technique. Even on a planet as small as this, the Genki Dama had that much destructive force. Earth, where you'll be fighting, is much larger, compared to here. Also, you'll have the tremendous energy of the Sun on your side. Your Genki Dama will have astounding power. If you're not careful, you could even destroy the very planet you're trying to protect. If you can help it, don't use it. If, and only if there's nothing else you can do, I give you permission to use it just once. Got it? Mm-hmm, got it. I'm sure I'll be able to manage with just the Kaio-ken. Okay then, the day of your battle is almost upon us. The Saiyans will arrive on Earth tomorrow. Huh?! O-Oh, no! W-What? What's the matter? Uh, listen, I didn't calculate the time it will take you to travel the Serpentine Road to get back! K-Kaio-sama, ain't you capable of whooshing me back to the lower realm?! No, uh, I can't. l-l've got to go back down that road?! It took me over half a year to get here! A-As you are now, you can arrive there in two days. I'll tell Earth's Kami to pick you up there. B-But I'll still be one day over! Everyone will be killed! Stop your griping! Even I make mistakes once in a while! Now, hurry up and tell your friends on Earth to use their Dragon Balls or whatever to bring you back to life! T-Tell them? But how? Place your hand on my back, and speak in your mind. It will get through that way. ReaHy? Like this? Mm-hmm, like that. Hurry and tell them! O-Old Timer, it's Goku. Can you hear my voice? Hey, Old Timer! Man, this girl is downright... G-Goku? Is that you, Goku? W-Where are you?! Where are you?! He hears me! Old Man Turtle Hermit, I'm still in the Next World. I'm speaking to you through my mind from a faraway place called Kaio's World. T-The Next World? Have you gotten all of the Dragon Balls together? Y-Yeah. We've long since gathered them. Everyone looked frantically for them so we could rescue you. Thanks. So then, I hate to ask, but could you summon Shen Long, and bring me back to life right now? The Saiyans will be getting to Earth tomorrow. W-What?! T-Tomorrow, already? That's a whole month earlier than we thought! Hurry, Old Timer. I'll be just a little bit late, but I'll definitely manage something. Hey, Goku...! Er, I can't breathe! Ah! Sorry! A-All right, got it. By the way, Goku, what do you say? We'd heard that you were training in the Next World. Any luck with that? Mm-hmm, you bet! H see. That's a relief. H-Hey, is he all right? Old Man Turtle Hermit is talking to himself in the bathroom. I wonder if he's going dotty. Hey, get the Dragon Balls ready, right now! That was awesome, Kaio-sama! I got right through to him! Naturally. I can finally come back to life! All right then, while we're waiting for you to come back to life, let me do something about that heavy, ragged outfit of yours. Eh? Really? Watch. Awesome! It's lighter! It's not just lighter. It's made out of a wonderfully sturdy fabric. It can even repel minor attacks. Thank you, Kaio-sama! Wow, terrific! You left the "Turtle" mark where it was! l was worried that if I had clothes like yours, Kaio-sama, I wouldn't look very cool. Well, excuse me. Ah, I hope they bring me back to life soon! The mark on the back is the snazziest point on it, huh? Hmm? Yeah! What's wrong? You can't defeat the enemy by just dodging him! All right! Whoops, I got carried away. Was that a bit too strong? That was no fair. You said you weren't going to use your eyes. Don't be such a baby! Do you think a promise like that means anything in a fight?! B-But Piccolo-san, you're not the enemy. Now, come forth, Shen Long! It's the middle of the day, but it's suddenly dark out. E-Excuse me, here... Don't touch me! N-No matter how many times  see it, it's still scary. Speak your wish. I shall grant any one wish. S-Say, um, I suppose we couldn't say we wanted him to dispatch the Saiyans, and save the Earth, could we? What are you talking about? Are you thinking of keeping Son-kun dead? - t's not like that. It would be nice and easy to just have Goku brought back to life the next time, right? That is an impossible wish. I was created by Kami. As such, I cannot grant any wish beyond Kami's power. Well then, please bring Son Goku back to life. That is an easy wish to grant. Son Goku is about to be resurrected, huh? Which means, the Saiyans will be coming sooner than we thought! All right, the halo over your head has disappeared. You have been brought back to life! Hooray! --Go on, hurry! --Right! Remember, your enemies are evil men, more powerful than you can imagine! They won't let you drop your guard for an instant! Don't go thinking you can be brought back to life again! That's all right. The Dragon Balls can only bring you back to life once. I'll give them everything I've got! Just you watch! Mm-hmm. Thanks for everything, Kaio-sama! Once I die, I'll come see you again! Bubbles! --G regory! --Ta ke ca re! Bye, now! Bye! What unfathomable strength that man has. And yet his heart is even clearer than crystal. To think that there would be someone like him in the lower realm. Kaio-sama, he has become even stronger than you, huh? Still, his sense of humor wasn't that great. The next time he comes here, I'll train him on that. Oh, hush, you. Just hush. Wow, so light, so light! My body feels as light as a cotton ball! Oh, right! This ain't no time to be thrilled. l have to hurry! And so, the next day at 11:43 AM... ...Earth at last allows the two Saiyans to trespass upon her. Papa, I'm hungry. Oh, is it already this late? W-What was that? What happened? T-This is stunning... It looks like something fell from the sky. S-Sure enough. That round thing fell out of the sky. There's one over here, 1200. It's a person! A person came out of it! Over here, too! It's a person! W-What...? So, the Saiyans are finally here. They have an incredible Ki, huh, Piccolo-san? T-Ten-san... Tch, that was a lot sooner than we thought. It's just about time for the Saiyans to arrive. Hurry! Guys, hold out for me! The dreadful day has finally arrived. Yaburekabure omoikiri Tobu n da mugen no sora e Jetto kiryuu ni nokkari doko demo iku yo sokkou Mukoumizu tte saikou Let's go tip-top! All right? Me mo sameru you na aoi chikyuu kakegaenai kono hoshi yuzurenai kara Hajiketobase kamehameha Yabame no kono jidai sekai wo mamoru tame umareta kara Yaburekabure omoikiri Yaru n da furupawaa Kibou ga ore no buki dakara mirai shinjite What is this? I'm getting a bad feeling about this. Whoa, there's something coming out of the ground! T-They're called Saibaimen? They're a repulsive bunch. Son Goku isn't here yet, but there are six of us here now. We'll take care of these guys by turns! Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai, "Yamucha's Struggle! The Terrible Saibaimen. ” Yamucha-san, be careful! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 