Dragon Ball Z Kai: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Z Kai 
 s1e21 - Protect the Dragon Balls!/The Namekians' All-Out Attack! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Z Kai (2009–2015): Season 1, Episode 21 - Protect the Dragon Balls!/The Namekians' All-Out Attack! - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Powerful foes muster on the star of hope, Planet Namek. Kuririn anol Gohan have concealed themselves for the time being, as they investigate the activities of Freeza and his men. Meanwhile, on Earth, Goku makes a complete recovery. Upon learning of the situation, he takes off. Dokkan Dokkan We're in luck Dokkan Dokkan Paradise The Genki Dama bursts away Go Go Let's do it There's a wriggling, mysterious energy I won't hold back, just you watch 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 l'll protect you with my life Turn your courage to love into strength We'll overcome crises with carry-through spirit The tougher your opponent is, the greater the excitement Dokkan Dokkan We're in luck Dokkan Dokkan Now's our chance Whooshing along on the lucky wind Dokkan Dokkan We're in luck Dokkan Dokkan Tomorrow, as well Your soul already knows the answer Dragon Soul! "Protect the Dragon Balls! The Namekians' All-out Attack. " Ah, Goku-chan! Bulma's mommy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My, my, are you all better already? Just like you see. By the way, is the refit on the spaceship I ordered done yet? Well, I'm not sure. It looked like he was still working on something. Eep! Still?! Geez, what to do? He's in the inner yard. Come along. l have to say, who would have thought that little Goku-chan would grow up to be so handsome? Say, let's have a date sometime, okay? Okay? -  have to defeat the Saiyan, first. Aren't you the busy one? Oh, right, I found the most delicious cake shop a little while ago. All thanks to you, Goku-Chan. If the Earth had been gone, I wouldn't have been able to have any. I guess not. Dear! Goku-chan is here! l-ls that... ...my spaceship? It's huge! Hey there, Goku. Better already? Mm-hmm, thanks to a senzu bean. This is mine, right? Is it true you ain't finished with it yet? Mm-hmm, it's almost ready. Come on inside and have a look. Well, I'll bring you something to drink, okay? Thanks. Awesome! I'm surprised that tiny spaceship became all this! What can I say? Everything is made to your order. I'll be able to do some decent training like this. I worked hard on this. Finding the spaceship was hard enough, but it was all broken up in pieces. Luckily, all the important parts remained, but I had to rebuild almost all of it. My spaceship was in pieces? That's strange. I wonder if I busted it when I was a kid. Well, I have to admit, Saiyan science is absolutely fantastic. Huh? Um, where's the artificial gravity device? This is it over here. Oh, yeah? This thing? Let's see, this here is the switch. This here is the controller. It can put out a maximum of 1006s, just like you ordered, but that would be crazy, even for you, wouldn't it? At 10065, if you weigh 60kg, that would make you 6,000kg! That's six tons. Ordinarily, that would kill you. That's okay. Unless I train someplace like that, I ain't gonna beat the Saiyan. So, can't this thing fly yet? Oh, it will fly. To the ends of the universe. Huh? Then... The bathroom, kitchen, and bedroom are down that ladder. So then, what part of it ain't done yet? I can't quite settle on the location for the stereo speakers. As long as you're listening, you'll want it to sound good, right? T-That's all?! When you say it ain't done yet, that's all that's left?! That's all? In order to hear top sound, you have to think about reverberation and such. It's quite tricky. Never mind about where to put the stereo! I'm in a hurry, sol need to take off right now! What are you in such a rush for? I got a message from Bulma! In any event, l have to hurry! Hurry up and show me how to fly this thing! All right. So, you're sure about the stereo placement, then? All the data has been inputted already. All you have to do is give the button a little bop-bop, and you'll arrive at Planet Namek in six days. Six days? I can get there in just six days? That's awesome! Is it true? Goku is here? Yes. He's looking at the spaceship in the inner yard now. Oh, my! Oh, my goodness! Let's see, it's this button next, right? Considering how hastily I put that together, it really did fly. Huh? Where's Goku? He left in a big hurry. I hope he's sure about the stereo. Wow, this thing sure is fast, all right. l have to start training, right away. I'm glad I'll get there in six days, but I've gotta surpass that Vegeta guy before then. Let's see, if I remember right, Kaio-sama said his planet was ’lO-times gravity. Maybe I should get accustomed to 20-times, to start out with. That's kicking in, all right. We're close. We are close. Surpress your Ki completely now. We'll walk up and approach from here. Right. They're on the other side of that cliff. That Ki is incredible! Those houses are just like the spaceship we came here in. What are they up to? The other guys are one thing, but those three-- especially the one in the middle, inside that round vehicle-- have a frighteningly strong Ki. H can tell. Look at what the two guys on his side are holding in their hands! Those are Dragon Balls! Gigantic Dragon Balls! Is something the matter, Dodoria-san? No, there was just a small power reading up on that cliff. It is gone now. It must have been a small animal, or an insect. Holy crap! We were this close to being spotted! Freeza-sama, we have only found five of them. The others appear to be out at the moment. Come on out of there, unless you'd rather die. That looks just like Piccolo-san! l-lt's a Namekian! What are they planning to do with the Namekian? Kuririn-san, are they all Saiyans? No, they aren't. They all have the same battlewear on, but they aren't Saiyans. For one thing, Vegeta is supposed to be the only Saiyan remaining. Not counting Goku or yourself. T-Then... Come to think of it, Goku's older brother mentioned something. Our job is to travel around the universe, looking for planets that have good environments, exterminating the people already living on them, and then selling them to aliens seeking a suitable planet for a high price. It could be that he was pals with these guys. l have to admit, though, I don't see Vegeta around anywhere. Is he off looking for Dragon Balls someplace else? As you can see, I am collecting your Dragon Balls. My name is Freeza. Now then, where are the others who were here? According to our search, there are supposed to be ten of you. Do you intend not to say anything? lwill kill you. Now, let me have your answer. Nuwainita hanitaemao moteleki koeto... Speak in language that we can understand, as well, not in Namekian. I know that you can speak it. The others have left to work the farms. All that are left are us older ones and the children. Yes, if I can have you answer me straightforwardly like that, I will not do anything to you. Now then, let me have you continue to answer my questions. Where is your Dragon Ball? I believe there is one here, as well. l-l don't know! We don't have anything like that! Dodoria-san... Yes, sir? The second Namekian we killed, as I recall, said something quite interesting, did he not? Yes, something about him not being able to hand over his Dragon Ball, except to one judged to be a man of valor. Yes, yes. That man proved to be quite stubborn. We simply could not get him to cooperate with us, until we killed one of them, to serve as an example. Once we did, he told us all sorts of things. That the Grand Elder of this world created the seven Dragon Balls; that the seven elders each held one of them with great care; and that each of them would ask to match wits, extend tests of strength, and discuss the reasons for one's wish. Then, once one is judged to be a man of valor by each elder, one would finally be able to obtain them. However, even though I tried to do as was asked of me, l was told that he would never hand it over to me, you see? So I could not help myself but to kill him. As such, it took a great deal of effort to locate the first one. The next three were quite easy. Everyone was quite accommodating. Hmph,   see. So that's the deal. A-Accommodating, you say?! You are lying! Yeah! There's no way the other elders handed them over to you without any protest! I beg to differ. Once we did this, they quickly became amenable. Zarbon-san, if you would show them. Yes, sir. Why, you...! Stop! W-What fiends! H-How awful! Gohan, control your Ki! They'll know we're here! But if we don't do something... I mean, you want to bring Piccolo and everyone else back to life, right? There's no way we can take on someone like that. If we show ourselves now, we'd only die in vain. What do you say? Are you feeling a little more compliant now? Hmm? What is your purpose in collecting the Dragon Balls? Oh, it is quite a frivolous little wish. l was thinking of gaining eternal life. He's what?! Then, what about Vegeta? H-He's out for eternal life, too. Do you suppose they aren't friends with Vegeta? I don't know. The likes of you will get the Dragon Ball over my dead body! So you are saying you would rather choose death than give your Dragon Ball to me?   see. The people of this planet seem to be very stubborn, indeed. But then... ...can you still remain stubborn after the death of those children? W-What?! You'd even go after children?! There's a strong battle power. Freeza-sama, over there! Oh, you've come, have you? The Namekians! They're coming to help! Damn, that ill foreboding I felt proved true! We cannot have this, can we? I was finally about to have the Dragon Ball brought out, too. Imagine, you interrupting your work, so that you could come here and be killed. I see now. The rumors of people attacking the villages and stealing the Dragon Balls are true, are they? You'll pay for this! How dare you trample the peace of Planet Namek?! Ho, you intend to fight us? How great is your battle power? Dodoria-san? Yes, sir, I will check. Please do not be disappointed. All three are in the vicinity of 1,000. There is no need for us to even fight them. So that's it. I now understand how they are able to so precisely locate our few villages, which dot the land across the vastness of Planet Namek. They are able to search, using those devices! How laughable! You want to tangle with us, with a battle power of 1,000?! Eh?! He's wrong. Those three are just suppressing their Ki. Don't these guys even know that much? The Saiyans were surprised by that, as well, huh? Let 'em have it! What is this? That's what you call a battle power of 1,000? What's going on here? All three have increased to 3,000! Well, well, they are pretty good, are they not? I get it. The Namekians are a race that are able to control their battle power. Such is a very rare type. All right. Including his, there are only three of those devices that remain unbroken. Children, stand away from me. Quickly! Dodoria-san... Yes, sir. You guys are pathetic. You're going to trouble me with this, are you? May I take care of all three of them? Feel free. Y-You bastard! Did you really think you could defeat me with such a petty technique? Oh, no! He was going after the Scouters! Scouters? T-Those devices that can tell an opponent's strength and location! So that's it! Then they can't determine the precise location of the Dragon Balls after all! They use those Scouter things to look for the Namekians, and then strong-arm them! Which is why, when the old-timer there figured it out, he destroyed all of their Scouters! Why, you...! I—I'll kill them all! I'll kill them all!! I'll kill every last one of them! Elder! Look out! The elder launches a quick-witted attack! However, it also sparks the enemy's anger! Can Gohan and Kuririn do nothing but look on? Yeah! Break! Care! Break! As hard as you can Fly away into the boundless skies We'll hitch a ride on the jet stream, and zip away to wherever we want Being a daredevil is the best Let's go tip-top! All right? This eye-opening blue Earth of ours is our irreplaceable world, and we're not giving it up Blast offa Kamehame-Ha You were born to protect the world in these uncertain times Yeah! Break! Care! Break! As hard as you can Go at it full power Hope is my weapon, so believe in the future Heya! I'm Goku! Six days until I arrive. Don't do anything crazy, Kuririn and Gohan! Keep it under control for now, Gohan! If they spot us, we're done for! No way! I'm going to belt those guys! You dumbass! Run! Run away! Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai, "Dodoria's Hectic Chase of Terror! A Truth Revealed to Vegeta. " I can't just sit still! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 