The Syndicate: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Syndicate 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Syndicate (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 As the five employees of the Right Buy U mini-market who have formed a lottery syndicate learn of their eight million pound win the story returns to events of four days earlier. Bob,the manager,is clearly unwell whilst homely,dog-loving Denise is caring for an invalid mother with little help from her husband Dave. Leanne is a single parent and brothers Stuart and Jamie live with their mother though Stuart has a partner Amy,who is threatening to take their two small children and leave him unless he finds them their own accommodation. To get the money Stuart reluctantly agrees to help Jamie rob the shop but this leads to Jamie inadvertently putting Bob in hospital. The police are called but the lads seem to get away with it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru The police were here on Friday night... has it got anything to do with that? What's going on? Don't ask me, love. We just go where we're told. We're like mushrooms... kept in the dark and fed shit. Nice colourful packages, Jamie, right up to the top, please, so they can see the champagne bottles. Lose the toilet rolls. Bloody hell, you scrub up well. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You don't look so bad yourself. Got this from Designer Outlet yesterday. Does your stomach keep doing somersaults? Mine does. Nah, footballers and celebs do this all the time. How long have I got to hold these lot for? Till the press conference has finished. But I get hay fever, and the pollen's making me eyes water! I don't think she likes me. Now, remember... As soon as I make the announcement, the cameras will go off, so big smiles, and try to look happy. I don't know if we're doing the right thing. Course we are. I feel really ugly. What?! Don't be silly. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, come on! You're a beaut. You're not crying, are you? No, it's just the pollen. I just wish we were all here, that's all. He needs a proper breakfast, he's a growing boy! He likes cornflakes! Just say I'm a crap mother, Joyce, stop pussyfooting around! I never said you were a crap mother. What I give my son for his breakfast has got nothing to do with you! It has, cos he's me grandson! Why don't you just keep yer nose out of our bloody business, Joyce? Don't you talk to me like that, madam! She's lying! While you're living in my house... I don't want to live in your bloody house! You should've thought about that before you flashed your credit cards around... What an idiot! Turn it down! I can't hear it! My son had never been in debt till he met you. Right, so it's all my fault we're in the shit, is it? No, it's his, an'all, cos he can't say no to you! "Lewis Vuton" handbags, it's bloody ridiculous... I knew it! Lying bitch. ..he works in a supermarket! It's "Louis Vuitton" and it's a fake! It cost ?39.99, and it was me birthday present! I don't know how your mother brought you up, but... Oh, you're so good at it, are you?! In case you hadn't noticed, your Jamie's a druggie! Hey! Not any more. Don't bring me into it! We never had dealers bootin' the door down for money at OUR house! Cos you're all so bloody perfect! 'All this over a bowl of soddin' cornflakes!' 'If you tried cooking once in a while...' 'I don't like bloody cooking!' 'Tough, you've got kids, 'you've got no choice. You don't even know how to turn the bloody oven on!' Get up, you lazy tosser, we'll be late for work! Your Amy and mam are at it again. No shit, what's it about this time? Go on, sling yer bloody hook! I'm goin', don't you worry! What the hell's going on? Yer mother's stickin' her neb into our business again, tellin' me what to do. I just said we should try Jack with some porridge she went mental! Why do you do it? He's my grandson... I've got every right to say what I think. She's pregnant, Mam! More's the pity! She can't look after ONE, let alone two. Poor little bugger hasn't even got a vest on! Turn that bloody thing off! Don't take it out on ME. I wouldn't ask, but I'm not feeling too good today. No, I've been up all night. I thought if you could take me, I could get a cab back, or walk. No, no, there's nothing wrong with the car, Peter! It's just, lately, I've been getting a bit light-headed when I've... Yes, yes, I know the traffic's heavy this time of the morning... Bob! Look, forget it. I wish I'd never called. Yeah, all right. Bye... bye. It's all right if THEY want summat, I've got to drop everything. I've never asked either of them for one mortal bloody thing. I'll get dressed and take you. No, you've been up all night, too. No, I'll be fine. I've taken me anti-sickness tablet and I'll take a carrier bag just in case. See you tonight, love. You go back to bed. I hope your meeting goes all right. I've got no idea what it's about. I'll call you when they've gone, all right? I'm not having your mother tell me how to bring up my own son! She thinks cos she's a dinner lady, she knows everything! AND she blames me for the mess we're in. Are we right? No. I'll see you there. Those idiots from head office are coming up. I'll see you there! Do you need me to hold your hand?! I shouldn't have let you talk me into that holiday... THAT set us back two grand! A week in Ibiza, big deal. Tina's boyfriend took her to Lanzarote for a fortnight AND he bought her an engagement ring. Amy... Mia's daddy took her on an aeroplane to Disneyland. Did he, now? Well, I bet Mia hasn't been to Center Parcs, like we did last year. Can we go to Disneyland? Costs a lot of money, sweetheart, and I thought we were saving up to buy you a DS? Why haven't I got a daddy? Well... you've got ME. Right, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, Mia's mummy's picking you up from after school club, so be a good girl, OK? Go on, then. Oh, eh... Right, Billy, that's three poops you've had already and I've only got one bag left and that's for Tilly. We're back! I ran out of bags. I think that new food's made Billy a bit loose. What the bloody hell's that? Oh, I don't know! She must've followed me. Well, get it out of this house! We've got enough dogs. Come on, got to go, you can't stay here. I don't know how come my phone bill shot up to ?118. Last one were only ?37. Who's 077009... Give us that here. You're opening me letters, again. Oh, I'm sorry, love, me eyes are getting worse. I thought it said Mrs D Simpson. Well, you better get t'opticians, then. That'll be another ?200. Right... carers will be in around 11, but if you could take her a cup of tea up about 10? Ooh! Bye-bye, my beautiful baby! Oh! Daddy'll take you out for a nice walkie this afternoon. Bye, love. Ta-rah, Mam! So what's going to happen? I can't stay at your mam and dad's, there's not enough room. Not my problem. Enough room for me and our Jack and that's all I'm bothered about. What you sayin'? We can't split up, we're a family now and when you have the baby... Why don't you find us somewhere to live, then, if we're a family? A flat or summat? You know why, we can't afford it. Well, get a better job then! There aren't any better jobs. Besides, I'll be manager when Bob retires and then I'll get... We need money now! Now, yeah? Tina's boyfriend works on a building site and he gets loads of money. Don't you love me any more? If you want us all to be together, Stuart, you'll have to get a pay rise or find summat else, cos I am NEVER going back to your mam's house. Never! I asked you a question. If you love me, you'll find somewhere for us to live. I DO love you. You can't come with me. I thought you weren't coming. Mam wanted an egg instead of her porridge, and the vet changed Billy's food and his bowels are playing up so everything took longer than usual. Oh, my giddy aunt, I've got a right sweat on. Who's your friend? She's a stray, followed me home from the park this morning. Go on, I've got nothing for ya! We've got Head Office coming up this morning. Oh, bugger, I forgot, you haven't got any deodorant on you, have yer? Now, then, you two lovely ladies, can I offer you a lift? Aww, thanks, Bob. Aren't we lucky, having a boss like you? Right, I've got a two-bed here on Richmond Road, ?500 a month. It's a first-floor conversion, just been decorated throughout and had new windows and a boiler. Looks great. Would you like to see it? Yeah... I'll just give me girlfriend a ring. So... if she likes it, how long before we could move in? Next week. Just a case of doing the paperwork and checking your credit rating. It shouldn't be a problem. Ah, right... Well, it might be, because... we've had a few problems with money and cards and that, and we're still sorting it, so... Well, I appreciate you being honest with me, but I don't think there's anything we can do. I've got to get somewhere for us to live, Josh, somewhere my little boy can be with his mam and dad. My girlfriend won't stay at my mam's any more cos she's pregnant and... I'm desperate, mate, I'm really desperate, I don't know what else to do. I don't want to break t'family up... Sorry... I shouldn't have asked you... Forget it. I'll try and have a word with the landlord, if you like. Maybe he'd agree on a short let, and if you could put down a couple of months' money as a bond, then that might help sway it. I don't suppose we'll be going anywhere this year, now. Afternoon, part-timer! Where's Bob? Office. Bloody hell... He's got a face on him like a donkey on a wet weekend in Scarborough. ?35.60, love. You missed the meeting. I've been working here since I was 15. I've been here longer than anyone and I've been late twice. I worked every Saturday till I was 16, from 8:30am till 7pm. It weren't legal, but I did it, and I were glad to. When I turned 16, I came after school on a Wednesday and Friday to stack, and I used to get a right bollocking from me teachers cos I never had time to do me homework. But it didn't matter, cos I didn't want to stay on at school. I didn't even go to Careers Advice, cos I knew I wanted to work here when I left. And when you took over in 2003 and made me assistant manager, I were made up, cos that proved to me that you thought I had potential. It didn't matter that it were only 80p an hour more, I liked having responsibility. I liked cashing up at t'end of t'day, and seeing how much we taken, and I'm proud if we done good. "Sorry" would've done. But the thing is, Bob, I've got to earn more money than I'm getting now. You know me and Amy got in a mess with our cards and had to go t'court hearing and move back to me mam's... Yes. Yeah, well, her and Amy don't get on. They've been having these big stonking rows, and this morning, our Amy's packed her bags and gone back to her mam and dad's and took our Jack with her. She's laid it on the line, Bob... unless I can get us a flat or somewhere for us to live, she's not coming back. Right. Jesus, Bob, how many of them have yer taken? Don't know, six, seven... Some of them are like bloody horse tablets. What are they? It's all right, they're supposed to be good for me. Anyway, I've found this flat... and I need a bit of money up front, about a grand. Right. And I need a rise. I see... Well, maybe it's come at the right time, then. What has? We've just been bought out by Newbury's. Eh? They're knocking us down, son, building a big new building with underground car park, restaurant... I only just found out this morning meself. No... they, they can't do that. They already have. They've bought next door... and t'charity shop. They've had plans passed and everything, look, they've left us the architect drawings to look at. I don't want to look at 'em. They've said we can apply for a job, but there's no saying we'll get it. They're sending someone up next week to talk about options. Options? Yeah, redundancy, relocation, all that kind of stuff. But as far as Head Office are concerned, we shut up shop end of next month. What will YOU do when we shut? I dunno, sign on. Bugger off? I'll sell me body! Jamie! I'm not kidding, I'm desperate! I need to make some money. They've offered me and Denise t'Holbeck branch. Well, what about me? They didn't mention you, sorry, son. I knew it were going to be important when they sent up the big boys. Oh, they've sent us a sweetener... what do you want, a bottle of whiskey or gin? What's yer tipple? I don't want either, they can piss off. All right, please yourself. Oh, yeah, and they've, er... left us some application forms for Newbury's. I wouldn't wipe me arse with it. Fair enough. Oh, here he comes, bless him. You all right, sweetheart? No. What you going to do? What can I do? Nowt. Seems like they don't give a shit about us. Well, I'm not going to go to the Holbeck branch. It'll take me two buses and it's a dump. I've had it with this place. Hey, come on now, Stuart, don't do anything silly. We've got a couple of months until they shut up shop and anything can happen in that time. Like what? Well, I don't know, plans might fall through or we might win the lottery, which reminds me... Yeah, and pigs might fly! I went in there to ask for a grand to put down on a flat for me and Amy. And a pay rise. Stuart! You can't just... Oh, bloomin' heck! I've come to take Amy to see a flat. You'll have a job, lad, she's at the hospital. Why, what's wrong? I don't know, she'd no sooner got here than they were calling an ambulance, she said she'd got a pain. Hey! What am I supposed to do with Jack? It's me. Where are yer? Amy... This is the third message I've left, will you ring me... and let me know...? I'm sorry, but you can't use mobile phones in here... Amy... Cart... Are you all right? Would you like a glass of water? Amy... Can you hear me? Stuart? Where am I? Hospital. You passed out. It's all right, don't get up, there's no rush. My girlfriend was brought in, she's eight months pregnant... Just breathe in and out, nice and slowly. That's it. Try not to talk. You all right? They rang t'shop, said you'd fainted. Mam's on her way in cos they asked me a load of questions and I didn't know the answers. What's your girlfriend's name? Amy Cartwright. I'll find out what I can for you. You shouldn't get yourself worked up, Stu. It's all right for you! I've lost me girlfriend, me son, me job... For all I know, she might... All right, calm down, take some... take some deep breaths, yeah? I've been thinking. We take, what, six grand on a Friday what with lottery and weekend shoppers? So? So, Bob don't go t'bank till Monday, so it's in the safe all weekend... No... No. You've got the number... What if there were a robbery? I don't want to hear it, Jamie... it's not happening. Think about it for a minute. I don't want to! I don't want to hear another word about... You get money for somewhere for you and Amy to live, and Right Buy U get their insurance, not that they deserve it after treating us like shite, but... everyone's a winner, Stu, even them. Everything's all right! It seems like your girlfriend gave birth to a baby girl half-an-hour ago... five pounds, four ounces. Let's pop that mask back on. No... Get this stuff off me, I've got to go see her. She looks like me Nanna Ellis. Look at her little fingers. Jack will love her. They said she has to stay in till her breathing gets right... but I can go home tomorrow, all being well. Come back to me mam's, Amy. Just till I get summat sorted. I'm going to look at a flat for us. Really? Yeah, a two bed, and it's all been done up... And I've asked Bob for a pay rise and he says he'll have a word with Head Office for me. Too right. You deserve it after working there all these years. Yeah, well, that's what he said. He said if it were up to him, he'd just give it me. When will you know? Soon... next week. I'm doing the best I can, Amy. You still love me, don't you? It's you I'm worried about. How will we manage? Everything's going to be fine, I promise. And we're a family now. Got a boy and a little baby girl. Look at her... she's beautiful... just like her mam. Oh, God, no. I've been looking all over for you. What's happened? I passed out, I'm fine. It's all this stress. Right, which one is she, then? That's her. Oh, bless her little cotton socks, poor thing, what a start in life. Prem babies never do well. Mam! But she's a little poppet, and she's a good weight to say she came early and lived on instant noodles. Why do you always have to have a go at her? I'm off back to me mam and dad's when I leave here and so is baby! Amy! What did I say? You can't keep yer bloody mouth shut, can yer?! Hello! The big bedroom's large enough for a cot and your little boy can go in here. He's just put a brand-new bathroom suite in and it's a professional couple that live downstairs, so you should have no trouble. I could let this place tomorrow. No, don't do that. When's he need t'money? Monday, and it's two grand. Two grand?! You said... One month's rent and three months' bond. Look, he's only doing it cos I vouched for you... I said you were a decent guy with a family. Don't let me down. 'Your breakfast's ready!' Look, let's just forget it. I know he's got one that looks dead real, I've seen him playing with it. Did she take any of Jack's toys with her? Here it is. It won't work, that don't even look real. It will on CCTV. It won't! It looks like a toy. It's a bloody crazy idea, this. We'll get found out. How? There's nothing that can go wrong, I've thought of everything. What if Bob don't leave? He always leaves bang on time on a Saturday cos he has to be home in time for Strictly... him and his missus always watch it. All we've got to do is stick to t'plan. I mean, if we only give a pound, we won't get much for that, will we? Well, how much do you think we should give? If we all give a fiver, we should be get something decent. Bob might give a tenner, he usually gives a bit more. Fancy him having a little girl, Aww! How lovely is that?! I wish I'd had kids. Why didn't you? It just never happened. Anyway, we've got Billy and Tilly and Mam now, so... We're not open for another ten minutes, Connie! What's up, couldn't you sleep? I just need to get me lottery ticket. She's off her trolley, that woman. Go on, let her in. Help The Aged are taking us to Whitby for t'day. I'm getting picked up in 20 minutes. It's a rollover... I can't miss it. What would you do if you won? Have me eyes lasered, and summat done with all these wrinkles, and... get meself a young lover. What are you like, you naughty girl?! There you go! Enjoy Whitby. No chance, they're all old gimmers. Hey, Bob! Would you get your eyes lasered if you won the lottery? Lasered? Not a cat in hell's. What's wrong with me glasses? Nothing, but can you imagine waking up and being able to see? I can't think of anything worse. Our Annie's not a pretty sight first thing in morning. Anyway, I like life to come into focus very slowly. I'd love it if I didn't have to wear these jam jars. And they're getting worse. I opened Dave's telephone bill yesterday morning, thought it said "Mrs" D Simpson and it said "Mr". Do you know, he made 87 texts to the same number last week? 87?! Whose number was it? Nobody's I know. Well, I'd find out if I was you. Morning... I thought you'd be with Amy and the new baby. They're still in t'hospital. I'm going to see 'em after work. Congratulations. What you going to call her? Daisy, I think. Aww, that's a lovely name. Jamie... you owe me your lottery money. Oh, yeah... There you go. And can you tell yer brother he owes me five weeks now? I'm not tellin' him 'owt. Hey, hey, hey, I wondered where you'd rushed off to yesterday. Hey... well done, son, well done! I always wanted a girl. "A son's a son till he takes him a wife, "but a daughter's a daughter for the rest of her life". Never a truer saying, believe me. Both my lads only show up when they want something! Oh... you're entitled to paternity leave, do you know that? Yeah, I were thinking, maybe I could have money instead? I'll look into it, but... you need a bit of time off, surely? I need money, more than I need time off. Well, that suits me, it were mental yesterday with you not being here and it being rollover weekend. Why don't you fill in one of them application forms for Newbury's, eh? You're fit, young and healthy. I'll put a word for you. I don't know about that, I've got asthma. What's a bit of asthma? It's bloody frightening when you can't breathe. You can't leave it there, anyone could look in it! I always leave me bag there. We've just got to act normal, stop freaking out! Get on the shop floor. Crazy out there, this afternoon. I haven't had time for me lunch. I can't go all day, I have to eat or I'd kill someone. You haven't started smoking, have you? No, I just needed to get some air. I wish I could give up. I've tried patches, hypnosis, everything. I gave up for 18 months before I moved up here. Yeah, well, if you've done it once... Do you still have relatives in Wales? No. My parents and brother moved to the Isle Of Man before I left. And what about Stacey's dad? He's still down there, but we never hear from him, thank God. Don't he want to see his daughter? I don't know... and I don't care. Stacey's not bothered, she doesn't really know him. She was only two when I left. Were you married? What's this, 20 questions? I'm just interested, that's all. I'd like to marry Amy. Especially now. I just can't afford an engagement ring. Well, why don't you fill in the form for Newbury's? I have. Cos I don't want to work for 'em. But you've got your new baby to think of now. Do it, then we can still work together. I better get back in. Bob's puking up in t'toilet again... What you drinking for?! You've got to keep a clear head, you tosser! I don't want to do this. No, it's too late, bro. Are you all right in there? Bob? I'm all right. I ate one of those out-of-date pork pies... Think it were off. You did that the other day with your chicken sandwich. I know, I'm just a greedy bastard. Right, I've cashed up till number two. I'm going to mark down the sell-by's and then I'll get off. Will you cash up till one and then lock up? Yeah, 'course. I'll do the markdowns and the floats, if you like. You go if you don't feel well. Oh, it's all right. I'm catching the 7:05pm bus to t'hospital, so I can sort everything. All right... Good lad, good lad. Hiya? They've said I can go home. Fantastic, well... I'll come and get you, then. No, me dad's going to pick me up. W-Why? I'll get us a cab. I don't want you to. I'm letting you know I won't be here later, I'll be at my mam's. But I'm getting this flat sorted for us and... 'Well, when you've got it, let me know.' I want to see Jack! You'll see him and the baby when we move into our new home together. 'Yeah, but...' Amy? Amy? Are you there? Shit! I can do that if you want to get off, Leanne. No, it's all right, I'm nearly done. Bob's going early, he don't feel well. Right. I'll mop around. Cheers. Have a nice evening. I'm gonna make a start cashing up, if you want to face up the aisles, Denise. I'm cream crackered. Been non-stop today. I tell you what, you get off and I'll do that. There you go. Lottery money. Aw, thanks. Are you sure you'll be all right? We'll be shutting in a couple of minutes. We'll be fine, honestly. Hope you feel better. Oh, it's nowt. I'll see you all tomorrow! See ya! See ya! He looks blooming shocking. Second time he's puked this week. I wouldn't surprise me if he's got an ulcer, his lads give him some grief. Hey, where do you think you're going? It's not half past yet. I've not had a break all day. I've gotta get home, get changed and get into town. I'm on a promise tonight. What's she like? Fat, 40 and a specky four eyes, but she goes like a frog on speed, you know what I mean? Oh, you cheeky monkey! How've we done? Good. See you, Stuart. Night. See you. Have a good one. I don't like saying anything, though. I know he's got a lot on with the new baby and everything. But you can't keep forking out for him every week. Ask him if he still wants to be part of it. Yes, you're right. Open the tills! There's nothing in the tills, only tomorrow's float. But I don't know that, do I? Open the tills! Come on! Do it like it's real, look like you're frightened. I'm shitting myself. Right get over to that till. Come on! Come on! I don't believe I'm doing this. Shut up! Right I'm asking you where the safe is. Don't answer. I'm gonna come at you with the gun. You back off like you think I'm gonna whack you. Right, we're gonna back to the office, come on. I'm right at the back of you. Keep going. Faster! Come on, I wanna get of here. I must be off my bloody head letting you talk me into this. What's that noise? Sounds like a phone. Right, keep moving. Come on!! I'm going as fast as I can, my hands are shaking. I can't see the numbers. Can I turn the light on? So they can see me better you mean? No you bloody can't. It's ringing again. Just ignore it. Bingo. Stick it in there. All of it? Every last penny. Stuart? Shit, it's Bob. Get down. Stuart? It's me. Ah, there you are. I got nearly all the way home and realised I didn't have my phone. What are you doing in the dark? Nothing, I was just putting... Ah, that sounds like mine. I must've dropped it in there when I was puking. What are you doing? Jamie! Found it! What did you do that for, you stupid prick?! God. Look what you've done! I had to make it look real. There's blood coming out of his head. Where's the money? Shit. Bob, can you hear me? Are you all right, Bob? What are we gonna do? Shit. Bob? Bob? Jamie! Can I have an ambulance, please? Um, Bentley Parade, Meanwood. Right Buy U. We've been robbed and my boss had been injured. He's got blood coming out of his head, can you come as quick as you can, please? I couldn't say 'owt to Bob cos he had the gun pointed at me. But he chose not to use the gun and coshed your manager over the head with a whiskey bottle instead? So he was white, about five foot ten to six foot, average build and you think he was aged about 20? Like I said, I'm not good with ages, but he looked about that to me. All I could see were his eyes and they were brown. And he had a Birmingham accent? I think so. He were definitely from the south. Jane rang me from the flat upstairs, what's happened? This is Denise, she works here. DCI Newall. I'll need to ask you a few questions. We've been robbed. I was just locking up and he barged in. He had a gun. Oh, my God, are you all right? I am, but Bob isn't. He came back, he'd left his mobile phone in the toilet. Coming through, Coming through. Come on. Oh, what's happened? Come on. On my three. One, two, three. Come on, up. Is he gonna be all right? Have you finished? For now. I'll need to speak to you again though. Yeah, whatever. Can I go with him in the ambulance? Can you hear me, Bob? Does Bob have someone at home? Yes, there's his wife... Squeeze my hand if you can hear what I'm saying... GCS6, E1, V2, M3... Er, Stuart and Jamie... He's not gonna die, is he? I've no idea. It depends if we can get him through these next couple of hours. This is as far as you can go. Do you want to have a seat on there? Annie. Where is he? They've taken him down that corridor, but you can't go down. Is he going to be all right? How is he? Not good. And are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. I'd be freaking out if it happened to me. He must've been lurking about outside, waiting for us all to leave. Oh, creepy. Oh, poor Bob. I should've done something. Like what?! Stop it. He had a gun, what could you do? I don't know, anything. Hey, come on. It's not your fault. I'm sure you did everything you could. He could've killed you and then what would your Amy have done? I've gotta go, I can't handle this. Will you let me know if anything happens? Yes, of course I will. You get off home. That poor lad. He won't know whether he's coming or going. I think he's still in shock. Where's Jamie? You're late. Where is he? Upstairs. Open the door! Just a minute. Now! You've half killed a man, you stupid bastard. God sake, man. Chill out, yeah? He's fighting for his life. Are you mashed? I just had a bit, man. You bastard. Get off me! I hate you. His wife's in pieces and you're snorting charlie, you dick! What's going on up there? Nothing! I just had a little bit. I just needed something. He could die, Jamie. Do you understand? Die! And then we'll be done for murder! No, we won't, we're not gonna get done for anything. They're not gonna find out if you keep it together and keep yer gob shut. We've got the money. I don't give a shit about the money. There were over seven grand in that safe. Here, look at it. I don't want to look at it. Have some. I don't want it. It's blood money. Your tea's ready! Don't you know what you've done? I'll tell you what I've done, I've got you a deposit on your flat and I've got you Amy, Jack and the baby back. Are they gonna give you a job at Newbury's then? It's not the same company. They've just bought the site, so we've got to apply. They're sending someone from Head Office to talk about us options. Right. They offered Bob and Denise the Holbeck branch. But not you two? No. Not for us. Well, that's nice, in't it? After all them years you've worked for them. All right, Mum. What's up with yer dinner? Nowt. Seeing as the pair of you are paralysed, I'll get it. It'll be coppers. So what? They can't prove a thing. It's Denise from the shop. What is it? Oh, God. I don't know how to tell you this. He's died. Who's died? Nobody. We've won the lottery. Eh? All our numbers came up. What did you say? I know it's a shock, but we've won ?18 million. What? Yes! Yes! Yes! Are you being serious? You can't have. There's the ticket, you can check the numbers online. 18 million between five of us... ..I fed our Milly and Tilly and turned 'telly on and number seven and 32 were already out... It don't matter, it's a shit load of money, a shit load... It's nearly four million each. Bloody hell fire. We're rich! Yes! Yes! I don't believe it, it's bloody incredible! We're millionaires! No-one can touch us now! Nothing like this has ever happened to me before, I've never won anything in my life, not a scratch card, phone-in, nothing. Have you told Annie yet? No, because when I rang the lottery line they said I have to inform everyone in the syndicate first. Is Bob not in the syndicate? Bob's in a coma. We haven't told me mum yet. Told me what? Shop got robbed tonight, just as I were leaving and Bob got coshed over the head. That's terrible. Why didn't you say anything? Is he all right? No, he's fighting for his life. Oh, dear. Well, let's hope he wins, 'specially now, 'cos he'll be dead happy when he finds out he's a millionaire. A multi-millionaire. They told his wife that sometimes they never recover properly after a head injury. Well, at least she'll have no money worries. What else did the lottery people say? They said everything seemed to be in order with the numbers. Fantastic... And that the winner's adviser... Who's that? Will you let her speak!? ..will come to the shop tomorrow... Who's coming? She's trying to tell us, you moron. To check our ID's and the ticket and discuss publicity. Publicity? He said it's really important we don't tell anyone till after the press conference on Monday. There's gonna be a press conference? We're gonna be famous! But we've not got to tell anyone till then. I've won the lottery. What? Over three million quid. What? We've won the lottery. Daddy! Hey, Jack. If this is some kind of sick joke to get me back... I swear on our Jack's life. Five of us won 18 million, only I'm not supposed to say anything till after the press conference. We're gonna be in all the papers and everything. I don't believe it, that's brilliant. We can get a new house, new car. We can and go on holiday, we can go to Lanzarote. You can buy me an engagement ring. I'm going to go and get dressed, you're going to take me out and we're gonna celebrate our new baby daughter and being rich! Oh, my God... Our lives are going to change so much. I know. It's just come at the right time as well, with baby and everything. Yeah. She can have the best dresses, biggest pram money can buy, the lot. I can't wait to have her home. When did they say we could take her? When she starts to feed properly. I've expressed loads of milk and they're giving it her through a tube. Called her Daisy. But breathing's better? Yeah. They said she could come out of the incubator soon. Every time I look at her, I just feel so awful. Why? Cos it were my fault. She come early and I should have never let myself get so wound up over your mum, I should've never been lugging them cases around. I don't know what I was thinking of. Amy, it were nobody's fault. She were just ready to come and she were only four weeks early. I hope she'll be all right. She will be. She's a good weight. And she's a fighter, like her mum. I love this song. Come on, let's dance. Do I look fat? You've just had a baby. You look beautiful. I'm sorry I were horrible to you, Stuart. It don't matter. It's all in the past. Are you happy? Yeah. So happy. Well, that's all I want. All I want is for this night to never end. Do you love me now, Amy? Course I love you. It's just your mum I can't stand. Hey, we could go to a hotel tonight. I've not got enough. Money don't come into the bank till Wednesday. I know, but I've got a new card. Where the hell did you get that from? Hello? 'Where the hell are you? It's 20 past nine.' You were supposed to be here at half eight. We're all waiting for you. I'll be right there. Amy, I've gotta go. Get your stuff, cos you and Jack are moving back to me mum's till we get a house. Everything seems to be in order with the ticket. Yes. Fantastic. All your IDs are fine and dandy, so we're just waiting on Stuart now. He won't be long, he's on his way. It's Stuart Bradley we've got a bit of an issue with. What's the problem? I think we'll just wait until he gets here. So do you have any thoughts on publicity? Yeah, splash it about, that's what I say. Go for it. I'm not sure about that. Sorry I'm late. You must be Stuart? Yeah. Andy Faraday. I rang the hospital and Bob's come round. He's conscious again. Great, that's brilliant news. He's still in intensive care though, but he's got to have a scan this morning. We haven't told him the good news yet, but we're hoping to very soon. Do you have ID, Stuart? Will my driving licence do? If we decide to go public, which newspapers will it be in? I think all of them will cover it, even some of the broadsheets. I don't mind local papers but I don't think we should let all the papers know... Why not? I just don't. Will it mention our names? Yes, but obviously not your addresses. There will be some people who know where you live though, so we'll have to talk about strategy. What's up, love? Nothing. I don't want people knowing my business, that's all. What's up with you? You should be jumping for joy, shouting from rooftops. You've won the lottery. It's not as simple as that for some of us. What we like, Leah, is every member of the syndicate... My name's Leanne, I don't use Leah. Sorry, Leanne. What we like is all the winners to be happy with the way we're proceeding. Now, it seems to me the main issue to resolve right now is how many members there are in the syndicate. Five. Part of my job is to establish the actual winner, who is technically Denise as she is the ticket holder and it's her name and address on the back of the ticket and make sure there are no abnormalities, Yeah, but we all pay her every week. If I can just finish, make sure there are no abnormalities, like unpaid-up members of the syndicate. You mean me, don't you? Actually yes, I do. Shit! I thought it were too good to be true. I gather you haven't paid for five consecutive weeks? I'm sorry. It's not Denise's fault. It's my job to ask these questions. I didn't pay, cos we've been having problems. We're talking about ?18 million, that is a life-changing amount of money. Yeah, all right, I get it, I'm not entitled to a bloody thing. What we do in this situation is have a secret ballot. We ask each paid up member of the syndicate to decide if they think you should be included in the win or not. If the vote goes against you, the amount of money will be divided four ways instead of five, so there is a lot to consider. The bad news is you have to make your minds up now, as we would like to hold a press conference tomorrow. But what about Bob? Hopefully, we won't need Bob's vote if it's unanimous. Now, I have some pens and voting slips here. If you wouldn't mind stepping outside, Stuart. It'll be all right. Hiya, what yer doing, babe? I'm shopping for Daisy. I've got loads of lovely things, and just looking at prams now. There's a gorgeous one, it's really pretty 'and it's got a car seat that clips on.' Amy, don't buy anything, not yet, not till we've got the money. 'But we need a car seat to bring her home from t'hospital, 'and we're going to need a pram.' 'I know, but we've got to wait till after the press conference.' If you start splashing money about now, people'll put two and two together. 'Nobody's going to think we've won the lottery, silly! I've just had a baby.' Course we're going to be buying a pram and car seat. Anyway, it's the last one so I'll put it on the card. I've got to go, see you back at yer mam's. 'Amy! Amy!' Stuart, if you'd like to step back inside. Well... I'm sorry to drag this out, Stuart, but it seems like we will need Bob's vote after all. Oh... I'm still in wi' a chance, then? Absolutely. I'll call the hospital right now and see if it's possible for us to go down there. How is he? Like he's had his brain rattled. Might need to speak to you again, if that's all right? Yeah, sure, whatever. Are you Jamie Bradley? Yeah. Great, I'll be wanting to speak to you. DCI Newall. I gather you were the first to leave last night? Yeah, about, um, half six. 27 minutes past according to the CCTV footage. Yeah, well... I hadn't had a break all day and I were meeting someone. Right. And when you left, did you see anybody loitering about? No, I just went to catch my bus. Nothing out of the ordinary? No, nothin'. OK. Well, if you remember anything... I'll let you know. He knows. Does he bollocks! Did you vote me out? Give me some credit, mate, I am your brother. Why'd I want that lot to have your share? Cos it'd be four and a half million instead of three an' half for you. OK. The doctor said that three of us can go through to see him. We've only got five minutes, so who is it going to be? I have to be there. I think Stuart should go. I'm afraid it can't be Stuart. Well, what about Jamie? No. Um, I mean, I don't mind letting someone else... I don't want to go in, I'm no good with blood and stuff. I'll just get upset again. I don't understand why can't Stuart go? I'd like to be there when you tell him we've won and then I'll go. OK, I can't see it being a problem. So me and Jamie, right? How yer doing? Ah... Huh. Not so bad. It's not the first time I've had a thumping head from a bottle of whiskey. It's just normally I get to enjoy it first! Now then, Jamie. Hiya. We've brought someone to see you, Bob. This is Andy. I'm Andy Faraday. How do. I've got some very good news for you. Can you hear me, Bob? It's good news. I've left Stacey at Mia's, I hope she'll be all right. She will be. We've won the lottery, Denise. I know but... Bob? Bob, are you all right?! Maybe it was the shock of him finding out that we've won! It's OK, it's just to let us know one of the wires has come loose. Thank God, I thought he'd... No, he's fine, but very tired. Could we just have one more minute, please? Bob, we need an answer. Stuart's going to step outside. No, no, wait a minute, son. What does it matter... if... if he missed a few weeks? Give him the money. Give it him. Good lad. You're a good lad. Sorry I'm late. Taxi took ages. Come on, we're all waiting for yer. I had to help Amy into t'house with t'baby and all t'stuff from hospital. How is she? Fantastic. I'm just glad t'baby's home. He's fine, Maxine. It's time. Can we get a brother to each side, please? Stuart, if you could hold one end of the cardboard cheque, please, that's it. That's it. OK. Are we ready? Big smiles. Sorry to keep you waiting, ladies and gentlemen. We're very proud to announce... How long have you been in the syndicate? Look this way! How did you find out you'd won? How did you choose your numbers? What's yer names? Jamie Bradley. Stuart Bradley. Denise Simpson. What are you going to spend your money on, Stuart? How about charity? He's just ordered two Ferraris. He's joking. I'm going to buy a nice house for me and my family. What's your name, love? Leanne. Leanne what? Just Leanne. There'll be an official press statement. And who picked the numbers? Me. And you're Denise? Was it family birthdays, or...? That's right, yeah. So, what are you going to spend your money on, Denise? Trying to get my husband back. I CAN change! No, you can't change who you are. No, you can't leave me. Their mum didn't know about the robbery. I thought it was a bit odd. It IS odd. It looks like you're telling the intruder to "Get down". Now why would you say that? Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 