Nicolas Le Floch: Season 6, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nicolas Le Floch 
 s6e1 - Le cadavre anglais - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nicolas Le Floch (2008–2018): Season 6, Episode 1 - Le cadavre anglais - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 "Only secrecy will guarantee your safety." The English Cadaver "Only secrecy will guarantee your safety." Ladies, look at my instrument. Copeau, you are too much! The imminence of the conflict doesn't seem to bother them. To the contrary, the idea of revenge delights them. A war against the English is always popular. Despite austerity, even the people place their hopes in it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But you, as admiral of the fleet, what do you think? It will ruin the country, and without Austrian support, the outcome is doubtful. I would add, the Americans that we help are nothing but English. Madame... Monsieur the Marquis de Ranreuil. Sorry, I don't dance. I would like to examine the flute with which you want to run away. - Goodbye. - Madame... - Let me go. - Nicolas. What are you doing? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Madame Cahuet de Villers was about to leave with a flute that I would like to see. - I will not permit you. - Stop being the policeman. No one has taken anything illegally. I'm embarrassed. As is my father. I have no idea what this is about, but our records tell of your exploits, and I hope to put an end to your intrigues. Aimée. Admiral. Don't I get a kiss? There are many young men who dream of replacing me. I wouldn't want to discourage them. Ladies and gentlemen, I'll see you again soon, either in the inn or behind bars! The Cardinal Dubois visited all the watering holes The Cardinal Dubois visited all the water holes Wait. Look. You... I beg you. Please... You weren't robbed. The King's police did well. You smell of alcohol. You're alive. Someone else wasn't as lucky. - Where? - Over there. - I saw some English. - "Some English"? - James Harris. - The head of intelligence? Here, at the foot of a cab. - Sure? - Yes. A man of his importance doesn't wander around at night. Perhaps the motive can be found over there. The façade of the For-l'Evêque. A dagger to the heart and a rope next to the body. A failed escape attempt. With Harris in the neighborhood, no. Your escapee cut through the bars, without a trace of the very tool that enabled him to do it. How do you explain that, Mazicourt? We found nothing or maybe someone took it. Or the tool was given to him. It's well known, Monsieur de Mazicourt, that you run a second-rate establishment where gamblers, pimps, and actors are allowed. Low-class prisoners. The establishment is well known if you rescind the term second-rate. "The escape was discovered at dawn by a watchman "coming on duty. "I was told, I was awakened. "When I went out, the police were at the site." Can you confirm that? That's all, yes. There's no mention anywhere of the identity of the prisoner. Why? You're testing our patience, Mazicourt. Why was the man being held? There was a letter with the royal seal of which I was not authorized to keep a copy. Yet, the law requires it, in order to advise the judge. A letter from the king? So it was a matter of importance. Important enough to permit me to bend penitentiary rules. Who was providing for his care? A young officer, I'm not sure of his rank, came to bring him his provisions, candles and personal affairs. Does this button correspond to the fuzzy memory that you have of this young officer's rank? They held long consultations of which I know nothing. That's all I have to say. There's no joy during festivities this year: bad weather, not enough laborers, poverty is eroding the country... no remedies in sight that are better than the disease. You asked for me, Your Majesty? I had a flute made for my father-in-law, the Emperor of Austria, a confirmed music lover. A prototype. A flute in 3 pieces, by Keller. The gift was announced to him by the embassy, the gift was to celebrate the signature of the military pact between Austria and France. This alliance must temper belligerent passions from England, with whom war is imminent. Because of the Americas, where the Insurgents defy England's power. Do you have any idea of the importance of this matter, Marquis? Somewhat. If it has a high market value, the gift is above all of immeasurable symbolic importance. The flute disappeared right here, yesterday. That's to say, no flute, no agreement? Exactly. Truly a diplomatic disaster. It will be a pretext for Austria to remain neutral. How can you be an ally of a country unable to protect its royal apartments? The English are not yet in my apartments, Sartine. Our only hope is that a person of dubious motives seeks financial gain. There's still time to find the flute. Do it quickly. And remain as discrete as possible. The flute is a real problem. And please don't misunderstand, I'm talking about the instrument. As for the appendage, everyone knows, alas, that... that I still haven't produced a male heir for France. Have you tried to make it sing, by putting it in the mouth? My head is exploding like the buzz of Notre-Dame. And your heart blames your head for excessive drinking. - You're not angry? - And you? Why am I honored with your presence? Problems with a flute are troubling the king. Oh, really? No misunderstanding. An instrument of major diplomatic importance has been stolen. Weren't you looking for a flute under Cahuet's skirt? Exactly. Without your intervention, I would have found it. You know who took it. Take it back. From someone shielded by the queen, who has hidden it? I'll find it, Madame, and you'll help me. Me, play a police officer? You're joking, Nicolas? I'm not joking at all. Are you already leaving, Nicolas? Don't worry, Marquis, he is not a suitor for my daughter. In front of you is the ensign of a ship, Emmanuel de Rivoux, a young officer who ensures the liaison between the admiralty and Minister of the Navy, Monsieur de Sartine. This model is in the recent naval riflemen units Sartine has bestowed upon the fleet. He raises them like Prussians, which guarantees an obedience and loyalty of stubborn barbarity that we find in certain dogs. The description betrays little sympathy. I'm just old-fashioned. I don't appreciate those who kill in cold blood in the name of exact science. In the king's name, is it really homicide? Is it true you came upon an escapee from For-l'Evêque? News sometimes travels faster than the facts, I see. But it's true, a very troubling escape, indeed. The dead man, held at gunpoint for unclear reasons and whose identity remains unknown, seems, in flight, to have fallen in a street where all the street lights were out. A dagger appears, it stabs the man's heart, while English extremists abound in the streets. And in the deceased's hand, a button from a French navy military tunic. There you go, that's it. It's important to emphasize that the only witness to evoke the presence of the English and of James Harris was found on site reeking of alcohol. That's enough, Pierre. - You're being familiar. - I wasn't drunk. Yes... It would be nice, before decay sets in, to sketch our anonymous victim, and send it to those who may have known him. Lavalée. He painted Mrs. Bourdeau at our wedding. In Arranet's quarters, I met a very curious bird. Could you obtain information on a certain Emmanuel de Rivoux, ensign of a vessel, and provide me with a report rapidly? Was this button missing from his tunic? No, but a button can be re-sewn, and he could have several jackets. Leave nothing to chance. He's one of Sartine's men. The object was stolen 2 days ago from the king's apartments. "A piccolo flute from Keller." Damn! It's worth its weight in gold. Even more than that. The French-Austrian alliance against the English depends on this instrument. That's all? A flute? Shouldn't the king take care of his own? He's been married 7 years. - Pierre... - 7 years and no child. I had one per year for 5 years running. Not everyone is you. Yet, it's not so difficult. Let's get back to the flute. It's in the hands of Lady Cahuet de Villers. She's looking to resell it. Discretely circulate the description of this flute and make it be known to any fencers that holding or reselling it will lead to the gallows. What need to mix little gifts and treaties of military alliance when the country is on the cusp of war? What a crazy affair! How futile are adult affairs. Am I right? Madame, I've come to excuse myself. But for what, my lady? Last night, my friend, the Marquis de Ranreuil, was very indelicate. I can't forgive him. But as hostess, I can only ask you to forgive me. No sooner said than done. So are you angry with this Ranreuil? I'm over it, Madame. This stupid story about a flute... How dare he accuse a friend of the queen? Do you know that Copeau borrowed it as a joke at the king's apartments? He thought it to be a gift to seal the alliance with Austria. I hope that Copeau put it back. I think he did so. He would be crazy to keep it. - A little English tea? - With pleasure. While we still have some. Why is your pretty face familiar to me, Miss? What do you want, young man? You're very kind. I'm just a little older, and by calling you "young man," I'm still a man. I won't forget it if I live long enough. I'm from the king's police force and I'd like to ask you a favor. "Policeman," "a favor"... You have very strange manners. Normally, the cops take everything and leave nothing. I think we're done for today. You may go. What kind of favor may I do for you? The portrait of an individual. My good friend, Inspector Bourdeau has a very nice portrait that you did of his wife. Why didn't you tell me sooner? I could not refuse the friend of my good friend, Inspector Bourdeau. We need a portrait that's in no way flattering, as real as possible, so that we can make an engraving and reproduce multiple copies. See you tomorrow. Her name is La Freluche and no one knows her origin. Grace, innocence. As if she came out of the blue. The intruder was a policeman. The Marquis de Ranreuil, otherwise known as Nicolas le Floch. Your little escapee was expected. The French killed the defector. For sure. The escape failed. Too bad. If it was homicide, it was because they knew. And if they knew, could it be that your cover be exposed? I don't think so. The other night, they saw only you. In no way should you be suspected. Meaning what? That whatever they know or don't know, it's imperative to get rid of Nicolas Le Floch. - Who is it? - The police officer. He came. He left soon after with the painter. And the girl? She left. Don't let him out of your sight. He was stabbed in the heart, in the shape of a cross, with a dagger. I know that, my friend. Most of his bones are broken. Your escapee died from his fall. And yet, they nailed him to the ground, like a butterfly to a cork. The blow's force and determination betrays a sentiment of hatred, some fanatical rage. There's evidence of passion. Have you analyzed the rope? - Not yet. - Do it. The resemblance is striking. - You're a master. - You flatter me. How much do we owe you? In exchange for payment, I'll keep the charcoal sketch. The sketches are only sketches. From a layman's point of view, they are well done. - May I? - Of course. Go and make copies of it. Here. - You can't eat paper. - Thank you. Beautifully combed wool. Perhaps we could gather some information from it. Have it examined by an expert, like your tailor, Vachon. As for concerns Monsieur de Rivoux, the sailor is a soldier, but a man too. He's hanging around the goddaughter of Lalande, the clockmaker, a certain Agnès Guinguet. Here's a little detail that will make you happy. "Promoted to the rank of ship ensign "at the personal discretion of the Minister, "Antoine, Raymond, Jean, Gualbert, "Gabriel de Sartine"... That's enough! That's enough! That's enough! A war is looming up before us! A war, a real war. Do you hear me? Time is of the essence and France needs a fleet! And you, all the while, you quibble, you mince words. "My escapee" here, "my escapee" there. "Who murdered my escapee?" Because you mince words. Who is my escapee, Sir? Are you still insisting? How am I supposed to tell you? Return the body, the watch and personal effects! He didn't have a watch. Ah? There was no escapee, Nicolas. There wasn't one. Tell me who it was and the motive for the killing. - And perhaps I would consent... - "Perhaps I would consent"? Tell me I'm dreaming! Tell me life is beauty, that I've lost my mind! I'm going to make it very clear. I prohibit you, I forbid you, I don't want you to go any further! I don't care about your police work. I don't care about your duty... Your police duties are a crock of shit. There was no murder at For-l'Evêque. There never has been. You were dreaming, I was dreaming, we were all dreaming. It's over. Monsieur, Minister of the Navy, I happen to have a fine portrait, which will soon be all over Paris. A father, a mother, a neighbor, someone will remember this man and come tell us about him. So, I will know. And thus, I will continue. That seems very nice. Who... Lavalée. A great artist. Here's what I'm doing with... your portrait. Show out the gentleman. His Majesty is waiting for the return of his flute. - Have you forgotten? - Not at all. Don't bother. I know my way. Nicolas! Don't you understand? It's a terrible war that's coming, with processions for the dead and oceans of suffering. One thing prevails in our thoughts. The state of the nation. Did you hear? The rascal will not be easy to convince. It'd be easier to convince the sun to rise in the West. What we have to do is cover our tracks, all our tracks. Let's hope the notion of "tracks" does not reach the ears of the Marquis de Ranreuil. Madame, he calls me careless and frivolous. Yet, if you only knew, we were very young when we married, the King and I. We were so young, almost children. We knew nothing about the court life of France. Who can claim to know anything about court life? Very early, I had to recognize the cunning and duplicity of people, the wickedness. At home, I was not used to human wickedness. I was told that I should mistrust you, like the pest. It's nothing but jealousy. You entertain me. The subject is a bit indecent, but the engravings are exquisite. In particular... Does His Majesty talk to you about the war? No. He doesn't want to darken my thoughts. I know he would like to count on my father's support. But all of that bores me. You're right, Your Majesty. I have a wonderful gift for you. A very beautiful instrument made by Keller in Strasbourg. A flute? But what would I do with it? I play the harp. Perhaps you could pawn it. Knowing it comes from you, no one would hesitate to pay a handsome price, and you could gamble at leisure. I can take care of everything. Pawn it? Why not? What do I have to lose, since I'm told that I'm the queen. Lady Cahuet will deny she has the flute, but she has it, given she can't get rid of it. And if the Austrian ambassador, who is coming, learns of the theft, we will have lost a war that has not yet begun. This is over my head. Excuse me if I don't get involved. To get back to serious matters, do you know that at Vachon's, a simple coat costs more than a worker makes in a lifetime? We didn't invent the world. Is this English fabric? Yes. But we cannot formally conclude that the man was English. Problems between our 2 countries don't hinder commerce. Money talks first. Given Sartine's tone of voice, and his determination to tear up the drawing, I'm sure he knows the stranger. He also seems extremely interested in a watch that the dead man was wearing. Nonetheless, his outcry seemed to result from real sincerity. He asked me not to persist in our investigation. In the higher interests of the realm, I presume. I find myself almost inclined to give in. The Marquis de Ranreuil is looking under the armor. Leave Ranreuil alone. It's a war that is coming. The state of the Nation. Nice excuse for the world's powers. Commissioner, you are requested at the prison. Are you crazy? - Seize him. - Leave me alone! You, scram. Scram, I said. Isn't it good policy to conclude it was a clever suicide? All the sketches and copies of the deceased have been seized, on orders of the king. Sartine lost no time. Such an artist... If someone's silencing witnesses, there's reason to fear for his life. He'd be here, in a pool of blood. Perhaps they didn't find him. I have doubts. He had a model here. We must find the lady to whom this note is addressed. Is there a name? "My friend," "my love," "my sweet," and signed "SFP." On the other hand, this button and this cameo point in the direction of that naval officer, Emmanuel de Rivoux. Come in, my friend. Can we make another portrait of the deceased? Alas, no. Decay is making him unrecognizable now. I understand your disappointment. I conducted a new examination of the body. A callus on the right hand intrigued me. A callus like those on workers practicing a trade of precision. Look. - Gold? - Gold filings. Under his fingernails and in the folds of his skin. Your man was a watchmaker. Excuse the intrusion, Your Majesty. I wish to address the watchmaker. Majesty, you are not obliged to answer. I have the body of a watchmaker, English perhaps, and it concerns me. La Borde, help the Marquis de Ranreuil and show him what Sartine hides in the habitual confusion of his eloquent silence. Go on, la Borde. Speak. We are seated far from indiscrete ears. What do you know on the topic of longitude? I mean... in naval terms. With latitude, it's essential so that the captain can determine his position at sea with precision. We've know about latitude since the Phoenicians. But calculating longitude is the subject of a fierce rivalry between us and the English. Imagine the importance of longitude in the context of combat, which is imminent. To determine longitude with precision, you need watches as precise as possible, synchronized so that each vessel is in the right position at the same time. To prepare for war is often to win the war. That's why a talented watchmaker is a major issue between belligerent nations. You've got the big picture, Ranreuil. As for how to deal with it, talk to Monsieur de Sartine. What about the damn flute? Time is of the essence. Making progress, Your Majesty. Have no doubt. The Minister charged me to keep you out. You're stopping me from entering? As a purely speculative matter, if your master ordered you to make someone disappear, a painter of renown, a young woman or the warden of a prison, what would you do? I'll let you judge the relevance of the question. Perfect answer. We serve the same master. No hard feelings, Ensign. I did hear some turmoil in the wings. I asked for a naval project made of cardboard. Light, flexible, seaworthy, easy to repair. In addition, less costly when one considers the price of wood. Surely, but to make cardboard, you need wood. Ah, damn... yes. I just saw the king. His Majesty made the Count de la Borde aware of the secret. Oh, damn! Light and flexible. I know about the question of longitude. And so? Stop, Commissioner. You've got me surrounded. What do you want now? The name of the escapee. His first and last names, why he was incarcerated. And if you know, the motive and the author of his murder. You'll get nothing! I've promised myself to maintain the greatest calm. And it's costing me. Stop, de Rivoux! But... You'll get nothing. Nothing at all. Too bad. Perhaps Admiral Arranet can enlighten me. I'll have the tunics of his officers checked to see if this button is missing. Most likely, it will have been replaced. Or maybe not. Where did you get this from? The cold fingers of the murdered man, whose identity you are concealing from me. Look among your men, too. Who knows, perhaps someone forgot to report a minor detail to you. Look on the other side of the door. I seem to recognize his face on this medallion found at Lavalée's studio. A resemblance, isn't there? For my sake, how can a light, flexible cardboard boat, withstand the recoil of cannon fire without sinking? Explain, de Rivoux! Explain! I sent for you because I've conducted research on the sheets used for the escapee's rope. Well? It proves they were soaked in a solution of lye which corroded the fibers. It was inevitable that it would break. Killed twice in a manner of speaking. By the fall and by the dagger. Someone was upset with our apprentice spy. Or wanted him to remain silent. What is Nicolas doing? Are you a gambler, Marquis? Not in the least, Your Majesty. My God! How bored you must be! I need your help. Not long ago, a person I know offered me an object of great value. An object she suggested that I pawn, all, you understand, under the greatest secrecy. Do you believe in secrets, Monsieur de Ranreuil? I practice it more often than I should, bit I hardly believe in secrets. It's no secret that I gamble. I play and I lose. I'm always coming up short. A very pathetic queen, aren't I? No, Your Majesty. You're a child thrown into this hodgepodge of deceitful beings that we call the court. You are still young. It's true there's a dark spot in your eyes, a streak of wisdom beyond your years. Perhaps it is because you are are a police officer. Let's talk straight. Shortly after, I was the victim of blackmail. It's a serious matter. Not that serious. I'm being asked to lend money for fraudulent transactions aimed at gambling on some influence peddling. They've even offered me a share. Otherwise? They king will find out and I don't want to be disparaging to him. The object is a flute. A flute from Keller, in Strasbourg? This flute is intended for your father to seal a treaty of military alliance between Austria and the French kingdom? My father, my husband... I could never admit it to them. I'm asking you to put an end to this, Marquis, in utmost secrecy. Is Monsieur de Fersen still not here? Send for him. I'm tired of waiting. Go now! If you'll excuse me... Go, Marquis. Do your best. Go! Kill him! Couldn't we, as men of the same standing, conclude a sort of peace of the braves? "Peace of the Braves"... While war is already rumbling in the Americas. You're out of the shadows, Harris. France has not lost, England has not won, death is still death. "Death"... What death? Well... Don't tell me you know nothing about the escapee from For-l'Evêque. One can't help but see the work of your services. This is news to me, Monsieur de Sartine. You've just handed me a jewel. I know nothing about this crime. Neither I, nor my services have a hand in this. "Crime"? Who talked of crime? The advantage is yours again. There's very little time to finish. What do you know on the subject of rumors concerning a certain flute that was recently stolen? Are your services involved in this operation? Not in that either. But we're noting with interest the reaction of Austria. You said it yourself, it's only rumors. A malicious rumor just good enough for gossip in our salons. No winner, no loser. It's a draw, Mr. Head of the Information Bureau. Not completely, Mr. Keeper of Secrets. I've just learned that the King's commissioner, Nicolas le Floch, who was going to Arranet's residence, has drowned. When falling off his horse. - Is he dead? - I did what I could. A parishioner found him floating on his back nearby. Leave me alone, please. You're alive. No thanks to you. I... I forgive you. You're alive. Let's forget it. What do you know about a missing flute? What do you know about the escapee from For-l'Evêque? After all... The man was Saül François Peilly. An English Protestant from a Huguenot family. He was spotted, approached and enrolled by our services. He was a skilled watchmaker. We placed him with Lalande, where longitude is being researched, then we had him arrested. We let him pass information to the English services. Which explains the presence of James Harris. The scoundrel! He kept that from me. - Kept it from you? - Doesn't matter. To keep nothing from you, after his escape, Peilly was to have been taken by the English to work with Harrington, a specialist in watchmaking. You would have had a mole among the enemy. And the watch that the man was supposedly wearing? A simple watch. To make them believe in the deficiency of our research. Although quite twisted, the conspiracy was not without appeal. Only, it didn't work. And do you know why? Because while you endeavored to plant your mole, the enemy was one step ahead. What trust do you have in de Rivoux? He was Peilly's desk officer, his contact. He didn't murder him. The English swear that they're not involved either. They're after you instead. Others were less lucky. Mazicourt acted under your orders. Are Lavalée and the young model dead? The interests of the kingdom sometimes require sacrifices. In this matter of the watchmaker, there's a murderer. That's a matter for the police. It's up to de Rivoux to find him. He's a soldier. I told you about the escapee. What can you tell me about the flute? I promised secrecy to His Majesty. I don't intend to waver. Gentlemen. I am Nicolas le Floch. I am Agnès Guinguet, the goddaughter of Mr.Lalande, the court's watchmaker, currently absent. This is Armand Desplat, a worker in the shop and my godfather's associate. I am an officer from Châtelet and this is inspector Bourdeau. Are you bearers of bad news? Why, Madame? It's just that... we are very worried. Tell me. My... My friend, Saül François Peilly, works here, but he's disappeared. Could it be that... this note was written by him? Oh yes! Assuredly. It's his handwriting. Could it be to you he is writing? I would hope so. Among his visitors was there a naval officer by the name of Emmanuel de Rivoux? I don't know, Commissioner. A certain La Freluche, who was a model? A painter in pastels called Lavalée? My friend is from La Rochelle. He hardly visits Paris. I'm his only companion in his moments of solitude. May I keep this note? No, Madame. It's required for an inquiry into a homicide. "Homicide"? Your friend is dead, Madame. What an interesting visit. - What did we see? - Yes, what did we see? Agnès was at ease in the role of a worried lover. For sure. Armand Desplat was convincing as the jealous lover. And the man spying on us at the street corner? The spirited Emmanuel de Rivoux. Handsome man. No doubt one of the diabolical trio. - An amorous rivalry? - Why not? If neither Sartine nor the English eliminated him, somebody had to have killed this fellow. But for the moment, Bourdeau, you are in charge of a delicate task, calling for tact and sensitivity. This wily manner of disguising things does not bode well. Le Floch is making progress. He came to the boutique. Big news. Having failed to kill him, the matter was hardly inevitable. If the French are looking for an assassin, it's that he's not among their ranks. So who, then? For you to find out. What does he know about you? No more than what you've told him. And the button from the tunic? I've one missing from a uniform, but I'm not the only sailor. And the medallion found at Lavalée's in which you appear? It's not me. We have to eliminate le Floch. I'll do it. If he continues to make progress, should we get rid of him? No! Let's wait and see, as our French friends say. Le Floch is very capable of leading us to the murderer. He will lead us perhaps to the mysterious killer. Keep an eye on him, from a distance. A kind of wait and see, as our English friends say. As for the rest, I suggest you get rid of all traces that may lead to your identification. What's the point of this ridiculous arrest made by your colleague? Stay here, this concerns you. Arresting me in front of my servants! A little discrete word and I would have come. Unable to resell the flute, La Cahuet had the intelligence to implicate the queen. If Her Majesty pawns the object, it's easy to threaten her with a scandal. Telling the king would mean betraying her. - Do you understand? - But who could? Those who provide money for the queen to play, friends of La Cahuet, who will benefit. What can I do that you can't? You're a friend of La Cahuet. Get close to her. Find out where the flute is, and tell me. Inspector Bourdeau will be your contact. And otherwise? A prison cell. The salons or a prison cell, your choice. - Any news of Lavalée? - No. - And his model? - No. We have to find her. She knows de Rivoux well, and who knows who else. The wine is drinkable. Shouldn't you take a few days rest? It's not as good as wine from Irancy. Oh, that's good! Madame... - Madame! - Oh, Monsieur! Nicolas. You know all the girls in Paris, what do you know about Freluche? - I'll teach you a lesson! - Calm down. Would you please excuse us? The Freluche girl? The most corrupt creature still has somewhere in her being a trace of original innocence. I sense a touch of sarcasm, aimed at me. Why would I be sarcastic? Speaking of souls is fitting for a brothel keeper. The Freluche girl, that was her: grandeur, innocence... She never marketed her charms, nor anything, for that matter. La Freluche emptied the chamber pots. As for gallantry, she was worthless. Is she in trouble? I don't know yet. Hurry up. You're going to pay her! That's enough! Get out, please. Go... What a pity, Nicolas, that you haven't consented to play the role of protector for me personally. The word pimp seems more appropriate. Protector or pimp, what does it matter? Because of you, I've had to settle for this lout. Do you know where La Freluche is living presently? I can only give you her last address. But it's a neighborhood you shouldn't visit at night without an armed escort. Gentlemen. Bravo! I place... What do you know about lady Cahuet de Villers? A real pain, scheming and corrupt. She comes to bet and lose relentlessly at the pharaoh's table. Like tonight, in fact. I win! No more bets. Madame, I would like to talk with you privately. Decidedly, Monsieur, you are very persistent. Well, I'm listening to you. - Please. - Let go of me or I'll make a scene. What would you like to ask me about? A stolen flute. You don't seem to realize its importance. The flute again? It concerns a theft and blackmail of the queen. The last time it was seen, it was with your former mistress, Mademoiselle d'Arranet. An excellent friend who doesn't miss you. Speak with her. Would you be capable of putting your interests before the kingdom's? Like everyone at Versailles. It's a matter of war. It wouldn't be the first, nor the last. And like every time, the shrewdest get rich from it. Enough! I don't have and never did have this flute. Madame... You fuck my mistress, interfere with the games. Who do you think you are? Simon... Simon, come here. Monsieur. La Freluche, my friend. I'm not your friend. The little bird flew away, without paying her rent. And here you are, foolishly. You've come alone, without disguise. God help you. - Little Mama, I knew her. - "Little Mama"? The one you call "La Freluche". Little Mama took care of us, all those who didn't have a mother. One day, someone came for her and she left. - Who came? - I don't know. - Do you want to harm her? - No. I want to find her. I'd appreciate your help. Strange world, strange times. War, poverty mixed with frivolity. I owe my salvation to a bunch of coins. What happened to you? I realized how frightening it is for a circle to close in on you. In the case of our escapee, we have 3 suspects. The goddaughter of fantasy, the jealous comedian, and the soldier on guard and mentor of the dead man, Emmanuel de Rivoux. Anyone close to the victim is suspect. We have 3 of them in Lalande's workshop. Exactly. I want them to feel the heat, maniac, harassed by flies. It means showing our presence, tightening the noose. Warn Rabouine. I want that to be in place, from tonight. I know where Little Mama is hiding. Do you want to eat? I have a daughter your age. Is there something you'd like? Yes, Monsieur. To be in heaven with my mother and my sisters. Up there, they have something to eat every day and neither death, nor suffering, nor cold can bother them. Here. Take me. Let's go. If you had consulted me about longitude, I would have gone on endlessly, and you too, by the way. France's fortune is that Harrington is stifled by his rival, the Reverend Maskelyne. A watch on the one hand, calculations of lunar distances on the other. Nothing about that is secret or worth killing for. As if you need a reason to kill someone. At last! A word from your mouth, Mademoiselle. I was afraid that you were mute. Is it true that you worked for Paulet? Yes, Monsieur. Honesty requires me to say so. I was a slut and emptied chamber pots Then a woman of standing took me under her wing and I found work as a model. My benefactor... Thank you, sir. I'm going to sleep. Where did you get that? This is why de Rivoux spared you. What has become of Lavalée? I don't know. Please, I don't know. You're protecting a murderer. It's not him. He answers to the king's orders. He... He's stalking an English spy. Armand Desplat? My benefactor told me that he's a vulgar lout, an animal in heat who is consumed by love for her without being paid in return. Emmanuel has suspicions about him. He pretends to love my protector to get closer. Your benefactor at Lalande? Agnès Guinguet? She's a real lady. Emmanuel... He... He promised to marry me. And a young watchmaker, Saül François Peilly. To hell... To hell, my dear lady... - To hell... - Go on, Madame, have pity. It's hell... Have you lost your mind, Desplat? You could have been one of them. The beggars. And then what? They've come little by little. They come, they go. They were sticking to the windows like flies. This police officer, and now, the flies. I'm lost, I'm telling you. - What are you saying? - I killed for you, Madame. Ridiculous... You did what? I killed for you, Agnès. You're never out of my sight. Never. I saw how it was between Saül and you. I got close to the little Protestant. I pretended to be his friend. He was scared. He confided in me. Go on. - What did he confide? - Everything. His imminent arrest, his escape, the English. the damn sailor prowling around you. I helped him make a rope. I dipped it in acid used for engraving clocks. I don't know what you're saying. Come on, Agnès. You know everything. Saül told me that he confided in you. Saül was a spy and de Rivoux visited him. But I'm more cunning than them. Me, the watchmaker's assistant, I'm more cunning. One day, the sailor left his keys in your suitor's bedroom. It was easy to make a copy and to steal a tunic to get close to the victim. You really murdered Saül? I'm a criminal. I stabbed him because he'd broken my heart. You were infatuated with a spy. I saved you, Agnès. I love you. I would die 1,000 deaths for you, but give yourself to me, otherwise, I'm worthless. I'll go turn myself in. Armand. Thank you. I hardly recognize you, my dear. It would seem the devil is chasing you. The devil, indeed. The little marquis is all over me. Therefore, the crime would be due to a jealous lover? These French and love... Always love. Desplat knows nothing about me. Killing him would probably raise eyebrows. Of course. Besides him, are there any other witnesses likely... to lead the police? None. You're certain of that? We can't take any risks, Agnès. None. Since I'm playing a policeman, I went to tell you that I've found nothing. But you weren't there or at Monsieur de Noblecourt's. Bourdeau thought about Semacgus, your reputation, and here you are in her wrinkled sheets. Were you worried? Don't deny the evidence. Whose hair is this? If I told you nothing happened you wouldn't believe me. Time is precious and the flute is missing. Your little flute story, keep it for Paulet! - I didn't cheat on you... - Leave me alone! You're bleeding. You're bleeding... A poorly closed wound that I've had for a while. Oh, excuse me. I thought... What did you think? A policeman came looking for me here. I thought he was coming back. - A police officer? - Commissioner le Floch. When? Last night. - You spent the night with le Floch? - Just slept. And then I fled. Why you? I don't really know. He spoke about de Rivoux, Desplat and you. Would you betray me? No, Madame. I've always remained loyal to you, even when it cost me to tell you about Emmanuel. You really love Rivoux. And what do you know about me? So little. Sorry, my dear... I'm upset to have let Freluche get away. That hardly seems like you. And is it like you, to slander a comrade? A simple lie and the Countess d'Arranet would have torn my eyes out. Excuse my intrusion, gentlemen. But I have a strange little story to tell you. I don't understand much about it. We're listening. Please sit down. Thank you. You know Inspector Bourdeau. Madame. Do you remember Armand Desplat, my godfather's associate? I just learned that this man, in love with me, but not loved in return, knew about my liaison with my lover Saül François. And de Rivoux? Excuse me? During our visit to your shop, you denied knowing de Rivoux. Yet, it seems he's been chasing you. It seems to me you asked me if he visited Saül. I don't know. The rest concerns my private life and doesn't seem useful. Pardon me. I didn't ask the question properly. You know de Rivoux? Yes. In a very superficial way. He's a client who woos me when he drops in, as a number of clients do. We don't doubt, Madame. You also denied knowing Lavalée and La Freluche. Very well. I came to help the police, but I prefer to leave. I'm looking for the truth and accuse you of nothing. So? Only the disarray in which your visit left me may explain my confusing answers. Naturally, I know Lavalée, as does everyone. Moreover, he's a client of the House of Lalande. As for La Freluche... she's a young lady that my affluence allows me to help. The facts, please. I'm certain that Armand Desplat killed my lover. You may leave. Thank you. Is that all? And if, by vengeance or cowardliness, he accused me of something? My wisdom permits me to keep things in perspective. In the meantime, do nothing, say nothing. A very beautiful specimen. Who doesn't object to the presence of vermin when they haunt her street. Any good bourgeois would have asked us to intervene. Desplat seems to have panicked. Of what would she be guilty? She denounced the murderer of her lover. Undoubtedly. So how did things happen? De Rivoux suspects Desplat is an English spy, and under cover of courting Agnès, he ensures that Desplat learns of Saül François Peilly's escape. Desplat forewarns the English in order to retrieve the defector. So there. So you weren't drunk. If Desplat is an English agent, why kill Saül? Well, in order to... If Desplat is not an English agent, but only a rejected lover who kills his rival, who warns the English about the escape? The watch, Desplat. Do you acknowledge a homicide committed on the person of Saül François Peilly? Everything I did, I did for love. Mademoiselle! There were gold filings and grease in the creases of her neck. Lethal traces of a small and bony hand, almost feminine, most determined. I consulted the list of accommodation. On his arrival in Paris, Guinguet stayed in an establishment where lodging was funded by the English Embassy. - At the Hotel Morillon? - Exactly. I checked, the bitch hasn't reappeared. - She's being watched. - Good. She'll come back. She doesn't know what we know. She's still playing her cards. You're right, Nicolas. Yes, but too late, and that doesn't make it right. I want you at Versailles tomorrow, at dawn. "At Versailles"? What you're going to do, Ranreuil could not do without triggering a scandal at the court. There was a spy. But far from being part of a grand story of espionage, the crime was in fact a story of jealous lovers. A lover, a mistress, an angry assassin. An unremarkable police matter, just enough to inspire the theater. And yet... Is it the triviality of the affair or something more intimate that justifies your despondency? I deplore the very cruel, and undoubtedly, useless death of an innocent. Brutally strangled. A certain Freluche. What's the matter? Stand up, Monsieur. You were looking for an English spy. Well, it's a woman. Agnès Guinguet, so-called goddaughter of Lalande and mistress of the poor Peilly. She strung you along, gentlemen. You betrayed me, you snake! She had no choice. She's my witness. She betrayed no one, knowing nothing of the flute's whereabouts. Careful! It belonged to the Baron's grandmother... I've the same one at the castle. No! Oh no! No! Not the porcelain figurine! Despicable thug, taking it out on art, the foundation of civilization! I forbid you! You can forbid, Madame. Nothing is off limits to me. The statue means nothing to me. I'm not of your world. I don't give a damn about your foundation. Mademoiselle, do something. I was given the mission of finding this flute. Wherever it is, I will search for it. And if you tire of my goodwill, we'll go to the police station where you'll be tortured at the stake. Do you know what the stake is? Yes, Monsieur. Well, I... I've seen engravings of it in a work about exotic... customs. Very well. Then choose. The flute or the stake. You killed her! Why? How could you, Agnès? Indeed, how could I have? I loved her. Do you hear? I loved her. Me, too. The beauty told me all about you. You're lying. We loved with a love that blossomed in the flesh. We were to marry. You, marry, Monsieur le Myosotis? That's too much! Is that all that she promised you? It's only me. The life of this woman is in your hands. Pull the trigger, please. Go ahead! - In the name of the law! - What law? The law of God is above the law of man. Doesn't the Bible say "eye for eye, tooth for tooth"? I loved her. I loved her! The commissioner, too, spent the night with the young lady. Better inspector than musician. - Bravo for your success. - Thank you. Now I'm waiting for justice to be done. Nothing will be done. How so? There's lèse-majesté. The Countess d'Arranet will testify. The flute never left the king's apartments. The rumor circulating was false. The Austrian ambassador cannot use this pretext to turn down the alliance. Thanks to you, Bourdeau. No, I'm not a monster. Some were saved by their art with the sword. Others by art with the brush. Master Lavalée hardly suffered from his stay in London. Did you, Lavalée? Indeed. But all my canvases, my life's work, my posterity has been reduced to ashes. That's enough. I couldn't resist the urge to have my portrait done. Come here, Nicolas. That's nice. On my desk. You'll find a letter. A brief sent to me from Mr. James Harris. Several of our agents are held in terrible conditions in a London prison. He will oversee with goodwill the release of one of our spies against the release of your lady spy. I know. Justice will take care of the rest. And I wouldn't dream of interfering in your police inquiry. Nevertheless... Delivering her to the English would avoid a public trial which could reveal some very nasty stuff. You wanted her dead, no? And the agreement with Austria? It will happen or not. Austria has problems with the Prussians. But our war with the English is unavoidable. It's for this day, at midnight. There. I'm finished. James Harris was informed of your capture. You will be released. Do you know what he does to agents who have failed? You practice a very cruel and dangerous game, of which you know the rules. If I stay here, I could inform on the English... Do you know where we are? This is the last residence of poor unfortunate Saül François Peilly. From here, he took his last flight. I have no trust in you, Madame. I don't know what lies the next pack of lies will bring. Undoubtedly, you were trained abroad. Whatever. You owe me something. Something very dear. I owe you nothing. You owe me the life of the poor Freluche. So, you too were smitten by her. You disappoint me greatly, Marquis. I have the task of organizing the conditions of your escape. You're going to escape. The bars are still sawed off. You only have to take the same route. I've refused better, Madame. I won't escape. I want a fair trial, here, in my country. If you're still here at dawn, tomorrow, before noon, you'll be before the firing squad. You don't have the right. In times of war, an armed spy who is captured is shot forthwith. That's a fact, but we're not at war. It's midnight, Madame. War with England was just declared. We are reconciled in front of everybody. Are we? We talked about your behavior. Everything always ends by working itself out. The proof. Come see. Excuse me. You seem a little sad, Nicolas. Is it the effect of this damn war? No. It's just that the champagne is warm. Subtitles: Eclair Media 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 