Nicolas Le Floch: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nicolas Le Floch 
 s3e1 - La larme de Varsovie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nicolas Le Floch (2008–2018): Season 3, Episode 1 - La larme de Varsovie - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Madam was no longer expecting you, sir. THE TEAR OF WARSAW Let me surprise her. -Over there? -Yes. Part Two To what do I owe this honor? To my upfront ambition of combining business with pleasure. You speak the truth when you say you are upfront... I am honored by your ambition, commissioner. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Perhaps we should discuss business first. Later, madam, later... Later... Have you noticed, Nicolas, that you treat me like a hussy. And would you be complaining about it, madam? It is strange... This sudden mark of affection from your part. Usually, following the victory, and yet another victory, you do not linger on the battlefield. I actually have a favor to ask, madam. And what could that be that you have yet obtained? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 For you to pretend to come back to your old ways. I need you, madam... in a mission that requires as much daring and know-how, as veracity. And where is this set to happen? In the gardens of Versailles. You've given the broad outline. I'm all ears for the details. The details imply that, if it's feasible, you start stinking out, and making yourself look considerably ugglier. But that shouldn't be too difficult. Gee up! Gee up! My master asks for you to return the object. Did your master provide you with the sum we agreed on? Good. Your master is an idiot. And you, a fool. Sir, your emissary wishes to speak to you right this moment. -Slept well, Bourdeau? -Very well, thank you. Though comparing isn't knowing, observe the wounds on the guard killed in Versailles: three dagger-inflicted wounds close to one another. And now look. Follow me. Three wounds. They're identical. And one more... the lethal one. The assassin aimed for the heart and succeeded quite easily. Notice the angle. In both cases, the stabs came from below. Both victims aren't exactly giants, so we deduct their common assassin is rather short. Could they have other points in common aside from their assassin? -Where did they find him? -In Place de l'Arsenal. The guards took him from the hands of looters. He wasn't wearing any distinctive clothing. All I can say is that he was a neat and well-fed man, whose hands indicate he wasn't a man of fastidious chores. Would you be new? Would you be unaware that you just don't do as you wish here? I'm not. Just trying to make a living. "Make a living"? That's going a bit far! You need our approval first. -And then you pay your share. -I'm not paying anyone! Take her. Would you be waiting for these obscure objects to lead the way? That's not it. It is strange that we didn't find anything else... when we carried out the search at Miss de Clairvois' place. I actually didn't carry out that search. You were in a rush to transport the body... Pardon me? I roughly skimmed through that step. "Skimmed through"? Here she is! So, pretty girl? You didn't think our Police measured up to the Royal Police? I'm told you're new. You didn't know you had to deal with me first? And that in order to practice you first need to prove your talent? These men will try you out, and decide whether you can stay. Hi, lovely... You can't go very far. Stay where you are! Do not make me, Lady Chouette! Nicolas! Nicolas! Sir... You weren't back yet, so I came for you. What happened? Someone wanted to prevent me from finding this... -Handkerchief? -Thank you, sir. Read. The Rosy Cross! And a Templar's ring... She was a very cruel mistress. She ordered to beat me because I couldn't work anymore. This sort of ornament tends to repulse people. -How did it happen? -With a dagger. A creature I thought humane, and whose dandy I accosted. Did you see where they went next? Towards the canal... where I saw them talking with a guard. Then they disappeared, all 3 of them, in the undergrounds. Are you certain about that? Positive. There weren't many people in the alleys, and they weren't left unnoticed. This blow is the only thing I got that night, with this handful of phony money. I need to get to Paris. Put on your best attires, because you're coming with me. -Where can I get a mount? -In the King's stables. I know how to get there. Not so much for the horses than for the knights. Miss Clothilde de Clairvois was Counselor Dumas' granddaughter. It's quite instructive. And this... is the plan of Counselor Dumas' residence... The crypt... Count de Saint-Germain knew Miss de Clairvois... who must have known the Dumas residence. She must have informed him, and the trickery is solved. The trickery is one thing. What about the crime? Why would Saint-Germain want to kill the one who helped him? I do not know. But I will soon find out. Now, sir? You look like the living dead. Precisely! Even more so. Follow me! How decadent! You fill my eyes with shame and disgrace. We knew you as prosperous, and now find you bathed in corruption. Destiny seems to have given up on you. And you seem very knowledgeable. I know everything my mistress knows. It's only normal if you want to be fit to fill in. Was it destiny being cruel or rather a man? Would our beloved Nicolas have ceased to provide for you? -He never did. -Whatever. You could have at least, once your disgrace consummated, turned to this house. Madam wouldn't have failed to find you some work here. Work of the same caliber... as you. But now, it'll be hard. I don't need work. Mine suffices. Lady Chouette is dead? What do you want from me? What do you want from me? For you to facilitate my introduction at Mrs. d'Urf? by keeping the majordomo busy, and by... and for you to previously announce my death. You are a very resourceful man. Nothing seems to stop you. The stratagem is quite amusing. And your current state makes it even more real. Don't move. The suffering will only get worse. It's a herb decoction from my housekeepers' province. Leave your collar undone, so we can cover yourself up in verisimilitude. -Is it them? -Without a doubt. We need to find out where they're staying. Ask and you shall receive. That's always been my motto. They call themselves Baron and Baroness of H?ricourt. My friend was right! You don't seem the least bit surprised... madam. It's because I am familiar with this sort of business, and because there's less to worry about with ghosts than with those alive. Why didn't you tell me about Miss de Clairvois' death? She saw everything, Mr. Spirit. -Is that what caused her death? -Why not ask her? She doesn't know, madam. What I do know, is that shortly after she left with Mrs. de Crequy, we played music, and at the time of leaving... an exceptionally violent quarrel erupted between Count de Saint-Germain and Knight d'Aumont. "Knight d'Aumont"? Knight d'Aumont is one of the most imminent dignitaries of the Order of the Temple. So he's an acquaintance of Mr. de Saint-Germain? They complete each other. The count... is the amiable face of the Order, whereas the knight is the dark face. One pleases himself appearing, while the other pleases in punishment. And the motive of their quarrel? Miss de Clairvois... and... a secret that she let out. And where can we find Knight d'Aumont, madam? He attends mass three times a week, at Saint-Eustache church. I urge you not to follow me, madam. Do not worry, Mr. Spirit. There had to be literature on divination! And we should elucidate its mystery. Though you must begin with a most delicate search... to know who is Knight d'Aumont. It's a shame, you were a convincing dead. I'm just glad I convinced her. -How did you...? -I was given the key. Along with a very accurate description of this place. You don't seem troubled at all. Nor preoccupied. So you were sent here? It was highly risky, I admit it. And there was nothing in it for you? Not as much as there will be with you. You are said to have a fortune of phenomenal jewels, which makes the envy of the King. And I know they're not here. Your most beautiful diamonds, sir, for the Tear. Or else... Some well sharpened blade may just prematurely interrupt the course of your immortality. I am not a monster, sir. So I give you till tomorrow to make up your mind. Commissioner? Two creatures have come for you. Allow them in. It's just that their only smell disturbs our men. They're in the dungeon, where the most enraged of them is creating quite some turmoil. Nicolas! Nicolas! Nicolas! Nicolas! Le Floch! Le Floch! Le Floch! Quiet! Open up. -He's a spy? -Yes. Indeed. And the worst there is. To come to your assistance I committed homicide, sir. Do you know what it means... to hold a life in your hands that you must end? Spare me your pity. Madam... Aren't you dying to know what you were after? Madam! Please, I'm with them. Let go, you're hurting me! How dare you? Let me go! Let me go! Could you have been sulking these past few days? You would have been wrong to. See for yourself! See that I have nothing to hide. Mr. de Choiseul! Indeed. Mr. de Choiseul... -has come to confess... -A blunder. A big blunder. But isn't it human nature to commit big blunders? With the intent of ruining Count de Saint-Germain's reputation, whose mission he knew of, Mr. de Choiseul thought it clever to have the Tear of Warsaw stolen... by 2 characters... in which he had utmost trust. I did, but I learnt my lesson. Because at the time of exchanging the pearl for a lump sum of money, the thefts failed to return it. And the emissary disappeared. Was the meeting set... by Place de l'Arsenal? Would you also be a soothsayer or are you simply well informed? Indeed. It took place near Marie Bridge, as it had been agreed. As for the emissary, I am afraid he finds himself at the morgue, reduced to the state of corpse. Mr. de Choiseul lost 10,000 louis. Money doesn't matter when it's not a necessity. Money doesn't matter in the eyes of disrepute if this issue is publicized, if His Majesty is told about and if Madame de Pompadour is notified. I would find myself in a very ugly mess. Duke Choiseul therefore wishes for this unfortunate situation to end soon. To do so, he did not hesitate to disclose the identity... of his 2... associates. The Baron and Baroness of H?ricourt. By Jove! It's already out. I know their names, and where they can be found. But then... what are you waiting for? Without overstepping Mr. de Sartine's instructions, once the object recovered, I'd ask, commissioner, that you ensure that the looters remain silent. I can count on you, I'm assuming. A coin, please. A coin, for a poor man. A coin! A prompt comparison will show... that this blade took the life of the Royal guard... as well as Mr. de Choiseul's emissary. From this end, things are becoming clear. Those crimes were purely perpetrated by thirsty thieves. However, from this end... the mystery prevails. Dead? With the same instrument that almost took my life. At least, this news dissipates Mr. de Choiseul's fears. So the thieves would have been robbed. So it seems. To solve a difficult case does going back to its origin help? Hasn't it been solved already? And there was not the least bit of mystery -or hermetism! -You're wrong, sir! This case is rooted in hermetism. Police lieutenant general! What do you know about... Knight d'Aumont? About Knight d'Aumont, only Count de Saint-Germain can help you. Were you expecting someone? Indeed. But not you. They won't be coming anymore. What business were you going to do... with such a treasure? Buy back the pearl. Why buy it back? And why at such a high price? The price doesn't matter. My reputation is at stake, and so is Royalty's fate. Neither one of these reasons satisfies me, sir. You will have to talk... count. And without any excuses, including the Rosy Cross. A sealed letter? You visited Miss de Clairvois shortly before she was killed. Why? I needed a blood sample to prepare the decoction meant to revive the Tear. I wouldn't recommend you claiming false motives, sir. I am speaking the truth. It had to be the blood of a virgin, a common alchemical procedure. But I do have a question, sir... What happened to the thieves? They're dead, sir. The same way Miss de Clairvois was killed. The same way that I was almost killed. Hurry, sir! We need to go to Paris. Stay close while I report back. The pearl is in the hands of Knight d'Aumont, and I know what he intends to do with it. Which is? Destroying it with fire, as the ritual wants it, to set the malediction in motion. And why is that? How much am I entailed to tell, sir? As much as I say so. Knight d'Aumont is a follower of the Order of the Temple. He claims to be the descendant of Knight d'Aumont, put in charge by the last master of the Templars shortly before dying. His mission? To avenge the fall of his Empire, destroyed under Philippe Lebel. What about the Rosy Cross? Sir, I ask for the utmost discretion. You can take our word for it. It's a secret order born in the 17th century, with alchemy as center of interest. Its adepts promote humanity via the intellectual and moral development of its members, amongst which I am part of. There exists a certain amount of rival chapels... sometimes antagonistic. This is how some claim to be members of the Rosicrucian Order and try to seek vengeance and reply with the same violence we used against their order. Yes? Message for Commissioner Le Floch. Being master freemason yourself, this is common knowledge, isn't it? Some of it is. Knight d'Aumont was seen near Rue Hirondelle, going into an underground door adorned with a strange figure. Vengeance! Vengeance! Vengeance! Vengeance! Brothers, we can go back in time... Vengeance! You! Miserable traitor. Hand it back! In the name of the Holy Cross, hand it back! The Temple was disbanded, and you know it! Then... May Royalty also perish. Relinquish, knight. Relinquish! The end has come, d'Aumont. Not quite yet. The Tear of Warsaw is saved, commissioner. There's only left to revive its brilliance. Indeed. After removing the bodies, I participated in meticulous findings. On the floor, amongst the cold embers, and the crucible's ashes, I found this, which resembles the remains of a half-consumed pearl. -What do you say, sir? -It was substituted. By Saint-Germain. "Death to the pearl, and vengeance will be triggered. "The collapse of the monarchy will be inevitable." I don't believe in maledictions. However, we cannot let anyone know. It's the same... with these, which detail the grievous visions of Miss de Clairvois. Madam d'Urf? confusedly complains that a specter... pillaged her. Obviously, your positive spirit would know nothing of specters. It wouldn't be of any service to publicize its content. I feel it hovering... throughout the kingdom... a bad omen. Some, among which Mr. Voltaire, speak more and more openly... of a revolution... that others... wish would occur. For the time being, there's no need to alarm the King, before which we must now appear. Dear friend, you have succeeded! The pearl has found its brilliance again. You were doubtful, Majesty? Never, my friend. Never. Madam Queen would have liked to be here, to manifest her gratitude. But she's at the Dauphin's bedside, struck by fever, which has got doctors alarmed. Please return the case to the Queen. In these instances, the Tear will be of utmost consolation to her. Marquis, I am grateful for your assistance to Count de Saint-Germain. I also wish to have you amongst us at a dinner hosted by Pompadour. Your exploits are always of utmost pleasure, mostly because they're not dimmed by the shadow of secrecy, which Mr. de Sartine, in the intent of sparing his King, has often done with a severe lack of judgment, whenever he can't speak the truth. Bye for now, Mr. de Ranreuil. Bye for now. Dear friend, I intend to entrust you, behind Choiseul's back, with a diplomatic mission with the Queen of Austria. "A diplomatic mission behind Choiseul's back." His Majesty is truly incorrigible! Translation: Maria Angelica Noel TV5 Qu?bec Canada 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 