Nicolas Le Floch: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nicolas Le Floch 
 s1e2 - L'énigme des Blancs-Manteaux - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nicolas Le Floch (2008–2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - L'énigme des Blancs-Manteaux - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn THE BLANCS-MANTEAUX ENIGMA Part One - You jostled me! - Not at all, it was you. Anywhere else, I'd demand satisfaction! We didn't come here to quarrel. Descare! Vile rascal! So it was you. Having a guilty affair with my wife. Your wife? Everyone's having an affair with your wife, Lardin! My wife, who is also your cousin, Descare! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your own cousin! Miserable wretch! Enough, gentlemen! Commissaire, being a policeman doesn't mean you can abuse your power here. And doctor, save that instrument for your unfortunate patients. Unfortunate is the word. Mr Naval Surgeon! what do you know of fortune or ill-fortune? - Much more than you. - Stop! Misfortune! Our hapless commissaire isn't the only unfortunate. For I know, Scemacgus, you too have sampled the Lardin woman. She's a fine piece. Gentlemen! I bid you leave this instant, all 3 of you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I run a good house where moderation is the rule. We have business to settle. I do not fear you, sir. Go! You too, Dr Descare, you may leave. Make merry! Return to the party! Saint-Louis! Saint-Louis! Midnight. Has the fellow disregarded orders? A cabriolet driven by a dark man. In this darkness? He's usually punctual. He'll find his way. Get in, sir. You're as miserable as sin, sir. To what do I owe the pleasure? Some enjoy themselves tonight, not others. Police reasons, madame. You're open about it. Gone midnight, party's over. It's no time for masks. I know you have a faro table downstairs. Whether the dice are loaded or the games fair... We also know of your girls and their trade. As long as it doesn't get too spicy. You know that you hold me in the palm of your hand. It could weigh greater, if so you choose. The game is fair and my girls are clean. What do you want from me? You to tell me what I'll find out later to your detriment. You want me to be a snitch. An altercation that was easily sorted out. Three fellows the worse for drink. Motive of altercation? The old story: three lads sniffing after the same fish. Three masks arguing over a woman. It came to blows. I had to ask them to leave. Who were they? How do I know? It wasn't midnight. - New lodgers? - A new one who's staying but refuses to consume. She's a choice morsel, and it suits us both. She calls herself La Satin and already has a good clientele. She lives God knows where. You go to the Com?die Italienne? Come on! The axe. Don't you recognise me, sir? - With difficulty, madame. - Mademoiselle, please. I suppose this is your work, mademoiselle. Indeed it is. Come. Come now! Though you don't recognise me, it doesn't mean you don't know me. Come. Come along, sir! From experience, I doubt that you are repulsed. Come on! Come along, sir. I know far worse surrenders. Not now. We'll have time enough later. Is it really you? Yes, it's me. Marie de Langremont, formerly La Bicheliere, presently officiating with the moniker La Satin. How come you're here? How? Thanks to the strength of the Almighty, the credulity of women and the benevolence of certain men. I spotted you in the street. I couldn't resist. Regrets, Nicolas? Mr Le Floch is summoned to Mr de Sartine urgently. 'Twas not lightly that I plucked one of my creatures from the throes of desire. Don't forget, young Adonis... You have your ears, and I have mine. And the king has a police force the envy of the civilised world. You summoned me to boast about our police force? What do you know of Commissaire Lardin? What can I say? At your instigation, he was my mentor, when I arrived. I remember an excellent policeman, particularly expert at policing gambling. A good father, comfortably off. How so? From what I learned staying at the Lardin home, the fortune comes from his wife. Louise Lardin, n?e Descare. A beautiful woman, I've heard. - What do you know of Louise Lardin? - Nothing improper. Slow down. No need to get on your high horse. You are a gentleman and insensitive to matters of sex and money. One final question. On your word, do you consider Lardin an honest man? Yes. As honest as one can be in gambling terms. Would you answer for him as yourself? Commissaire Lardin was killed last night. It is not my place to evoke an affair which directly interests the king. It's pointless. I cannot and must not say more. Only that we were to meet at dawn on a vital matter and he did not come. Your mission is simple: establish beyond all doubt why and how your colleague died. You may go, Commissaire. I'm not stopping you. My God! Nicolas. You, here. Sorry I haven't a chair to offer you. No matter, madame. You've changed, Nicolas. You're more mature, more of a man. stronger, more bitter. Tenderness has little room in a policeman's lot. Remember the feasts and the suppers we held here? The music... There was a harpsichord there. We'd play pieces by Rameau, by Lully. Candles, music, laughter, wine a-plenty. We gradually sold it all. We laid off the cook, reduced the servants to that beanpole who let you in. How can this be? Commissaire Lardin started gambling. The corrupting effect of the perversity he was meant to suppress? Anyway, it was the ruin of the house of Lardin. You, at least, Nicolas... I remember when you arrived in this house. I remember how many hopes I placed in you. Not all were disappointed. You were young, full of ardour that just wanted to pour out. I am here on duty, madame. My God, you haven't changed! The same spirited yet stubborn stallion. What do you want to know? Where Commissaire Lardin is? Yes. I haven't the slightest idea. My husband no longer informs me of what he does. Bitterness doesn't suit you. Bitterness? Let's stop the barbs, Nicolas. We're old enough for the truth not to scare us. Last night, Lardin had a rendezvous at Paulet's, at the Dauphin Couronn?, where he's a regular visitor. I don't know why. He must have feared something because he took his bludgeon. To tell the truth, the commissaire had got it into his head that I had been gravely unfaithful. I don't deny that a neglected wife may seek other arms than those of her husband. I won't see you out. Marie? My God, you're a big girl now. She mustn't hear us. Do you hate her? As one can only hate a stepmother. My father came to see me every morning. Not today. I think it's a bad omen. You believe in omens? I don't. Don't fear, I am here. He gave me this for you should he ever disappear. - Why me? He knew you loved me. "Like a little sister," he'd say. So Lardin has disappeared. "Do not from three come a pair? "Even their covers can be Seen by all." It means nothing. I don't see her as the neglected wife. The sudden fall of the Lardins intrigues me. He's brutal and unscrupulous, but he's cunning and clever, and keeps a cool head. Gambling: one of the seven scourges. And Mr de Sartine, sly and terse. I like neither skewed truth nor missions on tiptoes. Monarchy has reasons that reason cannot know. A report from Temple police station: "Arrested at dawn this morning, the lady Emilie, "soup seller and darner, "ex-loose woman fallen on hard times, was surprised "when bringing back from the Montfaucon abattoir "rotten meat taken from some carcass. "She states that on the way she came across "human remains in a sorry state." What did you see? I saw two men, with a lantern, emptying something bloody from a barrel, along with clothes. I saw them strike a light and something burning. - Would you recognise them? - No. The mist was too thick. This way. Was that it? This ravaged corpse is that of a stocky man. The jaw has been broken. Fragments of flesh. This gnarled stick with a brass knob... This is Commissaire Lardin's bludgeon, his favourite weapon. The doublet too. I've seen him put on this thick leather. He said he wore it to guard against knives and daggers. Have the remains taken away. You want to keep old Emilie? No. Release her. I thought you held Lardin in esteem. Scemacgus? What are you doing here? Like Diogenes, looking for a man. My coachman, Saint-Louis, should have met me at midnight after the party in town. He didn't appear. This morning neither. You fear the worst? Indeed, I have every reason to. You can see that the head was eaten by animals. The jaw has been ground by powerful teeth: dog or wolf. These strips were gnawed by sharp little teeth: rats. In the sockets you can see traces of a crow's beak. We can assume death was only hours ago. Isn't it strange, in so little time... Animals have done so much? No. What's strange is, their rapaciousness was not more pronounced. However, as vermin do not eat hair, I can say the victim was either bald or scalped like an Iroquois. But I can't explain this black mark atop the skull. Perhaps we could ask Scemacgus. I saw him an instant ago. Yes. Looking for his coachman. We're in the presence of a bald man, in the prime of life, a stocky, well-built individual. Lardin. The body had been cut up before being left or you'd have blood on the ground. The victim was killed elsewhere with a sharp, cutting instrument then abandoned as the first carnival mists were falling. First carnival mists? So it was around midnight. I don't know how to thank you. You did it by listening and shaking my hand. Goodbye, gentlemen. I won't forget that in a hurry. Sanson amazed me. He sorted it out in the blink of an eye. Bald man, prime of life, the bludgeon, the doublet. It all fits, doesn't it? It must be Lardin. It all fits a body of presumption leading us to that theory. You're becoming cautious. Where did you get that? From showing more interest than you in the doublet. A trick token you buy from the madam and give the girls when the bottle's drunk. A token bearing a Dauphin Couronn?. As for the note, it's written in Paulet's hand. I've a call to make to enlighten myself on a gift of fate. You deceived me! The opposite would have hurt less. I can close your house in an instant. You are right to be scared. What are you so scared of? Commissaire Lardin. Commissaire Lardin? He said he was in charge of the gambling police. In charge? He said he'd been appointed by your chief, Mr de Sartine. You have no more reason to fear him. Commissaire Lardin is dead. We have found his remains. Was Lardin one of the three masks in the argument? Against whom? - Dr Descare, mainly. - For what reason? His wife's loose living. Right. And? The third mask? Your great friend, Scemacgus. He was never without that bludgeon. Or that doublet. So he's dead. Everything points to that. Your despair would seem to be limitless, madame. I can control my emotions, sir. Apart from moaning, what do you want from me? I'd like your opinion. Who do you think might have intended or wanted or needed to kill your husband? I've no idea. Your cousin, Dr Descare, perhaps? Descare? God, no. The poor thing yelps more than he bites. An arrogant hornet with deep-rooted venom, but only his lancet, which he's handier with, could be a sting. Last night he had a huge row with your husband. Could you think of another likely suitor? You've gone too far. I am not an easy woman. I am a widow, and as such, you should respect... I'd like to see your stepdaughter Marie. She's at vespers. I want my husband to have a Christian burial. I'd like his remains released as soon as possible. You'll have to wait until the case is finally closed. Madame. The pike has taken the bait. Now it's time to strike. And he's too interested in our young girl. We should see to her promptly. No! Come on! It's a shame you can't enjoy the cruel beauty of dissolution. But I imagine the stench is enough. You've got a nerve, showing up here like this! Strutting around like a boy surgeon. I'll have you banned! A man who rejects bloodletting with no qualifications! - My qualifications are worth yours. As for bloodletting, you are the dry fruit of old doctrines. You insult Hippocrates and Galen! The sage's teachings bring life. But yours brings death. You blaspheme the Holy Scriptures! That's enough! You can debate another time. Doctor Descare, Mr de Sartine, chief of police, has bid me investigate Mr Lardin's disappearance. Well, sir? You were among the last to see him. I did dine with the Lardins ten days ago. Have you seen him since? Have you seen him since? Not in the least. What is this inquisition? Doctor, I have heard you. Your claims will be checked and a magistrate will question you on Lardin's disappearance. Sir, I am your servant. "I was disgraced by my neighbours "and hated by my acquaintances." Christ with his credenza. Did you know Descare was a Jansenist? No. It'd have to be recent and all-encompassing. Interest, lies and slander often go with devoutness. I know that, my friend. What were you doing there? You suddenly sound very official. - Looking for my coachman. - At Descare's? Yes. Recently, claiming Saint-Louis had stolen cherries, Descare shot at him and broke his leg. But for my surgeon's skill, the wretch would have been crippled. But Saint-Louis didn't steal cherries. He just happened to be black and be there. Descare hates Negroes. He thinks they're beings that dirty our Lord's earth. You were at Paulet's. - Yes. - Descare had a row with Lardin. As did you, Scemacgus. Did you know Lardin was dead? - Not until earlier. - It scarcely moved you. You talked of disappearance not death. So Lardin is dead? Do I infer that I am a suspect too? Unless you can provide an alibi for the time between leaving the Dauphin and the body being found. I have nothing to justify. My affection for you is like that for a younger brother, but I fear you'll have to make do with my word. Which, to a policeman, counts as much as a nun's fart. Commissaire. Good evening, Nicolas. The throes of a terrible attack of gout. But you, my friend, seem broody. Perhaps the sudden presence of some lady? Did you know about Lardin's disappearance? By Jove! You don't bother with preliminaries. News of his death is all over Paris. I'm not sure the man is particularly missed. But I hear your sorrow. It is never pleasant to lose a companion from one's beginnings. And did you know Mr de Sartine had charged him with overseeing gambling? I was aware. And I sense your astonishment. Sir, answer without pretence and with brutal sincerity. Can you answer for Scemacgus as for yourself? Scemacgus... He's a strong character. His vigour leaves him exposed to women. He can scarcely resist and puts all his light into it, sometimes without judgment. It is said he had an affair with Lardin's wife. By Jove! No need to ask where you got that. You could suggest standing down from this case. It is not in me to stumble before a hurdle. Another strong character. You should get some rest. Heard the expression 'sleep on it'? Commissaire. Talking of starting out, did you know that, before getting her clutches into Lardin and acquiring an almost spotless virtue, Mme Lardin had taken her first steps in courtesanship at Madame Paulet's, in the Dauphin Couronn? pub? An odd conversation was overheard in a tavern between 2 rascals with gold to spend. Were they known faces? No. The worst kind of scum. Former ruffians or outlaws. Their master paid them well to cut up a good piece of meat and take it to Montfaucon. Montfaucon? One claimed to be a former navy gunner. He wears a wooden leg of which he is very proud. I must find them, Tirepot. Lardin's death doesn't concern you. Let him rest. No one has anything to gain in stirring up his death. My God! Commissaire... Is Mr de Sartine visible? He's in a hearing. You know the situation: Pondicherry is in enemy hands. So I am aware. If they obtain these letters, it's a disaster. - How is it going? - I put someone on the case. He's acting at once as both dog and hare. He knows nothing of the affair. How dare you show up unannounced! Are you drunk? Have you gone mad? No. Just doing my duty. What happened to you? I was attacked in here. Bloodhound turned game. Their impudence is limitless, in proportion with the case. What did you overhear? Nothing worth reporting. I didn't know the Lardin case had several sides. It is ever thus when reasons of state mix with men's things. I can add nothing. So Lardin is dead? Everything points that way. Murdered for motives that seemed straightforward. Mme Lardin was at the centre of a dangerous triangle. Many triangles are. A simple woman's affair that just happened at the wrong time. And the other two points of the triangle? Mme Lardin's own cousin: Doctor Descare. Doctor Descare and Scemacgus, naval surgeon and adept at dismembering bodies. Inspector Bourdeau has an urgent message for Commissaire Le Floch. Show him in. Excuse me, sir. I interrupt for a serious development. I wanted to report that Dr Descare has been murdered. Everything points to Scemacgus as the murderer. Commissaire? There's only one point left on your triangle. I'd like to know the precise reason for your being here. A note sent to me by the victim, inviting me to visit forthwith. I thought you were on bad terms. And so did I. Sir, I would be glad if you'd produce this note. Would you believe me if I said I lost it on the way here? Take away the body that it be duly opened. A routine search and then seal the place. Mr Scemacgus... come with me to Ch?telet, where you'll be kept in secret until this case is concluded. Your instructions were carried out. "Do not from three come a pair? Even the covers can be Seen by all." Lardin was secretive and loved ciphers. How's your friend Scemacgus? Like a man resigned to imprisonment who keeps his silence. I went digging around last night. I know your feelings for Scemacgus. However, among the Lardin woman's suitors, the least ardent was not our fiery naval surgeon. Their discreet affair made a great din. A husband. Two lovers. Descare eliminates Lardin. Scemacgus eliminates Descare. Or Scemacgus eliminates both on the pretext of the scene in the Dauphin Couronn?. Were it not for your friendship with Mr Scemacgus, could you see any objection to this configuration? Alas, no. I have a new mission for you, Bourdeau. An important mission, as it concerns my life. You're obviously intending setting up shop here. Does Lardin's still-warm place hold some attraction for you? Unless this is about me. No, I already know everything about you. As for the rest, I wouldn't swap places with you. Your cousin Descare is dead. Your lover, they say. If he was, I am scarcely aroused by the memory. What else do they say, sir? That you had adulterous relations with a certain Scemacgus. Relations your cousin was aware of, since he revealed this to your husband at Paulet's. As a former employee, you'll remember the place. You exceed your rights and I know mine. Get out! You are hiding part of the truth or the whole truth, I know it. I also know you are involved in your husband's disappearance. I could make you confess. The question loosens tongues. You are a fool. I know your methods. My husband's methods. You could, but you'd need a warrant from your superior, the chief of police. I doubt Mr de Sartine would consent. Get out! Gently, sir. I followed the ruffian. He took a long route to get here. Did he spot me? I lost him by the Lardin house. I'd only just arrived when you emerged. Your man might have entered by a hidden access. To be sure, we'd have to enter too, and I fear that's impossible for the moment. De Sartine is not playing fair and I fear I'd make things even more muddled. The animal leaves here. - It has flair and instinct. - No doubt. The beating to convince him of Lardin's death wasn't enough. We're alone, madame. What do you fear? The shadow of your husband, returned from hell? We must eliminate the commissaire before he compromises everything. Have you found the letters? No. Shame Lardin was so tough. He could have told us. Descare can't have known. For a coward, he said nothing. They gave Lardin his power, but he wouldn't use them except for blackmail. Maybe he retained a vestige of loyalty. Go back there. We need those letters, Mauval. We don't have Lardin's scruples. Plotting against France doesn't repulse us. Clients for those letters jostle at our borders. I want the house and its surroundings watching. It'll be done. And more if needed. No need. My troops are like me. They live on fresh air. Tell me where you're from one day. I doubt that the matter is of any importance. The lancet near the heart can't have been the cause of death. The wretch was already dead, neck broken by extremely powerful hands. These traces only appear well after death. Not one bone, not one member was spared. Doctor Descare was cleverly ill-treated before his torturers cut short his suffering. To make him talk? It could be that. Or to inflict great suffering on the patient to give him a foretaste of hell. You think Scemacgus capable of that? He has the strength and the knowledge of how to cause violent pain. He may have used the lancet to allay suspicion. An informer claims Dr Descare's house was searched. The seals were broken. Everything is in disorder. It looks like someone was looking for something. But who, what, and why? You see, Bourdeau, one of the fellows left his signature. There couldn't be a more cautious nor finer chaperone. Your servant, sir. Sir! Sir, wake up. Sir! To be continued... Subtitles - Henry Moon for TELETOTA 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 