Nicolas Le Floch: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Nicolas Le Floch 
 s3e2 - Le grand veneur - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Nicolas Le Floch (2008–2018): Season 3, Episode 2 - Le grand veneur - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THE GREAT HUNTSMAN Your father had quite a peaceful night. This morning he asked for broth, which I allowed him. If there are no complications, he'll shake it off. The broth? Part Two Isabeau. Isabeau. Isabeau, it's me. It's Thomas. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is everything all right? Vincent. If you don't mind leaving us alone... It's not exactly a confession, commissioner. Do you remember, Isabeau, that I was the priest at your wedding? Do you remember I often heard your confessions, along with your mother's and sisters'? If you're here, it must mean I'm dying. You have no need to fear death, child. It doesn't matter. Time is running out, Isabeau. What can you tell us about the beast? I saw it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I saw it on a horse at the top of the cliff and seemed to be giving orders, while they threw down a body. A mutilated body. The tautness and elasticity are like the beast's. Each of one of you struck it, yet look. Not one bullet went through. We did hit the animal. Its survival wasn't a miracle or supernatural invincibility. It was just heavily armored. With thick leather. What if the species remains unknown? That's a fine weapon you have there, sir. It belonged to royal troops, before it came to me. Very fine. -The kind you hardly ever see. -Move back, you lout. Peas, bacon and wine. For a large group. Nothing's better than hunger for driving beasts out of the woods. It seems they found the corpse of Vincent Mairet and captured the madwoman. Young Mairet's body has been found. His wife is now at Ch?teau d'Allas. I told you we should have eliminated her. No, my lady. We've nothing to fear from her. Another thing, my lord. A group of deserters is camping in the forest. One whose leader appears to be paid in gold. Gold, you say? Find out where they're camped. Make sure they're under our surveillance. It seems the young marquis has had an effect on you. Perhaps it's time we pay our respects. You seem frustrated and distant. My lady, I'd rather you weren't involved in this. You're wrong. Nothing gets the blood up like a good ride. This isn't a ride, my lady. You and the Duchess of Langremont at the house of the Count and Countess of Rhodes. Isn't it unseemly for your surgeon to come, too? Seemliness has nothing to do with this, unless you're referring to the equipment you're carrying. It's a seaman's weapon I've had a long time. It's quite useful when fighting at close quarters. Stay here, Bourdeau. If by chance we're not back in 48 hours, give your report to the lieutenant general of police. Wait! Here. Take this gun. It's got 3 barrels that can fire separately or all at once. And you can hide it in your boot. Be alert. See you soon, my friend. What's going on, Nicolas? Notice the sudden silence? Our presence, probably. To the right, Semacgus! Some men were waiting to ambush you. My men surprised them. This one seems to be the leader. Take him, and all who were lucky enough to work for him. What do you plan to do with them? Hang them at once, as is my right, according to both high and low justice, on my lands. Rather summary justice, my lord. Could be. However, it's mine, and I don't see why I should do otherwise. Roussart, hang them all. May I speak for a minute? Please do. Who's behind this? A powerful enemy, whom I know only by sight, and who is seeking your ruin. I'm about to die. I'd rather die a soldier instead of being hung. One bullet, sir. One bullet from you and I'll tell you what I know. I'm about to die. Ferrailles. The Marchioness of Aubrac. A humane gesture, my lord. Though it doesn't change anything in the end. Go on. My lord. My lady. Please follow me. I don't remember inviting you, sir. Your rudeness is only equaled by your cruelty, my lord. As for my accompanying the marquis, you have no right to stop me. Let's go, Henri. My lord. We had to untie Isabeau for a while. She's escaped. There's nothing to block the view, and the cliff is dizzyingly high. There may be 3 of us soon. Three? How so? I'm going to be a mother. -A massacre. -On the edge of the forest. There's no debating it: The land belongs to the Count of Rhodes. The law is on his side. -Hung, you say? -Yes. When I left, they were already being hung, dead or alive, from a strong branch hanging like a yard across a mast. The man's intractability is clear. It may well be that the marquis and his companion have escaped one mortal peril only to land in even worse. Is there a way to get them out? Without calling in troops? I don't see how. Well, my lady marchioness, are your chambers to your liking? Duchess, my lady. The marquis and I are not yet joined by the holy bonds of matrimony. "Not yet" sometimes means "never," my lady. What news can you tell us from Versailles? Not much, as I'm hardly at court. You've hardly drunk anything, my lord. You seem worried. I just received some highly unexpected news which has changed matters abruptly. It happens more often than you'd think. Tell me, my lord. How about a hunt on my land tomorrow? Good. "Highly unexpected news." I'm not asking you for anything. I can be a single mother and live discreetly. That's not it. I hardly knew my parents. I don't know what kind of father I'd be. My lord, you've been summoned. I'm afraid I don't understand, my lady. You understand quite well. You can't be serious. What about the count? Incapacitated as he is, the count knows there's nothing I dislike more than being denied. Come, my lord. Is the prey not to your liking? It's just... I don't like easy conquests, and I don't shoot on command. Let your passion ignite. -My lady. -Do it! That's enough, my lady. Get hold of yourself. Well, my lord. You must admit the circumstances are ambiguous. The situation is outrageous, at the very least. Agreed? This is where my ancestors used to dispense justice. You're quite familiar with courts yourself, aren't you? Isn't that so? What are you looking at that arouses such passionate interest? If you please? Excuse me, my lord? That head, my lord. Like you, the young Count d'Allas was highly impertinent. He had carnal relations with the countess? Indeed, my lord. You surprised them together and took your revenge. Your premise is good, but not your conclusion. Your rational approach ignores certain perversions of the spirit. I love the countess and I'm well aware she has appetites that, after a certain unfortunate incident, I can no longer satisfy. So I let her satisfy them with whomever she pleases, with one condition: that after she's tired of her prey, he then becomes mine. Your honesty fascinates me, my lord. The other victims, however... They don't enter into the equation, as they're without rank and title. So... What do you have to say in your defense? Hurry. -Quickly, get dressed. -What's going on? We must find a way out. Blow the candles out and pass them to me. Careful. This way. Come on, through here. No! Are you all right? Come. Come, my lord. Just a bit farther and you'll have made it. I didn't expect any less from you. To tell you the truth, despite its futility, this attempt is part of the game. Let the duchess go. I swear she'll say nothing. Don't make promises you won't be able to keep. I promised you a hunt. Of course I probably neglected to mention the prey. Roussart. Time's up. Release the hounds. After you, my lady. Go! Faster! That was close. Get back, my lady! Move! Come in, sir. Look at you! Such contentment. I gather your trip was restful, even contemplative. Gentlemen, I'm all ears. First, there's no beast of Sarlat. Just 2 hounds whose master, the Count of Rhodes, sometimes let loose for his own entertainment. They nearly sparked a terrifying superstition because of both the barbarity of their actions and their so-called invulnerability. Lower, Bourdeau. Not so big. Thus armored, the 2 animals were bulletproof. -Second... -Second. This dagger belonged to the Count of Rhodes. This is a wax cast, taken by the executioner Sanson. It's an exact copy of the heart of young Count d'Allas. Look at this wound. See how perfectly one fits into the other. Imagine the gesture's precision, as well as its cold determination. Enough, Nicolas. Imagine... ...the young count being tracked, then slain. The proof is his head, neatly sliced off, and found in the Count of Rhodes' armory. I hope you don't plan on showing it. Oh, no. These are just some dirty clothes I haven't yet found time to take care of. -The head... -Enough, I said. ...has been returned to his family, of course. What about the perpetrator of the crimes? The Count of Rhodes. Thank you. His manservant's statement implicates him beyond any doubt. He died by his own hand, using his own dagger, rendering any legal action futile. So much the better. His Majesty detests breaking the high born on the wheel. And the last item? An infantry musket, which was used in 3 attempts to murder me. I understand. I understand, commissioner. But don't they say that a policeman's trade is full of peril and his career full of courage? Ferrailles. Condemned to torture. I was puzzled that someone had intervened for him, so I investigated. I investigated. My secret police have an interest in sexual indiscretions. It wasn't hard to uncover Ferrailles' background. It's enough for you to know he was the product of a liaison between the Marchioness of Aubrac, a former mistress of the Prince of Conti, and her footman. Her position, and that of others, shortened the punishment. My promise to reveal even more embarrassing secrets ensured any further attempt at vengeance be abandoned. The danger has passed, Nicolas. You may amuse His Majesty with your exploits at a more convenient time. For now, you may withdraw. Speaking of withdrawing, -actually... -Yes? Haven't you forgotten to tell me something? About what? About withdrawing, or rather, failing to do so. Well, Nicolas? I don't know how you found out, but there's no doubt about it: Your police are rather good. Translation: Elise Pineda TV5 Qu?bec Canada 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 