Battlestar Galactica: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Battlestar Galactica 
 s1e8 - Flesh and Bone - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009): Season 1, Episode 8 - Flesh and Bone - full transcript 
 A humanoid Cylon is captured in the fleet, a copy of the Leoben model, who claims that he has planted a nuclear bomb in the Fleet before he was captured. Starbuck is tasked with interrogating him, which soon becomes a battle of wills as Starbuck has her marines to torture the Cylon to try to break him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MALE NARRATOR: PreviousIy on Battlestar Galactica. (DRAMATlC lNSTRUMENTAL MUSlC) ADAMA: Doral ! (BEEPlNG) When this body dies, my consciousness will be transferred to another one. The Cylons have the ability to mimic human form. They look like us now. This man has been identified as a Cylon agent. You sleep, l watch. No. You're the one who needs sleep. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You are lucky that you didn't lapse into a coma. The time is going to come when you won't be able to hide what you're going through. (BlRD CALLlNG) (FOOTSTEPS POUNDlNG) (lNAUDlBLE WHlSPERlNG) (PANTlNG) (GASPS) Laura. (RATTLlNG) (KNOCKlNG ON DOOR) ROSLlN: Yes. Madam President, are you okay in there? l'm fine, it's the side effects from the Chamalla. You know that thing they say, "What's worse? The cancer or the cure?" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What do you need? You have an urgent call from the captain of the Gemenon Traveler. Can l call him back? He says they found a Cylon on board. ROSLlN: They found him in the starboard storage compartment. Looked like he'd been camped there for days. ADAMA ON PHONE: They're sure it's a Cylon? The captain identified him by one of the photos we sent out. He's another copy of the man you knew as Leoben Conroy. Where is it now? Aboard the Gemenon Traveler, locked in a storeroom under guard. lsolate that ship. Order the CAP to fly escort around the Gemenon Traveler and not to approach any other ship in the fleet. Aye, sir. (BEEPlNG) CAP, Galactica, fly close. . . l'll send a team over to destroy it immediately. l want this man interrogated first. ADAMA: First of all, it's not a him, it's an it. Second, anything it says cannot be trusted. Best thing to do is to destroy it immediately. l'd like to hear what this thing has to say. lt might be important. Madam President, l've dealt with this model before. lt will fill your head with doubletalk, half-baked philosophy, and confuse you. Then send someone who won't be easily confused. That's an order, Commander. l want him interrogated. Order understood. (STARBUCK PANTS) STARBUCK: You really think it'll give us something? ADAMA: No. President disagrees. You need me to go, l'll shower up and go. How's this coming? We got the entire avionics package figured out. Fire control, navigation and l think that l am zeroing in on her FTL drive. (BEEPlNG) l did this in a hurry about three weeks ago. lt's an after-action report on Leoben. lt's a very clever machine. Manipulative, cunning. The only problem with Leoben isn't that he lies. That would be too easy. lt's that he mixes lies with truth. Just remember, he's gonna try to get into your head. Mom always said there was nothing in there anyway. (CHUCKLES) Just be careful. He has an agenda. lt's a goal you won't understand till later. Your job is to make sure he doesn't achieve the goal. Yes, sir. (THEME MUSlC) (HUMMlNG A TUNE) Lieutenant. What's up? Nothing. (COMPUTER KEYBOARD CLlCKlNG) Just wanted to see if what l told you the other day helped at all. Yeah. Actually, it did. You do treat this thing more like an animal than a machine and it actually works. Where did you come up with that anyway? Just pop into your head? l'm a Cylon. You know, that's not even funny. lf l could prove that l wasn't, would that make a difference? You know, between us? PlLOT: Gemenon TraveIer, Raptor 71 9. We're inbound with Lt. Thrace aboard. Permission to dock. MALE VOlCE: Roger, 71 9. Permission granted. CAPTAlN: Really does look like a person. STARBUCK: Yeah. Must be all full of wires inside. No, you cut him open, there's blood, guts, the whole thing. lt's sweating. Well, l'll be. . . Look at that. Gods, they go through a lot of trouble to imitate people. Why do you think they do that? l don't care why. But the fact that these things sweat, now, that's interesting. (CLANGlNG) (STARBUCK CLEARS THROAT) STARBUCK: Sleeping? Praying. l don't think the Gods answer the prayers of toasters. God answers everyone's prayers. How many Cylons are there in the fleet? We haven't been properly introduced. (CLANKlNG) l'm Leoben. How many Cylons are there in the fleet? l have no idea. What's your name? How long have you been hiding aboard this ship? Am l not allowed to know your name? Why were you hiding aboard this ship? l had a mission to perform. Listen, it's a small thing. Can you just tell me who you are? Tell me about your mission and l'll think about it. My mission was to conduct sabotage. What kind of sabotage? God, you stink. Can l get some air in here? Between you and the humidity. . . l am not here to play games with you. You said you wanted to cooperate. Either start talking, or we are done. (SlGHlNG) Okay. (WHlSPERlNG) But l really wanna know your name. STARBUCK: Open. Are you Lt. Starbuck? (LAUGHS) Yes, you are. l knew. . . (LAUGHlNG) l was right. l was right. l saw it. l've seen it. Happy now? lt all makes sense now. Doesn't it? Now we can talk. Now we can talk about a lot of things. Like what? l planted a nuclear warhead aboard one of your ships. lt's set to go off at 1 830 hours. Where? l'm not ready to give that up yet. You're lying. There's no warhead. You can't take the chance, Starbuck. Your military training dictates you take it to your masters and let them decide. Maybe my training wasn't so good. Maybe l push you out the airlock and tell them you never said a word. Now who's lying? These things happen for a reason, don't they? l'm looking forward to spending a little more time with you. We have a lot to talk about. lt's gonna be fun. Put the Red Team on alert immediately. Dee? And sweep Galactica for any kind of radiological devices. Right. Contact all the captains in the fleet. Have them do radiological sweeps of their ships. But emphasize that this is just a precaution. l don't wanna alarm anyone until we know for sure. Yes, sir. Well, we'll know for sure in eight hours and 40 minutes. Lt. Thrace, did he say anything else? No. He guessed my call sign. Seemed really happy when he found out who l was. ADAMA: He's pIaying with your mind. He's been stowed away for weeks aboard the fleet. 50 ways he couId've heard the word "Starbuck" on a wireless set. That's what l figured, sir. ROSLlN: Any idea what he wants, Lieutenant? (SlGHlNG) Not yet. Says he's looking forward to spending time with me, though. Don't take any chances, Starbuck. Yes, sir. You believe in the Gods, don't you? Lords of Kobol, and all that? STARBUCK: Why should l tell you? lt's not a trick question. l just want to see how much l got right. So you pray to Artemis and Aphrodite? Where's the warhead? (LAUGHS) l was right. See, our faiths are similar, but l look to one God, not to many. l don't give a damn what you believe. To know the face of God is to know madness. l see the universe. l see the patterns. l see the foreshadowing that precedes every moment of every day. lt's all there. l see it. And you don't. And l have a surprise for you. l have something to tell you about the future. ls that so? lt is. But we have to see this through to the end. (DOOR OPENlNG) (CLEARS THROAT) (CUTLERY RATTLlNG) What is the most basic article of faith? This is not all that we are. The difference between you and me is, l know what that means and you don't. l know that l'm more than this body, more than this consciousness. A part of me swims in the stream. But in truth, l'm standing on the shore. The current never takes me downstream. (CLATTERlNG) This is worse than Galactica, and l didn't think that was possible. And what was that "swimming in streams" or something? (GULPlNG) Do you mind? (GRUNTS) Thank you. (SlGHlNG) Starving. Haven't eaten in days. Kind of bad programming, isn't it? l mean, why bother with hunger? Part of being human. You're not human. How's your lunch? You know how it is. When you're starving, anything tastes good. (GRUNTS) (GROANS) Did that hurt? Yeah, that hurt. Machines shouldn't feel pain, shouldn't bleed, shouldn't sweat. Sweat. That's funny. That's good. See, a smart Cylon would turn off the old pain software about now. But l don't think you're so smart. Maybe l'll turn it off and you won't even know. (SCOFFS) Here's your dilemma. Turn off the pain, you feel better, but that makes you a machine, not a person. You see, human beings can't turn off their pain. Human beings have to suffer and cry, and scream, and endure because they have no choice. So the only way you can avoid the pain you're about to receive is by telling me exactly what l wanna know. Just like a human would. l knew this about you. You're everything l thought you would be. But it won't work. l won't tell you anything. Maybe not. But then, you'll know deep down that l beat you that a human being beat you and that you are truly no greater than we are. You're just a bunch of machines after all. Let the games begin. (SNlCKERS) Hi. (MOANS) (DOOR OPENS) Well, look what the cat dragged in. BALTAR: Lt. Valerii. lt's an unexpected visit. You look wonderful. (DOOR CLOSlNG) l need your help. Anything l can do. Anything at all. Wonder why they call her "Boomer"? l heard you were working on a test. . . to tell the difference between Cylons and humans. Bingo. l can't really talk about that at the moment. You wouldn't help settle a bet for me, would you? Why do they call you "Boomer"? lf you're working on a Cylon detector, do you think l could be in the first batch? You know, to be tested? What's her rush? What's your rush? l'm not sure it would be appropriate to show favoritism. lf, indeed, l am working on anything at all. l saved your life back on Caprica. My co-pilot gave up his seat for you, l brought you back to GaIactica, to safety. You wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for me. You owe me. (NO. 6 CLAPPlNG) She shoots. She scores. l suppose there's some small truth to that. So, can you test me or not? l think you should do it. Results will be quite intriguing. The technology for Cylon detection is not quite ready for full-scale implementation. But l could use a beta test subject. Sharon's late. Half an hour. l notice you're calling her Sharon now. Yeah, l choose to think of her as one of them. Because you dislike her? (SCOFFS) Because in the scheme of things, we are as we do. She acts like one of them, thinks like them. She is one of them. But she's one of us. lt would be best to remember that. (WlND BLOWlNG) We had sex. Congratulations. NO. 6: Does he love you? l think so. Has he said it? Not directly. Then you're just guessing. Stay in your current location. We're setting up a cabin for you nearby. Food, water, electricity. All the comforts. Shouldn't be too hard to convince him to stay and start a life together. lf not, kill him. Can you handle that? We made it this far, we're gonna make it all the way. lf something happened to you, l wouldn't know how to deal with it. (RAlN PATTERlNG) Caprica! (GRUNTS) DORAL: lf he flees, he dies. (WHlRRlNG) NO. 6: Does he love you? (SOBBlNG) Helo. Helo. Hey, what's going on? Come on. We gotta go. Now. (PANTlNG) l saw Cylons. They're headed this way. We got to travel fast, even faster than before. Why? What's different? Everything. Just trust me. l do. (CLlNKlNG) (GRUNTS) (GROANS) Now, if you were human, you'd be just about ready to start offering up some false information about the location of the nuke. Some tiny thing that might get you a reward and maybe spare you a few minutes of this. But then, l keep forgetting you're not human. You're a machine. (GROANS) l am more than you could ever imagine. (PANTlNG) l am God. (LAUGHS) l'm sorry. You're God? (LAUGHlNG) Wow. Nice to meet you. That's good. We'll give you a couple of minutes with that. (LAUGHS) lt's funny, isn't it? We're all God, Starbuck. All of us. l see the love that binds all living things together. Love? You don't even know what the word means. l know that God loved you more than all other living creatures and you repaid his divine love with sin, with hate, corruption, evil. So then he decided to create the Cylons. The Gods had nothing to do with it. We created you. Us. lt was a stupid, frakked-up decision, and we have paid for it. You slaughtered my entire civilization. That is sin. That is evil. And you are evil. (GROANS) Am l? l see the truths that float past you in the stream. You have a real thing about rivers and streams, don't you? l think we should indulge you in your obsession. (DOOR CLOSES) Do you realize l could kill you before they came back in the room? l could get to my feet, rip your skull from your spinal column, crash through that door, kill the guard in less time than it has taken me to describe it to you. Then why don't you? lt's not the time. (METALLlC RATTLlNG) (STARBUCK GASPlNG) GUARD: He's loose! l have a surprise for you. (GASPlNG) (LEOBEN GROANS) You frakked up, pal. Now the gloves come off. (DlALlNG) (BUZZlNG) Combat, Col. Tigh. ADAMA: How's the search going for the nuke? Nothing so far. How much time remaining? Two hours, nine minutes. Spread out the fleet. No ship more than 500 clicks from any other ship. lf there's a nuke, Iet's Iimit the damage. Aye, sir. No. Do it. (WATER BUBBLlNG) (RATTLlNG) Leave him. GUARD: Sir? (LEOBEN GASPS) Tell me where the warhead is otherwise you're gonna drown in that bucket. l can't drown. l can't die. STARBUCK: Right. Cmdr. Adama mentioned that how if your body dies your consciousness is downloaded or transferred into another body. Something like that? No, exactly like that. But, you see, l've been thinking. Why is a Cylon willing to talk at all? Why does he care if we destroy his body? Won't he just transfer away and laugh at all of us and our stupid human ideas? (GASPlNG) (COUGHlNG) Tell me where the warhead is. This is not your path, Starbuck. You have a different destiny. Don't interrupt me. You see, l'm gonna dazzle you with my poor human brain. You see, l think that you're afraid. You're afraid that we're a long way from home. What if you don't transfer all the way back? What if when you die here, you really die? lt's your chance to find out if you're really God, or just a bunch of circuits with a bad haircut. l'm not afraid of dying. Someone's programmed you with a fairytale of God, and streams, and life ever after. But somewhere in that hard drive that you call a brain, is a beeping message: "Error, error. Does not compute. "l don't have a soul. l have software. "lf l die, l'm gone." (WATER SPLASHlNG) (GASPlNG) (PANTlNG) l have a soul. l see patterns. l know you. You're damaged. You were born to a woman who believed that suffering was good for the soul, so you suffered. Your life is a testament to pain. lnjuries. Accidents. Some inflicted upon others, others inflicted upon yourself. lt surrounds you like a bubble. But it's not real, it's just. . . lt's just something she put into your head. lt's something that you wanna believe because it means you're the problem, not the world that you live in. You wanna believe it because it means that you're bad luck. You're like a cancer that needs to be removed. Because you hear her voice every day and you want her to be right. Start again. BALTAR: Now, we just pop this in the slot and wait for the results. (CLEARS THROAT) (BEEPS) Green, you're a normal human being. (GRUNTlNG) Red, you're an evil Cylon. (COMPUTER BLEEPS) Should take a couple of minutes. So tell me, are you from Aerilon? There's a slight trace of an accent there. What? No. Troy. Troy. Troy. Tell me, why is that familiar? Mining settlement. The accident. The explosion. Right. That was tragic. Your family. . . They died with the rest. l'm very sorry. (COMPUTER BEEPlNG) lt's a lie. Congratulations, Doctor. You've just uncovered your very first Cylon. Now, here's an interesting moment in the life of Gaius Baltar. What will he do? ls everything okay? Yeah. l'm just interpolating the results. The question is, what will she do if you expose her? Thank you or kill you? l thought it was just green or red. Well, it's a little more complicated than that. She probably doesn't know. She probably thinks she's just another little girl from Troy whose entire background vanished in a mysterious accident. Should be interesting to see how she responds when you tell her the truth. (COMPUTER BEEPlNG) l'm guessing her Cylon side will take over and break your neck before you can give away her secret. Let's find out. Congratulations, it's green ! lt's very bright green. (LAUGHlNG) You're not a Cylon. Really? 1 00% human, and very bright green as well. For a second, l was worried what you were gonna say. Were you? Yeah. Well, there's nothing to be worried about anymore. You couldn't be more human if you tried. Well, thanks. Anytime. l have something to tell you. (GASPS) How long before this supposed bomb goes off? Less than an hour. l want you to get me a shuttle. l'm going to the Gemenon Traveler. l want to see the Cylon myself. Madam President, you need to. . . Don't even start. l don't wanna discuss this. l've made my decision. Not until l get you a security detail. Enough. For frak's sake, let him breathe. (LEOBEN GASPlNG) (LEOBEN COUGHlNG) You're sick. (DOOR CLANKlNG OPEN) You're not a person. You're a machine that's enjoying it's own pain. All this has happened before. And all of it will happen again. Don't quote scripture. You don't have the right to use those words. You kneel before idols and ask for guidance. But you can't see that your destiny's already been written. Each of us plays a role. Each time, a different role. Maybe the last time, l was the interrogator and you were the prisoner. The players change, the story remains the same. And this time. . . This time your role is to deliver my soul unto God. Do it for me. lt's your destiny, and mine. And l told you l had a surprise for you. Are you ready? You're gonna find Kobol. Birthplace of us all. Kobol will lead you to Earth. This is my gift to you, Kara. (DOOR OPENlNG) ROSLlN: What the hell is going on here? What exactly is it that you are doing here? lt's a machine, sir. There's no limit to the tactics l can use. And where's the warhead? l don't know. You don't know? You spent the last eight hours torturing this man. This machine. Whatever it is. And you don't have a single piece of information to show for it. He thinks he can see the future. Says he knows our destiny, our fate. He says we're gonna find Kobol, and that it's gonna lead us to Earth. Clean him up. There's not much time. Yes, sir. (CLlNKlNG) Do you know who l am? Yes. l apologize for what you've been through. Take his restraints off. Do it. Thank you. l can do more. l can guarantee your safety. l can order your release. We are running out of time. We have only four minutes left until your bomb goes off. l've come here to tell you that this conflict between our peoples does not have to continue. lt can stop right here with us. We have to trust each other. (WHlSPERlNG) Trust me. l think you know you can. Tell me what l need to know, and you will live. The warhead doesn't exist. l made it up. Lieutenant was right. l was too far out. l didn't wanna die, so when l got caught, l made up a story to buy some time. l see. Thank you for the truth. LEOBEN: Thank you, Madam President. Don't be too hard on Kara. She was just doing her job. The military, they teach you to dehumanize people. l'll take that into consideration. No! Stand down. Laura, l have something to tell you. Adama is a Cylon. Yeah. Are you all right? l'm fine. The bomb? Nothing. Put him out the airlock. What? You can't do that. Not after he told you. . . Yes, l can. And l will. (DOOR CLOSlNG) ROSLlN: Lieutenant, look at me. You've lost perspective. During the time l have allowed him to remain alive and captive on this ship he has caused our entire fleet to spread out defenseless. He puts insidious ideas in our minds. More lethal than any warhead. He creates fear. But you're right. He's a machine. And you don't keep a deadly machine around. When it kills your people and threatens your future you get rid of it. He's not afraid to die. He's just afraid that his soul won't make it to God. ALARM BLARlNG) Lords of Kobol, hear my prayer. l don't know if he had a soul or not. But if he did, take care of it. Hell of a risk you took today. Something l had to do. Care to tell me why? President Adar once said that the interesting thing about being a President is that you don't have to explain yourself to anyone. (GRUNTS) Something wrong? No. Nothing at all. (THEME MUSlC) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 