Beat Bobby Flay: Season 5, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s5e8 - Rise to the Occasion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 5, Episode 8 - Rise to the Occasion - full transcript 
 Ted Allen and Debi Mazar try to take down their pal Bobby Flay, but first they have to choose which golden-boy chef is up for the task, when Gio Osso and Mike Friedman compete in the kitchen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. Let the games begin! Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills to beat me. We got your number.  You're going down. Round 2 -- I go head-to-head  with the winning contender. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. That's what  you brought here?! We have let the lion  out of the cage! Bring it on. Bottom line --  everyone's out to beat me. Whew. Welcome, everyone. I'd like to introduce you to two people who will be sure  to stir the pot -- from Food Network's "Chopped,"  Ted Allen... Hey, what's up? ...and from Cooking Channel's  "Extra Virgin," Debi Mazar. You guys ready  to watch us mess him up? Please. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ted has judged me  on "Iron Chef America." He's definitely not gonna  go easy on me. Debi, we know each other  from "Entourage" and the show that you have  on Cooking Channel with your really cool  Italian husband. You're buttering me up  right now. But I've been given a job,  and I'm tough. I know. So, who do you got today? Our first contender is  the chef and owner of the newly acclaimed  Virtu Honest Craft -- Gio Osso! Come on! Come on! Our next contender  has worked under Morimoto, José Andrés,  and Scott Conant. Mike Friedman! Whoo! I know that you got  the eye on me, but first,  you must go through each other. I'm gonna be giving you  an ingredient of my choice, and then you have to make it  the star of your dish. And that ingredient is... ...Apples. Aha! Apples. You can bake them. You can use them  in a raw application. I like apples. Blank. No idea  what to do with apples, except just cut them  and eat them. Debi and Ted will decide  which one of you goes up against me  in Round 2. You have 20 minutes. Go. Today I chose apples --  Granny Smith, that are sort of tart  and a tiny bit sour -- and honey crisp,  which are sweeter. Would you consider  going sweet? You want to do savory  and make it interesting. My mother --  Her idea of gourmet was applesauce and putting cinnamon in it. That's not gourmet? I want to showcase  my Italian roots. I spent every summer with my mom  in Southern Italy. What better place  to fall in love with food? So, I put myself through  culinary school. Today, I'm the chef/owner  of Virtu Honest Craft. We were nominated for Best New Restaurants for James Beard. Unfortunately, my mother  was diagnosed with cancer, and the last year  of my mother's life, I didn't get to see her as often  as I should have because I was working. So, I live with that regret  every day. I'm here today  to make my mom proud. Bobby, your reign stops here  and now. Right now Mike is  grating apples, and he's got potatoes  on his station. So, maybe  some kind of potato cake? A latke maybe? Oh, I like that. I want to do something I grew up  eating around the holidays. Latkes. After college, I got a desk job,  and I absolutely hated it. My mom is a cookbook collector,  so I started cooking. I was hooked. I went to the Culinary Institute  of America, graduated at the top  of my class, and then I started working in Michelin-starred restaurants. Last year, I opened my own  restaurant -- The Red Hen. I have  an award-winning restaurant, but I came into this profession  a little late in the game, so I'm trying to prove  that I can battle with one of the best  and come out on top. I'm coming for you, Bobby! We're gonna give you a run  for your money, Bobby. Oh, I know. All right, I'm going in. All righty, Gio,  give me an idea of what you got  going on here. I'm gonna make a panzanella salad with apples. Panzanella salad is  a traditional Italian salad with bread and tomatoes. Where's the apple here? There won't be  any tomato in it. It's gonna be apple more. Mmm, that sounds  really good. All right, well,  you got 16 minutes to go, sir. I'm tossing the bread  with cinnamon, cumin, garlic. It's going to have  rich flavor. All righty, Chef Mike, are you doing some sort of  a latke here or what? Been reading my diary? Yeah, man,  I got apple latkes, and I'm gonna do  horseradish yogurt with an apple salad  on top. Lots of apples. Hot apple-on-apple action  going on here, folks. I like the idea of the potatoes and the apples 'cause the potatoes  are not gonna get in the way of the apple flavor. Mm-hmm. 10 minutes to go. To make the salad,  I mix watercress, mint, fennel with golden raisins, currants,  and toasted pine nuts. It will have a pepperiness  and sweetness. I start working on the yogurt. I add some horseradish. It has such a spicy flavor. And then I finish  with fresh apple juice. There's no juicer. You juiced the apple  with what? With my hands, Bobby! You don't know how many apples  died in the process of me practicing that. Mike's got a lot to say. Let's hope he can say a lot  on his plate. Okay, chefs, it's 8:30. Look at the elegance. This smells really lovely. You smell lovely. Thank you. It's vanilla. Are you feeling confident  right now? I mean, you walked in...  No, I'm not. ...giving a little, like,  fake hip dysplasia. I hurt my --  It's not fake. Oh.  I hurt myself. I'm sorry. Well, you know, an apple a day keeps the doctor away. Amen to that. Debi made it all better. How many ways are you  using the apple? In three ways -- In the latkes  and the the yogurt, and then I'm gonna do  an apple and celery salad. A lot of lemon juice.  Wonderful. Mike's better be careful  how much lemon he adds. He can totally overwhelm  the apple. Ciao, Gio. Only speaking Italian so no one  knows what we're saying. Okay. That's not fair. Please be careful 'cause I don't want to get you with the pomegranate seeds. Don't worry.  I got a good dry cleaner. So, how many ways are you using  the apples today? I have both apples  in salad here, and then I'm taking apple-cider vinegar and sugar and making a little glaze for it. Okay. The glaze will bring another  layer of apple to the dish. So, Debi, I know  you like Italian guys. Does that give him  an unfair advantage? Yes. Gio's salad looked gorgeous. But Gio's really  only using apple one place, along with  apple-cider vinegar. I'm not sure  that's enough. Mike -- He's got  the latkes going. I like the idea  of cooked and fresh. Four minutes. I flip the latkes. Ooh! I actually ended up  burning them. Uh-oh.  Uh-oh. I have to start over. Thank God I have  some extra batter. I need to move  really quickly. 1:45! I grab the bread out of  the oven and toss the salad. I put the glaze  around the whole dish. Plate the salad. I flip the latkes,  and thank God, I'm really happy  with the color. And I start to plate. I lay down that horseradish  and apple yogurt, put my latkes on top... 20 seconds to go. ...and then I finish with that really acidic apple  and celery salad. 10...9...8...7... 6...5...4...3...2...1. Boom! Gio's only incorporating  apples on the raw side, which means I've already got  a leg up. I see that Chef Mike  did apples three ways. I'm not sure if my dish is  gonna be good enough to get to the next level. Mike and Gio, today we're here to find the one chef who's gonna take down Bobby. Chef Mike, would you please  tell us what you made? I made an apple latke with a horseradish apple yogurt  and an apple celery salad. First of all, Mike, I love the presentation. I love the crispiness  of the latke. I love the Greek yogurt. It was super fresh and spicy. A lot of apple  going on there. Yeah, and I love how you used it in three different ways. Although there's one rival --  the lemon. It's soaking into the latke, and it's overpowering the apple. There we go. Gio, what do we have here? Spiced apple  panzanella salad. Mmm. This is exquisitely  sophisticated. I love many of the details  of what you did. It's crispy, light, and whatever spices you used to toast that bread  are divine. Thank you. I certainly get the flavor  of the apple in the salad, but the glaze did kind of stick  to the bottom of the plate. Yeah, I don't see multiple use of apples. I think they both  made the apple the star. So, I don't know  who's gonna go forward. And the chef  that we're choosing to go up against  Bobby Flay is... ...Chef Gio. It sucks not winning,  but I was true to myself, true to my food,  and I couldn't be prouder. Good job.  Wow. Chef, although Mike  used the apple in more ways, there was too much lemon,  and it overpowered it. We thought that your dish was  more sophisticated. Bobby's very versatile. As long as you keep your heart and soul in it, I think you got a good shot. Take him down.  Will do. Gio, congratulations. You come with  an Italian résumé. So, why don't you tell me  what your signature dish is? My signature dish is... ...lasagna. Ooh! 45 minutes for that? 45 minutes?  You got it. I think  I'm gonna watch this one. Good luck with that. Debi and I will not  be judging this one. Instead, we've invited  three food experts who will choose the winner  based on a blind taste test. 45 minutes begins now. I'm here today to honor my mom. I've made this dish  a million times. Bobby doesn't stand a chance. Lasagna is a baked Italian  pasta dish with wide noodles and a Bolognese meat sauce,  a béchamel cream sauce -- That's, like, parmesan cheese. It really should be  a three- or four-hour project. The 45-minute time limit's  gonna definitely be a problem. I love lasagna. Lasagna's, like, my favorite comfort food ever. With all the layers and all the flavors, you can do many variations on it. You can make  a vegetarian lasagna. You can make  a white lasagna. Meat lasagna's  traditional. It will be interesting  to see what Gio can do with lasagna  to take down Mr. Flay. He's got it in his DNA. This lasagna  is a twist on a recipe that I learned from my aunt  in Italy. I'm making a lasagna  with fresh spinach pasta, Bolognese sauce, and béchamel. I want to get my pasta going. I puree spinach with egg  and a little milk, a little bit of olive oil, and that's gonna  give smoothness to the pasta. All right, Gio, my man,  what do you got here? I'm making spinach pasta  right now. Why do you think  this is the dish that's gonna take down  Bobby Flay? He can't do this. He's gonna make dry pasta.  You watch. No kidding. Okay, but is it really  worth the trouble to make fresh pasta  in a competition? I think so. Fresh pasta tastes better. I can't wait to see  how it comes out, chef. I put my puree  in the food processor with flour  to create a dough. I'm gonna let that rest  for a few minutes before  I actually roll it out. I don't have time  to play around here, so I'm gonna keep it classic. I'm making lasagna  with a pork Bolognese sauce, some béchamel,  and a parsley oregano oil. My strategy is  to cook things separately and then marry it all together so it tastes like  it's been cooking for hours. I start cooking the  Bolognese sauce with tomatoes, and then I brown pork  and the beef. I sauté carrots, onions,  celery, fennel. Then I start cooking bacon  for a smoky, rich texture. So, Bobby, your man Gio's  making fresh pasta. You gonna make time  for that? I'm not making fresh pasta, but,  you know, I got bacon. That's all I need. Bacon is our friend. We're gonna have fun watching  Gio make pasta, everybody. All right, chefs, 37 minutes on the clock. I don't have time  to make pasta from scratch, so I'm gonna use pasta sheets. I'm gonna blanch the pasta  in water first. I just need it to be  a little bit firm so that it holds up  when it bakes. Gio is definitely making  his own fresh pasta. Is that  worth the trouble? I don't think so,  but he's a chef. There's a certain fabulousness with the taste of fresh pasta. It's really rustic. I'm starting  the meat Bolognese sauce. I put ground beef in the pan. I'm adding celery, carrots,  and onions and tomatoes. What you got going on  over here? Making a little sauce. Okay, you got  your ground beef. And then I have some prosciutto,  some mortadella, some pancetta,  some soppressata. I'm gonna add it to that. Now, wait a second. Now, I've never heard  of anybody using mortadella, prosciutto  in sauce. It's gonna give it that richness and that depth that's gonna make it taste like it's cooked for six hours. Okay. It's very nouvelle,  your use of the cold cuts. It changes the game.  I'm rooting for you. Grazie. I'm gonna finish the Bolognese  and marry everything together. I add Rosé wine, some Calabrian chilies, and I just let it cook. Why Rosé? 'Cause I couldn't decide --  white or red? I went in the middle. Okay. Now, what you got  in there? A little Calabrian chili. And what does that do?  Heat and flavor. Where do you get it?  Calabria. Guys, you got 27 minutes. 27 -- This is ridiculous. I just can't even believe  this is happening right now. I got to make a béchamel,  which is a white cream sauce. It's equal parts butter  and flour, add the milk, then I'm gonna add  a little bit nutmeg. It's gonna add creaminess  to the dish. Bobby's is much more classic,  but Gio -- to use cold-cut meat -- They don't do that in Italy. I mean, not to my knowledge. It's gonna be very salty. But I'm hoping that it's a good trick. Yeah, definitely. Pasta's coming together. I'm gonna let that rest  for a few more minutes before I actually  roll that out. So now it's onto my béchamel. Gonna give  a little cheesy component and a little salinity to it,  as well. He's, like, chomping on, like, food over there, and Bobby's running  and sweating.  Ow! Chef, you need help  over there? He's trying to psych you out, Bobby. Gio's got  some tricks up his sleeve. I don't have any idea how I'm gonna get all this done. Make some noise. Come on, guys. Come on. You better hurry up, Gio, 'cause you got 25 minutes. You haven't rolled up  that pasta. Yep. Why is he not nervous,  and I am? You'll see. Now I'm gonna form  actual pasta sheets. I'm gonna knead it by hand  to get the glutens developed to make the pasta hold together  for when I roll it out 'cause I want a certain thickness to the pasta so it doesn't fall apart. The pasta he's making is gonna be so beautiful. Absolutely. The pasta's ready to go. I'm gonna throw it  in the boiling water. They're both doing  meat lasagnas. This is gonna be sort of like  an apples-to-apples comparison. Gio, I wonder  if I might come in and taste a couple things  in here.  Yeah. It's a little salty. I'm gonna fix that  right now. I add some more tomatoes to really balance out that salt. Can I taste yours?  Sure. I love the bacon  in there. That Calabrian chili's  coming out, man. I'm getting a little feeling of stress from you, Bobby. I don't know what it is. How did it taste? Well, Gio's sauce is salty. However, the béchamel is gonna add some moisture and creaminess to help balance out  the salt. True.  Bobby's sauce -- I love the way he's got  the tomato developing a cooked flavor  that you need. This is one of  the hardest battles in terms of  getting everything done. So, now I'm making the layers. I start with  a little béchamel, pasta, Bolognese sauce,  and parmesan cheese, and then just repeating it. Now it's time for assembly. Gio, how are you  building that? So, you have your béchamel  and your meat. I have prosciutto cotto  inside, too, and a little bit of cheddar  to give it a little creaminess. Did he say cheddar? Wait a minute! Cheddar?!  I have a chance! Cheddar cheese is very sharp. You know, I'm sure  it's gonna add lots of flavor. It's just it's not the lasagna  I know, that's for sure. Fresh parmigiano  is classic, but he's using the cheddar for a little creaminess. I think it's a subtle trick. Cheddar is subtle? Coming up  on 15 minutes. How long do you have to let your lasagna cook in the oven? I'm gonna need at least, uh...  24 minutes. Gio, how much oven time  do you need? Mine's not gonna go in the oven that way. Not use the oven?  I'm rolling it up. I have a technique  where I roll my lasagna to get it melted quicker, and then I'm gonna slice that  and then put it in the broiler. Gio's looks really modern.  I'm totally surprised. Nona would probably roll over  in her grave. But...I think it's working  for a competition. You got 10 minutes. Bobby's stuff  is not in the oven yet, and I know  he's concerned. I put the lasagna  in the oven. I just want it to bake  for a couple of minutes. Hopefully,  it'll kind of come together. What are you doing? I'm gonna make parsley  and oregano oil. I'm just gonna put it  right on top of the lasagna. Just for  a little freshness.  Oh, okay. I always think you have to be careful with oregano 'cause it really overpowers  a lot of times.  Very strong. Do you think you have enough time to get it cooked? I don't know. I never see you  this nervous. I kind of like it. This is insane. Hey, Gio,  you might have this 'cause Bobby's  a little nervous here. Good. I'm always nervous  around you. Well, you're a good actor. So, we got your broiler. Oh, wow. Did grandmother teach you  how to do this in Calabria? My aunt actually taught me  to do this, yeah. Fantastic. You almost done? Yeah. Go ahead. They're sharing the Salamander.  I love it. Just remember that I was nice to you. I'm gonna finish  the lasagna under the broiler 'cause I want the top  to be very crusty. I actually have a break in the  action after all this insanity, so I went and had  a little sip of Rosé. I have to say I wish every time  I was in a bar and I took a sip,  everybody clapped. 3:41. You plating?  Yep. I put a little sauce  on the center of the plate, and I placed two lasagna pieces  right on top of the sauce. 1:45! I'm running out of time, and  I have to start moving quickly. He literally just almost dropped everything on the floor. Wow. 30 seconds, folks. Bobby's got to get plated. I put the casseroles  on the plate, and I top it with parsley oil. To finish, I add  a little piece of baguette. Here we go. 10...9...8...7... 6...5...4...3...2...1. That's it. Good job.  Thank you. Whoo! I'm feeling pretty good  about my dish. As the Italian guy, I know how to make the traditional lasagna, but I think I made the winner. That was brutal. I feel like I'm drenched in Bolognese sauce and béchamel. I need a bath. I made lasagna. Yes, you did. Ridiculous. Bobby, Gio,  congratulations. Now it's time  to meet your judges. First up, chef and  cookbook author Aliya Leekong. Next, restaurateur  and co-owner of Major Food Group  Jeff Zalaznick. And the host  of "Simply Laura" on Cooking Channel,  Laura Vitale. Judges, as a reminder,  it's a blind taste test. Please start with the plate  that's in front of you. I think  that this did a great job of layering the flavors  on top of each other. I love the addition  of the bacon. Gave it a really smoky flavor. And I'm always a big fan  of Calabrian chili, so that heat is amazing. And the pasta  was cooked perfectly. And it did hold up  really well. But I thought the dish  could use a little bit of salt. And there's a lot of oil that's sort of layered on top here. I'd agree.  It's taking away from that crispy, cheesy layer  that I love. Feel free to dig into  dish number 2. Whoever can make homemade pasta  in under 45 minutes, plus everything else,  deserves a gold medal. The pasta was delicious. The texture was wonderful. The use of the prosciutto cotto  as a layer is an interesting move, and it was nice to add that  classic Italian garlic bread. But the use  of all the cured meat in the sauce  makes it too salty. There's a lot of creativity  and technique, but the cheesy, crusty layer -- I really miss that here. But I love  that delicious béchamel. It's that time  where we need you to vote. The judges think  my new take on lasagna is actually a pretty good one. I'm feeling pretty good  right now. I just hope  that they appreciate the balance of flavors  and the authenticity. But the judges might be sick  of old-school lasagna. I hope they're not. All right, chefs,  we have our votes. And the winner is... ...Chef Bobby Flay! Good job. Great job, Gio. When you do a unique twist  on a classic, it has to taste as good, if not  better, than the original. And I think this one fell  a little bit short. Even though I'm disappointed that I didn't  come out victorious, I made a lot of people  proud today. You know  what this means?  What? We screwed up.  We lost. Exactly. Gaah! Oh, my God.  I can't believe it. The Irish guy beat the Italian guy at lasagna! I'm gonna come back and get you another time, Bobby. Yeah, what she said. When in doubt,  layer, layer, layer, even if it's only 45 minutes. It will get you the win.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 