Beat Bobby Flay: Season 6, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s6e10 - Roasting on an Open Fire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 6, Episode 10 - Roasting on an Open Fire - full transcript 
 Chefs from Morocco and New Jersey vie for the chance to beat Bobby Flay. But first, they have to impress Food Network personality Alex Guarnaschelli and magician Penn Jillette. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. -Bobby's going down today.  -Let's go, let's go! This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. It tastes like a win! Let the games begin! Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills to beat me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -Boom.  -I think you're in trouble. We chose the right guy. FLAY: Round 2 --  I go head-to-head with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. You got to put your big-boy pants on now. We have let the lion  out of the cage! Bring it on. Bottom line --  everyone's out to beat me. Whew. [ Bell dings ] [ Cheers and applause ] Happy holidays, everybody. Here to put the coal  in my stocking tonight, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 please welcome  Chef Alex Guarnaschelli and half of Penn & Teller,  magician Penn Jillette. Ho, ho, ho. You are going down.  [ Laughter ] You know, Alex and I have known each other for a long time, but you wind up on the Food Network all the time. Free food. He competed on "Chopped."  He was excellent. -Did you judge him?  -I'm serious. Yes. You chop him? Um...  [ Laughter ] All right, what are you bringing on your sleigh tonight? Bobby, as a sous-chef  on "Iron Chef America," our first contender  lost to you by one point. Meet Chef Ariane Duarte. [ Cheers and applause ] Whoo! Our next contender owns three New York restaurants. Meet Adil Fawzi. [ Cheers and applause ] So, Penn and Alex want nothing  more this holiday season than for one of you  to beat me. But first, you have  to go against each other. You'll have 20 minutes  to make a single ingredient the star of your dish. And in the spirit  of the holidays, that ingredient is... ...chestnuts. I work with chestnuts  a lot as a garnish, but to make them the star of  the dish, it's very, very hard. Chestnuts --  The flavor is really mild, so you don't want  to overpower them. All right, these guys behind me will taste, and they'll decide  which one of you goes up against me  in Round 2. 20 minutes goes by  faster than you think. Ready?  [ Bell dings ] Go.  [ Cheers and applause ] -Oh, they're flying.  -Yeah. My dad -- He would come home  with a bag of chestnuts every Christmas  without fail. She was born  in a Dickens novel.  [ Laughter ] FLAY: Raw chestnuts  take awhile to roast, so I gave them some precooked,  as well. They have, like,  sort of a hazelnut taste. It's a little bit softer  in texture. If I were given this ingredient,  I would make stuffing. I think that's smart. I need to extract the most  flavor out of these chestnuts. So I'm making chestnut soup with pecans, mushrooms,  pomegranate, and apples. I start off with some leeks,  some onions, and then I add the precooked  chestnuts and chicken stock, and I let that simmer  before pureeing it. I'm a Jersey girl. And I knew at a young age that cooking was my destination. I do good, old-fashioned  American-style food that everybody relates to  and just kick it up a notch. I competed against Bobby Flay  on "Iron Chef," and we lost by one point. So I'm back  for some serious redemption. It's payback time, Bobby. Adil, I forgot  to say good luck. -You too.  -Not! [ Laughter ] ADIL: My strategy  is to use complex techniques, so I'm making  a chestnut spaghetti carbonara with a quail egg. Classic carbonara  is white wine, shallots, garlic, heavy cream,  and bacon, of course. But the chestnut  will replace the bacon. Next, I roast some tomatoes  just for color. Salt, pepper, olive oil.  In the oven. My background is French cooking,  French attitude. I went to Paris  to learn from the best. And then I came to the U.S.  to pursue my American dream. And today I own three successful  restaurants in New York City. We have been rated by Michelin  Guide, Zagat, New York Times -- You name it. But my next dream  is to beat you, Bobby. Watch out.  I'm coming for you. 16 minutes  and 19 seconds. I'm going in, guys. Ariane, I feel like you're already developing a lot of kind of holiday energy here with leeks and onions.  ARIANE: Ah. Being Italian, chestnuts  is big on Christmas. So, chestnut soup. It's all about the chestnut. What a great idea. I'm on a mission  to get that man. People from New Jersey  do not play. Exactly.  [ Laughter ] How are you, Chef? I'm making a pasta  carbonara-style with chestnuts. I sliced the cooked chestnuts,  put them in the sauce. Okay.  And then put the quail egg  at the end on top. Oh, wow. You seem very focused. Have you been eating raw quail eggs at home, thinking about beating Bobby?  Yes. Okay.  And you're excited? -Yes, very.  -Okay. Good chat. [ Applause ] How they doing? He is making  a carbonara-style pasta. Is that gonna have enough chestnuts in it?  I'm worried about that. He seems to be really excited  about quail eggs. I'm doing my carbonara  with a quail egg instead of an egg  from a chicken. I'm gonna keep the yolk raw  in the shell. It's a very French way  to make carbonara. She is making  the chestnut soup. It takes confidence  to go simple, make soup. And it has to be really good.  -Absolutely. I do get a little concerned  that soup is too simple, so I'm thinking texture  and garnishes. Apple for a little sweetness. I love pomegranate. And then I'm gonna sauté  oyster mushrooms with pecans just for that earthiness. -You guys doing okay?  -Good. -Making magic.  -10 minutes! There's not a lot of time,  so I put the pasta to cook, and then a touch of cream  to the sauce. I'm here to help. What are you making?  Spaghetti? With a sauce? Chestnut,  garlic, shallots. -Enough chestnuts in there?  -Uh... Don't sell the chestnuts short. They're the star of this. I'm a bit worried there's  not enough chestnut flavor. So I slice more  and put them in the sauce. -What are you making?  -Soup! Soup!  I do like soup. Oh, that's good.  It's hearty. He beat you on "Iron Chef"  by one point. Oh, oh, oh,  you don't have to tell me. Is there some hate  in your heart?  It's Christmas. Penn, how does it taste? There's a lot of hate  in this soup. [ Laughter ] Five minutes. A lot of hostility  in that soup. This is like "The Grinch  Who Stole Christmas." [ Laughter ] ARIANE:  There's three minutes left. I need to puree the soup. Who do you think has the actual skills to beat Bobby? I think either one of them  has the skill set. I think he's got the focus, and I think she has the handle  on the ingredient. As I'm blending it down, I realize  chestnuts are a dense nut. I can't even blend it. Her soup is very thick. I'm freaking out.  I need more stock. And hopefully,  that's gonna thin it out. ADIL: My sauce is amazing,  but the pasta is not done. Oh, my God.  -Pasta's not cooked. -Is the pasta cooked?  -Two minutes. -It's 1:44.  -That's a bad thing. That has to be it. The soup is still more  porridge-like than soup-like, but I need to plate,  I need to garnish, throw the nuts  and the mushrooms, pomegranates and apples. ADIL: I'm out of time,  so I toss it in the sauce. 10...  ADIL: I'm throwing things  on the plate. I hope the pasta is done. TOGETHER: 6, 5... ADIL:  I finish with the quail eggs. TOGETHER: 3, 2, 1. [ Bell dings,  cheers and applause ] ADIL: Time is up.  I see Ariane made a soup. That's the easiest way to go. And I know  I brought more techniques. Bobby, I'm here to beat you. Adil's dish  looks extremely creative. And nobody wants  to have a thick soup. So I am a little nervous. [ Bell dings ] Chefs, it's the holidays. We need Bobby to end the year  with some humility. It's all gonna come down  to what you did here to make the chestnut  the star of the dish. Ariane, tell us  what you made. ARIANE: I made a chestnut soup garnished with pecans, oyster mushroom,  pomegranate, apple. It's a little thick. It's a little  peanut-butter-y. She's using a knife on soup. [ Laughter ] But this soup  is super-balanced. For me, the oyster mushroom  and the leeks really bring the chestnut  to life. I love pomegranates, but there seems to be  too much of the garnish. I wish that you trusted  the soup more. It's really, really good.  -Thank you. Adil, what's this? That's a chestnut spaghetti  alla carbonara with a quail egg on top. I love the flavor  of the chestnuts with the acidity  of the white wine. The sauce is terrific. Yeah, especially  with the quail egg yolk. But I wish  I had a little bit more. And for me, the pasta  was a little undercooked. I feel very frustrated because I just needed  two minutes to finish my dish. [ Sighs ] ARIANE: If I don't get  that chance to beat Bobby Flay, then I probably will cry. And the chef that is gonna go  on to beat Bobby Flay is... ...Chef Ariane. [ Cheers and applause ] Even though the pasta  was undercooked, I brought  much more complexity today. But I hope  that Ariane can beat Bobby. Ariane, you made it impossible  to dodge the ingredient. I would just say  edit yourself. So, now  what I would like you to do is beat him  with his own frying pan. ARIANE: I plan on it. ♪♪ Ariane, how many times  did you dream about redemption for that little "Iron Chef" loss  that you had? Oh, oh. Ooh, just one point. That was painful. All right,  what are we cooking? So, my signature dish is... ...filet mignon. [ Cheers and applause ] A little holiday  filet mignon. Okay. To be fair, Alex and I cannot be  the judges for this round. Instead, three culinary experts  will do a blind taste test. You'll have 45 minutes to pull off the best  filet mignon you've ever made. And your time starts now! [ Cheers and applause ] Cook that food. Fillet -- What a great  ingredient for the holidays. That's a fancy ingredient. Who wants a ham  when you're having a steak? Oh, tomatilloes. -Sí.  -Interesting. I know his flavors  always kill it because I've already lost  to Bobby once before, but that ain't  gonna happen again. So I'm making fillet  with Béarnaise sauce, but I'm gonna finish it  with this French blue cheese, so it's just  absolutely decadent, and that's what the holidays  are all about. The best part about the fillet  is that it's really tender. It's very little fat,  so it could use some flavor. So that's really the chef's job. I'm gonna do  a New-Mexico-style Christmas. Filet mignon  with red and green chili sauces and a sweet potato  goat cheese taco. It's kind of fun  to take those ingredients, put it into a holiday spirit. How do you gussy it up,  though? My favorite way  to make a fillet is with peppercorn sauce  or, like, brown butter because the holidays  is about going for broke. Gluttony.  [ Laughs ] [ Cheers and applause ] First thing I do is,  I make the reduction of tarragon, vinegar,  wine, shallots for the Béarnaise sauce. And then I clarify my butter, which is when you separate the milk solids from the actual fat. She's got the foundation  of a classic Béarnaise sauce. Béarnaise is the cousin of hollandaise. It's that same  egg and butter base that you develop  for a hollandaise, and then tarragon  is what makes hollandaise turn into Béarnaise. FLAY:  So, for my green sauce, serrano chilies  will be for heat. Poblano chilies  will be for flavor. And the tomatilloes are gonna add a nice viscosity  to the sauce. For the red sauce, I'm gonna use  some ancho chilies, which are a little bit fruity,  and then some Guajillos, which are  a little bit more earthy, and just let them soften. Some chicken stock. Cooking with chilies -- That's a summer thing. What is this -- a barbecue? -Absolutely.  -Ridiculous. -[ Laughs ]  -Okay, I'm going in. [ Cheers and applause ] Ariane, you brought Team Jersey with you. [ Laughing ] Yeah. And they're subtle,  as usual. [ Laughs ]  [ Cheers and applause ] Béarnaise?  I can only assume. -Yeah.  -Oh, sorry. Shh. Don't --  Go over there. Roast your chilies.  -[ Laughs ] I think Béarnaise and potatoes  actually go great together. So I'm making roesti potato. A roesti potato is kind of like a big hash brown -- crispy on the outside,  tender on the inside. Mama wants you to win. I know. I know.  I know. I know. [ Cheers and applause ] The twist on my roesti is, I add  a little zucchini and onion to give it more flavor. Chilies and tomatilloes, eh? [ Laughter ] You back at the ranch? [ Laughter ] What is  the number-one question asked in the state  of New Mexico? "Does Bobby Flay make the best Southwestern food ever, except for now?" [ Cheers and applause ] Nope. I don't know.  What's the answer? "Would you like  red or green?" And if you have both,  what is it called? "I'll have it Christmas." That's right.  -Oh, my God. Red and green. [ Cheers and applause ] [ Laughter ] Bobby's all excited  about his idea -- Christmas and green and red,  blah, blah. [ Laughs ] I'm feeling very Scrooge-y  right now.  [ Laughter ] FLAY:  I portion out the fillets, season it with salt and pepper  on both sides, spice rub on one side, anto the cast-iron pan. So, I season  my steak generously. I have extra portions. Better safe than sorry. They both seem to be dealing  with the filet mignon in the same way -- searing  and finishing in the oven. How do you like it cooked? I like steak rare  on the way to medium-rare. It's important that you don't overcrowd the fillets in the pan because if you don't give them  enough room, it's gonna create steam. And I want to create crust. I'm getting ready to flip, but they're not getting  that even sear. She has an awful lot of filet mignon in one pan. It's sucking a lot of the heat  from there. Do we want to tell her? Yeah, you sure don't want too much meat in the pan when you're trying  to get a good sear. It's not a Jersey buffet  up in here. [ Laughs ] ARIANE: The clock is ticking, and now I'm, like,  babysitting these fillets. I'm freaking out a little bit. [ Bell dings ] Coming up on 20 minutes,  people. Oh, that fillet  looks so good. Yeah.  [ Cheers and applause ] I got a beautiful sear. In searing the filet mignon,  I add a little roasted garlic, and now I'm getting  that nice crunchy texture that I was looking for. Put them in the oven  so they cook to medium-rare. FLAY: The steaks have a really  good crust on the outside, and I'm gonna finish them  in the oven later. The red chilies  have been cooking for a while in some chicken stock,  honey, salt, and pepper. Now I pour them  into the blender. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go in there and taste that sauce. Hey, Bobby.  -What's up? What are you making? Filet mignon  New-Mexico-Christmas-style. I'm gonna make two sauces --  a red sauce and a green sauce. Anybody can do red and green  for Christmas. It's so done.  -[ Laughs ] JILLETTE: I want to try a little bit of this. That's the red chili sauce. I believe  his salsa is, uh... perfect. Ariane, this is a very Bobby Flay Christmas. Is that his next show? Yeah,  "Bobby Flay's Christmas." This is a big lump  of blue cheese. That is a French blue cheese  for my Béarnaise. Ooh.  Now you're talking. The egg yolks are the base  of the Béarnaise sauce. So you have to beat them  over a double boiler so they're really creamy. You know what she's doing? She is whisking the heck out of that Béarnaise. [ Laughter ] The most dcuart  of making Béarnaise is getting  that right consistency. So I pour clarified butter  in the egg yolk mixture, take it extremely slow  'cause it can break on you. If it separates, it could  just be a gooey, oily mess. Ariane, how does  your Béarnaise look? We're doing great.  We're doing great. The Béarnaise is a little thin. But you know what?  It's not broke. So I'm straining  the tarragon reduction, add it to the Béarnaise, and I'm gonna finish it  with this French blue cheese to give it that pungent flavor. And how's that backyard barbecue  coming, Bobby? Pretty good. FLAY: I like the idea  of sweet potatoes. It's a very classic green  for the holidays. I put them  in blue corn tortillas, fill it with goat cheese,  for the flavor and the Monterey Jack  so that it melts well. [ Cheers and applause ] Boo-yah! I flip my roesti potato. Then I wanted sautéed mushrooms because I'm thinking meat,  potatoes, and mushrooms -- You can't go wrong with that. 10 minutes!  You're both so screwed! Go, go! 10 minutes! Ariane, here's my worry. I'm not gonna lie to you.  -Yeah, tell me. See how it's steaming? When you say you're making a roesti, it means crispy. It means golden.  -I know! I love how when I tell you stuff, you go, "I know!" You get all Jersey on me.  [ Laughter ] I'm a little concerned  at this point. So I get the roesti  into a cast-iron pan so it holds more heat, and hopefully it gets crispy enough. Are you making, like, a little sandwich taco? FLAY: I'm making tacos  al carbon -- grilled tacos. When was the last time  you made these? -I don't know.  -Been a while? -Yeah.  -Thought so. And those are done --  the fillets?  Whoa. I almost forgot  to put my fillets in the oven. That could have been really bad. I just hope that there's time  for them to cook through. Time?  -5:01 left. Bobby's steak  just got in the oven. What am I doing? I think  he's behind the eight ball. So, the red sauce  is gonna bring some smokiness, and then the green sauce is really gonna pack  a little bit of spice. So, I want them to really  balance each other out. It's clever on paper  what Bobby's doing with this red salsa  and this green salsa. But is  it really gonna deliver? -Whoo!  -Uh-oh. That's hot. The green chili sauce  is too spicy. So I'm gonna chill it out  with some honey. Is it really three minutes? ARIANE: I pull the fillets out,  and I just do a little touch. Any good chef will know --  They're perfect. I'm gonna let them rest  a little bit and check on the roesti potato. Oh, no. Is that cake getting crispy over there? It's all crispy. Her potato roesti  might be a little bit burned. Now I'm concerned  it's a little too dark. But I have to start plating. FLAY:  So, I'm checking on my fillets, and they're not quite there. Bobby's running around.  Look at him. Running's a bad sign, Bobby. I want to get them under the broiler, try to get them cooked. One minute! Ariane, get the potato pancake  on the plate. ARIANE: I put the roesti down,  the fillet with roasted garlic, and now  just a little blue cheese. Béarnaise goes on top. Bobby, you gonna finish?  You gonna be able to do it? Oh, he'll do it. FLAY:  So, I taste my green sauce. [ Coughs ] A little spicy,  but I can't plate the red sauce without the green. It's Christmastime. Let's get it done! ARIANE: And then I'll finish it  with the maitake mushrooms. TOGETHER: 10, 9... FLAY: I put the sweet potato  tacos on the plate, and as I put the fillets down, I think  that they're perfectly cooked. TOGETHER: 3, 2, 1. [ Cheers and applause ] Good job. My dish is such a departure  from what Ariane did. So it's gonna come down to if they like chili peppers  or not, period. ARIANE: Even though the roesti  is too crispy, my dish is screaming,  "Happy holidays." But if I lose, I'll never think  of Christmas the same. [ Bell dings ] Ariane and Bobby, congratulations on two beautiful holiday dishes. But now it's time  to meet your judges. First up, the chef and partner at Porter House New York,  Michael Lomonaco. Best-selling cookbook author  Candice Kumai. And the chef-owner of Ilili,  Phillipe Massoud. [ Cheers and applause ] Judges, as you know,  this is a blind taste test, so please dig into the plate  in front of you. The fillet  was cooked perfectly. The sear is nice, and the inside is great temperature. Beautifully tender. The seasoning was right on, but the Béarnaise  could have been a bit thicker. I'm not really getting the blue cheese on this. I would liked a little bit more, especially for the holidays. Go wild.  [ Laughter ] KUMAI: The pancake was  undercooked on the inside and overcooked on the outside. That being said,  I think it's a bountiful dish. Very nice. If I can get you  just to switch your plates and taste the second one. The colors on the plate are a representation  of the holidays, which is really great. I love the red chili sauce. It has some great flavor  to it. But the green was fiery,  definitely.  Yes. I agree. They were  a little overpowering. I thought the beef portion  was a little small. You got to have enough. The taco element to the dish  was very clever. Sweet potatoes and goat cheese  are a marriage made in heaven. Overall, a fun dish. All right, judges,  it's that time where you must take a vote  and pick a winner. The judges do tell me that they  want more blue cheese in it, but Bobby's sauces  overpowered a little bit. So we're, like, neck and neck. And the winner is... ...Chef Ariane! [ Cheers and applause ] Good job.  [ Laughs ] This was  a tough, tough call because they were  really both beautiful dishes. And, Chef, you didn't skimp. You gave me a beautiful piece  of beef well cooked. You rocked it out.  That was a great dish. That means a lot.  Thank you. To actually beat Bobby Flay in his own kitchen one-on-one -- I'm proud. It means a lot. [ Voice breaking ]  It means a lot. And I don't like crying. Happy holidays, Bobby. Rot in hell. [ Laughs ]  Oh, my God. I'm Ariane Duarte,  and I just beat Bobby Flay! Whoo! [ Cheers and applause ]  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 