Beat Bobby Flay: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s1e4 - Fighting Irish - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Fighting Irish - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, first, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. Are you ready?! Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills  to beat me. Don't let us down, guys! Round 2 --  I go head-to-head 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. I didn't see that coming!  I didn't, either. Bottom line...  Ring his bell. ...everyone's out to beat me. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. You guys ready for a battle? I'm gonna introduce you  to two people. We're gonna pick  who I challenge today, and they love  to give me a hard time. Say hello to Giada De Laurentiis  and Mo Rocca. Hi!  How are you? So, this should be right  in your wheelhouse. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All you have to do is give me a hard time for the whole day. Why are you looking  just at me? Well, something tells me you're really gonna cherish this day. Absolutely not. Sort of. Giada knows how to push my  buttons. We're kind of like  brother and sister that way. Our goal, Bobby,  is to choose the person that we think  can take you down.  Right. Mo has judged me  on "Iron Chef." I've seen you win,  I've seen you lose, and I saw you tie. Let's hope  that it's not a tie today. Let's hope  it's a bloodbath.  Oh, wow! We're looking for someone  who can send you into therapy  for months. So we need to find the person  who can take you down. I'm just  speaking the truth. Bring 'em on.  Come on. I'm ready. Brian Young, the chef de cuisine at Post 390. Up next,  we've got Steven McHugh, and he is the owner  and executive chef of a restaurant named Cured  in San Antonio, Texas. Ooh, okay.  So we got  a Texas boy here. All right, good. So, you guys have  some pretty big titles, but to get the title over  me, first, you have to  go through each other. To make things interesting, I'm gonna give you  one single ingredient, and I want you guys to make  a star out of this ingredient. That ingredient is... sea scallops. Scallops can be tough.  They're easily overcooked. I work with scallops  all the time. I'm thinking I might be able  to actually pull this out. Giada and Mo, behind me --  They'll decide which one of you goes against me  in Round 2. You guys have 20 minutes.  Ready? Go. I love scallops -- They taste like the ocean, but they can be enhanced by lots of cool ingredients. I'll say  that I'm not a scallop fan. You're not a scallop fan? Because 90% of the time,  they aren't cooked properly. I like tender scallops with  a nice crust on the outside. Okay. I hate this word,  but there's no way around it. We need moist scallops. If one of them can convince me  that scallops are delicious, I think they  have a good chance against this man  right here. My dish is gonna  beat out Brian's because it's all  about comfort food. So, I'll make  a real quick spoonbread with a Brussels citrus slaw. Here comes Giada.  You ready to beat Bobby Flay? I'm ready. I certainly hope so. Doing a real quick  southern-style spoonbread. Spoonbread is a combination  of a bread and a pudding. It's the first thing I got  to get in the oven. And then the scallops -- What are you gonna do with them?  Gonna salt and pepper,  sear them, and accentuate their flavor  with a little citrus. It's not my favorite ingredient, so I certainly hope you're gonna change my mind. Good luck, Steven! 20 minutes  is really not a lot of time. I don't have time  to be fancy. I'm making a duck-fat-seared  scallop with pancetta, a little bit of pomegranates, and caramelized  Brussels sprouts. I love the pomegranate idea.  That's cool. Although, it looks  like a bloodbath on your board. Oh, not yet. You're both  using brussels sprouts. I think  that's kind of interesting. Great minds think alike,  I suppose. Well, let's hope one of them's  greater than the other. I think Giada's awesome, but I wish she would just let me cook. They both are very secure  about what they're making. Yeah. Brian's extremely tall. What does that  have anything to do with -- Just making a note. Brian, how tall are you? 6'7", chef. 6'7"!  Whoa, whoa! Brian looks like a  guy in a rockabilly band  or something, you know? Very serious,  but can he cook? I fell in love  with cooking while I was on tour  with my band. The rock 'n' roll life  fizzled out, so I enrolled  in culinary school. A few of my professors  didn't take me seriously. So, I had a little bit of the leftover rock-'n'-roll attitude, lots of tattoos,  and what they didn't know was that I paid  for culinary school myself, and eventually, I really devoted  myself entirely to cooking. And I am the chef de cuisine of  Post 390 restaurant in Boston. Beating Bobby Flay  would be validating. Even though I look like a rebel,  my food is solid. Steven is very in control. He's making a spoonbread.  A spoonbread in 20 minutes? I really feel  like he might have a shot at actually  taking you down! Yeah, oh, for sure. In 2010,  I was diagnosed with lymphoma and did eight rounds of chemo,  but I survived cancer. And I always wanted  to open a restaurant, and that's  where Cured came from. Cured was this mix of my love  of charcuterie, and it was this new lease  on life. I'm a fighter. I've come a long way from living  in New Orleans, learning how to become a chef, and now using great products  in Texas. I think this proves  that I've got what it  takes to take on Bobby. If I beat cancer, I definitely  can beat Bobby Flay. So, how are you  handling your scallops? Very carefully. Very carefully.  Okay, that's good. Mo, don't distract him!  He's got like five minutes! All right, sorry. Now, I'm trying to figure out  what this is going to become. You and me both,  man. I'm inventing  this recipe as I go along. It's a lot of pressure. I just don't want to  end up one of those guys who doesn't get my food  on the plate. A scallop fell under there.  That's sad  for the scallop. 20 minutes  is not a long time to cook. Especially when somebody's  on your back. Brian  has made this mixture of brussels sprouts  and pomegranate. I love that combination. Steven has not started cooking the scallops yet with less than three minutes to go. Steven,  cook those scallops! Time is definitely  going by fast. I got to be real careful  not to burn them. Brian, you just  cook your scallops? I'm cooking them  right now, Giada. I think that was called "Back off, Giada." Brian, I like you so much more already. One minute to go. He's got it,  he's got it. The plating begins! It's remarkable  how quiet they are. It's, you know,  kind of a big deal. Yeah, do you want to be on half the show or the whole show? Right.  Brian's not gonna make it. 20 seconds! Come on!  Let's go, let's go! 10, 9, 8... 7, 6... 5, 4, 3, 2... 1... Looking at Brian's dish, I see some classic preparations. I'm hoping I didn't  over-think my dish too much. I don't have time to get  my pomegranates onto the plate. I feel like I'm serving a dish  that's not done. Chefs, we're looking to see which one of you made the scallops shine and which one is a real contender in this. Steven, could you tell me  about your dish? It's seared scallops,  tarragon spoonbread, and a brussels sprout slaw. Were you afraid  of rubbery scallops? Oh, yeah,  definitely. Because the scallops might be  a hair on the undercooked side. But I like this salad  on top of it. Very much. I think the spoonbread  is a little bit under-seasoned. I would've put some more flavor in it because I miss the sweetness. So, Brian, can you tell us a little bit about your dish? Duck-fat-pan-seared  scallops with some caramelized  Brussels sprouts and pancetta. What happened to the pomegranates? I ran out of time  right there at the end. I'm pretty pissed off  about it. I feel like I served  an incomplete dish. I'm really scared. The scallops are nice and tender -- well-cooked. The brussels sprouts and the pancetta work really well together. I do miss a little bit --  the pomegranate... Yeah.  ...because  of the acidity. Steven has punched cancer  right in the face, so battling me  is gonna be nothing for him. And then I love that Brian just  gave it right back to Giada. Not many people do that. Who's it gonna be? The person who  has the best chance of beating you,  Bobby, is... Brian. Thank you. I disagree  with the judge's decision, but I am proud of the  fact that I'm a chef that  likes to take chances. So I may not  have beat Bobby, but you haven't  seen the last of me yet. Brian, we hope that you  bring the same confidence to your face-off  with Bobby. You use whatever  advantage you have. It could be  your height advantage. Sabotage, Brian! Make it happen! I just want to know what  we're cooking. All right, Brian, so,  you got through Round 1, but now you got me --  How do you feel about that? I feel pretty  confident.  Okay. I can just tell you  right now, if you forget your pomegranates  this time, you got no shot. What are we cooking? My signature dish is bangers and mash. Bangers and mash?! Have fun with that. Basically,  sausages and potatoes?  Basically. It sounds really simple,  except, you know, you have  to really elevate this. So, we're gonna stick around and watch, but we're actually not the judges this time. For fairness, we're bringing in three experts for a blind taste test. Brian,  your bangers and mash have got to  be head-bangingly good for beating Bobby Flay. Are you ready?!  I'm ready. Yeah, Bobby! I have one person  in the audience. Thank you. You'll have 45 minutes to cook the best bangers  and mash you ever had. The time starts now. Go, go, go! My signature dish  is gonna take Bobby Flay out because he has not done this  as many times as I have, so I'm feeling confident. Brian hasn't smiled,  I think, once the entire  time he's in the kitchen, so I know that he means  business, but I'm ready. I need a Band-Aid.  Oh, no! A minute  and a half in. Aye-aye-aye-aye-aye! I haven't cut myself  on "Iron Chef" in 10 years. Boom, there it goes, with a potato peeler  of all things. When I think of bangers  and mash, I think of sausage and I think  of mashed potatoes. Yes, correct. It's a hearty  British dish.  But can be extremely flavorful. Hey, Brian, what you got on your board over there? Venison, pork fatback. I'm gonna make fresh sausages  out of this. Venison is deer, so the fatback  is gonna help the venison... Yes.  ...remain tender. And flavorful. I'm trying  to do an unconventional spin on a very pedestrian dish. I'm making venison bangers  with parsnip mash, cacao nib,  pistachio, and coffee gravy. I want to know why this  is in your wheelhouse. At my restaurant, I do a lot of fresh sausages, sort of comfort food with an upscale twist. Did you just think you  would trip him up?  A little bit. This dish, Bobby,  is calculated 'cause he knew it'd  kind of throw you off a bit. Okay, I'm always up  to a new challenge. Great. He wants to throw  me off? That's what he's  supposed to be doing. I don't want to always cook the things that I'm used to cooking. It actually makes me  focus even more. Do you ever  make bangers and mash?  No. Let's face facts, okay? Bangers and mash -- It's sausages and potatoes.  Yeah. It's in my roots.  Let's go to Ireland. And, so, what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna make crépinettes. It's like a European-style sausage. They're gonna be patties as opposed to a long sausage. Sausages and potatoes --  I was born with those skills. But there's lots to do here. I had to grind the pork first. I want to make a kale pesto  to go into the mashed potatoes and shallot gravy  with whole-grain mustard and some dark Irish stout  to really give it that  rich, stout flavor. So, whose  is more British?  Neither. Like, Brian is doing  the one that's even more  non-traditional, right? Yes, he's not  using potatoes, which are traditionally what you think of when you think of bangers and mash. What the hell's he using?  Parsnip. Is Bobby using potatoes?  Yes. Am I -- Am I what? You're using potatoes? Potatoes? It's bangers and mash, isn't it? He's not.  Brian's not. He's using parsnips. Parsnips go great  with venison. My style of cooking is based a  lot in farm-to-table technique. Did we pick  the right guy here? I'm a little nervous. I would've gone way  more traditional, but I do think that he's rattled Bobby a tiny bit. Bobby is wrapping  something up. Pork shoulder, pork fat, fennel,  Calabrian chili peppers. So you're going  slightly Italian? Well,  I love Calabrian chilies. I'm gonna get some flavor  into this. Me, too! Calabrian chilies --  It's becoming my go-to chili. It got some heat. Bobby is trying to beat Brian  at his own game by using pork. Oh, my God!  That pot!  Whoa! Oh, my --  What?  It's just a pot. You're rattled! You're cutting yourself! It's okay that he's a foot  and a half taller than you are. It is a little intimidating,  I have to admit. In terms of technique, do you think Brian has what it takes? Brian seems  very confident. He's --  Ow!  I need a medic. Did you cut yourself again?! Yes.  Wow! Is that clock fast?  I'm feeling pretty exhausted. I haven't been able to look up  once to see what Brian's done. I know this is his  signature dish, so he's  probably on cruise control. I can hear Bobby banging around. I'm thinking I might  throw Bobby Flay off, and I'm pretty excited  about it. You guys have 25 minutes! Do you see the intensity on Bobby's face when he's cooking? And Brian  doesn't do that.  Now, I don't know  if that's because Bobby is gonna have a richer,  more textured bangers and mash, or if it's  that he's rattled. What I learned from Round 1 is, I really need to make sure that  everything gets on the plate. Getting Bobby Flay  outside his wheelhouse is  making him rush around. I think that that's  gonna give me the upper hand. Smells good. Hey, dude,  you got 21 minutes. Do you think you can do this thing and cook those suckers? I'm trying. You really got to. Bobby, what are you doing? I'm making a kale-and-scallion pesto, shallot gravy with some --  some dark stout. Gonna add some whole-grain mustard. Whoo!  That's good! I'm running.  I just have lots of components. It creates energy for  me, and hopefully the  energy gets into my food. He's giving us a show! Bobby, did you just add mascarpone to your potatoes? Yes. I thought you said you were  making an Irish dish? Nobody has to know what's in  here. All they have to do is  taste it and think it's good. That's all. Yeah, Bobby! If you're gonna compete  in an arena like this, you need to come up  with some surprises, 'cause if you just give somebody a pedestrian dish, it's just a pedestrian dish. Thanks for  coming, Giada. Yeah, let's see what you  got, my friend. I know, I know. Oh, my God. It's amazing how fast the time  is coming off the clock, but I'm confident. I need to get my parsnips  sweating with some onions, cacao nib, and coffee beans. The cacao nib lends richness. It really gives a complete  flavor profile to a parsnip. Do you have a sauce? I'm making one in a pan. What are you making?  Quick gravy. A quick gravy?  Oh, no, Brian. Come on, buddy. You got to have more than that  if you're gonna take him down. Giada is barraging me. I don't  have time to talk right now. Brian's very cryptic. You know,  chefs get that way. Sometimes, they get very  in the groove of what they're doing  in that moment. For the gravy, I have to reduce  a little bit of water, coffee, add a little bit of cream,  and then reduce it again. Venison and coffee  go together like crazy. It's delicious, and I'm excited  for the judges to taste it. The stakes  are so high for him. This is a chance  to really show that he's  at the Bobby Flay level. If Brian really wanted  to defeat Bobby, he would've  chosen a dish where all the ingredients  were on the top shelf. Five minutes left!  Five minutes! Somebody  speed up the clock? Panic is starting  to happen here. I don't have time to get the air  bubbles out of the sausage. Air bubbles are a bad thing because it allows the fat  to separate from the meat. I hope it turns out okay. Bobby's seasoning, seasoning, seasoning. How does it taste?  Are you happy with it?  Not yet. Time is dwindling down. I even think the crowd's  getting nervous of me, 'cause I look up at them,  and they look worried,  so I'm like, "Oh, man." Bobby, do you need one of those little headbands? We don't want any sweat in the food or anything. I'm gonna get you. I love Giada,  she's like my sister,  but can I just cook? Like a little burger. What'd you put on top, sir? A little Irish cheddar --  Representing Ireland, baby. A few Italian ingredients,  as well.  For good measure. - Let's go, let's go! - Coming. Brian, start plating. You got three minutes. Let's go. I pulled the sausage  out of the poaching liquid. It just doesn't  really feel quite done. I don't have time to let it rest. The clock is running down. I just need to go. The sausage has actually broken. I did not mix the fat  in well enough, and the juices  sort of spilled out. This isn't how I wanted  to portray myself as a chef. All of the flavor went out on the board. I'm a little nervous. One minute!  Finish it up! Brian, you didn't finish last time, so let's not make that mistake again! Aah-ah! 15 seconds! I need 20 more! I'm feeling pretty exhausted. 10, 9... I'm just  hoping I get this done. 7, 6, 5... 4, 3, 2... 1... Good job, dude. Bobby's finished dish  is really good. My confidence level  has really dropped. Nice job!  Nice going! - Now that my plates are done -- - I mean, I like all the flavors, so let's just see  if the judges do. That was insanity. I mean,  it was just totally nuts. Oh, bangers and mash. Bobby, Brian, please say hello to your judges. It's good to be here. And next, we have chef  and entrepreneur Madison Cowan. And lastly, we have the  Vice-President of Operations for the Marcus Samuelsson Group,  Nils Noren. Judges, as you know,  this is a blind taste test. Please start with the plate  that's right in front of you. Obviously, bangers are usually not patties, but I love the sear. I love the fat-to-meat ratio. I think the good thing  is, it's got that crispy  texture, crunch to it. I will say,  the mash is bang-on. Nils,  what do you think? One thing that I don't  particularly like is this much spice, and I would appreciate  maybe chopped-up parsley. When it's like this,  it becomes a little stringy. Let's move on  to the next one. What I really liked about this particular plate of food -- the crunch  of the pistachios, and I also like the coffee sauce. I could actually eat the coffee sauce on a lot of things. I actually didn't  fancy the coffee sauce. But this venison sausage didn't have enough fat in it. I think the flavor  of the venison was good. If he could put some fat  in there, it would be great.  Yeah. I was really impressed with  this one because it had sort  of, like, a crispy casing. How about the parsnip? I liked the sweetness  of the parsnip in there. Gentlemen,  take a moment. There's a card  in front of you. Determine the winner simply  by choosing the best dish. It's pretty excruciating  to just stand up there and wait for them, but I'm feeling  like I put it all out there. Maybe I could  actually beat Bobby Flay. I'm waking them up a little bit  with some of that heat. I think it's important to  push the envelope a little bit. I could definitely lose.  His dish looked great. I believe the gentlemen  have reached a decision, and the winner is... Bobby Flay. I was really impressed with  this one because, for me, I  mean, it's all about flavor, and I think this particular  dish -- It had less of. This experience was awesome. I probably was a little bit  too ambitious, but I put it all out there, and at the end of the day,  I feel pretty good. Brian tried to throw me off, and  I think he threw himself off. I love the idea  of venison sausage, but I think it just kind of  worked against him in the end. Well played, Chef Flay.  Well played. And, so, Bobby Flay  lives to cook another day. Our one job today  was to beat Bobby Flay. We failed. All you need to do  is put a little Irish  cheddar on anything, and it's always a winner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 