Beat Bobby Flay: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s3e3 - Gobbled Up - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 3, Episode 3 - Gobbled Up - full transcript 
 A Thanksgiving battle features Geoffrey Zakarian and Chrissy Teigen deciding between master chef Julieta Ballesteros and farm-raised chef Kat Ploszaj for the chance to take on Bobby Flay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders have  to go through each other first using an ingredient  of my choice. Let the games begin! Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills  to beat me. He's gonna smoke you. Turn up the heat! Round 2 -- I go head-to-head  with the winning contender. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. That's what  you brought here?! I'm excited. Bottom line --  everyone's out to beat me. Now I'm nervous. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. In the spirit of the holiday, I'm so glad that you guys  are here to root me on. Besides sitting down to the big  feast on Thanksgiving, one of my favorite things to do  is to watch the big game, and here to referee  the festivities tonight... ...is chef Geoffrey Zakarian  and Chrissy Teigen. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Geoffrey, I see that you brought  your "A" game. I did. Your clothing -- I mean, seriously. Look how dapper he is. Thank you for making him raise his game just by your presence. Listen.  I had to bring the expertise. He brought the fashion. Geoffrey Zakarian is  one of the judges on "Chopped." He still has not got me beat, but he feels confident this time  that he's gonna do that. So we'll see what happens. Pretty soon you're gonna have to put the apron on yourself and meet me over there. Anytime.  Anytime. I got to say, I am friends with Michael Symon, and he actually gave me many  tips on how to take you down. So I'm very excited. Chrissy Teigen  is a very famous model with a very famous food blog, and she comes to my restaurants  all the time, so she knows how to get me beat. All right, who are you guys bringing to the table tonight? We got some serious chefs. Our first contender is executive chef of Crema  in New York City. Meet Julieta Ballesteros. Our next contender brings her Polish roots  to New York City. She's the executive chef  and co-owner of Petit Oven in Brooklyn, New York --  Kat Ploszaj. All right, guys. Thanksgiving  is around the corner, and you'll have 20 minutes  to make one of my favorite  Thanksgiving ingredients the star of your dish. And that ingredient is...  cranberries. You always see cranberries  on Thanksgiving. The intimidating thing is making the cranberries  the star of the dish. Cranberries have  this tangy flavor, so you can add some spice. I'm ready to go. Geoffrey and Chrissy behind me,  they are really looking forward to tasting your dish  and deciding which one of you  will take me on. You guys ready? Fresh cranberries, 20 minutes,  Happy Thanksgiving. Go. When you look at a cranberry,  they're so deep red that people think they're sweet  right away. They need a lot of sugar 'cause they're so tart. We have massive  Thanksgiving dinners, and I do  all the cooking for it, and I've tried to do  this cranberry sauce, but they want the canned. Like The first thing  people think about when they think about  Thanksgiving obviously is turkey,  but I only have 20 minutes, so cheese and fruit for me  is very natural, and I want to make  a three cheese croquette with a ginger-cranberry-merlot  jam and an arugula salad. How you doing? Good. What are you making? So I'm doing like a cheese fritter. Cheese?  Cheese and cranberry. Cheese?  Wow. So you're just deglazing  cranberries in red wine? Yeah. Liquor always gets  applause here. Even though I'm Polish, I feel like cheese and wine represents  my French cooking background. I grew up in Poland  when it was still communist. We grew all of our food  on a farm because it was a necessity. It really made me appreciate  where food comes from. We moved to the U.S.  when I was 9 years old, and I started cooking because my  mother was always working. As I got older, I realized that this is really  what I love to do. So I decided to go  to French Culinary Institute. My mother passed away  in February from cancer, and she always wanted me  to stay focused, and I want to use  this opportunity to show that hard work and discipline  really does pay off. I'm bringing everything I got  today, so watch out, Bobby. This cheerleading section --  love it. What are you doing? I'm gonna do  some salted shrimp with some cranberry sauce  with a touch of jalapeño, a little bit of agave nectar. Wow.  So a sweet-and-sour shrimp. Of course. Here I have my oranges,  my cranberries. They're ready to go. Leave her alone, Geoffrey. She only has 15 minutes to go. You're in trouble. Today I want to bring my style to the traditional  Thanksgiving dinner. Growing up in Mexico,  I was always in the kitchen. My dream was to come to New York  and open my own restaurant. I have dedicated  all of these years to making refined  Mexican cuisine. I want to show people that modern Mexican cuisine  is like art. I know  that I can beat Bobby Flay because the flavors of Mexico  are in my blood. 10 minutes to go,  you guys. I know I have to move faster  with these croquettes. Fontina is  a great melting cheese. The Gruyère is for saltiness, and the goat  is a little bit of tanginess. Then I add in  a couple eggs, panko, and then just a touch of flour  just to bind it together, and get them into the fryer. 20 minutes goes so quickly. For my shrimp, I grab ancho chili powder,  olive oil, fresh lime. Smells fantastic.  Crazy. They're coming at it with a completely different style. Question is, is the cranberry the star of the dish? I want to make sure  that I get the cranberries into this dish  as much as possible, so I grabbed some dried  cranberries for the salad, and then I see hazelnuts, and I throw them  under the Salamander just to toast them a little bit  to add a little texture. 5 minutes to go. Hot over here. I don't know how you're doing this. You're not even breaking a sweat. You're crazy. Oh, I love heat.  I'm from Mexico. My reduction is almost done, so half of the sauce  is gonna go into the blender, and I'm gonna add  some mascarpone cheese to make like a creamy sauce to complement my shrimp  and my cranberry sauce. 3 minutes.  3 minutes! Whoo! I'm tasting  my cranberry merlot jam, and the flavors  are not there yet. I have to add  a little more sugar just to get a balance  of acidity and sweetness. I have the pine nuts  on the fryer to bring a crunchy texture  on top of the dish. Less than a minute to go,  you guys. Such a small amount  of time.  I know. Finally the flavors are there. I can get all the ingredients  on the plate. The crowd is screaming. Last 30 seconds,  I'm pulling the shrimp, and I'm burning my hands. I'm just doing everything I can  to get it on the plate. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. I definitely have  all the elements to win. I see Julieta's dish, and I'm a little worried  that I didn't go far enough. Chrissy and myself  have the pleasure of picking the best chef  to go up against Mr. Flay. In the spirit  of Thanksgiving, your ingredient today  was fresh cranberries. So let's see  who made it the star. Kat,  tell us what you made. I made a three cheese croquette  with a cranberry merlot jam and a little salad with dried  cranberries and hazelnuts. I like what you've done  to the cranberries in that you've done two kinds --  the dried and the reduction. And they're actually equally delicious in both items. I think the best part  of this dish, the cheese ball,  is delicious. I think the cranberries,  they do shine, but I wish it was  a bit more forward. I mean, you have a cheese ball on your plate. You can't ask for much more than that. One thing I don't quite get is the hazelnut thing. They don't really offer  anything amazing, but it's a delicious dish,  so thank you. So, Julieta,  what did you make? I made shrimp  with cranberry two ways -- one with mascarpone and the other one  with reduced agave nectar. The shrimp  are cooked perfectly, and I love having  the protein here 'cause I think  it's very necessary. The flavors you put --  chili, agave -- it needs a protein  to latch onto. The shrimp didn't quite stand out as much to me, but the sauce is actually the most fantastic part of this dish. It's very, very well done. But I would have liked  way more spice in this 'cause I think the agave  is very sweet. It needs something else  to sort of balance it. The judges,  if they want more spicy, on the second round --  Oh, my God. I can give them  a lot more spicy. I'm feeling really confident, but I hope the cranberry  is the star of the dish. This is really tough.  You both did a really good job. At the end,  it really came down to who had  the most technical skill. The chef that Geoffrey and I  have chosen is... Chef Kat. I'm shocked. I feel like I really made  the cranberries stand out. Even if I have to do it again, I wouldn't change anything  from my dish. We felt that this dish  had a lot of technical skill, so don't cook any differently, and make sure  all the flavors stand out. It's on. Kat, congratulations. You made it  through Round 1. Thank you. What's your signature dish?  What are we cooking? My signature dish is... Duck à l'Orange. Whoa! In 45 minutes? Yeah. Duck à l'Orange,  this is a classic French dish. It consists of duck whole-roasted  in an orange sauce. I'm gonna have to go back to my French Culinary Institute roots. In some ways, it kind of has  a little Thanksgiving spirit. I mean, a French Thanksgiving,  of course. So, chefs,  for fairness' sake, we have to bring in  three other judges to do a blind taste test. So your 45 minutes  starts... right now. Yeah!  Let's go, Kat! Kat, Kat, Kat,  Kat, Kat, Kat, Kat! I'm going head-to-head  with Bobby Flay, and I'm ready to take him down. I cook duck every day, so he has no idea  what I have in store for him. I haven't made this dish  for a very long time, but the key to this is gonna be  the orange gastrique, which is orange juice, sugar,  Chardonnay, vinegar. I'm gonna use some fresh ginger,  some garlic, which is gonna give it  this sweet-and-sour component. And I let that cook for a while so that all the flavors  kind of melt together. Duck à l'Orange traditionally  is cooked whole. The fat has to be rendered,  and what you do is you have to baste the duck  throughout the cooking. So that's why it was so surprising for us to see a dish like this because it takes a long time. Exactly. My take on the Duck à l'Orange  is a crispy duck breast with orange gastrique. So I start to reduce  orange juice and sugar. Kat, it looks like  she's rendering pancetta, and she's using  her cabbage. Cabbage for me is my jam. I'm rendering down pancetta because I also want to make  braised cabbage in the pork fat with onion and garlic. I love this cabbage.  That's not Duck à l'Orange. Ah! I've got some tricks  up my sleeve, because in Poland we eat cabbage  with practically everything, and then I want to make purple  potatoes and candied kumquats because there's always  some sort of potatoes at my Thanksgiving table, and the candied kumquats  are gonna complement the gastrique  really well. So you're not worried about  the duck getting on in time to get it nice and crispy  on the skin? I've done it  so many times. Oh, excuse me. I like that. Mr. Flay.  What do you want? What is that over here? That is Duck Confit. There was Duck Confit legs  in the pantry. It's already cooked.  It just needs to be reheated. You salt it, and then it's  cooked in its own fat over very, very low heat  for a few hours. Duck Confit? Did you just make that? Yes. So, Duck à l'Orange -- classically it's duck  whole-roasted. So I'm using duck breast  and Duck Confit legs 'cause I like the idea of using  both parts of the duck. The breast is gonna be cooked  medium rare and then the Confit legs  really need crispy skin. Little of that, little of this, little of this, little of that. Badda-bing, badda-bung. Spoken like  a true iron chef. I'm gonna  leave you alone. Bobby's going  very traditional. He's cooking it  really slow. What I love  is what Kat's doing. She threw in cabbage  and pancetta -- very unusual, but Duck à l'Orange  is all about the gastrique, the gastrique being  the sweet-and-sour sauce. I'm curious to see  how they do that. I'm trying to do  a different spin. With the flavors  of the gastrique, I want to hit it  with some pink peppercorns for a little bit of spiciness, and vodka is gonna give it  another level of bright flavor. Kat is being very,  very aggressive. So, Kat, it looks like she's making a four-course meal. I'm just focused on my duck. To get the skin crisp,  you have to go slow, not quick. 30 minutes! 15 minutes is already gone, but I don't have my duck on yet, so I score the duck breasts  so the fat renders quicker, and I season it  with smoked salt, black pepper, and caraway, and then I get it onto a low pan and start to render the fat. Duck's tricky to cook with --  can't really rush it. I'm starting to get  a little bit nervous now. I really don't have  a lot of time. Less than 25 minutes,  everybody. Come on, Kat! I'm taking a huge risk doing  Duck à l'Orange in 45 minutes because I have to make sure  that there's enough time for my duck to cook and rest. There's no way in hell I'm gonna go home and just make duck. Duck à l'Orange  classically -- it should be always cooked  about medium, medium rare, so it's always fat-side down,  rendering the skin slow. Getting there, getting there. What Bobby is doing  is really important. He's putting it on,  taking it off, trying to get some of that fat  out of it. Halfway done. I'm taking the fat  that's rendering off of the duck breast, and then  I'm adding two duck legs. I'm just reinforcing the flavor  throughout the dish. I see Kat has kumquats --  very unusual. They're fantastic. For my candied kumquats, I want to use  the SousVide machine because it controls  the temperature of whatever you're cooking  and cooks it a little slower. I want to poach the kumquats  with some orange juice, some basil,  a little bit of thyme just to soften the kumquats,  and then we caramelize them. All right, chefs.  I'm coming in. What's going on?  Cooking some duck, miss. This is duck legs,  so it gets nice and crispy. That looks beautiful. I got some duck breasts here that I'm rendering the fat  very slowly. I have my  à l'Orange sauce here, and because it's Thanksgiving, I'm gonna add a little cranberry and kumquat relish,  as well. Did you see her using kumquats, and now, all of a sudden, you had the great idea  to use kumquat? I think it's crazy  that we're both using kumquats, but I'm not really surprised 'cause it's in  the citrus family. They're baby tart oranges  in a way. And it's gonna bring some nice  acidity to my relish. How are you using  the kumquats? 'Cause Bobby has kumquats  over there, too, 'cause he copied you. Ooh! Right here  we're circulating with some basil and herbs and spices. It looks fantastic. Thank you. I'm really not worried.  This is my signature dish. This is something that I've been  cooking for years. It's gonna be great. So they're both using kumquats in two very different ways. I take the kumquats out,  slice them nice and thin, and then I add a little sugar because I want to caramelize  them with a blowtorch, to candy the top of them. Bobby's a little scared. He's  looking at what she's doing. I like that. Obviously Kat has  so much confidence because this is one of the best-selling menu items at her restaurant, so I'm confident in her. 12 1/2 minutes, guys. There's a lot to do to  make sure that the orange sauce has the right balance  of sweet and sour. So I'm just adjusting  as I'm going along -- a little fresh lime juice. I also added a habanero chili  in there just to give it  a little fruity spice. This is a classic French dish, and classic French dishes  have a lot of butter. Hey, Bobby, is that a gastrique  or a butter sauce? Anytime you want to take your  jacket off, come on over here. Less than 10 minutes left  on the clock, and everything is perfect  with the gastrique, and I have the cabbage  cooked down. So I add some beans just to make  it a little heartier. And I want to put  the duck breast in the oven  for a couple minutes just to cook it through  a little more. I've got the purple potatoes cooked  to the perfect tenderness, and I want to fry them  in the duck fat and get them nice and crispy. Yeah, girl! 5 minutes, chefs.  5 minutes. I have the leg crispy  on the outside, cooked through on the inside. The duck breasts look great. The skin is nice and crispy,  so I just want to finish in the oven for a few minutes. I take my duck out of the oven, and a couple of the pieces  are a little too rare, so I throw them  under the Salamander, but I really, really want  to keep a close eye on them, and I'm just trying to get the perfect  medium-rare temperature. No matter how much time we give, they use every second! When I pull it out,  the duck breasts look great. The skin is nice and crispy, but the skin on my duck legs  got a little dark. Oh, that looks overcooked  to me. Uh-oh. I have good flavor  in my orange sauce, so I just hope that the duck  legs being overcooked doesn't put me over the edge. See what happens. Coming up on 1 minute. Any final touches, you got to do it now. Less than a minute left, I start with  the braised cabbage, a little bit  of the orange gastrique. I get my duck.  The skin is nice and crispy. It's perfect medium-rare.  I'm very happy. And I finish it off  with duck-fried potatoes and candied kumquats. I'm getting  all my components done, getting it sliced,  getting it on the plate, and, of course, the cranberry  and kumquat relish. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Yay! Time's up. I look over at Bobby's dish, and I think the duck looks  a little overcooked, but my duck is cooked perfectly. Looks beautiful. Thank you. Kat's duck looks delicious, but I hope my classic  French technique gives me a dish  good enough to win today. First of all,  I want to congratulate Bobby and Kat  for an amazing two dishes. I'd like you to meet  your judges today. First up, chef and owner of New York City's Tertulia,  Seamus Mullen. Next we have the executive chef  of Juni in New York, Shaun Hergatt. And finally, cookbook author of "Leite's Culinaria,"  David Leite. In the spirit of Thanksgiving, today both chefs have prepared  Duck à l'Orange. Judges, as a reminder,  this is a blind taste test. Please dig in to the first plate  in front of you. I think one of the things that I like most about this dish is that it really captures that hearty essence of Thanksgiving. The meat is cooked  really well. The doneness of the duck breast  is perfect. And it's well-seasoned  on the skin, but I'd like a little more seasoning on the eye of the meat. I enjoy the potatoes, but then the flavor profile  of the duck breast is a little too sweet. I wish that the potatoes  were a little bit more crispy. There's a lot of flavor  going on. It just doesn't have all the high and low notes that I want it to have. Definitely a little sweet  for my palate. All right, judges.  Please try your next dish. What I really love here  is that we're using more than one cut of meat  from the duck. The cranberries  are excellent. I'm excited about the  cranberries and the kumquats and all of those fantastic  fall flavors. But then, in my mind,  the duck leg is well done, which, for me, is something  that I prefer to eat at medium. The sear on the breast  is excellent. I agree with David. The technique is well-executed. The flavor profile  is very vibrant. It's really,  really remarkable. All right, judges.  It's time to take a vote. Here you are. I'm feeling really confident. The judges really like  the way the duck's cooked, and I think mine  is the winning dish. I feel like the judges liked the Thanksgiving element  on my dish, but Kat's duck breast  is cooked perfectly. So we'll see which dish  they think is the best. All right, guys. It is not a unanimous vote. The winner is... ...Bobby Flay. I feel like I should have won. I'm disappointed, but I'm happy  that I got to do it. Very proud of yourself,  aren't we? No, I thought I was gonna  definitely lose. This really,  truly was a hard decision, but I chose this dish for me 'cause I like balancing the tart  and the sweet and spicy. That is what did it  for me. Bobby didn't ruin  my Thanksgiving. Nobody ruins  my Thanksgiving. No, no. It's not possible. No. I'm a little depressed,  but I'll get over it. Kat put up some great dishes, but I know what I'm thankful  for... pulling off this win  with an old classic. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 