Beat Bobby Flay: Season 11, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s11e5 - The Grid Iron Chef - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 11, Episode 5 - The Grid Iron Chef - full transcript 
 Chef Lee Chizmar and Todd Mark Miller compete to see who will take on Bobby Flay; mentors Josh Capon and Alex Guarnaschelli. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. I want to beat you,  Bobby. I want to send you  into retirement. - What?!  -Ooh. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. I got to go through  two old guys today. Take it easy! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills to beat me. Yeah! Round 2 --  I go head-to-head with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. I want to take you down. - Something's burning.  -Oh. You should be nervous,  bro. What is wrong with you?! Don't call it a comeback. Everyone's out to beat me. Let's get it on. All right, guys. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who's got their  game face on tonight? Here to hit me with  everything they've got, fellow chefs Alex Guarnaschelli  and Josh Capon. - That hurt.  -Gonna pull out my back. Yeah!  Whoo! Game day! Game day! You had such a good time beating me the first time, you brought Capon back? We are undefeated  in this house -- undefeated. Just gives me something to strive for for game day. Not today! The Jackie Gleason  of the food world. Game day's one of my  favorite days of the year. Is it? What kind of stuff do you do? We do the traditional stuff,  like the wings and all that kind of stuff.  -Mac and cheese? Obviously, there's  some bacon involved. I like a big,  old sloppy bowl of nachos. I want to wear a smock  and just eat. All right, who do you guys got tonight? Our first contender  is the culinary MVP in Lehigh Valley. Please welcome Lee Chizmar. - Yeah!  -Oh, I like the Heisman. A little Heisman.  Yeah, Lee. Our next contender  is here for the ring. Make some noise  for Chef Todd Mark Miller. Throwing  touchdown passes already. Josh and Alex  have placed their bets on one of you  beating me tonight. But as you know, beating Bobby Flay  is not a team sport, so you must first  go through each other. You have 20 minutes  to make a single ingredient the star of your dish. I'm gonna give you guys  an ingredient that I love to cook with -- jalapeños. Nice. I love jalapeños.  It's zingy, it's spicy. When I think of game day, jalapeños take  all of those dishes and put them to the next level  with some spice and heat. These need to be  the star of your plate. Go. Oh, it's on! Let the games begin! Jalapeño  is a green chili pepper. It could be really spicy,  or they can be mild. You just have to taste and see  what you're dealing with. You can hollow it out, take the seeds and the ribs out, which are most of the spice,  and use that. But then again,  you want to make sure you can get  some heat off of it. Make sure that jalapeño  has pop, huh? Copy, copy. I'm thinking about making  a warm maitake jalapeño salad with a pickled roasted corn  and jalapeño relish and a jalapeño-basil  vinaigrette. It's interesting that Todd's  using so many vegetables 'cause he's got  a real steakhouse pedigree. I first started cooking  in hotels all the way from Maldives  to Singapore. I returned home  because I was approached to be the executive chef  for Barclay Prime Steakhouse. It was a position  I just couldn't pass up. After that, I became  the corporate chef of STK, responsible for eight  different locations. Currently, I am overseeing the swank Dazzler hotel  in Brooklyn, New York. You know, Bobby's a great chef, but anyone can be  beat on any day. So, get out of my way  or get ran over. These guys  are shopping a lot. Are we at the grocery store  here or what? Clock's ticking, fellas!  Clock's ticking! All right, all right,  all right, all right. When I think of game day,  I think of chicken wings. So I'm making jalapeño  sweet and sour chicken wings, and do a jalapeño gastrique. Hey, Lee, how you  feeling over there? Whoo! After graduating from the Culinary Institute  of America, I went out to work  at the Lark Creek Inn. I was promoted to sous-chef to chef de cuisine  to executive chef. And then my dad called me, let me know that a restaurant  in my hometown was for sale, and so we just  decided to go for it. I haven't missed  a day of service in the nine years  we've been open. That's the one thing  about being a chef -- You compete every single day  just to survive. Bobby, I know what it is  to fight for a cause, and all that matters today  is a big "W" against you. - 15 minutes.  -Tick tock, people. I start to shuck the corn  and then throw it on the flame. I'm trying to get the spiciness  and smokiness from the char. I'm gonna go in. A.G.'s coming on the turf. Hi.  Don't stop cooking. What are we doling?  -I'm gonna do a warm salad. I'm gonna make  my quick pickled corn. So I put it into the bag  with jalapeños, vinegar, sugar, and then I go  to the Cryovac machine. It removes all the air and forces the jalapeño flavor  into the corn. This is good. This guy's a real expert on some techniques  you don't really use. You know what I use?  A knife. All right.  Oh, my God. You're a case study  in jalapeños right now. Anybody here for you  tonight? - All right, all right.  -Yeah, Lee! For my quick pickled jalapeños, I add sugar, champagne vinegar,  and tomatoes. So, you believe  in the sweet with the heat?  I love it. Somebody else here  does that, too. I think she's talking  about you. 11 minutes and 30 seconds left. What did you learn  up there? I'm a little bit concerned  about Todd -- That he brought the grocery  store to the table. Over here we have  Team Chicken Wing, but he hasn't started  cooking them at all yet. Time is flying, and I have to get these chickens in the fryer. So I'm getting them  into rice flour and corn starch  as a quick breading. I need to throw  the maitake mushrooms in with the bacon. That's a natural pairing. - Seven minutes now.  -Don't be nice, Capon. Not my style, A.G. This is your guy?  Come on! What are you making  in the blender? Jalapeño vinaigrette. So, we're gonna  be jalapeño-rific. This guy's writing his own dictionary over here! I start blending  my jalapeños with champagne vinegar and honey  for sweetness. Jalapeño all the way.  -How are we doing? Cooking. Make sure you're careful with those hands, all right? I know, I know.  I'm nervous. Getting all those jalapeño oils on your hands? Don't do one of these.  Oh, no. And don't go to the bathroom, either. I have to get  my gastrique started, so I'm dicing up  my jalapeños and onions. A gastrique is a caramelized  sugar and vinegar sauce. Let's go!  Four minutes, guys! Let's go now. Todd just got a nice  vinaigrette going. He's got some nice  maitake mushrooms  with slab bacon. Lee's got  jalapeños everywhere. Hey, Lee, those chicken wings  gonna be cooked? I sure hope so. 'Cause I'm the one  that has to eat them! I know, I know!  One minute, fellas! Let's go! Time's flying,  so I plate the mushrooms, follow with the pickled corn... Oh, my God.  He's not gonna finish. On my dish, I have  my Bibb lettuce base. I'm adding my chicken wings garnished  with pickled jalapeños, pickled tomatoes... 10...  ...and I'm gonna pour my jalapeño gastrique  over the top. - ...6, 5... - Finally, the jalapeño and basil  vinaigrette. ...3, 2, 1... I'm pretty confident  my chicken's cooked. But there's still a chance  it might not be. I'm pretty happy  'cause I think I have all my bases covered  with jalapeños. Alex and I are here on game day  for one reason -- to pick the chef  that will take down Mr. Flay. It's all gonna come down to what you did  with the jalapeño. Chef Lee, tell us what you made. I made a jalapeño sweet and sour chicken wing. They're cooked. Got a little worried  about that. Me, too.  Nice sweet-and-sour  balance going on, the gastrique really adhere  to the chicken wing, like a really,  really nice glaze. Would have liked a little  more heat from the jalapeño. I'm a real sucker  for a chicken wing. I love that you used  the honey and the lime to balance out  a jalapeño pepper. But it feels a little bit  like the jalapeño's divorced from the other ingredients  on the plate. But I like that  you went game day on this. Todd, tell us what you made. A maitake and jalapeño mushroom salad with a jalapeño pickled  roasted corn and a jalapeño-  basil vinaigrette. You said "jalapeño"  a bunch of times.  That's a good start. I was definitely  a little concerned that there wasn't gonna be  enough jalapeño in the dish, but my mouth's dancing,  if you will. I think the slab bacon  brings it all home. On the flip side, you've got  some pretty aggressive cuts of jalapeño on there, and it might blow my roof  off the joint. I think the mushrooms  are really beautiful, and the corn  is such great technique. But I had to conduct  a witch hunt to find the jalapeño vinaigrette. With half the ingredients, you could have made the same, if not a better, point. Lee went with a game-day theme, but Todd definitely showed  some good technique. Not sure who  I'm gonna face here. Alex and I have discussed,  and the winner is... ...Todd Mark Miller! Back to the grind.  I'm gonna go back home, and... Good job.  Good job. ...keep on cooking. Listen, I would like  to leave here undefeated. Less stuff cooked in the same, great way, and that's gonna be a wrap on game day for him. - Todd, congratulations.  -Thank you. What's your signature  dish tonight? My signature dish is... cheesesteak. I'm actually in the mood for a Philly cheesesteak. Me, too. So, we've got  three industry experts who are standing by  to do a blind taste test. You are each gonna have  45 minutes. The stakes are high. The game starts now! Come on, Todd! Come on, Todd!  Let's go! It's all about game day -- food that you can eat  with your hands. I love cheesesteaks. When I got to Philly,  it's my first move. Well, classically, a cheesesteak  is a thin-sliced prime rib. Because the meat is often kind of steamed, that caramelization  from the onions kind of makes up  for the brown that you don't get  from the meat. Then it comes down  to a choice of cheese -- it could be provolone,  it could American -- on a hoagie roll. Oh, my God. You are making me so hungry! So I'm using a New York Strip. It's got good marbleization. For the cheese,  I'm gonna use a combination of White American and provolone. When it comes to  the onions and mushrooms, I'm going by the book, so I start caramelizing onions with a little bit of sugar, then I thinly slice  some cremini mushrooms and get those working  in a pan, as well. You know, he may like to eat it, but it doesn't mean he knows how to cook it. I'm taking  the basic ingredients, and I'm just elevating them. I'm using a Japanese  Wagyu hanger steak. It's got that deep,  meaty flavor. I'm making  a taleggio cheese sauce. For my caramelized onions,  I throw the onions and butter into the pan  for that initial color. In Philadelphia,  Todd was very well-known for the $100 cheesesteak. It was a Kobe beef  cheesesteak.  He's very fancy. Todd's gonna put, like, black truffles on his or something. Oh!  Bobby knows your secret! He knows exactly  where you're coming from. I'm waiting for him  at the corner. Back when I first made  the $100 cheesesteak, it started a big ruckus  in Philadelphia. I had a guy that traveled  150 miles for one. - Did he leave happy?  -That's the name of the game -- make sure people are happy. That's why Bobby's  so successful. - Oh, that was nice, Bobby.  -That was nice. Todd, get in the game,  all right? This is game day, not Valentine's Day! That's good. I'm gonna leave the box of  the classic Philly cheesesteak, and I'm gonna make  a jalapeño presto and spread it on my bread. I add Parmesan,  olive oil, and pine nuts. The cheese is really rich, so the jalapeño  will cut through it and balance it out. How can you go wrong  with Wagyu hanger steak? The fat content  is much higher. What that means  is more flavor. That looks delicious! You are taking it  to the next level. You got plenty of onions,  steak looks good, and you have cheese. Bobby, you're still  working with jalapeños. You want me to start  bringing some stuff over? Bobby, battle jalapeño  is finished. Alex and Josh are talking smack  about my jalapeños. - Where was that the first round?  -I don't know. But even Josh admits  it's pretty good. Todd, you are so lucky we are not still stuck  in battle jalapeño. You're not supposed  to like his dish! Oh, don't you fumble that!  Don't you fumble -- Oh! This is not a day to fumble. You know that, right? You want the ball.  -Whoo! Bobby, I just want to gently remind you the last time I was here,  you did forget about that protein till the last minute. - I know.  -Why are you helping him?! - Well, I mean, come on --  -Josh, you're out, man. Come on.  -Whoo! We are two opposite  ends of the spectrum. By the way, our man Todd, really throwing down over there. I feel like here's a lot  more comfortable this round. I think I'm walking out  of here 2-0, A.G. Todd's just flying along. He's already cooked his meat.  He's way ahead of me. Right now, I'm just  playing catch up. What is he thinking? We're gonna win! All right, who's on Team Todd over there? I don't know, Bobby. We might be in your house,  but it sounds like Todd's got  the home-court advantage. Audience:  Todd, beat Bobby! You guys are traitors! 19 minutes. He is using a beautiful  New York Strip loin, which is gonna result  in a very tender steak. It's gonna take  a little more time, but I'm gonna pound out  the slices of meat and make them thinner  and even more tender. So, then I cook it  with some salt and pepper in a cast-iron pan. I need to get that  taleggio cheese sauce going. I put in one can of beer,  garlic, and some fresh serrano chilies  for a punch. And then I throw in some  white wine to cut through in  the strong flavors  of that cheese. A.G. Oh!  Looking good, man! I'm gonna stick to cooking. How we doing?  We're doing. I like doing  twists on things, and so instead of a yellow cheese sauce, let's do a white cheese. Oh, how you doing? Good. It tastes a little bit like it has uncooked wine in it. You gonna cook that  down a little?  Yeah. What's that? That's a little mustard. A little Dijon sauce? - Mm-hmm.  -Cool. So, I'm gonna take  Dijon mustard, lemon juice, and a touch of honey to balance  out all the flavors. How's it looking up there, Alex?  How's our guy? He looks great over here.  I'm super excited. 2-0, baby!  2-0! You have to be very careful when you go  in the lion's den to figure out  what's going on 'cause you might get your arm chewed off. What's your master plan, Chef?  -It's really simple -- a jalapeño pesto,  sautéed mushrooms, caramelized onions, a cheese sauce with  white American cheese  and provolone. I'm gonna add some scalded milk  into the butter and flour, then I'm gonna add  white American and provolone. You went fancy on me  at the last minute. The guy's using, like,  Wagyu beef over there. I think you're just  a little jealous. Are you guys Team Bobby? - Whoo!  -Wow. One person. - That's weak.  -Tough crowd tonight, man. All right, good luck.  -Bye. Chefs, you're under  seven minutes now. Bobby is very, like, down-home and dialed back, too. But that's what  a cheesesteak is. Like, the fairy princess  over here and Cinderella over here. Like a role reversal,  to be honest with you. Yeah, what happened? Bobby's cheese sauce  looks very good. That may be true, but Todd has, like, a Dijon mustard mix that's, like, potent. But his cheese sauce has that uncooked wine taste, and I'm really worried  about it. It's now time to throw the Amoroso roll in the toaster. It has a natural  toast kind of texture. Might end up a crouton.  Be a little careful. No croutons here. Next thing I grab --  This tomato's gonna help cut through rich items  on this sandwich. Tomato on a cheesesteak. I thought we were making  cheesesteaks. Just a little  something-something. I don't know. I think that tomatoes on a cheesesteak is like bringing a bottle of vodka to church. It's just wrong. But he's a quarterback.  This is his game. I'm adding jalapeño,  Todd's adding tomato. These are certainly things that you wouldn't find  on a classic cheesesteak. We're both throwing  a Hail Mary pass. We'll see who ends up  in the end zone. So, I'm using the classic  Philly cheesesteak roll. It's very soft  and pillowy. He's definitely got  the bread right -- fresh,  soft hoagie rolls. For the most part,  I want my bread to be soft so that it soaks in all  the juices and the cheese, and it sort of becomes  part of the bread. I feel like I'm really  back on track, and I think Todd  is actually starting to feel the heat  a little bit now. - Two minutes!  -Oh, yeah! Oh, no! Ohh!  I need to grab my bread. Uh-oh. Did somebody  forget about those croutons? Phew!  There are some edges that I have to trim off,  but it's ready to go. The cheesesteak is so much  about the bread. That boy's making me nervous.  45 seconds, guys! The clock's winding down.  No overtime in this arena. So I plate by slathering  on a toasted bun this jalapeño pesto then add in caramelized onions  and cremini mushrooms. I put the meat on to the bread, and then I follow  with the lemony Dijon, the taleggio cheese sauce, and then the tomatoes. Let's finish this! All: 10, 9, 8... Last, I'm gonna put  some cheese sauce on the side, so they can dunk.  All: ...5, 4... I'm gonna add my steak  and cheese sauce on top. All: ...2, 1... That's it! Good job.  Thanks. I glance over at Bobby,  and he has everything done. You have to expect that.  He's a pro. But I'm confident  in what I've done. I hope my jalapeño pesto  doesn't deter the judges from thinking  it's a classic cheesesteak. But other than that, I like it. Capon, if we lose, you're sleeping on the couch. Bobby, Todd, it's time  to meet the judges. First up,  the head honcho of Bear Creek Smokehouse --  Robbie Shoults. The founder and host  of Cue Katie -- Katie Quinn. And the chef and partner from  Porter House Bar and Grill -- Michael Lomonaco. In honor of game day, please start  with the cheesesteak  in front of you. Katie Quinn going  for the dip. There's a kick  in that cheese sauce. I'm telling you,  it's coming now. Really good.  The beef -- It's incredible -- great, big, powerful flavor. But the bread --  It's a little soft for me. This would not last long  at my game day. That lemony Dijon added  such a nice citrusy balance. All right, so the tomatoes -- Texturally, not super into it. And I'm not a huge fan  of the bread, which I think  is really important when it comes to cheesesteaks. It was a little hard  to eat for me, but the flavor was spot on. The caramelized onions  are awesome on there. Overall, I thought  it was a great sandwich. All right, judges,  please switch your plates. The bread's holding  together nicely, the beef is extremely tender, I love the addition  of the sautéed mushrooms, and then that jalapeño paste  really topped it off. But I would like to see a few more caramelized onions  on this sandwich. It has all of the elements that make my mouth really happy. It's got the sweet,  the salty, the spicy. I love that I could be  eating this with one hand, have a beer in the other hand. I mean, it's game day, right? I love the cheese sauce. Provolone gives you  that spicy edge, but I wish there were more beef. When you take  this great bread and you don't put enough beef, you're losing what should be  a great ratio in the sandwich. Neither one of these  is a classic cheesesteak, and that's what  makes them so special. But there can only be one. They raved about his steak, but I think mine  worked better as a sandwich. It's still anyone's game. And the winner of  the cheesesteak battle is... ...Bobby Flay! I was undefeated! Bobby's cheesesteak  held together better. You could one-hand that sandwich and do whatever else you need  to be doing during the game. - Thanks for coming.  -Thank you. I might not have won,  but I came into his house, gave him a serious run  for his money. You had him! This experience was amazing. Love it. Yippie. Whoo!  Yay! Undefeated season  down the drain. You're the best, Bobby.  We love ya. Where's the steak?  It's a cheesesteak. Pile that baby up! It was like a diet version  of a cheesesteak. You dropped the ball  in the end zone, Bobby, but you got lucky. I'm coming back for you. Next time,  we're getting the "W." Who knew? When it comes to cheesesteak,  I guess I'm a wiz.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 