Beat Bobby Flay: Season 6, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s6e8 - Let's Talk Turkey - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 6, Episode 8 - Let's Talk Turkey - full transcript 
 Turkey dishes are created in honor of Thanksgiving-and in the hopes of beating Bobby Flay. The competitors are Emmy-nominated Rhode Island chef Nick Rabar and All-American New York chef Jeff Haskel. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. Bobby, it's going down today. Let's go.  Let's go! This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders  have to go through each other using an ingredient  of my choice. It tastes like a win! Let the games begin! Two people that know me well 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 will decide who's got the skills to beat me. I think you're  in trouble. We chose the right guy. Round 2 -- I go head-to-head  with the winning contender. It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. You gotta put your big-boy pants on now. Ooh! We have let the lion  out of the cage! Bring it on. Bottom line --  everyone's out to beat me. Whew. Happy Thanksgiving, guys. I hope you're ready for a feast. And my guests of honor tonight: 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Chefs Michael Simon  -Aha! and Geoffrey Zakarian.  -Boom! You're in trouble,  buddy. Is your favorite part  of Thanksgiving the actual meal  or the midnight snack, the cold turkey sandwich? I'm in bed by 7:30  on Thanksgiving. I can't keep my eyes open.  -Yeah, it's tough. I watched your Thanksgiving  special last year. I haven't been invited yet,  but I watched it. Yeah, you didn't make the cut.  There was only 20 of us. Last time I was there,  I did all the work. You did nothing! So what are you turkeys bringin' in here tonight? Our first contender  took down Mr. Zakarian on "Iron Chef America." Please welcome Jeff Haskell. Our next contender  might come from a small town, but he has big creds. Chef Nick Rabar. Happy Thanksgiving, guys. Geoffrey and Michael  have one job to do, and that's to get me beat. But, first, you guys  have to go through each other. Ooh. You're gonna have  20 minutes to make an ingredient of my choice  the star of your dish and that ingredient is... acorn squash. Acorn squash is dense and,  to cook it in 20 minutes? I'm like mind-blown. I love working  with acorn squash. It's a perfect star ingredient  for Thanksgiving. Don't forget: these guys  will be tasting your dish and deciding which one of you  goes up against me in round 2. Thanksgiving in 20 minutes. Go. Acorn squash can throw both  of these chefs for a curve. The flavor is pretty mild. It can use some enhancement. We're looking for someone  that really has great flavor  development. It's a tough ingredient  to get done in 20 minutes, I think, too. It's a really firm squash, so you need to kinda  break it down. I grew up in New Hampshire, so I really like cooking  with fall vegetables. I'm making a purée  with the acorn squash, and I'm gonna  serve it with a scallop and a brown-butter  pomegranate sauce. Growing up, I started out  baking with my mom and then, that progressed into helping cook dinner every night. Now, I'm an executive chef  and I've worked at some of the best restaurants  in New York City. In 2010, I did "Iron Chef America," went  up against Geoffrey Zakarian. Bobby Flay  was the original Iron Chef. Beating him would solidify  my place in New York City  culinary landscape. Comin' for you, Bobby. So I'm makin'  an acorn-squash latke with a whole-grain-mustard aioli  and apricot-bacon jam. At age 15, I begged for a job  at a local pizza place. Once I was in the kitchen,  it just felt so natural to me. At 25, I had commanded some of the most elite kitchens  in Rhode Island and I was named Best and  Brightest Young American Chef by Spirit magazine. When you're  in the restaurant industry, you have to be competitive. I come from a little town and, now,  here I am on the big stage against the biggest chef  in America. Bobby Flay, I'm bringin'  my small town to the big city to go up against you. Hope you're ready. One of my main concerns  is slicing the squash thin enough so that I  can cook it in 20 minutes. Jeff looks like he's gonna  do a squash purée. I'm curious to see whether he can get that squash broken down  without any pieces in it. So Nick's grating all his. I think it's a good idea.  -Me too. All right,  17 minutes, guys. Are you gonna make like  a cake or something? Exactly right. It's like  a potato latke would be. I love that. What flavors are you gonna kinda work into that? I'm tryin'  to make a bacon jam and a little  grain-mustard aioli. So why do you want  a piece o' Flay? I wanna take that guy down  right now. All right. All right.  I like that idea. I start droppin' these latkes  right into the olive oil, just to crisp it up  a little bit. I'm feelin' good.  -How are you doin'? So these are in a little bit of cream? What's your plan? Scallops, acorn-squash  purée, guanciale. So you're goin' a whole,  composed dish? We're gonna try it.  -That's good. Be aggressive. For my brown-butter sauce,  I grab guanciale, butter, sherry vinegar,  and pomegranate seeds. Guanciale is jowl bacon,  also called face bacon. It's gonna add rustic flavors  to the sauce. Nick's got like  a latke-style going. He's just gonna really let  that cake stand on its own. I'm concerned  that it's gonna be like crusty on the outside  and raw in the middle. Over here, Jeff's  gonna do a purée with some panseared  scallops and pomegranates. Whoo! He's cheating! He's using power tools! I'm makin'  a whole-grain-mustard aioli because it goes perfect  with acorn squash and bacon. I'm adding mayo,  whole grain mustard, honey, and a pinch of salt. Whoa. That's a flavor bomb.  -Yeah. Bring it on, baby.  Bring it on. The scallops are  in the pan already, which is  a little early. 8 minutes! Hi, Jeff.  -Good to see you, Chef. So, why are your scallops  in the pan so early? I like to get a little  ahead of the game. You've got 7 minutes.  Don't overcook 'em. Squash is delicious,  but this is gonna be the star  of the plate, right? Oh, we're gonna try to make it  the star of the plate. Good job. Mr. Providence, what are those, latkes? Yes.  Don't burn them, 'cause you have four. Next, my bacon jam. I've got bacon, apricots, honey, and a little bit  of apple cider vinegar. Come on, we can get a better  "whoo" than that. - Whoo! I love the flavors  of that. Excellent. Thank you very much.  -Excellent. 5 minutes. The apricot-bacon jam  is very good. The -- have a lotta flavor. But I'm worried about  the latkes bein' too dense. I think it's hard for them to cook evenly. Right.  -Jeff's purée is delicious, but I'm a little concerned  about Jeff doing scallops. They could easily overwhelm  the acorn squash. 3 minutes.  Oh, my god. So, on the plate,  I have the acorn-squash purée, seared scallop on top. Then, I sauce with the  guanciale-brown butter sauce and the pomegranate seeds. I think they both look really good. Yeah.  -Obviously very, very good cooks.  1 minute. So, on my plate, I start with  the whole-grain-mustard aioli, top that with the latke,  and they are looking perfect. And then,  I top with the bacon jam. Let's go. Let's go.  Let's go! 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. I was able to showcase some different flavors  and techniques. I know I'm delivering  a great dish, but I look over at Jeff's dish;  it looks a little more refined, so it's any chef's game  right now. All right, guys. Bobby's very confident, when it comes to Thanksgiving, so we wanna see someone take him  down on his favorite holiday. Jeff, tell us what we have here. Acorn-squash purée  with seared sea scallop, guanciale, pomegranate,  brown butter. I was worried  about overcooking the scallop, but it's cooked really well. The squash has a finesse to it. You know, I typically am not  a huge fan of pomegranate, but, in this case,  I think that, texturally, it added  a lot to the dish. I am a sucker for guanciale  and brown butter. I think that adds  a nice element, but I think  it's a touch salty. But if you ask me what  the star of the dish was, it's fighting the squash a bit. So, Nick,  tell us what you made. I made  an acorn-squash latke with whole-grain-mustard aioli  and an apricot-bacon jam. I like what you did  with the latke. I think that's very creative. But I would like it  a little thinner and crisper. Just get a bit more caramel  out of it, and I think that that bacon jam with the apricots  is a very good idea. Mine has nice texture  and crunch, which shows you like me  more than Geoffrey, which I appreciate very much. I did like the bacon  jam on top. I think it gave it  a sweet, salty note. Really interesting way to handle  an ingredient like this. I think it made it the star  of the plate. But the aioli added  a bitter note to the dish. So Nick  really had great technique, did a really great job,  but Jeff's purée, I wouldn't have thought of that. I don't know  who's gonna win this. We can only pick one person to take down Bobby Flay  on Thanksgiving and the chef  we chose is... Nick. I have no regrets.  I'm happy with my dish. I showcased the flavors  that I wanted to showcase. Good job. We just think that you went  another level into the squash. That edge right there  is what we're lookin' for. Goin' against Bobby,  in this next round, you need that same  kinda focus. Thank you, guys. Nick, congratulations.  -Thank you, Bobby. Think you're ready  to take me down? I think I'm ready.  -What is your signature dish? As much as I love  Thanksgiving dinner, I'm also a big fan  of the leftovers, so, My man.  -In the spirit of Thanksgiving, my signature dish is... open-face turkey sandwich. Ah! That's a tough one. You cook with big flavors,  which I love. If I just do a nice dish,  I'm gonna lose. I gotta do a mean dish.  -You gotta get mean, baby. Yeah.  -Nick, I think the good news is that he falls asleep at 7:00  on Thanksgiving Day, so maybe  he'll just pass out. Down he goes. I'm not doin' that. Geoffrey and I  can't judge this round. Instead, we're gonna  bring in three food experts. They're gonna choose the dish  they like the best. 45 minutes. Let's go. I'm like the leftover guru. Forget Thanksgiving itself. Next day: that's mine. When I was a kid, my mother  would take me to a diner and I'd have  an open-face turkey sandwich. It's such a classic  American dish. Open-face turkey sandwich  usually is a hot dish, it's got one slice of bread,  and there's some gravy on top. I like having  Thanksgiving ideas, but then bringing different  cultures and cuisines into it, so, today, I'm gonna go  Jamaican. I'm making an open-face  jerk turkey sandwich with cranberry-mango relish,  green-onion gravy, and served on a slice  of brioche. The first thing  that Bobby grabbed: mango, ginger, orange juice?  I'm not too certain. Yeah, but classic  Bobby flavors. So, my signature dish is an open-face turkey sandwich: white gravy, creamed kale,  a thyme-sage biscuit, and a cranberry/  red wine/butter sauce. The first thing I wanna do  is reheat this turkey, but I'm a little worried  I could dry it out, so, to make sure  it doesn't get too dry, I grab some chicken stock, pour  it right on top of the turkey, pop that right into the oven, so it sort of braises up  and stays perfectly moist. He's taking the pan juice  and the turkey and he's gonna bake it  in the oven. When I hear that,  my mouth waters. Right. So my game plan is to, first, make the cranberry-mango relish. I take cranberries;  I have some tangerine juice, some sugar, and some ginger. I let that cook  for a little while, until the cranberries pop open and the mangoes  become part of the sauce. I see Nick has some flour  in a bowl. Is he gonna make  his own bread? Just can't pull out a slice of toast here. 39 minutes. This dish is ambitious. I gotta make scratch biscuits,  which is definitely a risk. Then, I'm gonna add  the thyme, the sage, the celery, the onions, right into the biscuit,  to sort of resemble stuffing. What are you makin',  Nick? I'm gonna start  by making a biscuit. Whoa! Bobby, he's makin'  a biscuit. What are you making? Shut up, Michael. So I'm adding  the onions and the celery right into the stand mixer,  I'm mixin' it up, and, now, it's time for me  to form these into patties and get 'em to the oven. I've got it preheated  at 425 degrees. That way, they don't  get too dark on the outside before the inside's cooked. So, now, I have to get  my turkey out of the oven because I don't want  it to dry out. That's Thanksgiving right there. You can see that. You can smell it.  -That looks great. Thank you.  -Really good. It gives me so much  pleasure to taunt you. Thank you. I'm glad  you're havin' a good time. Tell me where  ginger and mango sit in the Thanksgiving  world. I'm gonna do a Jamaican jerk rub  on the turkey breast. Wow. I don't know what to say to that. I gotta bring the flavor. Nick, I'm goin'  to Jamaica, baby. Bring it on, mon. Got this.  -Great. What's goin' on, there,  Geoffrey? I mean, nothin' says  Thanksgiving like a mango. All right, take it easy. Geoffrey and Michael are like "What does a mango  have to do with Thanksgiving?" And they're right, unless you  pair it with cranberries, and then it's part  of Thanksgiving. But time's running out,  and I still haven't started my turkey yet. Sounds like  totally different. Nick is taking all the flavors of Thanksgiving and putting it  into the biscuit. I think the judges are  gonna really respect that. Yeah, and the kid really knows his stuff. You nervous, yet,  over there, Bob? What? Nick, what do you think about Bobby's dish, so far? Well, I heard "mango" and, then,  I just stopped listening. Bobby, he's made a green- onion gravy, then a butter made of maple and ginger,  mango on the side, and then, he's taking  his turkey and he's gonna add  jerk spices. It all sounds good together. A lot of big flavors. And when Bobby loses,  it's always because he puts too much stuff  on the plate. I'm goin' for it.  I like to bring big, bold flavors  and take a big swing and if it works, it's great. If it doesn't, mm,  I might be in trouble. Wow, that tastes like nothing. Less than 30, chefs. So, with 30 minutes to go, I'm gonna make  maple-and-ginger butter. I have butter, maple syrup,  ginger. And then I mix it all together. It's gonna give it  that Thanksgiving flavor. Next, I grab my bread. Brioche is a bread  that I like 'cause you can toast it  and get it a little bit crispy, but also white at the same time. Bobby, I can't believe,  in 45 minutes, you're makin' brioche. You're even better  than I thought. All right, guys. Enough. I know you wanted me  to make my own bread, but I'm just gonna concentrate  on the flavors themselves. That white toast  looks amazing. What am I doin'?  Stop interruptin' me. He's so crabby today. It's unbelievable. I'm gonna slice the brioche and I'm gonna put it under  the salamander to toast it. Bobby. Bobby! Bobby.  -Nick. Nick! Nick! Left side, baby!  -Nick. Nick. Nick. Okay. I'm makin' a white gravy,  so I'm adding flour, butter, whole-grain mustard,  Parmesan, and milk, and I'm gonna whisk it together. What Nick is doing's great. Turkey, you gotta wake it up.  -Right. He has a sharp cheese  with mustard. 20 minutes, guys. How ya doin', Chef?  -I'm feelin' it. Smellin' delicious over here.  -This is Thanksgiving. I love a lot of great  traditional flavors. I'm pulling my biscuits  out of the oven and they look perfect.  -Oh, man! I just wanted to dry it  out a little bit. Wow!  Move over, brioche. Hello, biscuit.  -Shut up, Michael. Bobby, I'd just go home  now, if I were you. What are you lookin' for? You don't have any food. I'm orderin' in. What have you been doin' for the past 20 minutes? Little roux.  I start with a little bit of butter and flour  and then I put the stock in there,  a little bit of white wine. I'm makin' gravy. Someone hide the salt?  -I'm doin' it now. I'm just checkin'. I'm just askin' a question. The gravy still  needs more flavor. I'm gonna put some green onions,  a little more punch. Oh! Well, it's not like you made the brioche from scratch. You could've just sliced another loaf. Nick, you just keep goin'  at your pace. I don't know what he's doin' over here. He's got somethin'  up his sleeve. Bobby's a little more stressed than normal. I think he feels  the pressure that's comin'  from Nick's kitchen. It's an open-face  turkey sandwich. I would say the turkey is certainly the main component. Turkey breast  can certainly be dry, so I used a lot  of warm chicken stock to kinda reheat turkey breast. I saw that method of keeping your turkey moist on your Thanksgiving  special, the one I wasn't  invited to. I'm glad you watched, though. Now, I gotta get  my creamed kale goin' here. Otherwise, that's never gonna  get done on time. I'm adding heavy cream  and I want that to reduce down. So much of what I have  going on here is about reduction and timing. That cream has to get  to just the right consistency to make a great creamed kale. Creamed kale is a fantastic idea. It's got a little bit  of bitterness to it, little bit of pepperiness and that creaminess of greens  reminds me of Thanksgiving. I'm takin' a risk.  I'm takin' the jerk flavors and I'm combining it  with some of the more classic Thanksgiving flavors. So if it works, I have a shot. If it don't,  Nick's gonna win, easy. Bobby, what's  in your spice rub? Clove, coriander, cinnamon,  some Chile de árbol. I'll send you the recipe. I get a castiron pan on and I'm going to crust  the jerk rub into the turkey. Don't be afraid, Bobby. It's just a little  bit of fire. You should do a new show:  "Boy Meets Castiron Pan." I got a full range over here. I feel like I'm making progress, but time is goin' by  way too fast. I'm gonna make this beautiful  red-wine and cranberry sauce. Fresh cranberries  are gonna add that natural cranberry flavor  with a touch of tartness. Nick, make sure  you taste it. Make sure there's a textural element on top. Doin' just fine. I think he needs a crunch. Somethin' to bust it. I know the special guests  are a little concerned, but I got this.  No worries. Crack o' pepper. I'm not succumbing  to the pressure. I'm holdin' my dish. 4 minutes. Time to plate. I slather some  of the maple-ginger butter on top, layer some of the jerk  rub turkey on there, the green-onion gravy, and then,  the cranberry-mango relish. It's time to start building  this open-face turkey sandwich. First, I start with the biscuit. Next, I'm grabbin'  the creamed kale. Turkey goes on. Then, I'm gonna top it  with the white gravy. And, last but not least, to garnish,  I have some celery leaves and I'm gonna pour on a little  bit of that cranberry butter right around the outside. Thanks, everybody. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Good job. I think that Nick's  looks really good. It's gravy, biscuits, turkey, and all the other things  that go for Thanksgiving. I'm lookin' at my dish,  and it's a little more traditional than what I see  goin' on over in Bobby's camp, but I like that about it.  Guess we'll see. Biscuits and gravy,  everybody. Congratulations,  Nick and Bobby. An amazing job. Thank you.  -Thank you. Let's meet the judges. First, we have the president of the James Beard Foundation... Next up, the owner  and executive chef at Delicatessen,  Chef... and the chef/owner of Birds & Bubbles... So judges, as you know,  this is a blind taste test, so if you could please  dig into the first open-face turkey sandwich  in front of you. I like the use of kale. I think it is surprisingly light  on the heavy dish. As a Southerner, I appreciate anything  that's served on a biscuit. This white gravy  is really delicious. What I'm missing is cranberry. This glaze doesn't deliver  the hit that I'm looking for. A little bit of texture  would've been really nice, but turkey at Thanksgiving time  is the moistness, and I think the chef  here got that. Okay, judges, if you guys  could switch your plates and taste the next dish. What was definitely  in this dish that wasn't in the first  is that texture, and I got that with the outside  of the brioche. The turkey, because of  the technique of pansearing it, it's a little bit more dry  than the first one. The cranberry-and-mango relish  is so bright and so delicious and really gives you  that feeling of Thanksgiving. What I'm missing here  is the stuffing. I just really want that layer  of old, second-day stuffing. I love the brown gravy. I think Thanksgiving isn't  Thanksgiving without gravy. There is a lot to be said  about trying something new on an old classic. All right, judges.  It's that time. You guys have to pick a winner. Nick went classic turkey. They kinda beat up a little  on the cranberries. They actually liked my mango  and cranberries, but they beat me up  on the turkey, so it's sort of up in the air,  at this point. The judges have voted...  -and the winner is... Bobby Flay. It was a really  hard choice, in many ways. Clearly, Bobby, this is a dish James Beard  would've loved. Today, I was very proud  of the dish I put forward. Bobby got me by that much. Looks like the best chef  won today, but you have not seen  the last of me. Great job, Nick. Disturbing. First of all, I don't get invited to his Thanksgiving. Then, we fail  to beat him. It's a hot mess. I'm never  gonna get invited. It's terrible. Bobby,  Geoffrey, and I are gonna be doing a new version of  "Beat Bobby Flay." It's gonna be  in the back parking lot. Only thing better  than a leftover sandwich is being left with a win. Happy Thanksgiving. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 