Beat Bobby Flay: Season 3, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beat Bobby Flay 
 s3e6 - Bells Will Be Ringing - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beat Bobby Flay (2013–…): Season 3, Episode 6 - Bells Will Be Ringing - full transcript 
 Anne Burrell and Scott Conant try to spoil Bobby Flay's Christmas, with their choice for a competitor to take him on in the kitchen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Bobby Flay. Each week, one brave chef will try to take me down in my house. This culinary battle is gonna  shake down in two rounds. Round 1 -- To get to me, two contenders have  to go through each other first using an ingredient  of my choice. Let the games begin! Two people that know me well will decide who's got the skills  to beat me. He's gonna smoke you. Turn up the heat! Round 2 -- I go head-to-head  with the winning contender. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's their turn to surprise me  with their signature dish. That's what  you brought here?! I'm excited. Bottom line --  everyone's out to beat me. Now I'm nervous. Happy holidays, everyone. Who's up for some  culinary festivities tonight? I've asked two friends of mine  to pick my rival this evening. Please say hello to Chefs  Scott Conant and Anne Burrell. Scott Conant and Anne Burrell are part  of the Food Network family, Scott from "Chopped" and, of course, I have gone  head-to-head with Anne on "Worst Cooks in America." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A nice holiday pair  we have here. I'm in  the holiday spirit. We have searched far and wide  looking for people to give you  a holiday beatdown. I think that Santa is gonna bring you a loss today. Oh, thank you, Santa. Who do you have for some holiday cheer, or jeer? Our first contender is a real  Texas tornado in the kitchen. Please welcome Blythe Beck. Hi! Our next contender has cooked  alongside some of the greatest, like Thomas Keller  and Julia Child. Meet Mark Allen. He's the executive chef of Towne Stove and Spirits  in Boston. Happy holidays, guys. I'm sure you're both here  full of spirit to beat me. But first,  you must go through each other. You're gonna have 20 minutes to make an ingredient  of my choice the star of your dish. Since it's the holidays,  that ingredient is... Pears. I love pears. You can do a lot with pears --  savory, sweet. It's a tough ingredient. If they're not perfectly  seasoned, they can be mealy. Anne and Scott will taste,  and they'll decide which one of you will take me on  in Round 2. Make this pear a masterpiece.  Ready? Go. All right. Here we go. Make sure there's lots of pears. Lots of pears. Pears are something  I like around the holidays 'cause you can do sort of  a cold-weather salad, you can make a dessert  with it. I love pears. Great texture,  they're really versatile. You can poach a pear,  you can roast pears. The question is, who is gonna make the pear  the star? Mark has cabbage. That's an interesting choice.  Great crunch, really fresh. Ooh, okay. I like cabbage and pears. Blythe has bacon,  it looks like. Yeah.  She's got goat cheese, too. There's honey, there's bourbon, there's some spices. That's a lot of st  ertation. Blythe, you know there's only 20 minutes in this whole deal,  right? I know, I know. I'm grabbing ingredients that I know is gonna go well  with the pears. Butter and the bacon fat will really make the pears shine because fat carries flavor. Blythe, how we doing? Good. I'm good. You have challah bread. Holla!  Holla! You got blue cheese,  as well. You got all kinds of stuff  going on. I like cheese and bread  with lots of pork fat. It's sort of the way  I do things, so... Who doesn't like that?  Yes. Yes. I am making a pear, bacon,  blue cheese grilled sandwich and a little arugula  and sweet basil salad. Pear, butter, bacon. Nothing wrong with that. And bourbon. Well, that's for me. Oh, that's -- I like your style. I grew up in Houston, Texas. I knew I wanted to  pursue cooking professional, so I did everything I could  to get my foot in the door. I begged, I pleaded. Eventually I got a job  as the apprentice to one of the best chefs  in Texas. It was the hardest thing  I've ever done. I had to fight for  every promotion, every title. I rose up the ranks, and I was an executive chef  by the time I was 26. My style has gotten bigger,  bolder, more in your face,  more fired up, so I'm ready to prove to Bobby why they say  "don't mess with Texas." Chef, what's going on? I'm gonna do a little Asian pear salad with tempura shrimp. Tempura shrimp.  Oh, that's a good idea. I'm making an Asian style  slaw using pears and cabbage. Andecided to use shrimp  to try to bring out the sweetness of the pear. So, what do you got  going on? Dressing for the salad. Little bit of mayonnaise,  soy sauce, vinegar,  a little lemon juice. You guys cheering him on  over here? Cooking's been my passion  for 30 years. My grandfather was a chef. He was passionate and excited about putting food together, so I knew I wanted to be a chef. I went on to work for the greatest chefs in America -- Alex Stratta, Thomas Keller,  Julia Child. I mean, just to be able  to say that is amazing. It was a lot of work. But, you know,  hard work pays off, and I established myself as being one of the top chefs  in Boston. So I know I have enough talent  to bring down Bobby Flay. 12 minutes! Blythe has this  ultimate grilled cheese with a lot of stuff  going on. Do we feel like she's showcasing the pear enough or is it more about  the grilled cheese sandwich? That's gonna be  the question. And Mark has  some tempura shrimp, and he's making slaw out of  the pears and the cabbage. You think raw pears just cut is enough of a technique? No. Both of the chefs,  I think, aren't necessarily  showcasing pears. I think you need to let these people know the deal. Yeah.  Go get them. The tigress. Look out for those heels! I hear you have a grilled cheese going on?  I do. - Make sure that it's pears. - Okay. Not just like, "Oh, I'm, like, pears back here." Even though I'm using  a lot of bold flavors, I'm not really worried about  the pears being overwhelmed by the blue cheese or the bacon. I just have to make sure  I get my proportions right to make the pears shine. I got my pears going. I add some cinnamon  and a little bit of allspice because it instantly reminded me  of Christmas, and it's gonna add another  dimension of flavor to my food. Oh, she broke out the bourbon.  We have a winner. Seven minutes! - How are you? - I'm great. You have tempura shrimp. Yeah, a little,  with a pear salad. Remember, though, what's going to keep you here  is the pear. Is the pear. I agree.  So... I'm feeling very good  about my dish because it has  great flavor combinations. And, you know,  the pear is gonna come out. Feeling good. All right.  Knock yourself out. I got my slaw done, and now I'm gonna work on  my tempura shrimp. Tempura's a very traditional  Japanese frying batter. It's rice flour,  and then I add seltzer water. Bubbles in the soda water  make it very light, but I have to keep  a very close eye on the fryer 'cause you don't want to  overcook them 'cause they get very rubbery. Two minutes to go. Look at the size  of that thing. That's making me happy. I'm from Texas.  Like, go big or go home. Oh, lookit. She's got arugula. She's putting it all over it, so we got, like,  layers of flavor. Let's just hope that  that pear isn't getting lost in there somewhere. Ah. Mark, how's it going, dude? I'm putting  more pears on. One minute, you guys! Starting to feel nervous I don't  have enough pear in this dish. So I julienne a little more pear to garnish the top of the salad. I tell you,  Mark's plate looks beautiful. 15 seconds. Mark's dish seems more composed, but I think I've done justice  to the pear, so they better love it. 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Starting to feel more confident. I think my dish is  much more refined. There's nothing wrong  with a sandwich. I just --  I have shown more expertise to bring down Bobby Flay. Scott and I are looking for the person to beat Bobby Flay, and it's all going to come down  to these pears. All right, Mark, so what did you make here? A pear and cabbage slaw  with tempura shrimp. I think you have some  really good flavors here.  Thank you. Shrimp is cooked perfectly,  as well. The challenge, I think, is other than the julienne  of the pear in the salad, I don't think there's  anything else in there that really screams "pear"  to me. I'm gonna agree with you. This is a good dish. Your cooking techniques  are very sound. The problem is that I can see pear, but there's not enough  pear flavors. Okay. Thank you. I'm starting to feel nervous,  but I'm betting on my technique and, you know,  all the flavors of this dish is gonna help me go to  the next round. Blythe,  what do we have here? I did a pear  and bacon grilled cheese with arugula and basil salad. Oh! Wow. It's a party in my mouth  right now. Like, "Oh!" So many layers of flavor  going in here. It's like a flavor bomb. Thank you, chefs. I love that you added  the bitter greens to kind of off-set the bacon  and the butter. But I do think that this isn't a home run. The first note that you get is blue cheese rather than pear. If you cut  that blue cheese, maybe mix it  with a little bit of mascarpone to rein it in a little bit, I think that would have  really helped. No chef likes to hear criticism, but I think my dish is good  enough to beat my competitor. All right. I think we concur.  Yes. The person who is gonna compete  against Bobby Flay... is Chef Blythe. - Thank you, thank you. - I'm bummed out. I wanted to go up against  Bobby Flay. I think I had a good chance  to beat him, but, I mean, you win some,  you lose some. I'll be back. Yay me. Blythe, your wheelhouse  of sweet and spicy and the layers of flavor, this is what it takes  to beat Bobby Flay. And not just beat him  a little bit. Like, really beat him until  he, like, weeps like a child. You seem very confident going into this round. You're ready to win. I didn't come all the way  from Texas to lose. Oh, yeah. That said, what is your signature dish? My signature dish is... Cornish game hen. I didn't see that coming. I can't remember the last time I cooked a Cornish game hen. - Very holiday. - I like it. So, chefs, Anne and I will not  be the judges. We'll bring in three experts  to do a blind taste test. They'll taste  each of your dishes, and they'll determine  which one they like the best. You have 45 minutes, and that time starts now! All right. Here we go. Cornish game hen. My signature dish is something my mom cooked  during the holidays, so my plan is to stick with  very traditional ingredients, but I'm taking it  to the next level. I want to use flavors  that are rich and decadent to make sure  that my dish takes Bobby down. This one is gonna kill me. I am definitely  not in my element. I haven't cooked  Cornish game hens in awhile. Classic Cornish game hen dish  is kind of an individual serving bird  stuffed. Yeah. Like a little personal  roasted chicken. Perfect for the holidays. But are you gonna be able to  do that in 45 minutes? 45 minutes is tough. He's taking the breast off.  Yeah. He's not  cooking them whole. I like it.  It's still  a Cornish game hen. It's gonna take 35 to 40 minutes  to cook the whole hen, so I'm gonna break the hens down  and cook them in a skillet. I'm gonna pair it with a wild mushroom  and goat cheese stuffing, then I'm gonna do  some fried Brussels sprouts. I see that he's cut down  his bird, but I always served a whole bird because the "wow" factor  is the whole bird. I'm going to serve it  with a sage stuffing and a cranberry jam. She's not opening those guys up. I would be worried that they wouldn't cook all the way in this amount of time. I'm moving  as quickly as I can. Just stick that butter  up in the skin because the fat from the butter  will help give me that decadent flavor profile  I'm looking for and keep the meat moist. Butter underneath  the skin of it. It's a great move.  So much flavor there.  Yeah, yeah. Cornish game hen is a canvas  for big flavor, so I like to use a spice rub, you know, there's chili powder,  paprika, mustard. It's gonna really bring a nice,  earthy flavor to the hens. I'm gonna try to make the skin  a little bit crispy, weigh it down  with another large pan. Pulling out the tricks of the trade to get these birds cooked. I'm cooking my game hens  with carrots, onions, celery because my game hens are gonna  add flavor to my vegetables, which will all come together  to help make a sauce. 30 minutes, you guys. All right, Blythe. Your choice of Cornish game hens  in 45 minutes -- that's, like, fancy-pants. That's me. Tell me where we're at  with everything. So, I got  my Cornish game hens in. I'm getting  my stuffing working with a little bacon fat, butter,  and onions and celery. Like the way you roll. I'm not going  the traditional route of a dry stuffing mixture. I do almost like  a custard-like base -- egg and cream in there. It's gonna keep my stuffing  way more decadent. And then I add in my sage, throw  in my onions and my celery. How's it going, Bobby? I'm a little behind. My Cornish game hens  are still working. Now I need to  get working on stuffing. Some shallots,  some carrots, celery, some wild mushrooms --  creminis and shiitakes -- 'cause I want a nice,  earthy stuffing. What are you doing  with goat cheese? I'm gonna put some goat cheese  into the stuffing. The goat cheese is going to add  a really nice richness. 22 minutes on the clock,  chefs. Bobby's got a lot of mushrooms, goat cheese. Lot of flavors going on  in there. On Blythe's side,  all those spices, like, so earthy. I love that. How's it going, Blythe? Ooh! She stressing out  a little bit? I get the stuffing in the pan  and into the oven, but I check on my hens  and they are just -- They're not cooking. She keeps opening  the oven, and so the oven  keeps losing heat. This is totally  stressing me out. I've got to get a cooked bird  on this plate or it's over. 19 minutes! It's so stressful right now. Like, time's running out and my game hens  are just not cooking. They are not behaving, so I'm, like,  laser-focusing bird cookery. Blythe, how we looking?  I'm concerned. Need me to put an apron on?  No. I don't want to ruin this suit.  I got a plan. I know  that I have to do something, so I start cutting these birds and get heat  inside of them faster so I can cook my birds  all the way through. There you go.  Keep working. It's hot. Like, finger-burning,  skin-searing hot. Don't mash them up. Just got to make sure you make them beautiful. I get them back in the oven. It's like stress upon stress  upon stress. But I look over and Bobby  is scrambling, too, so, you know, neck and neck. I'm feeling a little stressed  about the time. I have my stuffing in the oven. My Cornish game hens  are still working. The meat is very tender. I didn't want it  to be overcooked, so I'm gonna put them  in the oven, this way it will cook  really evenly and nice and slowly. Lookit.  Bobby is sweating. She really put him  through his paces. I believe that this girl's gonna own it as long as those chickens  are cooked. You got 15 minutes left. Blythe, let's go.  Let's get this stuff done. Time is ticking down,  and I am drowning. I still have to finish  my sauce. I'm using all these vegetables that I originally cut up  for the hens. I deglaze with some wine and then I throw in some butter. She is not afraid of using that fat crutch. Butter and booze  really just enhances flavors. Flavortown. Feel like that's where she lives -- in Flavortown. Well, thank you. Well, it looks like  I'm gonna have to bring out the big guns of flavor  if I want to win this. So I'm gonna do  pomegranate glaze and brush it on top of my hens. So it's pomegranate molasses,  Dijon, lots of black pepper. I try to hit the judges  over the head with big flavors. How you doing, Chef? What's up, dude? Look at that stuff. The master of his domain. There's a reason  why the guy's Bobby Flay. You know what I mean?  Look at that stuff. What are you deep-frying? Brussels sprouts. I'm gonna put some  fried Brussels sprouts  on top of the hen. That will give it a little bit  of crispiness and a good  contrast with texture. 10 minutes left, chefs. She got cranberries. That, to me, just screams holidays. But, I mean, I don't think she has time. My cranberry jam,  it's got butter, we got orange jest, a bunch of hard spices in there, cayenne 'cause I want the heat, brown sugar,  orange-flavored liqueur. It's gonna be  a beautiful balance between sweet and the boozy. It's definitely  a rich, decadent dish. The problem is, you have to cook  cranberries slow and low till the sugar starts  to break down the actual fruit. Blythe is spending  a tremendous amount of time on those cranberries. On the cranberries. Oh, my God. It's like she's gonna give those cranberries a nervous breakdown. Blythe, stop stirring your cranberries and just do your chickens! Anne is shouting at me  to check on my hens, and thank God she did. Boo. I look at my hens  and they're quite pale, still not cooked. I'm nervous. All right. Your hens are very pale still. Yeah. What are you gonna do? What are you gonna do?  Pray. That's not good enough. What are you gonna do? No, I'm gonna stick them  in the fryer. I get a hen in the fryer. The problem is,  my birds are this big and my fryer is this big, and I can't wait  for one bird to cook and then add another one. There's not time for that. She's not gonna get done. So I grab some pans,  literally do anything I can to get these birds cooked. - Nerve-wracking stuff. - How much time? Less than three minutes. Looks like Blythe is having  a little bit of a hard time getting her whole hens cooked. I'm glad that I actually started  by breaking down the birds. I might be giving up  a little bit of presentation, but, you know, I'm just gonna bring the flavor. Let's go, chefs!  Get it done, get it done! I'm just kind of running  all over the place, but I do need to start plating. Get the stuffing,  the three pieces of the hen, pomegranate glaze on top  of the hens, and as a garnish,  pomegranate seeds and then some of the crispy  Brussels sprouts at the end. By some Christmas miracle, I think my hens  are gonna be done in time, but I want to keep them cooking  till the last possible second. 30 seconds! Let's get it done, Blythe!  Let's get it done! Look, she's got stuffing. She's got her birds. She's got a sauce. She's got  a complete dish. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  Oh, my God. All right. 10, 9... 8, 7... 6, 5... 4, 3... 2, 1. That killed me. I'm impressed that Blythe  got her whole hens cooked, but I think that I'm gonna try  to win it on flavor. My God. I'm taking  a really big risk here by cooking my game hens  two different ways, but I had to get my Cornish  game hens cooked on a plate, and I'm not worried because  I know my flavors are huge. Blythe, Bobby,  congratulations on finishing. Thank you.  Thank you. That was a nail-biter  right down to the wire. And now we'd like to  introduce you to your judges. First up is the chef  and cookbook author of "Exotic Table,"  Aliya Leekong. And next to her,  twin brothers and hosts of Heritage Radio's  "Snacky Toons," Greg and Darin Bresnitz. Judges, as you know,  this is a blind taste test, so please start with the dish  in front of you. I think it's a lot of fun  to get a whole bird. It's very holiday. That being said, as I worked  my way in from the bird, it got juicy to drier, and then there's definitely  some undercooked stuff here, especially for the parts  of the breast. You know, 45 minutes,  it's just really tough. I would agree. It's a little bit drier  on the fried, but the skin is perfect. We sort of had different preparations. There was a nicely crisped fried one in the center,  so we had to share. I think if fried had been the intention from the beginning, it could have been a really beautiful way of preparing. What do you think about  the cranberries? Cranberry sauce is pretty  on point, especially with this type  of custard stuffing. The cranberry sauce  is nice 'cause it cuts through it  a little bit. There's a lot of flavor  in the stuffing. I love that pop of sage. I'm proud of my food, but I just don't know  if it's gonna go my way. Judges, please try the second plate that's in front of you. The skin is perfect  with really juicy meat. But I think  having three parts takes some  of the decadence away. And then  the pomegranate molasses is a little sweet for me. The stuffing was really flavorful. I love the goat cheese  in there. It balanced out some of that pomegranate, and the bird was perfectly cooked. I would agree, but I wish  I had more Brussels sprouts. It seemed almost like  a garnish or an afterthought when it could have really added  to the overall dish. I don't know which way  this is gonna go. Blythe went really kind of  old-school comfort food, which is the way a lot of people eat at holidays. But I just took  a more modern approach to the Cornish game hen. Chefs, the judges have voted, and the winner is... Bobby Flay. Good job. Chef, great job. I just thought that Bobby's dish was a little bit more flavorful and just  cooked through evenly, but I love  getting a whole hen. It's a very decadent dish. You did a really good job. Thank you. Thank you. Today I tried  to go big or go home, and it looks like  I'm going home. But Bobby was sweating today. I feel like I gave him  a run for his money. One more time. We know. You won.  You can punch out. I was hoping to give him, like, a lump of coal in his stocking, - but you know what? - We lost. There we go. Happy holidays.  There it is.  Happy holidays, Bobby. Thanks.  Thanks for nothing. Well, nothing rounds out  the holidays like a twist on a classic,  and that's why I got the win. Happy holidays, everybody.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 