Dr. Pimple Popper: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dr. Pimple Popper 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dr. Pimple Popper (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 captions paid for by discovery communications Matt: I was born with a skin condition. It causes tumors that grow on my body. The tumor causes an excruciating amount of pain. I don't know what these are. This might be malignant. It could be life-threatening. I brought some ammunition. Liquid nitrogen treatment is so cold that it burns. I have a bump on my head. Oh, I see your bump. Okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I refer to it as my unicorn bump. [ Straining ] Now, there's something wrong here. Like, what is going on? Oh, my gosh. Yamileth: When I'm dancing onstage, people notice the lump, and they're like, "what is that?" I can't even hide it no more. Oh, my god, oh, my god, oh, my god. Do you not want to do this? ♪♪ My name is Matt. I was born with a skin condition called neurofibromatosis. Neurofibromatosis causes tumors that grow on my body. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪♪ I have tumors that are on my stomach and my torso. I've had tumors that are on both my eye. I've had tumors inside my body. The tumor causes an excruciating amount of pain that I have to live with daily. ♪♪ Growing up, we went to neurofibromatosis doctors who specialized in this, and they didn't have an answer to what to do. When I had to go to school, I felt like I was a target. I had to deal with speech impediments because of my neurofibromatosis. I was constantly being bullied, being pushed around. People were saying, "oh, look at this bubble neck, and look at hankie. I don't want him 'cause he's gross." It was a rise for them, but for me, it was just humiliation. ♪♪ My freshman year of high school was when I had my first surgery. They did procedures on my neck down to my shoulder. My second surgery was to reduce even more of my neck, because it had grown back again. About a year ago, I had spoken to a doctor to find out if I can do more surgery. They said, "no, there's nothing we can do just because this is all cosmetic." They don't understand that these are the things that irritate me, that I want done not just because it's cosmetic. ♪♪ I'm a courier. I deliver packages all over Colorado. With my job, I have to make these adjustments because of tumors that can grow. I can't use my right side as easily I can my left side because I have this tumor on my side, and I feel like it's a rock stuck in my side, and it hurts. I'm fearful that they're going to grow larger. I'm afraid that it's just going to cause more pain as I age. The thing that I'm really hoping Dr. Lee can do is take my pain away, pain that I have to live with daily. ♪♪ I have a patient coming in today who has a lifelong condition, really, so I'm interested in seeing what exactly is going on here. Matt: I'm finally here to see Dr. Lee, and I am very excited to meet her. I'm hoping she's able to remove the tumors that are on my side and one that's on my back that are aggravating me, giving me a lot of bother just so I can live everyday life without suffering in pain. - Hello. - Hi, there. How are you? Are you Matt? - Yes, ma'am. - Hi. I'm Sandra. It's really nice to meet you. - Pleasure. - What can I do for you? I have neurofibromatosis... - Okay. - ...Which is nf1. Yes, neurofibromatosis type one. That's what it looks like from the get-go for me. This looks like, to me -- if you don't mind if I touch it? - No. - This looks to me like what's called a plexiform neurofibroma. - Yeah. - And that can be, like, those can be larger like this and kind of droopy and kind of, like, multiple folds here. I had this done twice, and it went all the way to here. Okay, so they really did take out a lot. That's why I see this scarring here. So, let's kind of talk about the things that bother you here, you know? Are these things really -- are some of them causing you a lot of pain or discomfort, or -- - there's a bump right here. - Let me see. Dr. Lee: Matt has had some help already with some of the physical skin deformities that he has from his neurofibromatosis, but neurofibromatosis has a lot of tricks up its sleeve. There are bumps that occur just under the skin, things that you can't physically see, but something that can be excruciatingly painful, excruciating. So these are the things that I'm hoping I can help him with today. That's the one where it's like if you hit your funny bone... - Right. - ...It hurts that intense. I know. It's, like, really firm, actually. Yeah, like a rock. Like a skipping rock. Yep, a painful one. Well, it's pretty superficial. I'm not really exactly sure what you got there. Maybe we could put a little Nick and kind of pull that little thing out for you. I have one that's right on my back of my shoulder. One of the scary things about neurofibromatosis is there are bumps that can occur on your body that could be cancerous or could be life-threatening, so this is a serious condition. I don't know what these are, so if we feel like it's not something we need to take out, we're not going to pursue it. Unfortunately, I cannot cure this condition, but I can hopefully help in some way to make his life better. My husband is also a board-certified dermatologist, and we work together, so it's really nice when you can talk about options with another doctor. Yeah, so, he's got these neurofibromas. They're kind of, like, something rubbery underneath there, but firm. Not like classic neurofibromas, or -- not classically, not popping out of his skin. Do they feel kind of mobile, and, I mean -- they move around, but they're hard, also, and they're like pieces of cartilage under there. It's like one mass that you'd be able to remove. Yeah, an entity, and could be cancer, right? I mean, there's always a possibility. I don't know what these bumps are, so we're going to remove them today, and we're certainly going to send them to a dermatopathologist who's going to analyze them and make sure that they're nothing to worry about. Okay. It's, like, kind of like he's got this shard under here, like, this strange sliver. ♪♪ It's pulling on you 'cause it's stuck to you down below. Matt: Holy smoke. Come to mama, papa. Yamileth: When I'm dancing onstage, people notice the lump, and they're like, "ew. What is that?" I don't want people judging me for this. Dr. Lee: It's, like, kind of like he's got this shard under here, like, this strange sliver, like a piece of bark. Matt came to me because of his neurofibromatosis. He has many skin tumors inside and out. I've decided to help him if I can, remove some of those painful, deeper-seated tumors. Dab it again. ♪♪ I'm excited to show this to you. Oh, please do. - Wow. - What is that? That is literally a little worm. I've never seen anything like this growth that I've just removed from Matt's abdomen. It looks like a petrified, rubberized piece of macaroni. I wonder if the other ones are going to look like this. Let's see what this one looks like. Yeah. This one was a little bit, like, kind of deeper. Okay, let's see if this one will squeeze out. ♪♪ This one's got -- this one looks like Patrick from "spongebob." [ Chuckles ] This is another one that I haven't seen before. It looks like a little starfish, and it doesn't really fit into any category in my mind. It doesn't look like a cyst. Doesn't look like a lipoma. It doesn't look like a neurofibroma. What is it? Come on. There we go. - Holy smokes. - [ Laughs ] Yours are like cartoon characters. - Uh-huh. - That's what they are. - Okay, we are done up here. - Okay. We're going to flip you. The first two bumps that I removed were very mobile. They moved independent of his body, but as I turned Matt around to really remove the one on his back, I noticed that that one didn't move like that. It really seemed to be stuck to deeper structures. That, to me, is concerning, because that means that this might be an aggressive growth that could be malignant. It could be life-threatening. This is the papa one. ♪♪ There he is. It's like a little eyeball under there. Come to mama, papa. ♪♪ It's pulling on you, okay? Make sure it's not terrible, 'cause it's stuck to you down below. Geez. ♪♪ Almost got him. Almost got him. ♪♪ Whew. Going to send those out, find out what the heck they are. You do know that, like, with neurofibromatosis, you have an increased chance of certain kinds of cancers and things like that? I always heard, like, there's that risk of cancer happening. Yeah. Because there is an increased risk for malignancies, I'm certainly going to send these off and have them checked in the microscope, and I hope that they're nothing to worry about. We're going to send those out for pathology, so I'll call you when we get the results, and we'll figure out what you got here. - Okay. - I'll talk to you soon, okay? To be introduced to Dr. Lee, I feel really blessed and happy that she's doing something to take this pain away that I've gone through for so long. And now with her sending off all of the parts that she removed, I'm very curious, and I have a little bit of anxiety, but right now, I just feel full of happiness. [ Voice breaking ] Just thank you from the bottom of my heart for taking away my pain, for really just really doing something that means everything to me. ♪♪ My name is Yamileth. I'm 22 years old, and I have a bump by my neck. ♪♪ When I was about 10 years old, I remember I was rubbing, like, this area right here, and then it felt like a little ball. And as I grew older, it kind of got bigger and bigger. To me, it looks like a medium-sized avocado. It's squishy, like, almost all this part, and then at the top part, there is, like, this hard ball. ♪♪ It is exhausting trying to hide this bump. I just want to be able to, like, ride my bike without wearing a scarf or without trying to, like, pull my hair to the front. I like to work out, but I feel like I'm getting stared at because when I get sweaty, obviously, I got to put my hair up in a ponytail. I just don't like it when people stare at this, you know? ♪♪ When I was in high school, I did get bullied. Kids would pick on me, and I remember this kid would say, "oh, you know, that's Yamileth, the girl with the ball by the neck." Or, "ugh, that's nasty. That's disgusting." Bullying really affected me. It affected my studies. Couldn't concentrate 'cause I was overwhelmed with people harassing me in the hallways, and I just fell behind. So eventually, I stopped going to school and focused on trying to get a job, and that's how I got into, you know, exotic dancing. ♪♪ There have been times when I'm dancing onstage, and people notice the lump, and they're like, "ew, what is that?" It affects when I interact with people, 'cause instead of looking at my face, they look at the lump, and it's so embarrassing. I do have dreams of, like, working in the music industry, becoming a backup dancer, 'cause music and dancing, you know, are my passion. But if I have this, it will make me feel self-conscious and embarrassed. I want people to see me for me and my talent. If this lump is removed, it would just, like, open, like, a whole new door for me. I would be able to walk into places without worrying about hiding this anymore. ♪♪ So I'm here to see Dr. Sandra Lee, and I'm kind of scared. I don't want anything bad to happen to me. And I've never had any procedure done in my life, but I know that I'm in good hands. I would love to become a backup dancer, but I wouldn't want to perform with this, you know, 'cause I want people to see me for me, you know? I don't people judging me for this. All right. You can go ahead and have a seat right there, and Dr. Lee's going to be in in just a moment, okay? All right, thanks. If she removes it, I'm going to have more confidence, and I'm just going to feel a lot better about myself. - Hi! - Hi. How are you? Yamileth? Yamileth, but people call me yami for short, - you know? But, yeah. Hi. - Yami, it's nice to meet you. Welcome. Nice to have you here. - Finally. - You look beautiful. - Thank you. You, too. - What's going on? - Oh, thank you. What's going on? - Well, I actually have this lump - right here. - Okay. I've had it since I was a little kid. I kind of noticed it when I was around age 10, and then... - Okay. - ...As I became older, you know, it grew bigger and bigger, and now it is just embarrassing. Ugh. I can imagine. It's like you have to always be conscious - of your hair being there. - I hate it. I hate it. Do you ever have any pain, or -- it doesn't, like, hurt, you know, when I do this. It's just, like, a little itchy, and -- okay. But let me see what this is, 'cause it is in, like, - a concerning area, you know... - Yeah, it is. ...like, where it is on your neck here. Yami's bump is in a really precarious position. There's not a lot of fat there to protect your skin from deeper structures. It is mobile. Like, it moves around really well. It's okay. Is it hard for you when I move it around? No, it's just I'm scared. Like, I don't want nothing bad to happen. - Don't be scared. - Yeah. All right. I mean, you can move it around pretty well. - That's a good sign. - But what is this, you know -- what the knob is? I don't know. I think we'll have to figure it out when we see it. All signs in my mind point to a lipoma, but the knobby part, the firm part, is a little bit of a mystery for me. Is it stuck to her? Is it something that I can remove? I really am not going to get a better idea until I start doing the surgery. Are you ready to get this removed? Yeah. Oh, my god! - You sure? - I'm scared. If you want to change your mind, we can go home. - No, no, no, no. - No, I don't think you're going - to change your mind. - I'm not going to die, right? No! You better not! We're going to make sure that you're comfortable. And I know you're anxious, and it's hard, 'cause it's, like, on your neck. I know it's, like, right next to you, but we'll just make sure you're as comfortable as you can be. Oh, my god. All right. I'm good. All right. You'll be good, but you can't freak out - while we're doing it, either. - Ah! You'll be fine. Okay? I'll be back. Yami is really nervous about this procedure, but I really need her to calm down. If she can't relax, and if she's not able to sit still, we can't do the surgery. You guys thought when you brought her back it was a cyst. I think it's a lipoma. - I thought it was a lipoma. - I changed my mind. - Oh, you did? - I told her I changed my mind, - but she wouldn't let me. - I thought it was a lipoma. 'Cause when you squeeze it, it's got that, like, knobby kind of -- I think there's a lipoma there. I think there's a little scar tissue on one side, but we shall see. Yamileth: I don't like blood. I hate it. I kind of, like, get, like, weak seeing blood. Like, if I see blood, I'm like, "aah," you know? - Ah! - You'll be good. All right. I'm trying to, like, keep my cool and, you know, be calm, but, like, a lot of fear stuff is going through my head. You know, is, like, blood going to splatter all over the walls? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. What am I doing? I'm just drawing on you. Do you not want to do this? Oh, my goodness. ♪♪ It's got a little flex in it. I've never seen anything like this. There's still more coming. Oh, my god. Dr. Lee: Matt, I have your biopsy result. Matt: I've always wondered if I'm prone to cancer. Now I'm like, well, what are the results of what I've been living with? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Dr. Lee: What am I doing? I'm just drawing on you. Do you not want to do this? Yami is here for me to remove a pretty big lump at the base of her neck, but I can tell she's really getting nervous, and she's having some second thoughts. Keep breathing, okay? Just make sure you got good oxygen in your lungs, okay. All I'm going to do is put this gauze on you here... - Oh, my god. - ...And you might feel just one little, baby pinch here. That's not too bad, right? I don't want to die. Oh, my god. Don't even talk like that. Oh, my god. The last time that I was this nervous was maybe when I went on my first date. Oh, tell me about this first date. When I have a patient as nervous as yami, I like to use talk-esthesia. I talk to patients and ask them open-ended questions so they are really distracted from what I'm doing. Did you really like it? No, I mean, not really. I mean, he was a cool guy, but it just -- he looked like a spoon, you know, like -- - a spoon? - Yeah, like big head and skinny -- I don't know. ♪♪ I just lost my bet. This is not a lipoma. This is a cyst. - You have a cyst here. - Yay! That's good. It's going to pop out. - It's a cyst. - Yes, it is. Yes! It's got a little flecks in it like chives. ♪♪ - You okay? - I'm good. - Okay. - I'm just -- I'm relieved. - I'm relieved that -- - there's still more coming. I've never seen cyst contents like yami's. I mean, hers looked like grits with chives. Here's that hard -- it's stuck right here. Now I have to figure out this hard knot under the skin. I've got to figure out what it is, and I've got to figure out a way to get it out. Let's see if I have to loosen this little bit right here. What -- ♪♪ It's like you got a little coin under here. You're doing great. You're doing great. ♪♪ That's that hard bit right there. We'll show -- we'll take a look at it in a little bit. All right. You got anything you want to put in here, precious in here? No extra change? [ Laughing ] No. That's funny. [ Laughs ] Yami's surgery was actually pretty fun, and I think that scar line's going to be really well-hidden in her clavicle. That thick kind of scar, that bump that she felt, I'm certainly going to send that to pathology just to make sure it's nothing to be concerned about. The flecks, I don't know exactly what they are. I'm interested in seeing what they look like under the microscope. Oh, my god! - It's out! Thank you. - It looks good. Dr. Lee: Look at how beautiful your neckline is. Thank you. Thank you. - It's so pretty. - Both of you, thank you so much. Oh, it looks beautiful. You're awesome. I looked at the mirror for the first time, and I saw a new person in me, a new person with a new confidence. You changed my life. Thank you. The exotic dancing thing is kind of, like, a temporary thing. The cyst stopped me from becoming a backup dancer. But now that I have this removed, I feel like I can do whatever I want. I feel like I could finally pursue my goals. Like, I feel unstoppable. ♪♪ Dr. Lee: Well, that one was fun. Also was the craziest cyst I think I've seen. Hers was definitely the texture of, like, potatoes. - Yeah. - Like mashed potatoes. - Right. - Like, it was thick. Yeah, not completely pureed but, like a little bit chunky and then, like someone threw some, like, cut-up green onions in there. Yeah, I've never seen anything like that before, yeah. Dang it, I missed it. I didn't see it. Yeah. It really did look like that. - Let's go eat lunch. - [ Laughs ] ♪♪ My name is pat. I'm 66 years old, and I have rapidly-spreading moles covering my neck, my temples, my upper chest, and my lower abdominal area. They started in my mid-20s, but back then, they spread very, very slowly, and I really wasn't concerned with them. But during my late 40s, they started to spread rapidly. And during the last three years, they have spread very rapidly, and that's a concern for me. - Good morning. - How are you today? Pretty good. My dad, who passed away, he had skin cancer, so always at the back of my mind is the thought of skin cancer. I'd just like to know what is causing these moles, and I'm hoping Dr. Lee will be able to give me a definitive answer. Dr. Lee: Well, hello. - How are you? - Hi. - Aren't you lovely? - Thank you. - I'm Sandra. - I'm so happy to meet you. Welcome. You look so beautiful - and so classy. - Oh, thank you. [ Laughs ] What can I do for you today? I have these moles that are a bit of concern to me. - Okay. - They're spreading, and they're kind of a hindrance. - My clothes catch on them. - Yes. - They itch, and they sting. - Okay. And then, I'm also concerned, because at the back of my mind - is that thought of skin cancer. - Okay. These are called seborrheic keratoses. Have you ever heard that before? I've never heard that before, no. Seborrheic keratoses, they are really common. A lot of people confuse them for moles, and they're not moles. They're just growths that occur. The annoying thing is that they're there, and then you keep getting more, and so you sort of fight the fight. I mean, we have people coming in here repeatedly, 'cause you take off some of them, and they get new ones. That's just the cycle that happens. Pat has so many of these seborrheic keratoses. It's almost as if she has more of them than she has regular skin. Usually, we can't treat all of these in one session, but I think it's definitely worth a try. And the number of these that I can remove is very dependent on her pain threshold. I would suggest getting the ones that you can see - most of the time. - Exactly. Exactly. Dr. Lee was able to definitively say what it was, but the main thing is they're treatable. And she recommended that we take some off today, which I'm on board with that. - I brought some ammunition. - I see. I'm two-fisted here. This is the liquid nitrogen canister. I don't know if you've seen this before, but it sprays liquid nitrogen out. Liquid nitrogen is really cold. - It's like 300 below. - Mm-hmm. Right. So, let me take a look with the light here, okay? I got my little magnifier here. Yeah, you can see what's called follicular plugs. There's, like, all these little dots in some of them, and they have this sort of pasted-on appearance, a waxy kind of look. This is very typical for seborrheic keratoses. They look like that under the microscope, too. You got these little plugs. Okay. And over here. We're going to start with the liquid nitrogen here now. I'm going to start in the areas that you have more confluent. You know, like, they're kind of almost connected here. Pat: I'm a little nervous about the procedure, because I know it's going to be extra, extra cold, and that will hurt a little bit, so I'm just going to be as positive and optimistic as I can. I brought two of them, 'cause sometimes we use it so much that you can get a little frostbite on it, and I have to do it again. Liquid nitrogen treatment can be pretty painful. It is so cold that it burns. I know myself. I could probably only tolerate three or four s.K.S removed at one time. So, just turn your head this -- away from here. Okay. Pat here has hundreds of them. Let me see how many she's going to tolerate me treating. No pain, no gain. I'm going to use a little cold spray here, okay? Okay. ♪♪ Dr. Lee: I'm going to use a little cold spray here, okay? - Cold. - Okay. I'm ready. Pat has a bunch of seborrheic keratoses. She's peppered with them all over her torso, her neck, parts of her face. One of the best ways of treating them is hitting them with a little bit of liquid nitrogen. - Oh, you're tough. - I am. - But it's cold. - I am tough. I'm surprised at the way that pat is reacting, because when that liquid nitrogen first hits your skin, it often makes people jump. It's like a coldness boring deep under your skin. And she's, like, not even budging at all. ♪♪ Oh, if you can tolerate me, I might be able to do most of them here. - That'd be great. - Oh, I'm tough. Just cry uncle if you need a break. Okay. ♪♪ I got to get a new one, 'cause, see, that's got frostbite on it now. Look at that. It's all frosted, so I got to use a new one. I don't think I've ever had a patient with the pain tolerance that pat has. A lot of patients can't tolerate this procedure. I call it the Muhammad Ali syndrome, because when you come at them with that liquid nitrogen, they, like, Bob and weave. They get out of your way. I'm a Muhammad Ali. I'm the same way. I do the same thing. I float like a butterfly, and I sting like a bee. [ Laughs ] ♪♪ All right. I'll switch that out. Thank you. Imagine if you get frostbite on something, how it aches later. Well, the skin aches when you're treating it, and it aches later. I think she knows that if I sense any discomfort in her, I might pause, and she's not going to give me an ounce of emotion, 'cause she wants them all gone. In my whole career, I've never had anybody withstand me treating more than 40 or 50 of these seborrheic keratoses. I have never treated more than that at one time. Wow, she is tough. I know this does not feel good, but she makes it likes it's nothing. Once you get used to that little piercing sting, - you know what to expect. - You kind of get used to that. Pat: I was practicing relaxing. And I did the mind over matter thing. I was comparing that pain to other pain that I've experienced. I had migraines until I was in my 50s, so that's how I was able to get through that. Looking good! I think I got most of them! Pat did wonderfully. She's so stoic. I was able to take off over 300 seborrheic keratoses. That is the most I've taken off in one sitting. That can take quite a while, and she was able to withstand this for at least 45 minutes. I was able to get all the big ones there. - Yeah. - So, fantastic. That's great. That's what I was here for. I always tell my patients, with this sort of procedure, that they're going to look worse before they look better. These areas will darken and kind of scale up, maybe even blister. They peel off over the next couple weeks, and then her skin's going to look gorgeous and nice and smooth and clear. Good news is I don't think anything here is life-threatening. That's awesome to know. That is so assuring to me, because that thought was just, like -- - always in your mind. - Yeah. People ask me all the time, "how do you know this isn't cancerous?" Well, this is my job. This is what I do day in and day out. - Take care, okay? - I will. - Okay. - I will. I haven't had a smooth neck probably since I was 19. Dr. Lee assured me that these growths are noncancerous, and that was the cherry on top of everything. ♪♪ ♪♪ It's really nice out today, too. Oh, it is. It is. My name is Jennifer Sawyer. I'm 32, and I currently live in hawthorne, California. And I have a bump on my head. ♪♪ I refer to it as my unicorn bump. I've had this as long as I can remember. I came up with the name "unicorn bump" when I was probably a good 13 or 14 or so. It made me feel better about it. It kind of made me laugh a little bit about it. It was very small at that point, maybe a little bigger than, like, a pimple. The doctor told me not to worry about it, told me not to touch it, and that it would just go away by itself. But here I am now in my 30s, and it has since evolved into a way bigger bump. I have a couple more back here also, more about the size of peas, and this one here I'd say roughly about the size of a gumball. Even though I've had my bump forever, I've never gone out to have a doctor remove it because it wasn't a problem until just now. When I touch my unicorn bump, it kind of feels like a grape, but a very hard, solid grape. It's smooth. It's warm. Unfortunately, hairless. Can't imagine what's inside of it. Um -- [ Laughs ] I -- ugh. I do bump it a lot on doors and getting in and out of the car, and it hurts. It's never punctured or anything like that, but it's pretty much a funny bone hurt, where you hit it, and you laugh a little bit 'cause it hurts so bad, and then it's just sore for a little bit. I have been working on a voice. - When aren't you? - [ Laughs ] Okay. Call this my new yorker. [ Clears throat ] She's kind of a little saucy, I got to say, but she does have a little attitude. I just moved to L.A. I'm trying to become a voice actor, and I have to have meetings with people where I can't always fix my hair to cover my bump. I've definitely noticed how the bump has affected her self-esteem. Coming down to L.A., she needs to have that confidence to pursue what she wants, and she hasn't really started that yet because of the bump and how her confidence is affected by that. It's so much harder when you have something like this just right in the middle of your head. And I hope it can be removed, because it's something I've wanted my entire life. And if I find out that there's just "no," like, that's the answer, I think it'd be a little devastating to me. ♪♪ I'm finally here to see Dr. Lee, and I am so excited. I'm a little nervous about the surgery. Definitely a little worried about having a bald spot. Crossing my fingers here that's not going to happen. When Dr. Lee cuts open my bump here, I'm really hoping for an explosion of glitter. That would be the best-case scenario. Worst-case scenario is it's, like, a creature or something that is really creepy. Make yourself comfortable. Dr. Lee will be in very shortly. - Excellent. Thank you. - You're welcome. I'll take glitter. That's what I'll go with. Knock-knock. Hi! - Hi. - You Jennifer? - Yes. - Jenny. Jenny? - Jenny, please. - Jenny. Nice to meet you, Jenny. - Welcome. - Thank you. What are you coming in here to see me for? - I have a bump. - You have a bump. - Oh, I see your bump. Okay. - Yes. So, yeah, I mean, this is a pretty big one. I bet you have to do a major comb-over, right? That's what I've been living with. Well, I'm trying to be a voice actor, so I just moved out here, and I'm like, "oh, my god. Everyone's going to stare at me and see my bump." How long have you had this bump? As long as I can remember. - As long as you can remember. - Yes. It started out smaller and slowly grew? Yes, and I remember, you know, the doc-- "don't touch it. It'll just go away." - Okay, okay. - I didn't touch it, - but it never went away. - Okay. You don't have any others? Surprise, surprise, I do. - Oh, you do? - They're just not that big. Not very big, okay. You have another one back there. I've got one, two -- there's two back here. Okay, I see them. Yeah. Okay. So, the reason that I think that this is nothing to really worry about is because it moves around. You know, it, like, kind of bops around when I push it, and the fact that you have a couple other ones. It's not uncommon for a Pilar cyst, for you to have multiple ones on the scalp. - Okay. - They kind of slowly grow. It's a cyst under there which is kind of derived - from your hair follicle. - Okay. And these cysts that occur on the scalp like this, they tend to have a thicker wall on them. But they still shed, and that's why they're growing, because they're shedding skin into the sac. Which may explain why it kept getting bigger. - Yeah. So, shall we? - Please. You know, everybody gets a little nervous when they're waiting for surgery. I'm definitely feeling it. Sweaty palms. But this is something that I've been waiting for for a very long time, and I feel like I'm in the right place. Dr. Lee: It's like "the three little piggies." This little one is right here, one right here. - Big one in front. - This is the leader. We'll try to take off a little extra skin to see if we can't, like, hide that little bald spot. There is a little uneasiness. I'm worried that there would be a bald spot there. Who knows? Just a little pinch here. Like, this is better than the dentist. Absolutely, girl. - You better say that. - Heck yeah. I'm hoping these cysts will be very straightforward, that they'll pop out really easily. I do know that Jenny is concerned about having a residual bald spot. - Goodbye, unicorn! - That's right. Here we go. That could be a problem if her cyst causes me problems, so let's hope that that doesn't happen. All right. Let's see what you got under here. Yamileth: It's been like a month and a half, and now I feel beautiful inside and out. Now, that's what's up. Dr. Lee: All right. So, I'm going to push against you. I'm not trying to push your head off the chair. So just resist me when I -- re-cyst me. You get it? - Got it. - Another one of my little cyst jokes. "Resist me." Re-cyst me. [ Chuckles ] - You just got it? - I did, yes. [ Laughter ] Jenny has three bumps on her head that we're about to remove. The ones on the back of her head are pretty small and not really noticeable. However, the one on the front of her scalp is pretty noticeable. Not only is it important for me to remove this bump completely, but I've got to make sure I don't leave her with a big, old bald spot. ♪♪ I have a little theory on my Pilar cysts. I usually see them in threes if they're somewhat small, 'cause I feel like, once you get three, you're like, "okay. Now there's something wrong here. Like, what is going on?" This one looks like a tick kind of, - an engorged tick. - Like, name him. Guess what? - What? - We're onto number two. What! And so far, your cysts are behaving, but I, like, don't like to talk so soon, because then I jinx it. I'm going to push against you again, okay? Can you dab that top again? [ Straining ] Ugh. Okay. Got it. - Did you feel that little pop? - I think I heard that, yes. Yes, I heard it. That's crazy. I can feel that. - Well, it is your head. - I know -- [ Laughs ] Okay, I'm going to lower your head down a little bit. Okay. And this is big mama. Oh, yeah. Bet you're feeling pretty good right now. Oh, my gosh. Yes. Okay, good. Good. So are we. ♪♪ Now I'm going to give you another little squeeze here. ♪♪ You okay? - Yep. - You just heard it? - I did. It was weird. - You heard a pop. - All right. I know. - Oh, god. I hear it. It's like she had gnocchi on her scalp. - Oh, the little pastas. - The little pasta balls, mm-hmm. That's what it is -- gnocchi. Oh, yeah, it did bust. I thought I felt it pop already. - Yeah, I saw it on the side. - You saw it? Okay. Did you get that? I hope it did. - You okay? - Mm-hmm. Okay, good. All right. Looks gorgeous. All the cysts are gone. I am removing a little extra skin on the unicorn bump area. Once I do that, she'll have less of a bald spot. Okay, there you go. Now put your fingers. After the surgery, it was probably the first time I had actually touched the top of my head and had it been flat in more than 20 years. It was amazing. I had no idea it was flat up there. Dr. Lee: This was the big mama. Sorry. Does that make you grossed out? Because you're a voiceover actress, I want you to take each cyst, and you're going to tell me what it's thinking in your own cyst voice. Okay, so, this is the mini. Jenny: "Boy, it's good to be free." And then he goes, "bleh." He throws up. And he pukes. Then the second one, which was, like, the tick. "Well, that's about time! I can't believe I was in there for that long!" [ Laughs ] What is he -- what is she going to say, big mama? "Now I'm free!" [ Deep voice ] Good luck, Jenny! [ Laughs ] So that one was a fun one, wasn't it? That's pretty cool that she's a voiceover artist, too. Let me see if I can make a little puppet here. What would you think your Pilar voice would say? "I am a cyst, and I am on a stick." [ Laughs ] You sound like Dracula or something. [ Laughter ] She's turning red. [ Laughs ] Okay. That's enough fun. Get back to work, people. ♪♪ All right. Come on, Jake. There you are, buddy. Jenny: So, it's been about six weeks since I have seen Dr. Lee, and my life has changed in so many ways. I can now walk out of my house with just my keys. I don't need to bring a hat. I don't need to bring a scarf. I don't need to cover up anything. I'm like, "let it all out." This feels great -- the wind in face, no hat on my head. I'm like, you're all the way up there. How's it look? It looks like nothing ever happened. One of my biggest fears was literally having this huge bald spot on the top of my head. That's pretty visible. But you know what? I don't see any bald spot here! ♪♪ "Yes, hello, this is muffin d. Squirrel." I have so much more confidence in myself and my abilities when I have to audition. I can concentrate more on how I want my voice to go and my tone reflection rather than kind of, "are they looking at me?" And it feels great. ♪♪ Yamileth: So it's been like a month and a half since Dr. Lee took out the cyst, and I feel great. I have more confidence. I could finally ride a bike without wearing a scarf. Before, you know, when I would look at myself in the mirror, I would see a person that can't be themselves, and now I feel beautiful inside and out. Now, that's what's up. Years of suffering and being embarrassed, and now looking at my shoulder, it's like, "wow." You know, it's incredible. [ Chuckles ] ♪♪ [ Ringing ] Dr. Lee: I just received Matt's biopsy results, and because he is at a higher risk for cancer, I really wanted to give him a call right away. - Matt? - Yes. It's Dr. Lee, your favorite dermatologist. - Well, hi. How are you? - Remember me? - I do remember you. - How are you? I'm doing very well. Waiting for a call is a lot of anxiety. Like, I've always wondered if I'm prone to cancer with this, and now I'm like, "well, what are the results of what I've been living with?" The one on your abdomen, the right side of your abdomen, that one was the benign neurofibroma. On your middle of your abdomen, that was an angiolipoma. Now, the one on your upper back is called a myxoid neurofibroma. None of these are anything to worry about, nothing we have to treat further. No risks. No sign of any cancer. No sign of anything bad or life-threatening in any way. That makes me feel a lot better, too. Knowing that I have nothing to worry about anymore is just an exciting feeling. I feel a lot happier now. Thank you again. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye, now. ♪♪ Since Dr. Lee removed my tumors, lifting boxes at work is 100 times easier. My daily pain is completely gone. It was like a magic trick. The one that was right on my side really was the one that was causing me the pain for working, and now that that's gone, I don't even notice it anymore when I'm carrying a package. - How you doing? - Good. How you guys doing? - Good. - Good. Now that the pain's gone, I've accepted myself a lot more. I want to do more as far as physical activity and be able to embrace my own body. I want to thank you, Dr. Lee, for what you've done for me, just giving me a fresh start. From the bottom of my heart and everything, I just thank you so much.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 