Dr. Pimple Popper: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dr. Pimple Popper 
 s2e6 - Popping Popeye - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dr. Pimple Popper (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Popping Popeye - full transcript 
 Lisa has a horn growing out of the back of her head and fears that it could be cancer. Victor has a bulbous lump on the middle of his chest. Chuck has a Popeye-shaped bump on his arm. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 captions paid for by discovery communications I have a lump. We're definitely going to need splash screens. We're going to need our protection ready here. Now, do you have the some kind of thing? Yeah. I think it's strange that one brother has a lump and the other one has a lump. Woman: The growth makes me feel gross. Who has, like, a horn growing out of their head? People don't come and see me and then start crying. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Man: Over the last 10 years, it's been growing out of control like a snowball. Dr. Lee: This is going to be a terror to remove. Oh, man, is it a fight. ♪♪ My name is Lisa, I'm 43 years old, and I have a horn on the back of my head. ♪♪ My growth started probably about a year ago. It grows every day. It gets bigger. It's painful at times. It has a ring that it grows out of that is very tender. It's a horn. It's basically... You'd see a rhinoceros. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's a hard horn. ♪♪ I don't want anybody to see it, so I wear my hair up, pretty much tuck it under my hair. If I hit it, it hurts a lot. At work, we have racks, and I'll have to duck under them so when I come back out, I, you know, have to make sure I don't hit my head on them because it causes a lot of pain. The growth makes me feel gross. Who has, like, a horn growing out of their head? ♪♪ So how was your day? It was okay. Yeah? I have been engaged to my fiance for 5 years. He's been asking, "oh, when are we going to get married and set a date?" And I put it off because I want to, you know, look pretty on my wedding day. Usually when you get married you're standing in front of everybody with your back to them. That's the first thing I think they're going to see. Are you going to get that thing taken care of? I'm going to try. Yeah? I hope she can... I can get it taken care of soon. Don't worry about it. You're perfect no matter what, so... Okay. I think what's holding her back is just that she can't do her hair. I see an embarrassment from her, that she doesn't want to go out in public with her hair down. Come on, Jax. Come on. Lisa: I worry what it could be. [ Sniffling ] My worst fear is that it is cancer. My grandmother died of cancer. My father's sister died of cancer. She was right around my age. Probably time I should get it checked. I have not been to a doctor about it. I don't have insurance, so that's the main reason. I don't really like doctors either, but it's not going to go away on its own, so I figure it's time to get it taken care of. ♪♪ Yeah. Oh, sure. How are we with booking out on moles and everything like that? Are we pretty far out? How far is it right now, actually? Looks like we are in August as of right now. In August? Yeah. Lisa: I'm feeling a little nervous, anxious. I think if Dr. Lee can't help me, I don't think anybody would be able to, and I think that if it's cancer and I waited too long to get it looked at, I'm scared to leave my daughter alone. ♪♪ Hi! How are you? Hi. Good, how are you? I'm Sandra. It's nice to meet you. What's going on? People don't come and see me and then start crying. Honey. Just a lot of emotion. Okay. All right. We're just here to talk right now and see what's going on with you, right? Can you tell me a little bit about it? I have a horn growing out of my head. Okay. All right. How long has that been going on? A little over a year. My family suffers from... We get these other cysts on our head. I have a couple of small ones here. Oh, okay. I have one right here. Okay. Yeah, yes, okay. And then there's another one down... And I had one, and it broke, and of course I squeezed it. Uh-huh. It came to a point where I couldn't squeeze it anymore, and then this started growing. Okay. That's called a Pilar cyst. Well, my mother used to call them wens. Yes. She's actually right, wens, w-e-n. That is a way -- another term we use for those on your head. Right. A wen is just another term for a Pilar cyst. Just like a mole is also called a nevus, or a skin tag is also called an acrochordon, or a wart is also called a verruca. All right. Should I take a look at it? I'm very interested in seeing what this bump looks like now. But the way that she describes her wen, it doesn't sound like any Pilar cyst that I've seen before. Yeah. It's like you have a fingernail that's gone crazy over here, huh? Yes. We call that usually a cutaneous horn when we see something like that. That, like, ring around it is super sore. Right. And I can see how that's tender because it's really stretching your skin there. Let me take a little photo of it right now actually too. I mean, I've seen cutaneous horns before. I mean, but certainly this is the largest cutaneous horn that I've ever seen. Girl, we got to get rid of that thing for you. All right? One of the things that I'm certainly thinking about with Lisa here is skin cancer because one type of squamous cell carcinoma called a keratoacanthoma can look like this. I'm not exactly sure what it is. I feel like you've given me a story here that sounds like it could be a Pilar cyst, and it has grown out of control. This is the angriest Pilar cyst I've ever seen if that's the case. Because usually when we see a cutaneous horn, we do think of other things that might be a little bit more concerning, you know, that can happen with types of skin cancers. ♪♪ One big swift knock from your dog and I think you would have had this thing on the floor. The lump is named Larry, Larry the lump. Yeah, you do have a little Larry there. Let's get started and make sure you're nice and comfortable. All right? Do you have any questions at all? Nope. Lisa came in to see me because of this horn growing out of the back of her head. I don't know whether it's benign. I don't know whether it's malignant. I'm hoping to figure out soon. Come here. Come here and see. The only thing, and I want to make sure we rule out, of course, is, like, a skin cancer, like a squamous cell carcinoma. Yeah. So let's try to set her up for, like, a closure, but we'll send a part of it out. ♪♪ I'm going to try to excise this cutaneous horn. If something weird is going on underneath there, I might have to change my plan. We're going to see. All right. So you make sure we're not hurting you at all. There's a little worry in the back of my mind that it could be cancerous. Dr. Lee: I'm just going to pull on this and see. Okay? You guys ready? ♪♪ Yeah, one big, swift knock from your dog, and I think you would have had this thing on the floor. ♪♪ ♪♪ It's gone. I mean, it looks like Pilar cyst contents underneath, but things can mimic that, so I'm just going to try to take all that off. ♪♪ ♪♪ Just need to take that off. Now, that's the skin we're going to check to make sure there's no thing that we're, like, really concerned about. Okay. Sorry, a little tightness there. I am happy to tell you that it looks like we pulled together your skin very nicely there. Okay, you want to see your little friend here? I do. You do? It's almost like a mitten. It's crazy. So that, even if it was a skin cancer or a Pilar cyst, this is all, like, wet skin cells. So as it's emerging out, it was drying up and getting hard like that. Right. Can you get me that metal top for that tray? Listen to this -- [ Tapping ] So I'm going to send that piece in, and I'm going to send some of the regular skin, too. To see the horn that I've had on the back of my head for over a year sitting in front of me feels unreal that it's finally gone. Dr. Lee: Oh, looking good. That's good. Right? So I need to have a serious talk with Lisa. These conversations can be challenging, but they're important. So we took that off. It looks a lot like a Pilar cyst, but the other thing that we really think about is squamous cell carcinoma, which is a type of skin cancer that can grow in this area, and it can have this cutaneous horn. That's what we tend to see. So there is a chance we might have to go in there and remove more just to make sure if there's a cancer there. Okay? It was so nice to meet you. You too. Thank you. I'm glad, and no more tears, so that's good. Thank you. She said that it could be cancer. I'm anxious to come back to get my results. It's gone. Now, you know, we'll take the rest as it comes. ♪♪ So, I'm Victor. I'm 37 years old, and I have a lump. ♪♪ This lump started the last few years. When I got off work one day, I feel this tingling on my chest, and it's just like a pimple, and I mash it, like, and a massive amount of stuff comes out. Over the next couple of days, it just healed like any scab would, and over the years, it just got bigger and bigger and bigger. I have three children, so it's, like, a knob. You know, they want to use it to pull up on and play with it like it's a joystick. My daughter likes to lay on me watching TV shows and so forth. They basically use me as a jungle gym, and then this thing is there. I've named this lump. The lump is named Larry, Larry the lump lump, and Larry needs to get out the way. Dr. Lee is going to be in in just a moment. Okay? Awesome. So I am kind of nervous right now because it is on my chest, you know, so there's a lot of things going on in this area as far as your body. You know, hopefully we don't have any problems today, so we're going to keep fingers crossed and hope for the best. Okay. I hear we've got another patient today. We do. Who's this? His name is Victor. Okay. He has a bump on his chest. Okay. A bump on his chest. All right. And he wants me to pop it I suppose, right? Yes. That's what we do here. I'm going to go say hello to him. Okay. Knock knock. I hear there's a Victor in here. Are you Victor? Hi, I am Victor. Nice to meet you. Good to meet you. I'm Sandra. Yes, Dr. Lee. Please have a seat. So I have a little problem, Larry. You might be able to help me out with that. Who is Larry, or what is Larry? So Larry is here. Okay. Close to your chest? Yes. Close to my heart. Close to your heart. Yes. All right. So I think I'm mentally prepared. Okay? I'm going to take a look at Larry for you. Dun dun dun! You need some Larry music. Yeah, I know, right? Maybe we'll get some. ♪♪ Oh, yeah, you do have a little Larry there. Yeah. May I touch Larry's head, Larry's... Yes. Yes? Okay. In general, this is called a tumor. It doesn't mean that it's life-threatening. It doesn't mean that it's dangerous. It just means a growth on the skin. You know, I know you're probably really concerned where it is because it's right in the middle of our chest. We know we have a lot of important organs under here, but we have ribs under there, and that is protecting our heart and our lungs from me getting anywhere near it. Yeah. When I'm removing something of this size, I'm not taking my sharp scissors. I'm probing straight down deep. I'm slowly using curved, blunt scissors and trying to get underneath this sort of growth without a traumatizing anything deeper. I only want to go as deep as I need to. Okay, people. We got Victor here. He's got, like, a pretty big cyst. I think it's a cyst, and it looks like it's literally hatching from his body. I think it's a cyst. If it's spiders, I'm out. I'm out, too. I'm out of the room. You guys are going to have to finish it up, so let's get started with that. I think that we're just going to use regular surgical kit with, you know, three and four. Make sure you wear your splash masks, and we should be set. Okay? Okay. All right. Got it. Victor: So we don't know what's in there, but I expect Dr. Lee to come in fully suited with, like, a biohazard suit and mask and helmet and hot gloves and, you know, all kinds of equipment. - Hello. - Okay. Woo. Getting all my gear on. You're scaring me. Oh, I'm sure I'm not really scaring you. I'm ready to cut Larry out of the picture. Yes, let's get her done. Okay, just a little baby pinch, okay, baby pinch. You okay? Yes, ma'am. Okay. Oh, that's just your splash screen. Here, let me show you how to use this. I'm giving Victor a splash mask because you never know how a cyst will act. I've had cysts squirt and hit me really close to my eye. If I had my mouth open, maybe hit me in the mouth. That's why I wear splash masks now. That's why I should have invested back in splash masks way back in the day because I'm going through them like candy. Okay, you shouldn't feel anything other than us touching you. All right? Okay. Okay. ♪♪ That is so nasty. Larry was, like, the devil's creamsicle. Having this thing is just an added safety issue. Sheet metal is extremely sharp. Everything around you will kill you. ♪♪ Okay, you shouldn't feel anything other than us touching you. All right? Victor: Okay. Okay. Victor is here today, and he brought his friend, Larry, who lives on his chest. So I'm really looking forward to seeing what Larry is really made of there. ♪♪ I'm right on top of Larry. You okay? Mm-hmm. Good. It is a cyst, absolutely a cyst. Larry is like a little lava right here. I'm going to squeeze him out a little bit, okay? Ooh. Larry is like mud. Okay. Ready? We're going to squeeze again, so make sure I'm not hurting you too bad, okay? Okay. Got it. When I squeeze it initially, it came out in two different directions, and that's because there were two little cuts in the cyst wall. ♪♪ This reminds me of that "beauty and the beast"... Do you know the line I'm thinking of? No? "Try the gray stuff. It's delicious." Oh, my god. You okay? Yeah. Okay. I'm just going to push a little bit more, just a little bit more. It's like two fangs. Larry has got two fangs. You know, I think that cyst colors are different because of our pigment in our skin, you and I have a little more pigment, so we can tend to get ones that are more darker colored. I think a person who is really light complected probably won't as likely get a little dark one. And I'm going to try to get that sac wall out of there... Okay. ...At this point. I'm working really hard to get the sac out because it's really kind of adherent. It's stuck there to his chest. Victor is really easy going. He doesn't seem to be too bothered by this, so that makes things a lot easier. We got it out. All right. Let's put a stitch in there. I'll fix you up. It was a good pop. That was a good pop. ♪♪ Wow. Okay? So this is just brown, which will lighten over time. Yeah? It'll take time. Keep it out of the sun. That's awesome. Larry the loser has left the facilities. Hopefully he's gone on to the afterlife. R.i.p., Larry. Okay. You ready for Larry? Because he was a messy one. Oh, my god. Yeah. All this squeezed out of him. It's just wet, mashed-up skin cells. Oh, my god. It's got chunks in it. That is so nasty. Larry was like the devil's creamsicle. I'll give you a moment to say goodbye. Okay. I'll give you a moment alone. Is there going to be, like, sappy music now and... Yeah. You can cry. You can shed a tear for Larry. Okay? Thank you. You're so welcome. You're awesome. You too. Now I can go back home and let my daughter Maya lay on my chest in peace. See you, Larry. Larry is gone. ♪ Larry is gone ♪ So I'm good. Yeah. She doing good today. Yeah. ♪♪ ♪♪ My name is Chuck Brock. I live in costa mesa, California, and I have a bump, lump on my right arm. ♪♪ ♪♪ When I was about 18, 19, I noticed a small bump, maybe the size of a marble, under the skin. Thought nothing of it, and then it's just gotten larger and larger. Over the last 10 years, it's been growing out of control like a snowball. I'll be like a popeye from one side. I'm self-conscious about it. Try to cover it up. I don't know want the bump to be the conversation every time I come into the room, just having to explain something that's wrong with you. See, this one gets in there, I can get this cleaned out. This one, it just doesn't... There's no way. I mean, there's literally no way I can get my arm in there. It's constantly in the way at work. Sheet metal is extremely sharp. Everything around you will kill you. Having this thing is just an added safety issue. I try not to bump it and try not to stab it, try not to squish it. I don't know want to be the weak link in the chain. ♪♪ It's come to the point where the boss, he wants it gone. Okay, so, yeah, just, le's get this over. Man: It's hanging out there. It's flopping around. You know, he can't reach... Like, if he's trying to fix something, he's trying to reach into something type, it becomes a problem. No doubt about it. Chuck is the face of your company, because he's making deliveries, and when they see Chuck and he's got this big bump on his arm, and people want to say things, and it's definitely annoying, you know. There we go. Oh, thank you, dear. Okay. Woman: When I first met Chuck, the growth was probably size of a quarter. It didn't seem like it grew that fast at first, but then it was like, one day, "wow, there's a, you know, pumpkin on your arm." When people make comments, he'll just kind of roll his eyes and say, "whatever." He says it doesn't bother him, but it does. That thing has been growing on you since I've known you. You can't ignore it anymore, and you can't let it grow another 30 years. Well, I worry that that bump is either going to kill him or leave him disabled. I think he's playing with fire. He should have been trying to take care of it years ago. We both know that you're really scared to get it cut open. Yeah. What you don't know won't hurt you, right? You know, what if I find out it's something really, really bad? So never had it checked out until now. Dr. Lee seems very caring. I think I'll be in good hands. ♪♪ I'm nervous. You know, I'm not used to doctors. Follow me. I just want to get it cut, get it popped, get it gone so I can just go on about my life. ♪♪ Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm Sandra. Hi. Chuck. It's nice to meet you. Welcome. What do you got here? I can I already see it. You got something on your arm. It's like a popeye muscle, isn't it? Let me take a look at it if you don't mind. It's freely mobile on your skin. That's a good sign, you know, that it's above, like, muscle and anything kind of really important under there. Oh, I do think this is a lipoma, but I guess you can't be absolutely certain. I've been tricked before. Something of this size has been a cyst. Really? Yes, yes. My main concern is sometimes they pop out, and sometimes I got to fight with them, so hopefully you're not going to give us a fight, right? Yeah, I'm not giving you a fight. It might, but... If this is a lipoma, I certainly hope that it will come out in one nice pop because if it doesn't, it's a little harder to wrestle with it, and I want to make sure I get it out completely. Okay. So you're ready? Oh, I'm good to go. Okay. All right, I'll see you in a little bit, okay? Okay. The doctor said that the way it jiggles, it's probably on top of that the muscle so hopefully it would be a one single popper. I bet you he'll be excited to get rid of this. I'll tell you that. Well, yeah, I'm not going to be the only one. I'll get my old lady off my back, boss of my back. That's what I'm looking forward to, getting this thing gone and moving on. All right. We're ready to boogie. ♪♪ Here we go. ♪♪ So I guess it's definitely not a blackhead, right? No. It's kind of stuck in you a little bit. Definitely multilobulated. This is a lipoma, but it's a multilobulated lipoma, and that means it has multiple fingers that burrow and get wedged in the skin between normal tissue. I don't think he's going to come off in one full piece. This is going to be a terror to remove. Come on. I want to get to the bottom of it before I cut it. Come on. Oh, man, is it a fight! Come on. I see the lipoma. I'm going to give it a little squeeze though here. Oh, here it is! ♪♪ Come on. I want to get to the bottom f it before I cut it. Chuck has a popeye-like lipoma on his upper arm. It's a multilobulated lipoma, and that means it has multiple fingers that burrow and get wedged. It has grown for the last 30 years. It's found every little nook and cranny under the skin, and it's going to be like arm wrestling with this lipoma. Come on. Little tugs. That's all I need. ♪♪ That was a good chunk. I got part of it out. I'm just trying to get the rest of it. I'm having to pull out this lipoma piece by small piece. Find the secret release here. Come on! [ Sighs ] I just got it right here! It's right there! [ Groans ] ♪♪ I had to be really meticulous when I remove a lipoma like Chuck's. It's sort of like you have to feel with your fingers the different little caverns that are under there, and you just have to do this blindly. Is there anything I can do? No, just think expunging thoughts. I'm hearing noises, and I'm feeling tugs. I try not to think negatively. I try to think positively. I'm just hoping that nothing is getting damaged in the fight. Dr. Lee: I got a good one here. Phew. That was a good chunk. That made me feel better. I need to make sure that I get every last piece that I can find because if I leave any part of this lipoma there, there's a chance that it can grow back goddang it. Okay. I think we're going to stitch you up. Finally the lipoma is all out. Let me tell you, Chuck was a trooper, and it would have been nice for both of us if it would have been a nice, clean pop, but that just wasn't the case. You know, that's the tough thing about this. It's like, I try to guess as much as I can how it's going to be, if it's going to pop out or not. Yeah, it's like that box of chocolates thing, right? Yes, it is. Lipomas are like a box of chocolates. Look at that. Holy moly! That looks good. Yeah! That's not coming back. Shoot! I haven't seen it skinny like that in forever. When I saw my arm for the first time, it was actually very surprising to see it so flat. I haven't seen that since I was a teenager. It feels great let me see the pile. Holy moly! Look at that thing. My old lady is going to be happy. Your lady is going to be happy? Yes. Aw. Chuck looks really great after surgery. His arms match up really well now. If anything, his right arm is probably a little bit more muscular because it's been carrying around this lipoma for so long. Thank you. It's so nice to meet you. You did well. You did awesome. You did awesome. You did a great a job. All I did was lay there. It was a little bit of a fight. It wasn't giving up easy, but she won. I'll leave you alone to say goodbye. We're done. Okay. Dr. Lee is the best. I put my faith in her, and she pulled it off. ♪♪ That last surgery, it looked like a bicep, this huge bicep on the arm, it makes me feel a little guilty. I think I need to go to the gym. I think you need to go to the gym with me. Yeah, we got to, like, pump up your bicep a little bit. Hey, I'm not going to the gym, but if you're going to the gym... You're going to go the gym? Yeah... maybe. Yeah, maybe. You're going to come with me though, right? No. No. I'll just lunge. I'll lunge to the gym. ♪♪ - Who is winning? - Oh, it's tie. Christian just got ranned over by a ball. Ranned? Or rammed. I have two teenage boys. Jonathan is 16 years old, and Christian is 15 years old. Four years ago, we noticed a bump on Jonathan's side. It's about 2 inches, an inch, and it hasn't grown at all, but I do worry about it. He was seen by the doctor, and he said that it was just fatty tissue, and that it wouldn't affect them in any way. I mean, I had a doctor there telling me that it was fine, so I didn't think anything much of it after that. This is the lump on my back. Woman: When I first noticed my other son, Christian's bump, it was about 3 inches wide. Christian: It feels weird. It feels like there's a hard thing in the middle. Woman: I was sure that if we went to the doctor the doctor was going to say, "oh, it's just fatty tissue." So we never visited the doctor for Christian. It's a lot bigger than I thought because normally I can only see the side. Woman: But in Christian's case, his lump is growing at a faster pace. It's doubled in size within the past couple of years. Christian: I wear a sweatshirt every day because it covers my lump. I get embarrassed when people notice it, so I try to hide my lump whenever I go to the beach or to the pool or when it's hot. Woman: With regards to getting them removed, I will try to convince both of them to get it done. I mean, Christian is on board already. The one that I have to talk to a little bit more would be Jonathan. Having to try to convince him to do something that's going to ultimately be of benefit for them, it's stressful. I want you guys to go see Dr. Lee because I am concerned about the bumps. I'm fine with the lump. Like, it doesn't bother me. I kind of do feel like I don't want my lump to be removed because I'm just scared of maybe getting hurt from the surgery. I'm pretty sure it won't hurt. They'll give you local anesthesia so that you guys won't have any pain. If she needs to surgically remove them, it'll be for the greater good of your health. ♪♪ ♪♪ I think all our kids are about the same age, right? Mine are 13 and 12, you got 12 and 11. And yours are a little bit younger. Nine and 11. Nine and 11 -- you're, like, kind of in the middle. Like, your kids let you, like, put your arm around you while you're out in public. My other one won't. My oldest one won't. He's like, "don't do that. That's embarrassing." I try to grab his hand. He's like, "what are you doing?" ♪♪ In my mind, Jonathan doesn't have a choice to getting his lipoma removed. It is his body, but it's going to be for his benefit. Good morning. Morning. We're going to be down this hall here. Most likely I think my mom will force Jonathan to get the surgery done whether he wants to or not. Nope. Make yourselves comfortable. Dr. Lee is going to be in very shortly. Thank you. You're welcome. I think you should calm down and just get it done with because it'll be faster to get it done with than to try to neglect it. Easier said than done. Hello. Hi, Dr. Lee. Hi. How are you? I'm Sandra. Nice to meet you. Edith. It's very much nice to meet you. This I Christian, and this Jonathan. Hi, Christian. And you're Jonathan? Yeah. Hi. Nice to meet you guys all. This is a little party here, huh, I see? So what brings you here? So Christian has some... I just have... A bump on his side here. Okay. And wanted to see if you can remove it. How long has he had this bump? For a couple of years. And does it hurt you at all or is it just more like it's annoying, kind of embarrassing? Kind of annoying and embarrassing. Okay. Now, do you have the same kind of thing? Yeah. You have one too? Is yours as big, or is his bigger? His is bigger. His is bigger? But he's younger than you are. What the heck? I think it's strange that one brother has a lump and the other one has a lump, too, on their back. I mean, is there some sort of genetic propensity for this? Hopefully the bumps on these two boys' backs are benign. I don't know really exactly what they are. I won't know until I examine them. ♪♪ It kind of feels like a lipoma. It is pretty soft here. To have a lipoma like this on a young man is believable. I mean, he's young. It's not really big. If it were really big on a young man, I would be more concerned with it. It's kind of a little weird that they both have one. Can I see yours too? Would that be okay? Yeah. Yours is a lot smaller? After examining Christian's bump, it's pretty obvious to me that this is a benign lipoma. If Jonathan has a similar bump, then that would mean that these are both cosmetic procedures. They are not medically necessary to remove. Thank you. Sorry. I hope I'm not going to tickle you here. How long have you had yours? Not as long? About the same? Time frame, yeah, more or less. So yours is just slower growing, huh? Does this bump bother you? It's pretty small. Does it bother you? It doesn't bother you. Well, these are benign growths. They can be removed, but it's really important to me when you're under 18 that, you know, you are okay with this because it's technically an elective kind of procedure. It's not something that you have to do. It's all about control, too. You know, I think I've seen a lot patients who are 50, 60, and they'll go, "oh, my mom made me do this back then. I hate doctors, and I can't stand," you know, they cringe if I even come at them with anything, so it's totally up to you guys to decide this. What do you think? Do you think you want to take it off? I don't think it's bad to take it off or anything. Yeah, take it off. Yeah? Okay. I have a feeling you might want your younger brother to go first. Yeah. Okay. All right. We'll do that. Is that okay with you? Yeah. Okay. All right. I'll see you guys in a little bit. Okay. As their mom, as a parent, I would love both of them to get it done today, but Dr. Lee is a medical professional, and I respect that, and if she wants to give them that option, then it's okay with me. ♪♪ Okay. You shouldn't feel anything, like I said, okay? Just me pushing against you. Nothing sharp or uncomfortable. ♪♪ This is the you're ever going to have to having a baby. Dr. Lee thinks it could be a cancer. I just really want to find out. The area that I removed, we took two different portions of it and sent it in. You shouldn't feel anything, like I said, okay? Just me pushing against you. Nothing sharp or uncomfortable. Jonathan and Christian are brothers who both have lipomas on their body. Their mom really wants them to have their lipomas removed. Christian is very interested in doing so; Jonathan, not so much, so maybe Jonathan can watch me do Christian's lipoma removal and see how easy and simple it is, and maybe that might change his mind. Mom and brother, you just make sure nothing is bothering you, too. If you're feeling like, "ah, I can't look," you look away, or certainly you tell us, okay? This is the closest you're ever going to have to having a baby. I see the lipoma. I'm just kind of trying to disconnect it from the regular fibrous bands we have in our back. I'm going to give it a little squeeze out here. ♪♪ Ugh... Christian looks like he's got a textbook lipoma on his back. It is a little stuck to him, so I do need to detach these fibrous bands that kind of keep it stuck to his body. You okay over there? I hear some noises. Yeah, I m fine. Just think like it's a video game. Okay. You okay? Yeah. You got to squeeze him a little bit. You're doing great. Come on. You're almost done. He's almost out. [ Squelching, soft laughter ] Okay, if I'm pulling on you underneath, you let me know. That's pretty big! How about you, Jonathan? I hope it's not turning you off of chicken or anything like that. Yeah, make it into chicken nuggets and feed it to them later. Oh, my gosh. Your mom's sick. Your mom is crazy. You're doing great. Almost got them all. [ Gagging ] All right. He's coming up here. ♪♪ [ Groans ] ♪♪ Okay? Okay, it's welcome to the world, baby Christian. Chris Jr.! Yay, Christian! Christian's surgery went excellently. I think it's going to heal really well, and now I'm going to leave it up to Jonathan. Let's see if he thinks he's able to hack getting his lipoma hacked. So what do you think? Do you want to have your lipoma removed as well? No pressure. ♪♪ Um, I have to think about it. Okay. That's okay. I totally respect that. Whatever you decide, I'll be here. Okay? Mom, are you okay with that decision? Like you said, it's his decision, so... Yeah, and you know it's not threatening his life, and that's the most important. Thank you so much. So that's good. Yeah, I mean, we got a good one from him anyways, right? Yes. You're the golden pop child right now. You better work that, okay? See you guys later, all right? Thank you. You're welcome. I'd like to tell Dr. Lee thank you for removing my lump. I feel pretty happy that it's finally off of my body because now I won't have to be wearing a bunch of sweaters when it's hot. I would like to tell Dr. Lee thank you for letting me make my own decision, and it's not the first time I stood up to my mom, but it's the first time she actually let me make my own choice and let it happen. ♪♪ Dr. Lee: It's been 6 weeks since Christian had his lump removed. He has healed up so nicely, and he's happy to not have to hide his lump anymore. Even after seeing how happy his brother is, Jonathan still does not want to have his lump removed. His mother still wishes he'd change his mind. ♪♪ It's been 4 weeks since Chuck's surgery. He's doing so well. The area looks great. He's happy. His boss is happy, and now he doesn't have to worry about a big old popeye arm getting in the way of his work. ♪♪ Lisa: It's been about 4 weeks since I've seen Dr. Lee, and I've honestly just been kind of trying to enjoy not having the horn there, but Dr. Lee thinks it could be a cancer. I just really want to find out. I want to know. I'm my daughter's only parent. I mean, she's 23. She's not a kid, but... ♪♪ ♪♪ You don't want to leave her alone. She's still young. Hi, Lisa. How are you? Good. How is the bump on your... It's gone. How was it, recovery wise? Was it okay? It's fine. That's the way I like to hear. Okay. Let me take a look at it actually first. Let's see how it's healing. Looking at Lisa's scalp, it's healing so well. She's got hair growing where we excised that horn, but I know that what she's most interested in is finding out about her pathology results. The area that I removed, we took two different portions of it and sent it in -- the part that was, like, the horn. And then the part at the base, and the more important thing is that base part. Let me show you, okay, so I have some nice pictures. That's actually the top of your skin. The dermatopathologist read your slide, and they say it's an inflamed follicular cyst. ♪♪ There's no risk of cancer. I don't think it's ever coming back. You cry even when you get really happy about something? No, I never cry. You don't? I only know you as a cryer though. How come? I don't know. Oh. Well, maybe it's a cry of relief though, right? It is. I'm going to give you some medical kleenex. That's gauze to you, okay? It's great news. Yeah? Thank you, Dr. Lee, for giving me my life back. Thank you. It was so nice... When I get home and I see my daughter, I'm going to tell her that she has to put up with me for many more years to come. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 