Naked and Afraid XL: Season 6, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naked and Afraid XL 
 s6e1 - Valley of the Banished - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naked and Afraid XL (2015–…): Season 6, Episode 1 - Valley of the Banished - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: The ultimate group survival challenge is back... Africa! I'm here for you! Narrator: ...With a new vengeance and a new law of the land... We're going to banish you. ...in the deadly scrubland of Mapungubwe, South Africa... This is one of the worst locations ever. ...where extreme heat... I never felt so dehydrated. ...and nature's most remorseless killers... Is that what I think it is? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...have forced generations of indigenous tribes to survive by one brutal principle... There's no room in South Africa for compassion. Narrator: ...Banishing the weak. It seems extreme, but this is a very extreme environment. Oh, my god. Ow! Narrator: And now, to have any chance to survive, four teams of naked and afraid all-stars must adhere to the same rule. We have to make an executive decision. Banishment and exile are always on the table. Narrator: For 40 days and 40 nights in a land where weakness is the ultimate liability. It just hurts so bad. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't want to tap. Narrator: They will use their skills to prove their worth... - Yeah! - Got that? ...or risk being cast into the wild to fend for themselves. Come tomorrow morning, you've got to go. That's [bleep] In this hour, we will meet the daring men and women putting their lives on the line... What I care about is the mission, not your feelings. Narrator: ...Dig deep into their strategies and motivation. Hunting is an absolute priority. - Beautiful. - [ Groans ] ...and get an exclusive sneak peek of the epic obstacles in their way... Aaah! ...as they either band together... Give me a hug. ...or be banished to face Africa alone. We would like to see you go. Woman: I'm in a no man's land. Like there's nothing here. Welcome to Africa. Dispersed across 70 square miles of ancient tribal land, eight survivalists begin their challenge in four groups of two. Primitive man... the Basarwa were here, right? Yeah. Like 25,000 years ago. And they didn't carry any dead weight. No, they didn't. They kicked those guys right to the curb. I don't wish banishment on anybody. I think I'm a little bit more heartless. I have no problem banishing people. I want everybody to get through this, but you know whether somebody's... Yeah, if somebody's taking advantage. Yeah, exactly. I want to be with people that want to conquer this challenge, not skate by. But they have no idea that they will be joined by a second group of survivalists, each with a rare opportunity to prove themselves after taking on their 21-day challenges and coming up short. I have just as much right to be here as anybody else. Narrator: First to enter Africa's deadly interior is the pair of Makani and Bulent. This looks seriously not cool, but that's okay. I'm here to be miserable. Pain actually make me count my blessings. My name is Bulent and people think I'm just a complete ass [bleep] What I care about is the mission, not your feelings. Narrator: But on Bulent's first challenge in Colombia, he failed the mission. I'm sweating. I'm dripping. Bulent: The weather was hot and super humid. But my biggest obstacle on my first challenge was me not knowing what the limitations of my body was. Lower back is really bad. I did push myself more than I should have, and that contributed to my lower back injury. Oh! Ugh. It just shoots down the legs. I can't do this, not with this much pain. I don't want to be here. Not finishing a challenge is painful, but I learned to pace myself on the physical activity. I applied it to my challenge in Mexico, but Mexico had its own struggles. No wonder the Spaniards couldn't conquer the jungle. There's nothing to eat in it. What I've found with the people that I can't get along is mostly millennials. You've never made a fish basket? I did. I just want you to explain why you can't assume that. Why do I need to explain that? You don't have to, but you can continue not catch fish, either. Just tell me what you're trying to get at. I'm asking you a question because I want to know what you are thinking. And finding a solution where we can meet in the middle, work together. That took quite a bit, but we made it happen. Ow. Oh, my gosh. Bulent, you got this. Oh, my gosh. A few more steps. And I got to know, to taste that sweet victory of finishing a challenge. Whoo! That's right. But this is a whole different animal. I seriously have mixed feelings when it comes to team atmosphere. There's always strength in numbers. Also weakness in numbers. More conflict, more dramas, because it's not a place that you can just sit on your butt. It will break you. It will hurt you. It will get you killed. If you're not prepared, it will end you. ♪ There's a little guy under this tree over here. Right underneath the tree. There's, like, a llama and a... I don't eat meat, so I'm not going to subtract from the team fuel-wise. I'm only here to add to it. I'm Makani. I'm a student, and I live in Venice, California. I've got my warrior dots on. Power, peace, and grace. In my previous challenge, I was with three people in a rainforest environment. Oh, my god. That is new. Three is an uneven number, so likely two people will be closer than one person. Woman: Sleep situation is definitely difficult. There's definitely something going on there beyond platonic at this point. My biggest obstacle was navigating my partners. I'm glad that she's out here having an adventure, you know? I think that we should probably have a talk with her about communication. Because, as a Buddhist, I'm vegan and my survival style is very minimal. I'm in photosynthetic heaven. So I more or less fasted for the 21 days. Woman: Makani's still sleeping. We need to figure something out that's going to work long-term because I cannot keep doing this. I don't know how much further I can go. But I'm a peacemaker. And after the other partner left, towards the end, we were able to come together and make a team. Here comes some rapids. Oh, my god. Hang on. There's the boat. - Oh, my god. Makani: I did complete the 21-day challenge, being true to my nature, and I feel really proud of that. We did it. - We did it! And honestly, on the 21st day, I felt like I could go longer. But for a 40-day challenge like this, it becomes hugely mental, and my mental is very strong. As a Buddhist, they say that life is suffering. So I feel like that is my job to embrace that when it occurs for myself. I wouldn't wish anyone to walk around here on their own. We have to stick together. Narrator: But their partnership will soon be disrupted by an unexpected visitor hellbent on proving herself after falling short on her 21 day challenge. I do understand how this would be a harsh environment for tribes to want to banish people because, I mean, I would hate to have to carry the weight of someone in this heat. My name is Kate, and I've been on a 21 day challenge and I completed 13 out of it. I am the screamer. Get me out! That was me. I screamed my butt off on the beach. Hair flip. I own it. Narrator: Kate's journey began with a twist on a four persons' tribes challenge in Panama. I wasn't expecting a female. I wasn't either. So for me, I am a survivalist, so I do have things to bring to the table. We're actually going to set a couple traps so that we can make getting a pig possible, and if you can't be my equal, at least try to do something that can help me, and I'll do my best to help you. Badass. It's going to work. But after the merge, we met with two other guys. We've got to get a shelter off the ground. Seth: Some protein would be amazing. Priority is shelter. I did not like that. I'm trying to go get some food. It took a lot for me to bite my tongue with Seth. He woke me up three different times last night, and he elbow-jabbed me. He told me to push over. I mean, if you thought I was in your way, wouldn't you say, "hey, Kate, would you mind scooting over?" Instead of saying, "I need you to move out of my way." How do you think I'm going to respond to that? But the biggest obstacles in my previous challenge were the bugs. I forget what it's like to not itch. I mean, I got bit in places I didn't know I could itch at. I feel like they're nesting in my body. They mess with your head big time. [ Groaning ] It's a [bleep] thing to quit when you only have a week left, but I needed to, and I have no shame in admitting the fact that I quit. So I'm back out here again. I need to prove to myself, but this is Africa. This is some frightening [bleep] out here. There's things that want to eat you. I'm talking big cats, hippos, like things in the night that go boom, and that is a big pile of elephant dung. 40 days is a long time. So, last time I paid zero attention to my mental game, and this time I am not going to allow myself to get pushed over the edge. I'm not going to freak out. I'll speak my mind, but no crazy hair flips, Africa. That ain't happening. Narrator: On their previous challenges, the survivalists were assigned primitive survival ratings, or psrs, that measured their individual skills and survival methods. But for this 40-day group challenge, experts have evaluated their initial psrs and assigned the team a combined rating, or xlr, that gauges their progress and likelihood of success. - Ugh. All three survivalists bring their unique survival styles to the challenge, but Bulent and Kate have also clashed with past partners. As a result, this team of opposites begins with an xlr of 6.5. And in this harsh environment, a difference in survival strategies pushes this team to its limit. Africa, this is not a [bleep] sit around and do [bleep] Nothing kind of [bleep] environment, man. He's been sleeping since he got here. For both of you guys wanting to just work an hour in the morning then an hour at night, that ain't going to fly with me. The plan is to take it easy. It's not a sprint. It's 40 freaking days. Apparently Kate wasn't okay with that, and I let the department know about her complaint. Department who gives a [bleep] what you think. Narrator: "Naked and afraid XL" returns, granting 12 naked and afraid veterans the power to banish the weak into South Africa's treacherous outback, where record heat and a relentless seven-year drought can transform the strongest survivalist into a liability for their tribe. - When... ready? - Yeah. Go. Ooh. [Bleep] That's third-degree burns. Isn't that a wonderful partner right there? Takes the water and goes down there to drink it. Man: I really need some water myself. It's plenty cool enough to drink, but I'm going to hike it up there to Makani. I just [bleep] spent all my time up here. You're not even getting me a [bleep] straw full? [Bleep] You. Makani. ♪ Makani. Can you please open your eyes for me? ♪ Can you open your eyes for me, please? ♪ The second team to navigate this scorched Savannah is the duo of dawn and Suzanne. ♪ In this environment I can understand where you wouldn't want to have slackers and you wouldn't want to have people that are weak, that are injured. Like being in the Canadian military, it's that mentality of never leave a man behind. I'm definitely going to struggle with that. My name is dawn. I'm a retired infantry officer from Canada. This is for my deployment to Afghanistan. I was technically the first female qualified infantry officer in the history of the regiment. And on my first challenge, I was in Montserrat. Ugh! The terrain that we were walking on was incredibly rough. Our feet were wrecked. Pain is just weakness leaving the body. And at that point I was freshly out of the Canadian armed forces. I was actually only retired a few weeks prior to doing it. So my motivation for the 21 day challenge was to connect with another human being in a primitive survival environment where there would be challenges for both of us. Got one! - There you go. - Wow, you are so good. And that was the dynamic of our relationship. Chad just came back. He hurt his shoulder. He just fell off the mountain. It looks pretty serious. But very early on, on day five, my partner did have a medical tap, and I wasn't prepared for that like I should have been. And being alone was extremely challenging, but I have done a significant amount of work to prepare myself. I'm prepping for a body building show right now. And I flew down to Denver, Colorado, and I trained with Matt Wright. You're going to tie up here. Leave the extra, tie down here. And so I do feel now that I'm more prepared primitively because people look at me, they just see blonde hair. And that's really not who I am. I'm not just some Barbie. I'll do everything I possibly can to show that I have a lot to offer the group. ♪ It's interesting when people talk about girl power, because you know in most of the animal kingdom the female is the lead. - Yeah. Because we bring the ability to be calm... Absolutely. ...without throwing a whole lot of testosterone at it and club something. My name is Suzanne, and I survived 21 days on my challenge in Brazil. I think I am at the edge of no return. And it was really hard because of the sun. Hot as hell. I need shade for my feet. Shade for my feet. And I was paired with a partner where our personalities did not work well together. Yeah. That's not gonna happen. That is not gonna happen. As a very dominant male, it didn't work well with me also being a dominant female. I don't mean to nag you about it, but you're getting really red. And I don't know if you're drinking very often. And because of medical issues... My chest feels really heavy. 1, 2, 3. My partner left on day four, so I had 17 days by myself. There's a wasp nest. [ Buzzing ] And honestly, after that, it was easier for me. I can do this. I just got a stingray. I'm so excited. But one of the hardest things that I did on the 21 day challenge was the extraction. Ow. Oh, it's... But I did it. Oh, my god. And nobody can take it away from me. Oh, my god. But since my partner left on day four, the 21 day challenge did not require me to work well with another person. I don't do well with drama. I just don't. I'm allergic to it. I don't like it. As someone who speaks their mind and knows what they know, I am not going to compromise if I'm not happy. Narrator: Joining dawn and Suzanne is a survivalist hungry to overcome his past failures. - Oh, my god. - What the hell? All of a sudden I'm thinking... ♪ To make it across the finish line in this challenge is going to take a lot of focus and a lot of teamwork. This time around, I plan on being a little bit more social and working harder to do what I can to help my tribe and to make it happen at all costs. Narrator: Seth participated in the first tribes' challenge in Panama. Ugh! I'm not going to sugarcoat it, Panama kicked my ass. Ugh! So far I've gotten needles in my right foot, needles in my left foot. I went out for the adventure and to hunt in Panama. [ Calling ] I came into that challenge thinking I was going to be able to kill a pig and we were going to eat good, and that did not happen. But my biggest obstacles in Panama would be the social aspect. Don't put that out, don't put that on there. This is dry, bro. I was partnered with a dude and we butted heads a lot. I told you, "don't do that." And you did it anyway. Now it's all over the [bleep] place, dude. Being in a group can be challenging for me at times. And when we merged with two other people, I feel like I didn't get a fair shake with them. Where's the pot? Hoping it's not contaminated from the rain last night. You know what? I'm sick of your negative Nancy [bleep] Bro. We're either going to make it to 21, or one of us is going to make it to jail. My team, the people that were supposed to have my back, exiled me from camp. Better start making a shelter because you ain't staying with us. And that really got to me psychologically. I give up, I tap. [Bleep] It. I'm out of here. I had to make the decision to leave on day 13 because it was just not going to be survivable. But there's no suffering that I can endure on these challenges that's any greater than knowing that I failed. So I've got a little bit of something to prove on this. I'm coming into this with a deficit, and I feel that some people are going to feel I don't deserve to be here, but I'm going to prove them wrong. This is going to be a dangerous situation. This is not Panama, that's for damn sure. - Got firewood. - Got one! Dawn and Suzanne bring solo survival experience to Africa, but Seth's difficulty uniting with past partners threatens the stability of his team. As a result, they begin the challenge with an xlr of 6.0. But in the wilds of Africa, an unwelcome visitor tests their resolve on night one. - Is that you? - No. There's something over there for sure. I can't see that far with this camera. I don't know that we were going to sleep much anyway. If something were to come in this... We have nowhere to go. [ Lion snarling ] ♪ Oh, my god! Narrator: In the return of "naked and afraid XL," 12 men and women will fight for survival under the blazing African sun. Woman: Ooh! For 40 days and 40 nights, as the threat of banishment looms over the survivalists... There's no need for him to be here. ...the pressure to provide will be greater than ever. Woman: I feel so defeated. Look. I think there's a rabbit. Oh! Oh, that was close. Oh, damn! Got one. Yeah! Hell, yeah! ♪ [ Arrow thwacks ] And bam! Right over there. Aaah! That's right! Whoo! Narrator: Third to venture deep into the African wilderness is the team of Wes and Gwen. ♪ One of my concerns is snakes. Like, snakes don't scare me, but I'm not familiar with them. I'm used to looking in bushes for grizzly bears, not on the ground for snakes because there's no snakes in Alaska. My name is Gwen. I am grizzly Gwen, give me a knife, I will conquer the world. I completed my 21 day challenge in Mexico, so I went from super cold environment to a insanely hellish environment. The heat in Mexico was ungodly. - How you feeling? - I need water. Yep. Sun's starting to get there, huh? Yep, it is. So, you were pouring buckets of sweat no matter what you did. But the low point in my previous challenge was when I cut the end of my toe off. I'm disappointed that that happened because it definitely sets me back and it throws a loop for my partner, who has to pick up the slack. They don't like people that want to sit around and let others do all the work, so just doing local bush crafting and keeping the fire going, that really sucked. But I tried to do whatever I could to get the mission completed. Hey, the bottom side of that tree. Just sitting there. I'm gonna try to stab him. [ Groans ] Yeah, I got you, you little son of a biscuit. Thought it would taste more delicious but it really was pretty disgusting. Definitely burnt. Based on my experience as a survivalist, a homesteader, a police officer, a mother of five... I can go on and on... I learned you have to be able to adapt and overcome. Got through the challenge together. Great job. I'm proud of you. Yeah, you too. It was amazing and awesome, but I couldn't contribute. So, heading out onto this 40 day challenge, I want to prove to others what I can do. I always accomplish my goals, but this is a hard, hard environment, and if you haven't been doing your part and pulling your weight, banishment's on the table. ♪ Wes: I've been hunting my whole life. If we can find a water source, our chances at harvesting a decent-size animal is going to be very good. I'm excited about that. I would like some red meat on this trip. I'm Wes Harper, and my previous challenge, I was in Brazil. The environment was pretty rough. Oh, ow, damn it. Nope. Damn it. Okay. Stung on the damn... John Henry. But I am a hunter, and I don't like to fail. There's a lizard on this rock here. [ Grunts ] I mean, I've done everything but hit this little bugger. The biggest obstacle I had was bringing back some food. Oh, my god. Come here, quick. Oh, my god. I can't believe you just did that. It felt so good to actually have some real success with procuring food, because I want to help my teammates. I want to provide. Sorry, Jesse. I'm lagging behind, babe. My legs are not doing well. But at the end of my challenge, I was really depleted. I was done. - I hear something. - Yeah, I do too. There it is. Whoo! Oh! That was a great moment for me. But Africa is a different ball game. This country is so rough that only the strong survive. I mean, everybody just has to contribute. Otherwise, it's time for them to go out on their own. Do some soul searching. Maybe it's time for them to go home. Narrator: Joining Wes and Gwen is a season three survivalist... - Hello! - ...Whose 21 day challenge was short-lived, but made a lasting impression. - Hey! - Oh, boy. Gwen: Third-Wheeler, here. We were not expecting a third. I've always been told I'm like a [bleep] Either I'm a pleasant surprise, or I make everything awkward and uncomfortable. - Good to know. - Well, the second one right now. - Ah, you'll get used to it. - Yes, very. ♪ This whole banishment thing is [bleep] It's not going to happen in my group. If somebody is not pulling their weight, then you go hang a boot in their ass and make sure they start pulling their weight. My name is Joshua, and it's been 5 1/2 years since my past challenge in Nicaragua. ♪ What'd you bring? Duct tape. This is a redneck's multitool. The question I get asked most is, "hey, aren't you duct tape boy?" And I'm just going down and doing straight strips. Oh, my goodness. I stand by that choice fully, and I cannot think of a single item that has as many purposes as duct tape. And by day three, I had shelter, freshwater source, and enough food that lasted days on end. Oh, you've got to be kidding me. And that was my doing, and I'm damn proud of that. But the biggest obstacles I had were my health, because I had gastrointestinal issues. [ Retching ] I was vomiting profusely. I was getting extremely dehydrated very fast. - You're going home? - Yeah. I can't keep it up. I'm sorry to let you down like this, but I am severely dehydrated. I'm tapping out now. So, I lasted five days. Sorry to anyone I let down. I've tried to forget the moment when I tapped so, so many times, but it kind of sticks with me. ♪ Based on my previous challenge, it's possible that future teammates would have some misconceptions about me. The biggest one being that I'm a quitter, which it couldn't be further from the truth. I'm not the same man I was back then. I've gone through hell, lived through hell, done things I thought I'd never be able to accomplish. And I'm here to prove I can do it, and you can watch me do it and say, "oops, you were wrong" or shut your damn mouth. Either way, I'm doing it. I'm feeling pretty much in the weakest condition of my life. Thank you, lord. Narrator: Wes and Gwen bring unwavering persistence, which propelled them through their first challenges. But Joshua's physical struggles caused him to leave Nicaragua on day five. Therefore, this team begins the challenge with an xlr of 6.7. While most of the dangers in Africa are larger than life... They know we're here. [ Elephant trumpets ] ...others are much more unexpected, as Wes and Gwen will learn after harvesting a unique species of aloe plant. We're going to eat today. That's just a tad bit on the bitter side. Tastes like like something you'd scrape off a fish tank. Yeah. [ Both vomiting ] ♪ [ Elephant trumpets ] Narrator: On "Naked and Afraid XL," 12 survivalists follow the same traditions as the ancient tribes who came before them... We can't have people ride on coattails to get to the 40 day. Narrator: ...Banishing the weak to fend for themselves among nature's most ruthless predators. There's an elephant right there. Where? They're coming right toward us. Wes: Don't move, don't move. Holy crap. [ Snarling ] [ Animal shrieks ] [ Hyena laughing ] I don't know what to do. Go away! ♪ The final group to enter the challenge is the team of Jon and Sarah. - I enjoy challenging myself. - Yeah. I like being aware of how far I can push myself before I reach the point when, you know, I say that's enough. And so far I haven't reached it. My name is Sarah, and I'm a homesteader and taxidermist. Which one of you wants this, huh? And my previous challenge was in Ecuador. Man: Oh, my god. In Ecuador, I never expected to be in a group of three people and it just made things a little more difficult. I think we might just need to find a spot tonight, like up there. There's a spot down here that's a bit more open. Are you okay with that? - Pbht! Ecuador was wet. We had a lot of storms. We had a lot of moisture in the air. The forest is already teaching us lessons about better planning and better foresight. But a major low point in my previous challenge is probably losing my first partner, David. The swelling has caused an allergic reaction, to having all of these insects bites that are on your leg. I'm going to go ahead and have to pull you out. He was a very upbeat, positive person, whereas Makani, not so much. So realizing that I was going to have to face the rest of the challenge with somebody whose survival strategy was almost the exact opposite of my own frankly sucked. Her entire survival strategy was to pretty much do nothing to conserve energy. But whenever somebody tells me that I can't do something, I tell them, watch me. Oh, my god. [ Both cheering ] ♪ In the jungle, it's very different from what we're facing here in Africa. The heat is immense. I mean, it is just blazing down on us. There's really no way to get out of that. No matter how uncomfortable I get... I just wish that was in the mud or something. I'm like an animal. I'm just disgusting. [ Chuckles ] My name's Jon. I'm a dirt bag. I am just a degenerate punk from the suburbs. [ Punk rock music plays ] And my previous challenge was in the Philippines. Some people are hunters. Some people are gatherers. I am absolutely a scavenger. Yo. I'm an opportunist. I take what's around me. Oh, my goodness, so green. I don't think those are going to be edible. I made these banana patties and I seared them on a nice, flat, hot rock. It was the most amount of food we had found the entire time we were there, but they really made us sick. ♪ And my partner, she did get a lot sicker than I did. - Oh, my god. You all right? - Yeah, I'm done. You feel warm. Jess just took a face plant. Extraction's tomorrow. If Jess starts to falter, I'm just going to have to push her. But I want to redefine what it means to be a dirt bag. I am not going to be that guy that's going to steal your wallet while you're in the bathroom. It sucks. Let's just do it. I'm the guy that doesn't shower and eats bugs and [bleep] talks a lot of [Bleep] You got to keep going. We're all wiped. We're not gonna get there sitting here. Unless you want to tap on day 21. But in the end I will drag you across the finish line to make sure you still get the bragging rights that you deserve. Awesome. We actually did it. Come on. I think we really crushed through it and I'd walked out a new man. One of the best days of my life. I'm ready to do it again. But this is a totally different beast than I've ever come across. I've never been around wildlife like this before. My anxiety level is through the roof. There's going to be stuff going to the water that wants to kill you. There's going to be stuff coming from the water that wants to kill you. [ Creature squawking ] I don't know what [bleep] that is, but that could probably bite you. But part of loving the suck is loving being scared. And I am absolutely [Bleep] terrified. I just love being in the [bleep] I can't help it. I love being [bleep] miserable. Joining Sarah and Jon is a survivalist who has already taken on South Africa and succumbed to its brutal dangers. [ Whistles ] Hey. ♪ Another human. Well, okay. [ Laughs ] ♪ Ryan: Whoo, bringing back memories from last time. It's one of the most hostile environments on this planet. I felt this place before. This place hurts. My name is Ryan. I'm a wilderness survival instructor. Africa... it kind of kicked my butt last time. [ Gasps ] Aah! - You okay? - I've got a Thorn. And I started calling the place the house of pain because everything wants to cut you to pieces or kill you out here. But a lifetime of doing primitive survival skills was very handy. That tree's got bark. We got shoes. Woman: All right, let's go. I was able to make a good situation out of a bad one. [ Laughs ] Oh, it's so nice. Hunting out here in Africa is survival... Got us a bow. ...especially when there's predators lurking all over the place. Holy [bleep] [ Animal wailing ] My last partner, we got along really well. But Africa just got to be too much, I guess. It drug her down. [ Sighs ] You all right? - I just want to go home. - Okay. When my partner tapped, I still had crocodiles. I still had lions, leopards, everything around camp, but I was there by myself suffering. [ Rattling ] It really takes a toll on you, mentally and physically. It's too much. Monsters are real here. And I believe that I made the right choice at that moment. You got to have some help out here. To do it alone is... it's very difficult. But tapping out early, it bothered me. So this time I'm mentally and physically ready for this challenge. Narrator: Sarah and Jon both showed a high level of adaptability in completing their first challenges. And despite his early exit, Ryan brings an array of skills and experience surviving in this location. As a result, they begin their challenge with an xlr of 6.7. But in South Africa, they'll be competing with deadly neighbors for every precious resource. I'm getting something on the end of this. [ Sighs ] [Bleep] Oh, my gosh. That was a croc. [ Sighs ] ♪ [ Splashing ] - Okay. That was big. - Yeah, that was big. Sarah: What the [bleep] was that? That's pretty [Bleep] terrifying. Oh, god, it's right there. - What the [bleep] was that? - Hey, hey. Get! - Get! - Where's the spear? Go on, get! [Bleep] ♪ Go on, get! ♪ Narrator: Dropped into the savage backcountry of South Africa... - Oh, my gosh. - A treasure. Each survivalist has brought a personal blade for protection. Mm-hmm. I got my 21 days hashed out on there. But for the first time, they'll choose from an assortment of additional survival tools as a team. This is crazy. - Oh, I see this. - Nets. That's a good plan. I don't see how we can get away not having a fire starter. You good with that? Put that to the side? - Yeah. This is excellent. - Cool. Oh, man. - Let's take the bow and arrow. Yeah, I definitely wouldn't mind having a bow and arrow. No. Giant-ass roll of duct tape. Something familiar to me. New challenge. Same item. Totally different guy out here doing it. Bam! "XL," baby. I'm going. Training starts now. I'm getting close to the date and so just getting in some light exercise. I know that it might rain at night, and I might be really cold and wet. That's why I take cold showers. Ooh. This surrounding area, that's where I'll be in my mind when things are bad. A sharp enough knife should shave your arm. It shaves enough. This right here is a handmade bolas. And I'm going to throw this in the air to get a flying bird. Got it. Woman: Wes is completing his final preparation. ♪ You got to work on the tan. I know, I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I'll see you later. Ryan: Tell them how much you're going to miss me. Tell them how much you're going to miss me. Obviously she's going to miss me a lot. [ Belches ] Last time I was really more excited than anything, didn't know what was in store for me, but... - You've been to Africa now. I've been to Africa now. The place hurts. South Africa, here I come. Ain't no turning back now. We are currently descending to land in Africa. Today is the morning of the challenge. And I'm so excited. I think I'm actually kind of getting chills here. Super excited. With love, joy. The anticipation is absolutely killing me. I just need to get this thing started. Africa, here I come. Here we go. Let the suffering commence. Get me in! Narrator: With no more time to prepare, the survivalists are about to enter the biggest "XL" challenge yet... Predators are very real out here. Dangerous place. There's so many things in Africa that can kill you. Even the strongest humans are still prey out here. Narrator: ...Where only the mightiest succeed... If we have to make the tough call, we're just going to make the tough call. ...and the weak will be banished to fend for themselves. If you don't have a good skill set, not the time for me to teach you. This isn't kindergarten. And at that point, it is time for them to go home. I don't expect to carry anybody out here. If somebody doesn't pull their weight then they are using up resources and they're not bringing anything to the table. Everybody can get along one way or another. I think I'm a little bit more heartless. I have no problem. Banishing people. This challenge is completely different. The weakest, the injured, the ill, they're the first to go. How do you feel about kicking people out? If I had a partner who did not pull her weight, there's no other way around it. Banishment is absolutely a death sentence out here. I don't know how I'm going to do it. If I have to literally carry [Bleep] across my shoulders, that's what's getting done. Africa! ♪ Narrator: This season on "Naked and Afraid XL"... Gwen: If you're not doing your part, pulling your weight... Bam! ...you're not going to be in a team very long. It's terrifying. I feel like my challenge is in their hands. You're not even giving me a [bleep] straw full? He's out, I want him gone. I'm just going to banish myself. Good riddance. All my primitive survival problems leaving right now. All of them. Oh, my god, ow! I'm in a no man's land. Woman: I'm worried it might be heatstroke. I can't breathe. I don't do pity. Africa! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 