Naked and Afraid XL: Season 6, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naked and Afraid XL 
 s6e6 - Feastmode - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naked and Afraid XL (2015–…): Season 6, Episode 6 - Feastmode - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: Previously on "naked and afraid xl"... 15 days into the 40 day banishment challenge, the fight for survival intensified... ...As the hunters became the hunted. [ hyena barks ] and after accepting makani into their camp... Suzanne: It is really important for me to be with partners that are earning it as well. Narrator: ...Tensions erupted between seth and suzanne. I'm not playing this mom [bleep] give me the [bleep] water. Don't talk to me that way. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Makani is almost passed out. You're not even giving me a [bleep] strawful? [bleep] you. Narrator: But a plan to form a separate team... I think it's taking our fate into our own hands rather than his. ...Came to a sudden end. Temperature's high. She's delirious, confused. I think she definitely has heatstroke. As the fourth survivalist left the challenge. Bye, africa. I feel like I'm alone again. Narrator: Now, with 25 days left, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 can they harness their skills to prove their worth? Yeah! Attaboy! With my bare hands. Aah! Or will they be cast into the wild... Tomorrow morning, we would like to see you go. We're gonna banish you. ...To fend for themselves? [ sobbing ] this is a death sentence to be alone here. There's something over there. Oh [bleep] it's getting closer. Oh, [bleep] aah! captions paid for by discovery communications ♪ ♪ I'm gonna go get some thatching. Do you want to help? Mm. Can I have a "yes" or a "no" instead of a cave man "ugh"? No, just trying to conserve my energy for hunting. We'll be back a little bit later. Mm. ♪ Ow [bleep] I feel very trapped. I felt like makani was my chance to walk out of here and look for a new tribe. Ow, what the heck? Now my feet are getting worse. Ouch. Ow, ow, ow. The sun has dried out my skin so bad that the top of the skin and all that area's gone. All of that, nothing can touch it. Feels like a cheese grater took off the skin and a layer of muscle. And the sun, it's like somebody is holding a fire to my feet. It's hard to walk around. Oh. Ow. So as bad as I want to leave, it's not physically possible. ♪ Mm. Mnh-mnh. [ groans ] [ growls ] ♪ I'm just going to get out of the way. Seth: Seems like I can't catch a break with suzanne. And right now we're not really talking. She is the most bossy, aggressive woman I have ever met in my entire life. On my last challenge, I had a hard time dealing with my partners. - You just gonna stand around? - Dude, you're not my boss, so stop acting like it, alright? Well, then start working. Don't [bleep] start ordering me around or we're gonna have some serious [bleep] problems. Better start making a shelter because you ain't staying with us. Ugh. I'm just trying to stay away from suzanne as much as possible and do the work that has to be done. I do have something to prove on this. And for me, getting a game animal, that's redemption. Narrator: 10 miles to the west, jon, sarah and ryan's need for protein... ...Led ryan to a risky decision. Ryan: What I'm going to have to do is go on a 48-hour excursion and see if I can find some big game elsewhere to bring back. To make this journey, genuinely dangerous. ♪ - Alright, guys. - He's got the striker. You got the firestarter, right? - I do, yes. The fish. - Yep. Ryan: We don't have much, but I'm gonna need something for this journey. I know that. A'ight. I'm going to keep my eyes peeled for some greenery. Just gonna keep heading east. Seems to be around water. Hope I can get to this spot. Alright, guys. [ sighs ] be safe. Yeah. I'll be back. See you in a couple days. - Alright, good luck. - Thank you. I hope I bring us back something big. - Yeah. - Let's get this on the road. - Yeah. - [ sighs ] there's not a lot of game around here and the game that is around here is really small and it's almost impossible to hunt them. So him striking off, finding a different location, being able to hunt large game, it's vital for his survival. It's vital for the survival of our entire team. Narrator: Walking the same game trails as ravenous lions and leopards, ryan's search for bountiful game will take him across three miles of thorn-covered scrub land where temperatures reach 120 degrees by high noon. Ryan: My concern is exerting all this energy and finding nothing. Worst-case scenario is get there and it's just desolate. No shade, no brush, and no game's around. And, you know, I'm gonna try hard not to let everybody down. ♪ I see some big game right now. I see a zebra. I can't tell what the other is. I see elephants at my 3:00. They got to be going to the water. See a lot of greenery back that way. So, you know what? That's where I'm gonna head. Narrator: Nine miles northeast, bulent took on africa without a partner... And thrived. That's a catfish! Oh! Look at that meat. Oh, that's priceless. Mmm. ♪ Bye, jack, I'll be back. If I'm late, don't worry about me. I'm out here alone. Both my partners left. I actually enjoy being alone. Survival can be easy or a lot tougher with a partner. Early in the morning, I'm trying to explore as much area as I can around the boma. This area is a good and a bad place. It's good that a lot of little birds, guineas, rabbits hide in here, but also lions hide in here as well because it provides such great coverage. All they need to do is either smell you or hear you and they can kill you. ♪ Holy [bleep] someone had a buffet. This is super big kill, it looks like elephant bones. You could only imagine how many other animals devour that six tons of meat. Now, come to think of it, it could be a great chair. So I'm gonna cure these big bones, the hip bones of the elephant back to the boma. ♪ They are super heavy. [bleep] [ breathing heavily ] this is my kingdom and every kingdom needs a throne. I'm gonna use these bones to make me a bone throne. So I got the seat part, nice and smooth and easy on my tush. I'm thinking this will make a good back rest. So the stability is everything. There we go. Some vine, cordage for securing the back piece. I think we've got the structure down. An armrest might do. Bone throne is super comfortable. It helps with my lower back, usefulness-wise, it is very, very important for my emotional health and for the future of the challenge. Oh, that's nice. Department-store quality. ♪ Seth: Right now, I'm headed up to go on to the far end of the watering hole because I see impala over here all the time and there's at least two herds that come in and they're always drinking over here. Problem is, is there is no shade. It's brutally hot and definitely cooks your feet. Really like to be closer, but that's the best spot to sit. But it's a pretty long shot. I don't really have much cover anymore forward than here. Anything to make it more difficult. ♪ [ exhales sharply ] getting cooked out here. [ animal calling ] what the hell? [bleep] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Holy [bleep] no way. Got a blood trail right here. ♪ ♪ Holy [bleep] no way. ♪ Oh, yeah, got a blood trail right here. ♪ [bleep] damn it. My arrow. [ sighs ] it was a hit. It just didn't penetrate enough. Just a residual trail from what would only be a small wound in the hind quarter, which will heal. The animal will be able to live fine from that. It'll heal up. Kind of sucks, but hunting is all about consistency. And I gotta keep at it. So hungry. Just hope they come back. Narrator: Six miles to the northwest, wes and gwen's lack of protein... Be cool, lizard. Damn. That was [bleep] terrible. ...Has them on a downward spiral. I honestly don't know how long we can go on like this. So we have our bait out in the little pond. And we'll just see if the terrapin wants to come and eat it. 15th day and my state of mind is good, positive, except for the fact that we're starving. Nice and crystal clear this morning. Yesterday it was still kind of murky. ♪ [ man screams ] ♪ Ah. [bleep] dogs. Those are human voices. Damn you little [bleep] little bastards what I dreaded the most about this place. See something? I just heard the rustle and couldn't figure it out. ♪ Looks like things are gonna get interesting. - Hello. - Howdy, friend. How are you? We have another survivalist coming into camp. We've had two people come and go. But I'll tell you what, I'm ready to have more people searching for food. I'm ryan, it's nice to meet you. Hey, buddy, I'm wes. Nice to meet you, too. Good to see you. Gwen, how you doing? Good to meet you, gwen. Ryan looks like he just stepped out of the mountains. I'm really eager to get to know him. Well, let's get you hydrated up 'cause you can drink as much as you want here. - Oh, my god. - That'd be the spring well., best water you've ever had. Here. What in the world? It's a dried catfish. That is dried catfish. It's cooked and everything. Smoked. Oh, my gosh. Have as much as you want. Look at that. Wow. That's awesome. Oh, my god. They got great water. Some of the best spring water I've had in a while. You can drank as much as you want. We're very well hydrated. I brought a dried catfish with me. You know, I didn't expect to find anybody, but I found them. Of course I'm going to share. It's common courtesy. So how have things been going, man? Other than lack of protein? We've been thriving here. And we do have some game here. Yeah, I seen it. That's why I come this way. I was like, "man, I see big game running all over the place." yeah. I just haven't been able to close a deal. Six different things I've hit square on. Yeah. They just don't drop. For a living, I teach wilderness survival and primitive living skills so I've hunted since I was a small child. Four years old. That's good. Good combo. Yeah. You mind if I have a little bite of that? You can have that. Pass that around, man. Oh, thank you so much. This is much needed. Thank you so much. I haven't had a good amount of protein in a very long time. Give you a boost max. Still got a long time to go. The catfish tastes wonderful. In fact, it's the best thing I've tasted in a very long time. Where we're at, everything's plentiful just no big game. Would y'all care if I hung out and hunted? Uh-uh. Oh, absolutely not. I'd beg you to. Well, I mean, if you need a hunter you got one for 48 hours. I'll have to make a trek back over the mountains to bring some meat back to my team if we get some. Yeah. As long as we get a share of what you kill. We have kudu, impala, duikers, and klipspringers. Sweet, man. Everything runs that ridge and then comes down at that pond. Gonna have to set up an ambush. An ambush site. This ravine right here, we have a hunters stage at the tree down below and a spotter up top to watch for him coming down. We'll get some big game. I'm really excited about what might happen here. ♪ Ouch. Ow, ow, ow. So hot. I have to get out of the sun. So painful. That right there hurts so bad. You have the blisters right here. You can see that all welted up on top of my feet. My problem is across the tops of my feet nothing can touch it. It just hurts so bad. So I can't even make shoes. But until my feet heal, I'm pretty much stuck here with seth. Seth has been gone somewhere around four to five hours by now. And we're well into the african shade time. And I don't know if he's in shade or not, but I can tell you he didn't drink any water at all today and we're at high noon in africa. So we'll see how that goes. ♪ ♪ [bleep] ♪ Oh, my god. What the [bleep] I think he's peeing in that water and then drinking it. Yuck. I don't like baboons. They scratch their butts and smell their fingers and then drink my water. Not cool. It's so dirty and extremely dangerous. I don't like this a bit. He's drinking way more than his share. I'm gonna chase this guy off. Hey! Stop drinking my [bleep] he's gonna come back and drink more water, dick. More and more species of animals have come into the water source. If they take my water, we're gonna have a fight. ♪ ♪ Sarah: I wonder how ryan's doing. I know, seriously. I hope he's got some good shade. I know. It's weird not having the whole team around, you know, just something about the dynamic of the three of us that really made it this camp. And, you know, it's just that something's obviously missing. You can feel it in the air. I'm gonna go get some firewood. Okay. I love being out here. You know, it does suck. The water is disgusting. You know, the food's not enough. The heat is [bleep] insane. But duties need to be done daily. It's a full-time job. And since ryan's away, now we're down to person, so we both do have to do a little extra work. ♪ ♪ Wait. There's a snake in the roots of that tree right there. Oh, yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and say this is a puff adder because it doesn't look very black and it doesn't look like a cobra to me. But it's venomous. It will kill you. If I get bit by it, I'm out of here. This is definitely one of those where you're just weighing the risk versus reward. It would be nice to have my own kill here, too. It could be some nice protein, but he could kill me. ♪ Oh, [bleep] [ snake hissing ] oh, my god. I see him. Holy [bleep] that's [bleep] crazy. ♪ Jon: It's a puff adder, a venomous snake. ♪ ♪ ♪ That head will still bite you so gonna have to stay away from that. It's a fat little guy. You know, I was collecting wood right here. And he could have got me right there and I would've never even known he was there. I feel positively top notch right now. I feel like this will probably have as much meat as like a smallish catfish. Killed a poisonous snake, venomous snake with a stick in africa. And we're sleeping 50 yards away from it. ♪ Sarah: What... [ laughs ] is that? It's a puff adder. Oh, my god. Here. Gotcha. So how close to the camp was this guy? He was at that tree that we were collecting firewood at before. Holy crap. Sarah: I'm really proud of him for obtaining that food for us. But it's definitely nerve-wracking to think that there's probably more over there. This tells me that we're definitely going to have to put another ring of ash around here, because if it gets cold tonight, this is going to be something they're going to want. Well, good job. Yeah. This thing is a deadly threat to all of us, but it's also food for all of us. So it was a good decision to take it down. ♪ ♪ Seth: I have no idea where the impala went. I don't know if they're going to come back close enough again any time soon. I've got to get back to the boma so I can hydrate. It's the middle of the day, really hot. I'm dehydrated. I have to go back to the boma and get some water. Or I'm not going make it back to the boma at all. ♪ Hot, hot, hot, hot. [bleep] ♪ Oh [bleep] water. [ gulping ] ahh. I came damn near heatstroke on the way back. I'm actually not surprised by that because I don't think you really drank anything this morning before you left. Sometimes you have to push. Yes, absolutely, I wish that we'd have an impala today. I mean, why would I not? That being said, it's very difficult for me to have empathy for seth when he's almost had heatstroke. "I've got exhaustion and it's so hot." because it's almost like it's the first time he's figuring it out. Every time. It's hot. You could cook on it out there. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I know. I mean, like you could literally [bleep] cook something on the ground out there. If we had something to cook. Shh! Silence. I'm not hunting just for me. I'm hunting for us. Just... just be quiet. Dizzy. My head is pounding. Finish that. ♪ Isn't that a wonderful partner right there? Takes the water and goes down there to drink it. Knowing I can't get all the way down there because I'm having problems with my feet. That's a good partner right there. [ burps ] ♪ ♪ ♪ [ groans ] ♪ [ hyena barking ] oh, my god. Hyena. [ barking and growling ] you can hear them at the pond. Drinking my water. They're everywhere. I'll just keep an eye on the fire so hyena won't come here. ♪ Oh, my god. All that noise. No [bleep] sleep tonight. [ hyenas yipping ] ♪ ♪ Game plan for today. Game plan. Our plan today is to hunt. We need to get protein. You going down? I'm going down. I'll find that blind down there. Alright. So if you're gonna go down, then I'm gonna sit in that tree on the high end by the little pond we have. Okay. And then that way, if they come to me, that's great. If they come in the middle, the wind's blowing that way. They'll smell me and push on down to you. And you're gonna spot? I'm gonna spot. I'll spot you. Okay. Right at the pond. At the pond. Yep. Alright. Let's get mobile. Mm-mm-mm. Today is the day. It's going down today. Oh, man, I hope. For gwen and I, this is getting down to it. We really can't go too much longer without some protein or we'll have no choice but to tap. Gwen: I'm the spotter. I sit on the upper side of the ravine. And I can watch the entire ravine on a ridge line. Then they could sit down below. And we can use hand signals back and forth to be able to talk. Wes: We're hopeful that if they don't want to come to me, that they'll go down the cut a little more and go to ryan. Ryan: There's game all over the place here. I think it's gonna be a good spot. ♪ I'm gonna cover the front here a little bit. Make a blind because the impala, they come from there down through here to get a drink. This whole trail, it's a close shot. I can get an impala right here, I just gotta conceal this a little bit. After weeks of just fishing and clams, red meat would be great and it would also be good for my tribe. There's a lot of weight on my shoulders to take something big. This is the blind. Now I just sit and wait. ♪ ♪ Wes: The pressure is terrible. Knowing that you have to make something happen today, you feel like you got the weight of the world on your shoulders. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Yes. Yes. ♪ Okay. ♪ Go extremely slow. Yep. Just in case he pops up, I don't want us to take a chance here. You never want to go after an animal when you shoot with a bow the second it drops. If you go over too fast, it may take off running again. ♪ [ growls ] - man. - Awesome job, dude. Cool beans. [ sighs ] nice job. Come here, man. Coming in for the big one. Mm. I am more excited than I've been in a very long time. This is a done deal. We have just harvested an animal and we're going to eat today. Gwen: Fantastic. Hold your trophy arrow for you? Yeah, get a little blood on your hands. I think I'll have a lot of blood on my hands. Come here. I'm gonna blood ya. Oh, yeah? There you go, dude. I'll take it. First africa kill. This is a huge boost and mental win for wes. He needed it badly. I'm so happy for him because he finally nailed one. La-di-freaking-da. Whoo! Oh [bleep] yeah. Good job, wes. Thank you. We were needing it. I'm [bleep] stoked. I heard you like clapping and hollering. Oh, you knew something was going on, didn't you? I was like, "oh, yeah. Something went down." yeah. We're eating klipspringer, cuz. Hell, yeah. It's going to be fantastic. ♪ I think this liver and stuff's done, guys, from the kidneys. - Look at that. - Have a piece of liver, gwen. Yes, sir. ♪ Oh, that liver is so good. Man, don't pass up that kidney, either. That thing's got a whole different flavor. Mm-hmm. It's delightful. Mmm. Good lord, every single organ tastes different. Mm-hmm. Here, there's a chance to kill big game every day. And there's more food coming here than you can ever eat. Ryan: The other members of my tribe. They might not agree to switching camps, but if it was just me, yeah, I would switch. I'm want to wet my blade too, here. I'm gonna make this my home. ♪ Bulent: And for a baby not to be with the mother is extremely unusual. It'll get eaten in a day. ♪ Amazing how nature works sometimes. You have a little deer literally within reach, but they'll go for the water. That should just tell you just how valuable water is out here. It is extremely hot and the water supply keeps getting smaller and smaller. If it doesn't rain, I am going to run out of water. Once I run out of water, I've got maybe two days to live. ♪ ♪ ♪ [ seth snoring ] suzanne: Seth. Seth. Mm. Mm. Seth, I'm kind of like squished. Really un[bleep]necessary. I don't have much room. You know that, right? This is where I'm laying. I'm not moving. Two can play at this game, you know? You know darn good and well, it's really easy to back it up. [ groans ] shh! You've been asleep for seven hours. Go [bleep] yourself. How's that sound? Are you serious? This is where I'm [bleep] laying seth. Shut up. Seth. Shh! This is where I'm laying. Too bad. [ groans ] [bleep] every [bleep] time. Every [bleep] time I come on challenges I get [bleep] paired up with some [bleep] [bleep] narrator: Throughout the 40 day banishment challenge, each team will receive an updated xl rating... [bleep] aah! ...Or xlr, which tracks their progress and likelihood of success. A discovery of elephant bones... Gonna use these bones to make me a bone throne. Narrator: ...Has bulent feeling at home in africa. Department-store quality, narrator: But his most precious commodity might be at risk. Hey! Stop drinking my [bleep] his xlr drops from 6.3 to 6.1. After ryan arrived for a two-day hunt, wes's arrow finally hit its mark... Scoring his team's first significant protein of the challenge. Wes: We're going to eat today. Wes and gwen's xlr rises significantly from 5.7 to 6.2. While ryan got a taste of wes's success... Ryan: Here, there's a chance to kill big game every day. There's more food coming here than you can ever eat. Narrator: ...Jon turned a deadly threat into a food win. A fat little guy. But their partner remains far from camp. I want to wet my blade here. I'm gonna make this my home. Narrator: As a result, their team xl rating remains at 6.2 and for seth and suzanne... Holy [bleep] no way. ...A lack of food... [bleep] my arrow. [bleep] I must have just grazed it. ...And suzanne's injured feet... Suzanne: I feel very trapped. ...Brings their xlr down from 5.2 to 4.8 and they bring their partnership to a new low. Seth, I don't have much room. [ groans ] every [bleep ] time I come on a challenge I get [bleep] paired up with some [bleep] [bleep] ♪ ♪ ♪ Suzanne: I'm done. I'm so done with seth. The primary thing that has kept me from leaving these past days are my feet. ♪ Ouch. Suzanne is driving me frickin' crazy, it's affecting us as a tribe. I'm not even sure that we can call ourselves a tribe at this point. We're just sharing a space in a boma. ♪ Coming out and getting some firewood. Go ahead and take this opportunity when the sun's not too high. I'm able to walk without the sun hitting the tops of my feet. And here's a gold mine of wood. Ooh. Wow. Something got killed in here. Look at all those feathers. My gosh. I'm thinking that I can tie them together and make little covers for my feet. I have to protect the top of my feet. If I make a band and just have feathers flowing on it, it'll protect the skin without hurting it. Because feathers are soft. Oh, my gosh, this is such a find. And they're pretty to top it off. The down is just so soft. Wow. I mean, this is, yeah. A good cry because I'm done with seth. I'm leaving him. I don't even really know where I'm going, but I can't wait any longer. This has to be good enough. I'm so happy to be getting out of here. Who knows, maybe this is my little sign that I'm going to find my other birds of a feather so that we can all flock together. I need to find my people. I need to find my tribe. ♪ Seth, we need to talk. Okay. I'm leaving. You're leaving? Like, you're leaving the challenge or you're leaving the camp? I'm leaving you. Why? I'm over it. The rudeness, name calling, condescending behavior, and I had more than enough of that. Okay. And that's why I am willing to leave all these resources to go I don't know where and risk dehydration and everything else to get away from you. [ scoffs ] wow. ♪ Narrator: Next time on "naked and afraid xl"... Ooh. Oh [bleep] if it's seth or death, I'm not choosing seth. Jon: This is extra brutal. There's no water, no shade. Sarah: I don't want to tap. I'm worried it might be heatstroke. Mother africa is so unpredictable. Holy [bleep] there's a snake. What the [bleep]? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 