Persona: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Persona 
 s1e4 - Walking at night - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Persona (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Walking at night - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ripped by gabbyu's Subs My sister was having a really difficult time. She said she couldn't live like that any longer. She started saying that she just wanted to die. But she never really wanted to die. I guess she endured all that time in the hospital because she actually wanted to live. But she ended up dying. I stayed with her, watching her pass away slowly. At the moment of her death, she opened her mouth. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She was desperately trying to breathe her last breath. Like this. She died with her mouth open like this. That is why I promised myself that I would never die with my mouth open. I'll resist life by accepting my death when I die. That's what I decided. WALKING AT NIGHT Why are you telling me such gloomy stuff? What? Stuff like dying. Because... I'm dead. Did you forget? I remember now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You died... You did... You... Hey. Why are you crying? You're making me sad. You didn't even shed a single tear at my funeral. I thought about cutting ties with you since you didn't cry. I don't know how I'd cut ties after dying, though. I didn't want to cry. I don't even know why I'm crying right now. You're the one who died and left me here. Why should I cry for you? Why are you getting so worked up? It's such a nice night. Come on. Don't you remember this street? This is where we used to walk together. Do you remember now? I remember. You flirted with me here. -I did? -Yes, totally. I just showed my affection to you. Don't call it flirting. You smelled really nice that night. And now, too. It's amazing how I can smell stuff even in a dream. Right. Do you realize that you're in a dream now? Then are you not real? I am. Well, I'm not alive, so maybe I am not. I feel sad because I can feel that I am disappearing as if I am slipping away. I don't know where I am now, but I wanted to come and see you before I completely disappear. So I used your dream, like this. So is this what it's like to see dead people in your dream? I'm not sure. I haven't been dead for long, so I don't know much. Anyway, I heard that when you wake up from the dream, you would barely remember anything. Then what's the point of all this if I can't remember anything? And you're already dead. Remembering isn't important. The important thing... is that we can be together again like this. I'm starting to get sad again. Don't cry. You'll wake up from your dream. Okay. You're so obedient. Good boy. That's why I liked you so much. I loved this place. Do you think it's still there? I'm not sure. Do you remember what we ate? Of course. They were selling a glass of wine at a ridiculous price of 3,900 won. You remember stuff like that? Of course, I remember everything. I remember the strange painting hung on the stone wall, and the drunk man who was sleeping next to us. There was another table across from us, and nice music was playing inside the restaurant. I think the music was strange. Right, it was this song. I remember the bad wine, too. I liked it, though. It was terrible. It really is terrible. Aren't you curious about why I died? What's the point? You said I wouldn't remember anything when I wake up. Well, then... Why did you die? I was lonely. The loneliness I felt seemed endless. I couldn't see the end of it. Did I make you feel lonely? No. You were always there for me. There are people who know me and people who don't. You were one of those who knew me, and there were others besides you. Those people were the ones who made me feel lonely. There were so many people who knew me other than you, but the way they treated me made me feel lonely. You were always there for me, but I just suffered in vain until I died. What are you doing? I'm trying to make sure I remember this when I wake up. I'll never stop blaming myself. I'll probably spend the rest of my life trying to figure out what I did to make you die. I'm sorry. I want to... make you remember that it wasn't your fault. Did you see how I died? No. I only heard about it. I didn't die right away, even when I fell from so high. I was conscious for a moment. People gathered around me, and I closed my mouth with all my strength. I couldn't breathe through my nose because of the blood, but I still closed my mouth. I can't remember how I died, though. Do you happen to know whether I died with my mouth open or closed? No, I don't. I'm curious. You still get curious about things even after death? I guess so. I don't know where my sister is and where I'm going. Even when I'm dead, I constantly feel the sense of disappearing. The sense of disappearing... That's all there is. There is nothing... I can figure out. It was summer. That night. It was a summer night. I could hear the sound of insects. Dreams and death lead to nowhere. They will end up nowhere... and eventually be forgotten. We are here, but no one will remember us. Everything is gone, and only the night remains. Goodbye. Translated by Ju-young Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 