Maken-Ki! Battling Venus: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Maken-Ki! Battling Venus 
 s1e1 - The Day We Swore to Heaven - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Maken-Ki! Battling Venus (2011–2014): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Day We Swore to Heaven - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 , Now, I'm on my way to visit a friend of my childhood .Taki-chan No., Aoyama-Takeru . We have grown up in the same town and we trained at the same dojo .But after elementary school, Takeru record suddenly in a private boarding school Therefore, for a full three years, we are not able to .althdt on the phone, so we meet each other . I claimed Haruko Amaya .I new in the prestigious Academy Tenby .Oona also Vice President of the Student Council .Taquero ... I wonder what kind of men who became the Do you have become too long? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do you become interested in your study? Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru Aoyama \ h \ h Takeru .Taquero, it's me, Haruko . I am here to Ostahbk It's the first day of school, I remember? .Takyrv Takyrv? Takyrv? are you home? Takyrv? M-from there? I am. It's, Amaya Haruko ! Would-Haro-nee ! E-Wait for the moment What do you do? ! Nothing, just wait ! Aanrsa Takyrv? Are you okay, Haruo-ni? .Yes, I am fine -Taquero, I went after ! Â-sorry ! I have slipped ...And What do you mean by glided]? ...And also ! Put your pants properly, Takei-stupid .Asv on this . We have the first time we met three years ago, it is supposed to be private YOU REALLY mess, Takei-chan . Please do not call me so ! I am glad to see you again .Harv-nee . We have become more beautiful, Haruo-ni .Ta-Ki-stupid By the way, I forgot to ask you this before, but why she applied for the Academy Tenby? . In fact, you can login without taking the exam or job interview .Oha boarding school :And also ! Starting today, we will be mixing with the girls of this prestigious school .Ah, I understood .Odaa, for those dark days with special middle school boys These past years, and full of other boys paid. I may desire sex to the explosion stage ! But now, my life optimistic high school waiting for me ! Or rather, I am waiting for your arms Muftouhtan .Stupid Takeru, Is it possible that you do not know anything about this school? about what? Apart from mixing, it is only Normal High School, is not it? No., it is not normal How so? Note: Takeru will understand the word battles as dance concerts ... In fact, there is a gallery of the school battles ... Concerts dance? . It is, therefore, Strqsn young priests on spiritual music Shinto ! Priestesses? ... priestesses Ttolen responsibility for dance parties ...this means In other words, I can dance with priestesses beautiful day before the New Year? Is that what I heard? .Antbah, all students , Student Council and those who will attend the entrance ceremony . Please assemble immediately .I have to go .I in the Student Council .Alhvl will take place in the gym . So, do not sauntered and went straight there .Orak then .Harv-nee Takeru-san .ouyama .Mreha to your Tenby Academy ! If, Snkhtlt starting today .I am very pleased .Otsael If there are boys uncharismatic New .bahm, I think, understand they will be the smallest of us No. I'm interested . I did not feel this way a long time ago ! Many girls . I wish to be Takei-chan's okay .I'm lost .Binma you're chasing girls, I ended up in this mysterious place .Hassana ... It's just another obstacle to joining the new school ! I am glad that I moved to Tenby , Lkshf luster To reveal your score own You show your soul. You must here in Tenby ... the path of the torch ! It must be engraved in the heavens ... ! What-what? Am I dreaming or something? What happens here the hell? . If you win the fight, you Soaidh I win. If in this fighting, Sttoagafin for whining on every little thing .Ooh, What a young Poor ! It is mine ! If I was not in this opinion Are you sure you have allowed this to fight? . Do not see a problem in this .Akchav out of this dispute will make things more exciting .I apologize boy? I told you that this school has become mixed, is not it? Oh, do so? Well, what's up? I can  two I can see  Circle I can see your pants  Waivers .Osttia see inner your pants .Aa her from an old gag Is it really born in this era? !Madam White sky ...? White sky]? ] ! Oh, I understand ! Simply I will send you to the heavens !I'm sorry ! A-I did not see them You do not there is a white panties ! I did not see them ... A-You Are you okay, ma'am? You are ]? ] ! I have to go to the gym ! A-I am sorry . I should find him .Ogel, you should find him .Ta arch .Yup ! It is the enemy that I am trying to ! Mixing is the best .Achtbar, test .Nicom is currently testing the radio . We have arrived at the right time .Achtbar, test Can you hear me? I tested a lot. I have .Sadhati and gentlemen, hello to the Tenby Academy Director of your school. I, Rcoju Minori .Ood little talk about this school for new entrants : Our school logo consists of the heart !the heart Beauty !Beauty Body ! Body the heart . Beauty . Body .Gulwbna and our bodies should be strong and beautiful . This logo will not change, although we have become mixed Dear boys and girls, to take the this slogan to .gulwbkm and cared for in your bodies and your hearts .Atbawa school laws .In both love and war, you made your decisions freely Valhrb love? the heart . Beauty . Body , In all of them, so that you can get one of the eight original McCain Elements of advisors will you study , Should your control elements should be enough to get one of the eight McCain .Hnalk bright future awaits you McCain]? ] Elements ]? ] I do understand a word of what she said .Hassana, I think the proof will be visually a quick way to explain .Alvsal 2-B, No. 6, quinoa galette .Ooadha Chapter 2-B, No. 7, Hinatsu Azuki .Oatha Director, I have fought with Azuki shortly before Oh really? , Naturally . I have triumphed .Oatha poor Ku-chan . From now on, Azuki-san strongly Sthompskh every night .Udmuah Sthbll pillows I did not know that Azuki-san was Stuffed animals .thab And Tqatlta for that? Galit ... How do you know this? I mean ! Not so rampant secrets .Anh just a fun revenge What do you want can do about this, O Director? It would not interfere with one of you resolve it? .Madarh , I, Hemegama Kodama .Sohark in fighting Hemegama-san? . It's that girl ... My opponent The boy notes. It would A-I? !إنتظري لحظة, هيميغامي-سان !تاكيرو, أوياما تاكيرو-كُن طالب جديد .أوه, إذًا اسمه تاكيرو ...أجل, هو صديق طفولتي... أعني .من الظلم أخذ طالبًا جديدًا .نائبة الرئيسة محقة .أيتها المديرة, يجب علينا تغيير خصمها .حسنًا, لا أرَ مشكلة في هذا ...لا يمكن .حسنًا إذًا, أيها المبتدئ, تقدم .تقدم إلى المسرح, عزيزي .هيي, إنهض ...ولكن, أنا أنت تعلم ما الذي سيحصل لك عندما تنتقل إلى تينبي, أليس كذلك؟ أحصل عليه؟ .لا تبالي, فقط إذهب هـ-هل يجب أن أقاتل؟ ضد فتاة؟ .هذا غير ممكن LORD ANIMATION :ترجمة shx :إنتاج !القتال الخاص بالحفل سوف يبدأ الآن ...قتال :الإعلان عن المتسابقان .عضوة من اللجنة التأديبية, الفصل 2-أيه, الرقم 20, هيميغامي كوداما .والطالب المنتقل الجديد, أوياما تاكيرو-كُن لماذا يحدث هذا؟ لماذا يجب علي مقاتلتها؟ مقاتلة فتاة؟ ...لا أستطيع .هيي, أيها الفتى نعم؟ أنا؟ ما الأمر؟ هل أنت متوتر؟ .أنا آسف بما حدث مسبقًا .لا تبالي .فقط إسترخي قليلاً .قد يُطلق عليه قتال, ولكنه من أجل الحفاظ على التظاهر .Bataba, I will not seriously Ohajmk . Just move like you practiced karate Take on things myself advisors will .I understand .Guetal against Hemegama-san ... I wish to be Boukara .I am very worried . If this is the case, Vsolab close to them ... that mark on his chest No. There is no doubt in this .Anh enemy who must defeat the , And next to it , He did not only see my husband's favorite ! But he also stole the first my kiss What is this cunning, ma'am? You worry about me. Do you? do not worry . I will not kill him Now. Not currently .Aicazuchi What is the matter? .Ltassagah on his chest by lightning . From clear that it is inappropriate to hold an element , Given its current condition, it is unaware of even basic defenses , Shock directly on his heart will cause Likely to kill him. On .Sidta, Kamigarri Stjn if exaggerated in this .Bjanb So, you must not carry Dgaink personal to the ring .I know this .Oalm Order ... but still .Dmayy ... tghly ... expressions Hemegama-san Do Stqatlh seriously? .Ho is still unable to use the elements . Not have Takeru any chance to win . Even if the battle practically, is against the intervention school rules .Orjok Be okay .I beg you . [Will be fighting in the last three minutes [such as boxing .Abdia Just three minutes? ... If it is short, the . I am pleased, it is still good as usual .what the hell? It's really boring fight what? ! Takei-chan ! McCain lock -Alsmoat ! I'm not very fast .Kamodu: it is a powerful sword practiced by the Japanese gods ! McCain detailed: Kamodu What was this? You are repulsed so racist? Who are you? . This Almckin ... not a copy of the original dish .It's real McCain .anh Original ... If so, if who are you?... ... Finally .vakhyra vjdtk ... Takyrv-related Are you fine? ...I apologize . I am happy to meet you, Takeru-sama ...My God Excuse me, Listen, can I ask you something? how did you know my name? .Taquero-sama, smell very nice ! Cell-smutty behavior .Harv-nee M-Who are you? How do you know Takeru? .Asvh late to intrusive, claimed Keshia Aanaho Come. I have to protect Takeru-sama, starting today Support? .Kkhtipetk I have revealed. I think favorite thing I have here E.-This is bad If, he has a fiancee, huh? No. You can judge a book by its cover at all No. It seems that he knows What is the word [fiancee]? What do you mean? . We need to hear the story of Takeru himself Is there any speeches what, Amaya? . You really angry loveable .Alomr is not so .see you later .Okay . We need to talk .Omm, wait I will go, okay? ... Nations .Ooh, it's you !What is the meaning of this? ... In fact, we .Mderh school said as long as we were engaged, we can share the room The room ... No. 7 will be very spacious for one person .well, okay . It's too far away from these responsibilities .anyway .Vty girl should not they have to share credit in the room . As mayor, I can not allow this .Manma said Director .Ooh for, three people in a dormitory is something nice and wide What's up, Amaya? You Do Orbakk my presence here? . This room is enough for three students only .Nzera different circumstances, I have been appointed in this room also Different circumstances]? like what? ] ...Circumstances .Hsna, containers .Omm, it's not as if I asked them to move This happened. I have no scientific Nations ... Haruo-ni? Harrow-nee? !Okay . If, I will live here too Oh really? .Llosv, it is a dormitory for only three people .Alomr has nothing to do with the subject .Kmhafezh, my duty is to solve problems No. The mind, but we have only three beds .Ooh I understand, Takeru and I can participate in one bed ! I do not allow it No. If a good slept in the upper floor .Vkrh acceptable .But, Takeru-sama will be lonely .Nzera circumstances, there is no other choice Oh yes, I mentioned earlier that your childhood friend, is not it? What-What about this? . [Takei-chan] . I have no doubt that I have heard you during the fighting dost thou .Ontma very close relatives .not exactly We trained in the same. We have dojo . I think that this is the logical explanation of what you are doing now . How dare you ... I'm not really . I have become hungry instead . In this case, we should organize a gala dinner tonight .Bravo .Kmhafezh, do not allow the parties in this room . In fact, we do not need to your post I reject this. I also Hemegama-san? .Takyrv .Otsael if he slept well -Taki-Cha The first episode title Day of the divine contract sunao ni itai no yo I want to tell you what I feel sukiyotte itai no yo [I want to tell [I love you One the unit One Two One, two One Two One, two One the unit One Two Vahdasnan One Two Three !one two Three kakushitetatte ne mawari ni ha kitto bareteru I try to hide it, but I'm sure that everyone knows this already kitto Sure demo chikasugite mo ne kimochi nante ienai Although we are very close relatives, I can not tell you what I feel nante ...But se no takasa itsu kara watashi yori chotto takakute I've matured and become a little longer to me before I know it chotto Slightly nanoni kodomo mitai na kao wo shite waraundane However, you still have those childish smile shite Childish me wo michau to yowai no I feel weak when I look into your eyes kizutte yo Please, notice me yappari kizukanaide my baby You do not see me this way after all, oh baby bi-bi-bi-bikkuri masuka ne Are you surprised? suki ni naru nante I fell in love? za-za-za-zaiza to nattara .... If necessary mamoru kedo kimi no haato madowasu kehai ga shitara I will defend you, but your heart sends me mixed signals mo ippo baby baby my day suki to tsugetai Another step will say that I love you Sure ...My heart Sure ...My heart meki unfailing meki unfailing sukaato ni koi ni juudan kakushiteru ! I love Obi bullet under Tnorca sunao ni itai no yo I want to tell you what I feel sukiyotte itai no yo [I want to tell [I love you One the unit One Two One, two One Two One, two One the unit One Two One, two One Two Three !one two Three sunao ni itai no yo I want to tell you what I feel sukiyotte itai no yo [I want to tell [I love you One the unit One Two One, two One Two One, two One the unit One Two One, two One Two Three !one two Three Became beautiful. We have, Haruo-ni Preview of Hemegama .Oday Hemegama Kodama Tenby Academy If I can help in this, the eyes, the boys improper that invaded our Academy No. They should gaze to the places they want ! Those who are trying to be my frustration must send them to the heavens Next Episode Title Girls Mzhlat, as you know ! Need to warn them this well 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 