Jett: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jett 
 s1e6 - Josie - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jett (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Josie - full transcript 
 Jett and fellow con McKay look to steal a collector's car; Josie is forced into a dangerous game with Junior. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MARÍA: There's a guy in the kitchen waiting for you. He's really handsome. MAN: Miljan Bestic. JETT: There's gotta be something. A sister. Divorced. Ex works for Bestic. You know him? You said you needed to know how many more jobs. Three. Here's job number one. Name is Nolan. I got all kinds of patients. An actress married to this businessman. In that garage is a 1958 Mercedes-Benz roadster. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 JOSIE: Salas and Junior, cozy as fucking lice. JACKIE DILLION: What did I say about tailing Bobby on your own? BOBBY LARKIN: Mrs. Castillo? -I just got made. -Bobby Larkin. Bobby! -It was nice to meet you. -Same. She's a cop, and you brought her there. I can't do this anymore. I want a regular partner. The new judge is setting up a task force, -and I think I should transfer. -I'm not gonna let you do that. I'm not asking for your permission. -What happened to your forehead? -(GRUNTS) -Tell me it was your brother. -It was my brother. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're gonna need a bigger house. (phonograph needle crackles on record) ("Malambo No. 1" by Yma Sumac playing) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ What they do in Peru ♪ ♪ Tusurikusun viditay ♪ ♪ What they do in Peru ♪ ♪ Tusurikusun viditay ♪ ♪ What they do in Peru ♪ ♪ Tusurikusun viditay ♪ ♪ What they do in Peru ♪ ♪ Tusurikusun viditay ♪ ♪ A ti solito te quiero yo ♪ ♪ Cholito lindo, bésame sí! ♪ ♪ En tus brazos me quiero morir ♪ ♪ Cholito lindo, bésame si! ♪ ♪ Ah! ♪ ♪ Ah! ♪ ♪ Wawa-wawawaw-wawawawa ♪ ♪ Wawa-wawawaw -wawawawa ♪ ♪ Wawa-wawawaw-wawawawa ♪ (song ends) (soft crackling) (crackling stops) -(distant siren wailing) -(glass squeaking) (muffled suction cup pops) (glass clatters) (wind whistling) -You in? -Jett (over radio): We're in. (whirring) (whirs) (drill whirring) (shatters) (clicking) (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) (clicks) ♪ ♪ (chuckles) (zips bag) Charlie: Did you hurt Mr. Tyler? He didn't even know we were there. What if he'd seen you? Would you? Jett: That's not what we do. What's your name? You know my name. Charlie: I'm asking 'cause I want to hear you say it. What's it to me what you want? (laughs) Jesus Christ, man. I'm just making conversation. What's your name, big guy? McKay. -Quinn speaks highly of you-- -Charlie, you're losing me here. (sighs) Charlie: This associate of mine, who you are accusing of trying to rip you off, we've been doing business for a long time. Now, I instructed him to give you 20%, and you waltz in here and you tell me that he offered you 10, and insulted your girl. It wasn't insulting, just unprofessional. -(tape rips) -Charlie! Please, don't do this-- Shh, shh, shh. Now, you hear what we're talking about. -I can explain everything-- -I know you been stealing from me. Coked-up piece of shit. I'm gonna ask you this once. Did you or did you not try to lowball Quinn? -I did. -And... did you or did you not ask Daisy to polish your knob? It was a joke! It was a harmless joke, man! Was it funny? Oh please, please! Don't do this, Charlie! (muffled crying) Teach him some manners. Smash his teeth in. Charlie... (scoffs) -(tire iron clatters) -Charlie: Fuck it. I'll give you 25%. (gunshots echo) And, uh, there might be another job we can all do together. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ We shouldn't have taken that next job. Ancient history. It's good to see you. Likewise. So, tell me about the caretakers. Gladys and Sal Hilburn are a happy couple. -Sweetheart... -McKay: They go to the farmers' market once a week, -gym twice a week. -Jett: Together? McKay: They like to spend time with each other. Only time they're apart, he likes to have a beer at a sports bar called Chuck's Luck, late afternoon. Usually stays about an hour. Jett: What does she do in the meantime? McKay: Fusses with the garden. She's got lilies, petunias, geraniums, -all very neatly organized. -(snips) Jett: What do they do at night? McKay: Stay in, mostly. Watch TV. Twice, they've taken a walk out on the beach, but just 15 minutes or so. -One night, I followed them to the theater. -Jett: Movie theater? McKay: No, no. Theater theater. Musical comedies. -Jett: Here? -McKay: Locals get dressed up. Meaning the men put on shoes and pay 15 bucks for a glass of wine, bring it inside in a sippy cup. How about neighbors? Good news. I left fliers next door, three days running. Nobody picked them up, so I went in, looked around, the place is empty. There's access to the Meadows Estate through the back, out of view of the street, once you've disabled the alarms. -Jett: Neighborhood watch? -McKay: Rent-a-cops. Every 45 minutes, like clockwork. -Jett: Any staff at the neighbors? -Pool guy, Tuesday. Talked on the phone for an hour, skimming the water surface, didn't do much else. The gardeners came Wednesday. Smoked a joint, -blew leaves around. -Jett: Same gardeners both places? McKay: Different. Meadows Estate used two Mexican guys in a Ford truck. Rivas brothers, real thorough. -Jett: Maybe they can give me a ride in. -McKay: Maybe. -Where do you want to start? -Jett: Let's see what Gladys keeps in her purse. (ferry boat horn blows) (indistinct chattering) ♪ ♪ (steam hissing) (paper rustles) They've been members of the Portsmouth Playhouse for seven years. McKay: Think they deserve a token of appreciation. Possible. Thin. Very thin. We need to babysit them. So, we get them a driver, make an evening out of it. With a uniform and everything. You look good in a uniform. But we need a driver for the truck, a real driver. You know anyone? Did you ever work with Fred Mooney from Lafayette? Doesn't ring a bell. He's our guy. Alice (over phone): Mom? What's up, monkey? Where are you? In a little town. -What are you doing there? -Just working. -What are you doing? -Talking to you on the phone. -And before that? -We ate pagan brownies. Phoenix (over phone): Vegan. Alice: Oh, not pagan. Vegan. -Is that Phoenix? -Yep. -Did she pick you up at school? -With Maria. And Phoenix brought me fashion magazines. Maria let you read fashion magazines? But no gossip stuff. Maria: 'Cause it rots your brain. Because it rots your brain? -Is that true? -She's got a point. -Mom? -Monkey. What is gossip? Did you ask Maria? She said to ask you this time. Gossip is when people who don't know you say not very nice things about you. -Like lying? -Exactly. Why do they have a separate word for it? That's a very good question. I really don't know. When are you coming home? By the weekend. I miss you. Miss you, too. ♪ ♪ Oh... "In appreciation for your continued support "of the Portsmouth Players, please find enclosed "two reserved orchestra seats "to our smashing theatrical extravaganza Who Needs Flowers?, starring Richard Kind." (gasps) I love Richard Kind. -What is this? -(gasps) This Thursday? How nice is that? And they will send a car for us. What? What car? It says so right here. "A courtesy vehicle "and driver at your disposal so you can indulge in our famous cucumber martinis at the bar." McKay: Judging by his body language, he's a little hesitant. She, on the other hand, she can barely contain herself. Already thinking about the three martinis she's gonna have. -Keep your knuckles flat. -Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ Excuse me, chief? -Can I help you? -I am all turned around here. I was trying to find Brannigan's Cove. You know where that is? Brannigan's Cove? -Isn't that the surfing place? -McKay: Yes, sir. -You fellas surf? -No. But I think it's about a half-mile down that way, past the old bus station. Oh, that so? Well, thank you kindly. (keypad beeping) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (gardeners speaking Spanish) (clicking) (beeping) (beeping) (beeps) (beeps) ♪ ♪ (door opening) (beeps) Jett: Okay. McKay (over radio): Anything to report? Jett: These people have no taste. Is it at least expensive bad taste? Nothing we can fence. (leaf blower whirring) Private security just cruised by. Jett (over radio): Copy. Go to your post. McKay: You got eyes on it yet? Jett: Looking at it now. ♪ ♪ (leaf blower whirring outside) (beeping) -How badly do you want to meet the gardeners? -Trick question. One is headed your way. Jett: Thought you said they spent an hour in here. Be that as it may, you're not gonna make it back in the house to close that garage door. Jett: No point asking which way he's facing. McKay: Right now, he's facing the other way, about six feet away from you. I'll meet you next door. (beeping continuing) (beeps) McKay: Can you see the front gate from there? ♪ ♪ Jett: Tell me it isn't who I think it is. McKay: That's Nolan's car all right. Jett: Alarm is reset. See you in 30 seconds. McKay: He's driving off. Let's make sure he never does that again. Okay. (alarm countdown beeping) ♪ ♪ Did you catch the driver? (sighs) Yes. Any idea who she is? Not the missus. Whole time I watched them, she stayed home all day, shopping online. Mrs. Nolan passed the 300-pound mark years ago. Never looked back. Amateurs. You want me to talk to him? No, I think I better. ♪ ♪ Receptionist: So how did you do last night? Really? Doesn't he have a girlfriend? (laughs) I know... Uh, just one second. -Can I help you? -Yes, I have an appointment with Dr. Nolan. -What's your name? -Ms. Evans. Oh, I'm sorry, Ms. Evans, I don't have you down. -When did you make your appointment? -I did it directly with the doctor. He said for me to come in this afternoon. That's very unorthodox. Go tell him I'm here. Receptionist: Ma'am, why don't you start by filling this out, and I'll see if the doctor can fit you in. Yeah-- Either you go tell him or I do. Receptionist: I'll call you right back. (whispering indistinctly) The doctor will see you now. (sighs) You can hang your clothes on the back of this door, put the robe on, or... not. (door opens) -This is not a good idea. -How much does she know? -Excuse me? -Vicky. My receptionist? I don't care you're banging her. I simply need to know what I'm dealing with here. (scoffs) Hey, I don't like your attitude. This is my deal, you know. I put this thing together, brought it to Evans, so what I do in my private life is very little of-of... your concern, and you just waltzing in here? I gotta tell you, I'm shocked at the level of unprofessionalism-- This morning, when you drove past the Meadows Estate, what did you tell Vicky? How did you-- What, are you people following me? Join us. -Vicky... -Uh-huh? ...Barry is involved in a criminal enterprise that will go off the rails if he is caught driving past the scene of the crime again. Do you understand? -Yeah, she doesn't know any-- -So, whatever he promises you or tells you is fine with us, as long as you keep him away from that place for the next few days. -Think you can manage that? -Of course. Who else has he told about this? -Hey, I'm standing right here, you know-- -Keep your voice down, Doctor. No one else, I swear. Good. Now everybody's on the same page. I leave this matter in your hands. -(sighs) -He won't go near there again. I promise. (door closes) Man: That you? -Vicky: Sure hope so. -Pick up my beer? No. I forgot. Vicky, how many times I gotta remind you? I don't know, 20? Enough times for you to do it yourself. What bug crawled up your ass? It's real. What's real? Barry. He's really gonna go through with it. A woman came by the office today, one of the thieves. I mean... you should've seen this bitch put him in his place. Christ. I could've kissed her. -Oh, yeah? -(laughs) What'd she look like? -Stop. -I have been missing you all day. -I gotta take a shower. -No, you don't. Yes, I do. Putting some time in with him, huh? When's this job? -They won't tell him. -They won't tell him? No. They don't trust him. What are we supposed to do? Watch the place until it happens. I'm supposed to, like, what, be there 24/7, hoping nobody's gonna notice me? Yeah, it will do you some good. You're a little edgy, cooped up in here. Just be sure they don't see you. (sighs) I think he broke a vertebrae. He is no premature ejaculator, -I will give him that. -Don't go telling me this. I'm afraid my arms are gonna give out, and he's gonna crush me and suffocate me before he realizes. I don't want to hear this shit. He says he eats when gets nervous. I never met anyone more nervous. (rapid gunfire on video game) (ferry boat horn blows) -Jett: Where'd you meet him? -McKay: 4000 Cooper Street, -Jackson, Michigan. -(footsteps approaching) Jett: Low point in your life. McKay: Low point in everybody's life. Jett: What was he in for? McKay: Seven to 20 for armed robbery. They tried to cut a deal with him. Talk and walk, but he turned them down. -Hung in there, did the full seven. -Hmm. He's solid, not some racecar asshole. (door opens) -Thanks for picking me up, sir. -Fred, this here's Kowalski. ♪ ♪ -And what do you like to be called? -Kowalski. -You get me a uniform? -It just needs to be pressed. Got a line on an 18-wheeler, too, sir. Checking it this afternoon. How much time you put in the Army, Fred? Fred: Two years, before sniper school, and then about six more months, till they kicked me out. -Sniper school. -Yeah. What did they kick you out for? -(car starts) -Still not sure about that. You work alone, mostly as a sniper. (crickets chirping) (sighs) (urinating) ♪ ♪ What are you doing here? Quinn: Is that how you say hello? Am I supposed to come running and jump in your arms? What's wrong with that? Not happy to see me? Sure I am. This isn't the first time this happens. You dreamt of me in jail? -Didn't you? -Sure. That was mostly about... sex. This is something else. Yeah, but it's nice. Better than a cell block dream? Different. What would you say if you were really here? I'd say... everybody makes mistakes. I can't picture you saying that. What do you picture? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ -This is a no standing zone. -Huh? -You can't be parked here. -Oh. Shit, I was just, uh, tired, you know? I... pulled over to try to catch some Zs. -You live around here? -Uh, no. I'm staying with a, a lady friend. How about you? Uh, what time is it? Nine in the morning. Wanna smoke a bowl? I'm working, dude. Right. Right, shit. (chuckles) If you want to get a beer some time, I'll buy the first round. I'm Henry. All right, Henry. Seth. -Drive careful, will you? -(clears throat) (starts car) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (keypad beeps) -Gladys: Hello? -Car's here. ♪ ♪ Hello. I'm Gladys. This is my husband, Sal. -Good evening, sir. -What's your name? -Freddie. -Freddie. Hi, Freddie. Thank you. Sal: Thanks. ♪ ♪ (beeping) (beeps) ♪ ♪ So, how do we work this? Do we get your num-- I wrote it down, but I'll be right here when you folks come out. -Enjoy the show. -Thank you, Freddie. Okay, they're in. Jett (over phone): Wait till the show starts, then head over. (phone ringing) -Fred. -Jett: You're on. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (hydraulic lift whirring) (lift whirring) ♪ ♪ Stick to the speed limit. Check in later. See you tomorrow night at 10:00. Yes, sir... Miss. -I could just leave them there. -(truck driving) No. Pick 'em up, drop 'em off. Everything completely normal. No reason for anyone to notice anything for a while. -See you back at the motel. -See ya. ♪ ♪ (clock ticking) Henry: Put it down. No fast moves. Hands on your head. Turn around, slow. This house is empty, huh? You figure make it your base of operations? I can see why. Smart. I had the same thought, so we're both smart. Remember that. -What's your name? -Maria. You don't look Mexican. Is that miss or missus? Maria's fine. Play your cards close to your vest, huh? That's cool. I watched you and the two guys do your thing. Slick. I could've done all three of you and taken off with the truck, and then I thought to myself, hold on. Why would I drive a semi when I can just ask you where it's going and cut it off at the drop-off site? Where's it going? A shipping yard in Bergen. -And how do I know you're not lying? -You don't. -Who are you? -I'll tell you who I'm not. I'm not some, some sissy doctor that you can just push around. You have to deal with me on equal terms! (laughing): Yeah. You're like, who is this guy? I can see the thought bubble on top of your head. You're like, who the hell is this dude? I'm the mystery dude, honey, who you never saw coming. That's why you're standing there like a, like a brain fart, shorting out your entire cerebral cortex, while I have a gun on your face. Take your shirt off. Why? Because I want to see you topless. No. If you don't do it, I'll kill you! You're not gonna kill me because I'm no use to you dead. You need to verify what I tell you is the truth, and I am your only leverage with my partners. Turn around. I gotta frisk you. -(smacks) -(grunts) (crickets chirring) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Hi, Bobby! Tiffany, hey. I'm just closing up, but I can show you around, you want to take a look. I brought you a coffee. Um, I heard you were quitting your job. Uh, yeah. (sighs) It's like (sighs)... It's like a wheel that you spin, and you stop spinning it, but it... you know, it keeps going just on momentum. That's what we're like. He comes from a lot of pain. His father is a complete monster. And his mother... she killed herself. What do you think he's gonna do? (sighs) I don't know. He's just so paranoid. Like the other day, when we-- when we ran into you, he told me you were a cop. Like, flat out, he honestly believes that. (scoffs) Bobby, I am a cop. (laughs) That's not even funny. I think you're in real danger here. We can protect you from him. -Get out of my face. -Think it over. Leave this in your office, don't take it home, but call me. I said, get the fuck out of my face, lady! (door closes) (soft jazz music playing) I thought you might want to make a toast to us. (slurping) -(scoffs) -I will, I swear to God. -Guess not. -No, no, no. I just, I don't want to rush it. Let me just go to the bathroom first. -(coughing) -Again? (coughs) I swear to God, I knew you were gonna say that. The sangria's going through me quicker than grain through a pigeon. That's so romantic. Don't be mean. (sighs) I'm sorry. (voices chattering in Spanish) Josie: You've reached Detective Josie Lambert. Leave a message, and I'll call you back. -(beeps) -Come on. Two days, you can't call me back? You're pissed because of the task force thing. I'm an asshole. Let's discuss. And I-I didn't not recommend you to Carter. I told him I couldn't spare you right now, could we review this at a later date. Which is true. Just call me back, please? Please, call me back. (sighs) I miss you. ♪ ♪ Maria: You used to be a junkie? Glamorous stuff. You miss it? You don't have to worry, me being around Alice. I don't know a lot of trustworthy junkies. Well, I'm a different person now. My dad was a part-time drug dealer. I don't think that his heart was in it, but since he was always unemployed, living off my mother, I guess at some point, he had the brilliant idea that smuggling heroin was relatively simple. Took us on holiday to Portugal when I was nine. On the way back, my cousin and I had to wear condoms packed with smack, taped to our waists. Little angels that no one would suspect at customs. Where was your mom in all this? Too scared, and too dumb to do anything. ♪ ♪ Was he violent? Average. Once a week, sometimes not even, but enough that she was petrified. My step-father, Neal's dad, he loved to hit us. But he took it out on Neal worse than me. He was gentler with me. How gentle? No, not like that. Mm-mm. He felt me up this one time he was wasted, but I told him, if he ever tried that again, I'd kill him. Did you mean it? Yeah, I was 14. I don't think I had sex yet. Maybe later that year. I was giving hand jobs before that. Well, anyway, he was really embarrassed, so I figured he wasn't such a bad guy deep down. -Until he cleaned out my mom's bank account. -(laughs) -That usually wakes people up. -Yeah. She never had any luck with men. Is your father still alive? No. Was it a sudden thing? Very... unexpected. Especially by him. You miss him? One day, he took me out for ice cream. On the way back, we got stuck in this rain shower. -(rain pattering) -I'd never seen rain so much, like something from the Bible. (thunder rumbling) I was wearing these little white shorts and a tank top, soaked it straight through. The way he looked at me, hypnotized, no one's ever looked at me that way. I miss that, but not from him. Alice: Phoenix! Where'd you go? Nothing bad will happen to Alice on my watch. Good. Wilbur Force: I'd almost rather go to the dentist -than anywhere, wouldn't you? -Seymour: Yeah. Wilbur Force: Now, no Novocain. It dulls the senses. This is gonna hurt you more than it is me. Oh, goody, goody, here it comes! (panting) -(drill whirring) -(screaming) -(mutes TV) -(door closes) -Chucky, that you? -(bottle pops open) (bottle cap clatters) Jesus, you scared the hell out of me. -Charlie's not here. -Yeah, I know. He sent us to get you. -What for? -(chuckles) Ask him when you see him. I just do what I'm told. The man said grab Bobby, bring him over. -(music playing over radio) -♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ I can't wait ♪ ♪ No, I can't... ♪ (tires screech) -(knocking) -Dillon: Open up! -(knocking) -Josie! Hey! What do you think you're doing? Do you have someone in there? Yes, I'm on a date. Oh, a date? How civilized. Can I meet him? -I'm calling you a taxi. -No, fuck that. Hey! Jack! You're drunk. (laughing) Is that your expert opinion? Let go of me. I don't want to hurt you. What a relief. I am hurt. -Fucking pissed off at you. -No. -Can we not do this? -What, what are we doing? What are we going? We're just talking. How about we skip to the part where it's tomorrow and you apologize, and then we can talk? But right now, you need to go home to your wife, in one piece. You know what your problem is? You want things that you won't admit to. That is your problem. -(scoffs) Okay. -Yeah, yeah. Y-you don't just want these things. You need 'em. You want the, the, the... the picket fence and the little fat baby and the fluffy dog and the Christmas cards. You pretend like you don't, but you do. And it's all this hypocrisy between us that's created all this conflict and, and, and... confusion. Oh gee, doc, would you look at that? We're out of time. -We'll continue this in the next session. -Don't do that. Don't shut me out, okay? I'm the one who's shutting you out? What I want to know is where is your date? Is he, is he in the bathroom? Is he taking a dump, or is he... hiding like a little bitch? He's got nothing to do with this. Let him be. Oh. You're gonna take his side? You must really like this guy. -Do I know him? -Fuck you. Hey, boy toy! -Boy toy, come on out here! -(footsteps descending stairs) -Don't be rude! -Hey. Shh. (sighs) I don't know him. -Is there a problem here? -No problem, Bill. Okay? Just give me a second. Please. Please, do not sleep with Bill. -Give me your car keys. -Just give me a chance. Give me your car keys. You're gonna have to wait outside while I call a cab. You mean, wait outside while you fuck this guy? Give me the keys. Did you pick him up or he picked you up? Just tell me. I'll see you tomorrow. -Just tell me. -I will tell you tomorrow! Jack. Jack! (door slams) -I didn't realize you had a boyfriend. -(sighs) Ex-boyfriend. It's over. -By the way, it's Phil. -Hmm? My name. You thought it was Bill? No. Phil. Phillip. -I know. -God. I just didn't want to correct you in front of him. Does he know it's over? Let's discuss that after. (heavy breathing) (laughter) (knocking on door) (both sigh) I know you're having second thoughts right now, but I want you to fuck me so bad. He doesn't have a key, does he? -No. -(both laugh) (door opens) Motherfucking asshole! One second. -It'll be better if I just go. -Phil, I'll handle it. (sighs) Is this what you wanted to see? Taggart: Now you mention it... ♪ ♪ Whatever you think you're doing here, -I'm giving you the chance-- -You sleep in the raw? -Or you got company? -Turn around -and leave right now. -Hey! (gunshots) Anybody else here? (grunts) What the fuck is wrong with you? You're coming with us for a ride. I advise you, it'd be better if you didn't fight it. Go get her some panties. (wheezes) Wesley Taggart from the Motor City. Junior's do-anything man. I appreciate a girl that doesn't shave her bush nowadays. It shows character. But you like much younger girls, if I remember correctly. Oh, my goodness, Detective. You wouldn't be trying to provoke me? Whatever it is that you think you gotta do tonight, you don't. Junior's being watched, and you're gonna take the fall with him. Seriously? Josephine, if someone is watching Junior, it's a God damn long leash. So, why don't we quit fucking the dog here? Nobody is coming to save you. ♪ ♪ Did he break a rib? I don't know where he got the idea to tackle you like that. Hey, why'd you antagonize the detective like that, huh? -I don't like sneaky people. -(Taggart laughs) Ah, you truly are unpredictable, man. Where are we going? If I told you, you wouldn't believe me. Try me. -You won't believe it until it happens. -Until what happens? (Josie gasping) Sit down. (Josie grunting) Yeah. (panting) (chuckles) You like Hangman? It is a solid game. We're gonna play a round, but... we're gonna play a little differently. You get the word right, you walk. But, and here's the fine print, you might not walk with every body part intact. I mean, unless you're a Hangman shark, but I have no way knowing that, so... if you get a letter wrong, I get to cut a part of you. Hand, foot, head. And now you're probably going, "Well, wait! What if the word is really long?" But I'm no cheat. Unlike some people I can mention. Where's Bobby? No. No! You're not allowed to say his name. Okay! Here we go. Four-letter word. Pick a letter. -I'm not playing. -Did you say A? 'Cause you strike me like the cautious type. You start with vowels for sure. We're building a case against your father, not you. Hmm. Hey, Josie? Don't demean yourself by saying inane shit like that, okay? Now, did I hear an E? And I forgot to mention that this is speed Hangman. The clock is ticking. We have nothing on you, Junior. Bobby doesn't know anything. Didn't know. What did you do? What did I do? What did I do? Well, you're the detective, Josie! What do you think I did? Hmm? Now, did you say I? I think I did hear an I. Yes, there is an I. Here we go. Now see, technically, that's not allowed, but I'm in a generous mood. Now, pick a consonant, Josie. And don't disappoint me. What's it gonna be? Hmm? -(whimpers) -What's it gonna be, Jojo? N. -What was that? -I said N! N! Hoo! My Lord. You lucky slut. There is an N! All right, halfway there. 30 seconds left. I will never tell a soul. Twenty seconds. R. R? R, R... Hmm? Nope, so sorry. There's no R. Are you left-handed or right-handed? -No, no, no! -(indistinct yelling) -(panting) -Okay. Just answer the man, Detective. I can choose for you. Right. Mm, right. Power of persuasion. (chainsaw rumbling) (screaming) (sobbing) -(smacks) -(yells) (men grunting) Junior: Oh... Where you going, Jojo? We just got started. (chuckles) Josie... Josie. You know, the word was jinx. And I think, with a little more time, you would've gotten there. (sighs) Much better than Bobby. He sobbed the entire time. Couldn't make a lick of sense. I cut his balls off. Gonna make a nice pasta sauce with them. Out of respect, of course. (panting) (groans) (panting) (grunts) (footsteps approach) ♪ ♪ -(clangs) -(grunts) Aah, fuck! (panting) (clangs) (bullets ricochet) (rattling) Get up. Taggart: Yo! Find her? Hopper: Negative. Hopper: Fuck, she's fast. -Taggart: Yo, Hop. -Yeah? Over here. You see her? I already checked down the south side. She might've gone down the pathway when we were in the alleyway, but... I think she just kept running. (conversation continues indistinctly) (splats) (Josie gasping) (gunfire) (chainsaw buzzing) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ (SCREAMS) MAN: I know you? Not yet. But if you've got any sense of self-preservation, I recommend you hurry inside. You are a bad dog. You wouldn't just be pretending to be unconscious, would ya? You in some kinda trouble in here, Henry? (TINKLING) MARIA: You think you're in charge of your own destiny? PHOENIX: I don't know anything. You are not. So here is your chance to walk away. ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ (TOOL BUZZES) ♪ (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ SEBASTIAN GUTIERREZ: In episode six, the heist of this precious car in Portsmouth is important because Jett calls a former partner called McKay, who is gonna play a big part in the rest of the season 'cause she needs a team to try and steal this car. ♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪ The job itself is not very complicated. We see Jett in her element. It's almost like taking candy from a baby. EDDIE MCKAY: (OVER MIC) Anything to report? (LOCKS CLICK) JETT KOWALSKI: These people have no taste. CARLA GUGINO: She walks into a house that she knows no connection to, and she sees a picture of Charlie Baudelaire. And... that is a big moment of realization for Jett because these jobs aren't random, and they're all tied together by one thing, which is Charlie. GUTIERREZ: One of the banes of Jett's existence is things getting out of control, not because somebody smarter than you has outwitted you, but because stupid people are doing stupid things. MCKAY: Can you see the front gate from there? JETT: Tell me it isn't who I think it is. GUTIERREZ: Vicky is a small town femme fatale trying to figure out her way out of this town. JETT: Join us. GUGINO: She ends up having an affair with the doctor that she's working with, but also has a boyfriend who messes things up even worse. -I've been missing you all day. -Stop. When's this job? Just be sure they don't see you. All the men around her are not super bright. She's much brighter than all of them, and Jett realizes that the way she can control the situation is through Vicky. -She doesn't know anything. -So whatever he promises you or tells you is fine with us, as long as you keep him away from that place for the next few days. Think you can manage that? Of course. Now everybody's on the same page. GUTIERREZ: You can be so good at what you do, but if something that doesn't make any sense surprises you, it might take you down. And for a moment, Henry's ineptitude throws her off her game, and it puts Jett in a lot of danger. HENRY: Put it down. No fast moves. GUGINO: As fate would have it, in the same way that she went to prison probably for one of her lesser crimes, she is knocked out by one of her lesser foes. Turn around. GUGINO: We're not sure what happens, and we don't end up seeing her for quite some time. (GRUNTS) ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 