The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Episode 8 I... heard why you want to send me to Tamna Island. How I... - feel... - Go back. I don't have the leisure to listen to you about your feelings. Is that... the only reason? If I were caught by the guards, are you afraid I might cause a problem for you? So you want to send me to Tamna Island? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I want to know... how you really feel. You're curious about my true feelings. I have no objection for one night of pleasure, but can you handle it talking about true feelings and all? Why? Were you expecting more from me? Did you think I... loved you? Even without your harsh words, I can understand your feelings. It was my first time. I was frustrated because I couldn't help you. Then I got disappointed in myself, for feeling like this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 These are medical herbs and roots. The only thing I can do for you... is this. Please accept it. Let's not cry. Let's not cry. Let's not cry. Aigoo... Aigoo... Father. Father. Father! Father! Father... Father, it hurts! Look! Come to your senses! Where is the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? Aigoo. Father. Father? Father, I will explain everything. The Eum Seok Gol Scholar got hurt because of me yesterday. Just awhile ago! The person you were with at Hwayang-Gak, is he the Eum Seok Gol Scholar? Father, how do you know...? The person who is looking for the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum and the person you've been working for, is that person, right? I won't meet him again. Honey! Pack our things! We will leave right now, so Dam you too start packing. Father. What are you doing standing there? Have you really gone crazy? Go where at this night? Father, I was wrong. The words of a father who can't make a living aren't worth listening to? Because I'm not a healthy husband, you think my words don't have any weight as well, don't you? Father, please... Aigoo. What is it? Ah, that is... He wants to go back. We send out the search party and searched thoroughly, but there is not even a trace. Kim Sung Yeol saw you? Believing that his dead lover had come back to life, his heart must have burst. Since I lured him to my house, so by now, he probably knows that I am the Prime Minister's daughter. He may know in his head, but it won't be easily accepted with his heart. Even when I look at it... you look really alike. His lover who gave up her life for him... cannot be easily forgotten. I trust you'll keep the promise you've made to me. Alright. I should, of course. Soon the seat for the wife of the Crown Prince will be yours. Next time I see him, I will take him to where he used live. I don't know the whereabouts of the Crown Prince's memorandum you are looking for. However, I am holding another piece of evidence. It's an appointing letter. The person who made me falsely testify that Crown Prince Sadong committed treason 10 years ago was the Minister at the Hongmoonkwan. Are you talking about Sir No Chang Sun? [10 YEARS AGO] This is written in his own handwriting, stating my appointment to be a translator in the Qing's affairs, so it should be helpful. This is indeed my grandfather's handwriting. We will have an uprising in two days, so prepare for it. Yes, Your Highness. Let me live for just a few days, My Lord. Because of me, he was accused of being a sinner. I want to relieve Crown Prince Sadong of his unfair accusation. Then allow me to die. Please. Let me pay back even a bit of the debt I have to Crown Prince Sadong. Assure me one thing. Until I personally appear in front of the Crown Prince, don't tell him about my identity. Can you do that? - Hurry up and burn them! - Yes Sir. No way... could that be a vampire's doing?! The bodies! The bodies! We must arrive at Hwasung by tomorrow night. I will make sure it goes without a hitch. I am a son of the deceased Crown Prince Sadong. This country's Crown Prince... the Lustful Student. From now on, I will confront the vampire, Gwi, that lives in the kingdom. How could this corpse be the only one left? I will wake this Royal Concubine when the Crown Prince is revealing himself as the Lustful Student. If that happens, then no one can think of Crown Prince's words as a lie. If she drinks my blood, she will come back to life soon. The people will see her transformed image including her turning into ash from the burn by the sunlight. Although Gwi might be able to, he won't be able to personally interfere. After that, I will tell the Crown Prince. That I have the same will as he does. You will have to block it. They have already started to find out about your identity. Since a corpse even appeared, if you leave it alone, this situation may not be controlled later. A dead person cannot talk. Anyone who is going around spouting nonsense about me, I can just kill them. Including the King and the Crown Prince that you really hate. Catch this man. Then I will... let you sit at the throne. Did you say the throne? Kim Sung Yeol, you really want to see the end, don't you? As Gwi said, it is certain that the man who is responsible for this is impressive. Because of him, the Lustful Student's words are being revealed to be true. The casualties will be great. You must find a remedy. This will only end if I bring the Lustful Student in front of Gwi. If you missed your mother, you should have come looking sooner. I thought you might return to the palace if I didn't come visit you. I just want to pray for Crown Prince Sadong's comfortable afterlife and your peaceful era. I will live the rest of my life here. Crown Prince, assure me on one thing. Tell me. Please don't let me out live my only son. Bodhisattvas Gong Hyun Joo! Lunch is ready. Yes, come in for a minute. I have someone to introduce you to. I didn't know you had a guest. He's not a guest, but my son. Please greet her, she's been my talking companion for the past year. She's someone who I am immensely grateful towards. Since you're doing something I should be doing, I am thankful. I should be greeting you. Due to your great care, the people at home are very grateful that I have returned home in such a healthy state. How great it would be to have such a modest and beautiful daughter? [NIGHT SCHOLAR] Are you thinking of the Scholar? I'm sorry. Because of me, you have to go all the way to Tamna Island. You won't be able to see the Scholar's face either. No. I'm thinking about starting to write the Night Scholar again. How? The Night Scholar's secret life. It will be called "The Night Scholar Supplemental Story." When the Night Scholar first met that woman, it was because he needed to retrieve a book. But from the first moment they met, he fell for the woman's scent. It started from there. Without rest, he follows the woman. That, too, was in a secret and lustful way. I found out everything about the woman. As his feelings for her become deeper, his desire for her begins to rage, too. Then the Night Scholar finally confesses. Because you're pretty. Where did he say you were pretty? Where? Eyes? Nose? Lips? I'm saying your heart is pretty. Ah, this is no fun. I should just write the Night Scholar well. It was fun, why? Tell me more! It's boring. It's a dream. If you wake up, you forget everything. It's boring. It's really, really boring. Must you even take care of the funeral of someone who's already dead at this time? Is... the person you loved Yang Sun's biological mother? Stop saying useless things. You are talking about it like it happened yesterday. It's was so long ago. My Lord, what am I supposed to do with this book right now? I really... can't handle this. [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] The Lustful Student's group is gathered in the market. The flyers will soon be spread. The shoes are cheap! The shoes are cheap. They are here. What about the Royal Concubine's body? Under my butt. I kept it well. There is no way it would stand up, right? Don't worry. Without my blood it is just a corpse. I will go meet the Crown Prince. We will look over the situation from here. Be safe and come back. Leather shoes. Where are the leather shoes? I... think I need to stop by our home for a bit. I left something there. You should just stay put after causing a ruckus last night. It's not like you have anything valuable there. Don't even think about it. Ah, Mother, about that... I received it as a gift- Even if we leave you here? Hurry up and take care of your luggage! You really are making me sick. Lead the way. Let's go together. I'm sorry. I will be back. Your Highness, the flyers will be spread at 1 pm. I will ask one more time for the last time. Can't I come out as the Lustful Student? To you... you- I, too, am afraid of death. However, just like Crown Prince Sadong... just like what my father did, this is my business which no one can substitute. Bring the one handed man about that time. He is an important witness to support our cause. Who is it? As the flyers are being spread at the market today, the Royal Concubine's body that Gwi had killed will wake up. If that happens, the citizens will know that what you are saying is true. I asked you, who are you? Someone who has the same will as you do. Were you the one who hid the flyers and are you the one who rescued the Sungkyunkwan students and professors? Yes. The one who took care of the families of the dead booksellers and let them know of Gwi's existence, was that also your doing? Yes. What is your reason? Your reason for helping me. I am also searching for Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum in order to kill Gwi. How do you know Gwi's identity? What is your identity? Stop. If you trust me, then I will reveal everything to you. No... knowing your identity comes first. Trust will come afterwards. His Royal Majesty enters! What is happening? Something that makes me very happy happened today, so I've come here to let you know. Finally, we are able to capture the Lustful Student and his followers. He is none other than- - Hurry and go. - Okay. I found it, Father. Let's go now. Why are you going to carry it around? Just wear them. Should I? I should. Hold on a minute. How are they? Do they suit me well? Of course, you look like a different person! If I make a lot of money in Tamna Island, I will definitely buy you leather shoes, Father. - Ahjussi! - Look here! Snap out of it! The Lustful Student who acts as a bookseller, is Jo Yang Sun. I will credit all this to the Crown Prince. So announce that the Crown Prince had arrested the Lustful Student. Yes, Your Majesty. Look here! Snap out of it! Look here! To the Crown Prince... What are you talking about? Hyungnim, to the end... I tried not to drag you into this... Ahjussi, snap out of it. Ahjussi! I leave this to you. To reveal Crown Prince Sadong's unfair conviction- - Look here! - Ahjussi! Look here. To the Crown Prince, the Lustful Student... Let him know everything. This is the Lustful Student group. Hurry and arrest them! Yes, sir! This man is the Lustful Student! Search through their house... Tie them up! Yes, sir! Father! Jo, the bookseller, is the Lustful Student? What is going on? I know, right. Is that why he's been going around saying stuff about some Night Scholar and vampires and whatnot? It's the Night Scholar. Where is Yang Sun? She said she left something at home. Is that the person your father made a fuss about? All of those people have found out. They only arrested the Lustful Student's group as though they'd been waiting for them. Fortunately, the Royal Concubine's corpse is not caught. She's been moved to Hwayang-Gak. Yang Sun has been captured as the Lustful Student. Go straight to the port and get a boat heading to Tama Island. I will get Yang Sun and her father then join you to at the port. Hurry. Yes, My Lord. The King has ordered you to stay at your quarters for a while. Call the Hongmoonkwan professor, No Hak Young. He has been arrested for being associated with the Lustful Student. Uh, Sir! Aigoo. You can't! You can't! Aigoo, what is this? Shut up! Father! Are you okay? No... what do you mean the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student? But... I'm the Lustful Student now? What is all of this? This is all fabricated. Listen to me carefully. You can never tell anyone that the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student. We must not know anything until the end. What if we take the blame for everything? The minute we say the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student, you and I will die! There will be a way out of this. I will find it. Scholar! I've prepared a boat, so hurry and go. Save me! Is nobody there? You cannot do this to my child. You can't do this to Yang Sun! Save us, please! Save me! Father, why are you like this? My Lord! Come here, please! You know me? My father was Crown Prince Sadong's personal book keeper. I don't know the reason... but he tells me to keep my distance from you. Save me! Is nobody there? Do you know about Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? Save me! Father! Take care of the King! Save me! Father. First, calm down. Please! It's better if you just kill me. Father, let's board the boat first. I'd rather you kill me. - What's wrong? - Save me. - I asked what happened! - Save me, My Lord! Save me, My Lord! Father! Please save me, My Lord! My Yang Sun has not committed any sins! No way. It has already been confirmed. Your husband and Yang Sun have been arrested. She doesn't have any sins though. The evidence to make Yang Sun as the Lustful Student were hidden everywhere at your house. Your husband will probably be convicted for committing treason and be executed. - Mother. - Let's go. Let's go... and tell them that your sister and father are not people who would do that. There is a way to save them. Have you seen Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? We packed a lot of books. Can you draw what you saw? Please give me a piece of paper and a brush. Is what's written here what you are looking for? Crown Prince Junghyun I know where it is. If I give you that book, will you be able to save them? Take it all, and please... save my husband and child! Please save them, My Lord! I saw it clearly that was wrapped in gold cloth. We have a problem, My Lord. The people who've been arrested are no where to be found. Tell me once again. You cannot tell me where the Lustful Student is? Yes. Why are saying such an absurd thing. If you caught the Lustful Student, the first thing you should do is bring him to Gwi. You being so smart should have arrested the Lustful Student before the Crown Prince did. Don't you think so? It seems that person has come here. The vampire you were talking about. Fortunately nothing happened. What are you going to do if that person appears again and pulls the Lustful Student out? So, I hid them in a place where no one knows about. That place can never be found even by a vampire, so don't worry about it. If they don't confess, then what are you going to do? After two days, I will turn them over to you. If Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum is within their hands, you can find it. Everything you've said is correct but why is it that I am not moved by it? It's probably because I cannot trust you. I will bet the Crown Prince's life. The Crown Prince is at the palace in his quarters. So if I do something that is not trustworthy, then kill the Crown Prince. You are putting your precious Crown Prince down as collateral? Still you should see with your own eyes, if the owner of the bag is the Lustful Student. Keep in mind. The time you have to save the Crown Prince is merely two days. They are not in the palace anywhere. You've already looked throughout most of the possible places within the city. Even the military guards' station doesn't seems to know where they are either. They must have hidden them in a place where no one can find them. Thanks to that meticulous king, the Crown Prince was probably able to act as the Lustful Student. Are you saying he helped his grandson who was mocking him and trying to drag him off of the throne? Why? If he gets rid of the Crown Prince, is he planning on confronting Gwi? If that was his intention, he wouldn't have blocked today's incident. I am sure of one thing. To protect the Crown Prince, he will make Yang Sun... the Lustful Student. Say something, Father. Why were you like that earlier? Do you know the Scholar? Father, why are you like this, really! The Scholar came to rescue us- Save a person? Not even true! Do you know who that person has killed? That person catches humans and eats- What are you talking about? What do you mean he kills people? Say the truth! There's solid proof that was found from your house. You're saying that you're not the Lustful Student?! I'm being framed. To make a living, even if I did go around selling the Lustful Student's books illegally, I never wrote those books. Then... how are you going to explain this? - That- - That! I merely had been requested to send it. Spare us, My Lord! He really doesn't know anything! Until you confess the truth... Start with the beatings! I have hidden the sinners in a place that no one knows about. Even a vampire will never be able to find them. So rest assured. My Lord! I told you you cannot, why do you keep... It's fine. My Lord. If I tell you where that book is... you'll be able to save my husband and child, right? Yes. So? I remember that book. He had gone to the temple the day before yesterday, and he was carrying a sack with a book in it. Civil worker Seo Jung Do? What's wrong? Seo Jung Do... He was a man bitten by Gwi 10 years ago for helping Crown Prince Sadong. Then why did Yang Sun's father set up the funeral? Father. Listen up, traitors. Reveal Jo Yang Sun as the Lustful Student. And if you confess your sins, we will spare you of your lives. But once the King himself starts to interrogate tomorrow, by then, you will not be able to escape the death punishment even if you confess. I am not the Lustful Student! I am... Punish them until they confess! Yes! Stop! The people sitting here... are not... the people that should be beaten to death. Those blinded by power and wealth... The ones who gave the lives of the citizens to a vampire... are the King and the politician in charge. The one who gave my father to the vampire... Grandfather, you, should be sitting in this spot. I guess the torture is still a bit bearable. Take their clothes off and burn their bodies. Until they confess, do not stop! Yes, sir! You can't! I'm... I'm... Stop! You can't do this to my child. I am the Lustful Student! What are you doing? Hurry along and proceed with it! Yes. Stop! A woman! My child is a woman. Please spare her, My Lord! That child is not the Lustful Student. I am the Lustful Student. Shut up. If you say one more word, I'll lock you in a well like I did to your Father. And... you'll serve me to that vampire. Just like what you did to my father! I may have lost your father, but I have protected you. I protected the safety of the royal family and the nation. But what can you protect right now? If it weren't for me, when you held hands with the Sorons a year back, when you made the book claiming you were the Lustful Student, when the flyers were spread, you would have already been killed by Gwi. Even when you knew everything... why did you only watch? Exactly what you were fighting for... I gave you an opportunity to know whether or not you have the ability to fight. As expected, just like your father, fallen in some silly ambitions, caused the death of your followers. He is a woman? She is prudent. Even if she's not the Lustful Student, she'll be punished for breaking the laws. I cannot leave Yang Sun like this. After the King interrogates her himself tomorrow, Yang Sun and the Lustful Student's followers will all be executed I know. So... with her life on the line, I will make a deal with her father. ♪ I want to become the rain and fall down by your side ♪ ♪ As much as my heart won't stop ♪ ♪ The more you fill me, the more I'll break down ♪ ♪ But I can't help but love you again ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 