The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Have you ever heard of this story? I am talking about the horrifying legendary story that is passed down generations among the palace ladies every night that the full moon rises... once the Majesty's sleeping schedule is decided. That man will certainly appear. The king has entered. The one who covets the King's women. Making sure there is pain when they die... The man who possesses fatal beauty. The one who drinks living people's blood. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The vampire. Episode 1 What do you think of my third novel? "The Vampire Who Covets the King's Women." Don't you think this novel will be better than the Qing Dynasty's "Frozen Corpse Story"? Don't you think this novel will be better than the Qing Dynasty's "Frozen Corpse Story"? Do you want an honest answer? No, I want something sweet and beneficial. Look here. Don't you think you are wasting your writing skills just to record history? I got great things from my day-off today. I got Neo-Confucianism Scholar Mr. Park Se Dam's book and... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ah! I heard you're going to participate in a writing competition this time. Why don't you talk about Sa-Myeon-Rok as your topic, and... Forget it. I know you are doing all the administration's work. Vampires... I heard the westerners call them vampires. Of course, I thought you'd know about it, given your western knowledge. Okay, what do you think? It will be an unprecedented love story between a king and a vampire. As expected, this novel again won't be wasted to your pen name, Lustful Student, and will be thrown away. Thrown... Thrown... Turn to your left. Only two were discovered... There are many bookstores trying to get exclusive rights to the new release written by Lustful Student. It isn't just one or two. Well, there is a rumor that many people started to learn Korean characters so... Lustful Student is being compared with King Sejong's (WHO INVENTED KOREAN CHARACTERS) performance. (WHO INVENTED KOREAN CHARACTERS) Anyways, I have to leave now because I have to go to the palace to report about my day-off before Prime Puesto's meeting. I'll take my leave. You rascal type of person! But... So are you saying you won't do the book review? Let's make a bet. The one who gets there first will have his wish granted. That's right, I will never- Stop! Put your sword away. They are officers. Captain, answer me. Were you following me? The King ordered us to follow you. Hurry and get back to the palace, Crown Prince. The King has been calling for you while you have been out in disguise for these three days. Is that why you had the armed soldiers follow Crown Prince? We were merely following the King's command. But why do you not have any bodyguards, when you are protecting the Crown Prince? You already know that his skills are better than a group of bodyguards, Chief Eunuch. - Prince. - That's enough. You could let me have this one. I never beat you in more than a decade. I will savor this favor and use it well later. I am thinking about making my fourth piece a romance novel. Written by Lustful Student... I wonder how it will turn out. Right... It is obscene. Spending their first night together before marriage, a very obscene scholar of Hongmungwan. (THE EDUCATION INSTITUTION DURING THE JOSEON DYNASTY) It was a rainy night of last the day of Buddha's coming... There was a man and woman who came down from the mountain. What do you think their reunion would be like after 6 years of separation and finally getting permission to marry? How many times do I have to tell you? We were only escaping from the heavy rain... - Really, nothing hap- - Nothing could have happened, of course. The man who never has taken the hand of his lover since he was 9 till 24 was... not being able to hold in his lustful desires, so... The man! Alright, I got it. I'll write a book review for you. It is my honor! I'm thankful. But, Your Highness... Alright, I understand everything. It must be a difficult time for patience on the first day of the age 24. Do you know the reason why the King wants to see you? He is probably mad because of his son's birthday party. I told him that I don't want a party again, so I made him upset. Hurry and go meet Maiden Myung Hee. The past four days must have felt like three years. How could I face my ancestors? How could a girl I raised as my daughter become my daughter-in-law? Myung Hee. Yes. You have to take after your mother. She will relax with a cup of chrysanthemum tea. Yes, Father. It's hot, Mother. Endure it. I rejected you as my daughter-in-law, but you are still my daughter. I was at fault, Mother. I will miss you. Here. It's done. Your will be wed in 15 days, Myung Hee. Father, I came! Alright, you did good today. I came, Mother. It's late, so go and rest. Yes. You, too. Myung Hee, go tell Jowchun to take care the wild cats jumping over the walls every night at the separate quarters. If she goes there, she'll be captured. Leave it here. I can... I can drop it off on my way. Jowchun will be here soon to take care of the wild cats. If you were worried about it, then before I get kicked out, I can go to your room. The cat has a bad habit, so I cannot allow it in my room that easily. What habit? How bad is it? Here. Did it hug you like this? Brother! Did he kiss you? He did something worse... He sneaks into an unmarried woman's room every night. He sneaks in, and then what? Mother gave me the order, so I had to accept it. I will go and rest now. Myung Hee! Myung Hee! Bring down your voice! You'll wake up everyone. Don't worry. It's been awhile since this wild cat came to visit the separate quarters. I will cry at my loudest. I love you. I love you, Myung Hee. I have no strength to endure it any longer. It's your choice to make. You are the next king. If you get on his nerves... Who are you?! Run away before it's too late. What are you? Just go. Let's start. Yes, Prince. It's your choice to make. You are the next king. You... If you get on his nerves... Your Highness! Go away. This is not where you should be. I will use the favor that I won from our bet right now. Now will you please tell me? Why did you search for books related to vampires for the past three months? And around the same time, how did the royal concubines get killed? And why you don't even announce their deaths and burn their bodies in hurry? The books were for writing my novel and the royal concubines' deaths are due to the epidemic disease... There were bite marks on their necks. There was no stain of blood. You are getting married in three days. I will then... Please... tell me. I am asking you a favor as your friend of 15 years. That's why... that's why I cannot take your request. Why did you write this book? Are... there really vampires living in this kingdom? He's too fast. I couldn't fight against him. It isn't a person. Who are you? Let's go. You fool! Your guards will be here soon. I'll give you some time, so please, run away. For me, drop the sword. I gave them a chance to live, but they carelessly attacked me with swords. Their foolishness resembled the King they were serving. I think my next feed will be the Crown Prince. I let him know about my identity more than three month ago, but he hasn't come to see me yet, which means he has no plans to serve me. I have no other choice. The Crown Prince only needs time to accept you. Please don't get upset. Two hundred years ago! When a country called Goryeo was about to fall, your ancestor came to see me. If he had my power, he could establish a country and become a king. Then after that, the next generation, and the generation after that... He will make sure that they will serve me forever. So I killed everybody that was against your ancestor... and established this country. That's what I did. The one who live in the palace and reign over the king are the ones who drink the blood of the living. The vampires. Then those royal concubines, too. Done by Gwi. Before a new king is decided, he takes the king's women to get their promise. In front of the king. What is your identity? You're right. I'm what you think I am. I'm also like him. A vampire. I am a guardian vampire. And I only exist to punish vampires who break the rules. But you just sat back and watched him? As the human called for the vampire, chasing out the vampire also requires human will. The king who is blinded by the throne and has decided to be a servant to the vampire, there was nothing for me to help with. Stop it. To help us, he kept a secret plan to get rid of the vampire for 200 years. Troubled times will create heroes. You have a courageous and smart person by you. Based on his actions, I assume we don't have much time. Where is the secret plan? Do you know what the secret plan is? After two days, it will be a total eclipse of the moon when the sun cuts off its power. On that day, the power of the vampire will be weaker. I will prepare a secret plan by then, so come to me on that day. Do you not regret asking to know? To become a king, I have to obey the vampire. So I can't become a king. How can a king who serves a vampire make a world for humans? How can I tell my son that I have served the vampire, so you do it, too? I can't face you. I did not want to share my burden before your marriage. "Sung Yeol, I want to make a world ruled by the power of the people. If you don't want to do it with me..." That was what you said to me when I was nine years old. Not for the scholar, not for the wealth, nor for the fame. Your words saying that you want to make a world ruled by the power of the people haven't left my mind. I was just happy reading and gaining knowledge. It was the moment of reason for me to expand my horizon and gain more knowledge to understand this world. The vampire... I wrote down the secret plan in my notes in detail. If anything happens to me, my notes will be delivered to you. Instead of me, you have to- That will never happen. I'll risk my life. I will definitely protect you. How can a weak and old vampire like you be a guardian vampire? So, about the secret plan to get rid of me... Teacher? It's been a long time. I definitely... I definitely killed you two hundred years ago! Leave with me. It seems this place isn't where you should be. No. I will live in the humans' world as the ruler above them. Because it is much more fun, than living as your disciple, killing vampires. Humans aren't as weak as you think they are. You will die from the the humans' will power. How do you think you'll die, Teacher? With this sunsa wood dagger, you must've killed numerous vampires. And you will be one of them. You barely saved your life. You should have preserved it more carefully. Foolish. I told you, you look ugly when you make this face. Brother! What if Jowchun finds out that a wild cat is in you room? Your expression looks dark. I couldn't sleep at all because I wanted to see your face. I love you, Myung Hee. Love you. It's nothing much, right? There is something I have to help the Crown Prince with. I'm worried if I can do it well. Brother, you should believe in yourself. I haven't seen a thing that you could not do. Even marrying me. Now that I hear your words, it must be true. You are a superb scholar and a loyal subject, and my husband. You will surely achieve it. Lee Bang Ho, Seo Yang Hee, Jung Choon Soo. Do these people have anything to do with the secret plan to get rid of me? You won't get any information from me. Then I can just get rid of it all. The papers in here... and you, too. You will go and capture the Crown Prince immediately. I will carry out your order. Close the Crown Prince's quarters and arrest these people right away. We are closing the Crown Prince's quarters as of now. Half of the troops stay here and guard. The rest of you are going to arrest traitor Kim Sung Yeol. Yes, sir! Your Highness, until I find the secret plan, just a little more, endure a little more. Excuse me, what happened here?! Come closer. Come even closer. I can only do up to here. I'm not sure if my abilities transferred to you, but... What-what did you do?! Acquire my strength. You will become the only vampire who can compete against Gwi. Keep this in mind. Never, ever take off that black robe. Orabeoni! Orabeoni! (VERY POLITE, RESPECTFUL VERSION OF OPPA) My black robe will... from the light... from Gwi... will free you. What day is it today? It is the 16th day! It's been three days. Three days have passed. Who would believe that the Crown Prince had committed treason? The Prince has committed treason. Sinner Lee Hwi Your Highness! High treason Prince! How can things happen this way? How could such a noble Sungkyunkwan Scholar commit treason? Aigoo! Father! Father! Ah! Father! Your Highness! You'll end up burning your skin trying to break the sunsa wood. Judging by your injury, it seems you've been bitten. Why haven't you drank blood yet? But one should die if blood is not consumed within a half day. How are you alive? Who are you? Your Highness! Your Highness! How is it? As if your body was on flames, you are longing for his blood. So it's you. I won't let you get away with this. With my own hands... I will kill you by cutting you up piece by piece. I'm getting angry. You're rejecting blood. Making you like this... Was it Hae Seo who did it? Remove those hands! I really like you. Rather than keeping these weak humans and teaching them, I guess you'd be better. Be my student. Then I will give this nation to you. You can be the king, and forever reign this nation. This country, the people, the King... Do you really think they are below your feet? You can't even stand under the sun. With living human's blood, you are continuing your monstrous life. People who needed your treacherous power probably did it that way. They probably pretended to be afraid. However, they were waiting for an opportunity to get rid of you. Nothing existing in this world can get rid of me because I got rid of all of them myself. The crown that you would risk your life for to protect... Just because Prince Junghyun is dead doesn't mean that everything is over. You will disappear from this world some time. We, humans, will definitely make it that way. Stop. Stop it! Orabeoni... Orabeoni! Myung Hee! Myung Hee! How is it? Seeing your lover change into a vampire. Myung Hee! Myung Hee! Myung Hee! Orabeoni! If you do not drink this girl's blood now, you will die. She seems to be afraid of you. I guess there's no way she would lay down her life to change you when you've changed into a vampire. Because humans are weak. Myung Hee! Myung Hee. Orabeoni... Orabeoni, this is not... your fault. Myung Hee! Myung Hee! Myung Hee! Hurry! Hurry and take my blood. No. Please, live well. Survive... Please, fulfill your ambitions. Love... I love you. Why is it that you haven't once told me that you love me? Because words don't fully support the heart. Love... I love you 120 years later Move, please! Hello! Hello. Hello! - Hello! - Wait a second. Hello! Make way, please! Oh! - Hyungnim! - Aigoo! - Have you all eaten? - Yes. - Be careful as you walk around! - Okay! Move, please! Make way, please! Hey, you over there! Where are you running along to? Hyungnim, I have finally reached communication with Scholar Eum Seok Gol. If I get lucky enough, he will be my regular customer! You have worked hard for it. Yang Sun, you got full of luck. I heard that that noble was only into pub house ladies. I know, right? Since he is a sunbae that renders books so endearingly, his writing must also be of the highest regards. Why this selfish fool! Are you planning on selling all the books in JOSEON? Hey, hey. Hey! Let's survive together! Let's have some fun today. Let's go this way! Where is that thing you were talking about? Excuse me, Sunbaenim. A little bit more. Lift your skirt so that I can see your calves. No. How about this much? Do you really plan on burning my patience? I guess it wasn't just books that he looked so preciously upon... I'll just have to... take you in my arms. Why are you like this? Sunbaenim, it's bookseller Jo Yang Sun. Sunbaenim! I've never called a bookseller, though. Go away. You've got the wrong person. You're looking for the room at the end of this corridor. Oh, that's right, huh? Ah, I tensed for no reason. I knew Scholar Eum Seok Gol wouldn't be one to entertain with such a scandalous hobby. I apologize. What's that? This thing hurt his leg, and I was requested to fix it, so... I dabbled in some medical books, so most generally seek me rather than a doctor for minor injuries because it doesn't cost money. Well... that's-something you should just leave at home... It was said to be an emergency, so I didn't have the chance as I was scrambling over here. But, Sunbaenim... I heard that Scholar Eum Seok Gol has many bookshelves at the palace. Is that true? I've heard that just in the 3 months he had been in Hanyang, he's bought more than hundreds of books... Enter. You said you can get any book, correct? That's right. Educational books, antique books, and erotic books. Can you find the record books of the Crown Prince Junghyun? Record books of Crown Prince Junghyun? That's the first time I've heard of it. Is he a JOSEON Crown Prince? This guy! I caught it. He has more beauty than a woman. This guy seems to like you more than he likes me, seeing how he left me and ran into your embrace. The Scholar Who Walks The Night. How do I word this... In everything he says, there's a sense of deepness to it. A scent that I cannot resist has appeared. I can't let him enjoy this good quality food by himself. I'm Yun. Lee Yun. Find 'Obscene Student'. He must know Crown Prince Junghyun. Will you be able to cope with the aftermath when you open the door? Please help me, Sunbaenim. What do you think I would request of you that you ask of such a thing? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 