The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Episode 5 Don't ever look for me again. Bad scholar. Bad man. Bad Scholar. Bad man. Aigoo, look at this! What does it mean a vampire lives in the palace? Aigoo... It disappeared! It disappeared! Aigoo, what is happening here? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Before the death of my father, he gave me this book and talked about Gwi. It was unbelievable. The King of this country was serving the vampire. Don't worry. I already found the secret plan to get rid of him. Father. Yoon, if perhaps something happens to me, find Sir Seo Jeongdo and check Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Keep that in mind, Yoon. Other than my teacher, you cannot trust anyone else. And three days later, my father was killed for treason. I had to confirm it with my own eyes. My father's death. Father! Father! He had the same appearance of corpses from the vampire attacks I had seen. Father! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 His teacher and your father as well. Father! If you defy him again, then Your Majesty and our Norons won't be able to survive it. You should stop. He even sacrificed his son to keep his throne. That won't happen. We will first have to find Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum that the new crown prince has stolen. The Chief Eunuch went to see Sir Seo Jong Do right away, but... the memorandum was nowhere to be found. Seeing that Sir Choi Chul Choong is searching so hard for the Lustful Student, it's certain that Gwi is also searching for the memorandum. Choi Do Gab might know the whereabouts of the memorandum. If not... Jin who disappeared might be holding it. Your Highness, Kim was killed by a guard's arrow and Choi Gab went missing. He was indeed a guard for the Lustful Student. By any chance, is he a slave? What is Uise? It is Crown Prince Sadong's pen name. He was probably a bodyguard for the Crown Prince. The Crown Prince's people were all killed ten years ago. Find out about the Crown Prince Sadong's bodyguards whether they are dead or alive. If we find the surviving slave documents, then we might be able to find a trace of the Lustful Student. Did you look around that one handed man? He lives in isolation. So outside of a few booksellers, most of his visitors are from Qing. Put more people on him and get more information about him. Yes, sir. Now that the flyers are out, Gwi will use all means and ways to find the Lustful Student. We don't have time. I have to find it first. You can report to my people of your progress. You don't have to personally come find me anymore. Don't look for me again? If you were going to be like that then why do it for me? The flyer! Where did my flyer go? Don't ever look for me again. Bad scholar. Bad man. The flyer I had, disappeared too. Yours were confiscated by the guards but mine disappeared from the basement bookstore. Did the guards go there, too? If that had happened, how could Yang Sun be safe? The way our country is operating is getting more suspicious lately. Yesterday we had a fake Lustful Student and fake guards appeared. Then again, we had a flyer saying a vampire lives in the palace. When Yang Sun first talked about the Night Scholar, I wanted to say it was impossible. A hunter claimed to have seen the Night Scholar a few day ago. And even a man's body was found in Daebang-Gol as well. I'm wondering if there really are vampires. A vampire ruling above the King? Then the ruler of this country is a vampire. No, no way. Father! Hyungnim! Quit that job immediately! Even if I did not see Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum, I know how dangerous that book is! While I was working for the Crown Prince Sadong for seven years, I was looking for that book secretly. After that, the Crown Prince got killed like that. Anyone who had any relation to the book was captured. I, too... lived in hiding for several years. Then... you still have to live while hiding? No. The only people who know I was the bookseller of the Crown Prince are the deceased Crown Prince and Wae Son. Because you were trying to find that book, I was surprised. Without me knowing, I raised my hand at you. I'm sorry. I'm such a bad father who can't even do anything for you. You look more hurt than I do though. But... where did Wae Son Ahjussi go? He hasn't come home for five days already. Ah, there is... probably a shipment coming from the Qing. He normally disappears when that happens. Quit your job with Scholar Eum Seok Gol, alright? Just in case, if somehow it is revealed that I was the bookseller of the Crown Prince... our family will die! Listen to what I say. Alright? Alright. I put a lot of effort into preparing it for you. So please rest comfortably while staying. Alright. Have you been well all this time? All thanks to you. - Is that right? - The Defense Minister has aligned himself with Prime Minister Choi Chul Choong. He has quite a reputation from his days of being a mayor in Jeolla Province. He is still a loan shark to commoners and busy increasing his wealth. This is my small thank you gift for giving me your time. I heard you are a merchant from Qing. I guess it is true. I heard you are trying to avenge your family, [LIST OF SLAVES RELATED TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT] And looking for the list of slaves related to the local government. But the whole country is in chaos due to the Lustful Student now, you might get caught up in that- I thank you for your concern. I prepared a small departing gift for you. Making my small contribution to your great cause, is my family's honor. Of course, of course. A man should put his life on the line to achieve a goal of his cause. Don't hesitate to come see me if you have any problems. List of slaves related to the local government. It's 200 nyang. For the time being, as my personal bookseller, search for Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Quit your job with Scholar Eum Seok Gol, alright? Father told me that... so I can't do anything about it. Let's for now... I'll see you again! What is it? I have something to say to the Scholar. You can tell me. I heard that's what he told you to do. I couldn't finish what he asked me to do so I came back to return the money. Tell him that I'm sorry for not being able to help him. It's fine, you can keep the money. If I have to request any book from you from now on, I'll send word to you, Young Master. Still, I can't accept such a big amount of money early- So it's okay for my Master, but not for me? No way. I'm honestly not in the situation to be complaining. If I have to work to fill in the 200 nyang, I'm thinking we'll have to meet frequently. How is the atmosphere on the street? Even though you took all the flyers, vampire talk has spread across the citizens. Gwi will soon find out about the letters. I have to quickly find these people, and the Lustful Student. That way, I can protect the secret plan as well. Yang Sun came to say that she won't be able to work for you. For sure she needs money in a hurry, but I don't know what is going on with her. [WANTED] Let's go! I think that scholar really did tell the Crown Prince. Jang Oh Jung and most of his gang members were all taken to the station. We've been giving so much to the Defense Minister. I will block it no matter what, so just wait. Yes, Hyungnim. What is it, huh? What do you think it is? Why do you think it is? I obviously came to pay the debt. Hyungnim, what is he saying right now? I brought 200 nyang so hurry and bring the contract. What kind of nonsense?! Hey, Mak Son. This is a precious person who has heavy weight supporters like a grandson of the person who seats left of the King and the Crown Prince. You might get killed. What are you talking about? Even though all the flyers were taken away from the center of the market, talk about Gwi has exploded. The citizens should know, too. The King and the officials are serving a vampire. If that's the case, the people might step up and chase them away. Why is he here? Your question, I'll confirm it for you. A message came to inform us that the King will attend the evening lecture... I accepted it... Of course, my capable Hongmoonkwan professor will make me some time. Is that not true? I haven't seen you smile in a long time. Go ahead. Ah! Scholar! My! I scared my friend unintentionally. That's true... You surprised me many times today. It's the 200 nyang that you paid my debt with. How could they ride horses when there's so many people? Are you okay, Scholar? He... is a woman. Please take this. I will not receive it. You can't. How could I just receive this large amount of money- The shape of eyes outlined clearly and the pupils, dark and shiny, are signs of integrity. On top of that, with your nose so high, your pride is piercing the sky. You're not the type to listen to other people. Thanks to a certain scholar, I am supported by a grandson of a person who seats left of the King and the Crown Prince. So my pride is even more ramped. I don't know how I should repay this. Thank you, Scholar. If you are that thankful, then start with the change of title. Every time you speak, you say Scholar. I feel too much of a gap between us so I dislike it. Hyungnim sounds good. Now, call me that! Then I will receive that money. - How could I dare... to Scholar- - Hyungnim. - Still- - Hyung... nim! Hyungnim. Aigoo, that's it! You should speak comfortably from now on. By the way, won't you give the interest? Interest? Here are new arrivals! New shoes! Ah, look at the shoes! They are new arrivals. Are there smaller ones, too? About this size would be perfect. Ah, of course! Hold on a minute. The hat looks really good on you. I know. I have heard that from time-to-time because I have a good head-shape for hats. What is that scar on your face? This is the proof of my survival. I was almost going to die when I heard the rumor about the new book from the Lustful Student and went to get his book. The books were fake and so were the soldiers. They took us somewhere and said they saved us from the real soldiers or something. You must have been very shocked. Do you know where you were dragged to? Well... it was an old house which was not that far away from Jang Ba Wi. When I went back, it was all burned and vanished. Anyways, I think it was all fortunate for the Lustful Student and all of us that no one was harmed. I decided to think that way. It's a relief... Are you defending someone who is wanted for treason? No, that's not what I... Yes, that's it. At least in a bookseller's eyes, he made great performances that can be compared with other great men in history. How? Many people started learning Korean characters to read his book. Once those people learn Korean characters, they would read other books as well. Then they would learn many things through books. And finally, they will all think about a way to make a better world. The peoples' hope. That kind of world that that person talks about. That person did a great job. I agree but the poster that was spread last night had an unbelievable story. A vampire living in the palace... While you appreciate his work, why don't you trust him? I want to believe it... but since it's originally something hard to believe... I think I have to surprise my brother once again. What is all this about? I am having a tough life so I bring them with me for my safety. Stay here for a bit. Be careful. Arrest this guy and take him to Uigeombu. Yes, sir. I wasn't chasing after you! I was chasing that bookseller. Really! I will ask you again. Why did you assign a person to follow me? I apologize, Miss. Don't appear in front of me ever again. Is it fine now? Stop! I haven't heard an answer yet. That person hasn't done anything wrong. The person who ordered him to follow me is the wrongful person. Are you daring to argue what is right and wrong with me? How dare you... do that? Then I will also ask you something. - How could a girl- - I ordered it. I will tell her, so you may go back now. I was the one who ordered for him to follow you. For what reason? The man called Wae Son has been missing for more than five days and... That's... You seem to know why that person said he doesn't know anything about Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. You seem to be hiding it from me. Moreover, you told me that you couldn't do your job today. So it's not a surprise that you look suspicious to me. So, I put someone to follow you. Because I wanted to know what you knew. Don't make a commotion and leave. I wanted to find it for you. I was going to find it for you... but after receiving 200 nyang I didn't do anything. It's right that you wouldn't believe me. But however much I think about it, I think it's right to give back the money. I put it in here... Earlier I went to pay back a debt- You left it with me, friend. How does the Crown Prince know this child? Here you go. Pay what you have to pay back to him now and let's have a drink after. Thank you for everything. That scholar will also fall for Yang Sun eventually. What does that mean? When Yang Sun first came to see you before, the wrong room he went into was that scholar's room. Yang Sun was persuading the scholar to draw an obscene picture book. And I guess, the scholar finally agreed with Yang Sun to publish an obscene picture book. That scholar... from the first time I saw him, he gave off a strong vibe. He plugged his nose and ran out because he thought I smelled or something! Besides, whatever you ask, he doesn't answer. Whenever I ask him a yes or no question, he just stares at me like this... as if he is going to eat me. If it makes you feel bad, then- There's more! His walking speed is so fast! With his long legs he walks really big steps, whether someone follows him or not- How dare him. What should I do? Should I go up to him and grab his collar for you right now? No. I will ask my brother swordsmen to scare him tonight. Ah, you don't have to do that! No! I will right now! Don't be like that, Hyungnim. He saved my life three times. He's my life saver. It's not very pleasant when you wrap your arms around my waist and talk about another man. Do you feel better now? You are very naughty. Thanks to you, my feelings of being upset with him disappeared. You said you met him on the day you met me. How come so many things happened that you're even making me feel jealous? There you go again staring at me like that. Do I look that much like your friend? No. The more I see it, you don't resemble him. Jin is a man. Okay. Excuse me... two hundred years ago- You have to pay me back for sure. I will get it when I earn a lot of money by selling our obscene picture book. I will draw a masterpiece that will last forever in JOSEON. Let's hope it comes true! It is me who always survives at the end whenever I drink with other book sellers. At first, I reluctantly drank not to hear that I am not a real man who looked weak. But now, look at me. No matter how drunk I get, other people don't know that I'm drunk. I don't have any drinking habits nor do I stagger. What a drinker! Although I may be the only one who knows. I haven't seen any man who was able to beat me. It has been a long time since I met a man who can compete in a drinking battle with me. But I have to leave early today so unfortunately we have to postpone our battle for another day. I will also leave after this final drink. Take care on your way home. Hyungnim! I was bored so good to see you. You wouldn't know how sweet your scent is... How much effort I have to put in to protect you. You should take a look at this. There's a rumor that has spread about you. I went overboard. I went way overboard. I should stop here. Since when did you start going around as a man? It's hard for you, isn't it? Now I am even hearing things. Of course, it's hard for me. Even though I work so hard, there's nothing that get's better. It's hard for me... I have to help my Father recover, too... Our debts only keep getting higher... At this rate, I might want to give everything up. I might want to let go of everything. I'm really scared. I see him again... This must be another dream. This is a big problem. Everyday, I see you out of nowhere and hear your voice. Why does this happen? I'm really upset and sad... but I'm still worried about you. Why is my heart like this? Do I... like you? Did she return safely? Sir, about this afternoon... I was careless... It's fine. You don't have to do my job anymore, so you don't need to assign a person to follow that child. Find a place for her where Gwi can't reach and make sure she is taken care of. Master! This is murderous energy from the palace. Your Majesty! You should have killed me instead! How would I harm a King? Moreover, you have to capture the Lustful Student. How did the Lustful Student know of my identity and write this? I definitely have to find out. An important matter like this, you didn't even report to him... It was for protecting my seat. The throne that I even sacrificed my children to keep, do you think I'd give it up that easily because of that measly flyer? Trust isn't made with words. Hand over the investigation rights to the Senior immediately. Then if... the Crown Prince that you treasure so much catches the Lustful Student, the throne you even sacrificed your son to keep, I will think about what I am going to do with it. Gwi. He has started to attack the King's people. Until the King captures the Lustful Student, Gwi won't stop his murderous rampage. When did I come back? Why is this...? That's impossible. Then... these shoes... Look at this... he's even smiling in my dream. Can you walk? My dream is way better. You even buy me shoes like this. You even put it on for me yourself. You didn't get mad at me either. You don't try to find out either. We kissed, too. Like this. ♪ Through the thick darkness ♪ ♪ When the moonlight grows ♪ This is a dream... but my heart is fluttering. ♪ I'm shaking a lot. ♪ ♪ At the end of the road of destiny ♪ ♪ Even if tears fall ♪ ♪ My only heaven ♪ ♪ I'll wait for you ♪ ♪ When you pass by me ♪ ♪ Please make time stop ♪ ♪ Before the moon that shines on us ♪ ♪ Disappears ♪ ♪ Hold my hand ♪ Your heart is fluttering like mine. ♪ So we can fly through the night ♪ ♪ Like a butterfly ♪ - I don't think this is a dream. - ♪ that flies through your breath ♪ Everything feels too real. This is a dream. If you wake up, forget everything. ♪ With a spring-like scent ♪ ♪ Wake me up ♪ ♪ When you pass by me ♪ ♪ Please make time stop ♪ ♪ Like a butterfly ♪ ♪ That flies through your breath ♪ Kim Sung Yeol, what are you doing? What do you think you're desiring? Look at reality properly. You're... a mere vampire that humans reject. You can never be human. You can never face humans. That's exactly who you are. It seems like I've bloated as well. Your lips are strange. Right? They also look strange to you. What are these? Leather shoes. Right? They look like leather shoes to you too, right? That's right, they're leather shoes. They are. I found a different composite drawing while I was showing the one-handed composite drawing to the booksellers in Hwasang. I heard people were carrying this and searching for Crown Prince Sadong's bookseller Choi Do Gab. Excuse me, Scholar! Please keep it a secret that he knows of the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. There must be a reason he's hiding it. So you also knew that this man was Crown Prince Sadong's bookseller? After he testified Crown Prince Sadong had committed treason, there were different rumors saying he was dead. Or he went to Qing. Wae Son. It's definitely him. His whereabouts have been unknown for six days already. See if he was captured by the slave hunters. Yes, Master. Sleep, don't reject meals... I did not search for you to kill you. If you ever find the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum, come look for me at any time. No one can match your mugwort soup that I had with my father ten years ago at your place. There's proof here... There's no way it would be a dream. Let's ask. Did you meet me yesterday? Did you give me these leather shoes? And my lips... I'm going to ask if he kissed me? Look at him... Aigoo. If he came to see you, then why not see you. Anyway, he is disturbing. Uh, so chaotic! Hey! Look Jo! Bookseller! Let him be. Master! Jo Yang Sun, are you sick somewhere? We didn't even make eye contact. How could we... You asked for us to leave. If it's for Yang Sun's good, there's no reason for me to accept this. This is compensation, so please take it. The promise to pay for a family's place to stay and the cost for the medicine for the child, I trust you will keep it. Don't worry. Everything has already been prepared. I am sorry I didn't tell you earlier about the decision to move them to Tamna (JEJU) Island. I heard there is doctor who can fix the child's leg in Tamna Island. Good job. The further the distance, the safer for Yang Sun since Gwi already knows her scent. Have you found anything about the slaves who were the guards for Crown Prince Sadong? I heard they are serving in the military in Jeolla Province since five years ago. The Defense Minister is bringing the local government official tonight, so you can check with him then. I got it. Master! Master! What is with this ruckus? Something big happened! The guards are... The booksellers and even the purchasers. They're all being captured. They are taking all Hyungnims. You guys promised. Yes! Three years from now, when I come back, you guys have to know everything. Yes! Hyungnim, you're going to keep your promise, too. Right? You're going to come back to see us again? Of course! Even though you guys don't like it, I'll make sure to come back. The next time I see you, you'll be more grown. What are you doing over there?! Run! You must not get caught, okay? All day, what is all of this? Aigoo, my back. Most of the arrested people were set free. But all the booksellers were taken into the station. Why aren't there any guards on the posts? Are they going to kill us? Eh, there's no way they're going to kill us. What? Is this bag yours? No! It's not you. The person who has this sweet scent. Who will it be? The owner of this bag, is he here? Scholar Who Walks The Night I'll catch that person no matter what and eat him/her. So you're saying there is another person who is of the same identity as Gwi? I was thankful. It was only a short time, but I'll remember everything. You asked me to give it to you, so I did. Eat it, and quickly die. Don't be sick or hurt. Eat well. Sleep well. I will rip you to shreds. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 