The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The one who is living in the palace and reigning over the king, is a vampire who drinks human blood. Humans aren't as weak... as you think. He has been protecting the secret plan that would destroy Gwi for 200 years. I wrote the details of the secret plan in my diary. Then I will simply kill all of them. Take over my strength, then you will be the only vampire who can stand against Gwi. "Father and Son's Desire" by Lustful Student is a literary piece that tells the death of Crown Prince Sa Dong. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Making Crown Prince Sa Dong, who would be a good king to millions of people, into a traitor, was made up by the Norons (one of the political parties of JOSEON) and the King who were blinded by power. And a similar thing happened 120 years ago. Crown Prince Junghyun's pen name was Lustful Student and this man certainly knows about the Prince, or at least has the Prince's memorandum. Yang Sun left this two days ago. This book is the "Vampire Story" that Crown Prince Junghyun wrote to warn the people about the vampire living in the palace, Gwi, which was all burned up 120 years ago and not even a single piece of it was left. Episode 3 Scholar, who are you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are you a human? Vampire... Since you have chosen her as your prey, you would have followed her until you acquired her blood. That's... the nature of us, vampires. What will you do? You have the "Vampire Story" which was written by Crown Prince Junghyun 120 years ago. Who exactly are you? With that appetizing prey... I can't let him enjoy it alone. He is following the trail of blood. What is it? Have you finished the prey already? Kim Sung Yeol! For a little bit... please ensure it a little more. Argh! Daddy, Dam... I feel very suffocated. I can't breath. No, it can't be. My Dam... I can't die leaving my father. But... I think I'm about to die. That's right. It should be like this. If he got caught this easily, it wouldn't be worth waiting for these 120 years. Don't die. No matter what, I have to confirm how you were able to retrieve the book written by the Crown Prince. Please. Please! Why did you use the Chinese hawthorn knife? The wound won't heal easily... Change her clothes. Aigoo, what is all of this? Go outside before you see the blood and faint. I will do it. [FATHER AND SON'S DESIRE] Kim Sung Yeol, did you show yourself because of the Lustful Student? Does the Lustful Student really have Crown Prince Sadong's diary which he hid? Ten years ago. I'm thirsty. Give me water... Is anyone there? Drink. It's your last chance to survive. Tell me where Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum is. If you do, I will spare you. I won't beg for my life to a monster. When I killed Crown Prince Junghyun, I destroyed the secret plan from the memorandum. So I know that the secret plan to kill me does not exist in this world. No... it does exist. I found the secret plan. But you... will never be able to find the secret plan. Even if you kill me. Did Crown Prince Sadong really find the secret plan? I don't know. Finding the diary is the only way to check it. Gwi took Yang Sun's canteen so it will be too easy for him to find you by tracing her scent. Then we'll have to start by getting rid of this child. No. Before I confirm whether or not and how Jo Yang Sun was able to retrieve the book written by Crown Prince Junghyun, she must not get hurt, and she must not die either. Two hours have already passed. Yang Sun will not be coming. Let's wait a bit more. Do you think the best obscene picture book will be made that easily? Do you still think that child is Jin? Whether they resemble each other or not, there's no way he's Jin. I know that, too. But among the men whom I have met until now, there was no one who was this close to being Jin that I was certain of. If you have woken up, come here. You were sick for the entire night. How is your health? I can still feel pain but I think I look just fine. The person who rescued me last night was you, wasn't it? You also saw that woman, right? Woman? I only saw you, fainted and soaked by the rain. What is this? Was it really a dream? But... how come I imagined that? I brought you here because you would have been harmed by wild animals if I left you there. But why did you go to the mountain that late at night? I was on my way to meet you. I was going to ask you why you were looking for the Lustful Student. I read the posters that were spread all over the street. Since the Lustful Student wrote to defend Crown Prince Sadong, everyone would be looking to arrest him. But... I don't want to join them. I am supporting my family by selling his books. How can I do something that is harmful to him? I can't do it. You have the ability to find it, but you won't do it? That's not what I meant- Then, why did you bring his book to me? I am talking about the "Vampire Story". The Lustful Student who wrote the "Vampire Story" is not the lustful student who wrote "Father and Son's Desire". They have the same title and pen name but have very different sentences and the "Vampire Story" is an old book which was written more than 100 years ago. I can't find the Lustful Student... but I have to pay you back for saving my life so I will give you my most treasured book. It is the only one in the world. Alright. I am not a government official. I don't even have an interest in politics. Just... through the book that the Lustful Student wrote... I was looking for the trace of my old friend. Then... Will you tell me how you found the book about vampires? Of course! I'm normally really interested in stories about vampires. I know a person who's like a relative and he had the book in his bookstore. I bought it last year. Tell one of my people the location of the bookstore. Are you trying to find Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I already asked them for that favor. But since he's secretly selling books, he doesn't give books to people he doesn't know. I'll escort you myself. We're going to leave as soon as the day gets brighter, so make sure you get some rest. What do you think of my third novel? As expected, this novel won't be wasted by your pen name, Lustful Student, again and will be thrown away. [FATHER AND SON'S DESIRE] Your Majesty, this is treason. As we look at the posters that the Lustful Student and his group have spread, it is obvious that they are the conspirators who defend Crown Prince Sadong who was killed for committing treason. Please order to arrest him as soon as possible and... And are you going to ask me to dethrone Crown Prince Lee Yoon who is the son of Sadong? Your Majesty... I am sorry to say this but the son of a conspirator... gaining secession to the crown will result in a massacre at the palace. Do you dare to stand against me? - But-! - I don't want to listen! You are all idiots. I have been planning to build a new palace for five years now but it is far from completion. But you keep saying "no" and "you can't" all the time and talking about dethroning the Crown Prince. And can you say that you are the courtier of mine? Your Majesty, I am sorry to say this but to build this new palace, we have already spent a lot of our budget. Then, you (VICE PREMIER) can take action to turn their corrupted storage over. If I can't finish the construction of the new palace, I will kill all of you first. Listen, the head of Sungkyungkwan; starting from today, start the construction of the palace. I'll also be watching over the progress, so make sure to be active and lively. Yes, I will do as you command, Your Majesty. His Majesty's prudent behavior is beyond acceptable. My suggestion to arrest Lustful Student, is coming from you as he knows very well. That so called king has no interest in people's safety. He is only interested in completing the construction and to seating his bloodline on the throne. Just 10 years ago, he was deemed as a "Sage King." How did that happen? His sadness over losing his son must have been tremendous. His death was justified. How dare he betray him and steal Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I know you said you got rid of the secret plan. What the Crown Prince did with the memorandum... is mysterious. If I find this man, I might be able to meet Kim Sung Yeol. Since Kim Sung Yeol is appearing this way, how about if we spread his composite drawing... Leave it. In any case, I found out what Kim Sung Yeol goes around doing. We will definitely meet again. What happened to going to Hwaseong? There is a person who claims to have seen the son of the dead owner of the wallpaper store in Pyongyang Fortress. So send some people there. There maybe an eyewitness for Lustful Student. Oh! If the bookstore is located outside the city limits, then it will take at least two hours. When the sun is shining so brightly... No, Master. I will go instead! I am expecting publishers to arrive tonight to make encyclopedias from Jeonju. Help Soo Hyang prepare to make the books. The smell of books... How many precious books are in there that they even had to lock up the room? Are you ready for the trip? How can clothes look so good on you? You're like the main character of a love story. Scholar, let's go together! I was wondering why you were using the woods instead of the road. It's so beautiful! If we arrive in 30 minutes then we made good time. It is high noon but not even one ray of sunshine is coming through here, making it all eerie. It's perfect for some summer freshness. Excuse me, Scholar? Thank you. At Hwayang-Gak and in the woods... it's also embarrassing to me, too. I am still not sure if the incident in the woods was real or not. But thanks to you, I avoided a big misfortune. Since when did you start going around as a man? My whole life. I never lived as a woman. I had a huge accident so I don't have any memories of before I was 10. My life was saved, but they say I suffered a lot after that. At the time, a monk was passing by and said I needed to be raised as a boy to keep me alive and to have longevity. After they put me in boy clothes, I woke up the next day. My life is to live as a man. Isn't it hard for you? Not at all, thanks to that there's more things I can do. If I work as a bookseller, I can earn money and I can read whatever books I want. I really like this job. With the books that I give, people gain courage, hope, and a way. I feel like I'm doing a really good job. I'm living a good life. I feel like my heart gets full. Because it's pretty? I'm saying your heart is pretty. You usually don't enjoy hunting, why did you came out even after disobeying the Majesty's command? I really don't know. How sad... my closest friend doesn't even know how I feel. I must have lived in vain. To make up to the King for my unfilial and disloyal acts all this time, I'm trying to get a gift for His Majesty. (CHINESE) Beautiful, beautiful. (CHINESE) None of these are in JOSEON. Really. (CHINESE) These are the real deal. Really... Oh, hello-hello! Here we go. It is over there. Ahjussi! Aigoo! Yang Sun! What brought you here? I came to buy things from you with my customer, Mr. Wang. Careful. The book which is not in here won't be anywhere in JOSEON. Ahjussi, what about Crown Prince Junghyun's diary that I asked you about before. Ah... I have been looking for it but it was nowhere. By the way, who is Crown Prince Junghyun? Is he the Crown Prince of Qing Dynasty? If I don't know it, you should assume that it does not exist. Look for it anyways but I have no idea. Who is that guy? You can go now. No, it is okay. I will stay and search for Crown Prince Junghyun's diary. Ahjussi misses a few books from time-to-time since there are numerous books. So you can leave for your business, Scholar. You have helped me twice. So I want to help you, too. If the diary is not here, I will search for it all throughout JOSEON. There was not even a case that I could not find a requested book. Thank you. But I would like to look for it alone so leave. How will you look for the diary among this many books. Then... I will leave now. Should I look for the diary with him? Is it going to be rainy? It was a short way when I was with the scholar but how come it is so far now? No, there's no way it would be a vampire. It was a dream. It's okay now. Someone... someone was following behind me. Stay here. I will go and check. Scholar, it is dangerous. Don't go. Tell me. Who is behind you? Please... please let me go. I-I only followed the Lady Soo Hyang's order. What? Don't you fear anything? Why did you go while you do not know who he is? What if something happened to you? Why? Do you think someone who had followed you is a vampire? No... it is not but... Well... the forest is a dangerous place so... This is a incense case with Chinese hawthorn. Wild animals hate this scent the most. If you keep this with you, you won't be chased by wild animals and vampires as you said. It was certainly a human footstep. By the way, have you finished looking at the books? How did you come this fast? I have business today so I will go first. The clouds don't show this will be a short rain. What is the scar on your left shoulder? How did you know about that? I saw it when you were changing your clothes last time. I already told you I got into a huge accident when I was young. I got bit by a wild dog. My father cauterized it with an iron in fear of infection. You have a lot of fate with wild beasts, don't you? I guess I do. I guess I won't have anymore fate with them, thanks to your incense case. Scholar, we should quench our thirst. Now I'm dreaming about anything. In the water, how could... Kissing in the water... And in my dreams too, really. That's right. My sleeping obscene desire is finally awakened. Now, now. My obscene devil just surfaced in my head. Scholar! Let's go together! How many arrows did I shoot? It was the 50th and the last. Your Majesty, please stop the attack now. How could Your Majesty put a citizen as the target and practice archery? This isn't the first time. Even Crown Prince Sadong enjoyed things like this. The King is entering! So, is that what you are trying to learn? What happened to Crown Prince Sadong? He was stuck in a well and died of hunger. Crown Prince, why did you mention Prince Sadong's matter and upset the King? It is hard to listen even for us. It is obvious that Crown Prince thinks a lot about former Crown Prince Sadong. That's right. Do you want to pay the same price? I am absolutely standing here, not as a crown prince, but to unlink myself from Crown Prince Sadong. This is the spy who has been following me around for past three months. My every move has been recorded and sent to you as a petition. The person who sent the petition, who is also behind that spy, is here with us right now. Your words can't only be the evidence for his guilt. Did you get the spy's confession? You will die no matter what. If you reveal those behind you, they will kill you. If you don't, I won't save you. Your family will be at a safe place by now. Those behind you... will kill your family as well. I won't. I will protect your family. I promise. They... The Minister had ordered me to do it. Your Majesty, that's not true. It's an accusation! The secret orders sent by the Minister and the evidence I've collected are hidden under the floor of my house. Your Majesty! Please remove the Minister Lee Pil Joo from his position and punish him according to his crime. I will personally interrogate him. Lock up the Minister and his group right now. Yes, Your Majesty. Your Majesty, please reconsider. Everything is an accusation! They're all lies, Your Majesty! Your Majesty! Why did you send an assassin? Why did you try to kill Jo Yang Sun without my permission? I couldn't just watch you fall into danger. Gwi seems to have Jo Yang Sun's bag. I gave her an incense case made from Chinese hawthorn to erase her scent. That child is the most capable out of all the booksellers I have met. Until I find the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum, I will keep him as my personal bookseller, just know that. Perhaps, is that child in your heart? You're really different from the Master that I used to know. The incident at the Hwayang-Gak and also the other day... Stop! Does my life look easy enough for a mere woman to shake my resolution? Until when... are you going to say you are a woman to me? Do you see my feelings as only jealousy? I can throw away my life for you. If it's for your safety- More than that and more than my life- Didn't I say that my priority is to find Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? So I can get rid of Gwi. So I can end this beast-like life in which I desire human blood. Jo Yang Sun... you and Ho Jin, too... I only kept you all by my side for that purpose. If you want something more, then leave my side immediately. This little! Mak Son! Apologize right now! Apologize for making my father that way and to my sister. What else could I do? To recover the money I lent you, I'd have to resort to selling your sister. And... no matter how angry you are, you shouldn't use your fists. You went over the huge mountain of huddles. Seeing that the Majesty is asking you to even attend the cabinet meeting, soon there will be an order for you to come into the palace. This loud and busy lifestyle is perfect for me. Go away! Everyone go away! Go, go, go! Go away! Why didn't I think of that? With a pretty face and soft skin... I would have gotten quite the price even if I sold a boy. Isn't that so, Mak Son? I know, right. Ah! Sheesh...! Scholars, you all seem like pretty important people so you should just go on your way. We're low class people so you might see something unnecessary. Scholar, they're aren't people you should handle. You should just go. I can't leave my friend and do that. Ah... If he's such a good friend, then maybe you should pay his debt for him. He's about to get sold for not paying 200 nyang. It's 200 nyang. The debt is paid with this so don't bother that child again. And you will soon be dragged to the police and be punished for being a loan shark. Your exaggeration is a bit scary. You see my friend there? He is the grandson of the Minister seated on the left to the King and a professor at Hongmoonkwan. He is the best friend of the Crown Prince. I take it that you understand and now I'll leave. Sister-in-law! What to do? Please wake up! Were you hurt a lot? I'm okay. Yes, there is no way that child could be Jin. Thank you. You hurt my feelings. You don't have to be that polite between friends. Why are you so surprised? We've already met like this more than 5 times already. Am I the only one who thinks of you as a friend? No, that's not it... My friend and a person who is responsible for my obscene materials, how can I just stand by and watch? I don't think I can succeed as a scholar. Don't you think I should succeed at least as an obscene material artist? Call the Crown Prince into the palace now. And order him to arrest Lustful Student? I don't think you should be concerned with a trashy book like "Father and Son's Desire". What do you believe in, that you are so confident? What will you do if I bite your neck right now? The moment I die, every citizen will know about the vampires. I'm already prepared for that. So what can you do? I can check. What Crown Princes Sadong did. Before he died, he told me that he secretly hid Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. In there, there is a secret plan to get rid of you. There is no secret plan. Now, why don't you try and kill me? I'll kill you if you cannot find and bring the Lustful Student. I'll kill you and your precious Crown Prince as well. Where the secret plan you found is... I won't give up till I find it. I will kill you and all related to you to end your bloodline and theirs. Kim Sung Yeol... Look here, wake up. I'm Kim Sung Yeol who used to serve Crown Prince Junghyun. In the Prince's memorandum, I saw your name there. Please help... Tell me... what is the secret plan to get rid of Gwi? The secret plan... the secret plan... is a human... Look here... look here! A... person? Just wait a little longer. I will definitely find that secret plan and appear in front of you. Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! The memorandum...! I finally found Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum! What did you just say? You found the Lustful Student? The Lustful Student? The Lustful Student is the one who knows Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Since the Lustful Student used Crown Prince Junghyun's pen name- Ho Jin! I apologize, my Lord. I was just so happy- Prepare the horse. Y-you still haven't recovered your health yet. Hurry! Scholar, you should just go back for today. I will stay back and wait for him. It's fine. I will wait as well. Myeong Hee! Preview You were alive. I wanted to call your name so much... Myeong Hee! I... am Jo Yang Sun, not that person. There's a way to get rid of Gwi? Now... I think you should step up. I want you to find Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum as my personal bookseller. I was truly worried for you, Scholar. Do I need to have a right for my feelings? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 