The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Episode 11 What are you doing here? Were you trying to die? I don't know how I will live. Why I should live... I do not want to live. Fine. Then you must have to die. I understand. I will take you to a place to die. If you have the will to get rid of Gwi, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 come to Hwayang-Gak, then, will I hand over this memorandum. This new palace will become the battlefield against Gwi. You should slowly prepare to pass your crown, don't you think? It hasn't been that long since the Crown Prince came back to the palace. So let's give him some time... I must immediately check to see if the Crown Prince got what it takes to be the king. If his heart is ready to serve me. Have him marry the girl I choose. The new queen... is the Prime Minister's daughter. This place is, because of the worries the dead left behind, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 where those who could not pass to the other world are left to roam here. Perhaps your father may also roam this place. Do you see it? The land you are standing on right now. Water, wind, sun. All these things your father risked his life for and left for you as a present. The fact that in order to save you, your father gave his life must haunt you with every breath you take. It must be as painful as death. Left alone in the world... Why I must live and for what I must live. Living will become more and more agonizing. Still, you must live. Even if it is a life with no meaning, no reason, it is the life your father died for. Each day and another day, you must live. That is... what the living person must do. It's their duty. I also lived like that. The spirits... if the living don't let them go, then they would have to roam around. Hence, at this place, send your father away. Father, goodbye. I hope that in a good place you are able to rest. Myeong Hee, I will finally send you. I am sorry. I thought that I would keep only you in my heart forever. Dying and going next to you was my only reason to live. I have another women in my heart. The end will come one day but I can not ignore this girl. I am sorry. I am so sorry, Myeong Hee. Get on. It's fine. ♪ My heart is telling me ♪ ♪ My two eyes are telling me ♪ Am I not heavy? ♪ But once again, I lie ♪ No matter how heavy your body feels, it won't be as heavy as your heart. ♪ In case only tears will remain ♪ ♪ In case you will hurt even more ♪ ♪ On top of my hidden heart that looks for you ♪ ♪ I coat on more longing ♪ Sir! Get off. Follow me. This is the place where you live... This is where you will stay from now on. How could I burden you more? - I will go and- - Where will you go in that state? Do you even have a place to stay? First, rest your body. Then- I will find a place to stay. With whose permission? As soon as you get better, you must work. - Work? - Did you forget your situation? Your slave document is in my hands and now you can not leave this place. So, from now on your owner is me. Scholar... From now on, you can not leave without my permission. Without my permission, you can not be hurt or cry. Since you are now mine, you must not think of your body lightly and you must not do anything to harm it. Do you understand? I understand. Rest now. Um... Have you found the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum that father spoke about? It's my Father's last belonging. Can you show it to me? [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] He risked his life to save this. How could he hide this for such a long time without getting caught? It was probably to save you. Everyone said that this book is dangerous. May I ask what the memorandum is about? That book has the secret plan for getting rid of Gwi living in the palace. The vampire that the Lustful Student was talking about. Then why were you looking for this book? I, too, as was the Lustful Student, was searching for it so I can defeat that vampire. With this, you can get rid of Gwi? I shouldn't dare to know what you're trying to do. Although it is for the country but it seems too dangerous. However, I hope you achieve your goal. Please avenge that vampire for everyone who died because of him. That's probably what my father hopes for too. This memorandum is my father's last belonging so I would like to keep it. But since it's an important book to save the country, you should keep it, don't you think so? After losing my father, I noticed I don't have any of his belongings. This brush case was with the memorandum. This... Perhaps... do you know what this is? No. This must be the only belonging you have left. You can keep this. This is very precious, there's only two of them in this world. They're the same. How did Father have this? Yang Sun will be staying here for the meantime. That child's real father, Seo Jeong Do, died 10 years ago after being labeled a traitor for going against Gwi. Her adopted father who raised her secretly became the fake Lustful Student and died unfairly. Yeah... Gwi might be looking for her. There's probably no place safer than here. But, sir, why did her real father raise her as a son? The families who are waiting for a son, don't they keep their daughters as sons until they give birth to a son? That may be true, but he was on an important mission for safekeeping the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum; however, we should look to see if there were other reasons. Are there any messages from the Prince? Not yet. Do you believe he will come for you? As the cause he had as the Lustful Student got broken, he lost many of his comrades. It won't be easy for him. [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] [MOTHER'S RELATION ROYAL'S WILL GUARDIAN GWI] Whether the Prince comes or not, you must find about the mother's relation. I should. [MOTHER'S RELATION ROYAL'S WILL GUARDIAN GWI] I never knew he cared about that child this much. Don't you think he changed a bit? Don't make a fuss. When he sees a person who is in danger, he can't just pass him by and saves him. He may give some financial help quietly, but we have never seen him caring this much about a human before. The smell of books... This is the book that I got him. These are all histories. Does he ever even read romance novels? Walk two steps to the right. Scholar. I said go two steps to the right. Look, there's probably romance novels there. Why are you here? I couldn't sleep. If I read books, I'll fall asleep. The history book is the best book to fall asleep with. Is that so? Maybe, I'll read books, too. Father... it hurts. No. Did you have a nightmare? For the past few days, I don't know if it's an animal or a human, but I keep having this nightmare of getting bitten. Sir. Are you coming back from Yang Sun's quarters? Bringing Yang Sun here to stay, perhaps you have another meaning? Do you know what will happen if that child regains her memory of being Seo Jin? You may say that it was to save her from her father who turned into a vampire. But whatever the reason, the truth that you killed her real father and... if she realizes the fact that you are a vampire- She will probably leave. I know well. So don't give her your heart. Either way, she is someone who will leave you. Yes. Whether it is a sweet dream or a nightmare, you will always be awakened from dreams. However, until this dream breaks, just until then, I want to cherish that girl. Ah, this dust. Since your body is weak, I told you to rest for a few days. It's fine. Now, I'm this household's servant. I must do my work. Just give it to me! A person who has already done this before should do it. Please teach me. I will learn and do it. Wow, you're so stubborn. You are awake, Scholar? I mean... Master. Master? I just... don't know what to call you. Just call me like you normally do. Yes, Scholar. Sir, please stop her. Starting from sunrise, she has been cleaning the entire house. When I offered to help, when I said let's do it together, she insists to do it herself. For now, just watch over her. Me, too. Me, too. Sir! What's the problem? There's a huge problem. The whole house became chaotic! It seems she learned about household chores from reading books. The rice got burnt to the point where you can't eat it, and the soup... it's not something humans can eat. Can't I just do all of the housework from now on? Sir, I am afraid of her. When she stares back with those bright eyes... I can't even get angry. Hurry and eat. How does it taste? Our Scholar is a gourmet person and eats very little... It tastes good. Have you done housework all day? Yes. There were many things to do. Don't work too hard. You will find a reason to live as long as you live on. Marriage? I dare say that I have never disobeyed your orders. And? I'm saying the Crown Prince's and Hye Ryeong's marriage is too soon. The Crown Prince seems to be obeying you now, but he is getting ready for the future. Do you really believe the Crown Prince is not affiliated at all with the Lustful Student? I am looking day and night for evidence that the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student- The Lustful Student is the dead Jo Saeng. In order to save him, Kim Sung Yeol even used the dead Royal Concubine to enter the palace. Jo Saeng said he gave the memorandum to someone and the chance that the memorandum landed in Kim Sung Yeol's hands are high. So now we should look at not the Crown Prince but Kim Sung Yeol- What do you know that you are getting involved? The one Kim Sung Yeol helped is the Crown Prince! A daughter who hates her father and wants to be in a higher position than him? This is fun. Do you wish to be queen that badly? I do. Instead of being the king's woman, won't being my woman be better? I want to become a human with power. A human with power, you say. Leave now. What are the relations between the three secrets to get rid of Gwi and these reveal? What are you looking at so earnestly? Do you also write stories? No. But isn't this the relations of characters? What did you just say? Relations of characters. Whenever I write novels, I also write it in the front like this. Looking at the marriage, this person and this person are husband and wife and this person is their child. Right. Lee Bang Ho and Seo Yang Hee's daughter is Lee Ho Yeon. Lee Ho Yeon married Jung Choon Soo and had a daughter named Jung Geum Ok. But didn't you write this? Right. The mother's relation... this is it. Did I become of help somehow? Yes, you didn't write stories for nothing. Save me, sir! So, you sold Jo Yang Sun after receiving money? The child of a traitor?! Are you in your right mind? He gave me a large amount of money I couldn't even imagine and I was greedy for that... I brought a half of the proceeds for you. Who was he? The guy that bought Jo Yang Sun. The man named Kim Haeng Soo who travels to Qing. Wait? Kim Haeng Soo? Is it this man? Yes. Is he a man who has committed a huge crime? Where do I have to go to meet Kim Sung Yeol? I know he frequently visits the Hwayang-Gak. Hwayang-Gak? Look here. Put someone behind the Crown Prince immediately and plant a person in Hwayang-Gak as well. Find out more about the man named Kim Sung Yeol secretly. If the Crown Prince visits the Hwayang-Gak, report to me immediately. Yes. Aigoo. Now... this house may look shabby but if you fix it up a little, it will be no different from a new house. The Prime Minister put this house on the market very cheap. I heard this house was originally Lord Seo Jeong Do's. Yes, it was 10 years ago. Ahew! Back then... this house had non-stop visitors. But after Lord Seo Jeong Do was framed as a traitor and got killed with his wife, the household had gone to nothing. I heard he had a child. What happened to the child? Don't even say it. The young master's whereabouts were unknown. The authorities were looking for his body for quite awhile. According to the rumors, they are still sending out the slave hunters to all eight provinces and looking for that treasonous young master. By any chance, was there anyone who visited here in that time? I d-don't know... Ah... every year on his death anniversary someone does come. It seems he has a relationship with this house's owner. Do you know his name? I don't know his name. I heard he lives on Mt. Seorak hunting tigers. He does come every year on his death anniversary. But... that... when will you look at the house... Why are you hesitating and not getting ready for the marriage? Is there a woman you already have in your heart? No. It's just... If it's the Prime Minister's daughter, then it's no different from the enemy's child. So that's why he's telling you to marry the Prime Minister's daughter. To test your loyalty. The new princess will monitor my every move and report it to the Prime Minister and Gwi. Just as I did to you, you must hide your will even to the closest person to you. If Gwi tells you to crawl between his legs, then you must crawl. Don't you forget all this is for the great cause. I understand. But will it be possible with only our power? Before, there was a person who secretly helped the Lustful Student. He was also a vampire. If he has the memorandum, he could be a great help- Isn't he also a vampire? If we get rid of Gwi borrowing his power, how do you know he also won't develop greed for this nation? This is... Secretly gather the hunters before the hunt starts. These names? You should know as well. He's a close friend of Crown Prince Sadong and Seo Jeong Do. He was your martial art teach and your guard Baek In Ho when you were young. He was alive? He hid his identity after he was framed as a traitor and he's lived as a hunter till now. He will fight in the front line. I told you not to bother me. I think you need to come out. I'm sorry for bothering you. Your Highness. How have you been? Have become a teacher? I was waiting for you. I am sorry I only came now. It's okay. It's okay. Thank you for understanding. I may have kneeled with my body but I have not folded my will. I know. You have something to order me now, right? That's right. I need you to find a person for me. Entering a house without an owner means that you are either a robber or ghost. Which are you? I had something to ask so I came. You know a dead professor Seo Jeong Do from Sungkyunkwan, right? What is it you want to know? I heard you come to visit the old house sometimes. What is your relationship with Lord Seo Jeong Do? He was an irreplaceable friend. But he was killed by a vampire wearing a dark robe. I am staying alive for that revenge. Ah, is that so? But how do you know Lord Seo Jeong Do? You can't say it. Because you are that vampire! What are you doing? Did you think I only lived my life hunting tigers? I've been dreaming about the day where I can get rid of you and Gwi! You walk around in broad daylight. You're not just an average vampire. If I had planned to kill you, I would have already done so. Then, why don't you try to kill me?! I told you to take it easy... How did this happen? It's fine. I'm not injured gravely. Hurry. The food is all d- F-first, first let's go out. Did you get hurt somewhere? Don't come. It's nothing. What happened to the Scholar? It's nothing big so you don't have to worry. It seems that the Hwayang river will need more workers tonight so take Yang Sun and help with the work. That's right. Since the weather is good, there will be a lot of people who come to drink. Don't worry too much and let's go. Let's go. Walk quickly. That child... by any chance... If you have the desire to get rid of Gwi, then come to the Hwayang river. Then, I will give you this memorandum. Isn't he also a vampire? If you borrow his power to get rid of Gwi, how do you know he won't also get greedy for this nation? Are you going to go in? No. Let's go. What is it? Stay here for a moment. Goodness, aren't you the book seller? Why did you come in such a long time? Did you get a lover in that time? Hey, stop saying nonsense and go do your work. Prodding uselessly... what lover? Go quickly, go, go, go. It's fine. I will never appear in front of you again. I was simply infatuated with you for a bit. Fortunately, since those wicked people have all been punished, you should realize your place and protect yourself. What is it that you need to me to do? Ah... that... it's nothing big... Let's go quickly. This doesn't seem to be a regular bullet. He's a person who has dealt with many vampires. What kind of guy is he... to do that to you... Did you kill him? He doesn't seem to be the enemy. More importantly, how is Yang Sun doing? I sent her to to the Hwayang river just in case. What? My Lord! With that body- Your real father is a dead man named Seo Jeong Do. Whenever I look at you, I'm reminded of my friend I lost 10 years ago. You guys look so similar. By any chance... am I that friend he's looking for? Scholar! Is your body healed? With whose orders are you here? That... Lady Soo Hyang said she needed more workers- Didn't I tell you? Don't do anything and don't go anywhere without my permission! But... Who is your owner? It's you. Let's go. I can follow well so you can let go of my hand. Are you mad? Why? Because I did something I wasn't ordered to do? I'm not keeping you by my side to make you do work. Then why are you leaving me by your side? Why do you think I am? First, because you're worried. Second, the money you spent on me is wasteful. The third... The third... because you love me. - The third. - What? The third? What do you think the third is? Why? What is it for you to be like this? That... That's a bit... I can't tell you. Whatever it is, my answer is the third. I took care of the Chief Minister's informant. Did it seem like the Crown Prince met Kim Sung Yeol? He didn't meet anyone and just went back. Good job. Before my father tries anything, my side has to move first. Scholar still hasn't gone to sleep yet. He must have a lot of books to read. ♪ If all the lights in the world ♪ ♪ Are dyed as it is ♪ ♪ Be a present ♪ ♪ For my short life ♪ Whatever it is, my answer is the third. Scholar... Is it really the third? ♪ Is love ♪ ♪ Even though I can't see you right now ♪ ♪ Even if you're a bit far ♪ ♪ I'm always in the same place ♪ ♪ Don't forget me ♪ ♪ Back when longing for you was a boast ♪ ♪ Even though it may hurt to death ♪ ♪ Because it gave me memories ♪ It's alright. Let them in. So you came. Your Highness, I pay my respects. - Get up, teacher. - I am just a hunter who roams around looking for prey to hunt. Lend me your power. I will do as you command. I let him know about the plan while we were on our way here. Before I tell you the details, I have something to show you. I know where he is located. Where is he? That child? That place... It seems as though the vampire who did that to Seo Jeong Do... is holding Seo Jin as hostage. Who was it? Who did this?! I saw someone who was wearing black rush out of here. So that's why even though we tried so hard to find him, we couldn't. Seeing that there is still no news, it seems that it's true the Crown Prince has kneeled to Gwi. What are we going to do now? If the Crown Prince doesn't have the will- Could I have seen him wrong? Did you find out about that hunter? If that's true, then he must have been a person who had the same thoughts as Crown Prince Sadong. He may even know about the memorandum. Then... I'll go find out more about it and come back. Hurry and eat. Did you spend all day preparing food? Quickly, before it cools. Ah, you were hurt earlier. Are you okay? How come you're like that? I'll be back in a minute. Scholar! How could he have gone so fast? We're almost there. Stay here for a moment. How did you know about this to come here? Who is behind you? Are you suspecting me right now? I asked you to show me the will that will let us battle against Gwi. Until the end, you didn't show up at Hwayang river. - That- - It must mean you don't have the will. Did you come because Gwi sent you? I came to take Jin. The Seo Jin that you are holding. I heard the vampire that killed Doctor Seo Jeong Do lived here. So that was you. I did not kill him. It was Gwi. - To him who was already bitten, I just- - Shut it. Just as I thought. I shouldn't have trusted in a vampire. I'm different from Gwi. - How can I believe that? - Gwi... - is my enemy. - Then... after you get rid of your enemy... I will end this beast-like life myself. We'll see... whether you'll change your mind or not. Won't you want to live as the ruler above weak humans? Just as Gwi did. - Watch your words. - See? Haven't you already told me, the Crown Prince, to do this and that? Doing this, how can you say you're different from Gwi? I... I... have the heart of a human. In order to not lose that... I've had to go through so much pain! You will never... be able to guess how that feels like! Scholar! ♪ Even though I can't see you right now ♪ ♪ Even though you're a bit far ♪ ♪ I'm always in the same place. Don't forget me ♪ Are you afraid Yang Sun will find out about your identity? I will go into the palace and meet the King. My original plan for bringing you here... you haven't forgotten, have you?- Gwi has appeared in Hwayang-gang! It's a place for congratulating the Crown Prince on his marriage. Going empty handed isn't proper etiquette. - Don't go. - Thank you for being with me all this time. He won't be coming back. What are you talking about? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 