The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The one living inside the palace and reigning over the King eating human blood. The vampire. It's your choice to make, you are the next king. I wrote specifics of the secret plan for killing the vampire on my diary. I will risk my life to kill me. You... won't get any information from me. Then, I will simply kill you. What did you do to me? You will become the only vampire who can compete against Gwi. Making you into this... was it Hae Seo who did it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Trust yourself, Sung Yeol. I love you, Myung Hee! If you do not drink this girl's blood now, you will die. Please, live. Survive, and fulfill your ambitions. After 120 years I have finally reached communication with Scholar Eum Seok Gol. Are you planning on selling all the books in JOSEON alone? Episode 2 Yes, child. That's what I'm saying. Where are you taking me? Um, Scholar. Just slightly more. Raise your skirt so I can see your calves. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is this enough? I should just... Take it all off. - Books are not the only precious thing to him. - Oh, what's wrong with you? I'm embarrassed. Scholar, I'm the bookseller Jo Yang Sun. Scholar! I never asked for a bookseller. Leave! You got the wrong room. You're looking for the room at the end of this hall. No wonder! I tensed up for no reason. I knew Scholar Eum Seok Gol wouldn't partake in such a scandalous hobby. Excuse me. This... Is this your work? Oh! It is so live as if you brought the real. Arousing the desire to touch, this is the essential part of obscene picture. This is the hottest obscene picture in these days which is drawn based on "Bu Ja Ui Ok" by Lustful Student. Obviously, this has lower quality than yours, right? If you draw this, I am sure that it will be the best obscene picture book ever! What's your name? Why are you asking my name? I am called Lee Yoon. I... Well... I didn't mean that you have to draw obscene picture book... What are you doing in here? Ah, our Scholar is a very busy person. Now, hurry. He does not have a lot of time, and you are here talking. Let's go. I'm coming. Excuse me. Enter. Is it true that you will be able to retrieve any book? That's right. Educational books, antique books, erotic books... Can you find the books on the memorandum of Crown Prince Junghyun? Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? That’s a first. Is that Joseon's Crown Prince? This guy! I caught it. He has more beauty than a woman. It would be preferred if you could leave for today. It's fine. You might hear this often, but... You're a really beautiful man. Receive treatment for your injury and then leave. I'm okay. Scholar! This is a list of the books I need. Come back in three days. Thank you. Thank you! This is worth waiting for three months. These are all for Ji Shi. (CHINESE HISTORICAL TEXT 24 IN ALL) Earlier, that Crown Prince Junghyun... But... there is nothing like that. Is it a novel? Are you searching for Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum again? But... the secret plan that Crown Prince Junghyun wrote in his memorandum... 120 years ago, Gwi... Didn't he get rid of it all? But why are you looking for it? To know what he wrote... He has to confirm exactly what the secret plan Crown Prince Junghyun wrote was. And to confirm whether Gwi really got rid of the secret plan or not. Well, that's true too. In past ten years, there isn't a book that you haven't seen in the eight province of JOSEON. If this doesn't work, make it as it never happened. For all this time, It might have been in somebody else's hands. Crown Prince Junghyun's pen name was Lustful Student. Written by Lustful Student, protagonist Hyo Yul Junghyun was the baby's name. That couldn't be a coincidence. Then this Teacher Eumrang has plagiarized Crown Prince Junghyun writing? This Bu Ja Ui Ok by Lustful Student was release just a few month ago. The pen name, cover phrase and even the same name... Crown Prince Junghyun is someone who was even omitted from history. In all of JOSEON, the people who know the Crown prince are just you and the two of us. There were other books that Crown Prince Junghyun wrote... but everything was gone by then. This is the only book left. Is this why you moved to Hanyang? The place that this book was first spread to is Hanyang. This teacher Eum Ran, could he be the one who's holding Crown Prince Junghyun's secret plan? I don't know. But I'm sure of one thing, This person, either knows the Crown Prince or... Has the writing of his Joseon's best shocking obscene story. Story of father and the son over one woman... Teacher Eum Ran's "The Rich's Curse". - Are you sure? - Ahh. The title is good. Watching the woman breathing hard under his father's hand... The son... What do you think will happen? - Aishh! - That, that... Just a bit more! Ah, this! In the end... Ah, why? What is it! Asleep and laying next to the father's woman, he pulls her up. He abruptly takes her and walks toward the waterwheel. - Waterwheel? - The waterwheel? They went to waterwheel in their undergarments. They went there. It's over now. Alright, Alright this is Lustful Scholar's "Regardless of the Start". Only 5 yang. There's also only three books left! There is no 5 Yang! Lower it! Even if we work our butt's off, the government takes it all away saying that they're constructing I don't even have any money left to buy my kids porridge. Yes. I have to be able to eat and survive, right? So you can look at the books too. Fine, then 2 yang off, so 3 yang! What are you doing there? You are selling illegally, right? Come to my pharmacy. I'll cut down one yang. One more yang, one more yang. Hey, bookseller? Stop right there! He is bookseller Jo Saeng's first son Jo Yang Sun. He is 21 years old and he's been traveling eight provinces with his father to sell the books from early age. Among the booksellers, he has reputation for being a skilled salesperson. He is not the one you are looking for. That startled look in the eyes and even the clear voice like a girl, It was just like Jin. It has already been ten years. Even if he is alive, being a son of convicted of high treason, there is a warrant out for his arrest. He probably won't be able to reveal himself easily. Does he know I am searching for him so hard like this? Or, does he not show because he does not trust me as well? There are a few tens of slave hunters looking for Seo Jin. Since we don't even have any witness. It is possible that he could be dead. He is definitely alive. I will believe in my drawing and wait. I'm back. Have you eaten? Yes. Father. Mother. It seems only good things will happen to us now. I... got a work order from Eum Seok Gol Scholar. What? Really? Mother, starting from next month, you and Father can start taking your medicines. That person buys a ton of books. Don't make a ruckus. People are saying we are living off of you anyway. Close the door. The wind is coming in. Okay. Aigoo, this person... Don't you think it's about time for you to embrace the kid? Why are you so hard-hearted? The kid I gave birth to is even cumbersome to me. Why would I embrace your kid out of wedlock? Aigoo. Is that a drawing of that man? How much? The appearance that I imagined of the night scholar, is exactly what he looks like. He's skin looks like white jade and his nose is raised to the sky. And watching the lips red as pomegranate. Without me knowing... Enough for me to want to lock lips with him? Really? With one glance, you can tell he's into books. It's like everything he says has a slight depth to it. The minute I saw him, I kept thinking of stories about the night scholar. Do you really believe the night scholar exists? That he isn't a person, but a vampire? Not just any vampire, but a kind vampire. I heard it directly from the eye witness of the Night Scholar. When? Where? The time was on the last full moon day. There are people dragged by this notorious group of Jam Oh Jung and Chun Sam Taek for not being able to pay their debts in Pyong Ahn Province. (MOVE QUICKLY!) They were all females. Young and old. Their destination is Ehi Joo in Pyong Ahn Province. Hurry and move! They were to be sold for prostitution at dawn the next day over the border in Qing. Why are you doing this? My children! Mother! Mother! Starting from a girl who hasn't even started her menstruation to a woman who just got marry less than three month ago. Let me see your face once. The women that notorious group had sold is more than a few hundreds. Ahh! Don't come towards me! Why are you doing this! But that person appeared at that time! Save us! Where did you all go? Hyung-nim! Save us! Hyung-nim! Please save us! The idol of the weak people. A hero of women forever. Night scholar. Leave. Just like that our Night Scholar had annihilated the notorious Chun Sam Taek's group that sinned against the heaven. How is it? You want to hear more, right? Whether the night scholar exists or not, the scholar you met is so cool! I'm telling you he exists! Don't you think I'll be able to meet that person some time? He might even see my novel and look for me. I should draw the night scholar with the appearance of that scholar. Thanks to you, I'm going to sell more of my Night Scholar books! When I earned a lot of money, we will go to Tamna (TODAY'S JEJU ISLAND) and fix your leg first. From that well-known doctor? Yeah. The son of the new bookstore is walking just fine after he got treated from that person. You will also become that way. Night Scholar. Because he had so many enemies, I relocated his family to Jun Ji Woo. He won't have to worry about making a living with the farmland you gave him. You've worked hard. I checked the surroundings but other than that book, nothing else is suspicious. I haven't seen you so flustered in several years. A scent I couldn't resist appeared. If I had lingered any longer, I would have bit and ripped his neck to eat him. A beast that's able to eat a living man at any time; that's me. You are more superb person than anyone I've seen. If you give me eternal life... I will stay by your side forever. I crave the blood of who I love and once I fall in love with her, I bite her without realizing it. That is the instinct of vampire. Do you really want to live like this? So that is why you are seducing me to make you as a vampire? My heart is still human but my body constantly want the human blood. I resist and resist... but I need human blood at least once a month to survive. Do you know how many people I have killed to survive? Master, the moon light is still... Like Hae Seo who made you to a vampire... you hide yourself well like a mouse. What have you been doing for 120 years? By the way, by hiding and killing homeless vampires, can you resolve the sorrow of your lover who scarified her life for you? I... I love you... It is not... your fault. I, killed you. It is disgusting and painful but... I will endure. Come out. Come and confront me. So that, I can kill him So that, I can cut this infernal life. - Father. Father. - Mother. Mother. Alright, you did a good job. You can read your favorites, "Jun Woo Chi Story" and "Hong Gil Dong Story" by yourself if you study a little more. Yes. I would like to read "Scholar Who Walks The Night Story" by Moon Light Master more than them. Sweetie, I will make read that as well. I will teach you until you can read all those books so... That is why you are living like that shit. Hello Hyungnims, long time no see. To save your dying father and to cure your leg-disable sister, you begged and begged so I rent you my money. But is this what you do to me? It is a bad harvest year so the number of my customers decreased... How will you going to pay back 200 nyang to me by selling these useless pieces? What do you mean by 200 nyang? It was 80 nyang till the last month. Right... So why didn't you pay the interest for a month? I will pay back all of them by end of this month. All of them! How will you going to pay back all? The scholar living in Yong Suk Gol who has the biggest bookstore in Jo Seon became my customer. So I can pay back soon. I give you three days. You should make money for the three days. How can I make that big amount of money only for three days? Three days. 200 nyang. If you pass the time, I will sell you of course and will also sell your parents and disabled sister. So keep in mind. Let's go. Yes, Hyung Nim. It is over there. The paper of Lustful Student's book, "Bu Ja Ui Ok" which was distributed three days ago was produced at there. Let's go. Anyone here? Look. The iron pot is still hot. It seems like they just left. There is only few who learned how to make Japanese paper in Jo Seon. Gwi. Is this what he has done? No. It has been done by someone who use a sword. He stab exactly the vital point. I will ask around about swordsman in this town. It is not only me who is looking for the Lustful Student. When I got there, the workers were already dead and his son's body was not found there. He knows our face. Look for him. And we have to hurry our plan. Distribute the flyers tonight. Lustful Student. Embodying the performance of Bam Seon Bi, this "Bam Seon Bi Story" is only 2 nyang. The writer was wandering around to meet all the people who have seen Bam Seon Bi, and... Stop bluffing young man. There is no such thing like Bam Seon Bi in the world. People suffering from corrupted officials created it such as Bam Seon Bi and Hong Gil Dong to relieve themselves. No, I also heard of the vampire. I don't care about monster story like Bam Seon Bi. Let me see romance novels. The love between man and woman. Like Lustful Student's novel, you know. These are three romance novel that is too hot so will burn you. I will give you at five nyang as a special price. Like it. I will give you six nyang. Me too. My last wish is to make love with Scholar. You did not give up yet? Cut it out. He is not even seduced by Soo Hyang sister's beauty. Like you can say anything. Who was it that was kicked out naked last month? Who are you talking about? You know him too. The Um Seok Gol Scholar. All gisaengs (COURTESANS) here are burning for him. To stay over-night with him. How come he stays away from such beauties like you? Single-minded devotion. There a rumor he lost his lover many years past but still can't forget her. So he has no interest in any other woman. There are other rumors that he lost manly function. There are also rumors that he's gay. You should also be careful whenever you meet him. You have a pretty face, which is exactly what gay men like. His beauty is not found in eight provinces of JOSEON. Of course many rumors would follow him around. Are you talking about me? Scholar Yoon Ha. So you forgot my name already. I'm Yoon, Lee Yoon. The position... This... No, no. That is exactly it. Is this... possible? I don't draw unless I've experienced it. You are amazing! Should I say you've raised the standard of Joseon's obscene materials. Why are you looking at me that way? Did I do something wrong, or. You remind me of a friend that I departed from 10 years ago. You resemble that person a lot. If you separated...? He abandoned me and ran away. I had left my precious belonging to him. It must be something very precious to you. Of course it is. There are only two in this world. The brush case you've given me, I'd like to share it with Jin. It is already yours, so do what you want with it. There are only two of these in this world. You are like my biological brother. So let's split it. Accept it, Jin. I can tell it's a rare item with one glance. I hope you definitely find it. I should. I will find it soon. Young master, Eum Seok Gol scholar has arrived. Yes, I'm going. Scholar, I'll see you at the pharmacy on the next market day then. You'll have to avoid this place. Go in and catch him! - You should go in like this. - Move! Except the courtesans, bring all the rest out! Yes! Move over! Omo, are you planning to spend a colorful night with us? No, I'm... that... Excuse me! Aigoo, that I'm fine! - Quickly! - Me too! Excuse me! - Run that way! - Yes. Yes. Scholar, there's trouble. Scholar. Scholar. Drag everyone out! Yes! It seems you've left out something important. Come on out! Drag them out! They're military guards. Were you able to retrieve the books? I found Maseul-rok, Jihwa-rok, Taeui, and Geumkyeong-sik. They should have been difficult for you to retrieve... What about Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I haven't gotten that one yet... That... No matter how hard I try, there is nothing like that. Are you saying that I made you look for something that doesn't exist? It's not like that. - Search over here too! - Yes! Please help me, Scholar. Why would I do that? You've defied the laws, and not only are you going around dressed up as a man... You're also selling books illegally. What are you going to do if I get mistaken for an accomplice? I'm the head, responsible for my family. Just this once... help me out please. If you help me, I will never forget it. I beg you. I won't forget today. If there is anything I can do, I will do it all. What do you think I'll ask for? You cannot enter this room. An important customer is inside. The consequences of opening the doors will you be able to handle it? Yes. We came to see that important customer. Open it. How absurd? I don't remember inviting an audience. I apologize. It's the guards. They seem to have an urgent matter. Is the person the King is looking for... me? If you've confirmed that it isn't me, you should leave. I have to finish what I was doing with my woman. Let's go. They seem to be looking for Crown Grand Prince who is staying at his private home. Crown Grand Prince visiting Gibang (PLACE FOR MENS' ENTERTAINMENT). Interesting. Crown Grand Prince's visits here didn't happen last few days. Didn't you say you won't be in Gibang? You'd face a big problem if your stayed a little longer. I know. I am grateful to have a friend with skills. Are you going to go see the book seller? Gibang has pretty Seul hwa and booze. And someone who looks similar to my friend as well. Crown Prince. The King's been waiting for you. Your Highness, I, Crown Prince Lee Yoon, am before you. Have you been well... There have been requests to decrown absent Crown Prince from the Sungkyunkwan Scholars and ministers. Hand it to Crown Grand Prince so he can read himself. Yes, your Majesty. Are you selling those books even when you know about it? What are you talking about, Hyung-nim? That Lustful Student is the story of dead Crown Prince Sadong. The story tells about the wrongful death of the deceased Crown Prince. The ones who had framed the Crown Prince Sadong for treason were the power-hungry nobles and it was the King. And also 120 years ago, the same thing had happened. What you think... Do you really think I killed your father because I was blinded by political power? Yoon. Lee Yoon! Father! - Lee Yoon! - Father! Grandfather! There is no way my father would commit a treason. Please reinvestigate it again. Father! Your Majesty. - Please calm down. - Move over! Father! There's no way he would have committed treason! My father is not Crown Prince Sadong. Ten years ago your Majesty said even with a knife in my throat, Saying that my father was not Crown Prince Sadong... I haven't forgotten that for even a day. You are a very good orator. I am sorry but... Please decrown me. I know my being itself is troublesome to you Majesty. For the last ten years living in a private home, and every time there is a movement following Crown Prince Sadong, I was linked to them and discussed about decrowning me. Every time that happened, you- Try to prove Crown Grand Prince's innocence and to clarify that you are the only rightful bloodline from me. I didn't know you were one to play around with women and frequent the Gisaeng houses. One who I had to excuse for being sick and hide others from your incompetence. If you are really worried about your grandfather, then you should just die. Decrowning you means I am admitting my error. I can't do that, can I? After spreading these words to the citizens, I will reveal the truth about Crown Prince Sadong's death. Impressive. Even though it's been spread all the way to Bukchon. No one knows who wrote this. It cannot be done by just one person. The must be very reliable men behind the scenes. I heard at Defense Minister's table. There will be a petition send to the King about the Lustful Student in three days. It is the deed of moaners for Crown Prince Sadong's death. The person who killing Crown Prince Sa Dong was not the King nor anyone. Gwi. It was his doing. The two princes that wanted to get rid of Gwi... They both lost their lives to him. And I was only able to watch. Seeing as it was mentioned as 120 years ago. Lustful Student definitely knows the Crown Prince. But Lustful Student is saying the two Crown Princes are dead due to the treason. Does he not know Gwi's identity? I have to meet him and confirm. I have to find him before Gwi does. I must verify if he really has the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Since the petition is sent, Gwi probably knows about it already. Should I tell you something funny? 120 years ago... There were men who wanted to kill me. Crown Prince Jung Hyun. He even found the secret plan and wrote down the method to kill me on his memorandum. That is why, I got rid of all of them. The Crown Prince Jung Hyun and the books... But, the guy who wants to kill me appeared again. Look behind you. He is Crown Prince Sa Dong whom I killed ten years ago. He stole Jonghyun Crown Prince's memorandum from me and tried to get rid of me with the secret plan. But there is no secret plan. How naive... But, this Scholar Eum Rang seems to know of these writings. Does he have the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum that Crown Prince Sadong stole? Otherwise, like those rest, I will have to kill this Scholar Eum Rang. How pretty you are. Your whole life, with this appearance shall I let you live it? I am able to do that. Find Scholar Eum Sang. Who Scholar Eum Rang is... And where he is, find out. That's... - It is. - Why? Was it a lie that you would help with anything? He is a precious guest. The consequences of opening the door... Are you able to do it? What are you going to do? Yes I came to see that important customer. Scholar? Scholar of all scholars who studies all the time? It's funny. He's more like a playboy. Aish! Do you make deals with human lives? Do you think making a living is a joke? They must have heavy weight supporters behind them. Here. They sprayed flyers in all of the eight provinces ending at Junjoo last night. What about Soo Hyang? She went to Hwa Sung to verify the paper factory. Also. This... This what the bookseller left behind two days ago. Your majesty. How about using another bookseller? That man talks too much and chaotic. I really don't know. People's hope? Within the world... Lustful Student... Oh! This! This is the vampire story that Crown Prince Junghyun wrote to expose Gwi living in the palace. 120 years ago... All were burned that not even one book survived... Lustful Student. This is the right path to Eum Seok Gol. May I ask you a question? Is this the path to Eum Seok Gol... Ugh! I... don't know who you are. Kim Sung Yeol. Finally, you have caught on to my bait. Scholar... Who are you? Are you a not human? We must get rid of this child first. If you find this person, then I'll be able to meet Kin Sung Yeol. I found someone who knows about the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. There is no such thing as the secret plan. If you wear this, you won't be chased by the vampires as well. Is it possible that you are keeping her in your heart? Myeong Hee! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 