The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Father... No... Father... Father... This can't be true, Father? Father! Father... Hurry and get up. Let's go home. Mother and Dam Yi are waiting for us. Hurry and get up! Father... Father... Your Highness. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What will happen to that child? She will become a slave and property of the local government in Yeongjo. I must get her out. Will Gwi just let it alone? I am uneasy about leaving Yang Sun alive. This could be a trap. It is too dangerous for you to do it yourself. If she is a local government slave that is under the Defense Minister's jurisdiction, there should be a way to get her out. I will find out. What about the memorandum? Did you not find out about it? No. I heard about it. Episode 10 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [LEFT THREE BELOW ONE] My father told me to tell you that he hid the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum in the sanctuary of the Buddhist temple. [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] I am really afraid. He is a vampire eating human's alive. Could I kill him... and protect JOSEON? If this memorandum is in your hands, it means I am already not in this world. I probably got killed by that Gwi. Thinking about my own death, I worry more about my son than the country. I am sorry, for leaving this big burden to you. Your Majesty. And I thank you, for being my one true friend and a comrade next me in my life. [SECRET PLAN FOR HUMANS TO GET RID OF GWI] [LEE BANG HO, JEONG CHOON SOO] Choi Yeong Gyu, Jeong Geum Ok... Are these people... the secret plan? All of the dead, took the medicine to protect the Crown Prince without any hesitation. There are too many people being sacrificed. After I heard the story of Gwi from the previous king, I vowed to get rid of him and protect the country and its people. But I still haven't even been able to make an attempt to get rid of him and reached this age, and just wasting precious lives. Left Chief, do we even have any hope? We have that person. The one who woke the Royal Concubine's body. That other vampire. I really believe that person is... helping us in secret. Now it is time to end this matter. The absurd incident with the Lustful Student in recent days, thanks to the Prime Minister and the Crown Prince, and due to their diligent services to the people and to the government, all of those rebels are captured. From that measly bookseller at the street market started the rumors, fabricating a part of the Royal Government. So, now what's left is to punish those rebels according to their deeds. And I believe they should be cast out from this government as well. What are your thoughts on this matter, Crown Prince? I believe your statement is right a thousand and ten thousand times over. We believe you are right. The Crown Prince is definitely the Lustful Student. So if you give me just one more chance... Stop. STOP! The dead Lustful Student said he handed the memorandum over to someone else. So what do you think will happen... if it is Kim Sung Yeol? Are you saying you believe that old bookseller's words? He can't be the Lustful Student! All this is the King's trick to protect the Crown Prince. What if it is not a trick? Have you called for me? You may leave now Prime Minister. I have something to discuss with this child. I have an idea to bring Kim Sung Yeol sooner? Do you have any idea? No, I don't with my limited knowledge. A love affair with a human woman. I can't believe he's doing this reckless act. Keep an eye on the daughter of that dead bookseller. Around that daughter, Kim Sung Yeol will be there. I will do as you command. You're so lucky. The traitors' families even get to live. If you even want to eat grass to live, you should work until you die! Whether they are the secret plan or are related to the secret plan, I don't know; but... Crown Prince Sadong must have found the secret plan by following them. If the secret plan to get rid of Gwi is a human, does that mean they are stronger than Gwi? I also don't know that either. Lee Hyo Yeon, Choi Yeong Gyu, Jeong Geum Ok... They all have different family roots and levels. You go find the person who was in charge of the family registry from 120 years ago. If we track their whereabouts, we'll be able to find out how they are related. Yes, My Lord. How is the Crown Prince doing? According to the Defense Minister, the Crown Prince has become a completely different person. He is siding with the Noron and firing the officials from the Soron side. Even the scholar No Hak Young who was framed and released, got fired by the Crown Prince himself. What is the Crown Prince's schedule today? As the tour is ending at the visit of the training field, his today's report of duty on those six sections at the justice department will end. I will look around quietly so tell them not to make any unnecessary preparations. Yes, Your Highness. Gwi will watch you. You have to make everyone believe that the Crown Prince has changed. How my powerless act can bring about devastation, I learned it the hard way. Until I can gather all the power, I will wait. What is it? I was waiting because I had something I needed to check with you. Did you really, the officials from the Soron side and the Sungkyunkwan professors, send a petition to the King to exile those people? Why, to a former official, do I need to explain that? The Lustful Student that you served... is dead. I'll look over this once thinking of our past relationship. Don't do this kind of rash and thoughtless action ever again. Go down the path you chose by only looking at the future. Everyone says that the Crown Prince has changed, but I don't believe it. Kicking me out like this, keeping Jo Yang Sun as a slave, I'm sure that you have a reason for doing so. I... will always wait for Your Highness in the same place. Until we see each other again, stay strong. Clean it up quickly! It's fine. Are you sorry? Yes. You can feel sorry a hundred, a thousand times. Hyung- You... have committed a sin towards me that cannot be washed away. With the heart that is sorry towards me, save the nation and its people. Because that's what the Lustful Student should do. And never... appear in front of me again. I don't want to see you. Yes, I'll do that. I will never appear in front of you again. I was infatuated for awhile. But thankfully, now that the wicked have been punished, you should also realize the situation you're in... and treasure yourself. Have I seen such a crazy woman? This precious salt! What are you doing? Pick it up quickly! Kim Sung Yeol is not next to that child, the Crown Prince is. Isn't she an amazing child? I heard this is very fertile land in Pyongyang. It's not even another slave, but trying to take out the Lustful Student's daughter is not an easy task; you know that as well. I will never forget your grace. I will hand over the slave document right away, so you can take her at a proper time. But I heard that you often drink with the Prime Minister, so I planned to give him greetings. But he is not visiting. Don't even talk about it. The Prime Minister and his daughter don't have an ordinary relationship. The Prime Minister won't have much time. If you say they are not ordinary... There is no other perfect relationship than their father and daughter relationship. Actually at the time he became a lowly government official, he was at a country province. But he got promoted to the Prime Minister in a very short time. There were a lot of rumors. He was the head of his fallen family. And in an effort to try raise his family up, he gave his one and only daughter to the highest ranking person, according to the rumor. Another rumor is that his wife's illness is due to that. What did the Elder say? You can't even recognize your father, so how could you be a princess? Don't even dream about it. The Crown Prince will be decrowned by me anyway. What are you talking about? Why? Those kinds of words will reach your ears? I asked you, what are you talking about? The Crown Prince is the Lustful Student who is trying to get rid of Gwi. It's certain. I will show the evidence to the Elder soon and have the Crown Prince kneel in front of me. Don't even talk about it. There is no other perfect relationship than their father and daughter relationship. The one child and only daughter, he gave her to the highest ranking person according to the rumor. Another rumor is that his wife's illness is due to that. The last time, while visiting the government office, I saw the Lustful Student's daughter. You saw her for yourself? Yes. She looked very weak, mentally and physically. And... What is it? Is she in danger? And an impressive character met that daughter. Who are you talking about? It seems you are very interested in that woman. It was the Crown Prince. I don't know what the relationship is between the Crown Prince and a mere slave girl, but they shared quite a long talk. You need to make up for the salt thrown away. Move all of it into the storage before the sun rises tomorrow. If there is even one left when I return tomorrow, you won't get fed for three days. Father... I have to endure through this, don't I? I should stay alive, right? Live... I need to live... because I need to take care of Dam Yi and mother. Because I have to do father's worth, too. Hey, young lady. Are you okay? Aigoo. Are you okay? Aigoo... what should we do? Why are you out here by yourself? To give to Hye Ryeong... I planted a lot of wild flowers here. Someone pulled them all out. I've seen them but... They must have all been taken away. I wanted to show it to our Hye Ryeong when she came. She would've liked it a lot if she saw it. Escort her inside. Yes, Miss. Let's go. Where is Hye Ryeong? You haven't seen Hye Ryeong? There are a few tens of people named Jeong Choon Soo. And if you find all the peoples' names written in the memorandum, there will be over a few hundreds. Something is strange. There's no way the Crown Prince would leave such an ambiguous clue. Is this the secret plan? The maternal relation, the befitting Royal's will and the Guardian Gwi? What do you think this means? It was a human that called Gwi out. Kicking him out also cannot be done without a human's help. To the King who submitted to Gwi because he was greedy for the throne, there was nothing I could help with. I am a Guardian Vampire existing only to get rid of that vampire who broke the rules. What did you do to me? Take my ability... and you will become the one and only vampire that can compete against Gwi. The befitting Royal... The Crown Prince and I are one of the secret plan to get rid of Gwi. You want to take the family member of a traitor? Can't you tell by the Defense Minister's hand written letter and the slave document? Ah that Jo... where is that Jo? I think you just wasted your money. How am I supposed to use some girl who is pretty much dead? What does that mean? Here. Aigoo! Aigoo... Aigoo! Snap out of it! Can you hear my voice? Look here. Endure it for a bit. Then what does the maternal relation mean? Perhaps they are connected in maternal relations? If so, then they can have different last names and family roots. If so, if we find who's mother that is, then we can find the clue to get rid of Gwi. First, I'll have to meet with the Crown Prince. My Lord! What happened? I don't think there will be any use taking her to a doctor. She's barely alive, My Lord. Let her down. Prepare the bathtub and hot water. Stop. Don't get involved. I am afraid of you. The me, who feeds off the life of my lover, the me, who is not human, staying by your side, watching you, touching you, I fear that I will want to live as a human. You saved Yang Sun once 10 years ago. Mother. What are you doing right now? I asked, what were you doing? For the Lustful Student who lost his life not too long ago and his followers, I was praying for them to reincarnate in paradise. Praying for the afterlife of criminals? Do you even know how dangerous your actions are? To satisfy those who died painfully and with regrets, praying for the safety of their families that are alive, is it wrong? Why are you doing that? I asked her to do it. While trying to help me, you've been scolded without fault. I'm sorry. Not at all. I thought of Crown Prince Sadong. I heard that they were people who followed his teachings. Do you know what father's wishes are? Did you already know? I did. I, too, wanted to continue his wishes- Wait a moment. Crown Prince... are you Lustful Student? Please tell me that you are not. Tell me that you aren't! Can I rest next to you for just one night, Mother? It has been a long time since I haven't been able to sleep. I wish to sleep, please. The Crown Prince is Lustful Student. Why do you keep going to the sanctuary? If he meets you at the choosing of the Crown Princess, he will say that you purposely approached him. Did I allow you to ask questions? Forgive me, Lady. Approached him on purpose... I have to make sure he doesn't think so. There is something you have to do for a moment. Your face is cold. I... will make it warm for you. If you come here, I will make it warm. Don't leave. Like this... Just by my side... Stay, please. I will not leave. I like you so much, Scholar. I love you. Me, too. Towards you. ♪ My heart is telling me ♪ ♪ My two eyes are telling me ♪ ♪ But once again, I lie to you ♪ ♪ In case only tears remain ♪ ♪ In case you will hurt even more ♪ ♪ On top of my hidden heart that looks for you ♪ ♪ I coat on more longing ♪What I can do... is up to here. There is no future...♪ I want to become the rain ♪ for you and I together. ♪ By your side ♪ Why? That reason... One day you will know. ♪ But I can't help but love you again ♪ ♪ Just looking at you brings tears to my eyes ♪ You must be really sleepy. Sleep well. ♪ But just for one day ♪ Please don't leave. By my side... (STAY) By my side... ♪ I love you, I love you, even if my heart stops ♪ ♪ As much as my heart won't stop ♪ ♪ The more you fill me, the more I break down ♪ ♪ But I can't help but love you again ♪ ♪ I can't help ♪ ♪ But love you again ♪ She'll wake up tomorrow. Tell that to her family and prepare a ship on time. Do you really... have to send her off? I am ignorant and have no sense, but I can also see it. As much as you risk your life for her... she's in your heart. Ho Jin. You lived like a dead person for 120 years. Now... isn't it time for you to be happy? Finding the secret plan and getting rid of Gwi... is the one and only reason I have to be alive for. After that's over, I, too, will disappear from the human world. The memorial that my husband asked for, take care of it well, Monk. Your husband will have gone to a good place. Yes, Monk. He's someone who has never done something bad in his whole life. He must have been taken away well. The husband and wife's good deeds will reach to heaven. Taking in and raising someone else's child as his own and never once forgetting that child's parents' memorial for 10 years isn't something easy. What are you talking about? Yang Sun isn't of blood relation to her father? Then perhaps... she is the child of Seo Jeong Do my husband had been memorializing? Is that what you are saying? Father. Unni, you're okay, right? Unni... Father, it hurts! Unni! Unni! Unni. Thank you for coming back. Thank you, Unni. I'm sorry. Only I lived... I couldn't protect Father... I'm sorry, Dam. Why are you sorry? What did you do wrong? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Let's leave Hanyang. Let's go to Tamna where no one knows us and live on our own. Scholar said he'd send us there today. Scholar? What do we do if the Crown Prince submitted to Gwi? What if he tells Gwi that you have the secret plan? I still have to confirm it. To see if the Crown Prince still has the desire to get rid of Gwi. The Crown Prince is also one of the secret plans to get rid of Gwi. About Jo... Just... If she leaves now, you don't even know when you'll see her. Are you really going to send her off without seeing her face even once? Until I leave, escort her well. [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] Hey. The weather is unbelievable. The heavens are even helping you be able to leave peacefully. I came to see the Scholar. He left early at dawn. He told me to make sure you were escorted off well. Is he going somewhere? Can I find him? Far away... he went to the countryside. Let's hurry and go. Soo Hyang will escort your mother. Let's go. I'll ask you one thing. Speak. It's about the noble my husband had been memorializing... Was Seo Jeong Do an amazing person? He was closely serving the Crown Prince Sadong and a professor of Sungkyunkwan. When the Crown Prince was killed ten-years ago, he was accused as well, and died. If the father was a criminal... the child must also be like that. Are we going to Tamna now? Mother is here. Mother. Mother! Why am I your mother? Do we share blood? Why am I your mother? It's enough that you killed Dam Yi's father like that. Who else are you going to kill that you show your face? Who else are you going to kill! What are you? What are you! Mother, why are you like this? What did she do wrong? Stop it! I... did wrong. I did wrong. Shut up. I don't even want to see you anymore, so don't appear in front of me ever again. If we have to leave with this child... we will stay here. Mother, why are you like this? You said that if Unni came back, we'd go to Tamna and live well together. You said that! Aigoo. Do you think you will feel comfortable if you leave Yang Sun and go? Let's get on the boat first. I don't want to! Did you not hear?! She's... not my child. She's... not my husband's child either. Mother. Why am I not Father's child? Why? Your real father is a dead man named Seo Jeong Do. What situation do you want to arise from being attached to us as a criminal's daughter? Go... Please go! [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] Show yourself. What's your identity? You're not a human, huh? That is correct. I'm a... vampire. 120 years ago, I lived as Crown Prince Junghyun's friend and I became a vampire. My name is Kim Sung Yeol. 10 years ago, your father, Crown Prince Sadong, told me the secret plan to get rid of Gwi is a human. Not so long ago, I received this book. What's your reason for coming to me and showing me this book? It's to check your determination. The mother, Protector Gwi. The mother, Protector Gwi, and the will of the Crown Prince is the key to getting rid of Gwi. If you have intentions on getting rid of Gwi, come out Hwayang-Gak; then, I will give you this memorandum. Your Highness, His Majesty is looking for you. What is it? Big trouble, sir. You should go there quickly. If you want to go, you have to get on the boat right now. I won't go, Mother. Unni, no. I want to go with you. When you become comfortable seeing me, then I will go to you. Stay healthy. Take Dami Yi first. Only send my mother and sister. I ask you. You might get dragged off to be a slave again, so leave together. Sis, where are you going? If you're not going, I'm not going either! What happened? They went without Yang Sun. She says Yang Sun is not her child. She says that child is the one you saved, the bloodline of Seo Jeong Do. Did you know? Where's Yang Sun? I don't know. She suddenly left. This new palace will be a battlefield to our fight against Gwi. Then the reason you have been reconstructing the palace is because... That's right. I will get rid of Gwi my way. Are you saying there's a way to get rid of Gwi without the memorandum? There should be a way, so forget about the memorandum now. Once the hunting preparations are done, all you have to do is call the hunters. Can the Prince become the King? My father says the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student. If that's true, he can't get the throne. How can I give the guy who wanted to kill me my throne? You look worried. Are you worried about the Prince? Whether he becomes the King or not, it doesn't matter to me. All I want is the seat next to the King. For his success, my father gave me to you, and my mother lost her mind because of that. And there's only one thing I thought about when I endured those long years, to stand at a higher position than my father; a power great enough that no one would dare to harm me or my mother. That's the reason I have to be the King's woman. If a smart child like you were the Queen, I wouldn't have to worry. When I see you, I remember a woman. She was as smart as you and had big ambitions. Was she your lover? I liked her. It was the first time I shared feelings with a human. What happened to her? I killed her. There was no other choice. She had my child without my permission. Since long ago, there was a story that said a baby born between a human and vampire can kill a vampire. What happened to the child? The child probably died already. That happened over 200 years ago. Unni, are we really going to Tamna tomorrow? Of course! When we get there, we'll get your leg recovered. After having Dam Yi fully recovered, we have to send her off onto the ocean regardless if it's day or night. Father, let's live only eating the fish that Dam Yi gets. Aigoo, we're going to live in luxury thanks to our daughter! Mother you just laughed, right? I heard, too! She laughed. Even I heard her laughing. Whatever. Eat and sleep already. We have to leave early tomorrow. Yeah, yeah. Do as your Mother says. But she really did laugh. No... No... Father... Father, wake up. Let's go home. Mother and Dam Yi are waiting. It's enough that you killed Dam Yi's father like that. Who else are you going to kill that you show your face? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 