The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Episode 4 Scholar, why don't you go rest today? I'll stay and wait for him to come. It's fine, I'll wait too. Myeong Hee! Myeong Hee! Let go of me. So you were alive? He can't forget his lover. There's a rumor that he doesn't even glance at other women. That was true? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You have the wrong person. Myeong Hee, it's me. Scholar! Lady! Are you all right, Miss Hye Ryeong? Myeong Hee. Who do you think she is?! I'm going to call the soldiers right now! Ah... That’s... This scholar is... That is... He mistook you. I'm sorry! How you could harass a woman like this?! There's no reason to make a scene. Let's leave. Look here! Are you trying to kill a person?! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Myeong-Hee. Is it really not you? Myeong-Hee, I really wanted to call your name. For once... If I could see you at least once, there's nothing I wouldn't do. I would even give my life. Scholar, are you all right? Scholar! Please help! Please help! Scholar! How is it? The taste of her blood. Welcome to the world of beasts, Kim Sung Yeol. Please... tell me. If something bad happens to me- I'll protect you with all my life. Here. I love you, Myeong Hee! It is not your fault, young master. I... love you... How is it? The taste of your Myeong Hee's blood? Welcome to the world of beasts, Kim Sung Yeol. Myeong Hee! Myeong Hee! Keep in mind. Don't ever... take-off the black robe. If you're alive, come out! You at least have to take the dead body of your lover, Myeong Hee. Don't you? Fine, watch as you hide... Myeong Hee's last day. Myeong Hee. It is all my fault. I... I killed you... Myeong Hee. I don't know your story but you must have had a hard time. No, it must be painful for you. You had fainted, Scholar. I... Well... I brought you here with people... I... I am Yang Sun. Well... I am not the person you are looking for... Fortunately, you did not get a vital injury so... Shit. Brother. Hey. Go find it then I will help you getting married. Sure, sure. If I can't find it, I will settle down at Ganghwa Island. What are you looking for at Ganghwa Island? - Ahjussi! - Why didn't you ask me to find it? This is something that you can't find. It's Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Sometimes, the exiled scholars in Ganghwa Island have valuable books so... Hey, hey! Not a chance! Do you think those scholars have the book? It can't be. The diary of Crown Prince Junghyun is a dangerous book. Ahjussi, you know the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I don't know. Just... I just guessed that it is not an ordinary book. Aigoo. What am I doing here? I forget I have a customer waiting. I will go now. Ahjussi! He left to find the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Jo Yang Sun. He is not an ordinary book-seller. Master Sung Yeol was looking all around for it but never found anyone who knows about the book. Don't make fuss. We first have to check whether it is real or not. Yeah, I know. Even if we find the memorandum, nothing will change. The secret plan that was written in the memorandum has already been destroyed by Gwi. No, it exists. So that is the reason why Master Sung Yeol is looking for the memorandum. You mean, the secret plan that will destroy Gwi really exists? Ahjussi! Ahjussi! I heard it for sure. He asked me if I knew about Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. My heart trembled. I don't understand why Yang Sun is looking for the memorandum. - So what did you tell to him? - Of course, I pretended that I didn't know anything about the diary. If they find out that we sold books to Crown Prince Sadong... it'll be a disaster! Besides, it is chaotic these days because of the Lustful Student or whoever is trying to reveal the death of Crown Prince Sadong. Well done. We do not know anything about it so... don't tell Yang Sung the truth when she asks again. Alright. Dad... Dad and Ahjussi, were you both the booksellers of Crown Prince Sadong? Dad, have you also heard of Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? Why do you have to hide it? Eum Seok Gol scholar really needs the diary. Don't! Don't ever talk about Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum! Listen to me. If I get caught for once being Crown Prince Sadong's bookseller, our family is all dead. Someone named Wae Son certainly knows about the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? Listen to me. If I get caught for once being Crown Prince Sadong's bookseller, our family is all dead. This is 200 nyang. I want you to look for the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum as my personal bookseller. Actually, I have an ongoing business so... There is no one I can trust and ask for the job. Please. Do me a favor. I will assume that you will do this for me. Scholar, I heard that one of your servants saying that Lustful Student uses Crown Prince Junghyun's pen name. It is Lustful student who knows about the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum. Lustful Student uses the pen name of Crown Prince Junhyun so... How are the memorandum and Lustful Student connected? Is it a record of someone who actually existed? I think he was confused. Excuse me, Scholar. Can you not tell anyone that Uncle Wae Son knows about the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I want you to know about it alone. There must be a reason why he stopped hiding. However, I'll ask him and look for it. Please don't worry about it. I asked you to repeat what you said, Crown Prince. I said, why don't you repair Gyunghwa Palace in Hwaseong instead of building a new palace. And the reason is? I am sorry to say this but due to the drought and bad harvest, there are many people starving outside of the palace. That is why... it is difficult to collect the tax for the construction of the new palace. And people are borrowing money from loan sharks to pay the tax so... Cut it off. Do you think you can act cocky because you arrested the head of Sungkyunkwan (AN INSTITUTION OF EDUCATION IN JOSEON)? How dare you try to teach me about the national administration? - Your Majesty, I'm sorry to say- - Shut up. There is something else for you to do. Catch the Lustful Student. By doing this, you can get away from the title, 'The son of a conspirator'. I will do as you command, Your Majesty. Also, for the upcoming anniversary of Crown Prince Sadong's death, you host a party as a crown prince. Hey! You are Choi Do Gwab who used to be a personal bookseller of Crown Prince Sadong, right? I kept looking for you, but you hid so well... It wasn't easy to capture you. You've mistaken me for someone else. And who are you to be capturing people like this? I am... the Lustful Student who wrote "The Father and Son's Desire" that you are selling. I know that Crown Prince Sadong had the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum before he passed away. Just as I thought, you knew about that book, didn't you? I don't know what you're talking about. On the anniversary of Crown Prince Sadong's death, there will be a party at Sadong's palace. If that's so, then we must stop that. Since no one was living here for ten years, it would be difficult to clean up until the anniversary party. Let's give it a try. I am sure that Sadong's Palace is the perfect place for the party that His Highness ordered. There is an assassin. Protect His Highness. "Baek Jae Oae Chun Yoo Seo Do Yak" from Lustful Student. "If you sin to the heavens, you'll have no where to repent." Of course, it's a punishment; a punishment from God. A party on the anniversary of his own father's death at where he was dying. It is ridiculous. The king who ordered and the Crown Prince who followed his order, they should all have a punishment. He made himself seem so tough but it seems he's afraid of death. He came himself and canceled it. I wouldn't worry about the king if he was an easy person like you. We have to be more and more cautious. Do not miss every single move from him. Of course, My Lord. I'm getting more curious about the man who goes by the title of Lustful Student. He comes in and out of the palace like it's his own home... If he does have Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum, is he trying to kill me with a plan that doesn't exist? There is nothing that can dare to harm you in this world. Within one day, I will quickly capture the Lustful Student. Alright. Are you going to be helpful at this time? On the anniversary of Crown Prince Sadong's death, there will be a ceremony for remembering him at Gwanak Mountain. At that time, we are going to spread the fake second series of "Father and Son's Desire". If that's so, then they won't sit still. If we get caught by the soldiers, people who attend the ceremony will be in danger, too. If Lustful Student indeed revered Crown Prince Sadong, he is going to show up to rescue the people who attended the ceremony. Also, to find out who is copying the Lustful Student's actions... they will go to confirm for themselves. Gwi... If he also shows up, what should we do? The place opens in the daytime; however, he won't be able to appear himself. But I heard that there will be an order to arrest him soon. It's dangerous. I have a plan of my own. Ho Jin, you spread the rumor about this. Tell them that the place will be given on that day. Yes, Sir. Have you gotten any message from the store? The person named Wae Son did not show up yet and nothing special about Yang Sun, too. That child... is hiding something from me. Don't take your eyes off of him and ask more guys to look after him. Even if I think about it again, I do not feel reassured. Sending that child far is- Finding the memorandum is the first priority. And he will be safe while he carries the incense box with him. Where did he go that he's not here yet? Myeong Hee! Myeong Hee. [MYEONG HEE] Is that what love is...? Even when she died, he couldn't forget her. Just seeing someone similar, and he falls apart. Is it like that? [MYEONG HEE. SCHOLAR] [SCHOLAR] [SCHOLAR. YANG...] Hey! You over there! Didn't you forget this bag? It's not mine. Your back silhouette looks similar, but your scent is not the same. - Let's go. - Yes, sir. Uh, this is so scary... I've told the people who saw the corpses that they were attacked by wild dogs. Good job. Burn them immediately. Some rumours may appear for a few days but it will get quiet soon. The citizens also have eyes and ears. Until when can we hide Gwi's actions? You saw the Night Scholar yourself?! Yes. I remember last night. I even have evidence. When I opened my eyes, this thing was next to me. But one thing is certain. - His eyes were red- - Did he have sharp incisors? And probably a man wearing a robe, right? He was a tall man. Any other peculiar things? Something like... he left a pouch of money or they moved to a safer location? Oh! I was in the middle of the forest when I fainted, and when I woke up, I was at the entrance of the mountain. - It's definitely the Night Scholar! - Why would the Night Scholar go there? Yesterday, there was a man... He was bitten and died exactly like this! Not even a drop of blood was left! I saw for certain with my own two eyes! I saw those kinds of things a lot, too! 10 years ago, even in front of the cave... There were so many dead corpses lying around so I told the guards after seeing that. Then the guards came out and collected all the corpses. Ah, that's before the Night Scholar appeared! Like you said, even if there was a Night Scholar, that wouldn't be a good thing. He's a vampire who eats humans! Before anything more dangerous happens, do we need to report this to the guards? Uh? Yang Sun... what are you doing here? - Hyungnim! - Arrest warrant for Lustful Student?! According to the rumor, it's for sure the buyers of Lustful Student's books, and even the seller will be receive stiff punishment. I might not be able to sell the other books. I doubt that would happen. Anyways, I am still worried about today. I hope nothing bad happens. I should hurry and go before all of the others get everything. Oh, right. Did One-hand Hyungnim say he'll get it for you? What? Sequel to the "Father and Son's Desire." Y-you didn't know? When? Where? Who? I heard it's between 1-3 afternoon at Jangbawii. The color of your clothes, too. You must wear white. White? Did you say it was Jangbawii? Yes, Your Majesty. I heard they will hand out copies of the "Father and Son's Desire" sequel between 1-3 this afternoon. At the memorial service to repose Crown Prince Sadong, they are handing out Lustful Student's books. Isn't something strange? All of the people attending could be in danger. How could they decide that location? This won't do, I'll have to go myself and check it. If the King finds out you are going there, there will be a petition to decrown you. Even though I may be a thorn in their eyes, yo the poor Crown Prince who got threatened by the vulgar writer of "Father and Son's Desire", they can't be too mean. They will think you are on the same side with Lustful Student. So you knew all about those people, but didn't do anything about it? Your Highness, I'm sorry to say this, but they are not fit for politics. They retired to live as a father, husband and - teacher of someone so... - Commemorating the Crown Prince who was condemned for treason itself is political rebellion. Don't you know that? Send the guards to Jangbawii right away and arrest them all! I will be with you for the memorial service. I heard there's a memorial service to repose you. At that place, this person called Lustful Student will also come, right? Right? I feel like it would be a very amusing day. Crown Prince Sadong! Crown Prince! But what is all this? How could he pass out books here? It is fitting for Lustful Student following Crown Prince Sadong. Have you seen Uncle Wae Son recently? No, I didn't see him. Ah... but about that, when are they passing out the books? [FATHER AND SON'S DESIRE SEQUEL] Big trouble, sir! The guards... the guards are coming! - You do as I said. - Yes sir. Spread the book "The Father and Son's Desire" immediately. This is an unbelievable story! Crown Prince Sadong was crazy and a prodigal? It is ridiculous! It is all lie! Who brought this to curse the king?! Lustful Student, come out! Come out and explain this! This is not a story that the Lustful Student wrote. It is possible to fake the cover phrase and characteristics. But you can't fake the sentence structures. This book is fake! - What? - What are you talking about? Catch them all! Don't miss a single person! - Yes! - Everyone, get away! It's a trap! Hurry, hurry! That way, that way! Seeing that nobody's standing up for this, - I think the Lustful Student did not attend. - Look for him. If they are here, they won't get arrested easily. Go to the entrance and check whether there is anyone who is fighting against the soldiers. I know a side route that leads to the village. Let's hurry and escape. Quickly! If we get caught, we'll be in big trouble. Scholar! Go. What are you going to do about the person you are desperately looking for! Follow me! Please kill me, Your Majesty! The advance party said they saw the conspirators arrested. But then... everyone disappeared?! What kind of nonsense is this? Say it clearly. I'm sorry to say this, but when we arrived, no one was there. It seems the people who took them are not the Gwan Goon. Please kill me, Your Majesty! If we had not prepared the fake guards, we might've been in big trouble. After they find the Lustful Student, return all of the people to the village safely. Now everyone! You can go back! - What? - What did he say? Hey, you! Where are you going? Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! You didn't get captured right? Please be safe... Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! You don't know how worried I was. You weren't at the place where everyone was captured... Thank goodness you're safe. I am the one who is safe. Why should it matter to you if I am safe or not? What does it have to do with you? I... was just worried about you... You can't even take care of your own body so who are you to worry about me?! It's fine, please leave it. Let me down. I can walk by myself. Didn't you hear me? I said to let me down. Why do you just do what you want? It'll be hard to go down to the village by tomorrow night with this leg. Whether I do or not, why does it matter to you? What am I to you? Even if it wasn't you and someone else, in this late night... and they were dripping blood in the forest, I would have helped them as well. I don't want your help. I was genuinely worried about you. Do I need a right for the way I feel? Then, since I can't leave you, and since you're not going to take my help, we have no choice but to spend the night together in this forest. Is that what you want? - That... - If you say one more word, I'll do that. A person who even hates my worries towards him, why is it that every time I'm in danger, he saves me, helps me, ans is this good to me? Why? Because of what? You still don't want to talk? Whether you're the Lustful Student or not, you can't just trap a person like this. I'm not the p-person you're thinking of! It's been a while. I can recognize you at first glance, but it seems you still cannot recognize me. I... am the deceased Crown Prince Sadong's son and go under the pen name of the Lustful Student. ["FATHER AND SON'S DESIRE" BY LUSTFUL STUDENT] Scholar. Thank you. I can go home by myself now. Have you met Wae Son yet? I'll go and confirm right now. It's late so you should leave when the sun rises. Whatever happens, just report to my underlings. There will be no reason for you to come find me personally. There is a King living on top of the King in the palace. He is a vampire who lives off of human blood. Lustful student... vampire? 10 years ago, Crown Prince Sadong was killed when he tried to get rid of him. And there is one more prince who was killed the same way. It is Crown Prince Junghyun who died 120 years ago. Although it is the vampire who killed both Crown Princes, the King and the officials who hide and support him are no different from him. This... is the story from inside the book that I gave you...! Crown Prince Junghyun was a real person... How can a person who isn't even in history be... Leave. Scholar! Scholar! Is it the first time you've heard this? Though as my father's bookkeeper, it's strange you do not know. I really have no idea, I'm not that person! Then I'll tell you about him. He used the book room a lot 10 years ago. He was known for his cleverness at Gyujanggak once, but he committed a crime of stealing a book to earn money for his child who was suffering from a lung disease. And because of that, one of your arms got cut off. The King got furious so he ordered you and your entire family to be executed. The person who blocked that order was Crown Prince Sadong. He helped you heal your child and open up this new bookstore. At the time, Crown Prince Sadong didn't realize that his old bookseller was going to betray him and accuse him for treason with the King and the Noron faction. Because of his false testimony, Crown Prince Sadong, Sungkyunkwan scholar, Seo Jung Do, and my father Hongmoonkwan scholar, Noh Jin Seon, were all persecuted for treason. The person who killed them was Gwi. So, I am looking for the book that has the secret plan to get rid of him. Crown Price Junghyun's memorandum. Hold him! What is this? This is the Lustful Student's group of conspirators. Call to Uigeombu (POLICE STATION OF JOSEON) right a way! - Chase them! - Yes! Take in all the papers! Not even one can be left! Yes, Your Majesty. I will do as you command. I told them to solve this problem secretly. Gwi will not stay still if he sees this. A bloody storm will arise. A vampire is living in the palace? What kind of nonsense is this?! That way! Chase them! Follow them! Chase them! Catch them! His swordsmanship is extraordinary. The guard of Royals... You are using the escort swordsmanship of the Royals in the palace. I am not Gwan Goon. I have no interest in killing, or finding out what you're doing. I have the book that Crown Prince Junghyun wrote. Tell this to the Lustful Student. Along with the words that I wish to personally meet him- Kim Sung Yeol. Isn't this man amazing? He acts as a fake Lustful Student to protect the real one. It bothers me. Now... I think you should step up. You look similar... No... you're identical. It's enough to believe that the girl came back alive. Are you talking about the girl named Myeong Hee? Did you meet a man who called you that? Myeong Hee! Myeong Hee! I haven't met him yet. Of course, it hasn't even been that long since you came to Hanyang. It has been four years since you left to cure your illness. So... how is your health? Thanks to your care, I am recovered. I apologize for causing you concern. You've returned as a woman in the time I haven't been able to see you. If you meet a man who calls you Myeong Hee, you must bring him to me using whatever it takes. Do not forget that is the reason I kept you alive. I understand. Do not look for me again. Mean Scholar... Bad guy... How long did I sleep? What is this? I'm fully healed? Bad scholar. Bad guy. Scholar Who Walks The Night As the poster is spread all around the city, Gwi will not shy away from any methods and try to find the Lustful Student. I have to find him first. Do you know how dangerous the memorandum is? I'll ask you once more. Why did you put someone out to follow me? He may know where the memorandum is. If not, Jin, who has disappeared, might have it. A human is hope. A world like that which that person speaks of. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 