The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Scholar, I have to get you a doctor. Just wait for a little while. No. You cannot call a doctor. People will come soon. Hurry and leave. Don't you... have to board a boat? I cannot leave you like this and go. Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! My Lord! Episode 7 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Today is the day before the full moon. If he meets Gwi on the day he is at his weakest... Soo Hyang! Our master will be okay, right? If he doesn't drink blood before the moon rises... I've seen him for a few decades. He has never forgotten about the hunting day, not even once. He will come back soon. How... did you get hurt this much? You are like this... So... How can you tell me not to call a doctor? That's it. This is orostachys. If this doesn't stop the bleeding... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I will call a doctor. ♪ The spring seems to never arrive, ♪ ♪ Even if spring finds us ♪ ♪ My painful times ♪ ♪ Seem like they've stopped ♪ ♪ Then you must have been like the wind ♪ ♪ The more I try to hold you, you scatter further away ♪ ♪ I only keep thinking about the reasons I can't let you go ♪ ♪ My stubborn heart is ♪ - Scholar, - ♪ Not letting you go ♪ - who are you? - ♪ I can’t discard ♪ What did you experience? ♪ Nor can I just erase ♪ ♪ These easy tears like this ♪ ♪ My one tear, my one longing heart ♪ ♪ Because there is no place to keep them, because my eyes keep seeing you ♪ ♪ Knowing that I can't be embraced by you, but I again ♪ ♪ I wait for you like a sad yesterday ♪ Father, I am back. The family elders are all doing fine... What is this? The moon has risen, Soo Hyang. The moon has risen! His fever seems to have gone down... but why is he so cold? Scholar. When are people... When are they coming? Scholar. I'll go call for a doctor. I'll go r-right now... Scholar... Please wake up. Hurry! Scholar! Scholar! No... No... No. Scholar. Scholar. I thought something happened to you. Thank you. Are you okay? Scholar... your face. Stop! Follow me. Scholar! Let go of me! Sir! Sir. Let's go. I got everything prepared. Take her to town safely. - No, it's okay. But- - Right now! Follow me. What are you doing there not following me?! Let's go please! Go away. Did you hear that sound? It's a beast from the forest. Let's hurry up and go. Kim Sung Yeol... you came back alive. [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] [10 YEARS AGO] You must not come out here no matter what happens. Do you understand? Okay. Do as the Crown Prince had instructed. Yes. Please take care of my child. Crown Prince! Master! Yang Sun is more precious to me. If only this book disappears- What are you doing here? What are you hiding? Why would you care? Get out! I'll go after I finish what I was doing. I guess you still have strength to yell. [CROWN PRINCE JUNGHYUN'S MEMORANDUM] I heard the Lustful Student's flyers had been spread in Hwasung yesterday again. Rumors about you are spreading among the people. There's nothing the citizens can do. They can't get rid of me just because they know me. How dare they... There is a movement following Lustful Student starting from the Sungkyunkwan at the center. Then I'll have to kill them all. I will show them clearly what will happen if they follow the Lustful Student. How much the people would be tormented. I'd clearly show it to the Lustful Student. He probably received treatment. Will he be okay? Sir! There's a big problem. They are arresting all Sungkyunkwan students and the professors. They will kill them manhandling them like that. This time... they are using the Lustful Student as an excuse to arrest all the people they don't like. Ho Jin, there's something you need to do. Chief Right! (RIGHT SIDE OF THE AISLE) Why aren't you letting me on the ship and taking me to the palace instead? This is the Prime Minister's order so just follow me quietly. Who are you? I'm the Lustful Student. Capture him! Yes! This man will lead you to the port. Take the ship and leave. Are you really the Lustful Student? Yes. Okay, now you must follow me with the saddest look on your faces. Let's hurry up! Drinking water will help with your hunger. Lustful Student Eh? [LUSTFUL STUDENT] You boil this thing for a long time before you eat it and regain your strength back, okay? I will start to boil the water. Aigoo. Here it is. [LUSTFUL STUDENT] They say the Lustful Student came by. When we went to the families of the dead booksellers, it was after that person made a visit already. He even hands out silver and farmland to the families of the local booksellers. He left a scroll to let them know about the Lustful Student. Many things happened in that short time. Who could have such an impressive ability? Did something happen? I was told all the arrested Sungkyunkwan students and the professors have disappeared. The military guards say that the Lustful Student appeared and took them away. The families of the booksellers that you took care of... have exploded with talk about the Lustful Student. People are changing their minds about blaming the Lustful Student. If Gwi goes on a killing rampage again on innocent people, they will loathe the Lustful Student once again. Gwi is hoping for that. The Crown Prince won't just sit and watch the people getting hurt. He cannot just watch. Excuse me, My Lord... Isn't this something that is... used to cover a woman's chest? This came out when I was organizing the laundry yesterday. There's no way... It can't be. Soo Hyang! Hit my head once so I can snap out of it. Why is it every time we talk about Mr. Jo, his eyes get... should I say moistened? Those eyes that say that he is worrying about his lover. See, look at yesterday's incident. He was putting his life on the line to protect him. I don't think one hit will be enough. Will you be alright? There's no way, huh? Soo Hyang, in any case, I think I should get hit once. Freely hit me once. I thought something wrong happened... It's fine now. Thank you, Scholar! Thank you! There's no way you can leave. Is that Scholar more important than your life? Than your family? I'm only going to pass the medicine to him and come back. He's hurt so much from almost losing his life because of me. I need to confirm if he's safe. What if you get chased by the military guards again? You worried about me a lot, huh? Even if you do this, it's useless. You know what my nickname is, right? Hanyang's flying squirrel! When the military guards appear, I disappear within a blink of an eye. I am the legendary bookseller who has never been caught once. Just once... I'll just see his face... No, just let me see if he's safe and I'll come back. Do you love the Scholar? Love? You must keep a good eye on him because he is still not eating. Yes, sir! Your Majesty. Your Majesty! I deserve to die! Your immense generosity... I repaid you as an enemy like less than a beast. Please take my life. It is not your fault. I did not die because of you. I will... tell the truth to the Crown Prince. I will tell him the sin I committed 10 years ago. And I will come to see you. You are the one who came with Yang Sun... What is it? Choi Do Gap is missing. The guards said they never left their posts. But he has vanished. What are you? Do you know about Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I have no desire to beg for my life from a vampire. So just go ahead and eat me! I am Kim Sung Yeol who used to serve the Crown Prince Junghyun. Kim Sung Yeol? Do you know me? The year when Crown Prince Junghyun got killed by Gwi, I became a vampire. And I have been searching for the memorandum left behind by the Crown Prince. How can I believe that?! The Crown Prince Sadong told me just before he died. That my name is written on that memorandum. And asked me to help him get rid of Gwi. Gwi will soon know that the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student. Then! The Crown Prince, too, will lose his life. Is that what you want? I don't know where the memorandum is. But I have seen it once by chance. There were five names written there and on the last page there were his dying words left to his friend Kim Sung Yeol. Our master will get you a place where you can live safely, so stay here for a few days. Hey... Are you a vampire, too? No. I am not! I... I am just... a human. What am I saying? So what I'm saying is... our scholar is no different than a human being. Oh, that... Our master is totally different from Gwi. Our master is taking care of the people who are being tormented by Gwi. The person who is helping the Lustful Student is... our master. Get some rest. The secret plan to get rid of Gwi is really a human? The secret plan is... a human. Those five people written in your memorandum are the clues to finding your memorandum? Done! Now no one will know you are the bookseller, Jo Yang Sun. Don't I look weird? Don't I look like a man wearing woman's clothes? No. You look alike the most pretty woman in Hanyang. There will be guys making a ruckus to see you in Hanyang. Oh, Dam! What you've just said. I am not like that. I have received a lot of help from the scholar. To pay him back... You don't call that a favor... it's called love or fate. Love, my butt! Saving a woman who was on the verge of death not once or twice but four times. And a man risking his own life at that. You were worried about a man like that, so you can't even sleep nor can you eat. A woman who is trying to see if he is safe no matter what! The rejoined man and woman lusting each other's lips regardless of who wanted it first, fall onto the silk bedding. The man's hand reaches the woman's clothes tie... Hey! What are you doing? In romance novels, with that kind of fate, it would have advanced all the way already... A-All the way... You are seriously... You read Lustful Student's book, didn't you Dam? Ahew! I must recover soon. So we can come back to Hanyang soon for you to see your scholar sooner. You must hurry back? Of course. I'll come right back after checking his safety. Hyung! He really doesn't recognizes me. So is it saying that if we turn in the Lustful Student's group, we will get rewarded for it? Seeing that they are taking it this far, what Lustful Student said might be true, right? Is that so? Of course, it is. Why did they have to arrest the people who buy and sell the Lustful Student's books? Because the person's words were true and they had to hide that truth. I heard the Lustful Student was taking care of the families of the arrested. Silver and even the farmland. Is that right? It's not the Night Scholar but the Lustful Student? Handing out silver quietly and the farmland? This is just like the deeds of the Night Scholar. Scholar! Look at this person carefully. This is who you need to bring to me. Kim Sung Yeol. I will bring Kim Sung Yeol to you. But please keep the promise you made to me. The promise that you will make me live as the King's woman. I will do that. I will keep it. Bring Kim Sung Yeol to me. Then you will become the King's woman. Scholar! Go back. Ah that... This medicine is good for stab wounds... The person who is pretending to be like the Lustful Student, He is definitely covering for me, but why? Does he already know about me? Don't worry too much. I have people looking into this already. Is that why you called for a meeting? We can't just wait for the memorandum to appear. She was a woman! You're really frustrating. You can tell with one glance! We have about 15 minutes, Your Highness. Hello... Miss! Please let me ask for directions? Hey, Young Master! Let me ask you for directions! Are you talking to me? Hyungnim! What do you mean "Hyungnim" with that look? Isn't Orabeoni better? Ah, haha. How can you say that to a man? That's what I'm saying. If you were a woman... I would have made you my lover. Are you in disguise because of the warrant for the booksellers? Ah, yes. I have somewhere I have to go. What are all of these scars? I hurt myself a bit, trying to get medicinal plants. Weren't you supposed to leave for Tamna Island yesterday? About that... I decided to leave after two days because of some circumstances. Well, because of that I was able to see your face again, so I like it. Did something happen? I have to make a big decision on the work I've been doing for a few years. I guess I'm a bit nervous. Seeing that you have thick and dark eyebrows, you will achieve your goals. Your have a clear definition between your nose and lips, and your jawline is strong. You will leave your name in the history of accomplishments for generations. Don't worry. Everything will turn out well. I am scared that I might fail. If it doesn't work, you can try again. If it still doesn't work, you can try again. You can just try until it works out. You have no way to fail unless you give up. Stay strong, Hyungnim! There is no law for this! How can you arrest the students? Let go of me! Our country is really going crazy. They are capturing the sinless booksellers and charging them with sins. If Crown Prince Sadong were still alive... No... If a person like the Lustful Student was running this country, we wouldn't be suffering like this. Because of him, the citizens are receiving pain. Don't you despise him? I do, a bit. But about that... Even before the Lustful Student appeared, the citizens were already suffering enough. Because the Lustful Student appeared, at least, we have some hope. Making a world that is ruled by the power of the people... that kind of dream. If the Lustful Student was listening to you now, he would really be encouraged. Would he? Miss, the man from that time- Shut your mouth. Look here! This woman is not Myeong Hee. Do you have something to say? You don't have anything to say to me? Earlier, why did you look at me and laugh? The gaze that you look at me with is so ridiculous, so I laughed. I thought you would soon call me Myeong Hee and start crying in front of me. I am not the woman you are thinking of. So don't look at me like that nor follow me anymore. Miss, you're back? This place... How can you not answer? Why is a child who was supposed to leave for Tamna Island still here? I should have confirmed it with my own eyes. But somehow... Your Majesty, I deserve to die! I cannot stand a second mistake. Guard that child until she leaves for Tamna (JEJU ISLAND). I will do so. She wouldn't say much when I am just delivering this medicine. Seeing as he's chasing a woman, he must be feeling all better already. - A ship will arrive in Mone port headed to Tamna Island. - Thank you. Well I thank you... Yang Sun? How are you here? I am sending you to Tamna because I can't trust you. There's a warrant out for the booksellers and you have sold the Lustful Student's books the most. So, I doubt you'll be safe here. What if you get arrested and tell the officials that the Master is looking for the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum- Don't judge my feelings for Scholar however way you like. If it's for the Scholar... For him? Did you just say for him? Did you already forget that he almost lost his life trying to save you yesterday? If you're the least bit sorry to him, then quietly leave for Tamna Island. That is the one and only thing you can do for him. In order to make a decision today, I have gathered you all here. I will not live as the Crown Prince now, but I must live as the Lustful Student. I will reveal to the world that I am the Lustful Student. No, Your Highness! We must expose Gwi's identity as we've planned. And the people who are serving Gwi starting from the King and the Noron's ugly truth, letting the world become aware comes first. The people are slowly learning about Gwi now. If you rush it, you will just be his target. Gwi wanting to catch the Lustful Student already started on a killing rampage on the booksellers and the innocent people. The lives he has killed are over 100 in just a few days. You all must know this is just the beginning. If I don't come out now, the innocent citizens will just die. Your life could be in danger. I will do it. I have to do it. The grandson to the King who surrendered to Gwi. The son of Crown Prince Sadong whom he killed... I have to come out and convince the citizens. That way, if the citizens believe in us and follow us, the one who is holding Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum... may come looking for us. If I could get rid of Gwi and get the peoples' hearts and even if I lose my life in the process, then I do not hope for anything else. I will protect the Crown Prince. I will prove that the Lustful Student is telling the truth. I will make the citizens believe in the Lustful Student and follow him. Have you found a way? I will show them that a vampire exists. You're not thinking of revealing your identity, are you? - You must not. - The decision is made by our Lord, of course. How could you say what he can and cannot do? The person who will become the next King, is putting his life on the line to fight with Gwi. Just as the Crown Prince Junghyun and Crown Prince Sadong did, I can never just leave the Crown Prince carrying out their will to just die. Gwi will not spare the Lustful Student, nor those who follow the Lustful Student. It's better for you to just stop the Crown Prince. If you leave it alone, it will only make greater casualties. You're right. Many people may lose their lives. However... I will save them. Even if it's just one person, I will risk my life... and save them. Then the survivors... will tell their families and their neighbors. They will tell Gwi's identity. If that happens... The number of people who believe in and follow the Lustful student will multiply to hundreds, thousands, and then to tens of thousands. If that happens, then some time... the memorandum will reveal itself to the world. In order to get rid of Gwi, I survived and lived this miserable life. However... if the Lustful Student can get rid of Gwi, I will set my life down. The Lustful Student alone took out all these guards. Then took the Sungkyunkwan students and the professors and disappeared? Isn't that quite impressive? It is probably done by a person who knows the palace very well. In addition, he is taking care of the families of the arrested booksellers. And acting like a hero. He is stopping what you are doing as if he's been waiting for it. This is not something that can be done by a human. The incident about the collected flyers went missing also seemed that way. That is because the guards are useless- You're right King. They... don't have any choice but to take it like that. So you know who did all of this? He is someone great enough to make the King this nervous. The fact that kind of person is covering the Lustful Student... it makes me very... uncomfortable. So speed up the process to bring the Lustful Student in front of me. That... is why you are still sitting on the King's throne. It is the one and only reason. What are you thinking of doing? Before Gwi captures the Lustful Student... I have to capture the Lustful Student first. If you're the least bit sorry towards him, quietly leave for Tamna Island. That is the only thing you can do for him. I can't just leave like this. This isn't right. Where are you going with that kind of body? You stay here! I will go. Because you are such a doting father when it comes to Yang Sun, I retract my extending hand to her. Since when did you ever take care of Yang Sun? You don't have to do what you don't want to. Move. Find out in detail about the Prime Minister Choi Cheol Joong's household and about his daughter. I understand. Uh... right now... Are you Mr. Jo? What kind of crazy... why would he appear here as a girl? I will send her off. You go in and take care of the business I just told you about. Yes, My Lord. Uh? The proper girl was here. Let's go back down again! Ah, let go! I'm not a Gisaeng. I... I will raise your hair up tonight. (Meaning first sexual experience which men pay a lot of money for in Gibang) Spare me, spare me! You bastard! How dare you! Do you even know who I am? I'm okay. Don't even say one word. That person is- My wrist hurts. What is this wound from? I asked you what this wound is from! I fell yesterday. I was hurt a bit, but it's nothing. I... heard why you want to send me to Tamna Island. How I feel... Go back. I don't have the leisure to listen to you about your feelings. Is that... the only reason? If I were caught by the guards, are you afraid I might cause a problem for you? So you want to send me to Tamna Island? I want to know... how you really feel. Preview It was the first time. These feelings... [JUNGHYUN] Is what's written here really what you are looking for? Kim Sung Yeol, you are really wanting to see the end. I have seen that brush case before. We can just kill them all, including the King and the Crown Prince. There will be an uprising in two days, so prepare for it. I will let the Crown Prince know. That I... have the same will as he does. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 