The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Unclothe those men and burn them with the iron. Don't stop until they confess! Yes. A woman! My child's a woman! Please save her, sir. They will leave Yang Sun alone. Tomorrow, when His Majesty personally investigates, not only Yang Sun but all of the Lustful Student's followers will be executed. I know, so I'll make a trade 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with Yang Sun's life. Father. - Father. Episode 9 Father. Please take care of my father. Starting from before, he hasn't gotten up. Father. I'll save your father. If you confess that you're the Lustful Student, then I'll release the arrest order of your family that ran away and your father will be released as well. I- I'm not the Lustful Student. The Lustful Student is- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the- If you reveal that truth to the world, do you think you and your father will survive? The vampire that lives in the palace will kill everyone. The prince and you guys. Even the countless number of citizens that believe and follow the Crown Prince's words. Do vampires really exist? Yes. If only you die, everyone will live. Your dying sinless father and even the people. If Jo Saeng saw me at Seo Jung Do's house 10 years ago, then Gwi who made him into a vampire and me who killed him... to the people, all vampires will look the same. They will not hand over the book that easily. When the situation where his child's life is at risk arises, they will not reject your help. In the end, the book will be given. However, you said that Gwi has decided to personally meet the Lustful Student. Even now, he remembers Yang Sun's scent. What will we do? What if she gets captured by Gwi? Will you be able to watch Yang Sun getting hurt? I'm also having a hard time. However, if everyone can live with only her dying, I would let that happen. Through that, if I can get rid of Gwi, I could do even worse. The King is replacing the real with the fake? The traitor that made the nation fall into chaos is a mere bookseller. And the evidence can be fabricated however it fits. Isn't it also possible that they could make a false confession after not being able to endure the torture? I should just meet him and check. If he's real or fake. The owner of the scent that Kim Sung Yeol tried to protect so earnestly, maybe the Lustful Student and have the book. Finally, might I be able to taste that sweet blood again? I craved it so badly. Scholar, I'm so scared. If I die, will I be able to save your life? Will that save many peoples' lives? If I really die... Why didn't you call someone? Even if the book you're looking for is not there, you're still going to save my sister and father, right? Please just once more... Please save my sister once more. You saved her life three times. You can do it. You wouldn't know how much she liked you. Please save her just once more. Please save her one more time. The night of the full moon, he will appear. Helping the weak people, the Night Scholar. So she wrote a novel, about my story? ♪ The spring seems to never arrive, it has arrived ♪ ♪ My painful times seemed to have stopped ♪ ♪ I guess you are like that. You are like the wind ♪ ♪ The more I hold on to you, the further you scatter away ♪ ♪ I only keep thinking about the reasons I can't let you go ♪ ♪ My stubborn heart is not letting you go ♪ ♪ I can't discard ♪ ♪ nor can I just erase ♪ ♪ These easy tears like this ♪ Go! Move! Move faster! How did it go? Yang Sun and Jo Saeng, even the Crown Prince's people, I saw them all go into the Investigation Bureau. They are probably going to be officially interrogated. They will probably arrest everyone and make all the Lustful Student's followers into traitors. Thankfully they were moved into the Investigation Bureau so it's not impossible. However, after you came by last time, it seems the security has been tightened. It'll be hard to get in and out without being noticed. 10 years ago, did you see me at Crown Prince Sadong's quarters? I... clearly saw you. You were eating and killing a person. You were right. I am also a vampire like Gwi, so it is given that that you fear me. However, in order to get rid of Gwi, I have spent the past 120 years trying to find the memorandum that you had in your possession. The King will personally interrogate you today. In order to protect the Crown Prince, he made Yang Sun into the Lustful Student. He will never let her live. If you tell me the location of the memorandum, Yang Sun, you, and the rest of your family, I will safely send your people to Tamna. Take the prisoners away! There is no time. You must trust me. I lost your father but I protected you. I protected the safety of the court. But what can you protect now? You fell into this ridiculous plot and made your followers lose their lives. Yoon, what are you doing here? Father. Your followers... will soon be tortured in front of you. Are you only going to watch? What am I, the powerless man I am, capable of doing? Please save me, Father. How can I save my innocent followers, Yang Sun, and her father who are being killed as traitors? Tell me, Father. If you come out as the Lustful Student in the torture grounds, if you confess that you are the Lustful Student... I will reveal that the Crown Prince, the one you are trying to protect, is the real Lustful Student. If you want to save the Crown Prince, never get involved. For what reason are you acting like this? I may have lost your father, but I will not let you leave me as well. Wake the criminals. If you get involved, that child will die. Is that what you desire? Hyungnim... Begin the punishment of the criminals. Yes! My Lord, until when are you going to leave the Royal Consort's corpse here? It gives me goosebumps every time I enter the storage warehouse. Why did you gather so much Chinese Hawthorn powder? I don't know when Gwi will come to see Yang Sun. So, we must get rid of the scent. I will ask for the last time. Will you admit to the wrongdoings of the Lustful Student? Do you not resent him? Because of that man, the people are in so much pain. Because he appears, we have some hope. A world made by the people's hope. I'm talking about that dream. If the Lustful Student heard your words, he would gain so much courage. The vampire that lives in the palace will kill everyone. The Crown Prince, those who were captured and brought here, and even the countless number of citizens that believe and follow the Crown Prince's words. I am the Lustful Student. It was so hard to live each day. A life with no hope or dreams was so tiring, so I planned the entire thing. However, my father had no part. So, please spare my father's life. That's a lie. In order to save her father, she is lying. I... I am the Lustful Student. Father! No, I am the Lustful Student! All of the evidence points to your child as the Lustful Student. Are you lying? 10 years ago, I worked as a bookseller for the Crown Prince. The grace I received from the Crown Prince was immeasurable. And because it was so unfair, I gathered all of the Crown Prince's supporters. So, I...! Planned all of this. No, Father! Father... My child dressed as a man to work for her family. Please kill me and spare my child. Please. Please save her! The Lustful Student and his followers, with the flyers and the posters, you mocked the King and the government with false statements. You will pay your sins with death. Tomorrow at 8 am, in front of all the people, execute all these criminals. Yes. Father. Please let her live! Father... Go away. I said go away! Yes! This bookseller confessed that he was the Lustful Student. It wasn't an old man. Take a look. He is not wearing a scent box. This is a daughter of the person who confessed that he was the Lustful Student. She's also a bookseller. She really is attractive. Enough for men to covet. I don't smell her scent. It's not the sweet blood. How do you expect me to find the memorandum from people who are close to dying? Make them conscious and bring them to me. Yes, I will do as you command. Yes. A male's scent from a male, a woman's scent from a woman. That's how is should be. How is that only that woman has no scent? Did he sprinkle Chinese Hawthorn powder all over to protect this woman? Are you saying this child is the Lustful Student? Maybe. Whether this woman is the Lustful Student or she is the one Kim Sung Yeol loves, it would be fun to watch, too. Kim Sung Yeol will be near this woman. Scholar. I'm hurting so much. I'm so sleepy. I want to go home. Yoon! Father! There's no way my father would have committed treason! Father, I'm so ashamed. Just like 10 years ago when I cried and begged to save you, nothing has changed. I have no excuses. I am the Lustful Student. It was so hard to live each day. A life with no hope or dreams was so tiring, so I planned it all. What is the Crown Prince doing there so late at night? Just because the Lustful Student was captured, he must have thought about Crown Prince Sadong. Wait. Isn't he the chief guard protecting the King? But why is he by the Crown Prince's side? Is he trying to protect him, or trying to watch him? Now you must prepare to face Gwi. What about revealing it to the Crown Prince? The Crown Prince won't resent you. By resenting me, he is a Crown Prince who endured his father's sadness. It isn't the time yet. Your Majesty, there is a big problem. The Crown Prince's bodyguard... I hear he got dragged into the below-ground palace. He is someone who knows the Crown Prince is the Lustful Student. What did you say? Tell me again. The Lustful Student is who? Crown... It's the Crown Prince. His Majesty gave a royal command to watch the Crown Prince so I followed him starting from long ago. However, Jo Saeng also knew that the Crown Prince was Lustful Student. That is right. Please save me. I am willing to do whatever you command. If I spare you, will you do anything? Betraying your master for your safety, I have no need of such a servant. I will have to meet with the Lustful Student now. With the Crown Prince, I mean. ♪ My heart is telling me ♪ ♪ My two eyes are telling me ♪ ♪ But once again ♪ ♪ I lie to you ♪ Why are you here? ♪ In case only tears remain ♪ ♪ I case you hurt even more ♪ ♪ On top of my hidden heart that looks for you ♪ ♪ I coat on more longing ♪ ♪ I want to become this rain ♪ ♪ And fall by your side ♪ ♪ As much as ♪ ♪ My heart won't stop ♪ ♪ The more you fill me ♪ ♪ The more I will break down ♪ Did you think that I loved you? It was the first time. Because I couldn't help you, I felt frustrated and pathetic. Yang Sun, just endure it... just endure it a little longer. Father. Father... Father. You can not? Are you saying this because you do not know whose command I came to relay? He drank tonic prescribed by the physician, and he went to bed early. According to the physician, it will be about 7 am before he wakes up. Tell him when he wakes up... that the Elder wishes to meet him immediately over the Lustful Student's matter. Along with the Crown Prince, I daresay. Yes, sir. Did you find out that I am the Lustful Student? Yes. Real or fake. I had to save the real by sacrificing the fake, so I was silently killed by Gwi. Is that what you wish for? I will die. - What did you say? - Even if I die by the hands of Gwi because I told him I was the Lustful Student until the very end, everything you did will be in vain, Grandfather. So save my people, - whose lives are in your hands- - Won't you shut up?! Are you saying you'll throw away your life to save some servants? The thoughts you had while you were the Lustful Student, that cannot disappear! Even if you die, and even if I die, I have nothing to fear. However, what will happen to the people? The citizens who will make this nation live for a hundred, for a thousand years? After your father died like that, for a long time, I was preparing to fight Gwi. Why did you not tell me? Because I wanted you to become stronger through your hatred for me. Even if I die by the hands of Gwi, you must live and get rid of Gwi. You must protect the people of the nation. Only that will make your father's death meaningful. Even if everyone dies, you need to survive. Even if that bookseller and your friend dies. What is your identity? If you are a vampire, you could have eaten me or Yang Sun. Just now, you were worrying about Yang Sun and hugging her. Do you love my daughter? I still can not believe that there is a kind vampire. But surprisingly, 10 years ago you had saved Yang Sun. 10 years ago? Yang Sun is Lord Seo Jung Do's child. That child you saved back then is Yang Sun. Check the perimeter grounds. Yes. Tell me where the memorandum is. Then... I will take responsibility for you and Yang Sun's safety until the end. There's no time! You're right. I'm sure it was him. Just because I grabbed the wrist of a Gisaeng I saw for the first time, I was grabbed by my collar! Are you sure you saw him at Hwayanggak? I said I'm sure! He looked at me as if he was about to eat me. He's someone I don't ever want to meet again. He seems like a person who has a light mouth. (LIGHT MOUTH: TALKS A A LOT/TELLS SECRETS EASILY) This truth cannot be delivered to Father. I will take care of it without leaving any loose ends. If I want to meet Kim Sung Yeol, I can just go to Hwayanggak. It's a medicine that will kill you after half a day has passed. If you take all the responsibility, I will definitely save your daughter. That promise... please keep it. Father. Father. Lords, where is my father? Huh? W-wait, wait, wait just a moment. Father, are you okay? Let's go home now. Since it's been revealed that we're not the Lustful Student, they are releasing us. Really? It's done now. Now, everything is done. Bookseller Jo and her father... Palace, they were dragged to the palace! My Lord. I will wake the Royal Consort up right now and lure Gwi. During that time, I will save Yang Sun and her father who are in the palace. Are you saying you will go up against Gwi again to save that child? I need to save that child in order to find the memorandum. If you go against Gwi without the secret plan, you will just be in danger again like last time. My Lord, Soo Hyang's words are right. Another method- Move! Father, are you sure we're being released? Of course. The Chief Left told me himself earlier that he will release us. Then why are they bringing us here? They said they'll send me back after they check one more thing thing with me so you should go home first. Let's go together, Father. Deliver this to the Lustful Student Scholar. What he's looking for is hidden inside the sanctuary at the Buddhist temple. By any chance, Father... are you talking about the memorandum? I will go as well. You met a bad father and I only made you suffer, I'm sorry, Yang Sun. Go in. Father. Father! Just a moment. Send my child back first. That depends on what you do. I won't try anything. Why do you think I ate the medicine? Why do you think I came here?! Please... Please, I'm begging you. If I go through this door, I will come back out as a corpse. I can't show that to my child. That'll be stuck like a thorn in her heart forever. Take her. Let's go! My father didn't come out. My father is still... Father. Where is my father? Where did he go? Father... Father... Say your greetings. I thought the Crown Prince would be happy to see Crown Prince Sadong. That's why I called you here but it seems like he doesn't like it... King. I heard a fun story. The Lustful Student that ran around saying he'll kill me is you. Are you thinking that I am the Lustful Student by just believing in his words? We already verified Your Highness's secret passage in the private house, and the Lustful Student's hideouts too. Is there evidence that I made the secret passage? I guess that'll come out when we investigate. My history of movements are also based on this person's testimony. Show me concrete evidence that I am the Lustful Student! If evidence that I am the Lustful Student comes out, right here... you can kill me. Bring forth the Lustful Student that you have captured. I will personally check if he is real or fake. Predicting that, I have already called for him. You're saying that you are the Lustful Student? Ahhhhhhhh! If you are not the Lustful Student, say that you aren't right now. Then, I will save you all. If I thought that my life would be saved by a mere vampire like you, I wouldn't have even begun this. Being unable to kill you, dying before avenging Crown Prince Sadong, is painful. This worthless... Won't you shut that mouth of yours?! I'll ask you again. How do you know my identity? Do you possess Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum? I do know. The Crown Prince gave it to me, however, you will never get your hands on it because I already handed it to someone else. To whom did you give it to? Just eat me. Carefully watch how I die. Because the kingdom is hiding a vampire... watch how the people will die just like me. Stop! Like the Lustful Student said, are you really going to announce that there are vampires? If you kill him, how will you explain to the people? As planned, we will kill him in front of the people- Kim Sung Yeol, is it you again? Your Majesty! What's the problem? - The dead Royal Concubine is roaming around the palace. - What? Are you saying the royal concubine became a vampire then? Did you come to save the Lustful Student? As the flyers are being spread at the market today... the royal concubine's body that Gwi had killed will awaken. Why is he suddenly like that? Quickly help him! Are you luring me again? When trust in me falters, then will I reveal everything to you. Right after you left, he suddenly threw up blood and died. Bring all of his followers. I will meet them one by one and I will confirm where the memorandum is. The King's guards went there to bring them here earlier, but the Lustful Student's followers all committed suicide. What? Scholar. Yang Sun, are you okay? My father was dragged away. Let's quickly go to Eum Seok Gol. Your family will be waiting there. I will go with my father. He definitely said we'd be released... He said it was all fine now... Alright. I will find out about it. So go first and leave with your family. My father told me to tell you that he hid the Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum inside the sanctuary of the Buddhist temple. Scholar, why are you like this? Do not look. Please allow me to look. Yang Sun. No... Father... Father. Unlock the doors. Father. This can't be true, Father. Father... father. Father. Father, hurry and get up. Let us go home. Mother and Dam Yi are waiting. Wake up. Father! ♪ I want to become the rain and fall down by your side ♪ ♪ As much as my heart won't stop ♪ ♪ The more you fill me, the more I break down ♪ The Lustful Student that you are hiding has already died. Be sorry a thousand times, or a million times. Never appear before me again. He lived like a dead person for 120 years. Isn't it time for him to be happy now? Have you decided? I killed her... I lost my child. This is the secret plan to get rid of Gwi. I will give you this memorandum. I will also... disappear from the human world. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 