The Scholar Who Walks the Night: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Scholar Who Walks the Night (2015): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Excuse me! Episode 6 Have you seen anyone around this height with big eyes and a pale face? I didn't see anyone like that. Excuse me! Have you seen a man around this height with big eyes and a pale face? I haven't. Excuse me! Please save me! Didn't I tell you that running away is useless? Please save me! Don't worry. You won't die, but you'll be reborn again. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 By now your thirst is burning your whole body. This isn't it. Why are you holding back? Quickly go and end your pain! He went to handout books to the kids in Kwangtong-go, but hasn't returned home yet. What is all this? Lord! Aigoo, this... the scent- He must have been captured. He wasn't there at the station. Go to Soo Hyang. Find the whereabouts of that child. Gwi... He is among the booksellers. What are you doing here? Scholar, how come you're here? You were standing over there just now... I asked you what you're doing here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm trying to find the memorandum. I'm going to be going far away soon. For what reason? What exactly is the reason that you're going this far? How come you're so angry? Does it make you angry just because I want to find the memorandum, so I've come here alone? Because you saw my diary. Because I know that the memorandum you are searching for is not fiction. I don't know where Mr. Wae Son is. So I want to try finding it, one last time. Since I'm leaving soon. Because after I leave, I won't be of any help. This... How did you- Were you looking for me, perhaps? This is the second time I've found this and given it to you. Don't lose it ever again. ♪ Through the thick darkness ♪ ♪ When the moonlight grows ♪ ♪ The moon that I long for rises ♪ ♪ Even in my heart that searches for you ♪ ♪ At the end of the road of destiny ♪ ♪ Even if tears fall ♪ ♪ My only heaven ♪ ♪ I'll wait for you ♪ ♪ When you pass by me ♪ ♪ So we can fly through the night ♪ ♪ Like a butterfly ♪ ♪ That flies in your breath ♪ Scholar, perhaps... last night... Did you come to see me at the pub? I could've been hallucinating. It didn't seem like a dream... but it has to have been a dream. What kind of dream? You gave me leather shoes as a gift. I left them at home. I'm not sure if they're mine. - So, they perfectly fit my feet. - So? You put the shoes on me yourself. So? Even when I'm awake, I imagine so many things. Is this a dream? Or is it not? There's no way. I thought like that, too. After seeing the shoes I just got confused. We're here. Um, I am leaving tomorrow. I found a job already and getting my sister cured... I'll probably stay at Tamna Island (JEJU ISLAND) for a long time. I don't know if I'll be able to see you again. Please find Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum, and meet the friend that you're looking for. Please be healthy. Thanks. You did a great job helping me. I was thankful. It was short, but I'll remember everything. You arrest the Lustful Student before the Prime Minister does. I am sorry to tell you this. But the Prime Minister, who has investigative authority, would not tolerate my interference. But that is a good thing. If you arrest the Lustful Student without having help from the investigative authorities, you are showing the proof to be my rightful heir. Capture the Lustful Student quickly. If you fail to do this successfully, you'll have to give away your seat. One more thing. All the collected Lustful Student's flyers have disappeared. Find the whereabouts of those disappeared flyers as well as the possible spies within; you must find out yourself. We searched from Gwejang-Gak to the maid quarters but we did not find the flyers. A person who can move massive amounts of the flyers without anyone knowing. There is only person in the palace. Gwi, that man. However, the flyers disappeared after the sun had risen. Then there's only one solution. There must be another identity like Gwi. Someone who lives the same way as him. I'm talking about a vampire. Did you find Yang Sun? Real or not, many things did happen. You should pack with me tomorrow. Did you say bye to the children? Yeah. I did... say goodbye. I'll miss you when you leave. Yeah. I think I'll miss you a lot. Thinking of not being able to see you guys again, my heart aches so much. I got another list of the slaves from a government official in Jeolla Province. Good job. Is Yang Sun safe? See if there is a ship departing tomorrow. And prepare a place for her to stay until then. It's late now, you should leave. Is it okay if I stay with you? Not as a woman, but as a friend. This is the first time I saw you devastated. If you don't want me to send her, I'll look for another way. She looked pretty. She was disguising herself as a man to work for her family. And she tries hard to survive. While living a life with no hope for better days ahead, she doesn't lose hope and keeps on trying hard. Looking at her, I thought of my forgotten past. When I was a human, I had persistence and hope. Those memories I can't go back to. Of course, that includes your love, too. It's a short dream. If I wake up, everything disappears. Just send her away. Pack up first. Everyone knows that Yang Sun sold most of Lustful Student's books. There's no way she would be safe. There's no way for her to leave today? Thankfully, I bought the tickets to Tamna. First, let's go to my house. Stay there overnight and leave before the sunrise to the port. Tomorrow? You checked with your own eyes that she's safe, right? Yes, Crown Prince. I checked just as you commanded. You have to make sure that she's safe at all times from now on. Yes. From now on, you are to guard Jo Yang Sun and not me. If by any chance that kid gets arrested or gets hurt, I will make you pay for not fulfilling your responsibilities. I will carry out your order. Excuse me. You dropped this. Thank you, Scholar. I asked you what your military guards are doing. I'm sorry, but I cannot tell you. That's going overboard. - How could you to the Crown Prince... - I ordered it! We are still in the midst of investigating. So we gave an order not to reveal anything to anyone. Am I included as just "anyone"? I am sorry, but yes. There is no time to waste and it requires security. I also received an order to catch the Lustful Student, but... Of course, I must heed your words since you have the investigative authority. I appreciate you cooperation. But please be sure to investigate thoroughly, not leaving any doubts. I worry there might be a rumor that the vampire, mentioned in the Lustful Student's flyer, had eaten all the booksellers. Of course, there won't be any absurd rumor like that to be spread. You can't be too careful at times like this when the public is so weary. The booksellers who buy and sell books fought with swords? Can you believe that? I am suspicious of the Royal Concubine's death a few days ago, too. Such a strong person... without one night... Are you suspecting it is Gwi's doing? I'll have to confirm it. You go to the place first. Yes, Your Majesty. Please let me see the second one. They do have it! What a relief. Will the Scholar like it? According to the list of the slaves we got yesterday, all the surviving guards of the Crown Prince Sadong have been sold to this place. Did you find out who is in charge here? Over there with the gong is the one in charge here. I didn't find anything suspicious but his reputation of handling the slaves is horrendous. 500 nyang per head! I told you to decide. Either you purchase three slaves you are looking for by paying my asking price, or get lost immediately. This is half of what you are asking. I have no use for the slaves used in gambling, so accept this for the price of my questions. I thought you had a lot of money at first glance. You are so magnanimous. Tell me! Yang Seong Joo, Kim Ik Hoon and Choi Kwang. Where are they now? They ran away! They conspired together and ran away all together. It's been about a year now. But why are you looking for them? You don't need to know! Aigoo, I'm so scared. I think the blue is stronger in this round. Have some fun and watch before you leave. You got fooled. How could this kind of crazy- As I've lived, this is the first time I've seen that kind of man. Jung Kwan Jung Ryo... What does that mean? One of the best and wisest rulers in Tang's recording of the Taejong's political strategies. How could this difficult book be here? That is the one handed man. Seeing that he asked about Yang Seong Joo in Pyongyang, he seems to have the list of the slaves from ten years ago. Did they say why they were looking for them? I asked, but I could not receive an answer. If I asked any more, it would've created suspicion. We will communicate with letters for awhile so inform the others. Yes, Your Majesty. Now that the Prime Minister has the investigative authority, we can't just wait for Choi Do Gap to confess. Let's wait. Spreading the flyers by the provinces tomorrow, carry it out as scheduled. Yes. The Crown Prince... Miss, I gave them more than enough to eat. Aigoo! If you give them that much to eat... - they'll all die! - I gave it to them for them to die. Eat and quickly die. How many time have I told you to remove these because of the fishy smell? But... The Sir... cherishes them... How could this happen? Jeong Ah, you bitch! What are watching standing there? Hurry up and bring the workers to clean them up! Yes, Sir! Why are you out here? Your eyes! Do you not even see your father? For your success, you, who gave your daughter away as a food toy for a vampire, how could I see you as my Father? Hyungnim! Your Highness! The Chief Left Minister (similar to the left side of the isle in congress) - is waiting... - As you can see, I can hardly walk because of my cold. I need to rest a bit. So, go tell the Chief Left Minister as you saw it. - Borrower's contract! - Since there is a warrant out for all the booksellers. You leaving for Tamna is fortunate, but I don't know when I'll see you again. Didn't you say I couldn't just let go of 200 nyang like that? If I plan to rip you off, I'd not have taken a risk finding you. Clear money transactions are better for both of us. Write it down as I speak. I, Jo Yang Sun, promise Lee Yoon the following values. To Lee Yoon... I promise... Also, twice a month... Moreover... twice a month... Will let him know my status via letters. ...my status via letters... Never... Never... Never be sick or hurt. Eat well. Sleep well. Come back soon safely. What kind of contract is this? Write it down and put your thumb print on it. Hurry! What should I do? I can promise everything else... - but coming back quickly will be difficult. - No. You will come back quickly within a short time. Tamna is not an outskirt of the village. And because of my sick sister, - I will have to live there for several years. - Watch and see. I will definitely make it work out that way. The Crown Prince is the Lustful Student? How could that scholar who has been drawing obscene materials be the Lustful Student? And the Crown Prince? Does that mean the grandson is trying to destroy his own grandfather? Despite the Crown Prince's playboy facade, I heard no government officials treat him easily. All the government officials who recommended the Crown Prince to be decrowned, are either having their positions taken away or have been executed. How about telling the Crown Prince everything truthfully, and working together? Firstly, I have to confirm... whether Wae Son has Crown Prince Junghyun's memorandum or not. Crown Prince, I will never... I will never give you this. That way, Yang Sun will be safe. That way, she'll live forever as my daughter. Is he still out and about? Scholar. I will be leaving before dawn tomorrow. ♪ Even if the night comes to find me ♪ ♪ It seems like it stopped ♪ ♪ Must have been like the wind ♪ ♪ The more I see it ♪ ♪ Scattered far away ♪ She should just get ready for the departure. Hanging around somebody else's house. I have no idea what she's doing. I am leaving it here thinking it would be helpful for your night reading I will be leaving tomorrow. Stay strong. From Jo Yang Sun. You two, this way! She wasn't among the booksellers. And not being able to meet him almost a whole month, could Kim Sung Yeol have already eaten him? Kim Sung Yeol! Have you used the Chinese hawthorn to erase his scent? Yet there is a still remaining scent despite the hawthorn. I am looking forward to this. Scholar, this is not a dream. Um, Scholar- I'll never be able to forget this. Go to Eum Seok Gol immediately. Are the military guards chasing after me? You must go to the woods as fast as you can. And until daytime comes, never step outside. Understand? How could we be so happy as to meet each other? How long has it been? Am I the only one happy to see you? Alright. The reason you finally showed yourself after 200 years, is it because of the owner of this bag? Do you want to know? Then follow me. Hold on... Are you luring me? The owner of this bag must be great food to prey on... seeing that you are putting so much effort in to protect him. Really... Is he the Lustful Student? Why? Are you worried that he might be holding the secret plan that will get rid of you? You following me like a dog for 120 years, should know things like that don't exist. You would know better, wouldn't you? Then, why are you here? Did you chase after me like a dog because you desired my food toy? That's right. That has to be it. It won't be fun if you surrender too easily. But you will never be able to protect the owner of this bag. I will put all my effort in to catching him to eat. I was looking forward to seeing the man who received Hae Seo's abilities. You were challenging me with that skill level? It seems it's been awhile since you've drank the blood of a human, judging by your eyes. That's why you are so weak. Are you still scared of killing humans? Master, where's master? That's... I was being chased but Scholar appeared- That's why. Where is he?! I don't know. He told me to go to Eum Seok Gol first. Today, I'll rip you and tear you to death. Until you kill me, you'll never be able to leave this place. How dare you play with me like this. I'll kill you! Even though you inherited Hae Seo's ability to withstand the sun, you wouldn't be able to live after losing so much blood. Miss! Miss! Why do you come out so early? Did you take care of business? The sun rose but he's not there. The sun rose though... Did you find the Scholar? What are you doing? He is no where to be found in the woods either. It is the same for the outskirts of the city. Are you sure he said "That person seems to have appeared" before he left? Let's search Daebang-Gol together. Before the sun rises even more, we have to hurry up. I'll help, too. Let's go together. Doing nothing is helping, so stay here. If something bad happens to him, I won't leave you alone. - You said they got on board without any problem? - Yes, Your Highness. I saw Jo Yang Sun and the family getting on board before I left. Alright, you've worked hard. You may leave now. Many booksellers have been captured. I am worried that Gwi is on the killing rampage again. He won't stop until he finds the Lustful Student. The people who lost their family members because of it, they'll hate me more than Gwi. There's no time. After the morning lecture yesterday, the Crown Prince had passed here and met with the people associated with the Lustful Student. I heard early this morning around the Hwasung area, there were flyers spread with information about Gwi. Gwi will probably go on a killing rampage on the innocent people again. You said the Crown Prince told you to guard the bookseller himself? Yes, Your Majesty. The Crown Prince became very close with that person recently. The Lustful Student and the bookseller... It's an interesting combination. Did you say that kid's name is Jo Yang Sun? Yes, Your Majesty. My Lord! My Lord! My Lord! Where are you, My Lord? More, just a bit more... Scholar! Scholar! Scholar! Scholar, can you hear me? Scholar! A doctor. I... O-over there. Over the- Scholar, I'll go call for a doctor. Stay here for just a bit. No... Not a doctor. Soon people will come, so leave. The boat... did you not have a boat to board? I can't leave you alone Scholar. Scholar, Scholar! Scholar! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 