The Six Wives of Henry VIII: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Six Wives of Henry VIII 
 s1e3 - Jane Seymour - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Six Wives of Henry VIII (1970): Season 1, Episode 3 - Jane Seymour - full transcript 
 The King is embroiled with the Reformation, and after the execution of Anne Boleyn he marries the kind and loving gentlewoman Jane Seymour. Will she provide him with the peace and comfort he needs and, even more importantly, a male heir? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (CHANTING IN LATIN) MAN: Hello! Edward! He's here. He's here! My dear boy. —He brought presents! —Welcome home. Presents for all of us. —The King's on his way here. -Oh! You should have warned us. Well, I only knew this morning, Mother, between salt and grace, I had to dissuade him from fetching the whole court on you. -But how many? —Carew, Francis Bryan, about 30 men with him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 God's life. Hey. —For you, my dear. Bruges satin. -Oh, my son. —You haven't brought it. —Haven't I? (BIRD CHIRPING) Here you are, kitten. Straight from a seaman who'd been on the South Island. Oh, Edward. Thank you. -You'll have to make a bigger cage. -Oh, yes. Jane. —Edward. —Jane. Thomas, he must have a very grand yellow one. —Gold, I think, with a silver bell. —Bells and cages. And His Grace coming here at any moment and expecting a banquet! —The King? —Yes. He's coming here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 —I'll order fresh rushes. —And some herbs. —EDWARD: And that musk scent, Jane, for the King. —Yes, and fresh flowers. Sir, this is for you. —That's a beautiful thing. —It's yours, Father. We had your letter. —So you're to marry again? —Yes. —I'm glad of it. —You know her, Jane. Anne Stanhope. —You were at court together. —Mistress Stanhope, yes. She'll suit you, Edward. -Oh, I hope you'll be happy. —Thank you. All of you. Come then. You'll want a bath and change of clothing. —It's forgotten, then? —Long ago, Father. Do you think His Grace will like the yellow bird? MAN: The nine, Your Grace. HENRY: Aha! I have a Cromwell. Your play, SirJohn. —It's an unlucky night. —HENRY: A knave to beat Sir Nicholas! My point, yes. That's undoubtedly where your bird comes from, my dear, the Canary Islands. Oh, thank you, Your Grace. —The score, Your Grace... —No, no. Don't tell us the total, Francis. He's won so much from me on this progress, I shall have to pawn the jewels. As bad as de Longueville, eh? You two were only boys then, but that Frenchman, between the tennis court and the card table, practically paid his ransom. One cannot imagine Your Grace being bettered at tennis. Oh, but de Longueville was a very clever player. Do you remember how he took the Duke, Sir John? The day of the spurs. —They ran like hares, Your Grace. —Didn't they! I always thought de Longueville may have wanted to be taken. What? No, no, too clever. Of course, he was French. (JOHN CHUCKLES) Oh, but didn't they run. That was chivalry, before all this gunpowder. —Yes. It's sad the bowman's passing. —The bowman is not passing, Master Thomas. I think what my brother intended, Your Grace... Ah, Lady Margaret, a splendid supper. Now, if only this pelting weather will abate. Your Grace will forgive me, but there is a monstrous fellow outside speaking of boats and bars. He says he is in Your Grace's service. —Sir Francis. —Dear Lady Margaret, if you'll be kind enough to have the man shown to the King's chamber. He's a locksmith. Oh, don't be alarmed. His Grace sleeps nowhere nowadays without these precautions. I'll see it done, Your Grace. You've been at sea, Master Thomas, or you'd know better. Artillery is all very well, it has its uses certainly. But the long bow will never be superseded. Never. It's widely believed in the West Country, Your Grace, that in a few years, English bowmen could capture the whole of Africa. That's true. And as the country... There's no more pink. Do you think Orpheus would mind it being done in blue? I don't give tuppence for the townsman, he's no stomach for the fight! You know, it's funny, but with him here, the room seems so small. ...will drift into the towns unless they're found employment. We stand in grave danger of invasion, gentlemen, and it's for the landowners to train these men in the use of arms. —In danger of invasion? —(CHUCKLING) Not this evening, Lady Margaret. Sir Francis, you were speaking of the Dormers. As you will understand, we are most anxious to see Jane well mated, now that she and Dorothy are the last of our girls left single. Yes, I think we may have a match there. I represented my niece in glowing terms to Sir Robert Dormer and his wife. Naturally, the boy is anxious to meet with Jane, but I think the only question will be one of dowry. Well, of course Sir John and I are prepared to be generous. Of course. PoorJane. If only she had something to say for herself, not a lot, but something. And so pale. You really must try and keep her out of doors more. But, Sir Francis, it's her natural colour. HENRY: Oh, there are statutes. My statutes. —Do you like him, Jane? —He's the King. -But do you like him? —I wish someone could help him. —The King? —Shh. ...runs there acting contrary to statute. Of course, most of Wiltshire is still champion land, sir. Well, these men should be employed on the road. I've never seen so many potholes. Your Grace, I think it's the brick makers. They come out at night digging for clay and gravel. Well, Aristotle said there are some jobs in which it is impossible for a man to be virtuous. You shall catch them for me, eh, Master Thomas? With your artillery. (LAUGHING) Come, a round, a game! Bryan, Lady Margaret... Where's SirJohn? Girls, all of you, do you know Pope July? DOROTHY: No, Your Grace. HENRY: Oh, it's a splendid game. Sir Francis invented it for us, and no one can say it isn't topical. Mistress Seymour. Carew, make room for Mistress Seymour. Sit next to me, my dear, and I'll teach it to you. The points are matrimony, intrigue, the Pope and the sops. (RAIN FALLING) —HENRY: Still raining, is it? —Yes, Your Grace. Good night then, Sir Nicholas. You, too, Edward. And send the lute away. —Tired, SirJohn? —Me? No, Your Grace. It's a simple life. I envy you. —Girls and hunting. —Will Your Grace require more wine? —No. —You go to bed, Stephen. Girls and hunting. Girls at Lille ran out to us with garlands in their hands, remember? So long ago. —You had a redhead, didn't you? —(CHUCKLING) Yes. What a woman. —How she danced. —Yeah. I hear you've danced again, old man. —Your Grace? —With Edward's wife, your son's wife. Your Grace shames me. -But it was her doing. —And mine. And mine, sir. I heard that you were not to blame, but you find them dark, do you? —Women? —Yes, sir. Yes. —Have the crops been poor here, too? —Yes. They say it's rained since More and Fisher lost their heads. Superstition, sir. Fisher and Sir Thomas were traitors. These last weeks in the marches, some of them didn't recognise me in plain clothes. They blamed the King for their crops. Or the Queen, or the Queen's daughter, the bastard Elizabeth. They hated me, my people. An old man in Gloucester spoke of the birth of monsters and said it was God's punishment at England's wickedness. All my sons put away by stealth in darkness, like things accursed of God. What is your flesh that can get living sons? Am I not a man? Am I not a man like you? You have a son, Your Grace. Richmond is weak, sickly, not like yours, not proper issue. I need a son to succeed me. I've made pilgrimages, I've prayed for him. I think God does not mean me to have sons. Queen Anne may yet be blessed, Your Grace. You're a good man, SirJohn, but you know nothing. Oh, it's... It's stopped raining. —We can go out tomorrow. —There's some fine boar in Maddle Wood. We'll ride out early. Sleep first. (GRUNTING) No dreams. They say that the Bishop... That Fisher's head grows younger on Tower Bridge. But that's not possible. (HORSES APPROACHING) (BUGLE BLOWING) (SHOUTING) Hey, hey, hey! HENRY: Right! MAN: Right! Your Grace! (SHOUTING) (TRUMPET BLOWING) (SQUEALING) Go on. Go on. (SHOUTING) Aha! (SQUEALING AND GRUNTING) Hey! —Dinner, Your Grace? —Aye. Dinner. We caught three boars. Big ones. —Your father's a lucky man. —Your Grace. Very lucky. I remember you in court, Mistress Seymour, but before then, were you ever in a convent? —Yes, sir. —Aha, I knew it. —It has left its mark. Humility and duty. —God giveth grace to the humble. And you're not without grace, mistress. Why do you always look away? I was told Your Grace was averse to being stared at. Oh! Honest, too. Hmm. You were a maid-in—waiting. Why did you leave the court? Why, sir, when Queen Catherine... That is, when the Princess Dowager retired... Yes, of course. (SINGING) Is there a shrine near here? No, sir. The people use that lane on their way into Gloucestershire and the Abbey of Hailes to seek absolution from the blood of Christ. —Oh. You've been there? —Yes, sir. —And seen the blood? —Yes. I have a vial of our Lord's tears. It saved me from the plague once, you know. —I'm very afraid of the plague, sir. —Mmm. You are right to be. So am I. I always feel better in the country. They're crowding to Hailes now since they hear it is to be visited by the commission. They are afraid for the abbeys, sir, for their souls. My commissioners are only anxious to report abuses. They are as good Catholics as you or I, Mistress Jane. —I meant no criticism, sir. Forgive me. —I know your meaning. —Ours is to reform, not to destroy. —BRYAN: Your Grace! —The French envoy, Your Grace. —Oh. Alas, my stay is over. The French envoy's in London. I, too, have my duty. Farewell, little nun. You once asked if Mistress Seymour could be returned to court. Yes, but a match has now been arranged between her and William Dormer. Break it. Hello, Jane. Anne. We are pleased to see you return to Greenwich, mistress. You are made comfortable? Thank you, Your Grace. You have not previously taken the Oath of Allegiance? I was not required, sir. It is His Majesty's wish that all who serve at court now do so. I understand, sir. I, Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury and Chaplain of the Royal House, do hereby require you, Jane Seymour, to answer me upon oath. Do you acknowledge our gracious Sovereign as Supreme Head on Earth of the Church of England? I do, sir. Do you allow the Bishop of Rome, or his servants, to have any authority over you? No, sir. Do you acknowledge the legality of our Sovereign's marriage with Queen Anne? Ido. Do you acknowledge the annulment of our Sovereign's former union with the Lady Catherine, and the illegitimacy of its issue? Mistress? —The Lady Mary? —The Lady Mary. I cannot think but she is the King's true daughter, sir. —Do you know what you are saying? —Your Grace. You stand on oath, and in grave danger, mistress. -Are these your words, or another's? —I speak my own heart. Who succeeds His Majesty to the throne? —The Queen's child. -Name her. The Princess Elizabeth. Then you admit the King's union with the Lady Catherine invalid, and the Lady Mary to be no true issue. To deny this is to allow the supremacy of the Pope. —To deny this is treason, mistress. —I do not deny the union invalid, sir. —Then how can there be true issue? —At the Lady Mary's birth there was true issue, sir. —Now, Mistress Jane, at the Lady Mary's... —Enough, Thomas! —Don't you see she is in ignorance? —Rise up, little nun. Now, you are loyal to your old mistress and her girl, I like that. -But can you not be loyal to me, too? —I am, Your Grace. I am, sir. We are distantly related, you and I. Did you know that, Mistress Jane? I believe so, sir. Through your mother, who is partly descended of the royal blood of Edward III. The College of Arms looked it up for me. Raise your head. You cannot be loyal to me and to the Lady Mary. She is a wilful, disobedient girl. —Your Grace... —We are beset by enemies, France, the Empire. The Pope has charged them to invade us in the name of Mary and her mother, in their title. To support their cause is to support the enemies of the realm, my enemies. —Do you understand me now? —Yes, sir. Mmm—hmm. Will you now acknowledge the Lady Mary to be no true issue? Swear. Oh, it's done. Over. There. Sit down here. (GENTLE CHUCKLE) Jane. Jane. —Your Grace, I beg your respect. -Oh, I have plain feelings. How can I speak to you in a cold frost? When you were taking the oath, I wanted to wrap you in my arms. You cannot, sir. I am to marry Master Dormer. Is he to your fancy then, that boy? —I've never met him. —No. You have not. But, in honesty, Your Grace should not see me alone. Don't be afraid, I shan't harm you. So warm and gentle, I could never harm you. This is a token of our esteem. Wear it in loyalty. (EXCLAIMING) —Less than wise. —I beg your... —A little less than prudent. —My lady. But then we must endure hard justice and bitter blows, mistress. -Wearing the King's image? —He gave it to me. —So we must wear it. —No one knew of it. —She knew. —How could she? Oh, she sees within the stone beneath the shadow. Her marriage night there was an azure cross against the moon. -Oh, poor lady, your neck. —I was startled, madam. Startled, yes. Will you forgive me if I offer you advice, my dear? I think you need it. Go back to Wiltshire now. This is no time for you. The Queen's temper, the Queen's jealousy could mean your ruin. You know how the wind lies. The King is waiting. If the child's a boy, she will ride the world again. If not, you may return. —Mistress Jane, are you... —She is unhurt, madam. And Her Grace must be attended. Her Grace will be violent and will have to be controlled. Remember what I said, my dear. She said to leave court. For my own good, go back to Wolf Hall. I want to, Anne. I miss them. I need to do the ordinary things. —Weigh wool, choose flowers, feel new bread. —Be patient. I was wrong to come again. —Wrong to stay here now. —You were commanded, Jane. —And William Dormer? —He will wait for you. —Whatever I do here? —We will ask Edward. He'll know the right course. Yes. Shall I ever find such happiness as you two have? DearJane, I hope so. For the present, make no decisions, accept no further gifts. As for my Lady Rochford, remember she is still the Queen's sister—in—law, and her intimate. (MAN SPEAKING IN LATIN) ALL: Amen. We are doing everything in our power, Your Grace. My Lord of Canterbury has most ingeniously proved that all passages and scripture concerning the Antichrist refer to the Pope. —The Bishop of Rome. —The Bishop of Rome. And we have shown the people that secularisation of the monasteries will relieve their taxation. -Are you mad, Cromwell? —A portion of the taxes, of course. There are close to 400 abbeys, which will yield Your Grace an annual revenue of over £30,000, in addition to plate, jewels, bells, lead... Yes, yes. But when shall we see all this? —As soon as the due process of law... —The bill's stuck in the Commons. —Has it? —Temporarily. —A few minor objections, legal quibbles... —Well, I'll have that bill, or some of their heads. They've heard the report of the commissioners, that record of corruption. What's their quibble? Once and for all, the monasteries must be put down. It is merely a question of precedence, Your Grace. The degree of guilt, the size of... (SINGING) They're crowding to Hailes now since they hear it is to be visited by the commission. They are afraid for the abbeys, sir, for their souls. My commissioners are only anxious to report abuses. They are as good Catholics as you or I, Mistress Jane. —I meant no criticism, sir. Forgive me. —I know your meaning. Ours is to reform, not to destroy. ...monastic properties, Your Grace. Hmm? I said, Your Grace will remember his promise for the endowment... Yes, yes. Yes, my curate, but Dover first, eh? Our defences first. Are we finished, gentlemen? This leg of mine... —Take the footstool. -Oh, thank you, Owen. —Still that fall? —No, no, the other thing. Buttes thinks it may be an ulcer now. Your Grace must take greater care of his health. Our prayers can only do so much... There's nothing the matter with me, Archbishop, that a little healthy exercise cannot cure. —I'm out of condition, that's all. —The King's right. A few days' hunting... -Are we finished? —Your Grace, the French envoy has been asking permission to visit the Lady Mary again. Let him do so. Let him make the journey. She should be locked up during his visit. Oh, I will no longer live in this constant fear and suspicion of my own daughter! She shall write to me, not to the Emperor! —But, sir... —She has, she's been writing to Charles! I know what goes on behind my back, and these damn papists try to spirit her out of the country. Well, she should be sent to the Tower, tried and sentenced like any other citizen that's guilty of treason. Make out the order and I will sign it! Your Grace, I beg you to consider the consequences. Oh, there's nothing to cry about. I will not have another Catherine on my hands. —But, Your Grace... —Your Grace is, of course, entirely justified, but rather than risk rebellion among your people or, indeed, the danger of interference from outside, perhaps we should make one further effort. I'm sick of effort. I offer her my friendship, my love. You'd think with her mother dead... Give her a good hiding, sir. That's what I'd do. Girls need a good hiding. Your Grace, now the Princess Dowager's influence is removed, she's a fine girl. You're too kind, Thomas. Oh, very well. Howard, you shall arrange a meeting with her at Hunsdon, but she must consent to every one of my statutes, or I shall proceed against her. Tell her that. —Ah, Sir Nicholas, come in. —Your Grace, my lords. And how was Greenwich? The Queen up from her bed yet? Still moping, I suppose. Queen Anne takes little part in affairs there, sir. She spends most of the day with her dogs, setting them to fight on each other. —I can imagine. —I trust Her Grace's health has improved. Oh, yes, my lord. A little. (SIGHING) Well, there's no need to detain you, Cranmer. —Your Grace. —Or you, cousin. You'd better take Bishop Samson when you see my daughter. And she must admit her mother's marriage illegal and herself a bastard. —Nothing less. —Your Grace. —Well, how did she look? —Most charming, sir. Yes. And her answer? —Most humble, sir. -Oh, don't cozen me. What did Mistress Seymour say? She received your purse of sovereigns in the garden, sir. Yes. She returned it to the page. -And my letter? -5/7e returned. -Ur70per7ed? —I pray you, beseech the King to understand by my prudence that I am a gentle woman of good and honourable family, without reproach, and have no greater treasure in the world than my honour, which I would not harm for a thousand deaths. If His Grace should wish to make me a present of money, I beg him to do so when God shall send me a husband to marry. (SIGHING) I like her modesty. It touches me. It shows a seemliness. She reproves us, and rightly, but what a gentle reproof. —Eh, my lord? —Most gentle, sir. We will show our intentions equally worthy. I will not speak to Mistress Seymour in future, except in the presence of her relations. I feel better. I shall ride a little today. If we are to return to Greenwich for Easter, we must stir the blood. Your Grace, I have been considering. My rooms at Greenwich are far larger than my present needs. Would they not be more suitable for Edward Seymour and his new wife? -But where will you live, my dear Cromwell? —I can find a room in the friary, Your Grace. Well, Master Edward would be forever grateful to you. A trifle, sir. And perhaps, since he will be in such proximity to Your Grace, the gentleman should be rewarded for past services by election to the Privy Chamber? My thoughts exactly, Cromwell. My very thoughts. (HUMMING MERRILY) Your lordship never ceases to earn my admiration. Sir Nicholas, do you know one of the highest arts of the politician? It is to devise means by which sovereigns may gratify their appetites without appearing to outrage morality. —Is that the piece? —Forgive me. I'm not attentive. I have heard that William Dormer is to marry Mistress Sidney? —Within the month. —Then I think I shall never be married. —Indeed you may, and higher than young Dormer. —Don't, please. There are doubts as to the legality of the Queen's union. Well, they say she was previously betrothed to Northumberland... (DOOR OPENS) —Edward, my dear. What's happened? —All hell's broke lose. Forgive me. The King has insulted the imperial ambassador. Now Cromwell's breathing fire. HENRY: I tell you no! Can the Pope command angels? He cannot command me! —The Bishop of... —The Bishop of Rome has seen fit to excommunicate me, to anathematise me and pronounce me unfit to live. Should I now kiss his ring? But Your Grace knows that the new sentence is not yet published. He threatens it like Damocles' sword! Well, let him publish, I don't give three straws! We have not proceeded on such slight grounds as to alter any part of our doing. We have laid our foundations on the law of God, on nature, on honesty, and we have done so with the consent of the estate of the realm in open and high court of Parliament! If Your Grace will consider calmly, he will see that Signor Chapuys... No, no, no! I will not sue to the Emperor! All these years he's done nothing but stir the Bishop of Rome to do us injuries. There are still advantages to be gained by an agreement with him at this time, sir. And even by an agreement with Rome. Which would destroy our whole policy towards the monasteries. But by making... Have we proceeded so far in our supremacy to turn back now? No, by God! I am an Englishman. I cannot say one thing when I mean another. I beg Your Grace not to reject an imperial alliance merely on a point of etiquette. -Are you criticising us? —No, Your Grace. —You do. —I do not. —You reprove our behaviour? —No, sir. I... Take care, Cromwell. No one is indispensable to us. If Your Grace will allow me, I will drink a glass of wine. Have your drink, but do not criticise your Sovereign. I was only criticising the value of the Queen Anne's influence on Your Grace. It shows small policy, and less advantage. —I will not be judged by you, you little man! —Your Grace. —Do you hear me? —Your Grace... —I will not be judged by any man! —Your Grace... (DOOR SLAMMING) Oh, that man! Cromwell! Wool carter. Oh, Jane. No, be still. I need your honesty. I am a simple man, Jane, easily baffled. Their minds turn me. —Your Grace is much misunderstood, I think. —You understand me. —I think so, sir. —I only wish to govern my subjects in my own way. —Your brother said you had not been well. —The river mists. I have taken cold, sir. Well, they should keep fires. I will send you a gown, a woollen one. —No, sir, I thank you. —A gown, Jane. A plain thing. You'd take it from a friend. Your Grace, I would leave court. —And if I will not let you? —You must, sir. —Bound to obey and serve, isn't that your motto? —I must obey my conscience. We all must. But to leave us? I would not come between Your Grace and his wife. Jane, God is making all things plain to me. I was seduced into this marriage by witchcraft. Do you know that? A woman wedded in the power of devils is no lawful wife, —and that is why I cannot have a son. —It was a son, sir, that was born dead. —And now she blames me for it. —No, it was my fall that frightened her. I have heard otherwise. So let me go, sir, before I call God's judgement on us. Jane, it was she who urged Fisher's death, and Sir Thomas More's. It was she who plotted Catherine's murder, and now young Mary's... —And I would not be hers! —No, no. A pension in the country? Life abroad? She always favoured France. -But if I were gone? -Her rule would still be ended. —When I was young, I did a fearful thing. —You? I let one of my sisters visit a house where there was poverty and pestilence. I should have gone. I made her go instead. That night a spot appeared on her face. Then two. Dark, horrible. I lived in awe for her. I had no will. I was in darkness. The hours passed while we waited, and she recovered. It was some... Some childish ailment. But I knew then the terror of being out of grace, the indecision, the disorder. And I know it now. —Have you received your Maker? —Yes. —And made confession? —Yes. —Will you see my confessor? —Gladly, sir. And will you trust me, Jane? —Yes, sir. —Yes, yes. In obedience, you are free. Come to the cross. Kneel, Jane. —Almighty God, grant us Thy servants... —Grant us Thy service... —the knowledge of Thy grace. —the knowledge of Thy grace. —Restore our will. —Restore our will. —Our good order. —Our order. —Give us to choose a right. —Give us to choose a right. —Give us to know the righteousness of our actions. —Give us to know the righteousness of our actions. —And bless us, God, in Thy sight forever. Amen. —Bless us in Thy sight. Amen. (LAUGHTER) My lords, ladies, to the King's health. —The King. —The King. Ah, fine supper, Sir Nicholas. Wish I could steal your cook. I'm glad it met with Your Grace's approval. I stole him from you, my Lord of Norfolk! Nicholas, they've not elected you to the Garter for nothing. —Lady Exeter. —Splendid occasion, and timely, very timely. Here, leave the wine. You may withdraw. Sir. Oh, my Lord Bishop, would you... (PRAYING IN LATIN) Amen. —Now to our business. What's this about Cromwell? —He hasn't been seen for five days. —Taken to his bed. —After the unfortunate affair at Greenwich. So, Crom's blotted his copybook at last, eh? Well, it's hardly surprising, if you eat cherries with your superiors, you must expect to get the stones in your eyes. He's clever though, my Lord Cromwell. He'll find his way back somehow. Well, I suppose we're... We're quite certain of the King's inclination? Oh, yes. Mistress Jane's all plainsong. He has no ear for other music now. You must take care she does not prejudice your cause, Master Seymour. She's well instructed, Your Ladyship. Surely the only real problem is how to get rid of the night crow? —The what? —The great whore. His Grace is making discreet reference to the Queen, Bishop. My niece, Boleyn. Damn rude whore. Cromwell's the difficulty, as long as she's got him. Yes, if Cromwell trims his sails now, as he's likely to, he could be more than dangerous. These new men, Cromwell, Audley. You never know what they're planning. —No background, that's why. No breeding. —And there's my Lord of Canterbury. -Oh, Cranmer's quite good family. —Mmm? Cranmer? He'll do whatever the King and Cromwell require of him. That's why he's where he is. Do I detect a note of rancour, Bishop? (CHUCKLES) Does Your Ladyship approve of this new learning? Cranmer's doing. Or the sermons that she hears? All these books circulating against the holy images and our blessed saints. Cranmer again. Now he's bent on this new translation of the Gospel. —Full of heresy, believe me, Your Ladyship. -Oh, I do, Bishop, but I still can't believe in Latin as the only language the devil doesn't understand. Well, I thank my God I never knew what the Old or the New Testament meant. —There's too many bookworms... —Yes? My Lord Cromwell is here, sir. —Here? —Yes, sir, at the gate. —Talk of the devil. What's he doing here? —The man has an agent in every house. Is there a way out through the garden? Sir Nicholas. Your Ladyship. Your Grace. A pleasure as always. Lady Rochford. My dear Gardiner. A brief trip from Paris, I take it? —Yes. Just a day or two. —His Majesty is delighted with your dispatches, in case you have not yet paid him your attendance. —Master Seymour. —My lord. All gathered tog ether, eh? You will forgive my joining your little celebration so unexpectedly, Sir Nicholas, but I felt I must come at this moment to offer you my felicitations. Yes. The Knights could not have chosen better. Some people expected your husband to be elected, Lady Rochford, but I thought to myself, "No, no. It will be Sir Nicholas." One of my hunches. I am seldom wrong. —Would you be pleased to join us, my lord? —Thank you. —A glass of wine, sir. —The very thing. —It's absolutely freezing on the river. —Yes. Very cold for the season. We had heard your lordship had not been in the best of health? Oh, a trifle indisposed, Lady Exeter, but fortunately my disposition is such that I am now completely recovered and so I came to join your revels. I am at your service. Did you doubt it? Come, now. You each have good reason for being here, -you must allow me mine. -Oh, this is intolerable. Pray, be seated, Your Grace. We're quite alone. I have no armed men or witnesses at the door. Ah. This nut. You desire to eat it. So, you must first break the shell. But how? Between the fingers? They are not strong enough. I could, of course, rub the shell, slowly, gradually wear it away. I would eventually succeed. But I am hungry. I am very hungry. I would be famished long before I ever reached the fruit. And so... The secret, my friends, is force, and knowing how to apply that force... to the shell's weakness, the protection of its heart. Is there not a danger, my lord, that too much force may destroy the fruit in your walnut? Not if it is applied correctly, madam. You have all been busy rubbing away, trumping up pre—engagements between Queen Anne and Northumberland. It won't signify. There are only two charges that will stick, treason and adultery. But, my lord, surely some lesser indictment carrying a lesser penalty? I know his mind, his conscience. You do not. Nothing else signifies. May I say, we have long needed Your Lordship. You wish to see your sister crowned Queen of England, Master Seymour? Leave it to me. I am an old hand at it. (DRUM ROLL) (CHURCH BELLS RINGING) (PRAYING IN LATIN) MARY: My most dear Father and Sovereign, I have this day perceived your gracious clemency to have overcome my most unnatural proceedings. My poor heart, [send unto Your Highness, to remain in your hand, and I will never vary from that submission I made to Your Highness in the presence of the Council I pray God preserve you, and Jane the Queen, and send you issue. Your wholly respectful daughter, Mary (SIGHING) Yes. But is she honest? I hate dissemblers. —If she is writing to Charles behind my back... —I'm sure she isn't, sir. —Can you not forgive her now? —How do I know her mind? She's been forced into this by the Council, by Cromwell, by your letters, and quite possibly at the advice of her own party, to save her life. She's always been obstinate and disobedient, it's her Spanish blood. How can I believe her? Because she's your daughter, sir, and you need her. And then there are the feelings of your people to consider. —(SIGHING) Yes, they worry for her. —Yes. (GROANS) (GASPING) —No, no, it's nothing. It's this leg again. —Shall I rub it for you? No, but stay here. You know, Jane, you are a fool. You ought to seek the advancement of the children we'll have between us, not any others. Why should you care for the Lady Mary? —I think of her alone and in tears. —Nonsense. Mary never cries. —They say she's as hard as nails now. —I think she must cry, sir. Not knowing how to keep her honour, and Your Grace's goodwill. If only... When she places her honour before my... Never mind. —If only. —If you could bring her back to court. Do you think she'd thank you for it? Or that you could influence her? I think so, sir. I hope so. For 10 years now... Go on. For 10 years she's lived unnaturally, spending her youth in bitterness and anger. I think she needs Your Grace's love now. How kind you are, Jane. I've never known a kinder soul. (CHUCKLING) If you had your way, my little nun, all the villains in the country would go free. —Yes, they'd all be pardoned. —Mmm. -But I should make a very poor ruler, sir. —Mmm—hmm. —I'd even believe in Louis' horse. —Louis of France? Why, yes, it's an old story my brother Thomas tells. —I was sure Your Grace had heard it. —No, but you tell me, Jane. You know I love a good story, and I always like listening to you. —I can never tell stories, sir. —Try. Come on. I insist. No, I don't insist, but it would please me. Well, then... Oh, dear. It concerns a thief whom Louis condemned to death, some criminal. —Yes, yes? —And this man, to save his life, said that within a year, he could make Louis' favourite horse talk. (HENRY CHUCKLES) "But that's impossible," says a friend of the thief. "Be silent, you fool," says the man. "For within a year, Louis may die, "or the horse may die, or I may die, or the horse may talk." Oh, Jane! That's wonderful! Or the horse may talk! —Forgive me, Your Grace. —Yes? Lord Cromwell is asking to see you on a matter of urgency. Send him in. Or the horse may talk! Your Highnesses will forgive my intrusion. —What is it, Cromwell? —A messenger from York, Your Grace. —There has been an incident in the city. —An incident? An armed rising, sir. Thankfully of little magnitude. They haven't touched our tax commissioners? —No, sir. The Lieutenant is in control. —Well, how did it happen? At the performance of a religious ceremony, I believe. It's those damn papists again. Forgive me, my dear. —Is the messenger here? —Yes, Your Grace, but... No, no, no. I can manage. You keep the Queen company. Get her to tell you about Louis' horse. (LAUGHS) It is of no consequence, my lord. What is of consequence to me, madam, is that I should still be regarded kindly by Your Highness. As indeed you are, my lord. Yet, I cannot avoid thinking that Your Highness has looked upon me of late with some disfavour. I am glad of this opportunity of seeing her alone. But Your Lordship knows me for his constant admirer. You are naturally discreet, madam. I like that. I also am discreet. Your Grace, perhaps, is displeased that her coronation is postponed? No, my lord. I would rather go uncrowned than risk the plague in London. All our subjects know you for their Queen, madam. Do they, sir? —This incident at York... —A pinprick. Your Lordship has surely considered it may be on behalf of the distressed monks and friars? —Ah, now we have it. —The clergy who have lost their houses, or rather... —Yes? —You will forgive my plain speech. Say it, say it. The men and women you have caused to be evicted, my lord. Parliament, madam. Not your servant, nor the King, but Parliament. And whose servant is Parliament, my lord? The clergy have been compensated by Court of Exchequer, madam. A new gown and 40 shillings? Your Grace would defend these strongholds of popery? I was ever taught that Church property is to be held sacred. No, madam. For King Henry V confiscated many priories in his time. Alien priories, my lord, whose money he devoted to the schools and to the monasteries. You have been at the history books, madam. You're too clever for me. But seriously, isn't it better to support the head of our Church and his necessities than to support the sloth and wickedness of these monks? If you had seen these monks and friars as I have in hospitals, in prisons, among the poor, wherever there is danger and a total absence of reward, you would not call them wicked or slothful. And even if the King requires this revenue, yet half the land is being given to his friends. Of course, madam, we must have their goodwill. They are the King's right hand, his armour. (SIGHS) Oh, madam. I am so besieged by petitioners, you would scarce believe it. Why, only this week, two manors in Wiltshire, and the lands adjoining, were granted to your brother Edward. You see, madam, how we are all powerless against the realities of change and State. But any other service. —There is one. -Name it, madam. The Lady Mary. You have advised her well. Now advise the King. Persuade him, if you will, to bring her back to court. —It will not be easy. —No. But as you yourself have said, my lord, "A few words from a man of the world "are worth volumes of philosophers'." (DOOR OPENING) It was the papists, and they will pay for it. My lord, I have come to a decision. At least, the Queen has helped me to it. If the Lady Mary will write to the Emperor Charles, fully acknowledging my statute, —we will fetch her back to court. —Oh! Madam, I must correct myself forthwith. A few words from a great lady are worth volumes from worldly men. The Lady Mary, Your Grace. Your blessings, Sire. Welcome. My child. —Your Highness. —Welcome, Mary. Some of you wanted me to put this jewel to death. That were great pity to have lost your chiefest jewel of England. HENRY: Physician! (CHATTERING) HENRY: Help her. Help her. Why should she swoon? HENRY: Ah, Doctor, help us. Recover her for us. Is she ill, do you think? She looks deathly ill. Wouldn't you, Bishop, if you'd just denounced your mother and owned yourself a bastard? Well, she's terrified. She has learnt to mistrust flattery. Ah, yes, and then the stink of all these Lutherans. Really, Bishop. Give us air, give us air. She must walk to restore the circulation. And there's nothing to fear, my child. We're all delighted to see you here. —My confessor? —Yes, yes, by all means. -But he's imprisoned. —We'll let him out. You shall have all your old servants about you again, Mary Fynche, Randal Dodd and the old man who grew your strawberries, what's his name? -Oh, Thomas Crabtree. —Yes, a splendid old man. —Remarkable. Quite remarkable. —Isn't Cromwell playing a dangerous hand? My dear fellow, it's the Queen who's playing it, and she doesn't even know the name of the game. —I'll lay 50 crowns that she wins. —Done. Yes, you're a very good and obedient girl to write to Charles as you did. —You didn't write to him apart from that, did you? —No. —You haven't ever written to him? —Never. I believe you. And by God's great mercy, you escaped the hands of that damned, poisonous strumpet, Mistress Boleyn. We shan't lose you from us again. Shall we, madam? —No, sir. —You shall come to Greenwich with us. You always liked it there, didn't you? And you liked to ride, I remember. You will go riding with the Queen at Greenwich. Holy Mother, forgive me. I gulled you, I... I'm too weak, I betrayed you. Forgive me. Forgive me, Holy Mother. Forgive me. MAN: Whoa! —Tom, you're home! —Hey! Your Ladyship. Yes, I came through Wiltshire. —How were they all? —Father and Mother still the same, but he's been poorly this month. Dorothy says it's her turn, and she'll be married next year, -but you don't know who. —(CHUCKLING) My little sister. I believe we must congratulate you, Master Seymour, —on being appointed to the Privy Chamber. —Not only that, ma'am. I'm to lead the revels. Tom. HENRY: Christ in heaven. First Lincoln, and now this! 30,000 of them. They're lighting beacons across the hills. But they say they have no quarrel with Your Grace, only with the Council. I have never yet read or heard that Prince's councillors should be appointed by rude and ignorant and common people, have you, madam? —No, sir. —Don't we know, after 28 years, how to govern our kingdom? Oh, they presume. The commons of Yorkshire. Yorkshire, the last place God made. Do they think they're north of the law? Well, my Lord of Norfolk shall show them. He may be a fool, but he's a good soldier. He shall deal with Master Robert Aske and his followers. Be merciful, sir. They bear Christ's banner, his wounds... Oh, yes. They make a holy cause of it. —If you would only hear their petitions. —Their demands! What are you trying to say, hmm? I beg you, sir, by the deep love I bear you, I beg you to restore the abbeys. This can only be God's judgement for putting them down. God and my conscience are on perfectly good terms, madam, and if you wish to follow Mistress Boleyn's end, you will not meddle in my affairs. You have not yet been crowned, madam. Get up! —Forgive me, sir. —You are all ignorant of the truth, but neither you nor any man can make me doubt the justice of our cause! Would Parliament have voted against the abbeys if they'd been of benefit to the country? And yet when the report of the commissioners was read to them, there was a huge cry of "Down with the Church!" The Church for which I am responsible in the eyes of God, was now suspicious and abominable. Are you afraid to speak because I threatened you? —No, sir. —Then you are determined to spite me. Will you admit that I am right and you are wrong? —Yes, sir. —Meaning "No, sir". I know lip service when I hear it. Do you know what you support, madam? Do you? Prelates who build their great houses with alms money, who squander endowments, cut down woods for profit, pawn their plate. Their business is the cure of souls, and service often is not observed because the priest is following his pleasure. We found cases of coining, madam, coining, in a monastery. Sacred vessels melted into sovereigns. Yes. And far worse things, I assure you, which I will not mention for modesty's sake, except that your convents were not exempt from these. So, curb your enthusiasm with a bridle of reason, madam, because Christianity and not monkery is to be the religion of this land! —Do you know the second commandment, madam? —Thou shalt not take the name... That is the third, a natural mistake, seeing the Bishop of Rome expunged the second some time ago. It is "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image". God's law. And everywhere the worship of saints and images and relics has led to nothing but dishonesty, to trumpery! Believe me, Cromwell's men found more pieces of the True Cross in England than would make one whole one. Thomas Becket has two skulls, madam. Oh, yes. One in church, the other in his grave. There's your monks for you, your relics. The Holy Rood of Grace. You've heard of it. Its lips and eyes move at the approach of votaries. Springs and wheels, madam, springs and wheels, a mechanical contrivance. Will you still maintain the purity of your abbeys? Very well. I'll show you a thing. My Lord Cromwell thought it might interest me. Recognise it, madam? You should. It comes from Hailes, madam, in Gloucestershire. Your blood of Christ. You look at it. You look! You don't see anything, do you? Not yet. Perhaps you've not paid for absolution. But spend your coins and presto, there. Now you have it. You are absolved. Except that it is the blood of a duck. Mmm. Which the monks renew once a week. Will you still make a god of the Pope's creatures, madam? Oh... Forgive me, I... Oh, I meant not to show it. Oh, don't cry. I'm a rough man, rough temperament. I've frightened you. Forgive me. No. I am bound to obey and serve you, sir. -Oh, is it so hard? —(SOBBING) No. Don't make me doubt, Jane. Don't. I'm frightened then. It's as if I'm possessed. I don't know what I'm saying, except that I have to strike, and I'll use anything at hand. Oh, where can I hide myself? Jane. Jane... Am I ill, perhaps, in my mind? —Am I? —No. —You're only tired and need to rest. —(WHISPERING) Tired. Rest if I could. I feel so old, and first we have to put down these rebels. Oh, Jane. If only we'd met before. For I doubt now we will have any children. (MUSIC PLAYING) (GROANING) Prinkham, prankham! (CHEERING) (CLAPPING) Oh... (LAUGHING AND CHEERING) (BELLS JINGLING) (ALL LAUGHING) He's dead. Father. Died last week. HENRY: Jane! —My Lord of Canterbury, madam. —Come in, my lord. I could not leave Hampton Court without paying my devotions to Your Highness. That was kind of you. And you must be busy with convocation. Convocation, madam, is at this minute of less importance than the mother of our future heir. —Your Highness keeps good health? —So I am assured, sir. —And has all she needs? —I'm very spoilt, my lord. I venture to express a desire for quail and a cloud of birds descend on us from all parts of the kingdom. But Your Grace must be careful, though. A surfeit of game can prove dangerous to a delicate constitution. —I'm quite strong, sir, really. —EDWARD: This way, this way. —Edward. —Your Grace. My Lord Bisham. The King wants you to know he chose these himself. —Aren't they lovely, Archbishop? —Glorious, madam. —The trial is over then? —Yes. And they're all condemned. All the rebels. Lord Darcy is condemned, and Robert Aske. But the King pardoned him. I saw him at Greenwich. I was there when he gave his promise. His Grace showed me your new edition of the Bishop's Book. He seemed greatly taken with it. It should rightly be called the King's Book, my lord. —For His Highness revised most of it himself. —Yes, I know. He said you criticised his theology and his grammar. His Grace knows me for a great polemicist. I was glad the book admitted purgatory, sir, and that prayers assist the dead. Within moderation, madam, a single Mass is deemed most sufficient. Yes. It were a sorry thing if the dead were not to be prayed for. His Grace and I are only anxious to secure an uniformity of religion, madam, according to the word of God. Now, these are troublous times. May God be with Your Highness and keep her safely. It is unfortunate that the plague has been so virulent as to delay Your Highness' coronation. As soon as Your Highness is abroad from her confinement. These branches should be sprinkled with vinegar, my lord. It's a sure remedy against the pestilence. Ah, at Lambeth, they die at my gate, poor souls. Even in the next house. (DOOR CLOSES) I know my Lord Cranmer is the kindest man, but why can he never leave without mention of the plague? Oh, but I am glad you're out of it. Come, sit here. —So Anne is with child, too? —Yes. —You must be pleased. —Yes. Now we must give you sons. The King says a son is worth more to him than all the wealth of the Church. I think he's never been so hopeful or so happy. Did you see our arms and initials carved at the chapel door? Yes. You're frightened, Jane. Why? —Of the plague? I've always... —No, not the plague. You've... I don't know. We talk so little now, but you've lost something of your calm, a stillness. When we were young, what a brood we were, romping about the house. You hardly spoke, yet if one of us was in trouble, we always came to your quiet hands. —Am I responsible, Jane? —For what, Edward, dear? Oh, you know. You know. I've climbed high. From the Privy Chamber to the Council, —and on your shoulders. —No, on your own merits. And I've been proud of you. I am proud. You're a great man, Edward. Greater than Cromwell because you're scrupulous. You are. Perhaps I'm a little sorry that we no longer agree about the Church, that you accept the destruction of the abbeys. And yes, I am afraid. But you are not to blame, my dear. —Do you fear childbirth? —No. —The King? —No. What, then? Jane, let me help you. I think no one can. I have sought my confessor. I have done penance. I've asked God's forgiveness over and over and over again. I've prayed for it, begged for it. I kneel till my legs and knees are raw and my body fails me. I receive absolution a hundred times and still... I have no waking or sleeping moment when I am at peace. In Christ's name, Jane, what is this fear? Of her. The Queen. The Boleyn? —She was innocent. —Jane. Two grand juries and 27 peers found her guilty. She was guilty. Was she? I have heard... it was false witness. And it was mortal sin! Don't you understand? I should be punished and I'm rewarded! Is this my punishment? To receive none? I don't know, you see. Oh, Edward, dear, I'm in such dark! There's no order any more. No grace, no order. Nothing. (MAN SPEAKING LATIN) ALL: Amen. God, in His almighty and infinite grace, grant good life and long to the Right High, Right Excellent and noble Prince Edward, Duke of Cornwall and Earl of Chester, most dear and entirely beloved son of our most dread and gracious lord, Henry VIII. (FANFARE) (CHOIR SINGING IN LATIN) Thank God you have come, my lord. We've urged His Grace to accept God's pleasure in taking the Queen, —and comfort himself in the Prince, but... —Where is the King? He rides out alone, three days now. Says he can't bear to visit the chapel. You've fumbled it, all of you. What he needs is a new wife. —God's blood, Cromwell. —HENRY: My lords. —Good day to Your Grace. -Oh, it's you, Crom. We're sad company here, I'm afraid. Even my horse is lame. I had to bring him in. —Nothing too serious, sir? —No. There's a body hanging on the bridge by the river. See it cut down. See them all down throughout the land, in case of plague. Nothing must touch my son. Have you seen him yet? —Yes, sir. —He'll live, won't he? My son. He has to live, or there's no reason any more. Everything must be carefully planned for his governance. I want his food tasted. —They say the Dauphin was poisoned. —We will lay down stringent laws, Your Grace. In the meantime, I would urge Your Grace to think of providing for a new wife. —You mock me. —Indeed not, sir. You mock me, Cromwell. Don't rub too sore on my wounds. I shall never marry again. -But we must consider that the child is weak, sir. —No! No. The whole Council urges you to entertain the good of the country, sir. And remember, there will be much less danger to the Prince from other sources if he had younger brothers. At least frame your mind to be impartial, sir. And therefore I would urge Your Majesty to consider the Duke of Cleves' daughter. I said not now! And a Protestant, Cromwell, we must keep a balance. —A French or imperial alliance, perhaps. —In that case, sir, the French Princess would be well—qualified to console Your Majesty in his deep affliction. But not now! —Princess Madeleine? —Yes, Your Majesty. —Or there's Marie de Guise. —Already spoken for by your nephew, James, sir. Oh, does that matter? Yes, perhaps. On the Emperor's side? —Christine of Denmark, sir. -Oh, yes. She used to be the Duchess of Milan. —She has dimples. —Has she? I still prefer Marie de Guise, or this Madame de Longueville. I'm big in person, I need a big wife. For the good of the country. But nothing immediate. —You understand. —Of course, sir. Your Grace, my Lord of Hartford, his tender zeal to his subjects has already overcome His Majesty's disposition. (CHOIR SINGING) —You look ill, Mary. You're so pale. —My teeth hurt me, sir. How long have you been in chapel? Day and night, I suppose. Oh, we must get a tooth drawer for you. We'll take a new nail and make the gum bleed. Remember what you used to say as a child? "Jesus Christ, for Mary's sake, take away my toothache." Cromwell... —I forgot to inform you of the Queen's last wishes. —Yes, sir? She asked at the end that 1,200 masses be said for her soul in the city. But that is my Lord Cranmer's concern. Her other desire, which of course we must fulfil, will be your responsibility, my lord, as Vicar General. The founding of a Benedictine abbey for her at Bisham. You see, my lord, Louis may die, or the horse may die, or I may die, but the horse may talk. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 