The Six Wives of Henry VIII: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Six Wives of Henry VIII 
 s1e4 - Anne of Cleves - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Six Wives of Henry VIII (1970): Season 1, Episode 4 - Anne of Cleves - full transcript 
 Henry has been a widower for two years but political diplomacy and Thomas Cromwell urge the king to choose Anne of Cleves. Will the match prove a triumph or a disaster? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 HENRY: And answer me this, Archbishop. If a Christian king were to find himself alone among the infidel Turk, what should he do? Majesty, after much thought and prayer... He should convert them to the Reformed Church. Happily, sir, the eventuality is remote. Hmm? Would your faithful Duke of Norfolk, your most reverend Bishop of Winchester, ever allow you to goal one among the infidel? What? Would you all follow me? (LAUGHING) A pretty pack you'd make. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 To the death, sir. There is more than enough to be done for the Church here in Europe, sir. There is, there is. I can hardly find the leisure to amend the dogma of the Church. Oh, and that recalls to me, Cranmer. Your bishops argue that Christ empowered his apostles to elect their successors. Is this to say that today only the Church is empowered to elect bishops? It would appear logical, sir. The power of the apostles having descended to the Church. But why did our Redeemer so empower his apostles, hmm? -Clearly, because heconsidered them worthy. -Nonsense. Because at that time there were no Christian kings. Is this not the purest logic? This is a matter, sir, on which prayer has not enlightened me. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It is for the King to guide his people. And now, are the horses ready? I need refreshment after all this toil. One more matter, if Your Majesty will permit. On Your Majesty's proposed marriage... -Oh, not now. -There is new word from France. You see, my Lord Bishop, politics interest him,but not marriage. Two years since Queen Jane died and he's still making pretence of being dainty about a wife. -And so, Wriothesley? -And so we should change our plans. Forget the women. No Queen of England will up turn anyone's policies again. He's nearing 50 and looking more. He's past forgetting everything but that pair of dark eyes. In fact, I have heard... Well, safest not to talk here, but I'll wager any sum we'll have no more trouble about the women now. Well, it's true. It's Cromwell who's pushing him now. Cromwell wants a German marriage. Well, there's some sense in that. A Protestant marriage. If France is allying herself with the Empire, England must ally herself with Germany. -As for the women, well... -There is only one son. This alliance seems to be directed at England. France is bound to form no new alliance with us without the consent of the Empire, and therefore we must assume that France will reject our proposals as to Your Majesty's marriage. To be just, sir, you were perhaps proposing to marry too many ladies. Anne of Lorraine, Marie de Guise, Louise de Guise, Renee de Guise. -Marie de Vendome, Marguerite de... -Who was that little beauty... Oh, no, she wasn't French. Well, with the post of Queen of England vacant, don't they expect me to wait for the highest bidder? It would have been a neat stroke. An alliance between England and France and the Empire is isolated. An alliance between England and the Empireand France is isolated. Well, since they must clasp one another in brotherly fear of England, it will have to be a German alliance. Now, that I like, too. If you marry a German bride, it would of course involve you with an alliance with the various German Protestant princes. That would put the cat among the pigeons. So, who is it to be? I've lost myself in all these princesses. -The Duke of Cleves has two sisters, sir. -Daughters. Since we opened negotiations, the old Duke has died, sir. Was it so long? Oh, I remember. Yes, a fair girl. Flaxen. Oh, yes. That would be pleasing. But mark you, Cromwell, the girl must be bed-worthy. -I'm man as well as King. -No one doubts it, sir. But I fancy it is not the flaxen lady with whom you're chiefly concerned. That would be the Princess Amalie, the younger sister. Our first approach mentioned the elder sister, the Princess Anna. She is said to be a renowned beauty. Well, our usual procedure, I think. -Your court painter, sir? -Mmm. -Is Master Holbein here? -Call Master Holbein. Call Master Holbein. There it is again. He has to delay matters. I think not, Wriothesley. I think you're wrong. I think the King's an innocent about marriage. (LAUGHING) Oh, you can laugh, but he looks to find in marriage what other men find in marriage, three mistresses and a brothel at hand. God, the poor fool. How many more years must he suffer this? Good day, Master Holbein. Your Majesty has another princess for me? Was ever a king more gracious to artists? All the ripe young princesses in Europe have I had the privilege of seeing on Your Majesty's behalf. Your Majesty wouldn't be thinking of converting a daughter of the infidel? They say their women are marvellous finds. No one approaches them but eunuchs. My manhood or my loyalty? Your Majesty, have I not served you faithfully? No, I'll spare you. No Turk. A couple of flaxen Flemish ladies. Then is Your Majesty the Turk? I think the first lady in question is brown rather than fair. Oh, no. I know these Nordic girls. They're flaxen everywhere. Holbein's eye isas good as mine. -Which is the elder? -The Lady Anna, sir. Anne of Cleves. If she's comely, Holbein, take a likeness and bring it back to her ever-adoring betrothed. If not, turn your eye to her sister. God's love, men, I'm no virgin fumbler. Let the girl be straight and let her be sweet-humoured. The rest, the King's rank and the King's person will take care of. (CHUCKLING) Master Holbein, do your work well. My work, of course. And yours? (HUMMING HAPPILY) -Anna Regina? -Amalia Regina? Oh, yes, but keep still, Anna. And peaches and strawberries to eat every day, and a maid to mend your garments for you. Two maids. Two gowns. One to wear and one to mend, huh? -Why not two wives? -One to wear and one to mend. We will both go to England. Ah, dirty. Oh, now you have torn it all the way. But on such an errand, the princesses, my sisters, should have been warned. My dear Duke, ladies of the beauty... Of the reputed beauty of the Princesses of Cleves are never unfit to receive admirers. -Discerning admirers. -My sisters are not your idle court ladies, with nothing to dobut sit in their jewels and sing idle songs. (PRINCESSES LAUGHING) They are good German daughters of the house who leave the adornments... God's truth, man, I paint women not jewels. And if I have to explain to the King, my master, that because of the absence of court dress, the princessesonce again refused to see his ambassador... And his portrait painter. Sisters, the embassy from the King of England. (EXCLAIMING) I present to you, sisters, the envoys of His Majesty of England on this proposed marriage between our two countries. Sir Christopher Mont, Master Hans Holbein. My younger sister, the Princess Amalie. And my elder sister, the Princess Anna. -Anna! -Huh? Ladies, we are most happy to be privileged to see you. The negotiations between your noble brother, the Duke, and my royal master, the King, having reached the fortunate state, it is the earnest wish of my master to behold the likeness of the lady he aspires to marry, -with your permission and goodwill. -And which lady is that, sir? Madam, it must not be thought that the King chooses his bride solely as a king. As a king, he must take thought for his realm, but as a man, he must take advice from where none other can give it, from his own heart. And as  is Majesty, to his own deep sorrow, is prevented by cares of state from coming to please himself, he sends Master Holbein here. If you will permit him, my ladies both. -Not now! -Master Holbein. Forgive me, madam. I am not an ambassador. I am not, alas, a lover. I am merely an artist. When I see beauty, I have neither words nor, alas, deeds. I have only my hands. His Majesty of England commissions me to take a likeness of his most beautiful Princess. -When may we begin work? -Beautiful? You think my sister Anna might please the King? Please? My portraits tell truth about more than a face, sir, and what I paint now will please men 400 years in the future. Please one king? Generations will lament that they did not live to be Anna von Cleves' lover. (GIGGLING) You are very kind, sir. Here in our simple life in Cleves, I had not seriously thought, but now it seems that I must. Perhaps you would be even kinder and instruct my ignorance? I know nothing of England. You know everything a highborn German maiden needs to know. English queens, sir, are not precisely highborn German maidens. Then your King has something to learn. My sister has been most carefully taught. She knows nothing of music and dancing and dress and such doings. They only encourage lovers and lead to expense. Which reminds me, there's still to be discussed the question of the dowry. If the ladies will forgive us? -Now, sir, as to the dowry... -The dowry, yes. But I was saying, Sir Christopher, our father, now, was a man of great foresight. I'll make no secret of it. We are a noble family, but it was our father who established us, in the eye, as you might call it, of Europe. Oh, more than the eye, the pivot, the cockpit. "Cleves," he said,"might one day dictatethe fortunes of Europe." -Yes, he was a man who liked to dictate. -It's a manly liking. "A woman," he said, "could be as powerful as a man so long as she were knowledge able." So, he educated her. She is a most exquisite needle woman, but she sometimes takes too great an interest in men's affairs. -Men's affairs? -Politics. And, in particular, you must tell us about the King. Oh, we are provincial here, but we come to hear about such things. They say that King Henry is the most handsomest and most courtly king ever born. (LAUGHS) The handsomestand most courtly king ever born? Now, how, madam, am I to tell you about the King? Norfolk! (GRUNTS) Norfolk! -I do not call a third time. -Beg your pardon, sir. I needed a word with my niece, newly come to court. The... -The Lady Catherine Howard. -I have no time for nieces, nor so many Howards. I am a betrothed man, Norfolk. Or very nearly. -The Protestant woman? The Princess? -Mmm. -The contract's not yet been signed. -But your intention is firm? Oh, unyielding. Mont writes from Cleves that Holbein is more than happy with Princess Amalie. Or is it Anna? You petitioned for employment? The Howards, sir, live to serve our King. And your family. "I know my niece and I know my tools." When I need your services, I'll take them. Yet you use men like Robert Barnes, use them continually. A Lutheran, a heretic. A rank heretic. A friend of Cromwell's. Robert Barnes? Nonsense. He's no heretic. He's a learned man and a good diplomat. I use him for the German court. You'd be no use to me there, Norfolk. You'd be like a thunderstorm to a bowl of fresh milk. Here. Ah, marriage is the only estate for a man. And sons, Norfolk, sons. We'll have a string of lusty princelings around the throne. Is the Prince's health no better, sir? Edward's health? Nonsense. It's a childish cough. All children have them. But a King needs sons. Sons! When I am married to my adored... Oh, God's body, but I must have the girl's name. Where's the man that can tell me? Cromwell! My Lord Cromwell is likely with his Lutheran friends, sir. I rule this kingdom, Norfolk. I say when one Protestant or one Catholic is too many. Sir. I offend His Grace of Norfolk. You exist, and you don't urge me to marry a Howard. Aye. He's just brought another to the court, a Lady Catherine. And he hints that you favour heretics. On Your Majesty's orders, I negotiate with the Lutherans, but you, sir, know that I am a faithful son of the English Church. Oh, I know who'sa heretic and who isn't. And who do you imagine he accuses with you as a heretic? Robert Barnes. Barnes? The Duke's invention begins to fail him. It's his intelligence. Take warning from Norfolk, Cromwell. Never give way to malice. It turns the best men into fools. -Malice, sir? -To be such a fool as to imagine I could be persuaded to do without a tool as useful as Barnes or yourself. And while it's in my mind, when are we to have the portrait? I'll sign nothing until I'm satisfied of her beauty. -My little Amalie. -Anna, sir. Hmm? -Your little Anna. -Oh, yes. Anna. Ow! It's the clasp. It's broken right through. We do not much use our court dress here, Master Holbein. Paint the clasp tomorrow, when we shall have mended it. And the lace, too. But at leastyou find the dress proper for the portrait? Then as for jewellery... -Sold. -You must paint me without. -HOLBEIN: What? No, impossible. -Nonsense. Madam, if I am to paint you without court jewels, then I must paint you as I first saw you, without practically anything. -It would be the fuller portrait. -And for a husband. -Very well. Amalie? -Hmm? Oh! -These are my richest jewels, paint them. -Ah, the devil take them. The King will give all the jewels in England. I am painting you. Oh, then paint in the crown. Facing me exactly, yes? You will look at me all of the time, if you please. -Hands, so. -So. Ah, you must hold a rose, of course. An English rose. -So. -So? Madam. Oh, your pardon. Like this? This? Forgive me, madam, I was wrong. Hold your hands as seems natural to you. -You can talk as you work? -Yes, if you will stay still. Tell me about England. Well, Your Highness must understand that the King's troubles are all concerned with France. -I don't need to know that. -Madam? I am the seal on the alliance of England and Germany against France and the Empire. Nobody knows the politics of it better than I do. No, no, Holbein. Tell me what I need to learn. The clothes, the manners, the dances. I'm not easy, I confess it. He has even agreed to waive the dowry. Well, we couldn't have paid it. But my sister will be penniless! He needs the alliance now. God's truth is laid between France and the Empire if it lasts no longer than the decorations they put up to celebrate it. -Surely the King mustknow this. -Is he the man to wait, cap in hand, for friends? There's a great deal in that. And then, of course, he's been unmarried for two years. Does a king need to marry to find a bedfellow? Though it's true the King of England has shown a curious passion for marrying his paramours. He seems to imagine his presence in bed sacrament enough. Who the King dares to take, the Church, Pope and God must acknowledge. -But mark me, Chancellor... -I have, my lord. The contract will be unbreakable. Our lady may be going to a doubtful husband, no friends and no money, but once the contract is signed, she will be safe. I swear to that. Married to the King of England to the end of his days. Hmm. Or, of course, to the end of her days. (HOLBEIN LAUGHING) What is it? Oh, it's too quick! Too quick! (BOTH LAUGHING) Master painter, you were engaged to paint. My Lord Duke, the Princess needed my help on a matter of great importance. Manners. The dances, brother, the fashion able dances. How am I to learn in time? And all the lacks in myeducation? No music, no dancing, no knowledge of fashions. -What am I to do? -Sister. I have been applying myself to the matter of your marriage contract. When that is signed, no lack of music or dancing can harm you. I am afraid, Holbein. What am I going to? The King is delighted with the portrait, I hear. Your usual good fortune, Master Cromwell. The marriage contract is to be signed, then? Our congratulations, Master Cromwell, on your success. Thank you. -The girl's a heretic. -My lord, she is nothing of the sort. She is a faithful daughter of the Church. Like us, she does not acknowledge the authority of the Pope. It's part of your plot, Cromwell. You'll take us all into league with heretics. You'll regret it. So, the King approved the little German princess. I hope he can find the happiness with her he found with Queen Jane. -And the Princess herself? -Delighted with her fortune, I suppose. -You must think more kindly of your tools. -Your tool, too, Archbishop. The King is committed to the Protestants in Europe now. Cromwell, you pressed very hard for this alliance. You don't hurry the King too fast? No one hurries the King. I am his servant. Nothing else remains for me. -Norfolk troubles me. -He sang always for the England of his fathers. He has some foolish plot with the prettyHoward girl as bait. Do they think the King will be caught again by a pretty face and a guarded maiden head? No, I suspect there's more a foot than a pretty Howard girl. There's persistent talk of Robert Barnes being a heretic, -and Barnes is knownto be a friend of yours. -Barnes? Barnes is safe enough. He is a King's man. King's man. Madam. Oh, madam, your complexion. Wind, snow, cold, the worst of things for the brown complexion. Oh, Lotte, Lotte, have done. This face of mine has taken the German airfor over 20 years, and 10 minutes of Channel snow will make no difference. The King's complexion, as we all know, is most delicately fair. His bride must not offend him. Now, be graciously pleased to sit down. I am not graciously pleased to do anything here in this dull Calais, delayed by this dull weather, overlooking this dull, dull, dull English Channel. (SIGHS) I have learned a card game where you put down the cards, you count the points, you win or you lose, so. It passes the time. It's better than this. (STRUMS TUNELESSLY) -Is that in tune? -No, madam. Why not? I am willing to learn. Why will nobody tell me what is in tune? Ah, now, for whitening, for softening, this lotion of mine has not its peer in Europe. Many queens have begged me for the recipe. If you had used it before, against so many years of neglect, of riding in all weathers... The King likes women to ride in all weathers. He does not. He likes women of delicate complexion. -Queen Catherine... -Madam, will you never learn? The Princess Catherine of Aragon. We are not in England yet. Queen Catherine, he dearly loved, and she was a good rider. She invariably wore a veil against the weather, and no doubtthe reason why she was eventually divorced was that not even that preserved her complexion. Now, we come to your hands. You're using the cream, night and morning, and press... Oh, enough! Enough of it all! I am what I am, and nothing will change that. If only this gale would drop and we could be quickly on our way to England. Ah, my little bride, longing for her bridegroom. And how do you suppose the bridegroom is feeling? Ah, yes, a good hunt. The King was always the finest rider in the realm. I can remember times when... (SCREAMS) Man, take care. -Footstool. -Footstool. Footstool, quickly! HENRY: Quickly. -I hear it was a good hunt, sir. -Yes, good. (LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING) -That music... -The New Year revel, sir. (GROANING) -You've ridden far. You really should rest. -Better, better. -New Year? -The music, sir. No, fool, why should I remember the New Year? That's what I ask. The Princess Anne of Cleves is in England, sir. Tonight she lies at Rochester, tomorrow she... Tomorrow? You say tomorrow to a bridegroom awaiting his bride? Clothes. Clothes fit for the bridegroom. Food, more wine here. But Rochester is 30 miles away. You've been riding all day. Sir, I beg of you. Beg? You think your King's a weakling? But the Princess will be taken unawares, sir. She will not be dressed to receive you. Ready for bed, hmm? What could be better? That's a picture we couldn't send Holbein to take. Riding dress in half an hour, horses in an hour. The gifts we chose for the Princess. Quickly, let me see them while I eat. Will you permit us to ride with you, sir? Those of you who can keep up with me. (CHUCKLES) And so long as you remain secret. No announcement, no state. We will say... We will say that I am a messenger sent by the King. She receives me. When we're alone, I reveal myself, not the King, but the lover who can wait no longer. -Sir? -(LAUGHING) Cromwell! You shouldn't have let me forget. Today, I am the ardent lover. -Now, you understand? -No. It is not the King. You will not use court ritual. You will not raise your eyes, you will not speak and you will not turn your back on him. -But you said I wasn't to come out backwards. -Watch. Oh, the Princess' maid. Now, be careful. What was that noise in the courtyard outside? A messenger from the King, madam. Come to inquire after you. -Let me see to your hair. -But I can't receive a messenger like this. Oh, you are not in your shift, and he can carry back more news of you like this than your husband has seen yet, or why should he have been sent so late? (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Come. Madam, His Majesty the King has been graciously pleased to send a messenger to inquire after your health. -May I admit him? -Willingly. So, this is to be the Queen of England, eh? (GROANING) -His Majesty has sent you, sir? -Yeah. That was most kind. I see the journey has tired you. Twice as far would have been nothing, madam, so long as it was to your side. And does England please you as much as you will please England? The journey, these lodgings, your attendants? Are they all you could wish? One finger lifted, and all England is yours. Everything is most comfortable, thank you. (CHUCKLES) And while we hear your views on England, we will take a cup of wine with you. Go on, go on, get out. -Your woman may leave us now. -Leave Her Highness alone, sir? It's not manners in Cleves, mistress? Well, just here, manners are different. I shall be within call, madam. (HENRY CHUCKLES) (EXCLAIMS) Oh, to be Queen of England, what greater glory could any woman wish, hmm? When I was young, what was England then? A little country. Absorbed in its own affairs, disregarded in the councils of the world. Here. -Oh. -Who feared England then? When we signed the Treaty of Lille in 1514... -It's 13. -Madam? -The Treaty of Lille was signed in 1513. -Mmm? -October. -Oh. The 17th. What a pretty thought to prepare yourself for marriage by familiarising yourself with your husband's triumphs. But... There are better ways of pleasing a husband. I am not dressed to receive visitors so late at night. That's a mighty pretty piece of silk, but nothing so fine as what it covers, hmm? Sir, this is too much. If the King were here himself... -But he is. -Oh, where? Sweetheart... behold him. (GROANS IN DISBELIEF) I tell you, it's becoming a new profession, tinker of marriage contracts for queens of England. Well, no one's going to break this one, believe me. Is this the way to think on the eve of a Christian marriage? Yes, on the eve, it is. If only forthe sake of the bride. As for the morrow... (HENRY GROANING) (ANNA SCREAMING) The Princess. -My procuring has been successful. -Yes? -Then why are you so uneasy? -No. There was no need. He has settled the German alliance and he has signed the contract. -Did you catch a sight of her? -Yes. I thought she had a sweet face. It may be she's what he needs. What we all need. Can I rest easy for a night or two, I wonder? Ah, you haven't the trick of it. Do you ever rest? No. I'll work myself into my grave, if they let me live so long. Oh, tomorrow. Let a servant take them tomorrow. Sir? I am ashamed that men have so praised the Princess. -I like her not. -Sir? I like her not! I'll see you in the morning. -That sweet lady. -And of that sweet contract. By God, I should have trusted no one but myself. This matter touches me too nearly. But, sir, the portrait pleased you well enough, and it is admitted to bea most lively image. For that that is not entered into the portrait... There's the evil odours about her. -Her form is most... -Enough, enough. I complain... I complain only of the marvellous good words I've heard of her. Her face, her form, her bearing so queenly, her voice... Oh! (GROANING) I've not been well-handled. But, sir, the Princess is a stranger in this realm and likely confused as to her great destiny. But she will learn, she will learn. She will bear you sons. And who will doubt that the Majesty of England will be the best of teachers? So, this is the happy bridegroom. Catherine, Anne, Jane, three happy brides. And not so long ago. So, I must put my neck in this yoke you have prepared for me. My lord, were it not to please my realm, I would not do that I must do this day for none earthly thing. (GRUNTING) The bridegroom, gentlemen, is ready. And in Christian marriage, must the wife not be submissive to her husband? A signed contract is not yet a Christian marriage. It is a promise you have put your hand to in the name of God. Archbishop, how is it with your wife? -You know I'm married? -It was whispered about in Germany. -I know you hide it in England. -Yes, we hide it. There were times when the King seemed to favour a married clergy. I had hoped... Why do you ask this? Archbishop, remember your wedding night, and then imagine mine. Madam, my dear wife lives in obscurity and danger. We can meet seldom. We bear this unhappiness because we think it our duty. My Lady Anne. Anna, we work for peace and toward a Protestant Church. We think this worth much unhappiness. Can you not bear your share? Peace as a Protestant Church. I must fix my eyes on one thing alone. And yes, I have promised to marry this King. Archbishop, the bride is ready. You need to give me your hand. (WEDDING BELLS RINGING) (LADIES LAUGHING) (MEN CHEERING) What, no music in the wedding chamber? What's love without music? (LAUGHING) Let the musicians draw nearer. (MEN CATCALLING) Leave off! Wedding done, bedding done. Ladies and gentlemen, you have our leave. Go on, then! (PRAYING IN LATIN) Amen. -A tiring ceremony, sir. -It is our duty, madam. The most tiring part is yet to come. -You will take some refreshment? -No. Then you will allow me. I am not used to these long hours. I must revive myself a little. Oh, come here, wife. I have heard that you are very skilful at card games. I have all the skills of a man, wife. I learned the card gamebefore I came to England for your pleasure, sir. My pleasure, wife? But I am not very skilful. If you will graciously please to instruct me? I will indeed. Here. Kind. But in music, I fear, not even the greatest of masters can teach me much. (STRUMMING TUNELESSLY) Madam. -That is not in tune? -No. It sounds well enough to me. (SINGING) Madam! But surely you will play to me? The King is reputed such a wonderful master. No, I will not play to you yet. We're not here for music. Now come on, Anne. We're married now. When we met in Rochester, we... Well, we didn't agree. Let that be forgotten. Sir, our meeting at Rochester was the subject of gossip throughout the court. Gossip? -What did they say? -That I did not please you, my lord. Oh. Oh, I beg your pardon. I thought that you meant... Oh, no. That I did not please you, my lord. How can you bed with a woman who does not please you? Can eventhe Church command that? Yes, it's true that such an impediment might hinder... My God. No, let that be forgotten. Anne, come on. Can any honest woman thrust herself upon a man who is repelled by her ugliness? Yes, if it is her duty. And you are my wife! Repelled by her ugliness? Particularly in view of the bad news from Germany. What bad news? The League of the Protestant princes is about to break up. Hesse is going over to the Empire. Hesse? Nonsense. He's one of the leading members of the League. You don't believe me? Very well. But are you satisfied with the news from Germany? Is there now avering in the League? The league is ramshackle... What is amiss in Hesse? -Do you know that? -No. Would they advertise it? But Hesse is of the Empire, however Protestant its rulers may be. -Now, if the GermanLeague breaks up... -And England tied to it. Ah, not yet. Ours is a political marriage, sir. -It's celebrated. -But not consummated. That would fox them. Keep them guessing as to my intentions. (HENRY CHUCKLING) France andthe Empire can't remain friends for much longer. Am I married to the German League or am I not? But we're married, Anne. -No? -No. (GROANING) Jane. Sweet, sweet Jane. ANNE: That's right. Pull the needle through. Pull, and back again. That's right. (GROANS) Oh, my pretty. You shouldn't sew in this evening light. I think you should run along now. Let me see. (CLOCK CHIMING) Oh, yes, my Lady Elizabeth. That will soon be a very fine shirt for your brother, the prince. And your father, the King, will praise you for it. Just one tiny knot there. Shall I, without letting anyone know, just put right that tiny knot? Yes, madam. Hush, then. WRIOTHESLEY: You must be mad. You work against the German alliance, which was made by Cromwell. You work against the Queen because the marriage was made by Cromwell. God help us, you even work against the harmless man, Robert Barnes, because he's a friend of Cromwell's. Yet when was Cromwell ever stronger? -He has the King's favour in everything he does. -No, you have it wrong. We work against Cromwell through Barnes. -But he's done nothing! -What does innocence matter? Barnes has a foolish tongue. I can see to Barnes. -And then? -He'll burn. Burn him twice over for all I care. How will that bring down Cromwell and the Queen? For mark this, to bring down Cromwell, you must first demolish this German marriage. It is no marriage. -It may be now. -It is no marriage. Well, you have your spies in her household, I suppose. That flaxen-haired niece of yours. But the contract is signed. The Queen is living at court as queen. No. The King seldom goes near her, the court ignores her. She's neither married, divorced, nor beheaded. Christ, can we go through that again? -If we have to. -We have to. The alliance between France and the Empire grows weaker every day. At any moment now, the King must make up his mind. Is he with the German Protestants or is he not? Is he married to this German girl or is he not? And so... And so, Wriothesley, now is our time to strike. Bring down the German girl, we bring down the German alliance, and Thomas Cromwell at the same time. So, we attack Barnes as soon as may be. (MAN AND WOMAN GIGGLING) We should not be seen plotting. Well, it seems that the plots are yours. Very well, I'll leave you. The Howards always had a brief way with them. But Wriothesley is right, you know. The King looks on Cromwell with all his favour. He looked with all his favour on Wolsey, too. Times are very different now. The Pope, the so-called Queen. Times, popes, queens, they have nothing to do with it. The King will have no strength in his kingdom greater than his own, and Cromwell is the most faithful of servants. But the lion of the forest strikes down every rival. That's very true. So that our plots need do nothing but keep the victim well within reach of the lion's paw. Mmm-hmm. Norfolk, do you ever give thought to what follows when we're successful? When Norfolk is the King's greatest servant? Do you remember Flodden, Winchester? It was the Howards that won that great battle. How times were merry in England before this new learning came in. I see little hope of merriment in the future. Perhaps the Howards will go where the other great families have gone, into the urns and sepulchres of mortality. No, one chance of merriment I do see, to pull down thispeasant's son, Cromwell, with my own hands. (LADIES LAUGHING) Ladies, ladies, please. What is this noise? Oh. Oh, we... We didn't know you were here, madam. It was so quiet in coming from the court. Yes, the Queen's apartments are not gay like the King's court. Well, and so the new caps have arrived from the milliner? Yes, and the new silks from abroad, too.Oh, such colours. Would it please you to see them? From abroad? Lotte, have them fetched. -Oh, can I... -No, no. They're too heavy for you. -Show me the caps. -This one is the one with the seed pearls. -Too plain, I think. -Oh, but very rich. Though if it had a knot here and here in gold bands. -Yes. -No knots. That one is altogether to my favour. Oh, beautiful, beautiful. Yes. We must think carefully about this. Oh, this. Oh, now, carefully worked in gold. Crisscross, a pearl in each space. Oh, madam, they're much more thickly than ever you wear. Such fashionable trimmings don't suit me. They're for little fair girls like you. And so are these. Lady Margaret. And Lady Frances. (EXCLAIMING) -For us? -Madam, you're always so kind. But where is the fairest of the little girls? The flaxen one? This one was for her. Oh, Catherine Howard? She will be here this evening. -Shall we take it? -No, no. I'll give it to her myself. And I shan't need you for another hour now so run away and try on your new caps. Thank you. Safe for an hour. It's the flaxen one, is the Howard's spy. They're all spies for someone. It does no harm. Now quick,Lotte, the green velvet. The truth from Hesse, I hope. If we know that. No news at all. My brother says he's sending a messenger. A messenger to you? Haven't you told him the danger? I have writtenin words of blood until my fingers ached. Lotte, some plan to hide this messenger? A plan? When six spies watch if you speak to a gardener? Have I even found a gardener who'll speak to me? Oh, Lotte, I thought I was coming to a gay country. Oh, for some merry company. -Madam. -Hmm? -(WHISPERS) The letter. Hide the letter. -Why? Sir, you are intruding. These are the Queen's apartments. Mistress, I am at fault. I was waiting in the pleasant evening air and strayed here innocently. I hope I have not disturbed Her Majesty? But would it be possible for me to make my apologies in person? -Her brother, the Duke, has honoured me with... -My brother? Lotte, the doors. Your Majesty. It was never my good fortune to be in Cleves at a moment when I might be presented to you, but to see a daughter of Cleves, a daughter of that Protestant Church we have fought for for so long. Sir, my movements are watched. Give me your message, please, as quickly as possible. -Message? -From my brother. It is some months since I saw your brother, since I was last in Cleves on embassy. My name is Barnes, Robert Barnes. You disappoint me, Master Barnes. I had hoped that you had seen my brother later than myself. I think I have read some of your works. I'm sorry I disappoint you. I will be honest with you. I was walking outside awaiting my Lord Cromwell, and when I thought that I could reach your window unobserved, I made so bold as to try. I have no message. Only a message of loyalty to our Protestant Queen. Is it so impossible to obtain audience of me? Madam, no one knows, so it is safer not to try. You must not blame men for looking after their own safety. I do not. I sympathise. The King has employed you, I know, Master Barnes, on many embassies to Europe. -What late news have you? -Little new. The German alliance is uneasy, and I have forebodings. These Protestant Princes, they are weak alone. They must unite if they are going to hold up against the Empire. More, they must have England behind them. It would be of advantage to the King. It would clinch his great reforms of the Church, but he hesitates. He hesitates. I greatly fear that the hope of some worldly success may tempt him to... Master Barnes, I have heard much good of you,but one thing evil. You talk unwisely. Madam, I preach only the dogma propounded by the King himself, his great reforms of the Church. His Majesty has my most pro found devotion. I think I've proved that. I worked faithfully for him these many years. You put your trust in princes. I honour you as an upholder of the Protestant Church. Its life is precarious, madam. We must all give of our best. Night by night, I think of it. Day by day, I work for it. And I sit at home and think of my maker. Madam, you rebuke us all. Man's chief aim in life is to glorify God. And yet, while we sit and think of him, the Pope has slipped in with some cursed alliance that separates city from city and treacherously extracts taxes from the faithful. Is this battle of the Churches all that there is in life, Master Barnes? (LAUGHING) Madam, what else is there? Why, saving a child from unhappiness. Lotte, the work. This must be done before tomorrow. A child, a single child. It would be against scripture to deny that that would be acceptable to Christ. But to us, who have given our lives to the true Church, what is a child's misery? Master Barnes, you seem to be a good man, but you have said one of the most wicked things possible. Pray, say something to restore my liking for you. Madam, what can I say? My life has been given to the true Church. Then you are the stuff of martyrs. Let you be happy while you burn. Madam? Robert. It seems the Queen's apartments have become a thorough fare. Madam, I come to guard your privacy rather than to break it. I saw that Robert here had come this way. I would have taken him off, but... -You were talking of burning? -I spoke in irritation. I will leave you to your tryst with Master Barnes, whom I am happy to have met. -I had also hoped to obtain an audience, madam. -Of the Queen? We have interests in common. We visit the same merchants, but we bargain for different goods. And lower our voices in the open air. If my Lord Cromwell risks coming to the Queen, the Queen must risk my Lord Cromwell. Lotte, the wine. -Madam, I... -You have travelled much in Europe, -Master Barnes? -These last 10 years, madam. I was first in Wittenberg to see Master Martin Luther in the year 1531, -and then I was thereagain later to secure... -Robert. To secure for the King approval of his divorce from Queen Catherine. I beg pardon, the Princess of Aragon. The King's inclination to the Protestants is far from new. But Luther would not agree. His argument was an interesting one. There were those whom intended the marriage could not be dissolved because it had been consummated. -Now this point was one... -Robert, will you never learn to be discreet? Be quiet, my Lord Cromwell. The subject of the King's divorces is of interest to me. Am I wrong in thinking it pertinent toyour errand here? Madam, I wish that half of my clerks had half of your good sense. I take it then that there is nothing in the situation that I need explain to you. You have had a grand design, an alliance of all the Protestant powers of Europe against all the Catholic powers. -I am a small part of that design. -You are not a small part. I need your help. The help of Anne of England, who not even the King ever visits? Madam, I know why. I shaped your fate, your Majesty, but you shape mine. If you fall, I fall, if I fall, you fall, and with us both falls our English Church. You... I'll never say it. Queens are one thing, but you... -Robert, your tongue. -Tongue? -Well, perhaps I spoke in haste, madam, but I... -My Lord Cromwell, they say that you have never been higher in your King's favour. So I smell my danger. Do neither of you yet know this King? Have you heard none of the things that are said of him in this land that 30 years ago adored him? Oh, I read the reports as they come to me. When the King has a fall, they wish it had broken his neck for him. If the King knew his subjects' true feelings,they say he would quake with fear when he rode among them. Jesu, they even say that Thomas Cromwell had been an honest man, if he had an honest master, and what worse condemnation could there be than that? And they are right. You are married to a monster, madam, God and His Holy Church defend us. A monster who knows nothing, sees nothing, cares for nothing but his own will. And you remain his servant. What other kennel would hold me? And now my ruin is in your hands. I have been speaking treason. I take it that you have honoured me with your confidence. You have alsomightily puzzled me. Why have you come to me? Madam, I do not inquire into the secrets of the marriage bed, but I know my master. Will you hear my conclusions as to the state that we are all in and the one solution that I see? Madam, you are the only solution. -The King does not visit me. -No, madam, but he needs you. A wife who could offer him quiet at his day's end. Peace at his life's end. I think she could be my King's salvation, and in his peacewould be England's hope of peace. You speak persuasively. Almost as persuasively as His Grace of Canterbury on my wedding morning. You set me three problems. Whether I agree with your view, whether I have the will to act as you think I should and whether I have also the ability. You must give me time. Time? The spring draws on, troubles mount in Europe, the German League squabbles, France disagrees with the Empire. What is happening in Hesse, God alone knows, and you talk of time? If you forgot your papers sometimes, you would discover that more things go on inthe world than politics. Yes, you and I, Master Barnes, have had words on this. -Words? -Young children shamed. Honourable ladies brought to deaths or despair. God bless us, my Lord Cromwell. God bless all the kings and rulers of the Earth. Have you never counted how sweetly life goes on with never a thought of your existence? Did the milk ever curdle in the mouth ofthe popish babe? Did the corn ever grow higher because it was sown by a good Protestant? God, madam, is merciful to the sinner in the hope of his amendment. And man, sir, takes on too much in speaking for his Maker. But the Protestant Church is foundedon the very word of God. And I would rather comfort a shamed child than save a dozen churches. (DOOR BANGING) (BOTH EXCLAIMING) (SCREAMING AT EACH OTHER) Lousy servant woman! Kitchen whore! -German tart! -This lady would interrupt you. Madam, it is not the place of your serving woman to say whom you will see or not see. If Lotte chances to know that I'm occupied, Lady Frances, -your good sense should lead you to listen to her. -Madam. Your Majesty, an envoy from your august brother of Cleves. His Excellency, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cleves-Julich with Guelders. -Madam. -Sir. I bring so flowery a garland of greetings that it will add lustre even to thatvery moon of beauty that was born the adorable Anna von Cleves. Ah, sad, sad Cleves to have lost her. Happy England to have her forever beaming upon them. Cleves, sir, seems to have gained a new chancellor since I left. Here, madam, is the humble devotion of every soul in the land you once graced. And here, the lifelong homage of this servant of your beauty, now at your feet. And here are the fraternal greetings of your ever-loving brother. Brother. And there are yet two sisters, a brother-in-law and several dogs. -Dogs. -At least do not disappoint the dogs. So... Guards! So, madam. This is how you pass your time in your husband's absence, hmm? (LAUGHING NERVOUSLY) I see a lucky man. Madam, your noble and fortunate husband. Majesty of England, delighted. My lord, allow me to present to you an envoy from my brother, the Chancellor of our duchy. Whom you, madam, receive alone. By God, madam, is this not treason in a queen? Am I alone where my husband can enter unannounced? CROMWELL: Sir. Her Majesty is not alone. I had withdrawn while she heard her family's greetings. (GROANING) What kind of conference is this? Behind my back, plots, hmm? What business, madam, have you to talk to my minister? My talk, sir, was with Master Barnes. I have read his works with interest. Oh, Robert Barnes, good day to you. Well, if you must read divines, madam, you can do no better than Robert Barnes. He's thoroughly sound. He knows my mind. Oh, your pardon, I have not yet presented these gentlemen. My Lord Cromwell, Master Barnes, the Chancellor of Cleves. I am of course well acquainted with His Highness. -Highness? -Highness? What a devilish chance. Disguised in my wife's apartments. Sir, you are not acquainted with His Highness, the Landgrave of Hesse. -Hesse? -Your Majesty. I wonder if he has come to enlighten us as to the situation in Hesse? Perhaps he has. But first of all, he will enlighten us as to why he is in my kingdom, disguised, unannouncedand in secret conference with my wife, who is trying to hide his identity from me? Queens, madam, may commit other treasons than adultery. Secretconference with a woman? Do you think me mad? Madam, I beg your pardon, but let us retain our good sense. Certainly I come to England in secrecy, but to the King. And how better to approach His Royal Highness, but by way of my German compatriot, his beloved wife? I am delighted at the success of your scheme, sir. May I wish your conference equal success. Wait. Are your women discreet? They were chosenby Your Majesty. It is for you to judge. Well, madam, we shall so far try your patience as to use your apartments for a little longer. Instruct your servants not to disturb us. Is it, sir? I must either summon my ladies to my bedchamber or wait in the court outside. -Hmm? -Or it will be thought that you and I... -Oh. -But why should not Her Majesty stay, hmm? A feminine wit for feminine matters. She may even be of help. Feminine matters? Your country's twisting in the Protestant League has kept Europe troubled for months, and you talk of feminine matters? It has happened before. And will again, no doubt. No, pray, let Her Majesty stay. Let my Lord Cromwell stay, too. It will concern him soon enough, no doubt. And Master Barnes here knows the German courts as well as any Englishman. Brother Henry, I need all the help I can get. Herr Landgraf, we have been hoping for months that you would take up your position as one of the leaders of the German League. And defy the Empire, hmm? I would very willingly do it, but for one obstacle in my path. One woman. And that is why I have come to see Your Majesty. -To me. Why? -She is my wife. Brother, advise me. How am I to divorce her? -Well? -The Queen is moving. The King is with her in her rooms. There are instructions they are not to be disturbed. -But they're not alone? -They are together. The King dismissed the guards. Her ladies are refused entry. -Well, you suggest? -Well, she's young. She's comely. He's been a bachelor for two years. Oh, Lord, help you for fools. Do you never take account of a woman's fears? She can entice him to her bed or she is cast off. And what happens to cast-off queens in England? Landgrave, I cannot advise you. I've never been divorced. Well, annulment, execution, divorce. The effect was the same. You rid yourself of them and you did it legally. How? I need to rid myself of my wife. Otherwise I must submit to the Empire. Submit? Renounce the Protestant League? Give up the cause of the Church? Church? The true Church in Europe? It would go down. The King would never agree to an alliance with... I am sure the Landgrave has your attention, sir. -Proceed, Herr Landgraf. -Thank you. Briefly, I have got myself into a damnable tangle, and all because of this wife of mine. Now, Master Barnes, you know her. -She seems an agreeable woman. -Oh, she is, so execution is out of the question. I have not a complaint against her, except that I can't abide her. I can't bring myself to her bed. God saves, but a man must have a bed he can climb into at his day's end. -Sir, we feel for you. -HENRY: Madam. Herr Landgraf, the solution to your difficulty seems to us, simple. -Get yourself a mistress. -Oh, but I can't. That is, of course, I have. A charming little love, but I cannot go on sleeping with her as my mistress. -Well, why not? -It's a mortal sin. I can't take the sacrament. Madam, suppose that every time this fortunate man, your husband, came to your bed, a consciousness of mortal sin impeded you both. Would you both not long for more comfort? Sir, we were speaking of the German alliance. -Yes, well, I had not yet finished my story. -Ah. So I took advice elsewhere. I consulted Martin Luther. -Oh, and what did he advise? -To commit bigamy. (EXCLAIMS) I always said Luther was no scholar. I think the same solution once occurred to you, sir. In connection with the Princess of Aragon, was it not? It also occurred to the Pope. There were biblical precedents. (CHUCKLING) There are indeed! Luther named them all. So, I did. -Did what? -Commit bigamy. And if one wife was hell, two turned out to be hell, death and damnation. It leaked out. And, of course, what we had all forgotten is that I am by law a subject of the Empire. And in the Empire, bigamy is punishable by death. -Death? -I'm on a short rope. Either I abandon the Protestant alliance or I'm executed for bigamy. I had always thought Luther a man of God. But were we not talking of what politics does to men of God? And life or Luther, what sensible man would hesitate to choose life? Men have chosen Luther, Herr Landgraf, and died in the fire for him. Master Barnes, there's only one man you have a right to urge into martyrdom and that is yourself. -If that were to be my fate, sir, I should... -Robert, there is no talk of your burning. I hope not. Though the flames do disturb my dreams sometimes. I beg your pardon. I interrupted the Landgrave. So, in order to obtain my divorce, I must once more become a loyal subject of the Empire. Unless Your Majesty can show me a way out of this tangle. Now, can you? (GROANING) Landgrave, I can't. Then it's the Empire for me. -And not the Protestant Churches? -And not the German alliance. That is a subject you and I must discuss further, my Lord Earl. Sir? So faithful a servant, Cromwell, you are now Earl of Essex by my pleasure. I know how Your Majesty rewards his faithful servants. My gratitude will be as long as my life. To the continuing glory of so pre-eminent a queen. Drink, Landgrave, simply to the happiness of Anne. And my thanks, Master Barnes, for your spiritual advice. -We did not agree, madam. -No, but it cleared my mind wonderfully. My Lord Earl, you have my leave. You dismiss me? It has all been said. Your Majesty. -Ah, my Lord Earl of Essex. -Our felicitations to my Lord Earl. The King indeed holds you high in his favour. -I thank you of your kindness. -Kindness? My Lord Earl. -Is His Grace of Canterbury within? -I believe so. I have an urgent need of him. Forgive me. You had a speck of dust just there, my Lord Earl. Dust, which some would call decoration. -My Lord Earl. -Not you, Archbishop. Stand silent a little. My lord? For a learned man, you're mighty slow in your wits. You've done some shameful things in your life, and you're likely to do more before you die, so how is it I find such comfort in you? -Comfort? I have never any to give. -No? I fancy when that King in there, that arrogant bag of diseased guts and crazed pride, at last comes to die, he will only go in peace if he has your hand in his. What comfort can you need? I've seen the warrants ready and the pen dipped to sign them. Few could have been favoured with such clear notice of their deaths. Will you pay a debt for me, Archbishop? You have credit with me. Stay, Tom, until the King leaves the Queen tonight. Whatever happens, there will be a ladyin dire need of comfort. Comfort again, and my hands so empty. What will happen? The more I know of that Lady of Cleves, the more I wonder. -Punch is good on an April night. -Yes. -Are you trying to keep me here? -But you have not dined, sir. Ooh, is that chicken? (LAUGHING) Seethed with almonds. Oh, beauty. We're alone. Is this some trick? -Husband, we were alone on our wedding night. -What do you mean? If our marriage is to be valid, it was consummated. If it was consummated, it was on that night, when we were alone. -So, madam, you think you have me? -Only if I want you, husband. If now I was some foolish young girl thinking only of the title of queen, or if I were so forlorn as to be frightened by what happens to unwanted queens in England, then I might affirm that our marriage had been consummated. Might mention that contract on which my brother spent so many hours. -That contract. -But then I am not so foolish, husband. Not all the brothers and kingdoms and churches in Christendom can contradict us, so long as we agree that our marriage wasnever consummated. And so, it should be easy enough to have it annulled. Annulled? Do you think I would divorce you? You cannot help Philip of Hesse. Hesse will fall to the Empire, and without Hesse, the German League will fall apart. Oh, you never really liked that League, Henry. The part was too small for you. You wanted to be one of the great three of Europe, not simply a leader of many small states. And so, you see, the reason for our marriage no longer exists. Our marriage may be as though it had never been. You dictate to me? Oh, I assure Your Majesty I understand his pleasure. You mean that... You mean that you would accept? -Yes. -Would you really? Without resistance? Without legal battles and years and years of senseless arguing? Yes. -You would do as I ask? -Yes. -I've been saying so for some time. -Madam, Anne... Anna, give me your hands. Both, both. Mind you, I do that without prejudice. In homage merely to a woman who can discuss marriage without, without... -With sense. -I salute you. And I do not accede to your demands. I have made none. I have acceded to yours. Oh, you won't be ungenerous, Henry. You are far too great a king for that. Now, you will give me a household of my own, just to show that there is no ill-will between us. You will let me stay in England, hmm? You will let me see your children. Oh, I love your children, Henry. They're all so like you. In their different ways, of course. The chief pointnow is to free us... You, from this marriage. And then you can make another approach to the Empire, -which by then will be free of the French alliance... -Anne. (BURPS) You're right. You're perfectly right. I am no petty German princeling thinking myself mighty because I defy the Empire. I am Emperor and Pope myself, in all but mere name. What other man in England has ruled both kingdom and church? Yes. I must talk and walk with emperors, or I cannot be all that I am. But, Anna... Anna, I need also a wife. We laughed at Philip of Hesse quite rightly. He needs pity. What do you think happens when he gets into bed? His consciousness of sin becomes... (LAUGHING) But he's right. A married man should be faithful to his wife. Utterly, utterly faithful. # As the ivy groweth green and never changeth hue # So am I, and ever hath been (COUGHING) # Unto my lady true # I wrote that. I forget who for. -But Philip of Hesse? -By the passion of Christ, he's right. All men are sinners and kings. Kings, all these women thrust sin upon kings. And all, all, all for their own glory. No. No, there was one. And it ended too soon. But if it hadn't ended... What was I saying? -Yes, about peace. -Peace? For I am not as other kings, I am not as other men are. In anything, I pursue, I pursue. I can find women, but peace? Yet it came, it did come once... Twice. But even three times, always with women. Anna. Anna, if I had a wife I could be faithful to, a beauty, yes, but chiefly kind to me. Quiet at my day's end, peace at my life's end. Oh, God, what is my life's end going to be? If I could find peace, peace... Peace, so that I can attack France. Anna, Anna, save me from these women because they will have me married. They will take some pretty wench and some great family and parade it in front of me, and I'm a man. An old man. And she would make such a fool of me. Oh, such an old fool of me. Anna, Anna, save me from that. And if I ever find a man who called you ugly, I shall have him hanged as a traitor. My beauty, my queen. My wife. (SNORING) (CRYING) Now, there, there, my child. Come now. Now, come. -You don't need comforting now. -Oh, yes. -Yes. -Oh, no, no. Just cool your head a little. Now, come now. No more weeping now. Yes. Yes, that's enough. Now, listen. Tell Cromwell his cause is lost. -Tell him to save himself. -Anna, Cromwell knows this. He has seen his death already. -And Robert Barnes? -Barnes, too. Oh, well, perhaps it must be. I pray it will not be the fire for him. For anyone. We all dream of those flames. There is still time. Tell them. -Let me have no martyrs. -Every good needs its martyrs, even the hatred of martyrdom. Leave us to the ends we need to find. Now, you must pray. I am very happy for your salvation. (PRAYING IN LATIN) (SNORING) (EXCLAIMS) Oh, I must have dozed a little. Such a warm night. And in the middle of so important a talk, and with so much business so well settled. Hmm? -The annulmentof our marriage. -Oh. So it's settled? Our marriage was never consummated, but we remain friends. Friends. We must agree... Friends. I could call myself your sister. Your Majesty's most loving and obedient sister. May I ask Your Majesty's leave to call my ladies and retire? Madam, er... Sister. Your brother... Your... Your loving brother wishes you a very good night. Sister! (LAUGHING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 