Medici: Masters of Florence: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medici: Masters of Florence 
 s3e1 - Episode #3.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medici: Masters of Florence (2016–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - Episode #3.1 - full transcript 
 With the political situation much worsened followed by his brother's murder, Lorenzo is firm on risking everything to save his city which is excommunicated and family, which now includes his deceased brother's son Giulio. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Love... Hey, it's time to wake up. Good morning. How did you sleep? Good, mama. Hey! You! Where is the Gorini woman? This way! This one, right here! Giulio... Come, Giulio. Come, Giulio. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That time we hoped would never come, is here. Fioretta Gorini, open the door! I know you'll be brave, whatever happens. - You know I love you. - Open the door or I'll break it down! I know you're there! Hush. Go to Father Timothy. He knows where to take you. Break it down! Fioretta Gorini, your son... Where is he? I have no son. You've got the wrong house. Lies. Where is your son? Where is he? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's not here. Here! Here! He's getting away! Find him, now! Let's go! No sign this way! Check around the back! This way! Giulio! Come here! Over here. Listen, we must go to your family, to Lorenzo de' Medici. Lorenzo? I've painted the corpses of eight men. When will it end? When every man, who is responsible for your brother's murder is dead. One more must die. At what cost to yourself? Any cost. And to Florence? Sync and corrections by btsix No. Father! You said we would play chess. Maybe. Did I? Tomorrow. How's that? - I want to play now! And you said... - Piero? Come on, your father's very busy. Go and play with Giovanni. Pope Sixtus has threatened war. His army is less than a week's march from the city. Why does he not attack? You're pale. I'm tired, that's all. Because you don't sleep. You cannot carry this burden on your own. You must let others help. At least, let your wife. What are you thinking? No, no, no, no, no! Come on! What did I say? No, come on! What did I say? Come on. Your father's very busy. You can play out here. I'm Girolamo Riario, ...Lord of Imola, Vicar General of Pope Sixtus's army. I bear a message from the Holy Father for Lorenzo de' Medici. - Go home, Riario! - Conspirators! You dare to enter our house with my son's blood still wet on your hands. I could kill you, right now. Well, speak. Sixtus offers Florence peace. On what terms? Go to Rome. Beg for the Lord's forgiveness of your mortal sin. His sins? The hanging of Bishop Salviati in his holy vestments. Right, right. And Sixtus approving the butchering of the Medici in God's house, that's not a mortal sin...? And if Lorenzo does not agree to Sixtus' terms? His Holiness declares Florence excommunicated. There will be no baptisms until he does. The Pope is determined to guide the people of this city back to the right path to freedom, ...from the grip of Medici tyranny. What, by not allowing man, woman or child to receive the holy sacrament? Let the people choose between their love of you ...and their love of God, Lorenzo. Thanks to the tyrant Lorenzo de' Medici, ...your city is excommunicated! This is a cynical political move. By closing the churches and cutting the people off from God, he hopes to turn the people against us. He's a Pope, but he's also a man. In all matters except doctrine he's as fallible as any other. Do as he asks. You want me to beg forgiveness for the man - who condoned the murder of you son? - Want? No. But what are the alternatives? War? Our city can't afford to see any more of its sons die in vain. - Giuliano did not die in vain. - Then what did he die for? Venice is threatened by the Turks and has sent no troops to help us. Milan is still paralyzed while the young Duke's uncles all maneuver to become regent, and Naples, with the largest army of all, commit to neither side. We have no allies, Lorenzo. We stand alone. Where are you going? I must speak with the Priori. I need their support. And say what? I don't know. Go! Go! There's been enough waiting. Where's the boy? Speak. The boy escaped, sir. Your dagger. Hand it to me. He's only a child. He's a Medici. Messer Medici, may I have a word? - Messer Medici? - You stand back! What? What, will I slap your master's... ...face with my fat clerk's hands? It's alright, Vanni, Vanni. I'm sorry, friend. I've got business with the Priori. Like Aesop's mice. They'll suggest all you need do is hang a bell from the cat. Messer Medici. For Sixtus to declare war on our city ...in the aftermath of this conspiracy on the pretext that we hung one of the conspirators, ...is a sick joke. But to excommunicate it is a crime. Hear, hear! Messer Spinelli. All Sixtus asks, is that Lorenzo asks forgiveness. I simply will not ask forgiveness of a Pope who allowed my brother's murder. You see, Messer Spinelli here, like Aesop's mice, finds it easy ...to propose impossible remedies. If I go to Rome, I'll be killed. It's that simple. And Florence will be seized by Riario. That's what he wants. And we've all heard how he rules in Imola. Crushing any dissent with an iron fist. Is that what you wish here? No! No! Never! Ardinghelli. The churches are being locked. The holy sacraments are forbidden to us. People's prayers go unanswered, confessions unheard. Soon the dead will lie unburied. At least consider the Pope's offer and see an end to this excommunication. Messer Medici. We must not accept peace at any cost, but on our own terms. Then you will make a counter offer? That's what I said, Messer Ardinghelli. Good. Vanni? - Messer? - I'm going into the church. I'll be outside. Come with me. Every time. Damn you. Again! Anyone would think you enjoy being beaten... Well, one day you'll lose at something. - You think so? - I know so! And it'll hurt you more. How's that? You never lost at anything. And I'll be there. Oh, I'm sure. To gloat. To pick you up. Messer Medici... Do I know you? The Prior at Saint Marco sent me to close up the church. But if you wish to pray, I would be happy to join you. No, no, I don't wish to pray. Father? Sixtus threatens the poor with eternal damnation in order to benefit himself and his family. Does your Prior approve of such a view? Do you? Do not confuse the Lord with those who are supposed to serve him. Rome is now a sewer of profanity and ungodliness in which the Pope and those around him swim. That's true. The people don't seem to see it. If you wish them to see Sixtus as a man... ...who cares only for what benefits him, ...show them that you are different. Thank you. - Father...? - Girolamo. Girolamo Savonarola. If it's charity you're after, go to the convent of San Marco. I'm Father Timoteo. The boy's mother, Fioretta Gorini said to bring him here. Let them in. Come. Fetch Maria and tell her to bring food - and clean clothes. - Let me see. Why did the boy's mother tell you to bring him here? Madonna, this boy's name is Giulio. He is the son of Giuliano de' Medici. Did you hear that? I heard it. And you have nothing to say? Well? What, you don't believe it? Well, you don't think it's strange he turns up now? His name is Giulio. The boy could be anybody's bastard. A ruse to profit from our grief. He is your brother's son. And there's no doubt in your mind? I know for a fact that he and this... ...woman, Fioretta Gorini, were involved. Half the women of Florence were involved... ...with Giuliano at one point or another. Come, Piero. Let's go see where Giovanni is. My mother sees what she wants to see. Whoever the boy is, he's clearly damaged... ...by whatever has happened to him. Just let him stay for it for a day or two. Please, if-if not for him, then for your mother. Alright. Thank you. I want to send a message to the Pope. An offer of peace? On my terms. You were successful. I played the errand boy for my uncle. I must have Florence. Sixtus will see sense eventually. Eventually? Don't you understand anything? Sixtus' power is ephemeral. When he dies, he'll leave me nothing. No kingdom, no army, no money. I must have real power. You still have the dream? Every night. The assassin opens my throat, a ghost without a face. The Medici will not rest until I am dead. And I cannot sleep until every one of them is buried. Bread and a florin. Go with God. Thank you. There's no more, Madonna. How is that possible? - Take me to the Prior. - Yes. I'm sorry. We'll be back. Madonna Medici. Sorry to disturb you, Prior. But there was not enough coin today for the poor. While we eat from gold plates. Bearing the Medici crest. Gifts... ...given for the glory of God and not for that of his humble servants. The poor also benefit from having beauty around them. Does it deaden their hunger? Intransigence is a form of arrogance, Father Girolamo. Please, reflect on that. I will ask for donations from the convent's other benefactors. We will give more to the poor. Thank you. My family will also give more. Come. Greet your cousin. Giovanni? - Hello. - Piero. He's not my cousin. He could be anybody's bastard. Never say that again! Good bye. Listen. Know you are safe. I'll never let any harm come to you. Come. You're a good Christian to intercede for those less fortunate. It is my duty. I've found helping others allows me to find a measure of peace myself. And the Prior is a good Christian also, Father. What's going on? They believe God has turned his back on them. Madonna! Madonna, help me! Look! She's sick. And she cannot be baptized. And if she dies she'll burn in hell. I beg you... Ask your husband to help. Dearest Carlo, I trust that despite your imprisonment you are safe. I do all that I can to secure your freedom. And though it may not be tomorrow, it will be soon, perhaps in exchange for Sixtus' nephew, Cardinal Raffaele. A young boy claiming to be my brother's son was brought to us. I recall his mother, though whether he is Giuliano's son I cannot say. When I look upon him, I see he already carries the weight of the world upon his shoulders. At least the youth that Giuliano and I shared was carefree and full of laughter. - Lorenzo. - Cardinal Raffaele. Well, clearly you've not suffered too much discomfort. All I lack is my freedom. Well, when Sixtus took my uncle Carlo hostage, I had no choice. I've never wished to be his enemy. He didn't want to be yours either. He's a good man. And you, a naïve one. I'm here to set you free. You may return to your uncle in Rome. And in return, I trust that he will not harm Carlo. Why would you do this? I wish to make the Pope a peace offering. And you will carry it to him. So, now that I'm no longer your jailer, you can offer me a drink. There will be no attack on Florence until I'm ready. The excommunication weakens Lorenzo's grip on Florence ...and makes it possible he will... ...surrender to your will without a war. I'm glad you see it. But if war becomes unavoidable, ...it must be won quickly. It cannot be allowed to drag on, with the loss of many lives on both sides. No, only Naples has the military might to crush Florence decisively. If we agree to share the city, its army will march on Florence with us. And naturally, excommunication must be given time to have its desired effect, but it might be prudent to make this request of King Ferrante now... So that if, God forbid, war becomes inevitable, ...we are prepared. Raffaele. Nephew! - Are you harmed? - On the contrary. Lorenzo treated me well. He wishes to make an offer of peace. Cousin, I'm so pleased to see you safe. You must understand that nothing but a personal act of contrition could convince the Pope to forgive his sins. He offers all of the territories, which the Papal States have lost to Florence in the last twenty years. And his demands? Only one. Well? What is it? Admit your part in the conspiracy, Holiness... The murder of Lorenzo's brother. I told you. I made the offer on my terms. Yes, you knew that the Pope would never accept such terms. Because he approved Giuliano's murder. Is your hunger for revenge more important... ...to you than the people of Florence? They don't understand that this is political. They're scared. In fear for their souls, for those of their children. A woman in the San Marco convent came to me asking for your help. Her child is dying and cannot be baptized. These are the people that stood by you... ...in the wake of the conspiracy, Lorenzo. And now they look to you to protect them. What about Carlo? Did you think about... ...what might happen to him if you did this? Sixtus knows it would undermine his authority if he were seen to harm a priest. And Riario? He murdered the boy's mother. I understand. The Pope has rejected my offer of peace. There will be war. We need to act immediately, buy in extra supplies, recruit mercenaries to fight alongside our own city militia. Messer Spinelli, proceed. Did you make this offer without the approval of this chamber? I made the offer on the advice of this chamber. Well, if that is the case, we should have been given sight of the detail before any such offer was made. It is the Pope that is at fault, not Lorenzo! It seems that nothing will please Messer Spinelli. First, he wants peace at any price and then only on his own terms. Our citizens believe God has deserted them and have no stomach for a fight, while the Pope's army may already be marching on Florence! The question... The question is not what Lorenzo has done. The question is what Lorenzo will do now. It would be wise to send word to King Ferrante of Naples now. Confronted by both our armies, Florence... ...might even surrender without a fight. I need time to think. About what?! Forgive me, Holy Father. Lorenzo's offer was an insult not... ...only to you, but to your Holy Office. You must act. I must pray. See that Carlo de' Medici is released. He is innocent in this. As was Raffaele. Thank you for your support. I can't believe that Ardinghelli would insinuate ...that you of all people, would undermine the Republic. Yes, that's why there's rather a long history... The mice are still asking you bell the cat, signore. Excuse me, Tommaso... Who are you, Messer? My name is Bruno Bernardi. And how can I help you? “The course I think would be best for you, is to follow me. And I will act as your guide, and show a way out of here to eternity.” First Aesop and now Dante... Allow me to be your counselor. I see beyond men's minds. I read their hearts. Do you? You're very high-opinioned of yourself. I know my value. And I know your quality. That is why I seek to be at your side, as others look to desert it. Or maybe I just think it's a good time to get a job. And what would you counsel me to do now? Forget the war. You can always fight fire with fire, but without these people you are nothing. And they suffer under the excommunication. Well, go on... Bell the cat. Well, it's disappointing. After all that you're just another mouse. But unlike them, I know you can do it. I will fight fire with fire. Or at least priests with priests. Do you play chess? The palazzo... Tuesday evening. Carlo de' Medici. What do you want? You may return to Florence. On the Pope's order. Return for the release of Cardinal Raffaele. What...? Come on, take him away. Why are we stopping? What's going on? You are a priest! Very good. Well done... I think we could do a little bit more... ...on those ears, don't you? That's it. Let me help you. Come on... Why don't we do a horse? Like Giovanni's, we'll start with some ears... Sandro! We hardly see you anymore. Lorenzo keeps me busy at the Loggia, Madonna. - Is he here? - He's at the Priori. He moved my painting. Sandro, look at what I'm doing? Good boy! A free line, just as I taught you. Oh, this is Giulio. A pleasure, young man. He's Giuliano's son. He, eh, was brought here for protection. His mother was murdered by Riario's men. He hasn't spoken a word since. Hello. Your father was a friend of mine. None other meant as much to me. You have Giuliano's courage. I feel it. In my painting the figure of Mercury is a likeness of your father. It's so beautiful. The job of an artist is to capture the beauty of God. Piero? I also lost my parents as a child. And I felt alone and shut out from the world. Well, the Medici took me in and they gave me a home, and a family, my vocation. In a way, they gave me life itself. Papa, come join us! My mother said you were looking for me. It's so wonderful. A part of Giuliano lives on in that boy. What is it that you want? I cannot paint the inventory of the dead in the Loggia anymore. No, I'm sorry, Lorenzo. Giuliano was all about life, so let's remember him together by turning ourselves away from death. No, I cannot and I will not. What you're doing is important. - Here. - Why? Because it intimidates? Because it tells the people how you're to be feared? You'll finish the work that I commissioned. Alexander the Great? This is not you. It's not you at all. Messer, as you requested, ...the bishops of Tuscany await your... ...convenience at the convent of San Marco. Your graces, my thanks for coming at such short notice. We know what you want of us, Lorenzo. To petition the Pope to lift the excommunication. We cannot. We are the Lord's vassals. Not yours. We guide our flock towards the next world. And yet your flock live in this world. And the Pope's actions are causing them to suffer, and you all have it within your power to end that suffering. How so? You fight fire with fire. Excommunication is just an act of ecclesiastical jurisdiction. As Bishops of Tuscany ...you can all form a court with powers of its own. Don't change your mind. Fioretta! That girl you just passed she just finished with me. I know, I'm struggling with it myself. I mean, is she blind? You weren't in church. - God missed me? - Well, mother did. He only gives with one hand, He takes away with the other. Father! Look! Giulio, will you come with me? Come here. Come with me. Giulio, do you like it here? Would you like to stay for this to be your home? I wanted my brother to help me change the world. Then I lost him. I miss your father very very much. Would you help me in his place? What is it? Why didn't you show me this before? You wanted to see that you were safe first? Well, you are, Giulio. You are. You were born a Medici. Now you're going to learn to be one. Go. When I have learned, ...can I have a knife? For the man who killed my mother? Maria told me that Giulio spoke. How is he? He needs time. Come with me. Come on. Ego te baptizo... in nomine Patris... et Filii... et spiritus sancti. Amen. And now I ask thee, Lorenzo, and thee, Clarice, dost thou desire to obtain eternal life in the church of God, ...through faith in Jesus Christ? I do. I do. How did you persuade the Pope to lift the excommunication? Holy Father, a letter from the Bishops of Tuscany. Open it. This cannot be. They dare to challenge the legitimacy of the excommunication? ...Who do they think they are? They threaten to call an Episcopal Council ...to excommunicate you. I am St. Peter's successor! This is the work of the Devil. It is the work of Lorenzo de' Medici. The Pope has caused the people to suffer so that he might harm us. So you did this to spare the people of Florence pain? - Sir... - What of the pain they will suffer when the Papal army is marching to the city? - A war is inevitable. - Yes, because you made it so by leaving Sixtus no alternative. We can defeat him. And what of the Church that you've set to tear itself apart? Let God look to his church. I owe him no favors. Lorenzo. Do not turn your face from heaven. Christ looked down from his cross when my brother was butchered, and did nothing. I owe him nothing. Tell King Ferrante I want Naples' help to drive Lorenzo from Florence and to put those heretical bishops on trial. It is done already. You defied my will? Anticipated it, Holy Father. I will take our forces and join the army of Alfonso of Naples. Who is even now marching on Florence. Carlo! Carlo! - Where's Lorenzo? - He'll come. - I need to see Lorenzo now! - And fetch the physician! Carlo? What happened? I saw Riario receive a letter from Naples. It bore the King's seal. Take him upstairs! Take him upstairs! If Naples allies itself with the Papacy... ...and its army marches against us... Then we fight or die. Sync and corrections by btsix 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 