Medici: Masters of Florence: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medici: Masters of Florence 
 s2e1 - Old Scores - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medici: Masters of Florence (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Old Scores - full transcript 
 After ruthless patriarch Piero's death, a new generation of Medici is key to Florentine history. Piero de' Medici still incarnates honorable business, but the bank is now is too deep ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Spread out. Search every building. FLORENCE, 26TH APRIL, 1478 Always looking for trouble, aren't you? You kill me now and I'll become a martyr. A martyr? You'll be forgotten. OLD SCORES TUSCANY, 1469 - Giuliano? Time to get up! - Wide awake, mother. Ah, good, you're already dressed. - I'll get Lorenzo. - He's not in his room. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You're a mule, Sandro! - And you're an ass. Actually, you are an artist, Sandro. And you, Poliziano, are a philosopher. It is another word for saying an ass. - I paint to honor God. - We all know how pious you are. You'd like me to paint lots of pagan gods and men's penises like those Greeks you worship? You have much to learn from the ancients. Alright, you're both right and you're both wrong. You wish to depict the beauty of God and you wish to recreate the wisdom of the ancients. - Precisely. - Exactly. Does not that wisdom come from the Lord? Don't you get sick of being right all the time? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now drink up, before my mother comes knocking. Not mother, me. Please don't tell me you've been up all night drinking. You've become more and more like mother every day. We have to be back in Florence by sundown. You'd better pray mother doesn't smell your breath. Let me help you with that, father. It's a wonder you can walk, given all the wine you've been drinking. Forgive me, we stayed up later than we should have. I'd have joined you if I'd been 20 years younger. Enjoy the wine of youth, Lorenzo. It's a cup from which you only drink once. Late night for you too, Giuliano? One's mouth can be used for things other than talking, brother. - It's a fine day, isn't it? - Glorious. I'm going to miss this place. It always reminds me of grandfather. Father! Go back! Go back! Turn around! Go! Go! The carriage! Let's go! Father! Father! Father! Take cover! Here. Just in time, I see. Giuliano, tell them how I struck that man with my stick. You looked like a Greek god from one of Poliziano's stories. There, you see? A gout-ridden Greek god. - I'm alright. - He's not. Fetch a surgeon. - Let's get you to bed. - Good. - Come, Messer Medici, let me help. You don't look dead to me. Hung over, more like it. - If you die, we must tell our own jokes. - And pay for your own wine. - We heard you killed a man. - He was stupidly brave doing it. - He ran through the arrows. - Do the Priori know? - Jacopo Pazzi called a meeting at his palazzo. - Why his palazzo? To seize power behind closed doors. We should go. This was an act of terror, pure and simple. An attack on one of us is an attack on us all. We must act, and we must act now! Act against whom, Messer Pazzi? No one has taken responsibility for this cowardly attack. And no one will. - He's alive! - We are relieved to see you alive. - Thank you, Messer Soderini. - Your father will recover, I trust? I pray that he will, Bastiano. Have the men who attacked you named their paymaster? - They claim not to know his name. - It must be a foreign agent. - A Venetian opposed to our alliance with Milan. - My thoughts precisely. May I address the Restricted Council? I'm sorry, Messer Lorenzo. Only members of this body are afforded that privilege. I think we can make an exception, Gonfaloniere. Let our young hero speak. Florence has prospered under the leadership of my family. And so many of the dreams that my father and his father's father had for this Republic have come true. Forgive me, but one man's dream is another's nightmare. My nephew and I cannot understand why you throw money at the poor. We offer simple Christian charity so that those not born into wealth might have a chance to prosper. You waste our funds, putting the future of this Republic at risk. - What did you wish to say, Lorenzo? - That we need not look abroad to find men who hate Florence. - I hope you're not suggesting anyone here. - Messer Cellini. We must forgive young Lorenzo. His wisdom is parroted from books, not one through the trials of life. Everyone on the Restricted Council is loyal to your family. Indeed. The Medici take great pains to ensure it. I mean no offence, gentlemen. But I feel certain that war is the last thing that my father would wish. I beg for time to name the real criminal and keep one crime from being compounded by another. - Bianca, stay with your father. - Yes. - We could try. - Yes. - Boys? What's happened? They gave us time to assess who ordered the attack. - You won't do this. - For Jacopo Pazzi Venice is responsible. - He'll vote for war. - It would bleed this Republic dry. You are safe now, but whoever tried to kill you could try again. We need to determine who was behind the attack. Don't worry, mother, we'll be careful. Let's go. Lorenzo, how are you? I'm fine. No, you're not, I can see it. I killed a man today. I watched the life drain from his eyes. It was self-defense, you had no choice. I know, I know. And yet, I took a life. Everything that that man was... Everything that he will ever be is gone from this world, forever. It weighs on you, as it should. But you made the right choice, son. And in the eyes of man and God, you must make peace with it. - Lorenzo! - What is it, grandmama? Come, I will show you. These are beautiful. Each panel shows a Magi heading to Bethlehem to witness the nativity. - Do you recognize them? - It's Papa! There's grandfather! Riding your great grandfather's mule. But they weren't in Bethlehem. What does it mean? It means our family is here to serve God, as the Magi did. And now look who is leading us all. Is that me? One day, you will lead us as your father led this family and his father before him. - Does it scare you? - A little. Let the fear drive you to work hard and prepare. So that when the time comes you'll be ready. - Good morning, Messere. - Good to see you. - This spade can be fixed. - Yes. - You got my letter? - I wasn't sure you'd still come. I couldn't stay away. Was your uncle behind the attack? - Do your brothers suspect him? - Of course. I can't be sure, but I don't think so. - Then who? - I have no mind for politics, Bianca, you know that. Sandro and Giuliano are looking into it. Once they clear your uncle we declare our love. - We couldn't do that. - Why not? - My uncle would never consent. - And your father would not. - He agreed to our marriage already. When we were children. Your father and brothers nearly lost their lives yesterday. We must be careful, lest we lose ours. Uncle! Uncle! - Gianni, good to see you. - And you, Messer Francesco. Brother! What a surprise! We weren't expecting you home until next month. You should have written. Our affairs in Rome are back in order. I'm sorry to report the Holy Father is ill. I will not shed a tear when he passes, he was no friend to us. I heard there was an assassination attempt on the Medici yesterday. Were you involved? You have been away too long and forgotten, nephew. I ask the questions here, not you. Come, let's get a drink. - At the Dove. - The Dove is closed. - Since when? This morning, they said the Medici revoked their credit. - There are many taverns in Florence. - You'll drink later. A change to Rome may bring change to Florence. And with Piero recalling loans there may be better ways of destroying the Medici. Lorenzo! And your beautiful mother. - General Sforza. - Madonna. Surely you've not forgotten your kind invitation. No, certainly not. We'll ready your rooms at once. That is by that young artist, Botticelli, isn't it? Magnificent. Where's your father, boy? I'm right here. You should rest, father. I'm rested. Come, Galeazzo. Perhaps your son is right, Messer Medici, you should rest. Seeing you here puts my mind at rest. A Venetian ordered the assassination attempt to disrupt our alliance. We'll get to the bottom of it, now we have business to discuss. - Do we? - You don't think I asked you all this way to socialize? You refer to my father's debt. Your father died three years ago, you're the Duke, the debt is yours. I'm afraid it must remain unpaid. But its obligation is due. Past due, in fact. I don't have it, our funds were invested in weaponry and soldiers. - Soldiers? - Milan is surrounded by enemies. Security must come before all else. I've put you in a difficult situation. Never mind, it's not your concern. But it is, the Medici are allies to Milan. And if your family is weakened we are weakened too. Confide in a friend. The bank has been over-extended for months. I recalled smaller debts to buy in time but they are not enough. If your debt is unrepaid our assets will be seized and our power gone. Is it as bad as that? I cannot repay my debt with money, Messer Medici. But perhaps I could repay it another way. - What other way? - Your position is threatened. But with my army you could restore it crush your enemies, and we'd call my father's debt settled. After your men are done raping, looting and pillaging the city. You wouldn't have wished for the occupation but surely needs must, to preserve the power of your family. My men are within riding distance. Just say the word and the Medici are saved. We need to talk. Well? We went to an inn where the assassins were staying. - We found this hidden in their bags. - The Pazzi seal. - Which proves Jacopo Pazzi hired them. - You don't know that. - Not for certain. - Why else would it be there? - We must take this as evidence to the Priori right away. - No. - No, we'll take it to Jacopo Pazzi. - Whatever for? Giving a chance to prove innocence will bind him to the cause. If not, we can show the Priori that we're fair-minded. We care about justice for father, not old man Pazzi. But if we want justice then we'll treat others justly. Well, well, that's twice in as many days the Medici boys grace us with their presence. - You remember Guglielmo's brother, don't you? - Francesco. The last time we saw each other we had words over a lady. Let's let bygones be bygones, shall we? Let's not, Pazzi. Now, now, boys, how can we help you? Sandro Botticelli and I found this in the assassins' chambers. How did that get there? - We thought you could tell us. - I had nothing to do with this. The medallion bears your seal, does it not? - Can you explain that? - Giuliano must have planted it. In an effort to distract from his ridiculous father. - Messer Pazzi, I... - Guards! Put down your weapons! We come here in peace! And your brother leaves in chains! Arrest him! It was an accident! It's alright, brother, I don't mind spending a night in jail. Not if it means the Priori get to see what Pazzi justice is like! - You'll hang for attempted murder! - It won't be me who hangs for that! Well, that went well. We are the wounded party and now Jacopo gets to play the victim. - Giuliano's temper... - I know. - Medici? - Piero de' Medici's boy? - Yes. - Thank God the arrow didn't hit him in the heart. - Thank you, friend. I'm no friend, if it had hit his heart it'd have bounced off stone. - Hey! - Let him go. He gives a working man a loan and two years to pay it off. Then demands it all in a week? I graft, and with a flick of his quill I lose my business and my family are on the street! - There must be some mistake. - There are plenty of mistakes. I know a dozen merchants chucked out of their homes. Come on, let's go, we need to go. Your grandfather would never have done this. He fired those arrows! They came from the heavens! Will I live? Your humors are out of balance. But the pus indicates your body is ridding itself of toxins. You are to drink plenty of wine. A most welcome prescription. Well, I'm not dead. From your faces one would think you've come to my funeral. - Our son has just seen the Pazzi. - We found evidence against Jacopo. But there was an altercation and Giuliano is being held until the Priori convenes. See that he is given clean water and good food. We don't want him poisoned like his grandfather. What else are you not telling me? It's what you haven't told us. Merchants told Lorenzo you've recalled dozens of loans. I was hoping to spare you both. The bank is over-extended. But surely the Pope's tithes... I've borrowed against the Pope's tithes and still we come up short. - To take from those who can least afford it... - Lorenzo. Your grandfather said sometimes you need to do some bad to do good. Their labor built this Republic. They turn against us and we've got nothing. It's alright, I've come to an agreement with the Duke. Sforza will repay his father's loan? Yes. Then I'm greatly relieved. As am I. Drink up. - I think so. - 1 don't know how this is going to end up. - Well? - My brother provoked yours. - He didn't mean to hurt my uncle. - This is the last thing we needed. I think that I can prove that my uncle didn't try to have your father killed. It would certainly lessen the tensions between our families. - Can you? - I might. You are brilliant. Ground gold. My physician says it extends life. A costly prescription. I can think of no better use for money than to extend one's life. Of course, there's art. Your young artist, Botticelli. I would like him to come paint for me in Milan. Well, you may ask him, General, but I very much doubt he'll accept. Why not? I'll pay him well. Sandro was an orphan. We recognized his talent and raised him alongside our own sons. They're like brothers. You Medici have strange ways of treating artists. - And repaying a favor. - A favor? Your husband told you of our arrangement, did he not? My husband told me you were repaying a debt. With something more precious than money. I thought you weren't coming. - Is your husband here? - Out on business. Sorry about yesterday. I've heard some shoddy excuses for standing up a lover but saving your father's life? You'll have to do better than sorry. - How is he? - He's in pain, he's shaken. But alive. - Were you hurt? - No. Not even a slight ache here? - No. - Not even here? No. What about here? No. What is that brilliant mind of yours thinking? About whether it is necessary sometimes to do bad in order to do good. What do you mean by that? My father had struck a deal with the Duke of Milan. But I fear that their terms are more dire than he's said. So ask him. -I can't. - Why? He sees me as a boy. He's trying to shield me from the truth. But you are not a boy, Lorenzo. You're a man. An asset to your father. If only he could see it. So how do I help him? You'll find a way. - Will 1? - Yes. Where are you going? We have to present our case against Jacopo Pazzi to the Priori. Wish me luck. The Medici have accused me of hiring assassins and paying them with this gold medallion. But I can prove that this coin did not belong to any assassin. Tell me, Messer Fanti, do you recognize this? Yes, Signore, I told your nephew it has my initials on it. "A.F.", Arturo Fanti. There must be a thousand "A.F." in Tuscany. This one is bent. Put it on a flat surface, it will wobble. You have been pleased to receive it. You've sold it because it's bent? Because it's gold, and the Medici recalled my loan last week. Is it true? Their case is that me or one of my nephews paid a hired assassin with a second-hand medal we bought on the market rather than use the gold in our bank vaults? Only the Pazzi hate my father enough to try to kill him! It is natural for a son to be blind to the faults of his father. For that reason, if Giuliano de' Medici apologizes I am willing to forgive and forget his slander and physical assault. Signore, on behalf of the Medici I apologize to the noble Pazzi family for my brother's intemperate reaction to the murderous attack on our father. We accept now that we were mistaken. I was hoping your brother might speak for himself. Just say sorry, you don't have to mean it. But never mind, I'll take his silence as an apology. I'd like to know how that medallion got into the assassin's room. - Where are you going? - I need some air. Lorenzo! Everyone go home, I'll meet you there. Come on. Messer Soderini. - Tell him what you saw. - The Pazzi say the Medici are insolvent. Come back tomorrow! You will all be paid tomorrow! With one hand they force a run on your bank, with the other they offer to assume the merchants distressed credit with a discount. The Pazzi bank will pay you five lire to the florin. It is not what the Medici promised you but it is cash in your hand. And more than you will see from the Medici who are insolvent. They've acquired accounts from many merchants at a discounted rate enriching their bank while crippling yours. If this continues you'll be bankrupt within days. - The money! - What do you want from me? Medici. You didn't find Fanti's medal in that assassin's room. Or if you did it was you who put it there. I don't know how he did it, but it was your uncle who hired him. This just proves my point. Kill me now and you'll be the first man the Priori come looking for. The streets are teeming with mobs calling for Medici blood. Good luck finding evidence to prove I had anything to do with this. Do you like this fabric? Giuliano! Fetch some towels and water! - Who did this to you? - Pazzi. - Francesco Pazzi. - He will pay for this. Lorenzo, summon the Priori, we must demand justice. There'll be no need for that, will there, father? Lorenzo, what do you mean? I mean the Duke is no longer repaying the loan with money. The Duke's men are close, they will march on Florence at midnight. Those men will sack this city, father, and you agreed to it. - I know what they'll do. - Father. - You must not do this. What choice is there? Would you see us ruined? And the Pazzi undo all the good we have done for the people? Piero! Piero! I have loved and supported you my entire life. But this... This you must not do. - There is no choice. - Husband. - There is always a choice. - Only if you are prepared to lose. My father and his father before him never were. And neither am I. Now we ride! Yes! - Yes! - Come on! - One day, you will lead us. Does it scare you? - A little. Let the fear drive you to work hard and prepare. So that when the time comes you'll be ready. Lorenzo. Are you alright? Send messengers to summon the members of the Priori. - Here? - Yes. Lorenzo? What's the meaning of this? Yes, young Medici, what's your business with the Priori this time? Not more baseless charges, I hope. I've called you here to save Florence. We didn't know it needed saving. You are aware that my father has called in debts to cover a loan that he made to the Duke of Milan's father. Ordinary citizens are suffering and they're rightly angry. Now the Duke intends to repay his debt by unleashing an army on our people. This is deeply troubling, Lorenzo. Why are you telling us this? Because my father is a good and honorable man. But he is no longer the head of this bank. - But that's ridiculous. Who removed him? - I am going to. Right now. If the Restricted Council agrees to give me his seat in the Signoria. Or the Duke's men will overrun our city, is that right? I will cancel the loan recalls that my father has issued and I will send the Duke back to Milan. You stab your own father in the back. Why should we trust you? You trust me because your nephew attacked my brother in the street today. Now, that sounds familiar. You trust me because I forgive him. Because maybe my brother unjustly accused your family of being behind the plot to kill my father. And perhaps Francesco felt that he had to retaliate. But I forgive him. Because the settling of old scores has never settled anything. We have to put our feuds behind us, gentlemen. To do good we have to be good. For the future of Florence, for the future of us all. A vote. Open these gates! Or my men will smash through them and carry your heads on pikes. All in favor? Come on. Lorenzo, bad debts don't just go away. - They have to be accounted for. - I understand. I have an offer. An alliance between your family's bank and mine forged in marriage. Your sister Bianca and my son Bastiano. - He's always had a great affection for her. - Have you? You have a deal. Stop. Stop your men, Duke. Out of our way, Lorenzo, we have an understanding with your father. I am now the head of the bank and your presence here is illegal. You brand me a criminal and then expect me to retreat? If you do I will write a letter saying that I implored you to protect this city and that you stayed your hand at my request. You'll be seen as a hero, not as a criminal. And my father's debt remains unpaid while your control of the city crumbles. I'll find another way to save this bank and the city. A shame, I was greatly looking forward to this. But it's your grave, Medici. Good luck. - Fall back! - Fall back! Come on! You did it, you saved Florence without raising your sword. I destroyed my father and compelled the Priori to act from fear. Our enemies will come at us from all sides now. A cura del Servizio Sottotitoli RAI 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 