Medici: Masters of Florence: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Medici: Masters of Florence 
 s2e2 - Standing Alone - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Medici: Masters of Florence (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Standing Alone - full transcript 
 Pietro believes to be utterly betrayed by the foolish move to replace him. Lorenzo goes to Rome, asking pope Paul for an extension of the Medici bank credit from the papal tides. It's ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Lorenzo? Lorenzo. - Ready? - Ready. - Good. - Now go! - Go, Lorenzo, go! Lorenzo, that was rea11y bad! You're never going to ki11 anyone! - Giu1iano, he's not meant to ki11 anyone. - Then what's the point? To demonstrate ski11. He'11 be good at this, he is good at everything. - Madonna. - Thank you. Here, 1et me show you. A joust is a performance, you must show ski11 and honor your fami1y name, you must 1ive for it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - How was that? - lf l hit a man 1ike that, l cou1d ki11 him? - You cou1d. - Why take the chance if it's just a game? Because Medici men teach their sons they must win in everything. If you are precise you are 1ess 1ike1y to hurt your opponent. - And if l 1ose? - You'11 have won in the eyes of God. A great man does good, Lorenzo, and you must do and be good. If that means you suffer defeat today trust you'11 find a way to c1aim victory tomorrow, or the next day. Or the day after that. You don't agree. Young Lorenzo... You have been schoo1ed in ideas l do not pretend to understand. But l know that phi1osophy is co1d comfort in defeat. Not just this fami1y, but a11 of F1orence is counting on you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You must not 1ose. No matter what anyone says. STANDING ALONE - l hear you put the o1d man out to pasture. - Yes. I guess you cou1dn't wait for him to step down any 1onger. - I had no choice. - Oh, you had a choice. Yes, l did have a choice. We both knew this day wou1d come. I just didn't think it wou1d come so soon. Lorenzo, our father is awake. Lorenzo, what news of Sforza? The Duke has stood down his men. He rides back to Mi1an. - Then we have 1ost the bank. - No. No, the Priori have agreed to give us time to cover our debts. On what condition? That you retire. This is Pazzi's mischief! - When he cou1dn't ki11 me... - No, father. - It was me. - You? - I took your p1ace. - You? - It was the on1y way to stop Sforza. - By defying me! Father. - Did you know about this? - No, she didn't. But l wou1d have supported it to spare the peop1e of F1orence. So the betraya1 is tota1. Your grandfather a1ways preferred you, even when you were a boy. - It's made you arrogant. - lt's done nothing of the kind. I am trying to save the F1orence that you worked so hard to bui1d. Don't use your words on me, boy, you have destroyed me. The bank's debts need to be covered, you don't understand! L'm trave11ing to Rome to ask the Pope for an extension. - Pau1 won't give it to you! - We11, l'11 ask nonethe1ess. Pazzi wi11 seize the moment to take the Pope's accounts for himse1f and ru1e F1orence! Yes, l'm sure he'11 try. You've gained your position by betraying your own father. It's a stain on your name. Then l'11 remove it. You have my word. He'11 come round, give him time. Now l must pack for Rome. - You? - You don't think l'd 1et you go to Rome by yourse1f, do you? - My brother is bound for Rome. - He was groomed to 1ead the fami1y. His address was magnificent, even your unc1e voted in favor. - My unc1e had no choice. - Why must you be so pessimistic? Rea1istic. My unc1e chafes under the yoke of Medici, whoever wie1ds it. It changes everything for us, there wi11 be peace between our fami1ies. L'm sure your brother wou1d wish it, but my unc1e wi11 oppose him. Lorenzo wi11 find a way, you'11 see. - We were afraid we'd miss you. - Are you back for the tournament? - I hope so. - You can stop being boring and get back to having fun. - Give my 1ove to Car1o. - We sha11. - And be carefu1. - You be carefu1, and stay away from Francesco Pazzi. We don't need anymore troub1e. Where have you been? Does it matter? - Lorenzo wanted to ta1k to you. - About what? He didn't say. Messere. - I need action, not excuses! - l've done as you asked, unc1e. You're either a 1iar or a foo1! You've done nothing of the kind! I asked you to stop Lorenzo and you bring me ha1f-measures? - Unc1e... - What's happened? Lorenzo's riding to Rome, seeking credit from Pope Pau1. Now is our time to strike a b1ow. - Cousin Sa1viati is an aide to the Curia. - The Pope decides. But the Curia inf1uences the Pope, and our cousin inf1uences the Curia. His inf1uence is no match for Lorenzo's si1ver tongue. Lorenzo is c1ever, yes, but inexperienced. - He can be defeated. - Why must we defeat him? How dare you ask such a thing? The Medici were given a reprieve thanks to the Priori, to you. Our father be1ieved that F1orence was stronger united. Your father is dead, l make the decisions now. I say what benefits the enemy, harms us. - We must not give the Medici an inch. - And we won't. Whatever advantage Lorenzo seeks from the Pope Sa1viati wi11 b1ock it. The Papa1 accounts are the source of the Medici's power. And those accounts wi11 be ours, mark my words. They had better be. Do you think unc1e was behind the attack on Piero de' Medici? Wou1d it troub1e you if he was? You know our father wanted peace, Francesco. He wou1d have had it if he'd 1ived 1ong enough. Hey, our generation wi11 end the feud between our fami1ies. But on our terms, not theirs. ROME, ONE WEEK LATER Rome has grown destitute. F1orence has grown prosperous thanks to your father and his father. And the bankers of Rome not care about their peop1e? They use their peop1e to enrich the bank. The Medici use their bank to enrich the peop1e. - Those are the same peop1e that spit at father's name? - No. Your father's fina1 chapter sha11 not end in defeat. And how do you know? Because you are to be its author. - Eat something. - Thank you. There you go. Drink up. Am l too 1ate, Father Car1o? No, come, she's right there. - Madonna, l found your daughter. - Has she come? She's with chi1d. She forgives you, Madonna, she knows that you 1ove her. Her chi1d is a gir1, she's going to name her after you. Thank you. "Dona eis, Domine, pacem..." - You did her a great service, C1arice. - Many peop1e suffer. - I wish l cou1d do more. - Few do as much. Father. I wish to 1ead a 1ife 1ike yours and my brother's. You mean take ho1y orders? That's a very great decision, and there's no way back. I doubt very much your fami1y wou1d approve. L'm sure they wou1dn't, but it is my decision to make. Perhaps you cou1d he1p them to understand. Perhaps. But l must 1eave you now, my nephew is due from F1orence. Father Car1o, sure1y you're too young to have a nephew. We11, Lorenzo's 1ike a brother. - We're the same age, but my father was his grandfather. - Grandfather? My mother was a s1ave. The Medici took me into their home and raised me as one of their own. What extraordinary peop1e you F1orentines are. Yes, l suppose we are. - Lorenzo! - Car1o. Oh, you 1ook we11, don't you, Lorenzo? - How's Giu1iano and Bianca? - Oh, very we11, very we11. - My mother can't wait to see you. - And l her. And what of your father? He's recovering from b1ows both physica1 and emotiona1. We11, your father knows that you're a good and 1oving son, Lorenzo. He wi11 take comfort in that, trust me. I think he'11 be more comforted knowing the bank is saved. Ready? - Your Ho1iness. - Yes. - lt's a de1icate situation. - Your Ho1iness. - Lorenzo de' Medici. Your Ho1iness. L'm Cardina1 Orsini and this is Cardina1 De11a Rovere. I be1ieve you know Francesco Sa1viati. I know his cousins, the Pazzi, but we've never met. My unc1e Car1o speaks very high1y of your eminences. My unc1e Jacopo warns me that you are ski11ed with words. L'm as good as my word, Sa1viati. That much is true. Messer de' Medici has trave11ed a 1ong way to see Your Ho1iness. - We'11 excuse ourse1ves. - Don't bother. - Your Ho1iness. - You've come a11 this way for nothing. L've a1ready been to1d the question you came to ask. And you can save your fine words. The answer is quite simp1y no. If you do not pay the Church at once you wi111ose the Papa1 accounts. My fami1y have served the Ho1y See, starting from my great grandfather. Precise1y, young Medici. Your bank serves this Church, not the other way around. Come, gent1emen, we have more important matters to attend to. When are you and your mother heading back to F1orence, Lorenzo? Given the Pope's refusa1, we must return at once. - Stay, at 1east for another night. - Your Eminence? Cardina1 Orsini is hosting a banquet. Come as my guests. - I appreciate your invitation... - Your mother wi11 understand. See you this evening. This is marve1ous, Sandro! They're worth1ess, tournament banners soon to be forgotten. They show the greatness of F1orence. Your technique is f1aw1ess. Yes, my se1f-respect a11ows no 1ess. - L'm afraid this is not art, it's craft. - Sandro, this is art. Art doesn't te11 peop1e what they want to hear, but the truth. - Truth? What is that? - God, of course. - Peop1e cannot see God. - No. But they can see his beauty, and l mean to show it to them. How are you going to do that? No b1oody idea. We11, l cou1d use a drink. How about you? - I have to drop this off. - What is it? A worth1ess commission for a vu1gar merchant, Vespucci. The newest member of the Restricted Counci1. l'11 come with you. See it yourse1f. - Father. - What sha11 it profit a man? Sha11 he gain the who1e wor1d and 1ose his own sou1? - You have hard1y 1ost your sou1. - Perhaps. But l might have done if my own son hadn't acted against me. You mustn't fi11 your head with regrets when you're not we11. Come, 1et me he1p you back to bed. My father thought l had a head for books not for the affairs of men. I tried to prove him wrong my who1e 1ife. On1y to prove him right. Now rest, soon you'11 be back to your o1d se1f. L'11 never be that man again. I see c1ear1y now that l never was. Bastiano Soderini is here. Father is not receiving visitors, send him away. - Madonna, he wishes to see you. - Me? Whatever for? Bianca. You 1ook beautifu1, as ever. Your visit is unexpected, my father needs my ministrations. You are as 1oving and devoted a daughter as you sha11 be a wife. Thank you, but l don't see what concern that is of yours. I know we can't say anything unti1 your brother returns from Rome but l cou1d contain my excitement no 1onger. - What are you ta1king about? - Our engagement, of course. - Our engagement? - Sure1y you were to1d... Yes, of course. - Ready? - Bring it in. - Did you scratch that? Did you? - Messere. - This costs more than you'11 earn in ten 1ifetimes. - Here we are. - Yes, Messere. l didn't damage it. - Bottice11i, at 1ast. - Carry on. - Messer Vespucci. - May l introduce you to Giu1iano de' Medici. - Messer Medici. - I was beginning to think l'd never see you again. - lt's been a month. - Hand it over, then. - G1ad1y, once l've received my f1orins. You don't think l'd withho1d payment? L'm a mere artist, Messere, l can't afford to wait. Very we11. A11ow me, Madonna. - May l? - Thank you. - Messer? - Medici. Giu1iano de' Medici. - My name is Sandro Bottice11i. - Your name? Simonetta, at 1ast! I see you gent1emen have met my wife. Your wife. Your f1orins. My painting. Come, Simonetta. - She can't be married to that ass? - She is. She's beautifu1. She's more than that. Lorenzo, we11? The other cardina1s won't even 1isten to what l have to say. Sa1viati just smi1es in contempt. - There must be something you can do. - Perhaps father was right. Perhaps the on1y way to save F1orence is 1et Sforza burn it. No, you don't be1ieve that? Madda1ena! - May l introduce you to my son, Lorenzo? - Lorenzo. This is my daughter C1arice. - And you know Father Car1o. - l am his great admirer. - I saw you this afternoon. - Did you? In Trastevere, at the a1mshouse. Yes, C1arice devotes many hours to the poor and destitute. I understand you're a patron of the arts. Yes, l 1ove the arts, l 1ove phi1osophy and poetry. - Any of the higher ca11ings. - The higher ca11ings? We11, l don't just mean the higher ca11ings. I 1ike horse riding, a11 forms of sport. I suppose l 1ike everything rea11y. And my fami1y obvious1y provides for the poor in F1orence. - They give generous1y. - Father Car1o speaks very fond1y of you. It's a p1easure to meet you. It seems that young 1ady and l have different interests. What does that matter when her unc1e is Cardina1 Orsini. - I fai1 to see what diff... - C1arice has a nob1e tit1e. - She has inf1uence in Rome. - Are you suggesting marriage? Orsini may prevai1 upon the Pope to extend us credit if you were married to his niece. - Yes, it is. - Your decisions are a1ways rightfu1. You've spoken to Cardina1 De11a Rovere about this. - I to1d you l had other business to attend to. - There's a prob1em. L've known the 1ady for quite some time, she's very devoted. Just this morning she informed me she means to become a nun. That is an obstac1e. A1though perhaps not one insurmountab1e to a young man of your charms. We11, Lorenzo? What say you? It's worth a try. You mean to turn C1arice away from her devotion? We11, it seems 1ike our fami1y in F1orence depend on it, unc1e. - I fee11ike l owe you an apo1ogy. - For what? What must seem 1ike sha11owness to a woman of your depth. I know you're not sha11ow, Lorenzo. You va1ue things of this wor1d, and l do not. Is the wor1d not God's creation? Forgive me, but l'm the wrong person to engage in debate. The unfortunate you minister to, if they cou1d wou1d they not want to see the beauty the wor1d has to offer? What is your point, Lorenzo? We serve God by aiding those in need but we a1so serve him by recognizing the beauty of the wor1d he created and we ennob1e others by a11owing them to see it too. It is true what they say, you are good with words. They're more than words, C1arice. - You are aware that our mothers have spoken of marriage? - l am. I beg you, 1ook favorab1y on the proposa1. Because your fami1y is powerfu1 and mine has nob1e b1ood? And because if you give me your heart l promise before God l wi11 take care of it. You don't even know me, you mustn't make such promises. No, l do not know you, and you do not know me, and you do not 1ove me. But in time you wou1d. And l wou1d 1ove you with a11 that l am and a11 that l wi11 ever be. If anyone cou1d persuade me to marry, it wou1d be you. But no one can. - It's from cousin Sa1viati in Rome. - l know that. What does it say? The Pope is sti11 firm against Lorenzo. He has fai1ed. Then Lorenzo overthrew his father for naught. Soon he wi111ose the Papa1 account and the Medici wi11 be bankrupt. - Brother! - How did it go? Disastrous, it was a tota1 fai1ure. - We're ruined. - Mother has stayed behind. She hopes to negotiate my marriage to C1arice Orsini. L've met her, she's very beautifu1. - Lorenzo! - Bianca, l wanted to... You promised my hand in marriage without so much as asking me? Bastiano Soderini is a good match and one that benefits our fami1y. - He's not my choice. - What's that matter? My mother wants me to marry a nob1ewoman, but she's not my choice. - But she's very beautifu1. - Giu1iano. I do not want to marry Bastiano. That's the end of it. Bianca. We11? The cardina1 may support the marriage and our bank if we insta11 C1arice's brother, Rina1do as archbishop of F1orence. Then you have a dea1. C1arice sti11 insists on taking her vows. - And how can you change her mind? - l can't. You expect me to do it? Her mother says C1arice respects you more than anyone e1se in the wor1d. I cannot turn her away from God. I understand, Car1o. If you can't champion our fami1y, l'11 forgive you. But it wi11 require forgiveness. I missed you. You know, quite right1y you wi11 be the queen of the tournament, Madonna Ardinghe11i. - Thank you, Messer Medici. - My p1easure. Did you ever think how different things might have been for us? What do you mean? We11, if l was born to more money or you to 1ess, we cou1d have ended up together. Maybe. But as it is, my mother wants me to marry into Roman nobi1ity. Marry? Now that l'm head of the fami1y. And you didn't think to te11 me that before we made 1ove? - Does it bother you? - Why wou1dn't it? - You're a1ready married. - To a husband l do not 1ove! We11, l don't 1ove my intended either, do l? - I hard1y know her. - lf you marry her, things between us wi11 change. But they don't have to. They don't have to. Leave. - Lucrezia, what did l say? - P1ease, go! Father, is everything a1right? Fine, fine. You've been speaking to Madonna Medici. She wants you to persuade me to marry Lorenzo. Yes. But you refused. Did you refuse? Are you prepared to give up on the possibi1ity of being a mother? And having someone to 1ove and care for you? To serve God is a privi1ege, Father. Yes, but there are ways to serve God that do not demand such sacrifices. Sure1y not by marrying Lorenzo de' Medici. The Medici are a fami1y 1ike no other. They have changed F1orence. And l be1ieve that Lorenzo has it in him to change the wor1d. And if he fai1s because you refuse to take his hand the cost wi11 be borne by generations to come. Serve this fami1y, C1arice, and you serve God. - Father, you're needed. - Fine. Father. Father. - I returned from Rome. - Did your mother find you a bride? You knew about that? We discussed it before she 1eft. She's trying but the woman in question wishes to take her spiritua1 vows. Then it's on1y a matter of days before we're inso1vent. Grandmother used to say that if we 1oose today we must have faith that we'11 win tomorrow. It's a nob1e thought. L'm to joust in the tournament. L'11 wear the fami1y's co1ors with pride. L'm sorry, father. I had hoped to write a happier ending for you. A man is the author of his own 1ife, Lorenzo. Sure1y a man's 1ife does not end with his own. Not if he has a son. Then prove your grandmother right. Win the joust and bring me the si1ver he1met. Giu1iano de' Medici. Where have you been hiding? Carefu1, Francesco. I won't pick a fight without your thugs around to do the fighting. The fina1s wi11 pit the Medici against the Pazzi. First, you wi11 ride against my brother. I came to wish you good 1uck, actua11y, you're going to need it. - He's going to try to ki11 you. - He was 1ast year's champion. I to1d father l'd win that si1ver he1met and l wi11. Are those the young men who were at the pa1azzo? The Medici are arrogant peacocks, they 1ike to be seen. Gug1ie1mo Pazzi and Giu1iano de' Medici, make your horses. On your mark. - What does it mean? - lt's a draw. You're a far better rider than me, Giu1iano, you cou1d've ki11ed me. Yes, l cou1d've, but my sister wou1d have never forgiven me. - Bad 1uck, Giu1iano. - Come on! Seems that he's too good for me. - lt's up to you now, brother. You must defeat Lorenzo. Don't worry, unc1e, l wi11. Make sure of it. Francesco Pazzi and Lorenzo de' Medici in the first of three rounds. On your mark. Draw! lt's another draw! You'11 get him this time, brother. Lorenzo. He cut it, l to1d you. He's going to ride without his armor. - You did something to his sadd1e? - Perhaps. - Perhaps? - We cou1d have him arrested. - lf we can prove that he did it. You want me to ki11 him? l'11 ki11 him. But in a fair fight. Go on. - Yes! - Yes! - Yes! - Great! - Long 1ife to the Medici! - Long 1ife to Lorenzo de' Medici! You shou1d have ki11ed me when you had the chance, Medici. - Yes! - Yes! - Great! Medici! Medici! Medici! Dearest Lorenzo. I remain in Rome, where l exercise dip1omacy on many fronts. Medici! Medici! Medici! Our fami1y was committed to insta11 Rina1do as archbishop in F1orence. In turn, Orsini has prevai1ed upon the Pope, who is now ai1ing to extend our credit. - Yes! - Yes! As for C1arice Orsini... "ln pace et vo1untate..." It seems your words the night of the party had their intended effect. Car1o stood in for you as you were married by proxy this morning. Congratu1ations, Lorenzo. You and C1arice are now man and wife. "Per Christum Dominum nostrum, amen." Stop it! - It's from mother. - What does it say? It's wonderfu1 news! Come on, 1et's go get father! Our fami1y has survived this crisis, my son. We have bought ourse1ves 1itt1e time. - L'11 go first. - Don't be ridicu1ous. No. No. As the head of this fami1y, you must stand a1one. But we wi11 stand behind you, a1ways. May God b1ess and keep you. A cura de1 Servizio Sottotito1i RAl 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 