Middlemarch: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Middlemarch 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Middlemarch (1994): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tertius,  here is a letter  for you.  It's my uncle Godwin. Rosamond...  it will be impossible  to live with you  if you continue  to deceive me.  "Dear Tertius, don't set your wife to write to me "when you have anything to ask. "It is a roundabout wheedling sort of thing "which I should not have credited you with. "I never choose to write to a woman on matters of business. "As to my supplying you with – 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "1,000 pounds, "I can do nothing of the sort." Oh, read the rest yourself.  it sticks in my throat!  Will this be enough  to convince you of the harm  you do with your  secret meddling?  I had nearly resolved on  going to Quallingham myself.  It would have caused me  pain to do it,  yet it might have been  of some use.  But it has never been  of any use to me to think  of anything.  I'm at the mercy  of your devices.  If you mean to resist  every wish I express,  for God's sake,  say so and defy me!  I should at least know  what I am doing then!  Oh Rosy.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Can't you see that nothing  can be so fatal  as a lack of openness,  of confidence between us?  Will you only say  that you have been mistaken,  and that I may depend  on your not acting secretly  in the future?  You expect me  to make promises,  when you have use  such cruel words  against me?!  I think you ought  to apologize.  You should allow  for a man's words  when he's disappointed  and provoked.  You and I can't have  opposite interests.  I only wished  to prevent you  from hurrying us  into wretchedness  without any  necessity!  It is so very hard  to be disgraced here,  amongst the people  that we know.  And to live in such  a miserable way.  I wish I had died  with the baby.  Come here.  (crowd chattering)  Man:  Shh-shh-shh.  Let him concentrate.  - (laughing)  - Man: Dear, oh dear, oh dear.  - (cheering)  - Game to Mr. Harrigan.  Bambridge:  Bad luck, Dr. Lydgate.  (crowd "oohs")  Do another, sir? - Certainly.  - Lydgate,  Mr. Farebrother is  anxious to speak to you.  Farebrother.  Yes, he's just  outside.  Yes, he is,  of course.  I just finished  a game.  Excuse me.  Excuse me, gentlemen.  - What does he want,  do you know?  - Nothing.  I thought  you might like an excuse  to leave off in there.  No offense.  I've been there  myself before now.  Thanks, Fred.  Rosy will be wondering what's become of me.  Right.  (distant dog barking)  You all right, old chap?  Whoa.  You're in no fit state  to walk.  Where are you going?  To see an old friend. Only Bulstrode.  Must see only  Bulstrode.  I'll take you  to Stone Court.  Come on.  You're very good, sir, you're very good.  Have you known  Mr. Bulstrode  a long time?  (panting)  Oh...yes.  Put him in  the small bedroom, Mrs. Abel.  Come on now.  Not much further.  My housekeeper will make him  comfortable.  He needs  a doctor.  You'd best  lose no time.  - He looks bad to me.  - Thank you.  Perhaps you'd  oblige me by sending for Dr. Lydgate,  - If you're going that way.  - Aye, I will.  Garth:  Mr. Bulstrode?  I want you to put  your business in some  other hands than mine. I'm sorry  about this...  but I must give it up.  Will you take  a seat, Mr. Garth?  I'll stand.  Thank you, sir.  (scoffs)  No doubt you'll be  led to this  by some slander  from that unhappy creature.  I believe  he told the truth,  Mr. Bulstrode.  And I can't be happy  in working with you or –  profiting  by you anymore.  It hurts my mind.  What did he tell you?  No need to repeat it. I'll never talk of it with anyone else.  It's not for me  to make your life  any harder  than it is.  But you do make it harder  by turning your back on me.  That, I am forced to do. I am sorry.  A man may do wrong  and wish he might  rise clear of it,  and not be able to.  If that's how it is  with you, well...  I'm very sorry  for you.  But, I have that  feeling inside me  that I can't go on  working with you.  That's all,  Mr. Bulstrode.  I'd best be going now. One moment!  I must have  your solemn assurance  that you will not repeat  these slanderous allegations  to any living soul.  Why should I say it  if I didn't mean it?  I'm not in any fear  of you.  I'll take your message to the doctor.  Good day.  Bulstrode:  The man was in my employment  many years ago.  Afterwards,  he went to America.  I feel I should do  my utmost for him.  What's his name?  Raffles.  John Raffle.  The case is serious,  I apprehend.  Yes and no.  He had a good constitution to start with,  but years of abuse  have weakened him.  - (Raffles moaning)  - The symptoms you describe  are consistent  with delirium tremens, not fatal in itself,  but his liver  may give out  at any time.  His system  is full of poison.  I've seen men  pull through worse  - and live  to tell the tale.  - Ah.  He should be  well watched.  Who will  attend him?  Unfortunately,  Mrs. Bulstrode is away  visiting her sister,  and my housekeeper  is but newly  in my service.  I shall take  responsibility myself  - to oversee things.  - Get him to take as much  fluid as possible.  Water and tea.  Absolutely no  alcoholic liquors.  New symptoms may arise. I shall come again  tomorrow morning.  Thank you.  - You're very good.  - Strange, is it not?  I wonder what it is  makes us care for  one another.  When we do, that is. Man:  Careful with that one.  Prop it on the side.  - Man: Have you got it?  - (whispering)  Man:  Go ahead.  Slide it in.  Ah, Dr. Lydgate.  I took the trouble  of coming over in person,  just to make sure everything  was done with the least  inconvenience  - to yourself and Mrs. Lydgate.  - Did you? Yes.  I see.  Where is Mrs. Lydgate? Is she at home?  Oh Rosy. Rosy.  Forgive me  for this misery.  We shall weather it.  I went to papa  when the men came.  He said he could do  nothing about the debt, that if he paid this one, there would only be  a half a dozen more.  He said I am to come  and live at home again until you have found  a proper place for me. Should you object  to that, Tertius?  Do as you like.  I shall not go  until tomorrow.  I want to pack  my clothes.  Why not wait  a little longer?  I might get my neck broken and that would solve  all your problems.  I see you do not  wish me to go.  Why can you not  say so without that  sort of violence?  I will stay here  until you request me  to do otherwise.  It cannot be  Thy will, Lord, surely,  that this wretch should  live to destroy me;  that all my great works,  not for my glory, Lord,  but for Thine,  should slip  from my fingers.  Surely Thou will  release this  wretched sinner here,  and take him to You,  so that I may continue  Thy holy work on earth.  Why do you continue  to torment me?  Why do you not die?  I'll water him  for you, sir.  Good boy.  What do you  think?  The symptoms are worse.  You're less hopeful?  No. I think he may  yet come round.  (Raffles whimpers)  I'm going to try him  with opium.  Every two hours.  Two drops, precisely,  in water.  - Nothing alcoholic at all.  - He asks for brandy  whenever he wakes.  He loves best  what's worst for him.  Many men  could say that.  (Raffles muttering)  Dr. Lydgate, you seem  disturbed, if I may say so.  You are troubled, are you not?  The only change  in my fortunes is  that my creditors  are even now  carrying away some  of my household goods. - Good morning.  - No stay, Dr. Lydgate, stay.  I have been reconsidering.  Mrs. Bulstrode is anxious  for her niece, and I, myself,  should grieve at the calamitous  change in your position.  You have supported me  steadfastly in my efforts  to raise the spiritual  and bodily health  of my neighbors.  And I have  but few friends.  I think you have been –  I think you are –  a friend to me.  I think you are.  1,000 pounds, you said  would suffice to free you  from your burdens?  Yes.  I should be deeply  obliged to you.  And I shall have  great pleasure  in being of service  to you, Dr. Lydgate.  Rosamond,  we are out of  our difficulties.  I've cleared  all our debts today. Everything  is secured.  The furniture,  the silver,  the jewelry,  everything.  Rosy, I'm so sorry. The anguish I must  have caused you.  But now I have  a chance to make  a new start.  - But how has it been managed?  - Bulstrode.  Bulstrode has been  more than generous. There.  You see, Tertius?  Did I not tell you  that our friends  would not wish us  to be without money?  Yes, and you were right. But we must learn  from this,  and try to be  more economical.  I will devote more  time to my practice. - We must be more careful  with our household expenses.  - Oh yes, of course.  But, Tertius, you are not  saying that we shall not  entertain guests?  Will Ladislaw has written to me. He's coming to Middlemarch  on business.  I didn't know  how to reply, but...  we can give  a dinner party  for him now.  - Can we not?  - Yes, why not?  A small one.  Why not?  - If that will  make you happy.  - Oh, Tertius.  It makes me  very happy.  Oh.  Nick!  I think I'm going.  It's a terrible thing,  a frightening thing, Nick,  to be nowhere,  to be nothing.  I wish you were!  I wish  you were in hell.  (knocks on door)  Bulstrode:  Ah, Mrs. Abel,  there you are.  Yes, sir?  I shall sit up  in my room after dinner.  - Don't hesitate to call me  if there's any change.  - Yes, sir.  You know the dose?  Two drops, every two hours.  - No more.  - Yes, sir.  Very good.  All right now.  All right,  there we are.  It'll make thee feel better.  - (Raffles yelling)  Give me some brandy!  - Mrs. Abel: Oh, I don't know.  I couldn't take it  on myself.  (arguing)  Mrs. Abel:  Well, I'll go and ask  the master then.  (footsteps approach)  - (knocks)  - Mr. Bulstrode, sir!  - What is it?  - Can I give him a little  brandy or port wine  just to settle him?  He's terrible restless,  and feels himself sinking.  What do you think, sir?  Can I?  - (Raffles yells)  - Just a couple  of glasses, sir,  to nourish his blood  a bit, poor creature.  Can I have the key  to the wine cupboard, sir?  It's not a time  to spare when people  are at death's door.  Wait!  (Raffles  continues wailing)  Oh thank you, sir.  I'll dose him up directly.  I'm sure it's for the best.  - Mrs. Abel: There.  - (Raffles moans)  Careful.  Careful!  Now that's enough.  Give me that now.  - That's it.  - (Raffles coughing)  I don't understand.  When did  the change begin?  Between 3:00  and 4:00 I'm told.  I did not watch  with him last night. I was overworn.  I left him in  Mrs. Abel's care.  And she understood  the dosage?  Of course.  It's over.  More work for  the undertaker, eh?  Morning to you,  Mr. Bambridge.  - Good day.  - Passed you by Lowick  churchyard again this morning. Trade must be very good.  In point of fact,  he was a poor man  with no friends.  Bulstrode paid it all.  Bulstrode's a close man.  Close as wax.  Well known for it.  So why is he paying  for another man's funeral?  - Who was the man?  - His name's Raffles.  Raffles?  Raffles  and Bulstrode.  Bambridge:  Raffles told me  he could tap Bulstrode  for any amount.  And now he's dead.  - Where did he die?  - At Stone Court, sir.  The housekeeper said he was  a relation of the master's,  but he wasn't.  Was there any doctor  in attendance?  Ah! Dr. Lydgate.  When a man's been enticed  to a lonely house,  nobody to come near  but Dr. Lydgate?  Well known  for cutting up folk  before the breath is  well out of their body.  And now, he's paying off  Mr. Byles the butcher  with a bill that's been  running a twelvemonth.  Hmph!  I don't need  anybody telling me  there's been more going on  nor the prayer book's  got a service for.  I don't need to sit  winking and blinking  and thinking.  - They should dig him up  and have the crowner.  - That's right.  That being done,  if there was foul play,  they should point it out.  Not they, Hiram.  Oh, I know what doctors are,  they're a deal too cunning.  This Lydgate...  will have drugs  you can neither  smell nor see.  You mark my words,  they've done away  with that poor soul.  The pair of them!  (chatting)  (gavel raps)  If the meeting  would come to order.  The purpose of this  extraordinary meeting  is to review  the measures taken  against the recent case  of cholera in the town.  And to consider  further measures,  principally  the acquisition of land  to be used  as a burial ground.  Mr. Bulstrode.  Mr. Chairman?  I request  permission to speak  on a matter  of public feeling.  Man: Aye.  I think most gentlemen here  know what I'm talking about.  (crowd murmurs)  Very well,  Mr. Hawley.  I am speaking now,  not simply for myself,  but on behalf  of a group  of my fellow townsmen.  Eight in all,  all present here today.  (agrees)  We call  upon Mr. Bulstrode  to resign,  immediately  and for good  from all those  public positions  which he now holds,  not simply  as a taxpayer,  but as a gentleman  amongst gentlemen.  (murmuring)  There are practices  and there are acts  which the law  cannot visit –  though they may be worse  than many things which are  legally punishable.  A man, now dead,  a man who died  in Mr. Bulstrode's home  alleged to more  than one person  that Mr. Bulstrode  was for many years  engaged in  nefarious practices.  (crowd murmurs)  That he won  his great fortune  by dishonest means  and held onto it  by worse.  I call upon  Mr. Bulstrode  either to deny and confute  those allegations now,  or else to withdraw  from those positions  which he could only hold  as a gentleman  among gentlemen!  (crowd clamors)  Bulstrode:  I protest...  against this sanction  of proceedings against me,  which are dictated  by hatred!  Who?  Who shall be  my accuser?  Not men whose own lives  are unchristian.  Nay, scandalous.  Answer the charges!  Not men whose profession  is a tissue of chicanery,  and who spend their incomes  on sensual enjoyments,  while I  have devoted mine  to the advancement  of the best objects  for this life  and the next.  If you mean me, sir,  I call on you  and everyone else  to the inspection  of my professional life.  I repudiate your  canting Christianity, sir.  And call on you again  to answer the charges  laid against you  or resign!  (crowd shouting)  - And as for the way  I spend my income –  - Resign!  I don't maintain thieves!  Or cheat offspring  of their inheritance!  - Man: Scum!  - Hawley: In order  to set myself up  - as saintly killjoy!  - Chairman: Mr. Hawley!  (crowd murmuring)  Man:  Come on, quiet!  Mr. Bulstrode.  It is not desirable, I think,  to prolong  the present discussion.  Seeing as you seem  unwilling or unable  to answer immediately  the allegations made,  I recommend you  at present,  as one of those  who hopes to see  your reinstatement  in respect,  to quit  the room now  and avoid further  hindrance to business.  (crowd jeering)  Man:  Go ahead,  stand up!  (crowd yelling)  (whispering)  I'm very sorry,  but Mrs. Plymdale  is not at home.  (gossiping)  How can you believe it  without knowing the facts?  We must find out what  the truth is and clear him.  It's a delicate  matter.  Lydgate is proud  and sensitive.  I count myself his friend,  but I would shrink from  questioning him.  We must do  what we can, surely. I cannot be indifferent  to the troubles  of a man who helped me  in my trouble.  Can you?  Chettam:  You can't manage  a man's life for him, Dorothea.  He must know  how he stands.  He will clear himself, if he can be clear.  The devil of it is,  he has no way of proving  his innocence.  There is  his previous character to speak for him.  I'm afraid character  is not something that is  cut in marble.  It may become diseased,  as bodies do.  Well then, it may be  rescued and healed.  I am sure that Dr. Lydgate  could clear himself,  and then we could all  stand by him and bring him  out of this trouble.  - Walter?  - God help you, Harriet.  - You know it all.  - What? What?  I know nothing.  Nothing.  What is it,  Walter?  No one will  speak to me.  No one will  tell me anything.  What is it?  Is it  so very bad?  I believe  it's just about as bad  as it could be.  You'd better have stayed  a Vincy all your life.  And so had  my poor Rosamond.  Ah, sister.  It's a bad business.  Look up, Nicholas. (sobbing)  Rosamond:  None of them  will come, Tertius.  Not one.  Everyone indisposed,  or otherwise engaged.  We shall have  to be content  with each other.  You know we must  leave Middlemarch now.  What have you heard?  Everything...  I suppose.  My father told me.  - Good morning, sir.  - Good morning.  - Nice trip?  - Yes, thank you.  How my orders  came to be disobeyed,  I still don't know.  It's one of those cases  which are judged on  a man's character.  And Bulstrode's character  has enveloped me, you see, in the public eye,  because I took his money.  Well it's done now.  It can't be undone. I cannot believe  that this should have  happened to you.  You meant to lead  a higher life  than the common  and to find  better ways.  Yes, I had  some ambition.  I thought I had  more strength  and mastery.  I cannot rest in this  as unchangeable.  Suppose we kept on  the hospital  according  to the present plan?  People would gradually  come round to you.  They would soon see  that your purposes were pure.  That might do if I had  my old trust in myself.  Nothing galls me more  than the notion of running away  before this slander.  Still, I can't ask anyone  to put a great deal of money  into any plan  which depends on me.  I am very uncomfortable  with my money.  I need to do something  good with it.  The hospital would be  one good.  Helping to make  your life quite whole  and well again  would be another.  You have the goodness  as well as the money  to do all that, but –  you know what sort of  bond marriage is.  I cannot now  take any step  without considering  my wife's happiness.  She married me...  without knowing  what she was going into. I cannot see her miserable.  When she saw the good  that might come of staying?  She would not see it.  And indeed, I have  lost all spirit  about carrying on  my life here.  We have not been able  to talk to each other  about it.  She may fear that I  really have done  something base.  May I go and speak  with her?  If Mrs. Lydgate knew  that there were friends  who would believe in you,  she might be glad  that you should stay  and recover your hopes.  Perhaps then you would see  how important it is  that you continue  at the hospital.  Surely you would,  if you still have faith  in it is a means of making  your knowledge useful.  You need not decide  immediately.  I cannot concern it,  to being the cause  of your goodness  being wasted.  Let the new hospital  be joined to the old infirmary  and everything go on  as if I never had never  come to Middlemarch.  I can think of nothing  for a long while  but getting an income  and supporting my wife. Let me at least  help you in that way,  give you an annual sum  until you are free from wants.  I can't allow myself  to be pensioned for work I never achieved!  I must think what  will please the world  and bring in money,  look for an opening  in the London crowd  and push myself.  That's the sort of shell  I must creep into  and try to keep  my soul alive in.  That is not brave...  - to give up the fight.  - No.  It is not brave.  You have made  a great difference  by believing in me.  If you can clear me  in a few other minds,  especially  in Farebrother's,  I should be  deeply grateful.  Mr. Farebrother  will believe.  Others will believe.  I will take any pains  to clear you.  You will do me  another great kindness then,  and come and see my wife?  Oh yes, of course  I will.  You have  achieved much  in Middlemarch.  Nothing to what  I dreamt of.  Humankind  has advanced  by small steps as well as  great ones,  does it not?  I must  believe that.  Perhaps.  I sometimes wake  very early,  go out alone,  and imagine I can  hear the cries  of all the  scurrying creatures in the grass.  There's so much  suffering in the world. I think of it  as a kind of  muffled cry  on the other side of silence.  If our senses  were sharp enough  to apprehend it all, I think the pain of it  would destroy us.  I think we should  be glad we are not too sensitive.  And work in any  small way we can  to help our  fellow creatures.  - Come in, my lady.  - Is Mrs. Lydgate at home?  Oh, I'm not sure. - Would you like  to walk upstairs?  - Thank you.  If you'd like to wait  in the drawing room  there...  I'll see if  she's upstairs.  (talking quietly)  I'm so sorry,  Mrs. Lydgate.  The servant didn't know  you were here.  I came to deliver  a letter for Dr. Lydgate.  - Oh please –  - Goodbye.  - Good afternoon.  - Good afternoon.  - Will your packages  be arriving, ma'am?  - No, thank you, Pratt.  Is there anything...? (sobbing)  Why?  Why?  I did love him.  I did love him.  (crying)  Morning, ma'am.  Morning!  Looks like a fine one.  Yes.  Yes it does!  Dorothea:  Believe me, your husband has warm friends.  We've not left off  believing in his  high character.  I have spoken to  Sir James Chettam  and Mr. Brooke,  and Mr. Farebrother. They all believe  in your husband.  That will cheer you, will it not?  That will  give you courage.  Thank you.  You are very kind.  I did not think  you would be  so kind.  I...  I know that your  husband cares more for your happiness  than anything else. Nothing hurts him more than that his misfortunes must hurt you.  The reason he  told me this was because  I was very bold  and asked him.  Tertius is so angry  and impatient with me.  If I say anything...  Marriage is so unlike  anything else.  There is something  even awful  in the nearness  it brings.  But even if we loved  someone else better,  better than those  we were married to,  it would be of no use.  I know it may be very dear, but it murders our marriage. And then the marriage  stays with us,  like a murder.  And everything else  is gone.  And then our husband,  if he loved  and trusted us,  and we have not helped him,  but made a curse in his life –  You are thinking  what is not true.  When you came in yesterday,  it was not as you thought.  In my unhappiness,  I had turned  to him for comfort.  He told me  that he loved  another woman,  and could never  respond to me.  He said yesterday  that no other woman  existed for him  besides you.  He said he could not  explain to you  what had happened  because of me.  But now, I have  told you  and he cannot  reproach me  anymore.  No, he cannot.  - You're not leaving?  - Yes, I must.  Thank you, Parsons. We have had  a long talk.  And I think –  I hope it has done  some good.  Mrs. Casaubon,  I must thank you  for the generous check. When one is grateful  for something too good  for common thanks –  No, it is I  who am grateful  I was able to help.  And I must tell you  that I have spoken  to Mr. Farebrother  and our other friends  and all of them  now believe in you utterly.  Well?  What do you think  of Mrs. Casaubon?  I think she must be  better than anyone.  And she is  very beautiful.  If you go and talk  to her so often,  you will be  more discontented  with me than ever.  But has she made you  any less discontented  with me?  I think she has.  Oh, Tertius,  how heavy your eyes are.  And do push your hair back.  (sighs)  Mr. Ladislaw!  Mr. Ladislaw.  - What's this?  - From Mrs. Lydgate.  Rosamond's voice:  "I have told Mrs. Casaubon the truth. "that there was never anything between us, "that you have always loved her, and her alone. "You will not have anything to reproach me with now. "I shall not have made any difference to you." Bulstrode: Harriet?  Harriet?  Is there anything  you would wish me  to do, Harriet,  with regard  to the property?  I would like it  if we could do  something  for Rosamond  and her husband before we leave Middlemarch.  Walter says  that they will  have almost nothing. Dr. Lydgate has rejected  any further service  from me, Harriet.  He has returned  the 1,000 pounds I lent him.  Mrs. Casaubon has now  advanced him that sum.  But, we might do something  for your nephew Fred.  He might be prepared  to take over this house  as tenant.  Caleb Garth,  before he left  my service,  told me Fred  was much changed.  And was likely  to turn out  very well.  Would it be  of satisfaction to you  if Fred were  to take Stone Court?  Yes, it would.  - (gasps)  - Stone Court?  But Bulstrode  never had a good word  to say about me.  Well, it seems he's  changed his mind...  as have others.  Not all bad,  Nicholas Bulstrode.  I don't think  many men are.  Well I shall certainly  make a go of it, Mr. Garth.  Mind you do.  We can get married  at once now, Mary.  - You'll be so poor!  - Oh, Kitty.  And what about  your plans?  James would have taken  any trouble for you.  And you might have gone on  all your life doing  what you liked.  On the contrary,  I never could do  anything I liked.  I've never  carried out  any plan yet.  Because you always  wanted things that  wouldn't do.  You would have  Mr. Casaubon with his  great soul.  And now to think  of Mr. Ladislaw –  who's got no estate  or anything.  - Oh Kitty.  - Well, it's very  serious, Dodo!  And you'll go away  among queer people,  and live in a street.  and I shall never see you.  And nor should  little Arthur.  - If you don't ever see me,  it will not be my fault.  - Yes it will.  How can I come to you  or have you with me  when James can't bear it?  Is he very fond  of you, Dodo?  I hope so.  I'm very fond  of him.  That is nice.  Only I would rather you had  such a sort of husband  as James is,  with a place very near  that I could drive to.  I cannot think  how this all came about.  I daresay not.  Can't you tell me?  No, Kitty.  You would have  to feel with me,  else you would  never know.  Narrator:  Dorothea never repented  that she had given up  position and fortune  to marry  Will Ladislaw,  who was eventually  returned to Parliament  by a constituency  which paid his expenses.  Lydgate built up  a successful practice,  alternating  between London  and a continental  bathing place.  He always  regarded himself  as a failure.  He died at 50,  leaving his wife  and four children  well provided for.  And Mrs. Lydgate  soon afterwards married  an elderly  and wealthy physician,  who took kindly  to the children.  All who have cared  for Fred Vincy and Mary Garth  will like to know  that these two achieved  a solid, mutual  happiness.  Fred became rather  distinguished as a farmer.  But was always prone  to believe  he could make money  by the purchase of a horse,  which turned out  badly.  Though this,  Mary observed,  was of course  the fault of the horse,  not of Fred's  judgment.  They had three children,  all boys.  Never became rich,  but saved enough  to become the full owners  of Stone Court.  And Dorothea –  she had no dreams  of being praised above  other women,  feeling that there was  always something better  which she might have done  if she had only been better  and known better.  Her full nature  spent itself in deeds  which left no great name  on the earth.  But the effect of her being  on those around her  was incalculable.  For the growing good  of the world  is partly dependent  on unhistoric acts,  and on all  those Dorotheas  who live faithfully  their hidden lives,  and rest  in unvisited tombs.  OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 