Middlemarch: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Middlemarch 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Middlemarch (1994): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 Dr. Lydgate's finances have reached a crisis and many of his furnishings are repossessed. Unbeknownst to him, his wife Rosamond has written to his uncle Godwin asking for £1000 but he responds directly to Lydgate in a most deprecating manner. Lydgate approaches Nicholas Bulstrode who agrees to lend the funds. Bulstrode's nemesis has also returned but when the man dies in his house, rumors sweep the village that he was complicit in the man's death. Having accepted money from Bulstrode, Dr. Lydagate's reputation is also tarnished and no one will speak to him. Having returned to Middlemarch, Will Ladislaw declares his love for Dorothea. Fred Vincy and Mary Garth agree to get married. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (piano music playing)  Come.  Come and sit by me.  Rosy...  I'm afraid  this will hurt you. But there are things  we must face together. Ever since our marriage, our expenses have exceeded our income and...  I've been forced to borrow against the security  of our furniture and plate. I still hope this will be  a temporary expedient.  After all,  we are owed almost as much  as we owe others.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But...well...  these things must be done  at what Middlemarch calls  the proper way.  Tomorrow some men are coming  to make an inventory  of the furniture.  It's only a security.  They're not coming to take  anything away,  just to make a list  of what we're offering as...  security.  Have you asked  papa for money?  - No, of course not.  - Then I shall.  No, Rosy,  I don't wish you to do that.  In any case, it's too late.  No, you can send the men away  tomorrow when they come.  That isn't possible.  I must insist  your father isn't told  unless I choose to tell him.  Maybe your uncle Godwin  would help if we were  to go and visit him.  We're not wanted  at my uncle's, Rosy.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You don't know everything,  Tertius.  Captain Lydgate said Sir Godwin had the highest opinion of  his nephew's talents,  and that Mrs. Lydgate  was the most beautiful woman  that ever graced  the table there.  Those are the words of a coxcomb trying to turn your head  with flattery.  Understand me  when I tell you  that it is useless to appeal  to my family for help!  Then why do you tell me at all?  What do you want from me?  What can I do?  Try not to grieve.  We shall weather it. We must, somehow,  change our way of living. I've been  a thoughtless rascal. You're so clever that if you  turn your mind to managing,  you'll soon school me into carefulness.  Can we not leave  Middlemarch?  And go to London,  Tertius, or Bath or...  to Durham where  your family is known?  We can go nowhere  without money,  Rosamond.  Come.  Look.  This is Spooner's account. He tells me he will take  a good deal of the plate  back again and –  and any of the jewelry we like.  He's being very good about it.  Are we to go without knives  and forks then?  No, of course not.  See...  I've marked a number of things here that we rarely use.  I've not marked  any of the jewelry. No. It's useless  for me to look.  You must return  what you please.  Here is all the jewelry you ever gave me.  You can return  what you like of it and any of the plate as well.  Please don't expect me  to stay at home tomorrow. I shall go  to papa's.  And when will you  come back?  Oh, in the evening. You needn't worry, I shan't  mention the subject to mama. Rosy...  now we're married,  you shouldn't leave me  by myself  in the first trouble  that has come to us.  I shall do everything  it becomes me to do.  It is surely better to manage  the thing ourselves  and let the servants see  as little of it as possible.  Very well.  I will stay at home.  Thank you.  I shan't touch  your jewels.  I shall write out a list  of plate that we can return. We shall not miss that.  Oh, there's no ink!  Here, Tertius, let me  get it for you.  Oh, Rosy, come...  Let us make  the best of things.  It will only be  for a time.  Kiss me.  Mrs. Cadwallader:  Oh, Dorothea.  - Just in time.  - You see, Mrs. Cadwallader,  I am not yet  run into madness  or melancholy.  I see, my dear,  very well and with great pleasure.  Dear Dodo, do take off  that cap. I'm sure  it makes you feel ill.  Not at all.  I'm used to it now.  I feel rather exposed  when it's off.  I must  see you without it.  it makes us all warm. - There.  - Chettam: Ah, much better.  No need to make  a slavery of mourning,  not amongst your friends.  My dear Celia,  a widow must wear her mourning  for at least a year.  Well, not if she marries again  before the end of it.  Lady Chettam:  That is very rare,  I hope.  No friend of ours ever committed herself in that way –  except Mrs. Beevor.  And severely  she was punished for it.  They say Captain Beevor dragged  her about by the hair  and held up loaded  pistols at her.  Oh, but if she took  the wrong man,  any marriage is wrong then,  first or second,  but if she can marry blood,  beauty and bravery...  the sooner the better.  I think the subject  of this conversation  is very ill chosen.  - Suppose we change it.  - Dorothea: Not on my account.  I have quite  other thoughts about my life.  I shall never marry again.  You see, I have been thinking  about what to do at Lowick.  I am going to build  a kind of colony there,  where everybody shall live  and everybody shall work.  And the work  shall be done well.  I want to know every one of  the people and be their friend.  I will consult Mr. Garth.  He will tell me what is possible and how to go about it.  Well.  Oh, Dodo.  Then you'll be happy  if you have plans again.  (baby coos)  And so will little Arthur.  Thank you. Yes.  Arthur says when he grows up,  he will have great plans...  and consult with Mr. Garth  about them every day.  Won't you, baby?  Lydgate:  I feel as if I've lost control  of my life, Farebrother.  (sighs)  I neglect my private practice  for the new hospital.  Bills mount up. I seem to have lost some...  intellectual edge  I once had.  Oh come,  your work on cholera  is widely admired.  Any fool could have done that.  It's simply public education  and better standards  of cleanliness.  I wanted to do something  fundamental,  discover what primal unit  of life it is –  oh God!  I can't even manage  my own household budget,  it seems.  Well, there you have  a lovely wife  to share the burden  with you.  Yes, she is lovely, isn't she?  My wife is, after all,  a lovely woman.  I must be going.  I have kept you  up too late.  Lydgate.  You were a great help to me  not so long ago.  Your helping me  to the curacy at Lowick  has enabled me to change  the course of my life,  and for the better.  I don't wish  to embarrass you...  but is there any way  that I can help you now?  Not unless  you were very rich.  No, I've dug myself in,  but I shall dig myself out.  Oh, forgive me,  Farebrother.  I'm not usually  such a bear.  It's only money,  after all.  (scoffs)  I'd site the cottages  on higher ground than you  have them here.  That's marshy ground  down in that hollow.  Drain it as many times  as you like,  you'd never get rid  of the damp.  It'll have  to be leveled.  It seems likely you'll lose  some land to the railway.  There's a great deal of fear  and doubt about it amongst  the farmers.  But I see it  as an opportunity.  The compensation will help  finance your colony.  Well, good.  And do you think  we might build  a cottage industry  here at Lowick?  - I thought perhaps a pottery?  - Aye, why not?  The clay is good  hereabouts.  And people will be always  wanting crocks.  I'll go back and make up  new working drawings  and cost the whole thing  up directly.  Excellent.  Excellent good work to do.  Just the sort of meat  I like to get my teeth into.  You've made me  very happy today. It will involve  great expense.  Oh, I don't mind  about that, Mr. Garth. (piano playing)  We are like two prisoners,  aren't we?  - Are we?  - I think so.  I am a prisoner of poverty.  We are both prisoners  of gossip.  And you are a prisoner  of love,  - I believe.  - Oh?  Tertius wondered why  you stayed on so long  in Middlemarch,  after saying  you were leaving.  I said I think I know.  There is a powerful magnet  in this neighborhood.  To be sure.  - No one knows that  better than you.  - (laughs)  I speak of Mrs. Casaubon.  What a romance  it would make.  The jealous old husband  laying a plan  to spoil his young wife's  happiness,  making a will in which she  would forfeit her property  if she marries  his young cousin.  And then I'm sure the end  will be thoroughly romantic.  Where did you hear this?  From my brother Fred.  I thought everyone  in the county had  heard of it.  You mean you didn't know  of it yourself?  No, I did not.  Great God!  I daresay she will like you  better than the property.  - When shall we hear  about the marriage?  - Never!  You will never hear of it!  Chettam:  It's an outrage that that  young adventurer Ladislaw  is still walking about  Middlemarch  proud as a peacock  as if he had every right to.  Mrs. Cadwallader:  I suppose he has,  Sir James.  I know it's a disgrace  to be a foreigner,  but unfortunately  it's not yet a crime.  Come, come,  it is no joking matter. I suppose the whole county  knows by now about the terms of Casaubon's will.  By remaining here, he makes  Dorothea a subject of gossip and speculation.  Yes, you are  quite right.  And from what I hear,  he has done very little  for young Mrs. Lydgate's  reputation either.  I have been wondering how I could broach the matter to Dorothea without...  it is damnedly difficult, forgive me.  Enough. I understand.  You shall be innocent.  I don't mean that it's of any consequence –  only it's desirable  Dorothea should know there are reasons  why she should not  receive him again.  And I really can't  say so to her.  It will come lightly from you.  Trust me, Sir James.  Trust me.  Oh I hear you're going  to Tipton, my dear?  May I come with you?  Young Mr. Ladislaw, as I understand it, has still not gone  from Middlemarch.  That report was a false one.  He prefers, apparently, to spend his day  warbling with your  Dr. Lydgate's wife, or lying on her rug, some say.  But people  from manufacturing towns  were always disreputable. You began by saying that  one report was false.  Why should this one  not be false as well?  I shall not hear evil  spoken of Mr. Ladislaw.  He has suffered too much  injustice already.  Well, heaven grant it, my dear.  I mean that all  bad tales may be false. But it is a pity that... young Lydgate married  one of the Middlemarch girls.  I mean...  wasn't he  the son of somebody? Oh well...  One cannot be wise  for other people.  Ooh, a chill breeze. I do not know why  we English stubbornly persevere  with open carriages. I know you don't want to believe it,  but it would be scandalous if you received him...  Mr. Bambridge.  I'm needing a first rate  gig horse.  I don't suppose you know  of one that would fit the bill?  Ah ha!  That I do, Mr. Hawley. A nice little  gray over at...  - I am getting out!  - Woman: Get out!  (slurred)  Don't distress yourself,  dear ladies!  I know when I am not wanted!  I have friends!  Take care with that  portmanteau, you ruffian!  Boy:  Give us some money, mister. Give us some money!  Come on,  give us some money. He's drunk.  Off with you,  go on!  You find...  John Raffles is at a temporary  low ebb in his fortunes.  I have to visit  a dear friend...  old Nick Bulstrode  of Stone Court.  - Mr. Bulstrode?  - Ah.  - A friend of yours?  - Oh, Nick is a dear friend.  (laughs)  I'm going that way, sir.  I can take you.  Nick'll pay.  Oh, he's paid before  and he'll pay again.  - This way.  - Oh, loves to see me...  loves to pay. - You're a saint  and a Christian, sir.  - Say no more, sir.  You're very welcome. Such a pity that your uncle  had to run away to France  and shut up the home.  Will you come in,  Mrs. Cadwallader?  No, my dear. I shall just take a walk through the garden.  Good afternoon, Mrs. Kell.  - Uncle's asked me to sort  a few things out for him.  - Oh, but Mrs. Casaubon –  - I shan't be long.  - Mr. Ladislaw is here!  Well thank you,  Mrs. Kell.  I wrote to you today. I am going away immediately.  I could not go  without speaking to you again.  I thought we had parted  when you came to Lowick  many weeks ago.  Yes, but when we spoke before,  I was dreaming that I might  come back someday.  I don't think I ever will now.  I wanted to say...  that I have only  lately heard the terms  of Mr. Casaubon's will.  They insult me grossly...  both in your eyes...  and in the eyes of others.  I wanted to say  that under no  circumstances...  would I have given men  the chance of saying  I sought money...  under the pretext of seeking  something else.  There was no need of any  safeguard against me.  Your wealth  is safeguard enough!  I'm sure no safeguard  was ever needed against you.  I must go.  What will you do? Oh, I shall work away  at the first thing that offers.  I suppose one gets  a habit of doing without  happiness or hope.  Oh, what sad words!  There are things a man can only  go through once in his life.  This experience has  happened to me while  I'm still very young.  What I care for more  than I can ever care  for anything else...  is absolutely forbidden me.  I have never done you  any injustice.  Please remember me.  How can you say that?  As if I were not in danger  of forgetting everything else!  I think I must have gotten  a chill on the road,  somewhere around  Stoney Stanton.  It's a cold damp place...  is Stoney Stanton.  Oh, warming up now.  Oh, warming up.  (coughs)  Ah, Nicky's a good boy.  You can say  what you like.  Are you there, Nicky?  Oh, beggar me,  I'm talking to myself.  Oh boy.  I don't understand it,  Nicholas.  Surely he has  no further claim on us.  He is one of God's  creatures, Harriet. That is his claim.  "If thou doest it for  the least of my brethren,  - thou doest it for Me."  - But, Nicholas –  I know, my dear.  He is repulsive... degraded.  But you need not see or speak to him.  Mrs. Abel will tend to his needs.  And I shall send him away at first light tomorrow  in my own carriage.  You are very good,  Nicholas.  I knew him in other days  before he had sunk so deep. Nick!  Nicky old man.  Oh, come and keep me company.  (moaning)  (muttering)  (coughs)  (snoring)  Wake up! Wake up, sir! Oh, ha!  Nick.  You be silent and hear what I have to say.  My carriage will be here in ten minutes,  at 7:00.  And I shall conduct you  as far as Ilsley myself. - (moans)  - I will furnish you  with a reasonable sum.  But if you present  yourself here again,  if you return  to Middlemarch,  if you use your tongue  against me,  you will have to live  on such fruits as your  malice can bring you!  - (moans)  - I know the worst  you can do against me!  And I shall brave it  if you dare to thrust  yourself on me again!  Now get up, sir,  and do as I order you! Or I shall send  for the constable to take you off my premises.  (moans)  But he will return...  if death doesn't  take him first.  Why do You allow him  to torment me so?  Bit more  to the left there.  Right, let's take the next fifty.  Off you go.  To your left a bit. Them railway men taking  the same measurements,  Mr. Garth?  That's right, Tom. We're all at  the same work today. We'll be with them  by and by.  Laborer:  Damn those railway men!  The country's overrun by them!  They'll be cutting this land  into sixes and sevens.  Go cut up land  in another parish! Come on!  Let's get them, lads!  All:  Aye! Away with you!  Mr. Garth, look!  Go down and see  what's happening, Tom. Man:  Come back here, you!  What are you doing?  Give them all  the same medicine!  Tom! Tom!  - What are you playing at,  you damn fools?!  - Playing at?  You come down here,  young master!  I'll teach you a lesson!  You get down off that horse! I'll go a round with you!  - Don't be a damn fool!  - You're a coward!  I'll see you  hanged or transported,  every last one of you,  if you've killed that boy!  (laborers murmuring)  We were only  after a bit of fun.  Weren't we, lads?  Laborer: Aye!  Only a bit of fun.  - Fred: How is he, Mr. Garth?  - He's just coming round.  He can have my horse  and go up to Yoddrell's farm.  They'll take care of him.  I'd best go  and speak with them. - You all right, Tom?  - Yeah.  Why now, lads? How's this then?  Someone's been telling  you lies!  - The railroad does no harm.  - Does no harm?  They make cows  cast their calves,  and carve a great slice  through a poor man's land,  - and the law says  nothing to it!  - Nonsense!  Railway's a good thing.  Aye, good for big folk to make money out on.  - What about the poor man,  Mr. Garth?  - Laborers: Aye!  If times are hard,  it's not the railway  makes them so.  Those men are  on this land legally  and if you meddle with them,  then it will only mean  the constable and the handcuffs and Middlemarch jail.  So what's it to be, lads:  Live and let live?  Live and let live!  No need for you  to stir up trouble.  I seen lots of new things come up since I were  a young 'un.  The war, the peace,  the canals...  it's all alike  to the poor man.  Big folks makes money,  and the poor man gets  pushed aside.  Laborer:  Aye, that's true.  But then you're  for the big folks, Mr. Garth.  We're all sorry  about the lad, like.  Didn't mean him no harm.  You'll tell him that?  - I will, Timothy.  - All right then, lads.  (muttering)  Up you get.  There you go.  You feeling better now, Tom?  - I'm all right, Mr. Garth.  - Good lad.  Well...  that's my day's work gone.  I could help you,  Mr. Garth.  Aye, Fred.  You could.  Do you think  I'm too old to learn your business?  Do you think  I might be  any good in it?  I thought you were  for the church, Fred?  I don't want to go into the church,  Mr. Garth.  - And Mary won't  have me if I do.  - Ah.  I know a bit about  land and cattle.  You know I used to wish for land of my own –  to learn to manage  land for others would be the next best thing.  What have you said  to your father  about this?  Nothing. I don't like to disappoint him.  How could I know  when I was 15 what would be right for me to do?  My education  was a mistake.  - I know I have no claim on you. Quite the opposite, in fact.  - No, no Fred.  You have a claim.  The young ones  always have a claim on the old  to help them forward.  Come to my office  tomorrow at 9:00,  and we'll talk about it.  9:00 sharp, mind.  Thank you, Mr. Garth. - Thank you with all my heart.  - Right, let's get  this work done.  Mr. Vincy:  You have thrown away  your education  and gone down a step in life,  when I'd hoped to see you rise!  I've no more to say.  I wash my hands of you.  I only hope when you've  a son of your own  he'll make you better return  for all the pains  you spend on him.  I'm sorry that  we differ, father.  I hope you won't object  to my remaining at home.  I shall be able  to pay for my board now  and I wish to, of course.  Of course your mother  would want you to stay –  and board be hanged,  you're still my boy, Fred!  Let's hear no more  of that nonsense.  I shall keep no horse for you,  you understand?  And you can pay  for your own tailor!  You'll do with a suit  or two less, I fancy,  when you have to pay for them!  Will you shake hands  with me, father?  Oh...  Yes.  Yes, yes.  Say no more about it. Mr. Garth:  It's come about  as I thought, Susan.  The children are fond  of each other.  Fred and Mary, I mean.  I believe they love  each other, Susan.  I think she'll be  the making of him.  Oh.  Fred has asked me to teach him  farm management and surveying,  and the whole business.  Caleb...  Our Mary could have had a man  worth twenty Fred Vincys - Mr. Farebrother.  Of course, now that Fred  has used him as an envoy  there is an end to that.  Well.  That would have made me  very proud and happy.  But you took me,  though I was a plain man.  The lad is good  at bottom, Susan.  And he loves and honors  our Mary beyond anything.  It would break him  to lose her.  He has put his soul  in my hands  and I must do my best for him,  so help me God.  It's my duty, Susan.  Bless you, Caleb.  Our children  have a good father.  The best-naturedest,  most handsome young man  in Middlemarch,  to want to marry  such a plain, low,  little thing.  To give up the church  to be an estate manager!  It's very lowering,  Vincy!  - I'm quite cut up about it!  - Well, that's children.  Bound to be trouble.  Our Rosy's as bad.  Husband up to the neck  in debt.  Well, they'll get no money  from me because I've got none.  The bank owns me lock, stock  and barrel, so that's that.  Don't look dull, Lucy.  Don't make it worse  by letting me see you  out of spirits.  I'll drive you  to Riverstown tomorrow.  I think we shall  have to move house, Rosy –  as a temporary  expedient.  We must clear the debt  on the furniture within the next few months.  I think I see one way out.  Ned Plymdale is  going to be married  to Miss Sophie Toller.  I'm sure they'd be glad  to take this place  with most  of the furniture.  They'd pay handsomely  for the lease.  I was thinking  of asking Trumbull  to negotiate for us.  I am sorry.  I know it's painful,  but we have to do something.  I could never have believed  that you would like to act  in this way.  Like it?  Of course I don't like it!  - It's the only thing  I can do.  - Please –  - can we sell up and leave  Middlemarch altogether?  - To do what?  What's the use of my leaving  my work here in Middlemarch  to go where I have none?  We should be just as penniless  elsewhere as we are here!  If we are to be penniless, it will be your fault,  Tertius!  Why couldn't you show  a proper regard  for your family?  Sir...Sir Godwin was  very kind to me when we  were in Quallingham,  and I'm sure  that if you showed  a proper regard for him,  he would do  anything for you!  But instead, you like giving up  our house and furniture  to Mr. Ned Plymdale!  If you will have it so,  I do like it!  I like it better than  making a fool of myself  by begging where it's no use!  Understand then,  that is what I like to do!  Oh.  (panting)  Oh, Rosy, Rosy.  Rosamond.  Rosamond.  Forgive me.  Forgive me.  For we must  love one another.  We must love one another. - If we don't,  we have nothing.  - Tertius.  Oh Rosy.  To be without you... I couldn't bear it. Tertius, you're still dressed.  Oh Rosy!  Oh, hold me. (door opens)  Mrs. Garth.  I've just finished work. Mr. Garth will be down  in a moment.  Thank you, Fred.  I'm just reading  this letter from Alfred.  How is Alfred?  He's just won a prize  as best apprentice  in his year.  He's a great fellow, Alfred.  I'm afraid  he puts me to shame. Yes, Fred.  I'm afraid he does.  I know you think  I'm very undeserving.  But so long as Mr. Garth  and Mr. Farebrother have not given me up,  I'm not going  to give myself up.  I have another encouragement that means more to me  than anything.  That I might win Mary,  I mean.  I expect Mr. Garth told you.  I don't expect you were surprised.  Surprised that Mary  encouraged you?  Yes, I confess  I was surprised.  No, I mean you  would not be surprised that I love Mary.  And she never gave me  any encouragement when I spoke to her myself, but when I asked  Mr. Farebrother  to speak for me,  she told him  that there was hope. You made a mistake  in asking Mr. Farebrother  to speak for you.  Did I?  - How? I don't understand.  - Yes.  Young people are  usually blind to everything  but their own wishes.  You don't mean that - Mr. Farebrother  is in love with Mary?  If it were so, Fred...  I think you are the last person  who ought to be astonished.  Is Mary here now,  Mrs. Garth?  Yes, she's in the orchard, Fred. I believe she is talking  to Mr. Farebrother.  (laughing)  (loud laughter)  Fred!  Is Mr. Garth returned?  - Yes, he's in his office.  - Good.  (chuckles)  Ah, bear with me.  I must have a word  with him.  What a comical  expression, Fred. What can you be thinking?  You know it's no use.  You're bound to marry him  in the end.  He beats me  in every respect.  You're very ungrateful, Fred,  after he spoke up for you.  I am not ungrateful!  I just have this dreadful  certainty  I shall be  bowled out by him.  Oh, Fred.  What a fool you are.  Couldn't you see  he left us together  on purpose?  Oh.  And now you've  wasted your chance... and serves you right. (knocks)  Mrs. Plymdale:  Oh yes, thank you,  Ned is very happy.  And we are  very happy for him.  And Sophie Toller –  all I could desire  in a daughter-in-law,  a very nice girl.  No airs,  or pretensions.  Yes, I've always  found her very agreeable, Mrs. Plymdale.  I think there is  every prospect of their being a happy couple.  Do you know  which house they will take?  They must put up  with what they can get.  They have been looking at  a house next to Mr. Hackbutt's  in St. Peter's Place.  It is near the church  and a genteel situation.  But the windows  are very narrow.  You wouldn't happen to know  of any other house  that might be at liberty  now or in the near future?  Me?  Oh, no.  I'm sorry.  I hear so little  of these things.  (piano playing)  (humming to music)  You're a good girl, Rosy.  What are all those  papers, Tertius?  I suddenly got  the notion I might be able  to do something experimental.  This is work I set aside months ago.  I couldn't see how  to go on with it, but...  now, well...  there may be some powers  of ratiocination left  in my head after all.  By the way,  I forgot to tell you,  Ned Plymdale has  already taken a house.  In St. Peter's Place.  I met his mother  and she told me.  Oh, damn.  Well, perhaps someone else  may turn up.  I told Trumbull  to be on the lookout  if we failed with Plymdale.  How much money  is it that these  disagreeable people want  so that we needn't be  troubled by them anymore?  More than I am likely to get anywhere.  Tertius?  At least a thousand.  But I have to consider  what I shall do without it, not with it.  I should go to Trumbull  again tomorrow, and tell him to advertise the house  in "The Pioneer"  and "The Trumpet."  - Tertius?  - What?  I went to see  Trumbull today...  and I ordered him  not to enquire further.  May I ask why?  Ned Plymdale  had already taken a house.  And I knew that it would be very injurious to your position  if it was known that you  wished to part with your house  and furniture.  And I had a very strong  objection to it.  I should have thought that  that was reason enough.  (scoffs)  You had reason enough?  To contradict my orders secretly and treat me like a fool?  Is it possible  to make you understand  what the consequences  will be?  Is it of any use to tell you  again why we must part  with the house?!  No, it is not necessary  for you to tell me again.  I remember what you said.  You spoke just as violently  as you did just now.  But that doesn't  alter my opinion  that you ought to try  every other means  rather than take a step  which is so painful to me –  and so degrading to you.  And suppose I disregard  your opinion as you  disregard mine?  Oh, you may do so,  of course.  You may do so.  But I think you ought  to have told me  before we were married  that you would place me  in the very worst position,  rather than give up  your own will.  (scoffs)  When we were first married  everyone felt your position  would be very high.  I could not  have imagined then  that you would like  to sell our furniture,  take a house in Bridge Street  where the rooms are like cages.  If we are to live  in that way  let us at least  leave Middlemarch!  These would be very strong  considerations if I didn't  happen to be deep in debt!  Many people  have been in debt.  If they are respectable,  people trust them!  (scoffs)  May I at least request...  that you will not see  Trumbull at present?  - (scoffs)  - At least until  it has been seen  that there are  no other means!  Surely it's I who should  exact a promise that you won't  do anything more behind my back! What a mess you have made.  (shudders)  I hate your stupid experiments!  I hate them!  I –  (door slams)  Lydgate's voice:  "In a few years there will be "a first-class medical school in Middlemarch. Why should London and Paris... "...small work for Middlemarch and great work for the world. "...and in theory... ...ocean to swim in... "in five years time, I might be looking for a wife, "but you know my real passion..." What if  we redesigned it...  on a smaller scale?  Chettam:  It is very sad,  but you would need  to be as rich as Croesus  to build any  model village.  You saw for yourself  in Yorkshire  what would be  required.  I've already examined  the figures.  I must confess,  they surprised  me too.  Garth:  It is a great shame.  But I would be  a greater one  to botch it up  from a shortage  of resources.  And there are  a great many good ideas  for you to put to work  at your cottages  at Freshitt.  Yes.  Thank you, Mr. Garth. You've been very  helpful.  Thank you, both.  Bulstrode:  It was good of you, doctor,  to attend on me so promptly.  (tapping)  - Well that sounds  satisfactory.  - Oh.  There is a slight  irregularity of the pulse. The insomnia would not be anything to worry about,  but you seem to be  overextending yourself.  It would be well for you  to relax your attention  to business for a while.  - If that's possible.  - That is what I hope to do.  If the cholera  should come to Middlemarch –  as many believe  it will –  I fear its effects  on a delicate constitution  such as mine.  - You can congratulate yourself on doing your share  towards protecting  Middlemarch from infection.  - True.  But I have,  in any case,  been contemplating a withdrawal  from public business.  I think of changing  my residence  and retiring  to the coast.  I see.  I have, for some time,  felt that I should  open this subject  with you, in relation  to our hospital.  In the circumstances  I have indicated,  I must cease to have  any personal share  in the management.  And that being so,  I would wish to withhold  any further  financial contribution as well. The loss to the hospital  can hardly be made up, I fear. Oh...  I suggest an amalgamation  of the two hospitals under  a common management.  But that implies an end to all my reforms here. Sacrifices are  demanded of us all.  We must all be prepared  to submit to the divine will.  As to the funding,  I've already spoken  to Mrs. Casaubon.  It seems she may be  willing to take my place  as chief benefactor.  Thank you, Mr. Bulstrode. I'm obliged to you  for giving me  full notice.  I am not sure whether I shall be able  to continue  at the hospital.  Partly through  devoting so much time to my unpaid work,  I have slipped into  money difficulties.  Oh, I see.  Which I can see  no way out of.  Unless...  someone who trusts me  and my future  would advance me a sum without security.  It would take 1,000 pounds  to save me  from the bailiffs.  That is why I mention my position to you.  I see.  Well, I'm grieved,  but not surprised.  I have always regretted  your alliance  with my brother-in-law's  family,  which has ever been  of prodigal habits.  And which has been already  much indebted to me.  My advice to you,  Dr. Lydgate,  is that instead  of involving yourself  in further obligations,  you should simply become  a bankrupt.  It will be  a trial.  But trial, my dear sir,  is our portion here on earth.  OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 