Middlemarch: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Middlemarch 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Middlemarch (1994): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Middlemarch is a town of the future with growing industrialization and improved communications such as the railway. For the newly arrived Dr. Tertius Lydgate, the future is the construction of a new hospital where he will be able to continue his laboratory work in medical science. He soon learns however that he will have to support his benefactor's choice for hospital Chaplain if he has any hope of successfully establishing himself. For Dorothea Brooke, the future is marriage to the Rev. Edward Casaubon an intelligent man with whom the equally intelligent Dorothea has had many a stimulating conversation. For Fred Vincy, the future holds a huge inheritance, provided his father doesn't disinherit him owing to his rakish lifestyle and large gambling debts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Look.  - Man: we'll go further  down the line now.  - (grunting)  Drop off the next load.  Here we go.  The future.  Thank you.  - Here's your bag.  - Man: There we are.  I've got it.  - Is it Dr. Lydgate?  - Yes.  Welcome  to Middlemarch, sir. I understand  you've purchased  Dr. Peacock's practice. - Yes, I have.  - No doubt you'll  be kept busy, sir.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This way  if you please.  (giggling)  We're late. Let's go  back through the woods. (both laughing)  - (baby crying)  - (bird chirping)  Come on, Dodo,  we're going to be late.  Thank you, Pimble. I believe  I shall give up  riding, Celia.  Oh, Dodo!  Horses need exercise,  you know, and Pimble  needs employment.  Yes, I know,  but is that all  we can do,  - exercise horses  and employ servants?  - I don't know, Dodo.  Fences cost money,  you know?  They'll cost you a lot  more money if you let  'em rot, Mr. Brooke.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ah, now I think you'll find  there's a middle way, Roach,  a middle way.  Mr. Brooke,  the matter's urgent.  Your cattle are getting out.  If they got out,  they'll get in.  Woman:  His systems need purging.  - Shall I move him downstairs  and have him bled?  - No, no, no purpose.  It's relieving  to the spirit to be active,  but in these cases, there is  nothing to be done but observe  the progress of the fever.  I shall look at it  again tomorrow.  Lydgate, how are you?  Reverend Farebrother.  Well enough, as you see.  - Finding your feet then?  - I feel as if I've been here  all my life.  Good.  I've just been chatting  to old Mrs. Hislop.  She's some tales to tell about  this place in the old days  before you came...  - Make your blood  run cold, Lydgate.  - I doubt that very much.  All you medical men,  it takes a good deal  to shock you.  You see  all sides of life.  Oh! I ran into a friend  of yours the other day.  Trawley was the name.  Trawley? I knew him  when I was studying  in Paris.  He was such  a political idealist.  He wanted to found  a utopian community  in the forest.  - Did he ever do it?  - I think not.  He'd been a doctor at a German spa,  married his  richest patient, and retired  before he was 30. More of a realist than an idealist, I'd have said.  What a damned shameful  waste of a life.  Some might not say so.  Not everyone has  your moral fiber, Lydgate.  But I'm late for a christening,  shall I be forgiven?  I doubt it.  - Mr. Bulstrode.  - Ah.  - Good day to you.  - Mr. Farebrother.  Dr. Lydgate, will you  do me the favor  of walking across  to the bank with me?  The plans for  the new hospital  - are ready for your inspection. - Are they? Good. Good!  - Of course. - Excuse us. How soon will it  be ready for use?  - A matter of months.  - Excellent.  - Excellent.  - And I believe I can assure you it will be dedicated  as a fever hospital.  I advised  that it should.  - Man: That's the new  sawbones, is it?  - Lydgate, yes.  Very well spoken of. Clever man.  Good family too, they say.  Mmm.  This is  an excellent design,  Mr. Bulstrode.  The architect  has vision,  and he's been  well instructed. In a few years' time, we could have a first-class medical  school here in Middlemarch.  Why should London and Paris  and Edinburgh have it all?  I'm convinced  that the causes and treatment  of typhoid and cholera  will very soon yield  to rigorous scientific  investigation.  Why should they not  yield to it here,  in Middlemarch?  - Aye.  - Where are the kitchens?  Oh yes, I see.  Good, good.  You will continue  to give your services  without payment?  Yes, of course.  I have my general practice,  Mr. Bulstrode,  and my wants are modest.  I know I can do good here.  My aim is to do good,  small work for Middlemarch...  and great work  for the world.  You see, I am ambitious.  I am glad to hear it, sir.  As you know,  I mean to entrust to you  the superintendence  of my new hospital.  But you recognize  the existence  of spiritual interests  in your patients?  Of course.  This room would make  an excellent laboratory,  - don't you think?  - I refer to the chaplaincy  of the hospitals.  I am proposing to the committee  that Reverend Mr. Farebrother  should be replaced  by the Reverend Mr. Tyke.  Oh, what's wrong  with Farebrother?  Oh, he is a man  deeply painful to contemplate.  Though I suppose  there's not a clergyman  in this country  who has greater talents.  Really?  I haven't yet been pained  by finding any...  excessive talent  in Middlemarch.  I mean that Mr. Farebrother  has great talents,  but he dissipates  them shamefully.  He lacks spirituality.  He brings his calling  into disrepute.  Does he indeed?  Well, I have no knowledge  in these matters.  - If this room were  a laboratory –  - Dr. Lydgate –  the matter  of the chaplaincy will be  referred to the medical board.  It will be voted on.  You will be required to vote.  I trust I may ask  of you this at least,  in virtue of  the association between us  which I now  look forward to,  that you will not  be influenced  by my opponents  in this matter.  Let me boldly confess  to you, Dr. Lydgate,  that the affairs  of this temporal world  are as nothing to me  when they are in conflict  with my spiritual duty.  I trust I make  myself clear.  I'm not sure if I've made  the fireplaces big enough.  Farmworkers' cottages,  a new design.  Yes, very nice,  but you know uncle - they'll never  be built, Dodo.  Do you think we might look  through mama's jewels now,  and divide them between us? I think it will be lacking  in respect to mama's memory if we were to put them by and never look at them.  You know uncle has  invited Sir James Chettam - and that other gentleman  to dine with us this evening.  - Mr. Casaubon.  Uncle says he is  the most learned man  in the county.  What do you think  about mama's jewels? You mean you would  like to wear them?  I thought  we both might.  Look.  You can wear that  with your Indian muslin, Kitty.  And, Dodo, I thought  this cross for you.  Not as a trinket.  No you have it.  Have them all.  How can I wear ornaments if you never will?  It is too much to ask  that I should wear trinkets  to keep you in countenance.  They are lovely, though.  You know, it's strange  how deeply colors seem  to penetrate one.  Like scent.  They look like  fragments of heaven.  Here's a bracelet to match it.  Try it, please, Dodo.  - They are lovely.  - And necklaces are  quite usual now,  really, Dodo,  even for Christians.  Surely there must be women  in heaven now who wore jewels!  You must keep these,  if nothing else.  Say you will.  Perhaps I shall.  Brooke:  Sir Humphry Davy, now...  I dined with him years ago  at Cartwright's.  Wordsworth was there,  you know,  Wordsworth, the poet?  Davy was a poet too.  did you know that?  Or as you might say,  Wordsworth was poet one  and Davy was poet two,  do you follow?  Wordsworth was poet one  and Davy was poet two.  (guests laugh)  Do you know Davy,  Casaubon?  No, sir, I regret  that I do not.  Chettam here  has studied Davy,  and his agricultural  chemistry.  But it won't do.  I am reading  the agricultural  chemistry, Miss Brooke.  Because I want  to take one of my farms  into my own hands,  and see if I can set  a good pattern of farming  amongst my tenants.  Do you approve of that?  Why yes.  Very much indeed, Sir James.  I wish you could  persuade my uncle  to do the same.  Brooke:  No. It won't do. Fancy farming  I call it.  Most expensive sort of whistle  you can buy. May as well  keep a pack of hounds.  Surely it's not a sin,  uncle, to spend money  in finding out how to make  the most of the land  that supports us.  Brooke:  The ladies don't understand  political economy, you know.  No, a little  light literature  is more to their taste.  - Uncle.  - Novels, you know.  Poetry,  Scott, Shelley.  Southey now.  Do you know Southey  at all, Casaubon?  I have at present  little leisure  for modern  literature.  I live too much  with the dead, perhaps. (Mr. Brooke chuckles)  Casaubon's engaged  upon a great work, you know?  Isn't that so,  Casaubon?  I believe I am, yes. Perhaps too great a work for the mind of one man  to compass.  May I know what it is,  Mr. Casaubon?  I'm compiling a key  to all mythologies,  Miss Brooke.  I'm seeking to elucidate  those elements  which underpin every  system of belief  known to man.  It's not perhaps  a subject of great interest  to young ladies.  On the contrary.  To me that seems like  a wonderful endeavor.  Well, you're very kind,  Miss Brooke.  I'm much encouraged.  How do you arrange  your documents?  Pigeon-holes, partly.  Ah, pigeon-holes will not do.  I never know whether a paper's  in "a" or "z". I wish you would let me  sort your papers, uncle.  I would letter them all.  And then make a list of subjects under each letter.  But you have  an excellent secretary  at hand, you perceive.  I hear you're determined  to give up riding, Miss Brooke.  - Surely that isn't true.  - It is true, Sir James.  Oh, but why? You're such  an accomplished horsewoman.  And it is such  healthy exercise.  And every lady should be  a good horsewoman, you know –  that she may accompany  her husband.  Surely it isn't possible  you should think  riding is wrong?  It is quite possible  that I should think it  wrong for me.  Oh? Why?  I simply feel  there ought to be  a better way to live.  But surely –  - Perhaps we should not  inquire too closely,  as to motives.  I believe I understand  your response, Miss Brooke.  Thank you.  There seems to be  so much that is trivial about our lives here.  And I'm so  very ignorant.  My education  has been so imperfect. There's so much  to do,  so much to learn.  You're truly interested  in scholarship then?  Oh yes.  It must be wonderful to be engaged  in some great work as you are.  It is a great challenge  to bring together  all the major disciplines –  theology, philosophy,  cosmology –  to show how every faith  springs from the same  outward source.  It is a great endeavor.  My notes already present  a formidable range  of volumes.  But the crowning task  would be to condense  these still expanding insights  into a single, unified whole.  Oh yes.  Miss Brooke, this visit  for me has been...  ...may I say this?  More than pleasant.  I have felt  the disadvantage  of loneliness  that inevitably accompanies  any serious scholarship.  But the presence  of youth...  ...of cheerful  companionship...  perhaps I've said  too much.  No, not at all.  I feel  I understand you.  And if I say in my turn, that I have longed for  some great purpose  in my life which would  give it shape and meaning. You do not find  such an aspiration  ridiculous?  Surprising, perhaps,  in one so young,  but not ridiculous.  No. Not  ridiculous at all.  It is time  for me to leave.  Yes, of course.  Brooke:  Now then, a good  journey to you,  and a safe one.  They're full of oats,  they'll take you  a good crack.  Well, well, he's not such  a bad fellow after all.  (Mr. Brooke chuckles)  (men laughing)  Hiram, are you  counting?  (men murmuring)  (men "ooh")  89!  (talking quiets)  Man:  Luck of the devil,  Mr. Farebrother.  Oh, lovely little  player though.  Could have made  a living of it.  'e does make a living  at it, near enough.  Pays for his butter  if not his bread,  aye, me lads?  Well, that vicaring's  not a paying game.  I don't blame him.  - (men cheering)  - Well done, Mr. Farebrother!  Found another lamb to fleece,  I see, Mr. Farebrother.  More fool you, Mr. Fred,  for playing with a clergyman.  Clergy always wins,  you know.  - God's on their side.  - And so he is, Mrs. Dollop.  - Yup.  - Yeah.  Master Vincy.  Over here.  I'm afraid I can't afford  to pay you just yet,  Mr. Bambridge.  No? (laughs)  I'm not surprised.  I hope I shan't have to speak  to your father about it.  - Mr. Bambridge.  - Mr. Farebrother.  Your winnings, sir.  Good.  - Good evening.  - Man: Evening, sir.  Evening.  Evening, Mrs. Dollop.  Evening,  Mr. Farebrother.  (hooves clop)  (bells ringing)  Farebrother:  Lydgate!  Excellent.  Well met.  Are you  busy this evening?  Where are you off to?  Just a solitary supper  in my lodgings with a book for company.  There's an experiment  I want to think about. Postpone it.  Come home and take  a supper at my house.  No, I insist.  Then you can inspect  my collection.  What do you  say to that?  Woman:  Here are the glasses, Camden.  Good night.  - Good night, Camden, dear.  - Farebrother: Good night,  mother.  - Good night all.  - Woman: What a charming man.  - (door shuts)  - Lydgate: Formidable.  You're a scientist.  (laughs)  I keep my mind alive.  You have no hobbies  yourself?  There's so much  I want to achieve in my profession, both practically  and in theory.  I have the ocean  to swim in here.  - Many men would call  Middlemarch a backwater.  - It's ideal for my purposes.  I want to work on fever,  the prevention  and the treatment.  I think I'll be able  to show dramatic results  in a town of this size.  By example I want  to bring about a general reform in practice.  We shouldn't still  be making our money  by selling panaceas  that are as useful  as bottled ditchwater. I believe you'd like  to make Middlemarch  a model for all England  to follow.  That's exactly  what I want to do. In the country  you can follow your own course more easily.  People let you alone. You can get on  with your own life.  Hmm...  Lydgate, I think  I should warn you.  You're new  to Middlemarch.  It's not the simple place  it seems.  For example,  you're my friend, I hope.  But if you vote for me  as a chaplain to the new  hospital,  you'll make an enemy  of Bulstrode.  And that is something  no one should do lightly.  - He can do you harm.  - I hope I act on my beliefs,  not out of petty  expediency.  Life's too short  for that sort of...  provincial  moral shabbiness.  What does Bulstrode  have against you?  That I don't teach  his opinions –  which he calls  spiritual religion.  It's the sort  of Christianity  that does more to make  people feel uncomfortable  than to make them  feel better.  It makes me shudder.  And he says I haven't the time  to look after both hospitals.  That's true.  But I could  make the time.  And I should be glad  of the £40.  I should be happier  to earn it  in the exercise  of my vocation,  rather than  in the billiard room  or at the card table.  But let's dismiss  all that.  Just remember,  if you do vote with Bulstrode,  you're not to cut me  in consequence.  Idealists and intelligent men  are thin on the ground  in Middlemarch.  I simply can't afford  to do without you, Lydgate.  Thank you,  Pritchard.  Knock at Mr. Fred's door again, Pritchard,  - and tell him  it's gone half past 10:00.  - Yes, Mrs. Vincy.  Mama, when Fred  comes down,  I wish you  would not let him  have red herrings.  I can't bear  the smell of them  all over the house. Rosamond, my love,  a red herring's  not much, is it?  We women must learn  to put up with little things  and if it's only the smell  of a red herring, you can  count yourself lucky.  - You'll be married someday.  - Yes, but not to anyone  like Fred.  And not to anyone  who has red herrings. - And not to anyone  at all from Middlemarch.  - So it would seem, my dear,  - for you've as good as  refused the pick of them.  - Mama –  - What is it, Rosy?  - I wish you would not say  the pick of them.  It is rather  a vulgar expression.  Yes, very lightly,  my dear.  What should  I say then?  The best of them.  Well, I never.  That sounds just as plain  and common to me,  but with your education,  you must know, dear.  Good morning, mother.  Rosy.  Rosamond.  Ham, toast,  potted beef.  Is there nothing else for breakfast?  - Should you  like eggs, sir?  - Eggs?!  No, bring me  a grilled bone.  - Yes, sir.  - Rosamond: Really, Fred.  What would you  think of me  if I came down  at half past 10:00  and ordered  grilled bone?  I should think you were an uncommonly fast  young lady.  I don't see why  brothers have to be  so disagreeable.  Disagreeable describes your feelings,  not my actions.  - I think it describes  the smell of a grilled bone.  - Not at all.  It describes the sensation  in your little nose associated  with certain finicking notions  acquired in Mrs. Lemon's  Finishing School.  Mother, I shall ride over  to Stone Court this morning.  Oh? To see Mary Garth,  I suppose.  It's a pity you  have not the patience to go see your uncle more often, Rosy.  So proud of you as he is,  and wanted you to go  and live with him  and now Mary Garth  has got in there.  Mary Garth can bear Stone Court  because it was that or becoming  a governess.  I would rather not have  anything left to me  if I must earn it  by enduring my uncle's cough  and his ugly relations.  Now, Rosy, neither you nor Fred  can afford to be so proud.  Uncle Featherstone  is fond of you,  but he'll leave you nothing  unless you show yourselves  agreeable.  Those horrid relations of his  are camped out in that parlor  night and day  like carrion crows.  The least you could do is go and sit with him an hour, Rosy.  - He's not long for this world.  - Very well, mama.  I'll go with Fred this morning - just to please you.  I'll even sing  "Ye Banks and Braes"  for the 137,000th time  if my uncle requests me to.  Rosamond:  Mama says there's a new doctor  tending uncle Featherstone.  Yes, Lydgate.  Clever fellow too.  - Fred: Ah ha. I see.  - What do you mean by that?  Now I know why  we're going to Stone Court.  Fred!  Damn it, I wish I had  a halfway decent horse.  There, there.  Never mind, Sugar.  Come on.  (piano playing)  Ye'll break my heart ye warbling birds that warble on a flowery thorn (coughs)  Ye mind of departed joys (coughing)  departed never to return. Very good, Missy.  Just like a little blackbird.  What would she know  of departed joys?  No much, I hope.  (laughs)  (forced laughter)  Fred Vincy, come here.  Be off with the lot of you.  Off with you.  I've got a bone  to pick with this boy here.  That's it, sit close. Good boy.  Now then,  a little bird  has told me that  you've got into debt with your constant  playing at billiards for high stakes.  And this same  little bird tells me that you've been borrowing on your expectations.  You've been telling folk that old Featherstone is leaving you his land  and you've been raising  ready cash  on the strength of it,  haven't you, sir?  - Indeed, I have not, sir.  - Oh?  I hear Bulstrode the banker  tells a different tale.  Then he's mistaken, sir.  Or he's lying.  - Or your little bird is.  - (whispering)  I can alter  my will yet, you know. And I shall, mark my words, unless you contradict  the story.  I have contradicted it,  uncle Featherstone.  Ah yes, but I want  documentation  from Bulstrode the banker saying in black and white that he hears nothing  against you in this respect. I couldn't go beg  Bulstrode for that.  It's not a thing  a gentleman should ask.  Suit yourself,  young squire.  I've plenty of others  I can leave my money to. Aye, money's a good –  (coughing)  Here, Mr. Featherstone.  That's it. Drink up.  You're a good girl, Mary.  You've got  a plain face  and a sharp tongue  and I daresay you'll  never get a husband,  but you're a good girl. - She's the best girl I know.  - Oh, is she now?  Did you get those books  I sent you, Mary?  - Yes, thank you.  - What do you want  with more books, Mary?  Because I'm fond  of reading, of course.  What do you think?  Too fond! You've got  the newspaper to read  out loud to me every week. That's enough  for any young girl,  I would have thought. I like to read to meself,  and I shall too.  You shall not!  I can't abide to see her  reading to herself.  It's not natural  for any young girl.  You mind not to bring her any more books,  do you hear?  Yes, sir, I hear.  Ah, my little  blackbird.  We haven't heard  "Home Sweet Home" yet. Oh, I'm sure  everyone thinks  I've sung quite enough.  I'll sing it to you  next time I come.  Next time you come?  I may be in my coffin  next time you come.  (chuckles)  Oh, no.  "Home Sweet Home,"  if you please, and quick  about it.  (sighs)  - (whispers continue)  - (groans)  (piano playing)  (whispering)  'mid pleasures and palaces - though we may roam - (Featherstone humming)  - There's no place like home - Be it ever so humble there's no place like home... Good morning, sir.  Steady there.  Steady.  There's no place like home – there's no place like home. Featherstone:  Ah, very pretty.  Very nice.  Ah, here he comes  at last, the man  of the moment.  Dr. Lydgate,  this is my niece  Miss Rosamond Vincy. How do you do,  Miss Vincy?  I'd heard Miss Vincy  was a musician.  I confess, I hadn't  expected she would be  quite so talented.  The best  in Middlemarch, I'll be bound.  Middlemarch is not  a very high standard, uncle.  I'm afraid  we must be leaving, I promised mama.  Fred?  Where is my whip? Oh –  Thank you.  They say his uncle is a baronet...  with a great estate in Yorkshire.  Yes, there was  a Lydgate up at Oxford,  spent no end of money.  But rich men  may have paupers  for cousins, Rosy.  It always makes  a difference to be of a good family.  Did Mary say anything...  about me?  Yes. She said  she thought  you were  very unsteady.  And if you asked her to marry you,  she'd refuse.  She might have waited  'til I did ask her.  I don't know  what you see in her. I should never have  thought she was a girl to fall in love with.  And how would you know  what men fall in love with?  Girls never know.  Did she really  say that?  I always  tell the truth. She's right,  I am unsteady.  But I do love her, Rosy.  Oh Lord, now I shall  have to talk to father  and get him to butter up  uncle Bulstrode.  Hmmm.  Children:  Miss Brooke! Miss Brooke!  - Morning, Lucy.  - Can I have some of these?  Of course.  Will you look after  Monk for me, Ben?  - Good morning, Mrs. Barnacle. - Good morning, Miss Brooke.  - How's your husband?  - Still bad, Miss Brooke.  - May I come in?  - I'm very honored, miss.  (baby crying)  (man coughing)  (man wheezing)  - Try and give him  some of that jelly.  - Yeah.  That room's so damp. I have  spoken to Mr. Brooke about the roof,  - and I shall remind him again.  - Thank you, Miss Brooke.  It's very good of you.  Chettam:  Miss Brooke!  I was on my way  to see you.  I have a little petitioner  for you, if you'll accept him.  What is it?  A little Maltese  gentleman.  I'm sorry,  but I cannot bear toy breeds.  I should be  terrified of  treading on it.  My eyesight's  rather poor,  you know.  Well, well.  No matter.  Here, John, take this,  will you?  I can't stand  the things myself,  but they tell me  ladies like them.  - May I walk with you?  - Yes, of course.  It's terrible the way we live in ease  while we let  our tenants  rot in pigsties.  We deserve  to be beaten out of  our beautiful houses with a scourge  of small cords.  - You think that?  - Yes I do.  You have your own opinion  about everything, Miss Brooke.  Do you know, I...  I envy you that.  Lovegood was telling me  you've made a plan  for new cottages.  He was full of praise  for your ideas.  I'm afraid  they will come  to nothing.  Uncle won't  consent to anything on the estate  that costs him money. It's shameful.  Miss Brooke, I should  like to consult your plans,  if I may.  You see, I am  determined to build  new cottages at Freshitt.  How very good  of you, Sir James. Nothing would  please me more.  How wonderful  it would be  if we could  set a pattern  about here.  Mr. Brooke:  Sir James Chettam  is setting a bad example  to his neighbors  in my view –  these cottages he proposes –  it's folly and madness.  Well of course,  he's a rich man.  And I daresay he can afford  to pay for his follies,  but he should think  of the consequences  to others, you know.  We shall all  end up out of pocket,  I make no doubt.  Well, so be it.  I shall go over  to Lowick today.  I thought I might  ask Casaubon to dine  with us again.  - Would that be agreeable?  - Oh no.  Hmmm?  Well, perhaps not.  Yes, yes, carry on.  - Carry on!  - Dorothea: Uncle, I hope  you'll invite Mr. Casaubon  - as often as he is  willing to come.  - Oh Dodo!  At least with  Mr. Casaubon one can be sure  of an intelligent conversation.  You don't like Sir James? He seems determined to do anything you wish.  Sir James is  a good creature.  More sensible than anyone  would imagine.  I suppose you know  he's in love with you. Celia.  Anyone with eyes can see that he's very much  in love with you.  - And that he thinks  you return his affection.  - How could he think that?  I've never agreed  with him about anything  but the cottages.  I thought it right  to tell you because  you went on  as you always do –  never looking about you, never seeing  what is quite plain  to everybody else.  I must have no more  to do with the cottages.  I know it's  your favorite fad  to draw plans.  Favorite fad, Celia?  Do you think  I only care about  my fellow creatures' houses  in that childish way?  How can one do anything  nobly Christian,  living among people  with such petty thoughts?  (door slams)  I can't hold it –  I can't be expected.  Continue to  tepid sponge him,  like this.  (groaning)  - He's holding his own.  - Is it the cholera, sir?  It's an acute fever,  but it isn't cholera. I can assure you of that. - Your children are all well?  - Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.  Man:  You see?  It's broke again.  (moaning)  I wish I could make him more comfortable.  The new hospital  will be open soon,  then we'll be able  to treat fevers  of all kinds  better than  anywhere else  in the country.  (mumbling)  Your man will  be himself again  long before then.  - That's my opinion.  - Thank you, sir.  There, there.  All right.  (dogs barking)  (knocks)  Good morning, doctor.  You asked to see me.  Ah, yes, yes. I did. I was wondering  whether you had come to a conclusion  as to the chaplaincy in the new hospital. (scoffs)  Is that all?  Dr. Lydgate, this is a matter  of supreme importance to me,  that the spiritual care  of the patients  be entrusted to a man  worthy of the charge.  Do you intend to support me  and vote for Mr. Tyke?  I don't know Mr. Tyke.  I'm sure he's a very worthy man  if you say so,  but so is Farebrother.  And he's done  his duties unpaid  for long enough.  Look, I'm a medical man,  Mr. Bulstrode,  I have no opinion  on these matters.  Then I earnestly advise you  to form one, doctor.  A great deal  may depend on it.  What news  have you brought, uncle?  News?  News about what?  About the sheep stealer.  Were you not at the assizes? Ah yes.  Poor John Bunch.  It seems that  we can't let him off.  He's to be hanged.  - Uncle –  - There's nothing  to be done about it.  Let's go inside.  There's a sharp air.  Driving –  I feel it, you know,  a very sharp air.  I came back by Lowick,  you know?  Talked with Casaubon,  saw his library,  that kind of thing.  It seems he greatly  enjoyed his visits here  over the last few weeks.  Yes...  Yes, uncle?  - Well...  he seems to have  a high opinion of you, my dear.  A very high opinion,  indeed.  The fact is  he asked my permission  to pay his addresses  to you.  I told him you were  very young and so forth.  I felt I had to tell him  there was very little chance,  but there you are,  in the end I had to promise  the poor fellow  that I would speak with you  so...there, you have it.  I am very grateful  to Mr. Casaubon.  If he makes me an offer,  I shall accept him.  That's very well,  Dorothea.  But Chettam,  have you not  thought of him?  He is a very good match.  Our lands lie together,  and I believe, my dear,  that Chettam, too, wishes  to marry you.  - I mention it, you see, there.  - It's impossible that I should  ever marry Sir James Chettam.  If he thinks of marrying me,  he's made a great mistake.  I should have thought  Chettam was just the man  a woman would like.  Please do not mention him  in that light again.  Casaubon, now...  Well, he's a...  a good match  in some ways.  He's a clever man, a scholar.  I never got anything  out of him, any ideas. However  he's a tip-top man,  may be bishop.  But you know he's  over five and forty, and his health's  not strong.  Marriage can be  a noose, my dear.  And you're fond  of your own opinions, but a man likes to be master, you know.  I only mention  these things to you. Uncle, I don't want  a husband of my own age.  He should be above me –  in judgment,  in experience,  knowledge.  And I know I must  expect trials.  I've never thought  of marriage as mere  personal ease.  Uncle, I admire  and honor Mr. Casaubon  more than any man  I ever saw.  Well, my dear,  that being so...  I have a letter for you from Mr. Casaubon,  here in my pocket.  Yes, here it is.  Casaubon's voice:  "My dear Miss Brooke, "I have your guardian's permission to address you "on a subject than which I have none more at heart. "From the first hours of our acquaintance, "I discerned in you a rare combination of elements, "uniquely compatible with my own needs - "elevation of thought and capability of devotion "allied to graces of sex beyond all my hopes. "Had I not made your acquaintance, "I might well have gone to the last "without any attempt to lighten my solitariness "by a matrimonial union. "To be accepted by you as your husband, "my dear Miss Brooke, I should regard "as the highest of providential gifts. "In return, I can at least offer you an affection "hitherto unwasted." Uncle tells me  Mr. Casaubon has been asked to dine again.  I hope there's  someone else there, and I shan't have  to hear him eating  his soup.  What's so remarkable  about his soup eating?  Really, Dodo,  can't you hear how  he scrapes his spoon? Celia, please don't make  any more observations  of that kind.  Why not?  They're quite true. Many things  are true which only  the commonest minds observe.  I think  the commonest minds  must be rather useful. I wish  Mr. Casaubon's mother  had a commoner mind.  - She might have  taught him better.  - Celia, please!  It is right  to tell you, Celia,  that I am engaged  to marry Mr. Casaubon.  Oh Dodo.  I hope you  will be happy.  I beg your pardon  if I said anything  to hurt you.  Oh never mind,  Kitty, don't grieve.  We should never admire  the same people.  (piano playing, laughter)  Enjoy the cards. Be well.  Man:  This is the first time Dr. Lydgate  - has been to a party,  isn't it?  - Yes, it is.  I daresay, you're used  to far grander parties  than this, Dr. Lydgate.  We like to believe  our little gatherings  are just as jolly.  - Man: You can't be  serious about Tyke?!  - Oh, thank you.  No, not for me.  His sermons are  nothing but  evangelical doctrine. Eh, Lydgate?  None of that cant from Farebrother. He'll sit down  to a game of whist  with anyone.  Take all your money  if you're not quick sharp.  - How will you vote, Mr. Vincy?  - Not on the board anymore,  Chichely,  and glad of it.  Whichever way I cast my vote,  I'd be offending  someone.  What do you think, Dr. Lydgate?  I know very little  of the case.  But I don't think  these appointments  should be made  on the basis of personal liking. You want to get real reform,  sometimes the only way  is to pension off  all those good fellows  everyone's so fond of.  Ah, hang your reforms. There's no greater  humbug in the world.  What's wrong  with good fellows?  There's not enough  of them about, I'd say. Mr. Farebrother,  you've done it again.  Will you look at that?  Farebrother's won again. - Indeed he has, every time.  - How much do I owe you, Fred?  Five pennies  please, Mrs. Plymdale. You'll have me  in the workhouse.  Lydgate?  I thought you  might be avoiding me –  having decided  to vote against me.  I haven't yet  decided on my vote. In any case,  I should never  cut you.  Sometimes I feel  I shall starve  in this town  for want  of intelligent  conversation.  (chuckles)  Still, first things  first.  Here's the serious business  of the evening.  Come and sit down  to a game of whist.  - Oh Dr. Lydgate, please do.  - Thank you, no.  No?! Ah, you're not  the serious man  I took you for.  You're too young  and light for this  sort of thing.  Now, what's trumps?  (guests laughing)  - Dr. Lydgate.  - Miss Vincy.  I feel you must  find us awfully dull in Middlemarch.  When I think of how we  must seem when looked at through your eyes,  I think  we must seem  very stupid.  You have lived  in Paris.  I've only been  once to London.  Just a raw  country girl,  you see.  You call yourself  a raw country girl?  Oh, well I pass  at Middlemarch,  but I'm really  afraid of you.  I've made up my mind  to take Middlemarch  as it comes.  I'm sure you have  nothing to fear.  I've certainly found  some charms in Middlemarch  which are much greater  than I expected.  You mean the rides  towards Tipton and Lowick?  Everyone is  pleased with those.  No, I mean something  much nearer to me, Miss Vincy.  (sighs)  - (loud laughter)  - Oh Mr. Farebrother –  (loud bantering)  You thief!  You've ruined me!  Ned, we're finished!  I'm going  to sell the house!  (owl hoots)  (voices overlapping)  Bulstrode:  Farebrother is a man deeply  painful to contemplate...  he lacks spirituality.  He brings his calling  into disrepute.  ...a great deal  may depend on it.  Man:  I go for Farebrother.  Put 40 pounds in his pockets  and you'll do no harm.  - (men agree)  - He's a good fellow!  Without too much  of the parson  about him.  (agreeing)  Man:  For he spends half his days in the Green Dragon Inn,  playing billiards for money.  Mr. Tyke is  a real gospel  preacher.  I shall vote  against my conscience  if I voted against Mr. Tyke.  Vote against Bulstrode,  I suppose you mean.  It's all the same  to you, I daresay.  I beg your pardon, sir!  Brooke:  Good afternoon to you.  Am I the last?  Wrench: No, Mr. Brooke.  Our chairman Mr. Bulstrode - hasn't arrived yet.  - Ah.  Chichely: Nor his protégé, the uniquely talented  Dr. Lydgate.  It's damnable that  one man should have  this town  in his pockets  just because  half the town  owes him money.  - Brooke: Ah, here we are.  - Good day, gentlemen.  All:  Good day to you.  Oh, I see we're not  all yet assembled.  Nevertheless,  we meet today,  gentlemen,  as directors of the board  of the hospital  to appoint  a chaplain.  The issue is between  Mr. Farebrother  and Mr. Tyke.  I believe the qualities  of each candidate  are well enough known  to us all by this time,  but if anyone wishes  to speak...  Ah yes, well,  Farebrother and Tyke.  Now, both excellent men  in their way.  And a chaplain  with a salary...  I'm convinced  by my friends  that Mr. Tyke is  everything he should be.  - How's that?  - Apostolic and so forth.  I'm sure we're all  very happy  to come here  and vote for him.  Seems to me  you've been crammed,  Mr. Brooke, sir!  - What?  - What about Farebrother?  - Indeed, sir.  - He has been doing  the work without pay.  And if pay is to be given,  it should be given to him.  I call it  a confounded job  to take the thing  away from him.  - Absolutely!  - Hear, hear!  - Yes, well,  Farebrother – yes –  - Bulstrode: Excuse me.  Mr. Hawley,  Mr. Brooke has  been fully informed of  Mr. Farebrother's character.  Yes.  By his enemies.  I take it there's no personal hostility  concerned here.  I'll swear there  damn well is, though. Gentlemen,  perhaps we should put  the matter to the vote now.  If you would write the name  of your chosen candidate  on the slip provided,  gentlemen...  Brooke:  Ah here's our man.  Apologies, gentlemen.  How are you? Well, gentlemen,  I perceive the votes  are equally divided  at present.  Dr. Lydgate,  would you write down  your vote, please?  Well that's settled it.  Damned scandalous business.  You seem to speak  with some peculiar  meaning, sir.  I expect you to vote  with Mr. Bulstrode,  that's all, sir.  Do you regard that  as offensive, sir?  Maybe offensive  to others,  but I shall not desist  from voting with him  on that account!  (sighs)  Ah, gentlemen,  Mr. Tyke is hereby elected  to the post of chaplain.  Thank you all very much.  Brooke:  Well, there you are. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 