Middlemarch: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Middlemarch 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Middlemarch (1994): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Still in Rome on their honeymoon, Dorothea begins to realize that her husband is not prepared to share his thoughts or his work with her. When her husband's cousin, the artist Will Ladislaw, calls on her, they obviously have much in common. On their return to England, the Reverend Casaubon makes it clear that his cousin is not welcome to visit them. While the good Reverend is recovering from a heart attack however, Dorothea's uncle Arthur Brooke invites Ladislaw to visit. The new fever hospital is opened to great fanfare and Dr. Lydgate and Rosamond Vincy fall in love. Rosamond's brother Fred is unable to pay his debts and has to rely on Caleb Garth - who co-signed for his loans - to pay his debts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Chettam:  Engaged? To Casaubon! Good God,  it's horrible. - It's very vexing, James.  - You've seen the man, mother.  What business has a shriveled  old bachelor like that  to marry a young girl?  - He has one foot in the grave.  - He means to take it out again, I suppose.  Apparently, she says  he has a great soul.  A great bladder  for dried peas  to rattle in.  It does seem  most unfair.  Unfair?  Brooke ought not  to allow it.  He should insist, at least,  on its being put off –  who ever heard of Brooke  on insisting on anything  except not spending his money? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It is horrible,  Mrs. Cadwallader.  It is.  I don't think of myself –  not entirely.  I think of her.  Well, I throw her over.  There was a chance,  if she'd married you,  of her becoming a sane,  sensible woman,  but now I wish her joy  of her hair shirt.  Very perverse in her.  Very perverse indeed.  However, Chettam,  if I were a man,  I think  I should prefer Celia.  Celia?  I think you'll find  she admires you  as much as a man  expects to be admired.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Lady Chettam:  She's a sweet girl. Very fond of geraniums, more docile  than her sister,  though perhaps  not quite so fine  a figure.  I think  I should prefer Celia, if I were a man.  Oh dear.  Brooke:  After you, my dear. Here we are then. Welcome to Lowick.  Brooke:  Thank you.  Brooke:  Well, it's a good  old house, you know?  Decent proportions.  I went into all that once –  palladio and so forth.  It's all a bit  dark and bare at present.  Bachelor's house, of course,  bachelor's house.  This is my library. As you may well imagine, a great deal of my time  is spent in here.  And these are my notebooks.  For my own work,  "A Key To All  Mythologies." I think I should  begin to learn  Latin and Greek.  I could read them  aloud to you,  as Milton's daughters did to their father.  If I remember rightly,  the young ladies  you've mentioned  regarded that exercise  in unknown tongues  as a ground of rebellion  against the poet.  Well, I hope  you don't expect me  to be rebellious, Edward.  (forced chuckle)  Latin and Greek –  I fear it might be  rather wearisome for you.  Certainly it would be  a great advantage  if you could learn to copy out  the Greek characters.  And to that end,  yes, it might be well to begin  with a little reading.  (reads in Latin)  (translates)  "Education is a possession  "which none  can take away."  It would only take  a little, you know,  a very little,  lighter colors,  perhaps.  What do you think  of duck's egg blue?  Dorothea:  Everything is just  as I would wish it.  Casaubon:  I'm delighted,  my dear Dorothea.  Now favor me  with an opinion  of the room  which I've set aside  as your boudoir.  Oh, yes!  This could make  a pretty room –  with some kind  of new hangings,  a sofa or two,  that sort of thing.  - It's rather bare now.  - Uncle, you mustn't speak  of altering anything.  Oh, well, oh.  Was this  your mother's room?  Indeed it was. And this...  Dorothea:  ...is your mother. - And who is this?  - Her elder sister.  - The sister is pretty.  - It's an interesting face.  You never mentioned  her to me, Edward?  No. My aunt...  made an unfortunate  marriage.  I never saw her.  Shall we walk  in the garden?  Who's that youngster  sketching over there, Casaubon?  That is a young  relative of mine. The grandson, in fact,  of the lady whose portrait you noticed.  - My Aunt Julia.  - Oh.  - You're an artist, I see.  - No, I only sketch a little.  - There's nothing fit  to be seen there.  - Oh come now.  Allow me to introduce  my cousin Mr. Ladislaw. Will,  this is Miss Dorothea,  Miss Celia Brooke.  - Dorothea: how do  you do, Mr. Ladislaw?  - How do you do, Miss Brooke?  - Mr. Brooke.  - This is a nice bit.  Is it not?  I did a little myself in this way at one time,  did you know that?  Oh now, look, this...  this is what I call  a nice little thing.  Done with what we used  to call brio, hmm?  I'm no judge  of these things. I'm never able to see  the beauty of pictures that are much praised. They're a language  I don't understand. Well now, there we are.  You'll come to my house,  I hope, one day - and I'll show you what  I've done in this line.  - Thank you.  Well, shall we walk on? Brooke:  What's that young man  going to do with himself? Is he going to be  a painter or a poet?  He has the look of a poet. Shelley had that look –  about the eyes.  The answer  to your question, sir,  is painfully  doubtful.  My young cousin  is many things,  but nothing  in particular.  To put it more  charitably,  he has not yet  found his vocation.  His present purpose  is to travel abroad.  To what end,  I do not know.  Culture, he says.  I've agreed  to support him  for a year or so.  He asks no more.  I shall let him  be tried  by the test  of freedom.  You must understand,  Vincy, that I stretch my tolerance towards  you and your family  because you are  my wife's brother.  And as to your son  Frederick...  it was entirely  from worldly vanity that you sent him  to university  and destined him  for the church.  Now you are reaping the reward  of your own folly and his.  There's no going back.  It's a good British feeling  to try to raise your family  a little.  It's a father's duty  to try to give his son  a chance in life.  If you mean us to come down  in the world, say so!  I am not at all sure  I should be befriending your son by smoothing his way  towards the acquisition  of Featherstone's property.  If you mean  to hinder anyone  from having Molly  but saints and evangelists,  you'll have to give up  some profitable partnerships,  that's all I can say!  It's this sort of thing –  trying to play bishop  and banker everywhere –  it makes  a man's name stink!  Let me remind you, Vincy...  it was not your prudence  or judgment,  but my material help  that has enabled you to keep  your place in the trade.  You like to be master,  there's no denying that.  You're my sister's husband - we ought to stick together.  If you won't put a stop  to this rumor about Fred,  you might as well  slander him yourself.  I consider it  unhandsome of you  to refuse to write  this letter, brother Bulstrode.  I consider it  very unhandsome.  "...and I distinctly  affirm  "that I have no  information that your son  "borrowed any money  on any property  "that might accrue to him  on Mr. Featherstone's demise."  (laughs)  Accrue, property, demise...  Fine words  for a speculated man.  Come from nowhere  that one too.  Mind you, I hear  he owns your father –  lock, stock and barrel.  Or his bank does.  (snickers)  So what do you  expect now?  A little fortune, eh?  (grumbles)  There we are.  There. And there. And there. And –  that's all.  Well, you might show  a little gratitude.  Thank you, sir.  I'm very much  obliged to you.  Ah, I should  think you are.  (mumbling)  - Mary!  - Am I wanted?  No. I came  to see you, Mary. What's the matter?  Oh Mary, you'll think  I'm a despicable fellow. Uncle Featherstone just  made me a present of £100. £100?  Yes, it was  very generous of him  and I should be grateful –  I am grateful.  I was hoping  it might be more...  because I'm in debt  for £160.  And a friend –  a very good friend - signed a bill  of security for me,  making himself responsible  for the whole sum.  I was hoping uncle's gift  might clear it  and then I could start afresh  with a clean slate.  You see?  I confess everything  to you.  - And that makes  everything better?  - No!  I thought you looked so sad  when I came in just now.  It's a shame  you should stay here  and be bullied.  Oh, I have an easy life  in comparison to some.  I tried being a teacher,  but I wasn't fit for that.  My mind's too fond  of wandering on its own way.  I couldn't be a good clergyman  any more than you could be  a good governess.  I never said  you ought to be  a clergyman.  There are other sorts  of work, aren't there?  Oh Fred.  Why can't you just resolve  on something sensible  and stick to it?  I'll never be good  for anything, Mary, unless  I know you love me.  Me father says  an idle man ought not to exist.  Much less,  be married.  Then what am I to do?  Blow my brains out?  No.  On the whole, I think you'd do better  to pass  your examination.  Mr. Farebrother says  it is disgracefully easy.  Oh everything's easy to him!  But it's not  cleverness really. I could pass.  I'm ten times as clever  as some of the men that pass.  Oh, are you?  Then you must be  ten times as idle as they are. If I did pass,  you wouldn't want me  to go into the church?  Fred, it shouldn't  be the question what  I want you to do.  You have a conscience  of your own; what do you  think you should do?  I know this. If you won't  give me any encouragement,  I shall just get worse.  I won't give you  any encouragement!  It would be a disgrace  if I accepted a man  who got into debt  and wouldn't work!  (crying)  Arabella, my dear!  Brooke has invited  half the town as well as the county.  Mrs. Cadwallader:  What a to-do.  He was never one  to spend his money  like this.  That's Bulstrode  the banker.  - The new sawbones Lydgate.  - Lady Chettam: One hears  very well of him.  Mrs. Cadwallader:  Oh he's a gentleman.  he talks well.  I can remember when  medical men knew their place,  and kept it –  with the servants.  Hicks, for example. He was coarse  and butcher-like,  - but he understood  my constitution.  - This is too much.  Brooke is asking us to sit down with  tradespeople.  Middlemarch bagmen. There's Vincy,  the ribbon manufacturer. Well, I'm quite happy  to peruse his pattern book, - but I don't want to eat  my dinner with the fellow.  - ...from Paris.  - Or his awful wife.  - It's some whim of Brooke's.  He means well enough.  I'll tell you  what he means... He means to go into politics and stand for Parliament.  And as a liberal,  as like as not.  That's what all this  has got up in aid of. Toadying  to the hoi polloi. (glass clinking)  Friends, a few brief words  on this happy occasion.  We are met together  to celebrate the betrothal  of my dear  niece Dorothea,  to my good and learned friend  the Reverend Edward Casaubon,  and to share  their happiness.  Marriage is  a joining...  a union,  a sort of closing up,  do you see?  And yet in another sense,  it's a reaching out,  an exploration,  if you will,  and so forth.  Progress, now...  that is going to happen  whether we like it or not.  And that's why  I am for it.  That's why I'm happy  to welcome  progressive men here,  men who have  the well-being  of their fellow men  at heart and the women too.  Here's Mr. Bulstrode  of the bank.  You're very welcome  to my table, sir.  and Mayor Vincy...  Who – who, uh –  excellent, yes.  And Dr. Lydgate,  who studied in Paris  and so forth.  All the new ideas  for the new hospital.  Progress, do you see?  Progress and reform,  but in a spirit  of temperance and moderation.  Let it never be said  that Brooke was not  for progress and reform.  Excellent, yes.  (guests murmuring)  Ah! I quite forgot.  Ladies and gentlemen,  I give you the toast  to the happy couple.  All:  To the happy couple.  My thanks  once again, sir.  A most delightful occasion  in every way.  You know, Casaubon,  I'm very fond  of my nieces.  Fonder than I  can say.  I've tried to do  my best for the girls  since their poor father and mother died,  as far as a bachelor can. Do you know,  I don't think anything means more to me  than that they  should be happy.  I hear you intend to extend your wedding journey  far as Rome.  I think the weather  will be mild enough.  And of course,  there are some manuscripts  in the Vatican  which will be invaluable  for my research.  And I long to see  all the antiquities in Rome.  And Edward will be able to tell you about every single one, I'm sure.  I shall not  detain you longer.  We shall meet  again, very soon.  I still regret  that your sister is  not to accompany us.  You will have many  lonely hours, Dorothea.  I shall feel  constrained  to make the utmost  use of my time  during our stay  in Rome.  I should feel  more at liberty  - if you had a companion.  - More at liberty?  Well, yes,  if you had a lady  as your companion,  I could put you both  under the care of a cicerone  and we would  thus achieve two purposes  in the same space of time.  You must have  misunderstood me,  Edward,  if you think  I should not value your time.  I beg you will not  refer to this again. Please don't be  anxious about me.  Very well, my dear.  As you wish.  (horse neighs)  (applause)  Mayor:  My lord, Lady Medlicote,  fellow citizens,  as mayor of Middlemarch,  I am pleased and honored  to welcome you here  to the dedication  of the new fever hospital,  built entirely by public  and private subscription.  And here, I might mention  the singular generosity  of Mr. Nicholas Bulstrode.  (cheering)  The medical supervision  of the new hospital  is entrusted to the care  of Dr. Lydgate  who has volunteered  his services gratis  in the furtherance  of public health  and the advance  of medical science.  - Man: Hear, hear, excellent!  - (cheering)  The spiritual welfare  of the patients  - is in the capable hands  of the Reverend Mr. Tyke.  - (applause)  - It should have been  Farebrother – damn disgrace!  - Hear, hear!  These are stirring times,  my friends.  - Change is in the air.  - Hear, hear!  Mayor:  And I for one  am proud to see our town  so far advanced in reforms  - as to make life  better for us all.  - (cheering)  Brooke:  A better life  for everyone, well said. - And now –  - Hear, hear!  Yes, yes,  well said, Vincy.  Progress and reform –  the advance of science.  Excellent.  New ideas about  ventilation and diet.  Mr. Brooke, if you wouldn't mind?  I do beg your pardon,  Lady Medlicote.  (cheering, applause)  (church bells tolling)  (speaking Italian)  Vendor:  Si, señora.  Are you sure  you have time? My dear,  I am deeply mindful  that my studies  have caused me  to neglect you  these past few weeks.  I've set aside today  for –  - (clamoring)  - Not today.  Not today.  This site  is regarded by many  as one of the finest  the continent  has to offer.  Indeed,  I believe Rome is one among several cities  to which  an extreme hyperbole has been applied.  "See Rome and die." In your case,  I would propose  an emendation  and say, "See Rome as a bride and...  live thenceforth  as a happy wife."  I thought now  you might like to visit  the Palazzo  Doria Pamphili.  Dorothea:  Would you like  to see it?  It is highly esteemed  by the cognoscenti.  Well yes,  but do you care  about it?  I'm ready to go  if you wish it.  - Are you not tired, Edward?  - My dear, as I have said,  I have set aside today for your diversion.  Fatigue is neither  here nor there.  I wish you did not feel  that I need diversions.  Why, I love to visit  the antiquities,  of course,  but only if you  enjoy it too.  I would be far happier  if you would let me  help you with your research  for the book.  Most persons  think it worthwhile  to visit the Palazzo Doria Pamphili.  Casaubon:  The great family  which created the collection  reached its zenith  in the 17th century,  when one of the sons  was elected  to the chair  of St. Peter  as Innocent X.  The god Apollo,  or Phoebus.  I suspect  of the Augustan Period.  The cult of Apollo  is, of course, linked  to that of Bacchus,  and inspired  the appalling excesses  of the bacchanalian  revels.  Note how the male  and female principles  are combined.  The ancients believed  that this combination...  served as  an inspiration  to the arts  and music.  Look at this, Edward. A common theme  in fourth century  Athenian sculpture,  Cupid and Venus.  Almost certainly  an inferior copy  of a Greek original.  Perhaps we've seen  enough for one day. Shall we go?  It occurs to me,  we are very near  the Capitoline Library.  I wonder if you  might allow me  half an hour to consult  some documents there?  Of course.  Why didn't you  say so before?  Well, there's much here  of great interest for you.  A half an hour then.  Come look  at this woman, quick. Beautiful.  I should like  to paint her  as the Madonna.  Good God.  Do you know her?  I do.  She's married  to my cousin.  She's married? But I saw her  with some old  geistlicher.  Who is he?  Whe father?  The uncle?  Will:  That's her husband.  Introduce her  to me, Ladislaw.  I must paint her.  Confound you, Naumann.  I don't know what I shall do.  I'm not so brazen as you.  Dorothea:  Are you going to the library  again today, Edward?  Edward: Yes.  I hope when we get back  to Lowick, I can be  more useful to you  and be able  to enter a little more  into what interests you.  Doubtless, my dear.  Carp is willfully  irresponsibly mistaken  on the Etruscan fish deities  and the world shall know it.  Isn't it time now to do  what you used to speak of?  - What?  - Well, your notebooks.  Isn't it time  to make up your mind what  part of them you will use  and begin  to write your book?  Begin to make  your vast knowledge  useful to the world?  I can do anything –  write to your dictation,  or copy and extract,  what you like.  But surely, Edward,  it must be time  to expose your great theory  to the judgment of your  fellow scholars.  My love, I think  you may rely upon me  to know the times  and the seasons, the different  stages of a work  which is not to be measured  by the superficial judgment  of ignorant onlookers –  My judgment was of –  It had been  easy for me to gain  some temporary effect,  but it is ever the trial  of the scrupulous explorer  to be saluted  by the impatient scorn  of chatterers  who attempt only  the smallest achievement,  being indeed  equipped for no other.  My judgment was a very  superficial one, Edward.  What else could it be?  You have shown me  these notebooks.  You have often  spoken about them. You have often said  they need to be condensed. But I have never heard you  speak of the writing that  is to be published.  And those are  very simple facts.  My judgment  went no further.  I only begged you to let me be of some good to you.  (crowd speaking Italian,  yelling)  If you had come  a little earlier,  you would have seen him.  He goes to read in the library of the Vatican every day.  And stays there all day?  Usually yes.  Please sit down.  - (chuckles)  - Something amuses you?  Yes, I was thinking  of when we first met  at Lowick,  the figure I cut  when you annihilated my poor sketch  with your criticism. Surely not,  I know nothing  of painting.  Really?  I suspected you  of knowing so much  that you knew just how to say  what was most cutting.  That was really  my ignorance.  (chuckles)  - And you've been  sketching here in Rome?  - Yes.  Then you do mean  to make painting  your profession?  Mr. Casaubon will be  so pleased you have chosen a profession.  On the contrary,  I've quite made up my mind  against it.  - Oh.  - I have no genius  for painting.  Things don't come easily to me.  I never get them.  I have heard Mr. Casaubon  speak of your want  of patience.  Yes, I know  Mr. Casaubon's opinion.  He and I differ.  Certainly you differ.  I hadn't thought  of comparing you.  Such power of devoted labor  as Mr. Casaubon's  is not common.  Quite.  Such a pity  it should all be  thrown away –  so much English  scholarship is,  for want of knowing  what's being done by  the rest of the world. - What do you mean?  - I merely mean  that the Germans  have taken the lead  in historical inquiries.  They've solved  most of the problems  that have bedeviled  English scholars for years.  Are you quite sure  about this?  I regret it.  Especially, of course,  because of my feelings of...  gratitude and respect  towards my cousin.  Dorothea:  All your notebooks,  all your volumes,  isn't it time now to do  what you used to speak of?  Isn't it time to make up  your mind what part of them  you will use  and begin  to write your book?  Begin to make  your vast knowledge  useful to the world?  I can do anything –  write to your dictation  or copy and extract,  what you like.  But surely, Edward,  it must be time  to expose your great theory  to the judgment of your  fellow scholars.  Isn't it time now to do  what you used to speak of?  Surely, Edward,  it must be time  to expose your great theory  to the judgment of your  fellow scholars...  Had you received him  in my absence?  He came to pay  his respects,  to express  his gratitude to you. Doubtless.  Please, don't be angry  with me, Edward.  Mr. Ladislaw  has invited us to see  some of the studios  of the religious  painters here.  And you wish to go,  no doubt.  Only if you do. Please, forgive me  for speaking so hastily  to you this morning.  I was wrong.  I fear I hurt you  and made the day  more burdensome to you.  I'm glad you feel that,  my dear.  But you do forgive me?  My dear Dorothea,  who with repentance  is not satisfied  is not of heaven  nor earth.  - (sobs)  - You are excited,  and I also  am feeling the...  unpleasant consequences  of too much mental  disturbance.  We shall speak  no more of it.  (whinnying loudly)  Settle it, that's it. Come on, that's it.  Settle, there's a good boy.  - Calm him down.  - (men's voices approaching) That's better.  Good boy, good boy. Bambridge:  So this is Diamond.  Well, I'm very  disappointed.  Wouldn't have him  as a gift.  I wouldn't touch him  with a toasting fork. He looks  a nasty brute to me.  Not him, sir,  only wants riding.  Lord Medlicote's man  was looking for a gray.  Luck of the devil,  young Vincy.  Luck of old Nick.  If you can sell him  on to Lord Medlicote, you're a made man.  - (whinnying)  - Ooh, Diamond!  Rosamond:  Steady, Fred,  be careful!  Steady, Diamond!  (grunts)  Right!  Rosamond:  Is this your  great bargain then?  Diamond!  Diamond!  I can't imagine who would  buy a brute like that.  Fred, Mary's  just been here.  - Morning, Mrs. Garth.  - You missed her. Come in.  - (kids shouting)  It's Fred!  - You go out now.  - I'll take them, mother.  - Thank you, Alfred.  - Come on.  - Go on outside.  Boy:  Oh, but we want to stay  and talk to Fred!  - Go on.  - (kids whining)  Sit down, Fred.  Caleb will be down  directly.  Are Letty and Ben  your only pupils  now, Mrs. Garth?  I'm at a low ebb  for pupils.  But I've saved my purse  for Alfred's apprenticeship.  All of 92 pounds. He can go  to Mr. Hammer's now.  Mrs. Garth...  Caleb wants the boy  to have his chance.  He thinks he may turn out  a famous engineer.  (latch clicks)  What, Fred, my boy?  You look poorly.  Is anything the matter? Yes, Mr. Garth.  I'm afraid you're gonna have  a rather poor opinion of me,  but I've come to tell you  that I can't keep my word. I can't meet  Mr. Bambridge's bill  after all.  And he's demanding  immediate payment.  I've pleaded with him,  but the man is iron.  I owe 160  and all I have...  are these 50 pounds.  What do you mean?  Oh, I forgot  to tell you, Susan, I put my name to some bills Fred had run up with  Mr. Bambridge.  Fred was sure he'd be able  to pay them himself.  Was he?  It's come at a bad time.  I shall need everything  we have in the bank.  110 pounds.  I suppose you've asked  your father?  That would be of no use,  he wouldn't give me a penny.  It's clear  what we must do.  I shall give you  the 92 pounds I put by  for Alfred's premium.  And I'm sure Mary  will have saved 20 pounds by now  from what Mr. Featherstone  gives her.  I shall certainly pay it  all back, Mrs. Garth,  ultimately.  Yes, you will – ultimately.  But boys can't be  apprenticed ultimately.  They must be  apprenticed at 15.  It is my fault, Susan,  I had no business signing that bill for Fred.  I suppose  you have tried –  I've tried everything,  Mr. Garth.  I had bad luck  with a horse I was selling  that turned out wrong.  I have no horse at all now.  I came on Rosy's horse.  I hate having brought  this on you.  There's no one else  I care so much for and...  and now you will always  think me a scoundrel.  Mr. Garth:  My friend, you must ride over to Mary  and ask the child  for what money she has.  I'm sorry.  Mary:  15, 16, 17,  one, two,  three...  four.  You may tell father I have  enough to cover the rest of  your debt and 6 pounds over.  Mary, I can't bear this.  Yes you can.  I'm so very sorry.  I'm sure  you are now.  I didn't mean  any of it.  I had such  terrible luck.  But when you have bad luck,  other people  suffer for it.  - Mary?  - (tearfully) What?  Do you hate me now?  (sniffs)  I don't think  well of you.  I don't think  I could go on living  if you hated me.  If I lose  my hope of you,  I have no hope at all.  I could never  hate you, Fred.  You were my best friend  when I was a little girl  and you've always been  good to me,  and happy to know me even when  the rest of your family  put on such airs...  but I cannot respect you.  Every chance you get  you waste.  How could I respect you?  And how could I marry a man  I can't respect?  I wish you were  a better man, Fred.  - (bangs)  - Mr. Featherstone:  Mary, where are you, Missy?  I want my chamber-pot.  What the devil  are you at, girl?  - Mother.  - Why, Fred!  You are pale. What is it, dear? - Whatever is the matter?  - He's drunk, mama.  I feel strange, mother,  I think you better  send for Wrench.  Oh my dear,  stay here.  Pritchard!  Pritchard.  What is it,  Dr. Wrench?  Slight derangement  is all...  I apprehend  nothing serious.  Aah!  Aah.  Ah, system needs purging,  I warrant.  Spoonful or two of  Dr. Wrench's black draft  will suffice.  We'll have you  riding to hounds again in no time, young man. - Good day then, ma'am.  - Good day, Dr. Wrench.  Thank you kindly.  (wind whistles)  (horse hooves clopping)  (whinnying)  - Steady, lad, hup!  - (thuds)  (hoofbeats departing)  What a mercy  Rosamond saw you  in the street.  Wrench said he  would not come again for all it made  poor Fred worse  instead of better. You should have seen him  in the night –  the poor boy  didn't know  his own mother. Is he very ill?  You were right  to call me in.  I'm afraid your son is  in the pink-skinned stage  of typhoid fever.  and unfortunately he's taken  just the wrong medicine.  Oh, doctor.  Is he – will he – ?  Fred...  oh, Fred.  Dr. Lydgate,  save my boy.  Yes, he has  a strong constitution,  Mrs. Vincy.  I have every hope  of his recovery.  He must have a regular nurse  and a constant supply  of cold water.  I'll start him on opium  and alcohol immediately  to lose no time.  What a villain  Dr. Wrench is.  You mustn't blame  Dr. Wrench, Mrs. Vincy,  The symptoms yesterday  might have been disguising it.  Typhoid is difficult  to diagnose in the very  early stages.  Dr. Lydgate,  you must come again.  - You must carry on  attending Fred.  - Yes, please do.  I shall write to Dr. Wrench  and explain the circumstances.  I'm sure he won't  be offended.  It's a damned impudence!  I've attended that family  for 20 years.  And now I'm made  to read some damn  scoundrelly lecture  on symptoms and prognoses and I don't know what.  By God,  it comes to something when they steal your patients from under your very nose  and give you a scolding  into the bargain.  This Lydgate's no better  than a quack in my opinion. His fancy foreign notions  and his cant about cures - How do we know  what his bona fides are, eh?  Do you know  what he told me,  His Majesty's coroner,  these 20 years?  That a lawyer is  no better than an old woman  at a post-mortem examination.  He thinks a doctor  should conduct it.  Wrench:  The man is an impostor. He has degrees  from Edinburgh and Paris,  I understand, Wrench.  He's a clever fellow,  for all you don't care  for him –  Damn too clever  in my opinion, sir.  - Bulstrode's fond of him.  - (groans)  They're a pretty pair –  one all pride and principles,  the other all cant  and holiness.  - (metal clangs)  - Man: Very wobbly –  and both of them elbow-deep  in each others' pockets.  Man:  These outbreaks wouldn't  happened in the first place.  Good day,  gentlemen.  Bulstrode:  Well, gentlemen,  to business.  The house surgeon  has reported an outbreak  of intestinal ailments  amongst patients  in the upper ward...  Man:  You do me  great honor,  taking the time  to view our work here, Mr. Casaubon.  Oh, and Mrs. Casaubon, of course.  This has been  a most rewarding visit,  Mr. Naumann.  It's interesting to see  such a colony of artists  at work.  Yes, many of us  live here permanently. Others such as  my friend Ladislaw  come to study  for a short while  only. Please.  Mr. Casaubon, forgive me,  but I have been looking  at you all morning.  A sketch of your head  would be invaluable.  Let me show you.  Saint Thomas Aquinas.  Perhaps it is asking  too much.  You astonish me  greatly, sir.  But if my poor physiognomy can be of help to you  for the good doctor.  I shall be honored.  That is if the operation  is not a lengthy one  and if Mrs. Casaubon  will not object  to the delay.  Saint Thomas Aquinas,  what a happy thought.  Allow me.  Please.  (pencil scratching)  Naumann:  Come and look, Ladislaw.  I think it is perfect  so far.  The color is fine.  It will just suit you.  Oh no, they're  for my sister.  She's light-haired, very pretty.  At least I think so. You don't seem to care  for cameos.  No, frankly,  I don't think them  a great object in life. I fear you're heretic  about art generally,  how is that?  I should have expected  you to be very sensitive  to the beautiful everywhere.  I should like  to make life beautiful. I mean everybody's life. And then all this huge expense of art  that seems to make life no better for the world pains me.  The best piety  is to enjoy it  when you can.  It's naïve to try  to take care of  all the world  unless you allow yourself  to feel some delight in it.  I'm beginning to suspect you  of having some false belief  in the virtues of misery.  The work is progressing  satisfactorily?  Magnificent.  Dorothea:  Have there not been valuable  books written by scholars  who knew nothing  of these modern things?  Well, they're still used.  Why should not my husband's  be valuable like theirs?  Don't you see?  It's no use now to be crawling a little way after men of  the last century  correcting their mistakes. No one cares anymore. The focus of interest  has moved on.  How can you speak  so lightly?  If it were as you say,  what could be sadder  than so much ardent labor  all in vain?  I've made you  think ill of me?  No, I like you very much.  Please, don't mention this  to anyone again.  Promise me.  I promise. I fear  this may be tiresome  for Mrs. Casaubon.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 