Middlemarch: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Middlemarch 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Middlemarch (1994): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 With the death of his uncle, Fred Vincy had hoped to inherit enough money to pay off all of his debts. The last will and testament of the deceased doesn't provide what he had hoped for. Dr. Lydgate and Rosamond Vincy are married and move into a beautiful, large home. They are very happy together even if the new bride is a bit extravagant. Dorothea is unhappy in her marriage and her husband continues to shut out of his work. When she tries to speak to him about their financial situation, he shuts her out completely. When he hears that his cousin, Will Ladislaw had stooped at their house to visit, he writes to him forbidding him ever to come again. Mr. Ladislaw has taken a position working for Dorothea's uncle Arthur Brooke who has decided to enter politics. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - There they are!  - Dodo!  We've come to welcome you back from Rome.  Oh, I've missed you,  Kitty.  No need to ask you, my dear,  Rome has agreed  with you, I see.  Ah, Casaubon!  Back on the blessed plot. Eh? This earth,  this realm, this England, teeming womb, you know, and so forth.  How do you do, sir?  How do I do?  Very well indeed. But you're a little pale, Casaubon, you know,  a little pale.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, nothing  to alarm you, my dear. A little English beef  and mutton will make  a difference.  All very well to look  pale when you're sitting  for a portrait of Aquinas.  We had your letter, you see. But this Aquinas now,  he was a little  too subtle, wasn't he?  Does anybody read Aquinas? He's not, indeed, sir,  an author adapted for...  - superficial minds.  - Aha!  Perhaps  you should rest now.  Perhaps you're right,  my love.  Miss Brooke, gentlemen,  you're very welcome here.  I appreciate  your kind intention,  but you will  excuse me now.  Yes, yes, of course, my dear man.  My wife I'm sure  will entertain you  in the proper manner. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's very tired.  It was  an arduous journey.  (coach departing)  Dodo, I can't wait  to tell you any longer.  Sir James and I  are engaged to be married.  Oh, Celia.  Oh, Kitty!  Oh, Dodo, it was  because you went away.  There was nobody but me  for James to talk to.  That's wonderful.  I've gone on  with the cottages,  Mrs. Casaubon.  I little doubted  that you would.  I look forward  to inspecting  how they progress.  I know the ones here  are well managed.  - Roberts, leave that one  here, would you?  - Mrs. Casaubon.  I've brought some cameos  for you, Kitty.  Thank you.  I wasn't sure about them,  but Mr. Ladislaw  advised me.  - Do you remember him?  - Yes, he's an artist  in Rome now.  Not anymore.  He says he intends  to return to this part  of the country, and earn his living with a pen.  Does he now?  Excellent!  That's just what we need now,  do you see? Young men  with bold ideas.  Oh, Dodo,  they are exquisite.  - Thank you.  - Of course.  Ha, welcome again.  (chuckles)  (piano playing)  - Oh...  - No please, don't let me  disturb you.  How did you find  poor Fred today?  He's still in a high fever,  but he's –  he's coming through it  well, I believe.  I'm always more anxious  for your mother.  Oh yes, poor mama.  I shall go to her.  I'll take her a little  beef tea.  No, I've put that in hand.  Will you not  let me hear you play  a little more?  No,  you have heard the best  musicians in London  and Paris, I...  I've heard nothing  that charmed me so much as  the music you were playing.  Will you not play it  again for me?  Oh, very well.  (playing piano)  I must go and see mama.  The rain stopped, ma'am.  Why don't you take the air  while you have the chance?  A person could go mad  shut up here all day.  Thank you, Tantripp,  but I have too much to do. I may go  for a walk later.  Very well, ma'am.  Thank you. (clock ticking)  I finished the copying  you set me, Edward.  Is there anything  I could do for you?  Could I read for you perhaps?  Thank you, no.  The weather  is a little better.  We could  go for a walk, or we could drive  towards Tipton.  I'm sure the air  would do you good. I'm glad that you have  the time, my dear, but  I fear that I do not.  I have begun work  on a new pamphlet.  Edward, do you not think  that perhaps today  we could begin to work  together on your book?  Dorothea...  If I were first  to copy selected passages  from your notebooks –  My dear, I have told you,  I am busy with this article.  Have you  received any comments  on the last one yet,  about the Etruscan  mysteries?  Not as yet, no.  By the way, Dorothea,  here is a letter for you.  It was enclosed  in one addressed to me.  Thank you.  It's from Mr. Ladislaw.  what can he have to say? You may read the letter  if you please.  Though I may as well  say at once I shall decline  the proposal it contains –  to pay a visit here.  I trust I may be excused  for desiring an interval  of complete freedom  from such distractions  as have hitherto  been inevitable  especially from guests  whose desultory vivacity  makes their presence  a fatigue.  Edward, why do you think  I should wish for anything that would annoy you?  When have I ever consulted  my own pleasure before yours? Oh, Dorothea,  you are hasty.  No, it is you who are hasty  in your false suppositions  about my feelings.  Well, let us say  no more upon the subject.  I have neither  the leisure nor the energy  for this kind of debate.  (crashes)  Edward?  - (panting)  - Lean on me, darling.  What is it?  What has happened? Edward...  You should not  distress yourself  unduly.  He's breathing  very comfortably now.  He should sleep  for some hours.  Will the illness return?  Come.  I'm afraid  it's very difficult  to say in these cases.  It is essential now  that he should not strain  his nervous powers  in any way.  In particular,  I would advise you  not to tell him  of the seriousness  of his condition.  Increased anxiety  can exacerbate disease  of the heart.  Please, speak plainly, Dr. Lydgate.  I cannot bear to think  there might be something  I didn't know  which might make me act differently.  I shall speak  absolutely plainly.  He may have another attack  within days...  or weeks.  It could result in death.  On the other hand,  he may live for five, ten,  even fifteen years.  You mean if we are  very careful?  He should try to moderate  and vary his occupations.  He would be miserable  if he had to give up  his work.  He's been  laboring all his life  and looking forward.  He minds  about nothing else.  And I mind  about nothing else.  Help me, please.  Tell me what I can do.  I wish I could have  spared you this pain.  It was right of you  to tell me.  Thank you for telling me  the truth.  To be sure,  my dear,  of course you cannot possibly  receive young Ladislaw now.  I shall be happy  to write to him –  interesting  young man...  I could possibly  help him myself.  I have heard that  "The Middlemarch Pioneer"  is in need  of a new editor.  I don't think  Mr. Ladislaw should come to Middlemarch at all.  Whatever you say,  my dear.  But who are we to forbid him  if he really wants to come?  However, I shall write  as you suggest.  It seems a shame though...  young men, you know,  with new ideas.  I like him  uncommonly well.  Did you understand  what I said? I don't think  he should come here.  Yes, my dear,  yes of course,  you're absolutely right. Dr. Lydgate,  did he –  (Edward yelling)  Tell Mr. Farebrother  I've no need of preachers yet.  - He says he won't see you.  - (yelling continues)  How delightful.  Then I shall be able  to spend more time  with you, Mary,  if you have  any to spare for me.  You know I have.  Please, sit down.  I'm just come from visiting  your old playfellow.  Fred?  Oh, tell me,  how did you find him?  He's very weak  and very sorry for himself.  But he's out  of his delirium now  and Lydgate is confident  he's turned the corner.  So he will soon be back  to his billiards  and his horses  and his cards  and his gambling,  I suppose.  Rather like me, Mary.  (chuckles)  Yes, you're two  very bad characters.  The only difference  between you is that Fred always loses  and you always win  at every game, so I hear. Except one perhaps.  No, I'm glad  Fred is on the mend.  (chuckles) Thank you,  Mr. Farebrother.  Good.  Good.  - Truly?  - On the mend.  If I can only see  my boy strong again,  perhaps master  of Stone Court,  and he can marry  who he likes then.  Not if they won't have me, mother.  How can you say that  when you know everybody  thinks the world of you?  Not everybody,  mother.  Some people  have more sense than you do.  This is a very  interesting story here –  I've marked  the place for you.  And...  oh, this is  a capital bit of verse.  It starts there  and I marked that  for you too.  - Player #1: Play a card –  - Player #2: Sorry, what?  (chatter continues)  I think my Ned has set  his heart on Miss Vincy.  I wish that something  could be settled there soon.  Yes, indeed.  Though I'm afraid  she often has notions of her own.  But then she  was raised in such  a thoughtless manner. Her mother has  that levity about her  which makes me anxious for her children.  Oh, it is pride  in Miss Vincy, for sure.  There's no young man  in Middlemarch who's good  enough for her, it seems.  I think  the honorable Mrs. Stevens  is something like you.  Do you think so?  Her back is very large,  I should have thought.  Ah, but I didn't say  she was as beautiful  as you are.  Oh, Mr. Plymdale.  I suspect you of being  an accomplished flatterer.  Ned:  No, indeed,  Miss Vincy...  - in fact –  - Lydgate: Good evening.  What a latecomer you are.  I'd almost given you up.  I'm glad that Fred  is feeling better.  Yes, he's going  on well, but slowly.  Good evening.  - How are you?  - Oh, I never vary.  We have looked  to Dr. Lydgate  as our guardian angel  during Fred's illness.  Pritchard, could we  have a cup of punch  for Dr. Lydgate?  Good God!  What are you laughing at  so profanely?  I don't know  which is the sillier - this engraving here or the writing that accompanies it.  It's really  splendidly idiotic. There are a great many  celebrated people writing  in that keepsake  at all events, sir.  This is the first time  I've ever heard it  called –  silly.  Excuse me.  - Player: Vincy?  - Vincy, play the game.  I was distracted  for a moment.  I should just go  have a word with him.  You do not see  that you have given offense?  What?  Is it Mr. Plymdale's book? I'm sorry, I didn't think. You are like a bear.  You don't know  your own strength,  or your power to hurt.  Do you remember  when you first came here  you said you were a bear?  And that you wanted  teaching by the birds?  There's is one bird  I'd very willingly  be taught by.  And tamed?  (chuckles)  Rosamond,  your aunt Bulstrode  is here.  Good morning, aunt.  Rosamond, Mr. Bulstrode and I  have heard something about you  which has surprised us very much indeed...  that you are  secretly engaged  to Dr. Lydgate.  No, I'm not  engaged, aunt.  How is it that  everyone says so then?  It's the town's talk.  The town's talk is  of very little consequence.  Dr. Lydgate  is very clever  and your uncle  finds him useful,  but it's a poor  profession.  He's not paid  for his work  at the hospital  and you are not  in a position to marry a poor man.  You've no fortune  of your own, my dear.  Now, Rosamond,  Mr. Plymdale  is a nice young man,  I've always thought... and an only son  and the heir to  a great business. Surely, you would not think  of giving your heart  to a man without  a decided prospect?  I shall never give my heart  to Mr. Ned Plymdale.  and Dr. Lydgate  is not a poor man,  he has very high  connections.  I see how it is,  my dear.  You have allowed  your affections to become engaged without return.  No, indeed, aunt,  I have not!  - Rosy, Rosy.  - Mama!  (sobbing)  How is your  new hospital?  Everything I hoped for,  near enough.  You must come  and see for yourself.  I wouldn't want to put  Tyke's nose out of joint so soon after  his appointment,  but I might take you up  on it one day.  I was thinking  of looking in on Vincy  later, what about you?  Not tonight.  I think my patient  can survive a night  without me.  I've been neglecting  my studies lately.  You're going to get  yourself lashed to the mast and stop up your ears.  If you don't want to be  won by the sirens, you're  wise to take precautions.  I'm in no danger there,  I assure you.  Rosamond Vincy  is an enchanting girl –  sweet, docile,  everything about her  full of grace  and delicacy.  If I were thinking of  marriage, I'd snap her up  this instant, but I'm not,  not for a long while yet.  I mean to establish myself  properly before I look  for a bride.  Hmm.  In my experience,  when a man's seen a woman he likes as much as that, his remaining a bachelor  will depend on her resolution rather than his.  Very good, but not true  in this case.  - No?  - Absolutely not.  In five years time  I might be looking  for a wife,  but do you know  my real passion?  - What?  - Medicine, science,  knowledge.  If I could reveal something  of the primitive tissue  that underlies all life –  you, me, a songthrush,  Rosamond Vincy –  that's what excites me,  Farebrother.  - Have you told her this?  - No, of course not,  she's a woman.  You don't talk about  primitive tissue when  you're talking to a woman.  Brooke's voice:  "I very much regret these circumstances, "Mr. Ladislaw, "as I was looking forward myself "to making your closer acquaintance. "I have been thinking "of taking a more active part "in the political life of the county, "and to that end, acquiring one of the local newspapers. "I should have welcomed the opportunity of consulting you "in this matter. "If you are anywhere near the county, "I would be most happy to welcome you as my guest, "when we might discuss matters "very much to our mutual advantage." Ah,  Dr. Lydgate! - Sorry I'm late.  - Not at all.  It's good of you  to spare the time. May we talk  as we walk?  What are your  intentions towards my niece  Miss Rosamond Vincy?  My intentions?  I suppose my intentions are  to continue a very pleasant  acquaintanceship.  And nothing more?  Nothing more.  May I suggest to you,  with the very  greatest respect,  that a man  of your exceptional  abilities should hesitate before engrossing  the whole attention  and endangering  the marriage prospects  of a vulnerable young girl for the mere pleasure  of the moment.  I've not the slightest  intention, sir, of engrossing  Miss Vincy's whole attention,  or endangering  her prospects of marriage.  May I,  with utmost humility,  suggest that you  moderate your attendance  upon Miss Vincy?  Allow her  other admirers  a little more opportunity  of engaging her attention? You may suggest that,  sir, if you feel is it  your place to do so.  I do, Dr. Lydgate.  Please, do not  take offense.  You know I think highly  of you and wish you  to prosper here.  I think you will concede  I have already been of  some assistance to you.  (women whispering)  Yes.  Yes, of course.  I wish only to help you avoid a painful misunderstanding.  (whispering continues)  You should go fishing,  Casaubon,  or have a turning room –  make toys and table legs,  that kind of thing.  Or get Dorothea  to read to you,  something light.  She may read  anything she likes  now she's married.  Smollett, for instance.  he made me laugh  uncommonly once.  Bit about  a postillion's breeches.  In short, sir,  you recommend me  to anticipate the arrival  of my second childhood.  You heard Dr. Lydgate  himself say that  fresh air and exercise  will help you mend all  the more quickly.  - Don't nag, mother.  - And the sooner  you're well enough  to go to Stone Court again the better. And you too,  Rosamond –  - your poor uncle is  weaker by the minute.  - Dr. Lydgate?  Mrs. Vincy:  Get your greatcoat on then.  You have become  quite a stranger recently.  Yes, Fred, as you see,  is well on the mend.  There have been other calls  upon my time.  Do you find Mrs. Casaubon  very handsome?  I suppose she is  very handsome.  - But I have not  thought about it.  - No.  I suppose that would be  unprofessional.  How your practice  is growing.  First the Chettams,  now the Casaubons.  It's no wonder that  you have no time for us.  You mistake me.  I would rather attend  to the poor at the hospital.  There's more chance  of doing good, and one has  to listen to less nonsense.  And you must excuse me now.  I am bidden to –  I'm bidden to Stone Court  and then to the hospital.  Goodbye.  (latch clicks)  Ooh.  (voices overlapping)  Featherstone:  Out, Solomon,  out the pair of you!  - Will you get out?!  - There are things you might  repent of, brother,  the Almighty knows  what things.  Then he knows better  than I do.  Out you go,  both of you, out.  Brother,  when you lie speechless,  you may be tired  of having strangers  about you.  And you may think  of me and my children –  I shan't. I shan't  think of any of you,  I've made my will.  I shan't think of any of you.  Out you go, out!  Some people would be ashamed  to fill up a place belonging  by rights to others.  Oh, no, sister,  we must be humble. And let smart folk push themselves  before us.  - Shall my mother  and I leave, sir?  - Well no, no.  Sit down and stop  where you are.  You two out!  Out!  - Out!  - I shall be  downstairs, brother.  I shall do my duty  and I pray that  the Almighty –  Out! Out! Downstairs  with you! Out!  (piano playing)  Sorry.  Lydgate:  You call yourself a raw country girl. Mrs. Bulstrode: Dr. Lydgate is very clever. I found some charms in Middlemarch – - greater than I expected. - a poor profession – You've no fortune of your own, my dear. ...won't think of giving your heart to a man without prospects. I've made up my mind to take Middlemarch as it comes. You mistake me, I'd rather attend to the poor at the hospital. ...allow your affections to become engaged. ...more chance of doing good and one has to listen to less nonsense. Nonsense... Nonsense... Nonsense. You did well  to send for me, Mary.  He's a good deal weaker.  Dr. Lydgate, what if  he were to die now  without his loved ones  at his side?  Mr. Vincy must come to him. but how can he be fetched?  - Oh, what are we to do?  - Nothing easier, Mrs. Vincy,  I'm returning directly  to Middlemarch.  I can take word  to Mr. Vincy.  Oh, Dr. Lydgate,  that is good of you.  He's sleeping  very comfortably now.  Oh, Dr. Lydgate, come in.  Let me take your bag.  Maid:  It's Dr. Lydgate, ma'am.  I'm come –  I'm come with a message  for Mr. Vincy.  He is  at the warehouse.  Yes, of course,  what a fool I am.  - I shall go there directly.  - (sobbing)  - What's the matter?  - (whimpers)  Please.  Please, tell me.  Oh, I'm so unhappy.  I've tried  not to be, but...  if I am never to see you,  if you do not care  about me at all, then...  there is nothing  in my life  that is worth  living for.  And you don't.  You don't care  about me at all.  And I'll –  Miss Vincy,  Rosamond,  please don't cry.  Please.  Let me...  Then you do,  then you do care  about me after all.  More than anyone. I want you  to be my wife.  Oh.  Oh, I'm so happy!  I'm so happy.  (bells tolling)  (thumping)  Featherstone:  Missy!  Missy! Do you hear?  It's 3:00 in the morning  and I've got all my faculties.  - Do you hear?  - Yes, sir.  I've made two wills  and I want you to burn  one of them.  It's in the chest  in the closet.  I want you  to take that one out  and burn it.  No, sir,  I cannot do that.  Cannot do it?  But you must!  No, I can't.  It would lay me open  to suspicion.  Wait 'til morning, sir,  'til your brother and sister  come again.  No! Now!  Look here, Missy.  Take this money,  all of it –  the notes and the gold.  You shall have it all,  only do as I say.  No, I won't, sir.  I won't touch  the will or the money.  Please don't  ask me again.  You'll never have  the chance again.  Look, it's  pretty nigh 200.  And there's more  in the box and –  nobody will know  how much there was.  Take it  and do as I tell you.  Put away your money, sir,  I won't touch it.  I will do anything else  you ask me.  Anything else?  I want nothing else.  (coughing)  - Let me give you  some cordial.  - Damn you, Missy!  (clatters)  (coughing intensifies)  (funeral bells tolling )  Mrs. Cadwallader:  What an extraordinary  set of people.  Who can they all be?  Oh, there's Lydgate,  his doctor, I suppose. Oh, that's a really  fine-looking young woman with that fair young man. Who are they, Sir James,  do you know them?  I see Vincy,  the new mayor.  They're probably  his son and daughter.  A very decent family – you've seen Vincy  at my house.  He's a very good fellow. One of your secret  political committee,  I hear.  Oh, oh, oh, oh – And one of those  who sucks the life  out of those wretched  handloom weavers at  Tipton and Freshitt.  That's how his family  looks so fair and sleek.  Well, well,  he's a sound man, Vincy.  Celia:  Who is that man that's  wandered into the garden?  He looks happy enough. Well, it's time  the old man died.  No one there  seems to be sorry. Why, Dodo,  you never told me  Mr. Ladislaw has come again.  Ah yes, he came with me,  he's my guest.  He puts up at Tipton,  you know.  He's an excellent  young man.  He writes well,  talks well...  I'd be glad to give him  an opportunity at  "The Pioneer."  Mrs. Cadwallader:  I see...writes political  speeches, does he?  Did I not mention him  before, Casaubon?  I asked him some time ago  when you were ill  and Dorothea said  you couldn't have anybody  in the house.  You know?  And she asked me  to write to him.  And he and I  have brought the portrait  on top of the carriage –  yourself in a semblance  of Thomas Aquinas.  I knew you'd be pleased  by the surprise.  (rapid footsteps)  Ladislaw!  Here! Here he comes.  He wouldn't come in,  you know, 'til I had  announced him.  But here he comes.  Excellent, excellent,  here he comes.  There you are,  you see?  To the life.  A deep subtle  sort of thinker  drawing attention  to our ultimate  destination.  It's symbolic, you see –  the higher style of art.  What do you think,  Casaubon?  I went into all that  a great deal at one time –  solidity, transparence,  everything of that sort.  I like all that  up to a point,  but not too far.  It's a bit straining  to keep up with.  The flesh  is good though.  Flesh is good.  (whispering)  (whispering continues)  - Mrs. Waule: That's him.  - By-blow.  - Love child.  - Love child!  (man clears throat)  Now, the will  I hold here in my hand  was drawn up by myself  on the 9th of August, 1825. But I find there is  a subsequent will –  hitherto  unknown to me,  - executed in March 1828.  - (murmuring)  Dear, dear.  I shall begin by reading  the essential elements  of the earlier will –  as such appears  to be the intentions  of the deceased.  "To each of my brothers and sisters who shall survive me, "I give and bequeath the sum of 200 pounds "and to my nephews and nieces 100 pounds. "To Mr. Borthrop Trumbull – "50 pounds and my gold-headed cane. "To Mr. Frederick Vincy – "10,000 pounds." (collective gasp)  "And the whole of the residue of the estate, "including the house known as Stone Court, "and all the lands and buildings appertaining "go to Mr. Joshua Rigg, "who will take henceforth the name of Featherstone." But there's a second will!  There's a further document.  Yes, we have not yet  heard the final wishes  of the deceased.  The second,  most recent document...  revokes all the bequests  of the earlier will.  (murmuring)  It leaves Stone Court and all  the land in the parish  of Lowick  to Joshua Rigg,  with the former conditions –  "That the remainder of the estate "is to be devoted to the erection and endowment "of almshouses for old men "to be called Featherstone's almshouses." There are no other  bequests whatsoever.  (gasps)  (sobbing)  The most unaccountable  will I've ever heard.  (sobbing louder)  - Solomon: If I had known –  - Mother!  A wagon and six wouldn't  have drawn me from brassing.  It'll do him no good where he is gone.  He was a bad man and almshouses  won't cover it.  (wailing)  Come with me.  That vile  hypocritical old man.  Don't give way, Lucy, don't make a fool  of yourself,  my dear,  before these people. Fred.  - Fred!  - (whispers)  Fred, come!  Fred, Fred!  Be brave, Fred, I do  believe you're better  without the money.  That's all very well, Mary,  but what's a fellow to do?  I thought I'd be able  to pay your father back at once  and make everything right.  And he's left  you nothing too.  What shall you do now? Find another situation.  I'm sorry, Fred.  Mr. Vincy:  Fred!  Fred!  (whispering) ...and sat in church with him when he  felt like it...  Mr. Vincy:  Damn bad day's work.  Well, sir, I hope you've  made your mind up now  to go up and pass  that examination.  You built too much on your  expectations, now you must  face the consequences.  Don't be too hard  on the poor boy.  - It weren't his fault that  wicked old man deceived him.  - Ha!  Mrs. Vincy:  Fred will turn out well yet, I know.  And where is there  a girl like Rosamond? Dr. Lydgate, who could have  had the highest in the land,  he fell in love  with her at once.  The sooner that engagement  is off, the better.  Vincy!  She's started buying in  all the best linen –  I don't care,  I shall have enough to do  with this idle scamp,  without paying  for wedding clothes.  Times are  as bad as can be –  machine breaking,  and I know not what.  Election coming  and revolution  for all I know.  Everybody's ruined.  I don't believe young Lydgate's  got a farthing to his name for  all his grand connections.  If he wants my daughter,  he can damn well make  his own way first.  Ooh, Vincy...  - Lydgate:  What's this, Crabstone?  - Abdominal tumor, Dr. Lydgate.  Her name is Nancy Nash,  patient of Dr. Minchin's.  - Good morning, Nancy,  how do you feel?  - Bad.  Dr. Minchin wants me  to open her up and cut it out  this morning.  May I take a look,  Nancy?  I'll be as gentle  as I can.  (scalpels sharpening)  Tell me when you feel it.  - There?  - Yes.  - There?  - Yes.  And when I do this?  Yes.  Hmmm.  All right,  thank you, Nancy.  It's not a tumor,  it's cramp.  Give her a blister  and some steel mixture.  Send her home to rest.  What's Dr. Minchin  going to say about that?  "Cut her open,"  that's what he said to me –  All right, I'll speak  to Dr. Minchin.  (patient coughing)  I was as tactful  as I know how to be,  but Minchin took offense. He's refused  to give his services  to the new hospital.  We'll manage well enough in spite of him.  I shall just have  to spend more time there myself, that's all.  The devil of it is  the work's unpaid.  Still...things  can't last as they are.  We'll have all sorts  of reforms soon.  Then all the young fellows will be glad to come  and study here.  - Tertius?  - Yes, my darling?  Papa has been saying  that our engagement  must be given up.  But why?  You don't want  to give it up?  Oh,  I never give up anything  that I chose to do.  Good!  Rosamond:  This is the house.  It belonged to  old Mrs. Bretton.  Oh, I've always  longed to live here.  And it's so near  the hospital.  Papa says  it's too expensive  for a doctor.  Say no more,  I'll take it.  - Oh!  - It's absolutely  the right thing.  I wouldn't have you  like Dr. Minchin's wife in a pokey little  ill-proportioned place. No!  Damned the expense!  I'll use my patrimony.  You shall have  everything that is proper for a lady to have.  It's degrading to be mean about such things.  And Rosy, rather than  defer our marriage,  why not hasten it?  - Oh, Tertius.  - You wouldn't mind  about new clothes.  Those can be  bought afterwards. I've never heard of wedding  clothes being bought after  the marriage.  You wouldn't deny me  for the sake of  a few clothes?  No.  I shan't be happy,  'til I've made you  altogether mine.  Fred:  Congratulations.  Now we should be allowed  to enjoy ourselves.  There's no way  you're going to... Woman:  Handsome couple though, no denying that.  Handsome is  as handsome does.  I wouldn't wed  a girl of mine  to that one.  It's a well-known fact  he tried to cut up Mrs. Goby,  after she was dead.  No, he never!  Did he?  Poised over her with a knife  when her brothers burst in,  I heard.  No!  Handsome though.  Oh, yeah, very handsome.  Very smart, the pair of them.  Come and congratulate  the bride and groom.  Not that I am not  thankful for my Ned's sake,  though he could afford  to keep such a wife  better than Dr. Lydgate,  for all his grand ways.  I've never liked it  when strangers come in  to a town, putting on airs.  My Nicholas was  a stranger here once. Abraham and Moses  were strangers  in the land.  And we are told to  entertain strangers, are we not?  I wasn't speaking  in a religious sense, Harriet.  (bells tolling)  - Mr. Brooke.  - Good day to you.  Vincy's had to dig  deep in his pockets  over this palaver.  You think he's got himself  a bargain then?  With Lydgate?!  (laughs)  No better than Brooke got  when he bought himself  "The Pioneer."  And that young rogue  he's got to edit it - they say  Brooke is putting up for Parliament,  with his protégé  to puff him in  "The Pioneer."  Who is he then,  the young sprig?  Some loose fish  from London, I suppose.  His name is Ladislaw. Some sort of foreigner, I gather.  He'll begin  with a flourish  about the rights of man - and end up murdering  some poor wench.  - Aye, I wouldn't wonder.  Ladislaw:  "‘The Pioneer' considers this to be a time "when the crying needs of the country might overcome "the modesty and reluctance to public action "on the part of men of large experience of life, "men whose minds have acquired breadth, as well as concentration, "dispassionateness tempered by intelligence and energy. "The name of Brooke of Tipton comes to mind in this connection. "And the electors of Middlemarch would be fortunate indeed "to secure the services of such a man." Ladislaw, that's good  and to the point.  "Dispassionateness tempered by intelligence and energy," I like that, yes,  I like that very well.  No, wait,  I've changed my mind.  I'll come with you.  There's a particular  sketch I wanted to take  within the churchyard.  Aah...very well.  - I'll see you at dinner then.  - With pleasure, sir.  Very well, Peter. Peter:  Walk on, go on.  - Master is out, sir –  - Oh.  But Mrs. Casaubon is in.  She'll be glad to see you,  I am sure.  Oh, very well.  Wouldn't want to be  a nuisance though.  She's just  in the library, sir.  I'm so glad  to see you.  I really just came  for the chance of  seeing you alone.  I wanted to talk  about things, like  we did in Rome.  It seems strange  how much I said to you then.  I remember it all. You spend all your days shut up indoors  with these?  Not all my days,  not all the hours  in any day.  And I'm happy to be here.  You look so much paler  than you did in Rome.  Couldn't you  get your husband  a secretary?  Then you could ride  and get your color back.  How can you  think of that?  I should have no happiness if I didn't help him  with his work.  Did you know I was  his secretary  for a while?  I should not  have thought that post  would have suited you.  No, nor did it  suit Mr. Casaubon.  Perhaps you are not  a steady enough worker.  No, and I don't think  Mr. Casaubon likes anyone  to overlook his work  and know too thoroughly  what he's doing.  Too uncertain of himself.  I made the mistake  of offering him  my opinions.  I'm afraid he dislikes me  because I too often ventured  to disagree with him.  And yet he overcame  his dislike of you  as far as his actions  were concerned.  Yes, he has...  shown a sense of justice  in family matters.  He understood  what an abominable  thing it was  for my grandmother  to be disinherited  merely for falling in love  with a poor man.  I wonder how  she bore the change  from wealth to poverty? Do you know much  about her?  Well, she married  for love, that's all.  There's nothing  to be said against  my grandfather  except that he was  a Polish patriot  who was forced  to flee his homeland  and obliged  to give music lessons  for his living.  For this alone  was she disinherited.  My mother ran away  from her family too,  to get her living,  went on the stage in fact.  See, I come  from rebellious blood  on both side.  - And your father?  - I remember him  very little.  He died when  I was very young.  He inherited  the musical talents.  I remember him  playing the violin.  And I remember...  his slow walk.  And I remember  his long, thin hands.  And I remember once,  he'd been lying  in bed for a long time –  I think he was very ill –  and all I could think of  was how hungry I was  and how I only had  a little piece of bread.  He made himself  known to Mr. Casaubon  shortly before he died  and that was  our last hungry day.  Such a different life  from mine.  I've always had too much  of everything.  Do you really think  you'll be satisfied  working with my uncle?  Oh, for the time being,  I think.  There's work for me  to do here and I belong  to nobody anywhere else.  But if you think  I shouldn't stay –  then I will go.  Why should I think that?  I should like you to stay  very much.  Then I will stay.  Perhaps you should be  guided by Mr. Casaubon.  I spoke without thinking  of anything but my own  feelings.  Can't you wait now  and mention it to him?  No, I can't wait today.  Your uncle  is expecting me.  I feel I need  to use my body.  A five-mile walk  to Tipton with the sun  gleaming on the wet grass  is just what I require.  - Goodbye.  - Then goodbye.  OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 