Middlemarch: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Middlemarch 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Middlemarch (1994): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Dr. Lydgate's financial position continues to deteriorate and he is forced to take a loan using the furnishings in his house as collateral. When he shares this information with his wife and suggests that they find ways to economize, she reacts petulantly blaming him for their situation. He refuses her suggestion that he ask his rich Uncle Godwin for the money. Fred Vincy confides in Reverend Farebrother that he cannot truly see himself as a preacher. He would like to establish himself in another profession but mostly he would like to marry Mary Garth. He asks Farebrother to speak to her on his behalf, but it may not be a wise choice. Nicholas Bulstrode continues to be tormented by a man from his past. Dorothea decides to establish a colony on the land she has inherited. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dr. Lydgate,  I should like you  to help me  with my plans  for Lowick.  How do you think  I should dispose  of the chaplaincy? Edward favored  Mr. Tyke,  but I do not  feel bound to follow  his views blindly.  Tyke is a good man in his way, but... may I tell you  of another?  - Of course.  - Mr. Farebrother.  The vicar  of St. Botolph's  in Middlemarch.  His living  is a poor one –  he has to support  an elderly mother, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 a sister,  and an aunt.  He's a remarkable man. Should have done  more in his life  and he knows it.  - Why has he not done more?  - The want of money, I believe.  That's led him  into playing cards, and even billiards  for gain.  He wins a good deal. He excels at  everything he does,  but it's such a waste of his abilities.  With a decent income,  he could turn his mind to better things.  I should like to see  Mr. Farebrother,  - and hear him preach.  - Do.  I trust  to the effect  of that.  And he's much beloved by those that  know him well.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ask Caleb Garth.  Ask Will Ladislaw.  - He'll praise Farebrother  to the skies, I promise you.  - Will he?  But I so rarely  see him now.  Thank you  for your opinions,  Dr. Lydgate.  - Good afternoon, Mr. Mawmsey. - Oh, Dr. Lydgate!  Very fortunate.  If I might just  trouble you for a moment.  The other day,  when you were so good  as to go and visit  Mrs. Mawmsey,  you omitted to prescribe her  strengthening medicine?  You'll forgive my mentioning  this little oversight?  It wasn't an oversight,  Mr. Mawmsey.  She doesn't need any  strengthening medicine.  There's no  medicinal value  in these potions.  - Let her take a glass  of wine with her dinner.  - But Dr. Lydgate!  Mrs. Mawmsey has never been  without her strengthening  medicine.  The reason doctors  prescribe so much medicine,  Mr. Mawmsey,  is because it's the only way  they can make their money.  If men like Wrench could  charge for consultations,  they wouldn't need  to overdose the king's lieges.  And that's the worst kind of treason, eh? Treason? Overdosing?  No, I don't see that  at all.  Mrs. Mawmsey is not  a well woman.  Mrs. Mawmsey needs  her strengthening  medicine.  These Middlemarchers  are slow to take on  new ideas  and they're slow  to pay their bills.  Marriage, I find,  is much more  of an expense  than I anticipated.  - (chuckles)  - Still, one only  spends the money once.  It's not as if  one buys a dinner service  every week, is it?  Indeed not.  And as to hostility in the town,  - you'll weather it  if you're prudent.  - Morning, Mr. Farebrother.  How am I to be prudent?  I act as I see fit.  I can't help people's  ignorance and spite.  Of course not.  But to be wholly  independent of their ignorance and spite, it's as well  not to incur  too many debts.  It's easier said  than done, but I –  I take your point.  Will you ring the bell  for Parsons, Tertius?  Never mind  Parsons, Rosy.  Let me  undress you.  To her,  it's labor.  To me,  it's delight.  Come here.  Oh, my Venus.  You must be gentle with me, Tertius,  now I am  with child.  Am I not always  gentle with you?  Yes.  Oh, my  little bird.  (inhales deeply)  My lovely one.  - Tertius?  - Mmm.  I forgot  to tell you,  your cousin  from Quallingham has accepted  our invitation.  He's coming to stay next month.  Oh, what a bore.  Everything bores you, apart from your work. Far from it.  Far from it.  Brooke:  Progress and reform.  That's the ticket.  Don't forget that.  You have  to give them  a clear line. Let them know  where you stand  even if it means losing them.  Wavering arguments won't win wavering votes.  Ah, yes. Now indeed.  That's all very well,  but I know these  Middlemarch traders.  There are tactics  in these matters,  do you see?  Mawmsey, I'm come to  talk a little politics with you today.  Reform and progress, and so forth –  ah, shall we, um...  And to assure myself  that we shall have  your vote  when the time comes.  Well, you see  I have to look at it  in a family light.  Yes, yes.  Of course.  Will reform support  Mrs. Mawmsey  and our six children  when I'm no more?  Heaven forbid  that it should  come to that pass.  I ask you, sir,  what am I to do  when gentlemen  of another party  come into my shop,  and "Mawmsey,"  they say,  "you may vote  as you like,  but vote against us and we'll  get our groceries elsewhere!"? Those very words spoken  from that very chair  you're sitting in.  Oh that's narrow!  Very narrow!  I should never  take that line.  As long as my butler  brings me good reports  of your sugars and spices,  you can rest assured  I'd not go elsewhere.  I'm very obliged  to you, Mr. Brooke.  That's very handsome  of you, very handsome,  indeed.  Well, um... you know, you'd –  find it the right thing  to come to our side.  This reform is going  to touch everybody  by and by.  And as for family,  well we're all  one family.  No man is an island  entire unto himself,  it's all one cupboard.  That goes a bit deep  for me.  This one family?  There's debtor and creditor  still, I hope.  - They're not going  to reform that away?  - (laughs)  I cannot be expected  to support everyone's  family – I hope.  Good God,  you misunderstand me, Mawmsey.  Nobody says you should.  I'm very glad to hear it –  very glad and greatly relieved  and greatly honored  for your continued custom.  Few men have less need  to cry for change,  than I have,  which is why  I salute you  for the promise  you were good enough  to give me  not to withdraw  your esteemed custom,  vote or no vote,  while the articles  sent in were satisfactory.  Captain Lydgate, you keep  very good time.  - Spurred on by the thought  of seeing you, ma'am.  - (laughs delightfully)  - Where's Tertius?  - Tertius is never at home.  He neglects me  most shamefully. Does he?  Does he?  What an odd fellow  my cousin is.  Well, we shall  have to see what we  can do about that.  - Shan't we?  - (giggles)  (bells ringing)  Farebrother: I can't  pretend to your late husband's  scholarly distinctions.  Nor to the apostolic zeal  of some of my brothers.  And I am, perhaps,  a little too inclined  to overlook minor lapses  in others and myself.  It is better  to pardon too much than to condemn  too much, surely?  I think the best  Christian teaching is that which speaks  most clearly to people, as you did just now.  It helps people  to live their lives  as well and as happily as they can.  It is not always easy –  to find true  happiness on earth.  No, it is not.  Life sometimes  seems very cruel.  But I still believe  that there is much  we can do to help  each other practically.  Mr. Farebrother,  I should like to offer you the living at Lowick.  I hope very much  that you will accept it. Thank you.  I shall be delighted  to accept.  (piano playing)  Vincy:  Friends, neighbors, this is not one  of your stiff formal functions.  Open house has always been our way.  But let me  just say a word now,  to welcome home  my son Fred and drink his health.  I won't deny  we've had our  little differences,  but he's buckled down  to his studies,  and passed  his final examination  at Oxford University.  Perhaps who knows,  one day we might even have  a bishop in the family.  (all laugh)  I have said  some hard things  about him in the past,  but now,  I'd like to say,  I have in Fred  the best –  best-natured son  a man could wish for.  Here's to you, Fred.  Congratulations, son.  - Woman: Congratulations.  - All: To Fred. Fred!  - Fred –  - Harriet.  You must be very  gratified, sister,  that your son  has felt  a calling to enter  Christ's ministry.  Well, yes.  Walter had  always wanted  a son  in the church.  It does seem strange  to think of him  conducting  christenings  and funerals,  but I daresay  once he's got in  the way of it,  it'll become  second nature.  Don't you think?  (Rosamond giggling)  She isn't pretty,  you know, but she's most particular.  First, she wouldn't have him  because of his  gambling and drinking. And now she won't have him because he's going to be  a clergyman.  (both laughing)  Poor Fred.  We shouldn't laugh. That's most cruel.  People are staring,  Captain Lydgate.  I mustn't  monopolize you. - You must talk  to the other ladies.  - I certainly shan't.  I never saw such a damned ugly  collection of women in my life.  - (whispers) Captain!  - Yourself excepted,  of course.  And your mother.  As for the rest,  if they were hounds,  I'd shoot 'em.  (laughing)  We were all  very pleased to hear about  the Lowick chaplaincy.  Now, how much would that pay?  If I'm not speaking out of turn. 40 pounds a year,  Mr. Vincy.  Couldn't happen  to a better man, 40 pounds...  A man could get  married on that.  (distant laughing)  Rosamond:  Good night, captain.  I do hope you sleep well.  I'll see you in the morning.  Good night.  Tertius, I wish  you would be more  polite to the captain. I am polite  to him.  - You hardly ever speak to him.  - My dear Rosy, I feed  and house the fellow.  You mustn't expect me  to talk to him as well.  - The man is an ass.  - Oh!  If he got  his head broken  I might look at it  with interest, not before.  I cannot conceive  why you should speak  of your cousin  so contemptuously.  In my opinion, he is  a thorough gentleman.  The fact is, Rosy,  you would wish me  to be a little more  like him.  (laughs)  Mr. Bulstrode:  Well, there it is, Harriet.  Stone Court.  So, how should you like  to be mistress of it,  and all the Featherstone  land, my dear?  I should like it  very well, Nicholas,  if it gave you pleasure. I believe it is  the Almighty's will  for us, my dear.  Man:  Reform is in the air!  A good crowd,  Mr. Brooke.  And very well  disposed, I'd say. Good!  Good!  Thank you.  The enemy are gathering.  Hawley and the trumpetmen. All men of good will though,  Standish. All good fellows  in their way.  You think that, Brooke,  if it gives you comfort. Ladislaw.  What was that point  about the schedules?  Never mind that.  They don't want  details.  What are three  principal heads  we stand for?  Ah, what is it?  No! No! I have it!  Reform of the House  of Commons,  no more rotten boroughs,  and uh...so on, yes.  That'll strike home well,  I fancy. Excellent.  And they know me,  of course, and like me.  And no man has  put more reforms  in hand  this last half year  than I have.  Ask Caleb Garth.  Ask any man.  Well, there are machine toolmen out there.  Merchants.  Hot-metal men  from Brett's Stamping who have never heard  of Brooke of Tipton.  I mean, there's  no harm in that.  - Speak to the point.  They'll like you well enough. - Ready, Mr. Brooke?  I'll take another  glass of sherry.  Ladislaw first  with the introduction,  then your good self,  then I'll wind  the whole thing up.  - All set?  - Right.  All right.  - Brooke of Tipton?  What's he, a manufacturer?  - Not him. Landowner him.  And a bad 'un too.  Fat as a pig while poor folks'  children starve.  Fellow citizens  of Middlemarch!  You know and I know  that a great change is  sweeping this country,  and not before time!  Now, as never before,  we have the chance  to free ourselves  from the crushing yolk  of the past!  Aye, and not  by bloody revolution,  or by civil war,  but peacefully,  by humane reform!  Is that not good news?!  My friends,  we have been patient!  We have endured much!  And God knows  we have deserved  better!  It is towns like  Middlemarch  that create the wealth  of this country!  Is it not time,  is it not long past time,  that we should be  properly represented  in Parliament  by a man  who will speak  from Middlemarch  and for Middlemarch?!  Gentlemen, I am proud  to give you  Mr. Brooke  of Tipton!  (cheering)  - Well done.  Half the battle.  - Not so sure.  Hawley's got something  up his sleeve.  Gentlemen!  Electors of Middlemarch!  Heckler:  Quack! Quack! Quack!  - (laughing)  - (shushing)  I'm uncommonly  glad to be here.  I was never so proud  and happy in my life.  (crowd mumbles)  I mentioned that, you know,  I mention it here,  in the heart  of England –  Heckler: Quack!  - (laughing)  - Man: Will you shut up  and let the man speak?!  - Let's hear the man!  - I...  (crowd murmurs)  I...  Aye!?  I'm your neighbor,  my good friends,  your close neighbor!  You've known me  on the bench a good while!  Quack!  Brooke:  Machine...machinery  and machine breaking,  now, I - I've – been into that lately,  machine breaking,  and it won't do, you know!  (mocking)  "It won't do, you know!?"  We have a bit  of an avalanche,  I know that.  (mocking)  "A bit of an avalanche!  I do know that!"  Oh!  But things must  go on, you see!  Trade, you know.  We must look all over  the globe  - from China to Peru.  - Woman: Where?  Who said that?  Johnson, I think.  And that's what  I've done up to a point!  Not as far as Peru.  But, I haven't stayed  at home, no, no, no.  I saw  that wouldn't do.  The – the – the Levant,  now –  (crowd mumbles)  Where some of your  Middlemarch goods go,  and the Baltic.  The Baltic, oh yes!  (mocking)  The Baltic! I've been  into that. Oh yes!  (laughing)  Brooke:  Now, now, now!  Come, come, gentlemen!  Seriously, now.  Just put that thing down.  Everything must  go on...  manufacture,  the interchange of staples –  Heckler:  "Manufacture.  Interchange of staples."  Quack! Quack! Quack!  That's all very well  "Quack."  But what we need now  is new ideas!  Blast your ideas!  We want the bill!  Yeah, we want the bill!  And you shall have  your bill, my friends!  I'll give you the bill,  Mr. Brooke!  5,000 pounds and a seat  in Parliament!  What sort of  argument is that?!  No, no, no. Fun is fun,  but this has gone too far!  Let's get inside,  Brooke.  You can't cow  Brooke of Tipton!  - Come with me, Mr. Brooke.  - Perhaps you're right.  (all chanting)  We want change!  This is a little  too bad, you know.  They didn't give me time.  I should have got  the ear of the people,  by and by. However...  it'll all come right  at the nomination.  (bangs on door)  - Good luck to you, then.  - Thank you.  I must confess  to you, Mr. Rigg, I regard this  as nothing less  than providential. That you like land  and I like money?  (laughs)  It would be a dull world  if we all wanted the same.  - Aye.  - I don't like the country,  Mr. Bulstrode.  It's seaport now.  the bustling quays.  A little  moneychanger's shop now,  - all fitted out  with locks and safes.  - Aye.  Thank you.  You've got  the property and I've got the cash.  We're both rich men in our way.  - Good day to you.  - Good day.  Drive on! I didn't like  that man, Nicholas.  And yet he was sent here for a purpose. Do you really  think it was part  of God's purpose?  In His infinite  wisdom, He allowed  the living of Lowick  to go to Farebrother.  I shall never fathom that.  But this –  this cannot be anything  but a blessing, Harriet.  He has our welfare  constantly in mind.  That is His message,  I believe.  Good day  to you.  (couple  snickering) Mr. Brooke.  Nicky.  Ah, Ladislaw.  I'd like a word  with you, a word, you know?  I'm afraid  this may come as  rather a shock to you. but...well, the fact  of the matter is  I've decided to give up the candidacy,  leave it to  a younger man.  I'm very sorry.  I know  how disappointed you must be.  I had anticipated it, sir.  Really?  What a prescient fellow you are, Ladislaw.  (laughs, coughs)  It's the chest,  in part, you know.  I've felt a trifle uneasy about the chest, lately.  And Lydgate has warned me  I must pull up.  Poor Casaubon.  That was a warning, you know?  It is rather coarse work, this electioneering, aye? Yes.  Yes it is.  Still, we made  a start, aye?  We've dug a channel  with "The Pioneer."  And a more  ordinary man  than you  might carry it on.  - A more ordinary –  - Do you mean...  that you  wish me to give up  "The Pioneer"?  No, or course not.  Not if you wish  to stay on.  But for myself,  I've determined  to resign  as proprietor. And the new men  might not take  that high a view of you  that I have.  In short,  I thought  you might choose  to give it up  and find a better field.  Do you see?  For your talents.  I thought myself  of taking  a run into France, but...  London, now!  There's Althorpe.  I could give you  letters of introduction  - to Althorpe.  I've met Althorpe.  - No, I'm obliged to you.  Since you're parting  with "The Pioneer,"  I need not trouble you  as to the steps  I shall take.  I am aware  some of your family  have been urging you  to get rid of me,  but I'm a free man  still I hope.  Well of course you are, my dear fellow.  I beg you  not to take it  in that light.  I only want  to further your career. By driving me away,  you mean?!  I may leave  Middlemarch.  I may choose  to remain here  for the present.  And I'm very sorry  if this causes you  any inconvenience!  Oh how lovely  this is.  Do you know Tertius doesn't like me  to ride?  The man's a fool...  man's a fool!  I never saw a lady  with a finer seat.  (laughs)  Shameless flatterer. Not I, haven't  the wit for it.  - (both laugh)  - Let's canter up  that rise.  Looking excellent  from here, ma'am.  (Celia laughs)  Please don't be angry  with me, Tertius.  You've come back  safely, as you say.  But you mustn't go again! Even if it were the quietest, most familiar horse  in the world,  there would  always be the chance of an accident!  There is just as much  chance of an accident  indoors.  You know that's nonsense.  I'll tell the captain he ought  to have known better.  Please, will you  fasten up my plaits, dear?  I love the touch  of your hands.  I beg you will not  speak to the captain.  It would be  treating me as if  I were a child.  Promise you will  leave the subject  to me?  Very well. But, you are to be  quite firm with him. Brooke:  Plenty of air now,  and not too much thought. Books are very well,  but in moderation,  you know?  Well, I must say you all  look uncommonly agreeable.  You almost make me  change my mind,  - and stay.  - Then stay, dear sir.  No need to run away  to France  because they throw  a few rotten eggs  at you.  You'll be quite safe  at home, Brooke,  with your friends  around you.  I don't run away,  Mrs. Cadwallader,  but, a change  of air – it's quite a different thing.  Celia, my dear.  - James, well, well.  - Sir.  Uncle, you haven't said  goodbye to Arthur.  Ah, goodbye  my dear fellow.  I'm off to Paris.  That's in France.  Oh, see how he wrinkles  his little nose up?  You don't  like France,  do you, Arthur?  "No," he said.  "for they eat frogs  and snails there.  - horrible."  - Allow me  to assist you, sir.  My dear fellow,  thank you.  (baby cooing)  Goodbye.  All:  Bye, goodbye!  She should get  married again.  And the sooner  the better.  Baby and I think  Dodo should stay  a widow.  It's very nice  for her.  And she should  shut up that horrid,  dark old house,  and live  with us here always.  James wouldn't mind.  Nothing would make me happier,  but she won't budge.  Will she not?  Let me see what  I can do.  You will go mad  in that house alone,  my dear.  You see, I'm blunt  with you  because nobody else  will be.  I know it's a great  temptation to go mad,  but don't go in for it.  You wouldn't like it.  Oh, I daresay,  you're bored here  with our good  dowager...  and baby, of course,  with his wonderful  expressions.  But think what a bore  you'll become yourself  sitting alone  in that dark library,  playing  the tragedy queen  and taking everything  sublimely.  You must not  concern yourself  on my account.  I'm quite determined  to live alone at Lowick. I have some ideas  in my mind about how I shall live there.  Though they might  not agree with some,  I like them very well. I still think the world is mistaken about  a great many things.  It's too late to try  and cure me of it now. - (sighs)  - But I promise you  faithfully  that if I find  myself running  into madness,  I shall send for you  immediately.  Well, I very much  trust that you will. I could not  bear to leave  the neighborhood  without seeing you  to say goodbye.  I should have  thought it  very unkind  if you had not  wished to see me.  Are you going  away soon?  Quite soon, I think. My contract  with "The Pioneer" has three,  four weeks to run. I intend to go  to London and study  for the bar.  Everyone says  that's the best route into public affairs.  There's a great deal  of work that needs  to be done politically, and I intend  to try and do  some of it.  I'm sure  you will do well.  You have so many talents.  My uncle has told me how well you speak in public. Then you approve  of my going away  for years,  and never coming back  again until I've made my mark in the world?  I suppose  it must be right  for you to do  as you say.  I shall be  very happy  when I hear  that you've made  your value felt.  You'll forget  all about me.  I should never  forget you.  I've never forgotten  anyone I used to know.  Great God!  I was wondering,  if you would like  to have that  miniature upstairs  as a keepsake?  The one of  your grandmother.  It's so like you.  Why should I have that  when I have nothing else? It would be more  consoling to me...  if you wanted  to keep it.  I used to  despise women  for not shaping  their lives more.  I was so fond  of doing as I liked.  Two years ago, I had  no notion of the way  that trouble comes  and ties our hands  and makes us silent  when we long  to speak.  (knocks on door)  Pratt:  Sir James Chettam's  here, ma'am.  Mrs. Casaubon.  Goodbye, Mrs. Casaubon. I'm surprised he should  show his face in this house.  You should not be angry  with Mr. Ladislaw.  He has acted very properly  and very honorably  and he has known  so much injustice!  I wish I could find a way  of making him some reparation,  but it seems  impossible.  Well,  it's good land.  But it's been  sadly managed.  All to be done,  you know.  All to be done.  I like that,  Mr. Garth.  All ought to be done for the glory  of the Lord.  Let us set about it  with a will.  Man:  Good day  to you, sirs.  Well bless  my heart.  He looks like  one of those men  one sees waiting about after the races.  By Jove, Nick, it is you.  Unmistakable.  Nick Bulstrode,  to the life.  Though five  and twenty years  have played  old bogey  with us both.  Nick Bulstrode,  you old rascal.  How are you?  Ah, you didn't expect to see me here,  I'll be bound.  Come.  Come shake me  by the hand.  (laughs) - And a very good day  to you, sir.  - And you, sir.  What brings  you here?  You ask me  that, Nick.  It's you. I've been searching and asking all over for you  and now I've found you. Old friends.  Old partners. Dear old cronies, Nick and I.  I'd best be leaving now,  Mr. Bulstrode.  We can talk about  the farm another time.  - Yes.  - Good evening to you.  And good evening to you, sir.  He seems  a nice fellow, Nick. Thank you, my dear. No, leave the bottle  on the table.  Thank you,  Mrs. Abel.  You will excuse us  not sitting down  with you, Raffles.  Harriet, I know you  have much to do.  Don't let us  detain you.  Mr. Raffles has come about a matter  of business.  Well, if you say so.  If you insist.  I'll say  good night then,  Mr. Raffles.  Good night,  Mrs. Bulstrode.  I look forward  to many a cozy chat.  Good night.  I could tell you a tale  or two about ol' Nick's  London days.  Good night.  Tastier looking woman  than the first Mrs. B, I'll say that, Nick.  Very nice indeed.  I bet she didn't  bring a fortune  like the old one did.  Lots of money  in stolen goods.  A fine game is  the fencing game.  And you  and the old lady  ran the best  fencing shop  in London, eh?  Regular thieves' kitchen.  And – off to church  on Sundays  as if butter  wouldn't melt.  (laughing)  What do you want?  Just to see you,  Nick, old boy,  talk about  the good ol' times  and share a little  in your good fortune.  Why did you  return from America?  You were paid  an adequate sum  to remain there!  It didn't suit me  to remain there, Nick.  And I'm not  going back again.  You'll do well to reflect,  it's possible for a man  to overreach himself  in his efforts  to secure  undue advantage.  You'd know  all about that.  I've often thought  I'd have been better off  by telling  the first Mrs. B. that I had found  her runaway daughter.  I got very little from you  for keeping it quiet,  and seeing you  take her fortune.  I have a tender  conscience about  that pretty daughter. She died penniless.  I suppose  you know that?  Listen to me.  Although I am not  in any way  bound to you,  I am willing to supply you  with a quarterly income,  so long as you stay away  from this neighborhood.  If you insist  on remaining here,  you will get nothing!  I shall decline  to know you.  You remind me of that  droll old dog of a thief  who declined to know  the constable.  "I shall decline  to know you."  Your allusions  are lost on me, sir!  The law has  no hold on me.  Either through  your agency or any other.  Can't you take  a joke these days?  I only meant...  that I should  never decline  to know you.  I don't like  your quarterly payments. and your "Keep  your distance,"  Nick ol' boy.  I'm not a leper.  And I like  my freedom.  What do you  want then?  (groans)  All this country air  makes a man  uncommonly sleepy,  don't it, Nick?  Show me to my bed  and...  I'll tell you my terms  in the morning.  Oh.  Nicholas,  are you ill?  Is anything  the matter?  Nothing, Harriet.  Go back to sleep.  I shall not be long.  You've got thousands  and thousands, Nick.  All of it illgotten gains,  and none of it yours by right.  Thousands and thousands  and all I want  is hundreds.  200, how's that  for a bargain?  Give me 200  and I'll go away.  I'll pick up my portmanteau  at the turnpike,  and then,  off like a bullet.  Forever?  For a measly 200?  I don't think so.  Have you got  the money here?  (distant laughter)  If you'll forgive me for saying so,  it's damn nonsense.  Lady Snelson was  riding to hounds  ten days before  her confinement.  - (gunshot)  - (screams)  - (Rosamond screaming)  - Head for the trees, ma'am!  (whinnies)  Steady.  Steady, damn you.  Damn fools  with their guns.  Ma'am, I think  you need to dismount. (panting)  I'm not hurt.  I – I –  I'm well, I think.  Can I sit?  I'm here.  - (moans)  - I'm here, Rosy.  - Tertius?  - I'm here.  The baby.  The baby. Tertius?!  (sobbing)  Oh...oh...  Tertius!  Oh, don't be angry  with me.  Tertius, are you? Are you angry  with me?  Oh please.  Farebrother:  Good day, sir.  good afternoon,  Mr. Farebrother.  Hello, Fred.  Welcome to Lowick.  Have you come  to see my new home?  I've come to ask  a favor of you.  I'm ashamed to ask,  but there's no one else  I can consult.  I'm glad to be  of service.  Forgive me while I try  and get some order  out of this chaos.  Henry, will you hurry with this rug?  Man:  See you tomorrow then, Tom.  Fred:  It does seem uncommonly  hard on my father  and I feel like  an ungrateful dog,  but I –  I can't bear  the thought of going  into the church.  I just don't like  divinity and preaching  and feeling obliged to look  serious all the time.  Like me, you mean?  I used to wish  I'd been anything  rather than a clergyman. But I'm not  cut out for it.  I like riding across country  and doing what other men do.  And there's  another hindrance.  There's someone I'm very  fond of. I've loved her  since we were children.  Miss Garth, I suppose?  Yes.  I shouldn't mind anything  if she would have me.  Do you think she returns  your feelings?  She will never say so,  but I do think she cares  about me.  What I wanted to ask you...  Would you talk to her –  about me?  You see, she has  set her mind against  my being a clergyman.  And I don't know  what to do unless  I can get at her feeling.  I would like  to learn farming, but...  that takes capital  and father can't spare  any more.  And he says there's  no more room for me  in his trade.  But if only she'd give  me some encouragement  I'd find some other  occupation that would  make me worthy of her.  Why are you asking me, Fred?  Surely you should talk  to her yourself.  She made me promise  not to speak about it again.  But she might listen  to what you have to say.  She thinks  so highly of you.  You're very confident  that I shall plead  your case for you.  You must feel it  to be a very deserving one.  It isn't that,  Mr. Farebrother, it's...  it's just that I don't know  how I could live without  the hope of her.  It would be like  learning to live  with wooden legs.  Please,  speak to her for me.  - Thank you very much indeed. Good day to you.  - Good day.  - Dr. Lydgate,  this is a pleasure.  - Mr. Spooner.  - Have you come  to see me, sir?  - Yes I have.  How can I be of service?  By extending  your patience  and understanding a little longer  regarding the... the settlement  of my account  with you.  Of course,  Dr. Lydgate.  Perhaps you'd care  to step into my office  and we can discuss  what kind of arrangement  we might be able  to come to.  - Yes, yes of course.  - This way, sir.  These are difficult  times, Dr. Lydgate.  I know what good work  you do in Middlemarch.  I wish there were  more who shared  your high opinion.  Middlemarch men  are slow to change.  You have to be patient.  I know you've had  considerable expenses.  Yes, purchasing  the practice and  the house of course. The two outstanding  debts at present  are to yourself  for the silver plate,  the cutlery and the jewelry,  and to Harker  for the furniture.  I must tell you plainly,  Mr. Spooner,  I have not the wherewithal  at present to pay  either of you.  I appreciate  your frankness,  Dr. Lydgate.  And Mr. Harker is asking  for immediate payment?  Yes, yes he is.  I understand he has  creditors of his own.  You are not inclined to seek  help from Mr. Bulstrode  to pay your bills?  No, no, I...  in view of –  Public business, quite.  Above suspicion, very right  and proper.  Well, you have  the bill of sale  for the furniture?  Yes...  I'll take this over,  Dr. Lydgate.  Along with what  you already owe  this establishment,  that would make  527 pounds altogether  at 5%.  Is that agreeable?  I appreciate  your understanding.  Young professional man,  establishing himself,  and the security is good.  My valuer, Mr. Manley,  will need to visit the house  to take an inventory.  An inventory?  I shouldn't have thought  that would be necessary.  Can't you go by  the original bill of sale?  I've found from long experience, Dr. Lydgate,  it's better to do these things  in the proper way.  It avoids  misunderstandings.  You'll find my men  will be very tactful.  Mrs. Lydgate will hardly know  they're there, sir.  I cannot say for certain  I'll ever be his wife.  Certainly I will never  be his wife if he becomes  a clergyman.  How could I love a man  who takes up a profession  he doesn't care about?  Only because it's considered  a gentleman's calling.  He would be ridiculous.  You think I'm  too hard on him?  He did ask me  to report exactly  what you think.  But tell me,  if he braved  all the difficulties of getting his bread in some other way,  would you then give him the support of hope?  Might he then count on winning you?  I don't think he should  put such questions  until he has done  something worthy  instead of talking  about it  and boasting  what he could do  if he tried.  Pardon me, Mary. I think you might say more.  Can he count on you  remaining single  until he has earned  your hand or not?  To put it  another way –  is it possible...  you might consider  bestowing your affections...  on...  another man?  When a woman's feelings touch the happiness  of more lives than one...  it is kinder...  kinder to all...  to be perfectly...  direct and open.  Since you think  it's my duty, Mr. Farebrother... I must tell you...  I do have so strong  a feeling for Fred...  that I could never give him up  for anyone else.  I could never be happy...  if I thought he was unhappy  for the loss of me.  And more than anything...  I long for him to do something  that will make him worthy  of everyone's respect.  Thank you, Mary.  Now I've fulfilled  my commission.  With this prospect  before him,  we shall get Fred  into the right niche  somehow.  (laughs)  I hope I shall live  long enough  to join your hands  in marriage.  Oh, please stay.  Let me give you some tea.  No, my dear.  I must be getting back.  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 