Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e4 - Mob Mentality - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 4 - Mob Mentality - full transcript 
 Megan goes to work on a shooting death. She learns that the victim is the son of a New York mobster and Tommy knows him. The man bursts into the morgue and threatens Megan. Tommy is not exactly giving it his all. And when they talk to man who is a person of interest, someone shoots him. So thinking it could be someone on the inside. And they think it could be Lucas, Tommy's partner because he's the son of the lawyer representing the mobster. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Looking good, Doc. What you got, a hot date? You have no idea. You might want to dress down when we go into a bad neighborhood. Oh, like I'm gonna take fashion advice from somebody who owned a Members Only tuxedo. (CHUCKLES) Seriously? What color? Black. Look, I'm just saying, you might not want to tempt fate, although you obviously want to tempt me. In your dreams, Sullivan. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (SIGHS) Well, not to do your job, but I'm guessing the two bullet holes to the chest are what killed him. MEGAN: What's your guess on that? Let me have a look. Looks like heroin. Aren't you gonna taste it? Like all the cool cops do? (CHUCKLES) That's funny. You hear that, Tommy? She thinks I'm cool. "Nicholas Russo. New York, New York." MEGAN: Long way to come to get high. What's the name again? Russo. Nicholas. 21 years old. You know him? Well, I know his father. Daniel Russo. Runs the largest organized crime family in New York. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You think this was a mob hit? - (GUNSHOTS) (MEGAN SCREAMS) - (GUNSHOT) - Shooter! Northeast corner! TOMMY: You okay? No. You ruined my outfit. OFFICER: He's on the move. Adam! (POLICE SIREN WAILING) - (GRUNTING) - Come on. Come on. Six inches, he would've taken your head off. - Any dizziness, shortness of breath? - (GRUNTS) I don't know... Help me get his vest off. - It's all you. - Thanks. Set up a perimeter. Go door to door. Guy shoots a cop, he doesn't get away. - Good. - (GRUNTS) - First time? - Mmm-hmm. It's just hard to imagine somebody would be stupid enough to kill the son of a Mafia don and then stick around to shoot at the police. Only way to find out, match this bullet to the two in our victim. Our victim has two entrance wounds, closely grouped, upper left chest. A thorough external exam reveals no old track marks or recent injection sites. If Nick was doing heroin, he wasn't injecting it. ETHAN: No. Russo's kid was always more of a drinker, like his dad. Although, Russo cleaned up his act after surviving that mob hit in '99. I'm kind of addicted to the True Crime channel. Why am I not surprised? Seriously, Daniel Russo is no joke. Most infamous mob boss since Gotti. I mean, he rules the East Coast with an iron fist. What's truly terrifying about him is he's cunning. And this guy has been suspected in over a dozen murders, hasn't spent a day in jail. Who our victim's father is doesn't affect how we do our job, Ethan. I've got a chalky, white substance in the hair. Get a sample of that. Nick, Nick Russo is no angel, either. I mean, he's like JFK Jr., but evil. Running around New York, trading on his father's name. But he didn't seem to have his dad's knack for staying out of jail. RUSSO: Where's my son? Move. You can't be in here. - Get out of my way. - Ethan, get security. NOW! Do you know who I am? Yes, you are a father who has lost his child, and I'm very sorry, but, by being in here, you're compromising our investigation. I'm sure you don't want that. I promise you that I will do everything I can to bring your son's killer to justice. Right now you have to leave so I can do my job. You do your job well, Doctor. Because I promise you, the next body on your table will be the man who killed my son! How are my people supposed to do their job with the threat of a mob war hanging over their heads? I talked to the Feds, they don't think it's a mob hit. Nobody in Philly is stupid enough to go up against Russo. That doesn't change the fact that our work in identifying this kid's killer is gonna result in another murder. It does lend a certain finality to our findings. Which means we gotta proceed with extreme caution. Russo is gonna do everything he possibly can to get inside this case. Hell, two years ago, he went after a witness in WITSEC, they still haven't found the guy's head. Case information is on a need-to-know basis. We just gotta change the way we do business. You know what I'm gonna change because of Russo? Nothing. Pretending the threat doesn't exist is just blind stubbornness. It's like wearing Prada to South Philly. It wasn't Prada, it was Alexander McQueen. And do you have some kind of history with Russo? He's a bad guy, I'm a good guy. The history's given. Lab says the slug from my vest is too damaged to be of much use ballistically. All they could tell me is that it's a 9-mm round. Okay. Then let's go see if that matches our bullets in the victim. Yeah, no press conferences. Thank you. TOMMY: Listen, can you cover that autopsy? Yeah, sure. Everything okay? Yeah. I just got an appointment I forgot about. How are you doing? I'm here to see your boss. That's not gonna happen, pal. (GRUNTING) Hmm. It's all right, Vincent. The detective is an old friend. Go check on Tony. My condolences, Mrs. Russo. Keep them. All you've ever done is hurt my family. Well, Tommy, I heard you'd landed in Philly. Shame about what happened in New York. If you'd only come to me, I could've made your problems go away. - What was Nicky doing in Philadelphia? - No idea. You know they found heroin on him? Was he selling it or using it? My Nicky never touched drugs, and don't you dare go telling people that he did. I'm just trying to figure out if he died for his own sins or the sins of the father. Ev, why don't you give us a minute. Please. (SCOFFS) You would be wise to show some respect. You'd be wise not to make threats in my town, Russo. You so much as look at a suspect, I'm gonna plant you in an 8-foot cell till they take you out in a 6-foot box. You've never been able to do it before. Get out of my city, before you get hurt. MEGAN: Nick Russo was dead before he hit the ground. Both bullets penetrated his left chest, anterior to posterior, through the upper lobe of the left lung and perforating the left ventricle of the heart. X-rays show that both bullets came to rest in the posterior portion of the same lobe. You think Nick ever had a chance at a life of his own? Ethan, if you subject me to a nature versus nurture conversation, I will have your head laminated. I'm just saying, you know, a kid growing up in that world, how can he ever hope to escape it? Plenty of kids grow up in bad situations. They don't all become their fathers. Wow. Look at those granulomas. Either Nick had some kind of infection, or he inhaled a pretty serious irritant. Get this to the lab now. You got it. Huh. Ballistics will have to confirm, but that looks like a 9-mm projectile to me. Which means there's a good chance the guy who shot Nick also shot me. Daniel Russo walked into autopsy and threatened my people. I need to make sure they're protected. CURTIS: Ooh. You gotta see this. (STUTTERS) Let me call you back, all right? What? I was on the Internet. - Doing research. - Hmm. There's a video that was just uploaded on YouTube. It's going viral. CURTIS: Can you believe the balls on this fool, to film himself shooting at cops? (GUN SHOTS) Think you can pull a fingerprint off that? I can damn sure try. Hey, remember me? No. We go to school together or something? He's the cop you shot. Look, I was high. I do a lot of stupid stuff when I'm high. Well, you know what? In that case, then you can go. No hard feelings, huh. For reals? No. You shot a cop, you're going to jail for attempted murder. And once we match the bullet from my vest to our victim, then we add on first degree murder. I didn't kill no one. Do you recognize this? We found it in the pocket of our victim. No. That's funny, 'cause we found one exactly like it in your apartment. Which strongly implies that you murdered Nick Russo in a drug deal gone wrong. I don't know no Nick Russo. And I don't sell drugs. I'm purely a consumer. He must've bought it on the street, like I did. You guys really think that I'm dumb enough to kill a guy and then stick around to shoot up the crime scene? BOTH: Yes. Look, I can help you here. I didn't kill this Nick guy, but I heard the murder happen. You heard it. Hand to God. I was up on the roof smoking a speed boat when I hear two shots, then a car peels out, sounded like it hit something on the way out of the alley. By the time I managed my ass over to the edge of the roof, the car was gone, dead guy was lying there. So you thought, "Let me just hang around "and film myself shooting at cops"? I was really stoned. It's the truth, check the alley. The car definitely hit something. ADAM: All right, book him for attempted murder. Make sure his name doesn't show up in the system. So? Did you wring a confession out of him? No. I just find it hard to imagine that a guy like Nick could've let some knucklehead like that get the jump on him. CSU is gonna check out the story. What brings you here? Test results came back on that substance we took out of Nick's hair. Magnesium carbonate. It's a filler used in things like chalk, fireproofing and laxatives. Laxatives? Dealers use laxatives to step on their product all the time. Exactly. And since his tox screen came back negative, we can assume that the heroin in his pocket was a sample. You know, you could have just called with this. I know. I just wanted to see you. - Really? - No. Is he always this gullible? Heads up. (CLEARS THROAT) Who's the suit? Philly's top defense attorney. Dr. Hunt. Counselor. - Detective Sullivan. - That's me. I'm Martin Davis. Daniel Russo's lawyer. Oh. I understand that an arrest has been made in his son's murder. I'm unable to comment on an ongoing investigation. You might want to be a bit more cooperative, Detective, given your actions of earlier today. I don't know what you're talking about. You assaulted Mr. Russo's driver. You threatened my client in the midst of his grief. We were just catching up on old times. Really? Any further catching up will be met with overwhelming legal action. Heard you took a bullet last night, Detective. - Yeah. - Glad to see you're okay. - Thank you. - Doctor, always a pleasure. - Hmm. - Detective. - You went after Russo? - Without me? - He fired a warning shot - (CELL PHONE CHIMES) across Megan's bow. I had to fire back. Hey, I'm a big girl. I can fire my own shots. Not with a guy like Russo. With any man. CSU found paint transfer on a dented dumpster at the end of the alley. Transfer was fresh. Maybe Jax is telling the truth. (MEGAN SIGHS) MEGAN: So, if Jaxon didn't kill Nick, who did? Somebody brave enough, or desperate enough, to risk being taken out by Russo. JAXON: Yo, can I get a soda, or something? Juice box? (GUN SHOTS) (TIRES SCREECHING) Shots fired. Gray sedan, heading north from the station. License plates, X-ray, Tom, Tom, 4-8-4. - (PANTING) - (SIREN WAILING) (SIGHS) You can't blame yourself. I don't. I blame Daniel Russo. In his mind, he was avenging his son. This boy was somebody's son, too. I'm not saying he was right. Proving Russo did it is not gonna be easy. The man's managed to get away with murder for decades. He's not getting away with this one. What are you doing? Megan! Where are you going? What about the autopsy? You know, Russo, the man you gunned down didn't even kill Nick. So now, instead of hunting for the guy who did, I've gotta deal with this Old Testament stupidity. My client had nothing to do with the unfortunate demise of Mr. Ware. And he absolutely denies making any kind of a threat in front of Dr. Hunt. Oh, he does, does he? It's 'cause he's a coward and a liar. It's Adam, isn't it? Mmm-hmm. RUSSO: Let me tell you a little something about your partner. He's a man of questionable moral character. It's why he had to leave New York. He didn't tell you? He didn't share his sins that got him excommunicated from the NYPD? You know, you should worry about your own sins, Mr. Russo, because, knowing my partner the way I do, he will bury you for them. I like your son. He plays hardball like you do. What? Wait a minute here. This is your dad? How stupid can you get? That boy did not kill your son. You want us to find his killer, you can't go executing every person we talk to. Watch yourself, Doctor. Why? Is he gonna shoot me, too? Megan, come on. (DOOR SLAMS) What the hell are you doing? You can't talk to Russo like that. He'll kill you. - But it's okay for you to? - Yeah. What's the difference? Because I'm a cop, I got a gun, I got nobody at home waiting for me. I need you to stay objective. It's the only way we can bring this guy down. And there they walk. We don't have anything to hold him on. You gotta find something. I've been watching this guy walk out of rooms for 20 years. I need your help, Megan. Otherwise, this guy gets away with murder, again. (DOOR OPENS) So results came back on the black paint transfer CSU found on the dumpster in the alley where Nick was killed. It's unique to late-model black Escalades. They're everywhere. Yeah, but only one registered owner made a call last week to a New York number belonging to Nick Russo. I put in a phone record request for Nick yesterday. When they ran it against registered owners, this guy popped up. His name is Michael Avery. He's got a pretty serious record, although he seems to have turned his life around recently. He opened up a boxing gym. Works with former gang members. - What's his connection to Nick? - Unknown. - Anybody else know about this? - No. Let's keep it that way. Before Russo adds to the body count. (SIGHS) TOMMY: Okay, let me get this straight. Your dad is representing the father of our victim, one of the most notorious gangsters of the past decade, and this isn't information you think I need to know? I wanted to tell you, I tried. I couldn't find the right moment. There wasn't a wrong moment. You have to understand. My father sets criminals free for a living. Those are the guys that we risk our lives to catch. The other cops find out, my career is over before it starts. That explains the different name. Where did Lucas come from? It's my mom's. I used it when I joined the Academy. My dad and I have an understanding. Business is business, family is family. Listen, I'm sorry, I should've told you, okay? You just should've trusted me, Adam. I'm old school. You trust your partner, you tell him everything. Then why did you lie about going after Russo? That wasn't your fight. So he was telling the truth about something bad going down with you in New York? Yeah. (SIGHS) What did you do? I just got a little overzealous. Overzealous? What does that mean? I lost my temper and some people ended up in the hospital. (SIGHS) How many people? I came to Philly so I could put all that behind me. All you need to know is it's not gonna happen again. (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING) AVERY: Ah! See? Your right is a sledgehammer, right? But you gotta set it up with that jab. Pop, pop, pop, and then boom! Yeah, drop that hammer on him. Michael Avery? Hey, Philly PD. I've been expecting you guys. Your boxing team got their asses handed to them by the fire department. I expected you guys would be showing up for lessons at some point. We're not here for lessons. We're here to talk about your relationship with Nick Russo. Well, there's nothing to talk about. I've never even met the guy. AVERY: Tragedy what happened, though. You're lying. It's magnesium carbonate. We found traces of it in Nicky's hair. Which means he was in this gym yesterday. So either you start telling us the truth or we're gonna drag you out of here in handcuffs. (SIGHS) (SIGHS) Look. I only lied to protect myself. Yeah? From who? Daniel Russo. He wouldn't like it if he found out that Nick was talking to me about getting out of the life. Guys like Nicky don't get out of the life. Most don't, you're right. Nick had heard I'd had some luck in helping others find a path. So he got my number from a mutual friend in New York, called and asked me if I'd help him get out of the family business. If he was so intent on turning his life around, Why'd we find heroin in his pocket? Because people are complicated. Just wanting to be clean doesn't make you clean, right? Honestly, after we talked, I didn't think he was gonna actually go through with it. I mean, he was definitely his father's son. We have a warrant to search your Escalade. Anything you want to tell us before we do? Yeah, like maybe you were in the alley the night Nick was killed. I was right here. So was my car. It's parked out back. - (KEYS JANGLING) - Check it out for yourself. It really is a shame, what happened to Nicky, though. Let's go! ETHAN: On some level, you have to respect the code that Russo lives under. You know, eye for an eye. What would you do if something happened to Lacey? (STUTTERS) I'm sorry... Russo is not a rock star, Ethan. He's a murderer. You do his victims a disservice when you mythologize him. (MEGAN SIGHS) Everything all right? Autopsy was a bust. TOMMY: So was Michael Avery. Escalade was immaculate. No sign of accident or repair. It's been a long day. Come on. I'll drive you home. - My car's downstairs. - I know. But after the stunt you pulled with Russo today, he might want to teach you a lesson in respect. Tommy, you gotta stop trying to protect me. God knows my clothing can't take the abuse. Don't take this as a sign of affection, Megan. I'm a cop. It's my job to protect everyone. (CHUCKLES) Come on. (MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO) So you been to that new fusion restaurant around the corner? - No. - Wanna try? (SCOFFS) - I don't think so. - Come on. Just live a little. It doesn't mean anything. It's just two colleagues having dinner together after a long day. Mmm-hmm. Right. When did you get so buttoned-up, anyway? You used to be so spontaneous, you would do anything, anytime. I am still very spontaneous. I do lots of stuff. Spontaneously. Uh-huh. All right. Fine. Fine. I need to call Lacey first. (MEGAN SIGHS) I just want to be clear, this is not a date. Mmm-hmm. Of course. If this was a date, I'd be paying. (CHUCKLES) Yeah. Just like you paid for that trip to Puerto Rico? My credit card got canceled. Oh, you forgot to pay your bills. I was distracted. All I could think about was you. (SCOFFS) Yeah, me and Sheila DeMarco. Yeah, well, that was a mistake. Look, that was a long time ago. I'm a different person. - (CHUCKLES) - You're a different person. What do you say we just put all that behind us and start again, see what happens? Mr. Sullivan, it's so nice to see you. It's a good thing you called earlier. We wouldn't have been able to seat you without a reservation. Enjoy your dinner. All that crap about me not being spontaneous, and this was a setup? (LAUGHS) No. Well, yeah, a little. (GASPS) You haven't changed a bit. Come on, Megan, don't be like that. You don't get to tell me how to be, or act, or dress. I just wanted to ask you to dinner. I thought you'd say "No." You were right. (TOMMY SIGHS) I heard you struck out last night. - How did you... - Ethan told me. Jaxon's autopsy. Oh, right. Yeah. Oh. Hmm. Bad news. Mmm-hmm. Well, cheer up. Lab identified the source of the granulomas in Nick's lungs. Aerospace grade beryllium oxide. What the hell is a mobster's son doing with military grade electrical insulation in his lungs? No clue. But I pulled a few strings and found out that there's only one company in Philadelphia who is certified to transport that grade of beryllium, Caine Air Freight. And their CEO recently did six months in prison, with Nick Russo. Caine was in for tax fraud. Nicky was in for armed robbery. Warden said he paid him a fortune in protection money. Listen, about last night... There was no last night. Guys. Black Escalade. I'll bet you 10 bucks this paint transfer is dumpster blue. Hey, David Caine? Philly PD. We just want to talk to you. Whoa. Whoa, whoa! Megan, stay with the car. (TIRES SCREECHING) (SIGHS) (PANTING) What the hell are you thinking? I've always wanted to do that. For the last year, Nick's been bleeding me dry. Five grand here, 1 O grand there. Then, two days ago, he shows up on my doorstep. Tells me, "Congratulations." I say, "For what?" He says, "Our new partnership." The heroin. He wanted to use my air freight company to smuggle it into the country. I told him, "No." Flat out. So that's when he gave you the black eye? I have a low pain threshold. He forced me to drive him downtown to pick up a shipment. I was supposed to fly it to New York as a token of good faith. And to criminally involve you, so you couldn't go to the police. What was I supposed to do? He would've killed me if I refused. So you killed him. No. All right, David, the guy's making your life miserable, it's only gonna get worse. You get the drop on him in the alley. You take off and you clip the dumpster on your way out. That's not how it happened. We parked there to wait for his supplier. After a few minutes, a car pulls up behind us. Headlights so bright, I couldn't see anything. Nick got out to collect the package. A minute goes by, then two shots, right on top of each other. I panicked and took off. I got a witness that puts one car on the scene. That means you're lying to save your ass. I'm not lying. That's what happened. I didn't kill him. Someone else did. Look what I found in the dumpster behind Mr. Caine's building. Murder weapon. That's not mine. I didn't put it there. And yet I'm still arresting you for the murder of Nick Russo. You have to keep this quiet. If Russo finds out about Caine, he will kill him. Either on the street, or in jail. He's not going to jail. He's going to a safe house, where Adam and I are gonna make sure nothing bad happens to him. You know what? I'm gonna meet you there. There's something I gotta do first. TV NARRATOR: Between the shocking disconnect between Russo the ruthless mobster, and Russo the loving family man was never more apparent than on the day the Mancuso Brothers were murdered. As the rival mobsters were begging for their lives under the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge, Daniel Russo was coaching - his son's Little League... - (GASPS) Oh. Uh. (CLEARS THROAT) I was just doing research. Pull Nick Russo's body. We're gonna go over it again. Why? The autopsy was first rate, and you got the killer locked up. Because I need to know I did everything right. Because if I'm wrong... I'll go pull the body. Hi. You want a beer? No. I'm fine. I can't stay long. (BOTH CLEAR THROAT) Adam, I just want to let you know that I didn't tell Russo about you. He saw a picture of you in my office and he did the math. Dad, he's a cold-blooded killer. I don't know how you can be in the same room as him, let alone represent him. Everyone deserves a lawyer, Adam. It's in the constitution. Is helping him whack someone in there as well? What are you saying? You were at the precinct right before Jaxon Ware was killed. You knew we had a suspect in custody. Twenty minutes later, Russo gunned him down in the street. And you think I had something to do with that? (SOFTLY) I don't know what to think, Dad. It's a hell of a coincidence, though, huh? I know you don't respect what I do, but I've never broken the law doing my job and I never will. And the fact that you don't know that breaks my heart. (SIGHS) (EXHALES) I gotta hit the head. (CELL PHONE CHIMES) ADAM: Tommy, stay away from the windows. You're gonna get yourself shot if you're not careful. Only if your dad took the bait. I put the phone where he could see it. But you're hoping he didn't look. Shut up and eat your pizza. Nick would always complain about his father in prison, how domineering he was. Sounded a little bit like you, actually. What makes you think that Russo's gonna do the job himself? Oh, he's old school, he's got a code. Somebody messes with your family, you're honor-bound to handle it yourself. OFFICER: A car just turned onto the street. It's driving slow. Okay. Everybody, on your toes. Be ready for anything. This car could be a diversion. 10-4. What's going on out there? OFFICER: Car's just sitting. You want us to move? No. I need him to come to the door for there to be intent. - Anything out back? - Negative. All quiet. I don't like this. You don't like this? Wait. Door's opening. It's Russo. He's getting out of the car. Sorry, kid. Holy God. You gotta get me out of here. Just calm down. OFFICER: Here he comes. Hold on, wait for my signal. COPY- He's going for a gun. - Move! - 10-4. OFFICER 2: Police! Get your hands up. Nice, Tommy. What's this? Forty-five to life. Conspiracy, attempted murder. Yeah, of who? With what? - Where's your gun? - I don't have one. Check the car. Yeah, boys, check the car. It's clean. Now, are you gonna tell me what the hell is going on here? You first. Someone slipped a note under my hotel room door. Said a person at this address had information about my son's killer. I'm guessing that was you. To set me up? It's a clear case of entrapment, Tommy. Hey, Adam, your daddy is gonna have a field day with this. We didn't send you any note. I don't think it even exists. Maybe you can show it to me. I threw it away. But feel free to come over and dig through the hotel garbage. Who knows, maybe you'll find your reputation while you're looking... (BOTH GRUNT) Tommy! Tommy! Tommy! CURTIS: Ballistics just came in on the gun found in Caine's dumpster. It's a match to the bullets you took out of Nick Russo. Good. And it gets better. A swab taken from the gun sight had a trace amount of blood in it. Now, it was partially denatured by the heat of the gun being fired, but I ran a DNA profile anyway. Found that seven of the polymorphic markers were a match for Nick Russo. And that's as good as we're gonna get, given the condition of the sample. Let me see that. The blood on the gun is not Nick's. What? But it's a match. No, it's not. The blood was cooked when the gun was fired. Which means the blood was on the gun before it went off. I've been over Nick Russo's body three times with a magnifying glass, and other than these two bullet holes, there is no sign of trauma. Not a scratch. So the blood belongs to the killer. But Caine's blood wouldn't be a match. Exactly, because Caine is not the killer. The only way you get that close a DNA match is a first-degree relative. But that means that the killer is... Nick's father. Daniel Russo. (ELEVATOR DINGS) - Not now, Dad. - I know what you did back at the bar. I'm not stupid. You set me up. Your own father. How could you think so little of me? Russo showed up at the safe house, didn't he? I don't know anything about that. - Save it for the court, Dad. - No. Look, I would never do anything to put you in harm's way. You think a client, any client, means more to me than you? I love you, Adam, and I will keep telling you that till you believe me. If you didn't tell Russo about the safe house, who did? I don't know. But I would never betray you like that. I gotta go- You're telling me that Russo's blood is on the murder weapon? That would be the best present ever. We can't say for sure without a sample of his DNA. Which we don't have because someone never managed to arrest him. Ouch. I'm sorry, but I'm having a hard time with the whole idea that Russo's threat was just an act to draw attention away from his own guilt. It wasn't all an act. I've seen a lot of grieving parents. His pain was real. You can't fake that. Which is why killing his son wasn't something that he wanted to do, it was something that he had to do. Why would a father kill a child that he clearly loved? The discovery that his son was planning on betraying him. That's why Nick needed Caine. To move product for him after he took his father out. Move. We got a warrant. May I see the warrant? It's legitimate, Dan. They're gonna take a DNA sample from you. Why? What the hell is this about? Should I tell her, Russo, or do you want to? Don't worry about it, Ev. Just another one of Tommy's pathetic attempts to rail road me. Open your mouth, please. What the hell are you doing? What you told me to do as you stood over your dead son's body. My job. That's from the site of the gun, isn't it? Nick's gun. What does she mean, Nick's gun? Don't listen to this, Ev. Nick was shot with his own gun. He went to the alley to pick up a shipment of heroin for David Caine to fly to New York, but the drugs didn't show up. His father did. MEGAN: You found out he was going into business for himself. So you confronted him. He pulled a gun, you took it from him, cut your hand in the process. Did you hesitate at all before you murdered your son? Or was it just business? EVELYN: Danny, is that true? You killed Nicky? How could you? He was our son. Not another word. Daniel Russo, you are under arrest for the murder of Nicholas Russo. Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford one, one will be provided to you. Do you understand these rights as they have been read to you? (SIGHS) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) (STAMMERING) I just wanted to say I'm sorry. For what? For the other night. For 20 years ago. You deserved better. You know what I don't understand? What's that? If Adam's father didn't tell Russo about the safe house, who did? Whoever put the note under Russo's door. Adam went through the hotel garbage. He was up all night, but he found it. Russo was telling the truth? So was Adam's dad. (SIGHS) - Then who wrote this? - I got an idea. Wanna go for a ride? I promise I won't try to feed you. (SIGHS) (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING) TOMMY: You got a pretty popular gym, Avery. Especially with some of the bent cops from my precinct. Cops who could have let slip the address of a certain safe house. I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about. If he doesn't know anything about that, then he won't know anything about this. And you'd think he would, because most of the drug dealers who sell these little blue packets work out here. Well, my doors are open to all, Detective. Angels and demons. Yeah, I'm sure they are. Although, it's clear you favor the demons. Like Nicky Russo. He wasn't planning on leaving the life, was he? He was conspiring with you to betray his own father. Then when his father found out and killed him, you realized one door closed, but a dirty little window opened. I think you set up Russo with the note at the hotel, hoping he'd get shot at the safe house. Creating a power vacuum which you're going to fill now. Unless it's a coincidence you're flying to New York tomorrow. I'm expanding. Opening up a gym there. Congratulations. To help more troubled kids go straight? Straight into business with you? I wish I was half as smart as you two make me out to be. (CELL PHONE CHIMES) What? Daniel Russo was just shanked to death in prison. First the son, and then the father. What a tragedy. Yeah, you're a real humanitarian. Guilty as charged. You know, I've only met you once, Detective, but you strike me as the kind of cop who lives for the chase. So, what are you gonna do now that Russo's gone and the chase is over? It's never over, Avery. Now I'm chasing you. ' 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 