Body of Proof: Season 3, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Body of Proof 
 s3e8 - Doubting Tommy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Body of Proof (2011–2013): Season 3, Episode 8 - Doubting Tommy - full transcript 
 Megan and Tommy are having a drink. She then leaves, and a woman approaches Tommy. Later the woman is found dead and Tommy is with her. All evidence points to Tommy killing her. But Tommy doesn't remember anything after Megan left. It seems like the woman was stalking Tommy because she wants him to help prove a friend he arrested for murder is innocent and she developed an attraction for him. Eventually it's appears to everyone that Megan is not being objective so they have removed from the case and Kate warns her if she continues to work the case she'll be fired. But Megan continues to work the case and bails Tommy out so that they can figure out what's going on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: Please, man, don't do this. (PANTING) Somebody help me! No. (CONTINUES PANTING) Don't do this, dude. - (MAN SCREAMS) - (BAT THUNKS) DAN: Dr. Hunt, (CLEARS THROAT) Whose DNA did you find on the piece of the murder weapon in Jason's skull? Steve Owen's. Steve Owen, the victim's business partner. - DAN: And the accused. - MEGAN: Yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 DAN: Dr. Hunt, what is the chance this DNA profile is mistaken? That Steve Owen did not hold this bat? Given the number of matching repeated base pairs, I would say, one in one billion. Thank you, Doctor. That's all. Detective Sullivan, who made the 911 call reporting that Jason Banning had been murdered? Steve Owen. LAWSON: And when you arrived on scene, how would you describe Mr. Owen's demeanor? He was crouched in front of the victim. He was sobbing. He seemed devastated. At that moment, what was your gut feeling as to whether Steve Owen was guilty of this murder? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Objection. Pure speculation. Overruled. The witness will answer. Your gut feeling, Detective? Did you think my client murdered the victim? (SIGHS) No, I didn't. But that was before all the forensics came in and... And now? With the evidence in, do you still have doubts about my client's guilt? Yes. I still have my doubts. You look vexed. "Vexed"? Did you just say "vexed"? Okay, admit it, you're just angry because I'm not as sure as you are that Steve Owen is guilty. He buried a baseball bat in a man's skull, his DNA was inside the victim's brain. What do you think I'm missing here? Let's talk about it over drinks. Yeah, I know what a few drinks with Tommy Sullivan leads to. - Me, too. - And I have Lacey. Have your mom take her. This is not about discussing the case, this is about trying to get me into bed. That is a big assumption. Oh, really? You're telling me that if I said yes right now, "Okay, let's go to a hotel," you would say no? That's not a fair question because I'm a guy. Mmm-hmm. You're just scared of talking about it because you might be wrong. Come on, admit it. Admit Steve Owen is guilty. The forensics are black and white. You hide behind forensics. I don't even know what that means. It means it's easier for you to deal with cold, hard evidence than human beings. People are complicated, they got all these messy emotions. Yeah, you're doing such a good job of arguing my point, I'm not going to say anything. Character cannot be determined by DNA. - (SIGHS) - You've gotta go with your instincts. I still think that Steve Owen is not a murderer. - You know what my instincts tell me? - What? This was all a ploy to get me out drinking with you. If you think that, why are you here? (HUFFS) Remember when we were in New York? We were in Hell's Kitchen, we got locked out on that roof, we were just dancing until the sun came up? Naked. - You know what I remember? - What? Us fighting like crazy. Oh, come on, I remember us making up like crazy. Mind-blowing sex. Until you slept with what's-her-name. So you're not gonna let me live that down, are you? Oh, now that's a trick question. I'm a woman. In case you forgot. (LAUGHS) Okay, fine, let's just check into that hotel, maybe we'll regret it in the morning, maybe we won't. Let's try it. (LAUGHS) Yeah, um, I'm gonna go home. Yeah. Good night. (DOOR CLOSES) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY) (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) - (KNOCK ON DOOR) - I'm coming, I'm coming. (SIGHS) Hold your horses. All right. Oh. My God, what took you so long? Hi, Mom. I forgot something for school. Hey, sweetie. (SIGHS) JOAN: Late to the door. Clothes on the living room floor. (SCOFFS) My God, you must have had a date. It wasn't a date. It was work. (LAUGHS) Who was he? None of your business. Will you zip me up? (SIGHS) (SIGHS) I don't feel good about us fighting. This whole thing with your father was my fault. If I'd been more open with you about the suicide note, you wouldn't be questioning it now. All I want to know is the truth. (CELL PHONE RINGS) (SIGHS) Megan Hunt. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATION) MEGAN: What do you got? We got a female victim, mid-20s. Cleaning lady found her an hour ago. It's a mess inside, clear struggle. The attack was brutal. You haven't heard from Tommy, have you? No. Why? I've been trying to contact him all morning. Can't get through. Something tells me he had a late night. That right? Where's the victim? - (CAMERA CLICKING) - Her name's Skylar Green. Still canvassing the neighbors, so far no one saw or heard anything. (SPEAKING INAUDIBLY) Megan, you okay? Patterned abrasions, she was strangled. Slight rigor, she died sometime last night. I need to speak to you outside. Now. Megan? Megan, what's going on? You have no idea where Tommy is? No, I told you, I've been trying to call him. We need to find him. Now. Megan, what's going on? Tommy and I had drinks last night. When I left the bar, he was with her. The victim. Skylar Green. - Are you sure? - Positive. - That's not good. - No. Try him again. - Okay. - (SIGHS) (CELL PHONE RINGS) (CELL PHONE RINGING) (GRUNTS) Tommy? - Tommy, Tommy. - (GROANS) What happened? (EXHALES) I don't remember. So, Skylar Green is dead? You don't remember how you got here? No. What do you remember? Uh... (DISTORTED MUSIC PLAYING) I remember being in a bar with you. You left and I was... (DISTORTED MUSIC PLAYING) ... with Skylar. And it's all just a blur. How can this be possible? Was I drugged or something or what? I'll take some blood, we'll find out. So, the victim. Did you just meet her last night? Who, Skylar? Well, I interviewed her for the Steve Owen case. She was a hostess in one of his clubs. And she thought he was innocent. Wanted to help prove it. How many times did you interview her? Just that once. She kept calling me, saying it was related to the case, but I think she was just interested. And? I didn't take any of her calls, I haven't spoken to her in two months. Didn't look that way last night. You saw me with Skylar. You came back to the bar? Yeah. You don't know how you got those scratches? What scratches? TOMMY: What's that? It looks like fingernail polish. (SIGHS) I'll know for sure when the lab confirms it. Look, I didn't have anything to do with what happened to Skylar. ADAM: No one said you did. But Chief Martin wants you back at the precinct. She just wants to get you on record as soon as possible. What the hell happened there? I don't know. Him being here, not remembering, the scratches. It doesn't look good. Skylar Green's connection to Steve Owen is not a coincidence. Her murder has something to do with this case. But what does that have to do with Tommy? The sooner we find out, the better. For all of us. Everybody loved her. Skylar. I can't imagine who would've done this. Just to be clear, my client has been under house arrest since January. He's not a suspect in her murder. But there may be a connection to this case. Now, we know that Skylar was looking for proof that you were innocent. Is it possible that she found something? I don't know, I hadn't seen her in a while. You think that's why she was killed? It's possible. You think she might have talked to anybody else about this? Not that I can think of. Well... Except for Detective Sullivan, of course. What do you mean, "of course"? He was your partner, wasn't he? Didn't he tell you about Skylar? Please just answer the question. Go ahead. (SIGHS) Skylar was, uh, infatuated with him. She texted him all the time. She even showed up at his place once. Was this interest mutual? I don't think so. That's why Sullivan was a challenge. Skylar wasn't used to hearing no. MEGAN: What do you have? Tommy Sullivan can use some good news. What? Well, I found a strand of hair in Skylar's bed. The DNA profile is a match for Tommy. - In her bed? - Yeah. What else? I still need to double-check the findings. Curtis. (SIGHS) The foreign matter you found in Tommy's scratches, it's fingernail polish, like you thought. And it's an exact match to Skylar Green's. Doesn't mean he killed her. Yeah, but it means they got in a pretty nasty fight. Or she scratched him in the course of another activity. - Like? - Oh, boy. Oh, right. Let me see the marks on her neck. Okay, um, you see these patterned abrasions? Four centimeters apart. Think she was strangled by a belt. Probably a man's belt. Megan. Neither one of us wants to ask this, but was Tommy missing his belt when you found him? Detective Sullivan was missing half his wardrobe when I found him. Keep looking. Let me know when you find something that actually helps Tommy. You were found outside the scene of the crime, seen carousing with the victim the night before. And you're saying to me that you, a professional trained in observation, have no recollection of any of this. Chief, I know it sounds unlikely. You were at a bar. Was this a blackout due to alcohol? No, I didn't drink that much. I'm under the assumption that I was drugged. I certainly hope the blood work shows that, because if it doesn't, your lack of recall could prove extremely damning. Am I understood? Yes, ma'am. God's honest, I'm telling you everything I know. I did not kill Skylar Green. As far as you can remember. Do not leave the precinct until I tell you otherwise. That's an order. Yes, ma'am. Chief, I'm Adam Lucas. I'm Tommy's partner. I know who you are. Here's what you need to know. You need to get this resolved as soon as possible. For your partner, for you, and for the department. Right. What the hell was that about? (SIGHS) She wants to move this along, meaning she wants me to confess. Oh. Great, it's good to know she's got your back. With a bayonet. This looks kind of bad, doesn't it? Yeah. Well, it won't once we find out what really happened. Now, do you remember anything about last night? Even something little? (SIGHS) Well, I've been racking my brain. I can't think of anything that happened to Skylar. But most bars have a surveillance camera. Right. We checked. O'Connor's, they do. Tapes are on their way. So, this is you and Tommy before Skylar got there. "I remember us making up like crazy. Mind-blowing sex." "We were a lot younger then." - Okay, fast-forward, please. - (KEYBOARD KEY CLICKS) - (WHIRRING) - (KEYBOARD KEY CLICKS) "Let's check into that hotel. Maybe we'll regret it in the morning..." - Further. Further. - (KEYBOARD KEY CLICKS) - (WHIRRING) - (KEYBOARD KEY CLICKS) "You haven't returned any of my calls." "You have to stop this, okay? You can't do this anymore." I can't read the whispering. "Just stop it, all right?" "I had to see you. I had to see you tonight." "Do not... It has to end now. "You have to..." He slurred the last words. "Just hear me out. Please." "You're going to regret this. Come on." Are you sure that's what he said? "You're going to regret this"? I'm very confident. I've been doing this professionally for 20 years. Thank you, Meryl. Thank you. Thank you. So, Steve Owen said that Skylar wasn't just interested in Tommy, she was practically stalking him. Right, so he was trying to get her to back off. She won't. He has too much to drink, he threatens her. He gets violent? Believe me, Tommy knows lots of ways to break up with women, violence is not one of them. (CELL PHONE RINGS) Yeah? CSU techs found it hidden in the brush about 20 yards from where you discovered Tommy. It was covered in Skylar Green's blood. Would you hold that for me? Thank you. Now... Okay. As you can see, the ligature marks match up perfectly. Let me see that. The belt had trace leather on it that came from something else. We're working on it. What are you not telling us? Yeah. Well, we found epithelials on the belt. And we have a DNA match. (TYPING) Tommy. (SIGHS) (CAMERA CLICKING) (WHIRRING) (BEEPS) ADAM: Skylar's friends say that she was infatuated with you. Records show that she sent you over 100 texts since you first interviewed her. Tommy, we found your hair in her bed. Okay, there was no relationship. I wasn't sleeping with her. Then how did it get there? I don't know. We found Skylar's fingernail polish in your scratches. There is video of you apparently threatening her. And your belt is the murder weapon. Somebody's doing this, framing me. That's why they drugged me. What? You blood work came back normal. No drugs found. (HANDCUFFS CLATTER) I did not kill Skylar Green! (EXHALES) I didn't kill Skylar Green. Tommy, we believe you, we're your friends. We think that you might have been framed, but we just can't prove it. Yet. So we need another way of tackling it. Have you got another lead or anything? Hello, Chief Martin. What are you doing here? (CHUCKLES) As blunt as always, Dr. Hunt. Chief Martin has come to us as a courtesy, with developments in the Detective Sullivan case. Have a seat, please. ANGELA: You two work closely with Detective Sullivan. You have an understandable loyalty to him. But I'm here to tell you that Detective Sullivan may not be the man that you think he is. Meaning what? We've determined that after they left the bar, Detective Sullivan and the victim wound up at a nightclub. The Red Light. That's one of Steve Owen's clubs. We think that Skylar's murder may have something to do with his case. We know this because Detective Sullivan got into a fight with the bouncer at the club. The club has filed a complaint. The bouncer stated that the attack was completely unprovoked. That Sullivan was just belligerent. Looking for violence. It's his side of the story, of course he's gonna blame Tommy. Yes, well, there's more. Because of the circumstances, the NYPD has agreed to unseal confidential facts about Detective Sullivan's file. His last year there, Sullivan chased down and beat a suspect, badly. That's why he left New York. KATE: According to the hospital records, the man was in intensive care for over two months. This has no details about the circumstances. It could be totally out of context. We'll get the details, but the most overriding context is that Detective Sullivan has a pathological problem with control. From the beginning, neither of you should have been on this case. - You are not any longer. - (MEGAN SCOFFS) I don't work for you. KATE: I'm pulling you, at the Chief's request. She's absolutely right. The police department and this office have got to maintain objectivity. Objectivity, or appearances? ANGELA: At this point, you will distance yourself from Detective Sullivan. You will not do or say anything that could further jeopardize the case against him. Curtis is waiting to brief us on Skylar's autopsy. We'll be back. That report doesn't leave this office. This is your chance to read it. (ADAM SIGHS) (EXHALES) I don't know what to say. I don't know what to think. Tommy never told me about what happened in New York. It's like you said, we don't know the circumstances. I know. I just wish I was more convinced. Megan, I've seen it happen to cops. 20-30 years of constant pressure. One day, they just crack. (SIGHS) And we also matched his belt to the murder. Well, based on the evidence, if this case were in my court, we'd already be in sentencing. I know. But? But I keep telling myself it's not Tommy. He's not capable of this. Well, you're not gonna like what I have to say. But I never trusted him. You really do have a knack for saying the exact opposite of what I want you to say. I'm just being honest with you. Look at his background. What? He's a cop from a broken family in Queens. I know we can't control where we come from... Oh, my God, do you realize what a snob you sound like? I just want you to be honest about what's really going on here. You were in love with him, years ago. No, I was not in love with him. And then he hurt you, and you're carrying around all these unresolved feelings. No. That was a long time ago. I'm over that. No, you're not. Your emotions are getting in the way of your judgment. Let go of this. Let justice take its course. Tommy doesn't need you. He needs a plea bargain. And you look like you need some rest. Thank you. I'm gonna let you get some. I love you. She's wrong, you know. Tommy wouldn't do that. He wouldn't hurt someone. You can't give up on him. Um... Honestly, Lace, I don't know what else I can do. The facts are not on Tommy's side. The fact is he saved both our lives. You have to help him. I know I owe it to him. You owe it to yourself. What does that mean? Take a guess. (EXHALES) Adam. The fight with the bouncer in the nightclub? I need you to meet me there, now. ADAM: Why? I think I can prove Tommy's innocence. (SIGHS) - (DOOR BUZZING) - (DOOR OPENS) (MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY) (CLUB MUSIC PLAYING) So, anytime you wanna tell me what's going on, please, feel free. Never mind we're not supposed to be anywhere near this case. There he is. - Hey. - Back room is closed. Good for you. Recognize this guy? He was out of control, like he was on something. Refused to leave. He gave me this. - I gave him that. - Excellent. And where exactly in the club did this fight take place? When you split his lip, did he go down hard? (CHUCKLES) Oh, yeah. Where was that? Right about here. Then this would be Tommy's blood. - Adam. - ADAM: Yeah? - Got a knife? - Yeah, I do. Hey! (BEEPING) You know, I really don't get it. We already tested Tommy's blood. You said there was definitely no sign of any drugs. That blood was drawn the morning after the murder. It would have already metabolized any drugs. This blood was spilled 10 hours earlier without any chance to metabolize. (BEEPS) - (SIGHS) Yes! - What? What have you found? Tommy was drugged. Thanks for seeing us. Hello, Kate. The Chief understood you had medical evidence to present, so she asked me to be here as well. I also understood that you two were off the case. But let's hear what you got. Detective Sullivan's blood work. The spike that you will see is called Zolpidem, it acts just like a roofie. It also explains all of his symptoms, compliance, aggression, loss of memory. It also proves that he was drugged the night that Skylar Green was killed. Which implies that he was framed. Meaning that you have the wrong man. You got this blood off the nightclub carpet? That's right. How do you know the carpet wasn't contaminated? There are probably traces of drugs everywhere in that place. The point is the context. Tommy said he was drugged, that is supporting evidence. Yes, but the problem is the rest of the evidence is extremely overwhelming. But you can't just ignore this. This is reasonable doubt. (SIGHS) MEGAN: All right, how about this? You call the DA, you ask him to release Detective Sullivan on his own recognizance for just 24 hours. - Why? - Sensorial reenactment. Maybe he can retrace his steps last night, remember some details, so that we can find the real killer. Megan's right. There are legitimate studies to support that. Regardless, I can't condone his release. Now, if Detective Sullivan wants to make bail, of course he can do this on his own. He can't make bail. Bail is set at &2 million. Could you ask the DA to reduce it? Why would I do that? As a gesture of support to one of your own. I can't take the risk, precisely because he is one of my own. So you're going to let an innocent man lose his career, and his freedom... Megan. Because you need to cover your own ass and get a really good headline? For all appearances, Detective Sullivan dug his own grave. And for whatever reason, you seem very anxious to join him. Could you give us a minute, please? What the hell are you doing? That woman has an agenda. Yeah, a legitimate one. She's got to stand up against corruption in her own ranks. That was really good. Where are the teleprompters? Why are you going this far out on a limb for Tommy Sullivan? Is there something going on between you two? No. But? What are you not telling me? I knew him when I was in New York. We used to date. - And you never told me this? - It's old news. Megan, the MEO has to be impartial, you can't advocate for a murder suspect. Listen, you've already been ordered off of this case, you have got to stay away from him. Or what? Don't make me go there, Megan. (BUZZER SOUNDS) It's your lucky day. You made bail. What? I don't know anybody with that kind of money. So, you never told me how you could afford my bail. I couldn't. I put my condo up for collateral. Also... Everything else. - I don't know what to say. - (CELL PHONE RINGS) Thank you. You did see that was your boss, right? My former boss. She was calling to fire me. Because you're helping me. Megan, I don't want you to put everything on the line like this. Why? You did the same for me. Yeah, but there doesn't have to be a quid pro quo. The quid pro quo is you tell me what really happened in New York. (SIGHS) My sister. She died in a hit-and-run accident about a year ago. Laura? Oh, God, Tommy. Yeah. (SIGHS) Somebody ran a red. It was some Wall Street type. And he's paid his way out of two DUls. His lawyer convinced the judge that there was reasonable doubt he was behind the wheel. And I lost control. Broke some rules and broke some bones. The guy didn't press charges 'cause he didn't want to be in the news. But NYPD tossed me, and came here for a fresh start. You could have told me. I thought it would scare you. Oh. (LAUGHS) It scared me. But the part of you that went outside the law for your sister, it's the same part that helped me and Lacey, so... I don't know how I feel about it. Certainly not going to decide right now. (SIGHS) You sure I was here? 'Cause I got nothing. Could you turn up the lights and the music, like it would have been a couple of nights ago? Sure. (SIGHS) (EXHALES) (MUSIC PLAYING) I was here. With Skylar. She was trying to show me something. It's like a picture or... It's a photograph. MEGAN: Keep trying. I can't. Do you think that she actually did find something in the Steve Owen case? Adam, it's me. Meet us at the crime scene. If Skylar owned a computer, we couldn't find it. If she printed something out, isn't there a... Picture still in the cache? Right. - Okay, here we go. - (BEEPS) (WHIRS) Oh, oh, oh. - That's Steve Owen's club. - Look in the background. Steve Owen. ADAM: And the time stamp, November 17th, 11:30 p.m. That's when he was supposedly killing his partner. Skylar finally found someone who could prove his alibi. That's why she was killed. Time stamps can be incorrect or faked. No. This is definitely real, otherwise she wouldn't have been killed. Besides, it'd be easy to ID these people in the photo, and have them confirm the time frame. Then that means her killer knew that she was bringing it to you. Tommy? I chased him outside. I was weak, my head was spinning. And I fell, he ran. I couldn't keep up with him, but he... (GRUNTS) TOMMY: He hopped the fence. This is where he went over. Right here. MEGAN: You're right. This looks like the sample of fabric that we found on your belt. It's got some kind of dust on it. Maybe there's something in the trial evidence that will help us ID the real killer. TOMMY: Let's check it out. I'll go see his lawyer. LAWSON: Remarkable. I tried so hard to prove Steve Owen's alibi, and you turn up solid evidence in two days. Well, it took Skylar months. We have to assume that whoever framed Steve Owen for murder killed her, too. And framed you in the process. My understanding is you were arrested for her murder. Yeah, look, I proved your client is innocent. I was just hoping you might be able to do the same for me. I'd like to look at all the evidence you collected. Admissible or not. I'll pull the files. See what we can find. Oh, uh... Steve should be here any minute. If Kate finds out we helped you, we are all going down, big time. If it makes you feel any better, I'll probably get fired, too. It doesn't. The fibers from the belt that was used to strangle Skylar Green match the fibers from the fence. You were right. But the piece you recovered tells us something else. Hmm. Machine stitching. Looks like the seam of a glove. Exactly. So our killer wore gloves. That narrows it down to, like, anyone. CURTIS: Not quite. Look at that. The dust we found on the glove fragment? It's gypsum and recycled paper. Comes from new drywall. So it's not just any glove. It's a work glove. Used in construction. Megan, we got a problem. (GRUNTS) - (SCREAMS) - (GROANS) (GRUNTS) (BOTH GRUNT) - (CLICKS) - (SCREAMS) Tommy, Tommy? TOMMY: Yeah. - Tommy, stay down. - No, I'm fine. - Stop. Stop. - I'm fine. - Tommy. - (GROANS) Where does it hurt? I don't know. Big dummy. I just need... I need CPR. Yeah. You need a pop in the mouth. So we found this in your house. It's Steve Owen's accounting book, with all the cooking. You've been skimming off of every deal you were an attorney on. When his partner, Jason, found out, you killed him. Tried to frame Owen for the murder, and you suppressed any evidence that would've strengthened his case. This is all circumstantial. That's true. Except for, we found these gloves in your car under the driver's seat. We found fragments of leather gloves on a fence near the crime scene. And identical leather on the murder weapon. Skylar Green called you at your office the day she was murdered. She wanted to tell you something that she found out. You knew you had to silence her. You killed an innocent girl, a sweet girl in cold blood. All Skylar wanted to do was to prove that her friend was innocent, and you killed her for it. Just like you did Jason Banning. I want you to know that I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure that you never see the light of day again. Is there anything else you want to say, Mr. Lawson? I want a lawyer. And with my profound apologies to the defendant and his family, I motion for dismissal of all charges against Steve Owen. The motion is granted. BAILIFF: All rise. - You ready? - All right. No need to apologize. (LAUGHS) On second thought, go ahead. I hope you can understand the position I was in. You mean being wrong? Oh, you are not going to accept an apology gracefully, are you? Mmm-mmm. Well, I'm just glad you're back. Thomas Sullivan is lucky to have you in his corner. I'm just glad you weren't wrong about him. That remains to be seen. What do you mean? I'll see you at work. How's the arm? Thanks to the wonders of modern medication, it's fine. Listen, I don't know how to thank the both of you. Yeah, that's not really true. He tried to hug me. - It didn't go down well. - Yeah. He's uncomfortable with displays of affection. It's nice to know the two of you are so evolved. So, I'll see you back there. I gotta go. You do realize this is where it all started with an innocent invitation for drinks. There was nothing innocent about that invitation. Well, yeah, I used the case as an excuse. But I'm not going to do it again. So let's go have a drink. Oh, are you sure? The last time you asked me out, you got arrested for murder. You did come back to the bar that night to take me up on my offer. I never should've admitted that. No, you shouldn't have. It was a momentary lapse brought on by three tequilas. Which I hope to replicate with three more. You are the eternal optimist. - You know, you haven't said no yet. - (LAUGHS) MEGAN: All right, but I'm going home tonight. Alone. - TOMMY: Sure you are. - Just stop talking. TOMMY: Not my strong suit. MEGAN: Well, what is, really? TOMMY: Have three tequilas, I'll show you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 