Flack: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flack 
 s2e3 - Clara - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flack (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Clara - full transcript 
 The team stage a fight at a rally to help William Pendelton gain popularity before his bid to become London Mayor, but it fails to go to plan and Caroline demands some answers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 FOOTSTEPS APPROACH Hey, Mom. Sorry I'm late. Forgot what cabs are like upstate. I'm in no rush. Oh, fuck me, look at you. How do you get more beautiful with age? Is it just you? Ruth can't fly. Course. I'm only her mother. She's about to give birth. Already? I guess you'll have to do. So how are you feeling? That feels like a leading question. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I feel ready to go. I've been here for six weeks, alone. Mom, I live in London. I have a job. I called the centre. I arranged for you to come here. They actually said that it was better to come see you on your way out than on your way in. Well, I'm sure they know best. So how, was it? How was what? This place. Did they take care of you? It was fine. Well, you're welcome. Oh, I'm sorry, honey. Did you want a thank you? I am. I'm so, so grateful. I really, really am. I... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm just tired, you know? This place is a fuck of a long way from Manhattan. I suppose you did that on purpose. So how are you feeling? Peachy. I have a theory that cats are the most successfully-evolved creatures on the planet. They do whatever they like. They go wherever they like. I mean, even a dog you've got to put on a lead. You ever tried to put a lead on a cat? I have. Tea? Do you have coffee? They can do whatever they like, and then they have these human slaves. Who follow them around and give 'em a warm bed and regular meals and clean up their shit. Mike, why are you called American Mike? There were two Michaels in my class at school. Is that it? Er, I used to have terrible chapped hands when I was a kid. My mum made me wear these black leather gloves. Gary Goodman said they looked like the gloves that OJ Simpson used to murder his wife. Anyway, bit of bad news. Doctor Dick's having his gall bladder removed. So I'm a little bit behind on my supply. What? No, don't panic. I've got a plan B. I just might not be able to get 'em to you till this afternoon. I got the rest of it. Got you some extra Ambien cos you said the last lot weren't working, but I don't need to tell you how easy this stuff is to get hooked on. So only use it when you absolutely need to. Promise? Promise. Thanks for the, tea. Text me when that stuff gets in, yeah? Right. Robyn, you son of a bitch. This is Melissa. How's London? Is it raining? So, listen, I got your message about Gabriel Cole. I don't wanna get into it on the phone, but he had a thing with one of the girls in the office here, and he got intense. Put it like this - he's a man who likes to get his own way. Hey. Mmm, naughty. I have to work. HE URINATES Don't mind me. Stay tonight. I can't. Stay tonight. Gabriel, I've been here for two nights in a row. I need to go home. I need clothes. I'll buy you new clothes. I don't need new clothes, I need my clothes. Well, see, they will be your clothes. Where, were we? Wash your hands. Ladies, this is William Pendelton and Beth Fennell. Sorry. William is planning to run for mayor at the next London election, and wants us to handle his campaign. Look, I'm gonna cut to the chase. I want to be party leader in six years, Prime Minister in eight. That's the golden goose we're fattening up here. London Mayor is the first step to making that happen. We don't really do campaign politics. Exactly. That's why you're perfect. Politics doesn't do politics any more. It's all about PR. The last thing people want these days is a politician. Give them the stats, Beth. Greater London represents 73 UK constituencies. It's also home to 59% of the black population of the UK. If we could engage those voters, we would have a significant advantage. And I have something none of my fellow candidates can offer. I'm urban. The mistake everyone is making these days is pandering to the old people, who are living too long and growing more and more conservative-slash-racist with age. You don't need to be a genius to figure out there will be a tipping point. Old people die. Young people come of age. We believe within the next seven years, as generation alpha reaches voting age, the pendulum will swing significantly enough to command a majority. And then all hail Mayor William, who shalt be king hereafter. HE CLEARS THROAT Look, look, these kids have grown up woke. They spent their whole teenage years listening to the adults argue about Brexit and #MeToo and Trump and climate change, whilst not doing a thing about it, and, as a result, they're frustrated. They're angry. Which means they'll vote. And the good thing about these kids? All they care about is image. When was the last time you saw a young person reading a manifesto? Personality, not policy, wins the day. So long as they can feel like they're being progressive enough to shout about it on social media, they will literally take to the streets for you. And what's more progressive than voting for the brown guy? Not to mention Beth here, campaign manager. She's a woman, and she's disabled. Show them your arm. No. SHE CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY Please stop doing this in meetings. So, what do you think? Do you even have tea? I have wine. So, how's London? It's great, actually. You really like it there, don't you? Yeah, I do. Isn't it cold? No colder than here. On the shelf to left of the fridge. The little tin. This isn't tea. It's herbal. Mom, I literally just picked you up from treatment. Not for pot. Come on, baby, please! It relaxes me. That's my girl. So, what do you wanna do today? I kind of have to work. You just got here. Mom, the world can't just stop every time you do this. What's that supposed to mean? It's not supposed to mean anything. Every time I do this? I'm sorry, am I inconveniencing you? Please don't. Wait a minute. Do you think that I was crying wolf? Because let me tell you something, sweetheart, I goddam meant it, OK? I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Just... I'm anxious, you know. It's these new meds they have me on. They make me, ugh. It's OK. SHE EXHALES God, you are so pretty. Not as pretty as you. That's true. But you sure are pretty. Are you angry? No. It's OK. You're allowed to be angry. I'm not angry. Is Ruth angry? A little. Ruth doesn't do "a little". Wonder where she got that from. Ooh! Guilty. I'm sorry, we can't all be emotionally detached. So, let's do something fun. What's fun? Ooh, let's go for a carriage ride in Central Park. Mom, I'm not paying 100 bucks for some tired old horse to drag us around the park. Fine, I'm just trying to come up with things to do. When do we see each other? We should do something nice. You should rest. I've been resting, for six weeks. Let's go shopping. For what? I don't know. Ooh. Let's get manicures. I have been dying to get a manicure. I don't want a manicure. For Christ's sake, Robyn, can you just help me out here? You're so fucking negative. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, baby, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just... Come on. Everything is just... Everything is just, kind of a lot. I guess if we're focusing on London for now we need to show people that you're not just another polished politician in a cheap suit. You need to show them your London. Talk about your, your ends. Well, I didn't actually grow up in London. I'm from Buckinghamshire. I'm not going to lie. I went to prep school with the majority of the cabinet. King's scholarship to Eton, four years, classics at Balliol, Oxford. I know I'm not exactly, you know, Eminem, but I've had my fair share of scrapes. I've eaten my share of jerk chicken. OK, let's focus on your heritage. Where are your grandparents from? Er, Cambridgeshire. Other side? Oh, right. Er, Ghana. Have you been? Er, no. No, my mother moved before I was born. She didn't really have any family left out there. Well, we're gonna need to find some. Second, third, fifth cousins, it doesn't matter. We're gonna need photos of you with them out there. The more, you know, Comic Relief-y the better. Got it. You're going to have to talk about YOUR black experience. The only thing is, I don't think my black experience was that... black. Look, Will, I don't care if you were born on the moon with a silver tablespoon up your arse. You are a black man and you have experience, whether it's being called brother or having your fist bumped instead of your hand shook, being asked where you're really from, slowing down your walk home so people don't think you're going to mug them, being told your hair is fun, having people tell you how much they love R&B; or Supermalt or jollof rice. You are authentic, whether you know it or not. We just need to get under the, the skin of it. I mean, I will say that at school there was always the assumption that I'd be excellent at athletics, you know, and I'm not, so, you know, that was difficult. Ooh, wait, I think we've got it. We're positioning him as a crusader, right? An outsider who stands up for what's right in the face of adversity. There's a UK First protest growing outside Finsbury Park police station as we speak. They're angry because their colleague has been arrested for religiously aggravated harassment? Posted a poo through the door of a mosque. Anyway, imagine black and white image, nose-to-nose with the fascists. No fear for his own personal safety. Outmanned, outnumbered. Our hero delivers an impassioned speech, telling the protestors he understands why they're angry but it's the politicians who are really to blame. The politicians he happens to be the antidote to. A speech for the ages. All captured in a flurry of camera phones. And as a result he is viciously attacked. Sorry, what? Hate crime. Nice. Police pull him from the affray. Footage on repeat on every rolling news station. The man who stood up against the rising tide of the far right. You'll be a hero. A symbol. Martyr. Just so I'm clear, we're saying he should go and get beaten up? Look, couldn't I just present a MOBO or something? We'll set the whole thing up. Fake it. We'll hire an actor for you to confront at the protest. Actually, this could work very well for us. Focus groups were saying William needs to score better on the masculinity front, too. I'm sorry, what? Fun. We're going to need to move quickly if we want to turn this around. William? You think it'll give me, you know, Idris vibes? Definitely. For sure. Absolutely. Without a doubt. OK, fine. But just make sure they avoid the face. SHE GASPS Holy flaps. This place is meant to be insane. They give you, like, this personal shopper who just, like, brings you dresses whilst you sip champagne and enjoy Himalayan salt foot rubs. God, I wish I could date a gazillionaire. You're his Pretty Woman. Pretty Woman is about a prostitute. Oh. Still. Why are you dressed like you're about to show me where the exits are? My mum and dad are coming down to take me for dinner. I got it from samples. Is it OK? Depends. Do your parents think you're a contestant on The Apprentice? Tanya Bert just called. She's freaking out. Something about a tweet taken out of context. I'd better get round there. Eve, will you run point on William? Melody, can you find us an actor for the demonstration? Try the people we used for the Cumberbatch mugging. FYI, Honey Pup have sent a selection of products as a thank you for helping with their launch. You might want to head over there before the vultures plunder all the quality merch. Come on, Band Camp. If anyone ever needed a free high-end sex toy, it's you. Are you coming? No, I'm good for love eggs. I'd better get round to Tanya's. Why aren't you securing my spot? No-one takes anything till I'm there. Mark the thieves' hands with a Sharpie. It's not like you to turn down a free butt plug. I've got butt plugs coming out of my ass. Nice shoes. So, are you and Gabriel...? It's just a bit of fun. Right... Oh, Christ, what is it, Rob? Are you sure he's a good guy? Sure, cos that's my type, right? Good guys. I mean, that really worked out well for me last time, didn't it? I'm sorry, that wasn't fair. No, it's just I... Look, Rob, I appreciate the sentiment, and I'm glad that we can be pals again, but I'm just not sure that we're at that point of doing the whole boy-talk thing yet. Sure. Look, go deal with Tanya. I'll get things moving here. We'll see you at the rally and I'll see if I can save you some nipple clamps, OK? SHE SIGHS OK, ladies. We're doing this in order of need and experience. I'm afraid I'm trumping on both counts. Got one, got one. Doesn't work? Ooh, these are good. Sandra, order of need. Hello, again. Oh, hi. Um, how are you? I'm good. Yeah, just thought I'd come for a mooch, see if I could pick up something for me and the boy. Great. What sort of stuff was he into when you guys were together? Would he wear a vibrating cock ring? You'd have to ask him. Oh, my God. I've got one of these bad boys. They're amazing. Have you tried them? I've never actually had a vibrator before. That explains so much. Excuse me? OK, you're taking this. Um... I'm not really sure I need this. Honestly, I couldn't live without one if I was single. Trust me. Warm and constant, glass of pinot, The Weekend on Spotify. You'll never want to leave your house again. Yoink. That's Christmas sorted. As you were. 'Scuse me. THEY CHUCKLE PHONE VIBRATES AND RINGS OK, listen to this. Day care for Teddy is going to cost eleven hundred a month. A nanny to pick up Kelly from school and then watch them until 5:30, that's £10 an hour. Travel for me at peak is £13 a day, so that's £1,588 a month. Starting salary is 22K, minus tax, so that will leave me with a very healthy profit of £49.06 a week. I mean, I actually don't know how single parents do it. Having a job is literally going to bankrupt me. Not to mention, I have actually nothing that is appropriate to wear in an office. All of my clothes are, like, pyjamas covered in barf or dresses I haven't worn since I was 21. Can I wear red to an office, or will I look like a handmaiden? Ruth, it's a job, not a date. Relax. You dress yourself every day. Just dress like you're meeting Mark's parents. OK, well now I'm nervous. Look, I've got to go. I love you, OK? Blessed be the fruit. So, was it helpful? What? Are you asking me if I'm fixed? Cos, honey, you know it doesn't work like that. I wasn't asking that. You're asking me for reassurances I can't give you. Robyn, please don't put pressure on me. Sorry. I'm not putting pressure on you. What do you weigh? Why? I'm making conversation. Did they make you do a lot of talking? You mean therapy? Oh, Christ! Every day we had to sit in that room and listen to each other make up interesting excuses for why we're all such fuck-ups. Please promise me you'll never go to therapy. What? Why? I can't bear the thought of you paying money just to sit in a room and have someone try to convince you it's all my fault. Anyway, it's all Jared's fault, that motherfucker! You haven't heard from him? Dad? Yeah. No. Why, have you? No. I... Just wondered, me being in the hospital. How would he know? I don't know. People hear about things, don't they? People talk. Facebook, I don't know. The therapist told me I'm grieving for the loss of my daughters. What? I'm not having this conversation again. My abandonment issues. Empty nest syndrome. You never had a nest, Mom. I'm just telling you what she said. So this is our fault? I'm not saying that. I'm not doing this. Look, I didn't ask you to put me in that godawful place. That awful place cost me nearly half my savings. Sam and I were saving for a down payment. Well, it's very sweet of you to lay that at my feet. I'm not laying anything at your feet, I just... It doesn't matter. Christ! You've still got that nasty temper, I see. What do you want from me? If you don't want to be here then just do it. It's not that hard to fucking die. Not even you can get it wrong, four times. I will not feel responsible for you. You cannot keep doing this shit to try to get us to come back. Why do you think we left in the first place? Oh, honey. Oh, baby. Oh, oh, baby. Shh, shh. Mamma's here. SHE SIGHS SHE RETCHES WATER RUNS So, I'm in Waitrose, buying stuff for dinner. I'm making French beans and mangetout with hazelnuts and orange. What the hell is mangetout? You know, the peas. The little peas in suits. Oh, you mean snow peas. I've no idea what Americans call them, but we call them mangetout, and so does Ottolenghi. What? The recipe. It's from the Ottolenghi cookbook that Addy got me for Christmas. We're trying to do the whole vegan thing, you know, save the planet. OK, Tanya, I think we're getting a little side-tracked here. OK, so I got the French beans and the hazelnuts and the orange and the chives, and I'm going for the mangetout, or snow peas, and they're all out, except for one soggy pack which is all brown and past its sell-by-date. You know, this is Waitrose. I mean, at certain supermarket chains you'd expect this sort of bull dust, but Waitrose? Tanya. So, I complain to the shop assistant. He apologises. I snap a pic and throw it up on Twitter, thinking I might get some free vouchers or something, just saying, "This is disgusting, "what is the world coming to? Shame on you, Waitrose." "Hashtag brown man get out"? No, mangetout! "Hashtag brown mangetout." Oh, Jesus! It was an innocent mistake. It wasn't my fault people read it wrong. Why haven't you deleted the tweet? I tried to explain it, but it's hard to do in 280 characters. I just kept getting these angry messages. I freaked out. I couldn't look at it any more. Where's your phone now? I panicked and hid it in the teapot. OK. We will just have to tell people that your account was hacked. Hacked? Who's gonna hack my account to tweet about peas? Well, do you have a better idea? It's not my job to have a better idea, it's yours. I'm clinging onto this Springwatch contract by a thread. If the BBC sack me for... OK, I get it. Just give me the phone. I'll draft something. Oh, what do they want? Oh. What? That's weird. 14,027 followers? Why is that weird? Because I only had 9,500 this morning. PHONE VIBRATES AND RINGS Just a sec. Yeah. I've got an actor. It's Matt. We've used him before. Yep, I remember Matt. Eve's written it up. We're gonna jump it in an Uber with William to Finsbury Park Police Station. Matt's gonna be there at three. Eve wants you to brief him while I meet the photographers. Three? I just got here. OK. I'm gonna have to go. What? Now? It's an emergency. Well, what do you bloody call this? I'm gonna text you what you need to tweet, and then after you post it just sit tight. OK? No, Robyn. I'll call you when I get off the Tube. INDISTINCT SHOUTING No more mosques! No more mosques... No more mosques! No more mosques! Christ's sake. What? My keys. Gabriel's taken my bloody keys. What? He's done it before. It's cos he wants me to go back to his. Yeah, that's weird. Go find Robyn. This is exciting, isn't it? Political espionage. Feel like we're in Bodyguard. Look, are we 100% sure this is a vote winner? Are you kidding me? This is gold. It's like This is England 2020. Not a flat white in sight. Ironically. Do you remember your safe word? Er, marmalade. THEY CHATTER INDISTINCTLY HELICOPTER WHIRS OK, got the scripts. All OK? Yeah, fine. Just... By the way, I wanted to say thank you. For what? Telling Eve about my appointment. Oh, yeah, right. But also, don't look at my stuff. OK. Melody? Matt? You're not Matt. No. Sorry, Matt couldn't make it. He had an audition come through for Call the Midwife, so he asked me to cover for him. I'm Leon, his flatmate. Um, but, but you're... Did he tell you about the gig? Are you sure you're comfortable with it? Look, a job's a job, innit? I was just doing this profit share underneath Waterloo, so, I'm a bit broke. Still waiting to hear back from a bit on Doctor Who, semi-regular. This, gay blue alien who has a thing for one of her assistants. Down to the last two, but they said I'd hear yesterday, so I think they've given it to the other fucker. Oh, kill me. You do know it's quite physical? Look, babe, I've played a bad boy a ton. At drama school we did this production of Macbeth all set on a council estate. I played one of the witches and we were like these chavs on BMXs. We did a six-day-long form improvisation. We went a bit mental. Day five we killed a fox. My point is, is that I've got it, the full immersion. You're not gonna use my face or anything, right? Cos I did this advert for Wall's sausages and we said that we can't do anything that contradicts the brand values. I'm not entirely familiar with their value system, but I think it's probably best if we obscure your face, either way. I'm gonna go meet the photographer. Here's your script. PHONE RINGS How are you getting on? Uh, change of plan. Matt is now Leon. He's wearing a red hoodie. Red hoodie, OK. I've gotta go. It's Tanya. PHONE RINGS 19,000. What? I've got 19,000 followers. PHONE CHIMES Well, 19,810... PHONE CHIMES ..11, actually. OK, I've sent you the apology. All you have to do is just... I'm wondering whether an apology might not be the way to go. What do you mean? PHONE VIBRATES Oh, sorry, I have to put you on hold. Yes? We're on. The eagle has left the nest. I repeat, the eagle has left the nest. OK, now, go. Now, now, now. Go. Tanya, what do you mean, not the way to go? I just think a lot of people have been touched by what I've said. About the snow peas?! My agent just called. They're enquiring about Question Time. You're gonna have to speak up. I can't hear you. They're looking for an alternative POV to talk about the protests. They think I could be the palatable face of the far right. That does not sound like a good thing. You always said I needed more of a persona, a brand. I meant like the woman who wears wacky earrings, not the woman who burns crosses. Every drama needs an antagonist, Robyn. It's like panto. Speaking of which, I've just been offered two of those. Tanya, people think you're a fascist! No, that's not true. Listen to my Twitter feed. "Finally, someone with the stones "to say what we're all feeling. GGoodman77." "Need ppl like you to fight for our free spitch." She must mean speech. "Loved you on Strictly. SOP1982." She thinks I'm Rachel Riley. Hm. Like. THEY CHANT No more mosques! No more mosques! No more mosques! No more mosques! No more mosques! No more mosques! No more mosques... Muslim paedos off our streets! Muslim paedos off our streets... I've connected with the zeitgeist, Robyn. I mean, how often can you say that? You were talking about mouldy peas. Regular guest slots on LBC, reality TV... a column on the Mail Online. Muslim paedos off our streets! PHONE RINGS OMG, it's me agent. Hey, lovely, talk to me. Oh, my God. What did they say? I can't hear you, I'm at this thing. LOUD CHANTING CONTINUES MULTIPLE CAMERA CLICKS Uh, wh... why are you doing this? What do you hope to achieve? Piss off, mate. I know you feel angry, and you feel confused, and the world is a terrifying, scary place right now, and when the world feels like that, all we want to do is lock the doors and protect ourselves from what's on the other side. But the truth is, what is on the other side of those doors is the only thing that can save us, each other. We are not enemies. You're looking in the wrong direction. HE SCREAMS EXCITEDLY Doctor Who! Semi-regular. ..they want you to be angry. They want you to be numb. They want you to blame those below, because while you're busy looking down, it is those above who are stealing from you. Stealing your rights, stealing your liberties, they are stealing your privacy and they are stealing your peace of mind. They are stealing your compassion and your communities. But let me tell you, it is only as a global community that we can beat the existential threat that we all face. That's it. We don't make the world better by looking down. We make the world better by looking up. Hm? Brown man get out. Ha-ha. Brown man get out. PEOPLE CHANT Brown man get out. Brown man get out. Brown man get out. Brown man get out! Brown man get out... Marmalade. SHE GASPS SHOUTING INDISTINCT SHOUTING Broken nose. Three broken ribs. Bruising to the arms, face and head. Eight broken fingers and a ruptured spleen. He's predicted to win the mayoral elections by a landslide. Do you know that polar bears can smell a seal from over a mile away? They can even smell it through three feet of ice. I'm not sure exactly what happened here, but if there is a problem in my office, I will smell it... ..and I will deal with it. Leave. Robyn. If there's something you want to tell me, I will listen. I am invested in you. No. Cleaning chocolate off his balls with hand sanitiser and a used tissue. LAUGHTER Well, he was due on stage to present in, like, five minutes, and Caroline would have killed me if he hadn't... Oh. I'm envious of you. You know that? I wanted to do what you do. Travel, have a career, an exciting life. But... I had you. I was a baby. I was a firework. White fire. Everyone wanted me. Mm-hm. And then... SHE CLICKS FINGERS ..just like that, decision was made. It was his parents who made us go through with it, you know, the marriage. I'm sorry I was such a horrible mother. Mom. I just wasn't built for it, you know. I hated it. Not you. God no, I loved you. God, I loved you, and little Ruthy. I... I hated it. There was never very much of me in the first place, motherhood just took it all. Before I realised, it was like I didn't exist any more. Anyway, I don't know. SHE CHUCKLES Life is exhausting if you're not very good at it. Nobody is. That's not true. You are. You are good at it. You have no idea how good at it you are. You were better at it at 12 years old than I ever was. Well, kind of had to be. Maybe that was my little gift to you. Hey, so, I was thinking, maybe you could fly back to London with me. You could be there for Ruth, help take care of Kelly. You'd have to crash with me and Sam, but, change might do you good. That would be wonderful. Still can't believe I'm a grandmother. How the hell did that happen? I love you, Mom. Baby, I love you. You're my little sunflower. Hm-hm. Gabriel? I thought we were meeting at the restaurant. If this is some kind of weird surprise, you'd best know that I don't always react well. My mum threw a surprise party for my 11th, and when they jumped out from behind the curtains I punched my grandad in the face. In here. Wow. Howard Hughes, as I live and breathe. Are you going to say hello? Or look at me? I'm sorry, I'm just... Honey. Um... I got the new dress you requested. Is that one of the ones I picked out? I went off-piste. You like? Sure. Are you going to be wearing that to the restaurant? It's just that the whole Shia LaBeouf, haven't showered in a week, took a dump in a bag and sold it on eBay thing is just a little... 2014. I'm sorry, I'm in the middle of a crisis. I'm not gonna be able to make it to the restaurant. I'm sorry? It's the prototype. I've been going over these schematics again and again, and, and, and they don't work. They won't work. I've got to get the weight down, and if I don't get the weight down, everything here is fucked. I have a similar crisis about getting the weight down pre-Ibiza every year. The key is no carbs for a week and bring a one-piece. Eve, this isn't a joke. I cleared all my plans. I didn't ask you to cancel your plans. Oh, come on, don't ask me to choose between you and my work. I'm not. You know how important this is to me. I'm trying to create something truly innovative here, and everybody wants me to fail. The press, well, they think I'm crazy. Nobody seems to understand how important this work is but me. OK. Look, you're clearly otherwise occupied, so I think that I will just... No, no, wait. I said I couldn't make it to the restaurant, but... Why is there a gang of Japanese people hiding in your kitchen? I figured, since I couldn't make it to the restaurant, I would bring the restaurant to us. Gabriel, this is insane. No. This is Yoshikasu san. He is perhaps the finest sushi chef in the Western hemisphere. He and his team have elegantly prepared tonight's dinner, just for you. So, please, take a seat, enjoy the view, have some sake, and I will be with you as soon as I am done. OK? So, you've been here before? No, I haven't. It's a really nice treat, thank you. Sounds like you're out every night anyway, from what you're saying. I don't know where you find the money to be eating out all the time. Pret a Manger is not eating out, Mum. It is to me. Let her live her life, Linda. You're only young once. So, have you seen much of this Craig? We broke up, remember? I told you. Oh, well, I'm sure there's another handsome young chap just around the corner, eh? I'm actually just really happy on my own at the moment. Hope you're not on those apps. Mum, I'm 25. I appreciate that. All I'm saying is, you want to be careful. I was a magnet for lesbians when I was your age. I was, um, wondering if you've any plans to come back up and stay for a bit? I mean, your room is just sitting there how you left it. You know I work every day. By the time I get up to yours I'd have to turn back round again and leave. Yeah, well, it would just be nice to see our daughter, that's all. You're seeing her now. What's going on? Your father's cancer has come back. What do you mean? I thought they got it all out. They did. It's come back. I'm so sorry. MELODY SOBS Here. I'm sorry. Hey. Sorry I'm late, it's just had a bit of a day at... Hey. Sam, what are you doing here? He told me your news. Sorry, I assumed that... That you would have told me, but of course you didn't. Look, I just want to apologise for the other night. You caught me off-guard, you know, I was hurting, I was angry. I don't think I really realised just how fucked up things had gotten between us. OK. Look, Rob, I haven't forgiven you. OK? That's something that you need to earn and that we can both work on, you know, but this baby... No. Rob, this is what we both wanted, and... No. Maybe everything that happened... No, you're too late, Sam. You're too late. What do you mean? Why, what happened? Rob. What did you do? Robyn. Rob... SHE SHRIEKS SHE SOBS VIBRATING VIBRATING CONTINUES VIBRATING CONTINUES VIBRATING CONTINUES SHE SOBS I think it just captured what a lot of people were thinking. There's a lot of people out there who look around them and feel that England just isn't their country any more. That doesn't make them fascists. Their grandparents fought the fascists to defend this great island. All they want to do now is defend it again. Can you turn that off, please? Depressing, isn't it? You staying in the hotel? Uh-huh. Gonna buy me a drink? OK. Double Grey Goose, rocks, three limes, please. Blush by Wolf Alice Having a good night? Peachy. Can I see your room? Brooklyn Bridge, please, and take the long way. SHE SNIFFLES Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 