Flack: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flack 
 s2e2 - Brand Barron - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flack (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Brand Barron - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Coming up, we spend the day with Britain's hottest couple. He's the record-breaking racing driver, she's the pop star princess turned reality TV star. Together, they're the Barrons. It's been a tumultuous year for empress of the red carpet Roxy... Piss off! ...but she seems to be back on track after a stint in rehab, a new tell-all book and a turn on Celebrities Go Dancing. She and British basketball star Kadell James sashayed into the foxtrot final and won. Earlier this year a very pregnant Roxy renewed her vows with hubby Darren at a stunning ceremony at home. We here at VIP Access can't wait to meet baby Barron. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Die! You bastard! You're doing amazing, babe. Don't you touch me! Ooh! Is this normal? Perfectly. Come on, Roxy, nearly there. Keep going, babe! You're doing great! Babe, I was doing a video. Shut up! One more push. I hate you! What is it? It's a boy. I know it's a boy, I can feel it! Can we see him? Mr Cole was satisfied with his media training, then? I remember the first millionaire that I dated. My... boss at the time took me aside and gave me two pieces of advice - 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 if you find a millionaire, get married. If you find a billionaire, get pregnant. Saying that, she ended up in Belize with the head of a Velcro company and had a mental breakdown by the time she was 50, so I'm not sure she's the best person to be getting advice off. Isn't that the plot of The Bell Jar? You want my advice? Be wary of men whose dicks or pockets are too big. It makes their entitlement untenable. When the first petal drops, I want them gone. Hello, Caroline. Where are you taking that? Hi, Belle. It's me! I'm back! It's Melody? I used to work here for, like, two months, and then I left, and now I'm back again. Good for you. Melody? What are you doing here? I'm back! Wow. Yeah. I'm gonna be Eve's new assistant. OK. Great. Good luck with that. You moving in, or... The suitcase? Oh, no, I'm moving house today. Where are you going? Tottenham. Right. Football! Cool. I'm Belle. Yeah, I know? I'm Craig. I've worked here for two years. He's in IT. Ah... Alright, bitch! Hi. Um, sorry. This is Steph. Steph, this is Melody. Oh, you're Melody? Yeah. You're so different to how I pictured you. Hey, Belle. Well, it was lovely to meet you all, but I should really get back to my desk, so... I think she has face blindness. You moving in? That's what I said. I was just saying, I'm just moving house. Oh, you've got a small house. This is not my house. This is just my clothes. Yeah, I've got like a whole bunch of other stuff. God knows how I'm gonna get that across London on the Tube. Might just have to dump half of it. Why don't you give her a lift? No. Seriously. He's got an old Volvo Estate. It's hilarious. It makes you feel like a beleaguered single mother, but it's got shitloads of space. No, honestly, it's fine. Really, it is massive. I'd be happy to help. Really? Go on, let him. It gets him out of my hair for the evening. Anyway, I'd better get on. Some intern's trying to use an ethernet cable on her AirPrint printer. Classic. Right? Bye. Right, well, I should probably... Yeah, no, I should too. Wow, those are beautiful. Ah, perfect. Deal with them, will you? Are these from the millionaire? Billionaire, actually, and yes. Worried I might have given him the wrong impression. I think you gave him a pretty good impression, if you ask me. That's the problem. He wants to see me again. And that's bad because... Because I'm not interested in anything like that. I just want a bit of fun. Dicks for hire, one-date wonders. I'm off boys. All they do is cause problems. Speak of the devil. Hi, Robyn. Did those flowers just say hello? Melody? Hi. What are you doing here? I hired her. Right. She's my new assistant. Does Caroline... Caroline knows, yeah. She's over the moon. I thought you said Robyn... Come on, Frodo, my flowers are dying. Spit-spot. Yep. When did that happen? The other day. Bumped into her in a coffee shop. Caroline had mentioned she's going to be looking for a new junior agent, so we need to be looking at people to bring on. And were you gonna tell me, or did you just wanna leave it to be a really weird, awkward surprise? Did I not? Must have slipped my mind. Not a problem, is it? It's nice to have someone you can trust in the office, you know. So who are the flowers from? Client. Not Gabriel Cole, right? Why? It's just... he definitely dealt with my friend Melissa back in New York. I texted her. And why would he lie about it? Don't worry, my love, my eyes are open. I won't be telling my mother to buy a new hat any time soon. Ladies, Roxy Barron has had her baby. Cute. What is it? It's black. Ah. Well, bi-racial, to be precise, but whatever it is, it is not Barron. They're currently holed up at the hospital with a hungry media outside waiting for a photograph. Go over there and fix it, will you? Both of you. This is exciting... the gang back together again. I can't believe you lied to me. I didn't lie to you. You promised you didn't sleep with him! No, I never promised! Roxy! It only happened once! Once? You promise? Why do you keep making me promise all the time? Christ. What difference does it make anyway? Once, twice, 100 times - once it's been in, it's been in. 100 times? It was a figment of speech, Darren. He's, like, 12 years old. He's 23, actually. Do you love him? Don't be so soppy, Darren. It's just a shag, isn't it? Daz, don't, please. You know I always wanted to try it with a black man. We talked about it. I thought that were just sex talk. It was. Doesn't mean it ain't real. What, so you'd be OK if you found out I had a threesome with a pair of twins, would you? No, Darren, because they'd be sisters and you know that's weird. Guys, hi. Ah, good to see you. Congratulations. He's beautiful. Thank you. We're very happy. Look, I know we've all had a bit of a surprise, but how about we just sit down and figure out where we go from here? Where else is there to go from here? It's over. Don't be so dramatic. My baby's not my baby. It can still be your baby. It's black. Don't be racist. How is that racist? OK, time out. I know everyone's emotions are high, but we've got about 30 journalists camped out front looking for a photo, not to mention we've already sold the christening pics to OK! For a lot of money. So... Pay for your new Defender, Darren. You said get a family car. I wouldn't have even bought it if I knew it were dirty money. It is what it is, babe. OK, why don't we... Is there someone we can point to in the family history, perhaps? - Say it skipped a generation. - I don't think that's... It's a suggestion, Robyn. We're not tied to anything. - We're just throwing around ideas. - OK, sure. My grandma's second husband was from Saint Lucia. Yeah. That's not gonna work. Look, everyone makes mistakes, right? I mean, come on, Darren, let's be honest - we've all slept with someone we weren't supposed to, right? Maybe you've made a mistake in your time. Golf bitch. I never had sex with Sandy. She got me handicap down to nine. Don't call her a bitch. Blow jobs are sex, Darren. Surely the thing that matters the most is whether you're sorry or not, right? But what are we gonna tell everyone? It's pretty obvious the baby's not mine. We'll say that you had fertility issues. You what? You want me to say I'm impotent? Infertile. Big difference. Don't do it, Daz. You stay out of it, Tel. Don't you shout at him! Leave off, Sharon. Well, she's the one who's been off getting her clocks cleaned. Oh, come on, Shaz, as if your boy's an angel. We all know he was off shagging that golf bird. I never had sex with her! Blow jobs count. Bollocks. Oi! Look, all we say is that you were having trouble conceiving and that you decided to use a sperm donor. It's very common. Very modern. Why should he be the one saying his bits don't work when it was her going off and getting mucky with that other fella? Well, we can hardly say mine don't work, can we? I just had a bloody baby. Marriage is about compromise, Terry. Roxy's had to make her fair share of compromises. Yeah, like the time I wanted to start that ceramics brand and you said it was a bad idea, so we didn't. That's because you know nothing about ceramics. I wasn't gonna make them, Darren, I was gonna design them. It was a mental idea. Dinner plates with pictures of dinners on them is not a mental idea, Darren. It's fun and it's quirky and I maintain it would be successful. I could see it as a sort of stocking filler. Thank you, Dad. Guys, re the baby. Look, I'm not being funny, but think about how progressive you're going - to look with a bi-racial baby. - I mean, why do you think that Brad and Ange adopted all those beautiful little brown kids? - Focus on what really matters. - The brand. Don't see the infertility thing as a negative. You're being a modern man, being open about the issues you face. It's like when Pele advertised erectile dysfunction. True, he did. Oh, wonderful footballer, such feet. You'll be the perfect picture of the modern, progressive family. Breaking boundaries. Blurring lines. Also, getting in the race game could really help you crack America. Can't believe we got them to go along with that. Well, you have a talent in deceit, my dear. What do those things actually taste like? The dying fart of a Gummy Bear. So, are we gonna talk about the elephant in the room? The elephant that fucked my boyfriend, you mean? Can Tom be the elephant in this idiom? I am so sorry. Apologies are strange things, aren't they? Just expressions of shame. "I did a thing, didn't go well, can we pretend it didn't happen, please?" Why did you do it? Would it help if I could give you an answer? You know, I can't figure out what's worse - fucking up my shit through selfish, vindictive greediness, or just fucking it up through sheer apathy. I hate myself. I know you do. Sometimes I do too. I'm getting reporters asking questions. Oh, I will be just a minute. Ruth? What do people wear in offices? What? The women in your office - what do they wear? Do they wear, like, pant suits? It's not the '80s. Women wear whatever they want. Why? No reason. Is everything OK? Yeah, it's fine. Are you in tonight? I'm gonna be back a bit later. Work stuff. Look, I'm in the middle of something. I've gotta go. OK, bye. OK, here's what we have so far. "I'm delighted to announce the arrival of our son, Taron." Taron Rooney. I don't want him named after a footballer. Well, I'm sorry, Roxy, but you should have thought about that before you had an affair with a basketball player. I'm never gonna hear the end of this, am I? Come on, Rox, listen to your mother. Compromise. Isn't Rooney the one that slept with a granny? He's England's leading goalscorer and the Premier League's second leading goalscorer, behind Alan Shearer. So unless you wanna call our kid Alan? Taron Rooney Barron. "I would also like to take this opportunity to share with the world that our son was conceived using donor insemination and that we hope our story may inspire others who have experienced similar difficulties." Aw, that's nice. Roxy's doing well. Can you say 'Mummy'? "Mummy is doing well." It's cute when people say that. "Mummy is doing well, and I can't wait to get to know the little fella." Can I say "Daddy can't wait"? Might be confusing, babe. Alright, Darren, I'm gonna have this printed off for you. Rox, Eve is gonna get you in hair and makeup. I'll get the beers in. I'll come with you. 'Ere, couldn't hold him for a sec, could you? Oh... You need to take this. There's a newborn baby. Cool. I'm delighted to announce the arrival of our son Taron Rooney Barron. I would also like to take this opportunity to share with the world that our son was conceived using donor insemination, and we hope that our story may inspire others who have experienced similar difficulties. Mummy's doing well, and I can't wait to get to know the little fella. Thank you all for respecting our privacy at this time. We look forward to sharing our new baby with the world, and we're so in love with him. Kadell. Isn't that... ..my wife Roxy has been so strong during what has been a difficult pregnancy, and a long and... Look at this. ...arduous journey to get here. It hasn't been easy, but with the safe arrival of our son we can... Have you worked as a PA before? I was married for five years. Um, no, I haven't officially, but I'm incredibly organised, some people might say pathologically so. I worked at a restaurant in New York for a while and the girls kept taking each other's shifts, so I organised a system in the restaurant where it just... Ruth? Yes. OK, you seem like a nice lady, but I'm going to be totally honest. You don't have a lot of experience. OK. I'm looking for someone who I can trust to keep on top of things. My diary management alone is pretty hectic. We're not a small company. OK. Can I be honest, too, Mr Thornton? Please - Ross. Ross. OK, Ross, I have extensive experience managing a five-year-old who is like catnip for headlice, an eight-month-old who I think is nocturnal, a 43-year-old who still does not know where the bin bags are. I have a sister who is a self-destructive, narcissistic, sex and drugs addict, and I have two guinea pigs who I swear nobody but me has seen in the last two years. And yet they live. I cook, I clean, I suck snot out of their nostrils - the children's - I organise everything. I pay the bills, I do the grocery shopping, I do the homework, I do the tax returns, I yell at Alexa because she is a misogynist. I organise their dentist and their doctor and their optician appointments. I keep an unnecessarily complicated calendar of activities and plans and play dates. I send over 300 birthday cards and Christmas cards and thank you cards every year, and I make sure that they are personally signed, because the art of penmanship has been lost. I am trying to tell you that I organise the crap out of life, and so I think, with all due, Ross, I can make sure that you've got your staples and you get to your squash appointment on time. You don't half like calling me to some weird places. Well, I have a weird life. Thanks. You're my hero. Going through 'em pretty quick, mind. Like you said - tolerance. Sometimes slowing down works good as speeding up. Look, I'm not trying to do myself out of a job or anything, but... Mike, I'm good. You're the boss. Oh, fuck, I meant to go to the ATM this morning and then this all kicked off. You know I don't do credit, Rob. I know. I know, I'm sorry. Look, I'll pay you back next time, with interest. Pretty, pretty please? It won't happen again. Once. Don't go making a habit of it, pardon the pun. Course. Oh, before I forget, I cut this out of the newspaper for you. It's an article about hyper- dimensional computing theory, how it might lead to AI with reflexes and memories. You know, 'cause we was talking about whether robots are gonna end up killing us all or not. I just wish they'd hurry up and get on with it. Where is she? Oh, come on, come on, come on, don't play with me. Oh, fuck! I have to go. What level is she on? Kadell. What are you doing here? That's my baby. Shh! Kadell! That's my kid, Robyn, you know it is. They are married. Oh, don't give me that BS. You're the one that kept fucking sneaking me in for her. I know you don't give a shit about that, and neither does Roxy. You're right. The sanctity of marriage means about as much to me as a titanium tampon, but you know what does mean something to me? My work. And you marching in there shouting your mouth off is bad for my fucking business, OK? I'm a daddy. I'm a daddy. OK. Really? Guys, this is Kadell. What the hell is he doing here? That's my baby, blud. He's a Barron. Bullshit. Don't fucking swear in front of my wife. Dad. Alright, calm down. Kadell has every right to be here, because genetically the child is his. The child is his, right, Rox? Yes. What sort of slag do you think I am? Rude. Fact is, we are where we are, and we need to deal with it, like adults. You said you loved me. You what? Rox? No. I said I loved having sex with you, Kadell. That's different. Bloody Nora. Babe, I thought we had something special. No, babe, I... OK, time out. Ladies... huddle. Outside. Right now, please. Outside. OK, so what's the play? Anyone with an ounce of wit will know that that is Kadell's baby, so we need to run with it. What's the outcome that we're looking for here? Well, professionally, Darren and Roxy play much better as a couple. The living definition of more than the sum of their parts. We don't officially rep Kadell yet, but after this his profile's gonna go through the roof. So we lock him down? Keep it in the family. Rinse his 15 minutes. Whilst protecting brand Barron. OK. So how do we get them all to play ball? How do we ever get anyone to play ball? Give them what they want. Right. So what do they want? Bradley, baby, it's always such a pleasure to see your lovely face. Have you lost weight? Keto. I just eat meat and cheese all day and it's sliding off me like a chemo patient. Hey man, good job. Yes! I hear that Nike are looking for new blood. I have the perfect boy for you. Kadell James. Never heard of him. Rising star of British basketball. Top point scorer at the Olympics. A real rags to riches story. Caroline, I'm gonna stop you there. No-one gives an orphan's fart for British basketball. Hey, gimme some. There must be something you can swing. I really could do with a favour here. Angel, you know I would if I could, you know I would, but I can't. Besides, they've already earmarked Donovan Mitchell for that sector. The ink is practically dry. I understand, of course. Thank you for trying. Oh, one last thing. Shoot. Remember that video of you in Vegas, in the centre of a circle jerk of transgender prostitutes? Ha-ha-ha, that's funny. That's funny. She's good - you're good at making jokes. I was just thinking about it the other day, how I stopped it from getting to your wife and your boss and being published on the homepage of the Mail online. I cannot deny nor confirm that statement. I'll make some calls. You are a dear. OK. Look, Kadell, I know that you're feeling emotional, but you're 23 years old. You've got a great career ahead of you. You don't wanna be a full-time dad right now. And let's get real here. Everyone's gonna know that kid belongs to you, so I'm asking you to tell the press that, after getting to know Darren and Roxy during your time working together on Celebs Go Dancing, you formed a very special bond, and as a result they asked you to be a sperm donor to help them conceive their child. Think of it like a backdoor assist. Why would I do that? How does being one of the faces of Nike's new inheritance campaign sound? Full sponsorship. Huge visibility. And more trainers than you could wear in a lifetime. And of course you'd get to see Taron any time you're around. Buy him awesome presents for his birthday. And maybe every now and then you and Roxy can play a little game of Mr Wobbly hides his helmet. Hang on, what do I get out of this? You get to go back to golf lessons. Twice a week? Sandy says you won't see the difference unless it's at least twice a week. This is all a bit... European. We went on a cruise with a couple of swingers once. Who? Paddy and Margaret. Paddy and Margaret were swingers? Yeah. Look, I don't wanna piss on anyone's parade, but you two have been married for five years and I've already covered up at least three affairs for both of you, but I really do believe that you actually love each other. So if you're gonna screw other people, why not just be honest about it and get on with your lives? Polyamory is actually super on-trend right now. You get to have your cake and fuck it. Well done today. You did great. Um, Robyn? Um... look, I just wanted to say that I am... really happy to be back again, and I appreciate what you were trying to do for me. So, no hard feelings. Ready? Yeah. Yeah, just coming. I'll take your... No, no, that's fine. I'll get it. Sure? Yeah, it's fine. Thank you so much for doing this for me. This is great. I'll help you bring it up. No. No, no, don't be silly. I'll be fine. Come on. So, Steph seems nice. Oh, yeah. She's great. She's gorgeous. Well done. How long's that been going for? Not that long. Couple of weeks. But we've known each other for ages, so... Well, that's nice. Are you... seeing anyone? Oh, I mean, there's a couple of people, but I'm just keeping it cazh, you know. Just playing the field a bit, you know. Blimey. You'll be fit by the time you've lived here for a bit. Not that you're not fit now. No, I don't mean - I mean, fit like strong fit, not fit ...fit. Oh, oh, god. Oh. What? Oh, holy mothering Sunday. What's wrong? Ooh, my back. Old Judo injury. Ah. Just need to stay like this for a bit. Do you want me to rub it? Don't rub it. Oh, it hurts when I laugh! Ah! Were you seriously gonna try and do this on the Tube? I don't know. My parents were gonna come down. From Scotland? Yeah, they were gonna drive. My dad didn't really feel up to it. He doesn't really like travelling much nowadays. Lung cancer is the cunt, isn't it? Yeah. I'm sorry. No, it's fine. He's OK now. They got it all out, apparently. It's just... hard, isn't it? Oh, son of a bank robber. OK, I'm good. Yeah? I'm good. Are you sure? Yeah. I did not know that you did Judo. Yeah. Blue belt. It's pointless, though. No kicking or punching. It was just like 2.5 years of wearing pyjamas and learning how to trip people up. I spent four years trying to learn the treble recorder. I could have learnt Mandarin in that time. I don't think that I'm ever gonna fully forgive my parents for that one. Yeah. Oh, you gotta be kidding me... That's a nice touch. Of course. Of course. How're you feeling? It's fine. Just a little stiff, that's all. Be totally fine. Thank you so much for helping me. I literally do not know what I would have done without you. Don't be silly. It's totally fine. What's the point in having a Volvo Estate if... actually, I'll just leave that sentence there. Do you want to stay for a drink? I think I've got a bottle of limoncello that my aunt brought back from Italy that we could open. I'd better not. Driving. No. Well, I guess I'll see you at work, probably. Probably. See you. How did you know I was here? Melody. God, that girl's good. I know, right? Don't ever tell her that. No. Wanna go get trashed? I already called an Uber. Victor is on his way. Thanks, though. Oi! Abortion is murder. Really? Come on, let's just go. Come on. No, no. Do you know what? No. No, not OK. This has literally nothing to do with you. All life is sacred. Oh, grow up. If you really thought all life was sacred, you wouldn't be wearing leather shoes, if you can call those orthopaedic monstrosities shoes. There are refugees drowning in boats, families being carpet-bombed, tiny babies without enough water or basic vaccines. If you really care so much about life then do something about that instead of sitting around here on your arse playing Candy Crush and shouting at women you've never met before. It's the easy way out. You've clearly never had an abortion. Trust me, I've had two. And no, that doesn't make me a slut. It makes me a woman in the 21st century, who as a teenager was stealthed by a guy four years my senior, and who was stupid enough to have sex with another man who refused to wear a condom because it made his willy feel funny. So deal with it. Get a life, and mind your own fucking business. Abortion is murder. Merciful tit whistles. What? Nothing. My little brother's just got engaged. Gives my mother a whole new excuse to tell me what a dried-up old spinster I'm going to be, with moths coming out of my foof and only cats to love me, then eat me when I die. "She said yes." Doesn't it make you want to become a bomb maker? 'Like'. Thank you. Are you sure you're... I'm good. Thanks. Hey there. I'm new to these parts and I was hoping you might be able to give me some directions. What are you doing here? I was just in the neighbourhood. I thought you might want to grab a bite to eat. How did you find me? I'm a tech entrepreneur who made his first billion designing GPS systems for smart drones. Ain't my first rodeo. That is the creepiest thing I have ever heard. Absolutely not. I already made us a reservation. Well, that was awfully presumptuous of you, wasn't it? I guarantee you that's the best offer you're gonna get all day. Look, Poundland Tony Stark, if you think I'm getting on that with you, you've got another thing coming. What's Poundland? Is it good? Eugh. Come on, it's hella fancy. How fancy? Schmancy fancy. It's the sort of place that marinates endangered sea urchin in a bath of dill foam for 1,000 days fancy. I had to give the maitre d' a hand job just to get us a table. You gave the maitre d' a hand job? Pour moi? It's also the best sushi outside of Sukiyabashi Jiro. That's a sushi restaurant in Tokyo. Ah, just ruined it. Ah! Wait, please. I don't get to meet a lot of people I actually like. You're smart, you're attractive, you're an asset to my work. That's the most romantic thing anyone's ever said to me. I'm sorry. Only because you gave a man a hand job. I cannot believe you ride a motorbike. Could you be any more of a cliche? Why don't you just pay a sky writer to draw a picture of your dick? That's not a bad idea. I know a few good pilots. ...the racing driver has been applauded for speaking so openly about his fertility woes and paying tribute to sperm donor and family friend Kadell James. Here. You don't have to take care of me. It's just cramps. Robyn, you look like the ghost of a Victorian prostitute. Take the water bottle. Thank you. What's that? It's for Kelly's school. Are they learning drug trafficking? That's very funny. No. She has to dress like a pop star, but I'm not gonna send my five-year-old to school looking like Miley Cyrus, so I decided to get creative. Paprika, garam masala, turmeric. She's a Spice Girl. Get it? Are you actually trying to get her bullied? What? She's gonna look like Oscar the Grouch's homeless child bride. I thought it was cute. Oh, how'd the interview go? Did you end up wearing your prom dress? I got it. You are looking at the personal assistant to Ross at Smolten Luxury Wood Burners, so you are not the only working girl in this family. I knew you were gonna get it. But you might not want to use the term 'working girl'. Well, you will not be laughing when you're getting a 7.5% discount on a luxury wood-burner. No, I will not. So, what's Ross like? Is he cute? Robyn, that is exactly the kind of unprofessional question we are trying to eradicate in a post-MeToo world. You're right, you're right. So is he cute? I don't know. Kind of. He's not, like, "Oops I dropped my pen and while I'm down there" cute. He's sort of... I don't know, "I want him to come outside and watch me" "ride a bicycle" cute. Do you ever imagine what your life would have been like if you hadn't had Kelly? Constantly. Doing it right now. It's my mental screensaver. Do you think that anyone can be a mother, or that some people, like Mom, are just not built for it? No, Mom could have been, if she tried, but she chose not to. She literally threw herself off of a bridge in order to avoid it. Do you have regrets, about choosing it? Honestly, no. Even when Kelly is lying on the pavement and she's screaming until she can't breathe, and Teddy is sick, and he hasn't slept, and my hands smell like puke and my hair smells like puke, I don't even have the energy to bathe him properly, so I just stick him under the faucet like I'm washing a potato. I know what it feels like not to have a family, and it sucks. Think I needed them to tie myself to, or I would have just floated away. God, I never realised how selfish that is. Are you OK? Mm-hm. Do you know what? I like that I get to be a good mother and do the right thing, so that they can just go wild and not give a damn because they know that I have their back. I wish you were my mom. Oh, don't be silly. I am your mom. So, what about Mark? I don't know. I don't know what I feel. I... I'm not angry. I'm not even shocked, honestly. I just feel kind of normal and numb, just like I'm used to people leaving. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm not talking about you. You drink all of my good coffee and you ruined my marriage, but you never left. I'll just replace it with bacon and she can go as Lady Gaga. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 