CSI: NY: Season 6, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 CSI: NY 
 s6e9 - Manhattanhenge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 CSI: NY (2004–2013): Season 6, Episode 9 - Manhattanhenge - full transcript 
 Mac and the team lose the Compass Killer at the World's Fair site, and they soon discover through the use of astronomy and sunrises that it's only a matter of time before he targets the next victim. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Prevlously on CSl: New York... Do you know who this is? It might be Hollis Eckhart. He was a patient here. We belleve the schlzophrenla was brought on by post-traumatlc stress dlsorder. - Do you recognise this guy? - Looks like Dario Gonzales. Compass Killer's first vic. And that looks like Carole Hillcroft. - Our third portrait... - Richard Caldrone. Who's this? "To my beautlful Calllope. The sun's rays are always jealous of you. " - Calllope Eckhart. - Hls wlfe. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, hopefully, she can tell us where he Is. No, It's not gonna be posslble. According to this, she was murdered two years ago. Danny, we just Identlfled the Compass Klller. Hollis Eckhart! That's him! We got thls entlre place covered. There's no way he disappeared into thin air. I want every inch of this place searched. We will find this guy. The trace we found on the bottom of Hollis Eckhart's shoe is a definite match to the old New York map in the Tent of Tomorrow. So we know the Compass Killer is here somewhere. The question is where? We've locked down the park since last night. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nobody gets in or out of here without going by us first. We got K9, foot patrol, you name it. Still no sign of him. Detectlve Taylor, we are ready for Infrared capablllty. Thank you. Time to go hi tech, huh? Hollis Eckhart has over 1,200 acres in this park to hide in. Maybe the infrared camera in that chopper can flush him out of Flushing Meadows. We have a hlgh heat slgnature In the northwest quadrant. Heat source Is wlthln 10 yards. - You seeing anything? - No. It says someone's here. You think Hollis Eckhart's down there? We're about to find out. * Out here In the flelds * I flght for my meals I'll check with Water and Sewer. Find out where this tunnel leads. Mac, are you hearing music? Yes. * And she's always gone too long * Anytlme she goes away * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * It's not warm when she's away * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * And she's always gone too long * Anytlme she goes away * Wonder thls tlme where she's gone * Wonder If she's gonna stay * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * And thls house just aln't no home * Anytlme she goes away * And I know, I know, I know I know, I know, I know * I know, I know, I know * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * It's not warm when she's away * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * And she's always gone too long * Anytlme she goes away * Wonder thls tlme where she's gone * Wonder If she's gonna stay * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * And thls house just aln't no home * Anytlme she goes away * And I know, I know, I know, I know I know, I know, I know * I know, I know, I know, I know * Wonder thls tlme where she's gone * Wonder If she's gonna stay * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * And thls house just aln't no home * Anytlme she goes away * And I know, I know, I know, I know I know, I know, I know, I know * I know, I know, I know, I know * I know, I know, I know, I know * I know, I know, I know, I know * Hey, I ought to leave the young thlng alone * But aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone * Only darkness every day * Aln't no sunshlne when she's gone... It's an old generator. So where are we and where the hell is he? Hollis Eckhart knows we're closing in. Which means he's out there somewhere, hunting his next victim. Shouldn't be here. We lost Eckhart after midnight. He clearly hid down here. Might have left within minutes of our arriving. I want every storm and sewer line within the vicinity searched. Eckhart could still be in one of these tunnels. - Armed and dangerous. - We got it. - Hey, you watch yourself. - I'm good. I got my sea legs. Go. We're standing in the Underground Home. It was a pavilion in the '64 New York World's Fair. 20ft below the ground in a concrete Cold War bunker. When the fair closed, they trucked in top soil and left it here. For Hollis Eckhart to call home. - I wonder how he knew about it. - He was a surveyor. He probably studied every inch of this city, above and below ground. The question is where is he now? His first three vics were north, south and east so he's definitely headed west. We need to collect everything we can from this place. Something could lead us to his next victim. How are surveillance feeds coming along down there? We'll be live in one minute, Adam. We're tapping the NYPD surveillance system. Over 3,000 cameras around the city at our disposal and a live audio link to every detective. Good. Priority is the West Side. Closely monitor crowds for automated facial recognition. If anyone even remotely looks like Eckhart, call me. Need more eyes on the screens, let me know. Got it. Danny, our audio and video feeds are now live. Gotcha, Adam. I got your back. Let me know If you spot hlm. NYPD. Show me your hands! Adam! In pursuit of suspect! Roosevelt and a 126th! You getting this, Adam? Roosevelt Avenue. Queens Communication. Channel 12. Take hlm down If you must, Danny. Don't let hlm get away. I don't have a clean shot! He's on the street! There we go, 126th. - Flack, you see him? - Negative! Mac, we lost hlm! Not for long. Bring up that side street. There. West on Willets Point. Danny, he's half a block up Willets Point. Go that way. He's 100 feet ahead. Right at the corner. - Have a vlsual? - Take a right. I got hlm! I got hlm! Don't let hlm out of your slght. - I'm on his heels, Mac. - Come on, come on. - He rounded the fence. - I got him! - Don't lose him, Danny! - Not a chance! We got him, Danny. He just ducked into an alley between 37 th and 38th. Put your hands on your head now! Slow! Nice and slow! - Come out now! - Don't move! Mac, it's not him. I repeat, this is not Hollis Eckhart. - I went down there to stay warm. - Why did you run? I was scared, man. You don't get it. Some punk already got the jump on me today. - You get a good look at him? - Yeah. Only wish I hadn't. He put the hurt on me good and... You're not supposed to be here! His face was all... It looked like a horror movie. That's all I can tell you. Did he say anything to you? Yeah, once he chllled out a blt. Now that you are here, you are gonna stay. Oh, no! OK! Seemed sorry for what he dld. He gave me hls jacket. Said I could keep it if I stayed there a couple of hours. - This jacket? - Yeah. All right, hand it over. - You gonna take it from me? - I'm afraid so. Take it off. Did you see where he went? I don't know. Here. Hey, thanks, man. - That was nice of you. - Thanks. I'm back. Mac, so it looks like Eckhart was just trying to buy himself some time. Do you wanna glve us new dlrectlons? Let me get back to you. Let's focus on all surveillance points between a 2, 5 and 10-mile radius of the manhole they exited. Facial recognition and body-shape similarities. Done. Hawkes? This is a picture of Hollis Eckhart. Age three. We recovered it in the Underground Home. I ran through some simulated ageing software. Definitely a match. Yeah, but the background on the original photo was faded. So with some contrast and correction tools... - Voila. - New York World's Fairgrounds. - Yeah. - These are sun charts. Yes, they plot the sun's movements through the sky on any given day. And check this out. And this is? This is a solar illumination gauge. This side measures the sun's path. See those lines? They're for a given latitude. So wherever the window's reflection appears in the lens, it tells you exactly what times of the year a given point will receive direct sunlight. - Uh-huh. - Look at the dots. Each dot represents a 0.1% sky factor. That's the ratio of sunlight inside to the brightness of the sun when it's shining outside. So if you count the number of dots in the window's reflection, you can add up the sky factor for any position. Yeah. But why? Land surveyors often use the sun's positioning for their calculations. That's true. But it feels to me like Eckhart's using all this stuff to calculate something much darker. Mac, hey. The paper fragments in the bedroom of the underground Home, they're a match to the previous notes we found on Hollis Eckhart's victims. - Another fake suicide message. - Hard to tell when it's like this. I'm on my way to the QD lab. See if I can clean it up. Good cos whatever's underneath these scratches might tell us who he's after. Yeah. Eckhart's writings, collected from the Underground Home. They read like an accusation of guilt directed at each one of the victims. Take a look. "All the stupid bastard had to do "was run a permit check the way he was supposed to "before he sold the damn gun to that butcher. "But, instead, he chose to take the money and run. " Sounds like he's talking about Dario Gonzales. "She was a court-appointed shrink. "How could she not see "he was still a threat to his ex-wife and everyone else? "How hard would it have been to send her a simple warning in the mail?" That's gotta be Carole Hillcroft. "Is that what they paid him for? "To take a cosy little nap while Death walked by his desk "and took my angel away?" Richard Caldrone, the third victim. But it still doesn't make sense. Dario Gonzalez was a maintenance man, not a gun salesman. Right, I know. And Carole Hillcroft isn't a shrink. Richard Caldrone may have been a nightclub bouncer but never a security guard. None of Eckhart's victims are connected to the jobs he accused them of doing or connected to each other. From everything we've gathered, they're not remotely related to the original act of violence that left Eckhart's wife dead. This might sound crazy but, then again, so is he. Eckhart's medical records cite him as a delusional schizophrenic. He frequently accused doctors, staff, other patients of doing things that they didn't. Blaming strangers to explain how something happened. Right. I believe Hollis Eckhart is incapable of separating tragedy from reality. The gunman at the massacre was able to purchase a weapon at a pawn shop without a permit after a judge ordered him to get psychiatric counselling. Security at the surveyor's office claimed not to see the gunman enter the building until it was too late. In Hollis Eckhart's fractured mind, he draws pictures of people he holds responsible for killing Calliope. And then he punishes them one by one. They're not the real people that might have had a hand in her death. No, they're figments of his imagination that he draws on paper. And the first innocent victim that looks like one of his sketches becomes Eckhart's target. Which means anyone in this city could be next. And, right now, we have no way of knowing who that is. Can I help you find something? I'll just ring you up at the register. Hey, buddy. Plan on paying for that? Mr Birnbaum? How are you doing? NYPD. Somebody roughed you up a little bit. You are about 20 minutes too late. Dispatch said a man came in your store and stole some rope? One way of puttin' it. I got a full register. Safe just waiting for a deposit. This arseface decides to pistol-whip me over three bucks' worth of rope. Can you give us a description? This is a fruitcake you don't forget. Scarred-up face. Switched-off look behind the eyes. This guy was messed up. - Got any idea which way he went? - I was trying hard to play dead. After he stole my jacket, I saw him go that way. West on 48th on foot, about a half an hour ahead of us. Hey, do me a favour. If you catch the guy, keep the rope. - String him up with it, would ya? - Yeah, we will. Come on! What's the problem? Not all our cameras are outfitted with night vision. Since the sun went down I'm losing a lot of views. Well, tap into private. Or homeland security feeds, if you have to. - Just keep looking. - I just keep looking. I'll keep looking. I got this. I got this. Let's get these to Layout as quickly as possible. More evidence from the Underground Home? Yeah, Eckhart must have been down there for a while. Probably since he escaped from Crestridge Psychiatric Hospital. It's period stuff. Explains trace evidence we found at crime scenes relating to the 1960s. - A killer obsessed with the past. - Or trapped there. Eckhart suffers from acute PTSD. His medical records say he has bullet fragments lodged in the temporal lobe of his brain. Nothing is real to him. Let's hope there is something in those boxes to uncover the method to his madness. - Got anything on that suicide note? - Yeah, it's not a suicide note. It's another sketch. Like the ones we found at the asylum of Eckhart's first three victims. This could be the fourth. The video spectral comparator gives some improvement to the image, but I don't think we're gonna get the detail we need to make an ID. Try 3D forensic handwriting analysis. Based on the indentations, maybe it'll identify which pencil layers were applied last. - Then you can remove them. - Will do. But, Mac, you can practically feel Eckhart's rage in the way he scratched this drawing out. If you ask me, he hated this victim more than everybody else. I finished my third cup of coffee. Figured you could probably use one. I thought we weren't supposed to drink in the lab. We aren't. But at some point the human body either requires sleep or caffeine. - God bless you. - How's it going here? Great, if you like playing "Guess Who?" one pixel at a time. Hollis Eckhart doesn't make it easy. No, he doesn't. Then again, he didn't have it very easy. Imagine losing somebody you love like that. Hls wlfe came to see hlm and somebody's boyfrlend showed up and started shootlng. Under the desk! Here! All that bloodshed. All that fear. The attack at the surveyor's offlce llterally shattered hls mlnd. No, no, no! Worse than that, it broke his heart. That's a rage you can't control. No. But it's one we've gotta stop. - So what are we looking at? - Manhattanhenge. Manhattan what? It's a biannual phenomenon in which the rising or setting sun aligns perfectly with the east-west grid of Manhattan streets. A Stonehenge meets concrete and hot-dog carts kinda thing. - Huh. - Here's how I got there. I took all of Hollls Eckhart's charts and ran them through the NOAA's solar posltlon calculator. And he was deflnltely plottlng the movement of the sun for an exact date and tlme. His charts show the precise path of the sun across New York City for December 5th at sunrise. What about this photograph? That's Hollis and Calliope Eckhart on the same day two years ago. All the signage and advertising in Times Square confirms it. Hmm. According to medical records, Hollis Eckhart was born on December 5th. His wife was murdered two years ago on his birthday. This photograph might have been taken on the day she died. Plus, it's facing east, which makes that a Manhattanhenge dawn right behind 'em. His birthday, the anniversary of his wife's death and Manhattanhenge all on the same day. - That day begins again at sunrise. - What time is it? It's almost 4am. We've only got two hours. So where are you now, Mac? Heading west. Based on Eckhart's previous murders, Flack's got all units descending on every iconic West Side location we can think of. Hawkes get anythlng from the tlckets? He's trylng to restore the thermal Ink prlnt. There's no guarantee It'll polnt you In the rlght dlrectlon. No tlme for guarantees. We gotta go wlth our guts. This is like looking for some kind of crazy, twisted needle in a haystack. Yeah, I know but Lindsay's still working that sketch. Wlthout a speclflc person or place to search... All we can do Is hlt the same streets as Hollls Eckhart. - I'm seeing what we've got. - Keep me on the llne. They say It's always darkest before dawn. Let's hope they're rlght. I know where he's going. - Hey, Stell... - Hold on, Mac. These are two unused tickets for a concert by the Philharmonic two hours after Calliope Eckhart died. Mac, get to Lincoln Center now. It's Hollis Eckhart. He's the fourth victim. Flack, what's your 20? I'm heading near 8th. Danny's over on Hudson Parkway. Oh, no! No, no, no! Move, move, move! We have a visual. Hollis Eckhart, Mac Taylor, NYPD! No! Put the gun down now! Drop it right now! Put your hands in the air. Hollis? What's happening? This isn't how it was supposed to be. I know, baby. None of it was. Please don't make it worse. I shouldn't have asked you to come. If you hadn't, you'd still be here. But I am still here! I am! You know that! No, you're gone! You're gone! That bastard killed you! Just like the man who sold him the gun! Like the shrink who should have warned his wife and the guard who should have stopped him from coming in! But I'm just as much to blame as them. Don't you see that? No, baby! Please don't do this! - I have to. - No! - There's nothing left for me here. - You're wrong! Listen to your wife, Hollis. We can help you. Yes! You can trust him! I lost my wife, too. But she never really left me. And I promise you... Calliope won't leave you either. Now just put the gun down. He's right, baby. If you love me, then please do what he says. Oh, God. - What have I done? - It's OK. What have I done? Authorltles allege Hollls Eckhart Is responslble for the murders of three New Yorkers and Intended to take hls own llfe before belng apprehended thls mornlng. Eckhart Is undergolng psychlatrlc evaluatlon pendlng hls arralgnment. In other news, the New York phenomenon known as Manhattanhenge... So what's his final note mean? "I shouldn't have asked her to come. I'm sorry. " Eckhart was supposed to meet his wife at Lincoln Center after work. But when he was running late, he told her to go to the surveyor's office. Figured if they were gonna miss the show, they might as well be together. He blamed himself as much as everyone else. Maybe more. Each man is the architect of his own fate. And sometimes the fate of others. We've got spaghetti and meatballs, chicken parmesan, saut?ed vegetables, garlic bread. - Pass the garlic bread. - There you go. - Thank you. - Pass it down. - And a bag of ice. - Ah, grazle, grazle! Enjoy! Thank you. - That feels good. - All right. - Got it? You OK? - Yeah. Here's to a great team. And to getting Hollis Eckhart off the streets. And to reminding us that life is fleeting and we should hold on to the people we love. Cheers. We did good. We did. Every one of us is gonna sleep well tonight. Yeah! Tomorrow, I'll be sleeping in my own flat. - Nice. Score a new pad? - Tell me it's not underground! No, it's a rent-controlled studio off Bleecker. - Nice! - Good for you. This mean I get my couch back? Well, actually, it's unfurnished. Side of meatballs? - Right here. - Here we go. Yes! * Sundown, you better take care * If I flnd you've been creeplng round my back stalrs * Sometlmes I thlnk It's a sln * When I feel llke I'm wlnnlng when I'm loslng agaln * When I'm loslng agaln I'm loslng * 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 