Pine Gap: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pine Gap 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pine Gap (2018): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 As tensions in the South China Sea remain at breaking point, Gus and Jasmina's relationship stumbles and the US prepares to launch an air strike on a Chinese-claimed island. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I love you. It's in our mutual interest to stand together. I think Australians need to be for Australians, Americans need to be for Americans. The sacrament of the alliance. Prosperity without freedom is just another form of poverty. Trust, but verify. They've been negotiating a treaty of neutrality with China. Does anyone else know of this? Kath and Jacob. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And Jasmina. Do you believe her? Australia hasn't actually signed this treaty? It's highly probable her intelligence is solid. Right, well, thank you for bringing this matter to my attention. Is there something else? Yes. I think it's time Fort Meade knew the truth. About me. Another early start? I have to work late again too. OK. You seem happier. You look beautiful. So, you won't make it to the game tonight? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Andre really wants to go. Sorry... ...but, you have fun, though. Listen, I'm hoping to get an answer out of Washington in the next few weeks. An answer? About Canberra. The ambassadorship. Great. Great. Yeah. You have a good day. Tensions between the United States and China over the South China Sea continue to deepen with the American aircraft carrier the USS Bartlett spending a fifth day just outside... Brucey! ..the contested Nine-Dash Line. Chairman Chen issued a statement overnight saying any incursion by the US Navy into its territorial waters would be an act of unambiguous aggression. We seek only to defend our sovereign territory. We do not have our navy only 100 kilometres from Los Angeles. President Kerr, however, has refused to soften his confrontational stance. We've got options. I'm not ruling anything in or out. Not when China's ignoring international law. From Canberra, Australia's Prime Minister, Philip Burke, called on both Washington and Beijing to find a diplomatic solution to the developing crisis. I don't want to see America, China, any of us, drawn into a conflict that can only result in the loss of innocent live. But I think the real... Are you OK? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll be with you in a second? So, um... do you have anything on this weekend? Want to... meet up again... maybe? Yeah, that sounds awesome. Um, hey, let me just check my roster and I'll get right back to you, OK? Hey, um... I really have to get ready for work. Hey. You've been to the States, haven't you? Yeah, a term at Stanford on exchange, when I was at uni. Ever wanted to go to Maryland? What's in Maryland? I've applied for a job at Fort Meade. What? NSA program director of communications and public affairs. I asked Ethan if... ...he would let them know that I've been cleared over BM-24. It's a senior position. And an open one, so if I get it, no more having to let my dad think I'm a file clerk for America. Plus Maryland's right next door to West Virginia, so I can be there more for him. OK. So... What do you say to moving stateside? Gus, this is really sudden. I know, I know. We haven't known each other long... No. Like, really very long. It's crazy, but I think it could be good. OK, well, are there even jobs for Australians at Fort Meade? Yeah, there's sure to be. We could have a good time there, Jas. A good life. I'll think about it. Two large flat whites, please. So, now Aesha's going overseas? Yeah, and where's this excursion to? And a piccolo. If we let Maia go to Kanazawa, we have to let Aesha go to France. Yeah, I'll pay the deposit today. Alright. I love you too, bub. Thanks. Bye. Hey, hey, hey. I got these, Gussie! Whoo. Thanks, Simon. You're welcome. So, given our tasking was ramped up overnight and ops are now scouring the South China Sea for targets on Beijing's man-made islands, I'm guessing POTUS has decided to take a military option. Or would I be jumping to conclusions? POTUS is acting to defend America's allies against the threat of China's growing influence. Any more acting, you'll start a bloody war! There has been no military action authorised. So, we're looking for a military target just for fun? Tell me, does Beijing know that? I understand your government's concerns. The President will reflect on the intelligence, take advice and, when appropriate, let our allies know what he's thinking. Letting us know how he feels about us - I'll give him that. But he's really not a big one for reflection and advice, now, is he? Speaking of reflection, have you decided how you'll quash Gus Thompson's Fort Meade ambitions? Obviously, I am cautious about recommending him while he's still on our malware list, but I'd hate to stymie his career unnecessarily. Until we solve this, we don't want them going anywhere. I wish to fuck he'd never heard about that Fort Meade job. Well, we have Jacob to thank for that. He brought the vacancy to Gus's attention. Moses is the most urgent. Sex with a minor, possible blackmail. We have got to act on that first. We can't without accessing his bank account. His Australian bank account, which we can't do without ASIO's help. But any official request would get back to your three Aussies in no time. Of course. So, we make an unofficial request via someone we trust... ...someone who is skilful in pulling discreetly at strings. Jacob? I mean, if anyone knows how to operate on the sly, it's him. He's had a very varied career and he has contacts in ASIO. And I assume your government's pick for MD can be relied upon for discretion? He can. Unless you have any personal objections. I don't. Good. - What the fuck were you doing? - Trying to protect us. I expressly told you not to disrupt A-crew. I ordered you... You told me not to get rid of the Aussies. All I did was tip off an American colleague about a job opportunity. For fuck's sake. You should have confided in me from the beginning. Someone in there planted a virus in Pine Gap's servers? Yes, and now one of our chief suspects is halfway to fucking Maryland because you're a sneaky shit who thinks the rules don't apply to him. Sorry, if you want me to do you a favour, you might want to stop abusing me. I knew you were hiding something, Kath. I can read you like a book, always could. Really? Yeah. I hope you read my lawyer's letter completely rejecting your ludicrous claim on the house. Reject away, because we made 1.6 mill and I want 70%. I paid for more than half that mortgage. You know the judge is gonna find in my favour. You know that. Where the fuck do you get off? I don't want the car. I don't want the flat. I want to be fair. And I want the cat too. No way. Bruce is mine. You gave him to me. Yes, and you rejected him, just like you rejected me. Kath... What? How'd you figure it out? What, the malware? No. Me and... You and the big-titted intern? I'm really good at covering my tracks - leave no trace, you know, but I've been racking my brains for where I fucked up. Well, you fucked up by fucking her. Hey, Jacob? Yeah? There's a new structure on the southern end of Subi Reef that could be a possible air strike target. ELINT, talk to her please. What's the geo? 10.91 north, 114.07 east. What is it? Probable goods depot. Number of visible assets make anything larger unlikely. Hey, El, um... how many do you count? How many what? People. I mean, I mean, assets. 30? 30? Well, so, is that proportionate? Depends on what the structure is - what they're doing there. The more valuable the infrastructure, the less human asset loss needed to make our point. And, so, what happens if we get it wrong? Pardon? What happens if the structure that we've targeted is not valuable enough or there's not... ...or there's more peo... there's more assets than we realise? Deb? Are you OK? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I'm just building up a picture. OK. They've been negotiating a treaty of neutrality with China. Does anyone else know about this? Hard to imagine the South China Sea from here. It all seems far, far away. Well, that's unusually poetic. You're bound up with them, aren't you? You and China. Well, they are our biggest trading partner. So, if POTUS authorised military action in the South China Sea, China retaliates, and if war breaks out and you're drawn in... Whoa. There's a lot of ifs there, mate. But if Australia did join America in military action against China... Well, you do know China supplies 95% of our aviation fuel, so within a week, we wouldn't have a plane left in the sky. They'd stop buying our iron ore. They'd stop buying our beef, our wheat, our rice. The farming sector would collapse. There'd be mass unemployment and social upheaval. China doesn't need to invade us to bring us to our knees. So, we'd have to decide whether or not the cost of all that outweighs the enormous benefit we get from our alliance with you guys. Tough choice. Fuckin' oath. But then... we all have to make tough choices, don't we? I mean, I had to decide whether to accept your story about a dispossessed and impoverished Rohingya getting hold of a highly sophisticated surface-to-air missile and bringing down a passenger jet in an act of personal vengeance. That's the intelligence I received from ASIS. And the Hong Kong reporter with the explosive news had nothing to do with it? Kath... ...I don't know precisely what's going on here, but I do know that right now, you and I have to be on the same side. Listen, perfect honesty, Ethan, is a myth. There's always secrets between colleagues, couples, nations. And not every secret stands in need of justification. But every lie does. So, what - you didn't like our little Rohingya story? I always questioned it. And the other day, I had my suspicions confirmed. Confirmed? Enough to know that I really ought to refer my suspicions upwards. Before you do that... ...let me just tell you a little story. There's these three countries. Two are big and powerful, and one is just a little guy. Now, for 100 years, the little guy's been best buds with one of the big guys, but lately, he's gotten closer to the other big guy because it turns out they live nearby and they shop at the same stores. Now, the little guy just wants the two big mates to be mates too, but it seems neither of them want to share the playground. And then... ...the little guy's about to do a really, really big deal, and part of that deal involves him promising that should the two big guys ever get into a fight... ...he won't side with his old best friend. Jesus... So, Australia is seriously considering walking away from its alliance with America? Never said that. What are you gonna do? You tell Washington, and it won't be Australia walking away. That firecracker president of yours will drop us like yesterday's underpants. And if we do walk away, it won't be long before Japan has second thoughts about us. Because if we can walk away from Australia, we can walk away from anybody. South Korea, Philippines... And they'll all feel the need to get nuked up. You know... ...sometimes, we players on the field... ...can see what's coming way better than our coaches. Only because our coaches are fuckwits. Ops not keeping you busy? I was just... wondering if there's been any further development about Moses and... and the... the phone case. I looked into that. It was all completely innocent. But I thought... He wasn't, up to anything. Whatever you thought you saw, you didn't. Hadn't you better be getting back? According to my mate from ASIO, Moses's bank account has a balance of 255,206 bucks. Now, his rent and utilities are all paid for by the NSA. The only money he does spend, apart from groceries and petrol, are on subscriptions to a bunch of software engineering magazines, about 50 online gaming services, and a shitload of computer games and vinyl records. No unusual transactions that look like blackmail? Nope. He is your bog-standard single guy nerd. "Bog-standard single guy nerd." You really do have a flair for HUMINT assessment. Another bloody dead end. So, by the end of the week, A-crew are rostered back on to nights. We are going to have to remove the malware as planned. You know what? I think maybe we could rethink this. I mean, if we take it out, we'll never know who put it in. No. Kath's right. If we take it out, we'll never find... Let's get rid of all of them. Who? Moses. Gus. Jasmina. Eloise. Simon. Deb. Just tell them they're all being transferred off the base in the next 48 hours, and whoever it is will activate the virus and you will have flushed out your mole. For fuck's sake, Jacob. Transferring our six persons of interest is only gonna give the game away. Well, transfer all of A-crew. We are monitoring the build-up of what could be a serious global war. Well, let's just sit around and do nothing for the next few weeks. We have not been sitting around, doing nothing! Because that approach has achieved some quality results thus far! OK! That's enough. We can only risk a leak for so long. We leave the malware in until they finish day shifts, then we call it quits. Yep. And then whoever's behind it chalks it up as a win. Starts plan B. Hey, the main man, Gussie! You gonna help us kick butt tonight, mate? Right, Simon. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Mosey! Where are you going? What is happening? This is for you, my friend. You... bought us muffins? Yeah. Big game tonight. And this entitles you to spectate. I have plans. You can't spend your whole life slaying digital orcs, buddy. OK. Thank you. Jassie? Choc-chip muffin in exchange for some B-ball tonight? No, thank you. No? Aw, you're gonna leave me hanging. There you go. And you... Here. And he struts around like some kind of world statesman, and nobody gives a fuck what he says. And then he tries to lecture ME on peace in Asia! Who the fuck do Australians think they are?! There's... Jakey. Muffin for you. Kath. Look, I know it can't have been easy for you today. Well, as my mum said, a problem shared is a problem halved. Let's hope she got her sums right. I've been thinking... ...if we got to the States by summer, we could take a couple of weeks, go climbing in Vermont. Yeah, we could. Yeah. Your request - I've been in touch with my counterpart at Fort Meade. I told him, in my opinion, you're an excellent candidate for the project manager position. Trouble! Trouble! Trouble! Trouble. No, no. OK, so, that multiplication trick, I... What was in the envelope? What? Motion sensor on my security camera caught some dodgy guy leaving an envelope out the back. I... I don't know... You picked it up! I knew it was a mistake to let you stay with me. Hey, wait, wait! What was in it? What was it? Some speed? Heroin? Ice? Did you bring ice into my house? They were just eckies, OK? They're just pills. That guy. Who was that guy? He's your... he's... he's your boyfriend? No, no, no! Boyfriend? He's my uncle! Jesus Christ! Aagh! Are you a fuckin' drug dealer? Aagh! No, I'm not... I'm not a dealer. Aagh! No. OK, I just... I... I-I... I meet backpackers that come through town, and I let them know that if they want... anything... And then I text Uncle Brad and he brings the stuff in. OK? And then I sell it to them. Look, I don't want to do it! My God. My God. Do you... do you have any idea what will happen if my work finds out that I've had a drug dealer staying with me? It's the cops. They're onto Uncle Brad. That's why I have to do it. You need to leave now. And I really need the money. Now, before anyone sees. They're gonna take me to court! Who?! What are you talking about?! Welfare! Welfare? Look, they overpaid me for, like, a year and a half, and I didn't even know, until I get this text saying I owe them nearly 12 grand. And now they cut me off and I can't get a job anywhere. How... how am I meant to make 12 grand? What, busking? Ask your uncle for it. Yeah, I did. He busted my face and told me to be a fucking prostitute. Look... ...I won't go anywhere near him, OK? That's why I told him to leave the gear and my money here. I'm sorry. Yeah, well... ...me too. You keep it. Please. You play on Immy's basketball team. What can I do for you, Deb? So, um... ...I've been having a little bit of trouble sleeping. Um, I wondered if you had something that you could give me. OK if I take your blood pressure? Yeah. Is this a recent thing? It's been about a few weeks. Hard to fall asleep, stay asleep? Get back to sleep? What do you do, Deb? Um, I... ...I work for the Australian Government. At the base? 160 over 95. Your BP is pretty elevated. Your pulse is pretty fast too. Any other symptoms, Deb? Weight loss? Appetite loss? Changes at work? Um... I just... ...was hoping that you'd be able to give me something to sleep. I could. I could write you a prescription. But insomnia... ...it's tricky to pinpoint. It's often a combination of things. And it's almost... always... stress-related. If there's something on your mind, you might want to talk to someone. You can talk to me if you want, Deb. You know, I won't say anything. I can't. I made a promise. I signed a bit of paper. And so did I. Hey. Hey. So, when Banjo drives, come down to the help line, yeah? So, do you even want to be here? I mean, I want you here, but if basketball's not your thing... Yes, I said I want to see you all play. Hey. Hey. And double-team, yeah? Yeah, and plant your feet. 'Cause he'll smash into us and travel. He always does. Cool. G'day. Hi. Immy. Hi. Jasmina. Nice to meet you. You too. Fresh as a daisy, as always. So, you guys must have had a meltdown this week. Why so? Well, the Chinese released a tape of Kerr slagging the Prime Minister. Bet that made for interesting chitchat at the Pine Gap water-cooler. Big news around the world, Immy. I know, but don't you want to get back at them. Any of you spies got some secret footage of Chairman Chen on the toilet you want to leak? We're just gardeners, Immy. You know that. Right, and Pine Gap's not part of the neo-fascist war machine. It's just a bunch of giant mushrooms in the desert. Next blog, that's the headline. Deb, want to run a few drills? Yeah, sure. Whoa. She's always like that. She's also the best outside shooter in the division. Does she really write a blog? Some liberal thing. Watch me. Hey, Zhou. How are ya? Hey. Good game, guys. Let's do it. Owen... Hey, Belle. Hey, Rudi. Hey. Hey. Hi. There it is! Gussie! Hey, you two order. I'll just be a sec. You drinking alone? How do you know I'm not waiting for someone? I'll leave you to it. Hey, um... ...is everything alright? Hunky-fuckin'-dory. World peace is about to break out any minute. You seem a little preoccupied. Jacob? No, that'd be you, Jacob. Alright. Have fun, you two. Their point guard's faster than Patty Mills, mate. Eeeh! Mr Moses? What? I think I'm gonna have to ask for my muffin back, mate. It's right here. This is stupid. I gotta go. Off the backboard. Lay up... lay up! Block him! Hey. Hey. You know that audio of Kerr? Push him into the corner, Gussie! Into the... That's it. To the left. That's it, my brother. The audio of Kerr. What about it? You know how the Chinese secret service in Beijing leaked it to a Japanese website called Sekai. The site's run by a guy called Hibiki Mori. Yeah, so? Mori lives in Kanazawa. I've been curious about how the Chinese secret service connected with Mori - why they chose his website, so I accessed his phone records. Mori rang the Chinese secret service, not the other way round. Then I wondered how he knew which MSS number to call, so I just went a little further back through his phone. Before Mori rang MSS, he received a call from Australia from a phone registered to someone who works at Pine Gap, who has access to all of MSS's comms and phone numbers... ...whose daughter recently visited Kanazawa on a school excursion and was billeted at Mori's home. Whose money worries seem to have lifted like he's had an unexpected windfall. If I can join the dots, others can too. Sub in, Simon. Sub in, Simon. Come on, hustle, my man. Come on! Not enjoying it? No, I just thought it would be more like netball. Netball? Such an Aussie. Thanks. Good game. A loss is always a shit game. Yeah. See ya. Laters. Wow! Someone's felt the burn. A shower? For you, definitely. But I just might stay at my own place tonight. You have a bathroom too, don't you? Yeah, I just don't have any clean clothes and I have to do my washing and... everything. I'll drop you off. Bye. You just did all that exercise. I should do some too. I'll see you on the bus. You know, it's my dad's birthday soon. Be a great present, wouldn't it? Us being there? I'm happy you came... Me too. I have something for you. It was designed by the same artist that did your painting. I thought you'd like it. I do. You knew I'd like it. Come on, Mum, let's go. Yeah. OK! Don't wake your brother. Your husband will be wondering where you are. He's too busy at work. Then he's crazy. Can I see you again? Yes. Hi. I'm sorry to come around so late. You can't be that sorry. Kath, I just... I'd really appreciate your thoughts on something. Alright. How easy is it to get a transfer to... Fort Meade? For an Australian? Hard. It's NSA. It's not a joint base. But there are Australian jobs? Very few. We only have a couple of billets. But, listen, you only just got here. Gus has applied for a job there. You're gonna follow him? He wants me to. Right. And... if you can't get work? Will you still go? I don't know. Maybe. I... I'm in love with him. Well... You came here for some advice, so I will give you some. Gus Thompson would never put you ahead of his job. What do you mean? I mean, after 25 years, I have worked with hundreds of Americans and I know the kind of American - especially the kind of American male - who works in this community. They may not be fanatical but they are deeply loyal to their country and that loyalty will always come first. You don't know Gus. Not in the Biblical sense, no. You don't know him and you don't know what we have. I know what we have in you. You could be running Pine Gap one day, if you wanted to. Well... Maybe you have genuinely fallen in love with the boy from West Virginia. Well, bully for you. Just remember, you were encouraged by me to get close to Gus because we, Australia, wanted to know what the Americans were up to. So, before you go chucking in your job and turning your back on your country, you need to ask yourself, "Is it possible that Gus was given the exact same encouragement?" You work in intelligence. Just show some. You alright? Yeah. Well, I am fucking gobsmacked! Jasmina, she traced what I'd done. $50,000 for giving a blogger an MSS phone number? I know. It was stupid and reprehensible. And I take full responsibility. Is this the only time you've breached your secrecy agreement? Yes. Of course, Kath. I never would have done it but that school, they were constantly on my back about unpaid fees. So, what, you betrayed your country for a handful of silver? No! I... Yes. Yes. But that audio... that wasn't a national secret. Everyone knows Kerr and the PM hate each other. Have you had offers to sell other pieces of classified information? No. Have you been in touch with the agents of foreign governments? No! Have you been in contact with any non state actors? Foreign terrorist organisations? Look... ...the school were going to kick out my daughters! Not even let them finish the term! I couldn't let that happen. I know it was stupid and I wish I could take it back but that audio... that wasn't part of an intelligence operation. And no-one got hurt. Please... ...use your discretion. I will. I won't have you charged under Section 7 of the Crimes Act. But I will have your resignation and you will leave the base immediately. S... so what do I tell my wife? Anything... but the truth. So, overnight, D-crew beat us to the punch and identified a nicely proportionate Chinese military target. It is a helipad on Hughes Reef. Now, there's also a naval admin building on there as well but COMINT indicate that today is a designated rest day, so staff are unlikely to be moving about too much. All in all, it fits Kerr's bill like a glove. Now, precise scheduling of any strike is, as yet, unavailable. Where is Simon? I-I... I'm not sure. Tremendous. But if and when... ...the Pentagon do authorise it, we are tasked with providing after-action images for bomb damage assessment. Eloise, are you clear on the task? Yes. Quick turnaround on the BDA. Now, we'll have a live feed from the missile's video as well as your bird, so... Excuse me. Here we go. Kath? OK. COMINT, we're down an analyst, so I'll need you to pick up the slack, OK? Simon Penny? Jasmina? Yes, OK. Well, I guess that crosses Simon Penny off our list. I mean, if he was gonna sell secrets, he would have stolen something worth selling before getting himself booted off the base. Yes. Did anyone else find it interesting that it was Miss Delic who traced what he'd done and urged him to come forward just as she threw shade on Gus, highlighting his possible motives? Covering her own tracks, perchance? She does seem very astute. Yes, and I don't rule her out. Although whether it was Jasmina and Gus, Eloise, Deborah, Moses - they've all just seen Simon thrown off the base. Are you suggesting I shouldn't have fired Simon? I'm observing that it may have frightened our target into inaction. Or it could force their hand! They could see security is tightening and it forces them to act. Ethan James. Thanks. POTUS has authorised the strike on Hughes Reef. Thank you, Pentagon. Missile is launched. ELINT, check the flight data. Deb? Currently travelling at 700 kilometres per hour. Achieving target in 30 seconds. Any comms on asset movement? All Chinese naval personnel on the reef are currently all in the main building. I hope no-one decides now is a good time for a stroll. 20 seconds. EMINT? No assets currently in view. 10 seconds. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Target achieved. Awaiting your report, Alice. Roger that, Pentagon. Well... ...POTUS has made his statement. Loud and clear. China is appalled by this attack on our sovereign territory. We condemn America's actions in the strongest possible terms and call on our friends across the world to do the same. If America breaches Chinese territory, we'll take all necessary measures to protect our sovereignty. I will not be intimidated by Beijing! We expect China to respect international law, to respect American property, and most particularly, the lives of American military personnel. Today's cruise missile strike, which caused no loss of life, reduces China's capacity to launch further onslaughts on our friends. We're currently conducting routine freedom-of-navigation flyovers over what the rest of the world accepts is international airspace. The three F-16s on the flyover have circled the Spratlys and the Scarborough Shoal, and they are turning back to the Bartlett. ELINT, any sign of Chinese missile launch? Nothing on the radar. COMINT? They're tracking the planes but no talk of any countermeasures. Well, after all that, it looks like the dragon has decided that poking the eagle is too much of a risk. Go us. If you need a break, now's the time. You alright? Yeah. Just... ...um, it's Simon, you know? I wonder if we'll ever know what happened? Hey, are you good if I take five? Yeah, sure. Do you have a sec? Um, I'm just kind of busy. Thomas can handle it for five minutes. What is it? Jas, talk to me. Talk to you? Talk to you like you talked to me about Fort Meade? What? I want you to come. Do you not want to? Were you told to get close to me? What? Ethan, Rudi - did they tell you to cultivate me? I wanted to get to know you since the moment you walked in the office. Yeah, you were so ready to trust me and so open, and so open to me trusting you, I thought it was too good to be true. And now I wonder, was it? We are together, Jas. Why does it matter how we got here? So you were. You were. I told you things I wouldn't tell anybody else. And I told you I love you. And I do. How we got together, it doesn't matter. Yeah, it does matter. It really matters. Because how do we know what's real between us if we're being manipulated? How do we know if we're in it for each other or for our countries? "We're" being manipulated. OK. Ditto? I need a coffee or something. Danger, malware strike. Danger, malware strike. Danger, malware strike. Kath! It's happening! Jacob. What have you got? 425B, target tracker for a JS7 Chinese surface-to-air missile. Are the F-16s back at the Bartlett yet? Still over the South China Sea. 425B logged on channel 22. What's the geo? 425B geos to 10.38 north, 114.37 east. Shit. They're aiming at the planes. The malware's been activated! It's transmitting a file. The VGA card is still transmitting a file. It has to be stopped in the collections room. Find the phone! Bartlett, this is Alice. Alert your pilots they are being radar tracked by a Chinese surface-to-air missile currently active at 10.38 north, 114.37 east. Wait! Did Moses put an alert on the malware? So it seems. Do you trust him to stop it? Yes. Yes, I do. Missile homer signal 664A. Launch phase initiated. The phone has to be within 200 metres of the collection room. I called security. They're blocking off the lot. Ethan! Rudi, it's happening! No. No! No. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Cafeteria! Missile launch. I say again, missile launch. Bartlett, JS7 missile launched towards your fighters. Hostile missile launched in the vicinity of your fighters. Come on!! No. Shit. Fuck. 664A down. They got one. Fuck. We have a pilot down. Priority one! Ethan! I think we've found our phone. Fuck! If we do not recover Captain Pearson free and unharmed, my response must be swift and decisive. The Chinese are trying to block our guy's signal by jamming his frequency range. While you initially discovered the systems were compromised, we now question whether you had a deeper involvement in the whole affair. You know how good I am at this stuff, Kath. It was personal, admit it. We didn't need the help. I would have double-checked who was in the collections room. Quick, TV. Get the fuck away! Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa. Resume your stations! Sit down, Mr Kitto! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 