Pine Gap: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pine Gap 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pine Gap (2018): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 In a race against China, A-Crew desperately scour the South China Sea for signs of the missing US pilot while the net closes in on the Pine Gap mole. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We have a pilot down. Priority one. It's in our mutual interest to stand together. I think Australians need to be for Australians, Americans need to be for Americans. The sacrament of the alliance. Prosperity without freedom is just another form of poverty. Trust, but verify. Denver, this is Alice. Please advise on pilot status. Confirming successful ejection, Alice. Activate GPS locators as per guidelines. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Thank God he's alive. Thank you, Denver. On it here, at priority one as well. The distress beacon is on 503.7 megahertz. And we have three satellites on that frequency. We've also got three other signals right across that range. Now 10, 12, 16... Chinese? Must be. Active jamming. Sorry, what? The fucking Chinese are trying to block our guy's signal by jamming his frequency range. Come on, guys, priority one. It doesn't get any more serious. The jammers are active over 300 megahertz now. They don't know his exact frequency. But one of those signals could be our guy, right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Doubtful. He probably turned his GPS off as soon as he could. If he'd had it on from the start, the Chinese would get to him way before we could. He's just got to wait until... he thinks they've given up. Man, they want him bad. You think? A captured American pilot shot down over Chinese airspace? Claimed airspace. Yeah. The propaganda value is priceless. And you know it. Well, if he wants to be rescued, he's gotta do something. Might depend on the food and water he's got and whether he's on land. - On land? - It's possible. There's islands all over that area and he ejected at 12,000 feet, so he would have had some control over his landing spot. We had three minutes of malware activation this afternoon. We're going to need all the leave and return logs for this shift. Earlier today, an American F-16 on a routine freedom of navigation flyover was unlawfully targeted by a Chinese surface-to-air missile. Captain Saul Pearson successfully ejected although his location is currently unknown. And we're doing everything in our capabilities to recover Captain Pearson and return him safely home. I've spoken with his family and offered my support and prayers at this understandably difficult time. And on behalf of the American people, I believe now is a seminal moment in history. If we do not recover Captain Pearson, free and unharmed, my response must be... ...will be swift and decisive. God bless the United States of America. We can rule Gus out. He only left the ops floor briefly, never actually left the building. And Moses? Mr Moses Dreyfus was actually outside the operations building for some minutes. And he had his own alarm on the malware transmission, which he hadn't told me about. But he was right about one file getting out. I did check that. So, was it genuine? Or designed to fool us? Also, an AUSTRAC alert from my ASIO mate shows that Moses withdrew 12,000 bucks from his savings account yesterday. W-w-wait a second. If he is stealing secrets in order to pay a blackmailer, why is he giving them cash on top? That doesn't make sense, does it? I mean, it's gotta be one thing or the other. OK. We can't keep this to ourselves any longer. Go get him. Yeah. But one file did leave the base, hey? Yes. Although it's encrypted, sadly. We might still have time to stop it going public. Or falling into enemy hands, which could ruin the week. So... have you heard from your legal counsel today? Yeah. He's all briefed up, ready to go. Jacob, this is madness. If we don't sort this, we will both be paying two lawyers in Canberra to show up in court tomorrow and argue over a cat. Yeah. I know. So, let's just be sensible about this. OK. He's mine. Hand him over. Are you happy letting a judge decide this? No. I'd be happier if you just gave me back what's mine. I just think we should park this for a while. There's no point getting personal with all this other shit going on. It's been personal ever since I got here, so why stop now? No. No. No. You kept me in the dark on a serious investigation. You didn't tell me where you lived. You threw a barbie for A-crew and didn't invite me. None of that was about you. Bull... shit! You have one dodgy ASIO mate who knows how to access data on the quiet. Until we needed that, we didn't fucking need you. No. No. No. Except you know how good I am with this stuff, Kath. It was personal. Admit it. We didn't need the help. Really? 'Cause you were doing such a fantastic job on your own. Well, what would you have done? Well, for starters, I would have double-checked who was in the collections room. When? On... That Wednesday. Three weeks ago. See, all these names were all from a list that Rudi gave Ethan. But neither of you actually went back and checked the original entry logs. Well, why would we have? I trust Ethan and Ethan... ...trusted Rudi. Yeah. And one thing that you should have learned from being married to me is that shockingly... sometimes, just once in a blue moon, trust can be misplaced. Rudi was in there? And he was not on the list that he gave to Ethan. But he was the one who said you all had to look in the cafeteria, right? And then he ran in, searching desperately for a phone that was found in the microwave by... Wait. Hang on. No. No. Who found the phone? Who was actually closest to the microwave? I know this... It's fucking Rudi. It's certainly a compelling case. Rudi? That's impossible. No. I have checked it. Jacob is right. He was in there for about three minutes. No. I'm sure that's right. But it's still impossible. I'm happy to front him. No. You and I have to front him. Well, it's why they pay us the big bucks. No. Kath, we just got the... buck. Shared facility, shared everything. The buck stops at both of us. My God, don't you just wish sometimes that you owned a five-acre hobby farm off the grid, solar panels... Grow what you need, watch the sunset. Yeah. Forget all this crap. Like Diocletian and his cabbages. If only we could believe it was crap. Ain't that the truth. OK. One step at a time, agreed? First Moses. Yeah. Then Rudi. Right. If you need proof that the malware's been deleted... No. Sit. First... ...while you initially discovered the systems were compromised, we now question whether you had a deeper involvement in the whole affair. What? Is there anything you'd like to say? Bearing in mind contrition now will be viewed favourably later. But... Um, no. No. I have to... Wait? What? You think I put it there? Did you? Are you kidding? If it was me, I would have done a so much better job. You analyse the code in that malware? I mean, getting it in was a stroke of genius. But the malware itself is ancient. And where do you think I live? 2004? Assuming that is the case and even if you haven't been stealing data from this facility, we still need to satisfy ourselves that you haven't been compromised. They think you're rooting a minor. What? Having sex with an underage girl. Sex? Sex? Come on, Dreyfus, don't play dumb. We know she's been a regular visitor. We also know that you suddenly withdrew 12 grand from your savings account... No. ..yesterday. This... That's not for... Um... Welfare. They screwed her over. She couldn't get anymore until she paid them back. I was just helping... helping her out. But nothing... We never... No. What's her name? Marissa. Marissa who? I don't know. So that's just her working name? No. What is the nature of your relationship? Math. Check with her if you like. We will. You read our minds. Hi. Hi. Hey. So, we hear about the mine tomorrow. Well, as if it won't happen. Well, unofficially we hear it's looking good, but the Treasurer still has to make the final call. Get real. You're pouring billions into the economy, you're building roads and train lines and employing thousands of people, for what, 50 years? It's a no-brainer. You've been reading up on us. It's been pretty hard to miss. I mean, there's been something on Shonguran pretty much every day since I got here. Yeah. Well, we will find out tomorrow. And, if the news is good, do you stay with the project? For a year at least. Maybe two years. How much longer are you here for? Um... 18 months. Mom, can I have some money? Yes. And... There. I'm glad it's getting used. Yeah. I love it. Listen, what are you doing tomorrow? Well, I... I have school drop-off and then... Why? What's on offer? I just thought we could meet somewhere, you know, figure out what's going on between us, if anything, or not. It's up to you. We could hike up to Mount Gillen. There's, like, a track that goes around the mound. People go there early, but we will probably have it to ourselves. You don't have to. Just thought we could get out of town and the view is spectacular. You can even see the base. Pine Gap? From the top. Yeah. Yes. Have you told Canberra? I had to. But all I reported was a loss of classified information. No detail. ASIS is sending Gemma McMillan up so that she can get a look at the big picture. Langley put Dani Griffin on the plane again for exactly the same reason. What does she know? Everything. In fact, she knew it all from the beginning. What? And we agreed that I'd let it run and she'd turn a blind eye. Thanks a lot. How are we supposed to help each other if you withhold information like that? You want to have a conversation about withholding information? OK. Yep. Fair point. OK. We sink or swim together now, OK? Let's just hope what they stole isn't too sensitive. Jesus. How are D-crew going down on ops floor? Have we found that pilot? We're still searching. God. No luck using the entry logs to narrow down our suspects, I gather? Come and see. Well, you're looking happier. I got the offer. The Fort Meade gig. When are you leaving? I've still gotta say yes. Come on... Open position, promotion, so close to home, what that means. It's pretty obvious what you're gonna choose. It's still not easy. The problem we've got isn't geography, Gus. We made it. Have you two ordered yet? No. Good thinking. Food would be good. So... what are we in the mood for? Crocodile or buffalo? There. Look. OK? So, I'm legal and everything. But as it turns out we weren't doing anything. OK? I slept on the sofa. Yeah. 'Cause no-one's ever had sex on a sofa. So, where's your favourite spot? Men's toilets? Probably with him, right? And the $12,000 he gave you? What did that pay for? Welfare. I screwed up so he helped me out. You know, he's a bloody lifesaver. And he just gave it to you? No pressure at all? No coercion of any kind? It was just to get me back on welfare. Alright? That's all it was. We weren't doing nothing else. Except sitting on a sofa, legs crossed, end of story. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Look, I asked him for help and he helped me. OK? But he didn't have to. And I wasn't going to troll him if he didn't. I might troll you two, but, if you don't leave him alone. You get where I'm going? We're done here. It's 20-minute intervals. And... Rudi. Well... ...Moses may well be weird, but his girlfriend is not underage and he has not been compromised. They really are just friends. So... ...that means it's one of these three. Or you. Alright. Yes, I was in the collections room briefly that day. But if you... genuinely believe I'm technically gifted enough to reprogram a video card and do all that stuff with a telephone, then I'm very... flattered. Why? Well, I knew I hadn't done it. And... we should just accept that? And I knew you needed me. And I knew I wouldn't have got anywhere near this investigation if I brought you a list with my name on it. Are you kidding me? I mean, should... should we just believe that? It's a fact. So what? You were also in the cafeteria, mate. You were in there for seven minutes and you were closer to the microwave than anyone. They're also facts. Do you know my story? I figure we're about to. I know you lie. I joined in '74, posted to West Berlin in '78, with my wife at the time. And, yeah, that was still common for a man like me back in the '70s. But when the Stasi acquired photos of inappropriate behaviour they thought they had me. I was told I could work for them or be exposed. Instead I risked everything and told my field manager exactly what happened. And my country did not judge, they simply threw me a lifeline and for the next 11 years the Germans believed I was their double agent when in fact I was a triple. And to this day, I thank God that my whole life prepared me to be one thing in the open and another thing in secret. So, where's a violin? Have you got a violin? Let him finish. In an era when I could have been fired for homosexuality, America believed in me. They have always believed in me. And I could not sit back now and see it betrayed. I would not disqualify myself from finding out who this person was. It's all true, Kath. So... What? We're telling the truth now, are we? So, after my barbecue you come back here, deliver your notes and then you go through my computer. Yes. Well spotted. What for? I knew we'd swapped files but I had to be sure you hadn't held anything back about Ms Delic. That's all I was after, because I know how people look when they're playing a double game, Kath. They look like her. Sinclair. You're kidding. They found the pilot? TV. It's everywhere. What's everywhere? The stolen file. They got one more from somewhere. We do not have a full picture of their movements. OK. So, we should vet and confirm. Confirm what? That Adib's a terrorist with a history of anti-American violence? Alice, we await your confirmed intelligence. Stand by. We don't have this intelligence. You can't just go ahead. Looks like they've got the vehicle going. They're getting ready to leave. It's our shift log. Please confirm targets are a known FTO. We've breached apex security comms and have three vampires in their possession. Thank you, Alice. Moving to full deployment. That missile strike might have been a false flag. There's nothing false about those three vampires. We can't confirm they were on that plane. We've confirmed they've got missiles. They've cracked apex comms and the President is in range. I'm acting on that. Thank you, Alice. Target achieved. The mention of "Alice" means Pine Gap. And this footage offers strong support to those elements of the Australian public who have argued Pine Gap's modern role puts us right in the middle of America's post-9/11 controversial drone strike program. Of course, how and why this clip found its way into the public domain is part of a much bigger question. Sources close to the Prime Minister have suggested that he isn't at all happy about sensitive information finding its way into the public domain and it is expect... The National Security Council is meeting at the White House in two hours. It's being shared all over the world now, but it was initially uploaded to the newsfeed of a well-known Darwin radical named Johnny Watson, which means it must have been emailed from here straight to him. The PM's called for an 8:00am Cabinet meeting. Wants a briefing prior. At least from the email we'll get the sender's address. And from there, identification should be... easy. Hopefully that's some kind of silver lining. Just because you have an Aussie agent saying they didn't have enough intel to be sure that those were the same terrorists that shot down the Burmese plane. As disturbing as this footage is, Bobby, and I'm sure someone is going to be in trouble over leaking this... Yeah, you bet. Nonetheless, it was in response to a clear and present threat. Absolutely. And we have to remember, Steve, that these terrorists have a history of anti-Western attacks. And, Steve, they had three missiles hidden in their truck. So, why is it controversial? Well, it's controversial because this Aussie agent said they'd didn't have enough intel to prove that they were the same terrorists that shot down the Burmese plane. Now, in a situation like that, if you follow strict protocol, her boss, the guy she was talking to at the time, he should have got in touch with the people operating the drone, asked them to pause while they checked everything out. But the President was only seven miles away. Exactly. And they had a vampire aimed directly at him. So the boss made a split-second call to chuck out the rule book? Yes. Yes. And by doing that he saved the President's life, undeniably. You just can't forget that. In context, therefore... In context, therefore, it was a great act of quick thinking. And we should be goddamn thankful that we have men like... Let me in. Oi, didn't I just save your arse? It's a nice way of saying thank you. Hey. At least talk to me, yeah? Say something! I'm not doing any bad shit anymore, OK? I promise. We can still be friends, right? Moses? Are they making you do this? OK. Well, yeah. I'm not going to beg or anything. If that's how it's going to be, done. Thank you. For everything. And a really big thanks for getting me out of all that shit with welfare. I won't forget you. Have a good life. Yeah. Don't expect to be the next ambassador to Australia any longer. Even if you are completely exonerated, the headlines from today will stick. We have a room waiting for you at the base. Thank you. Who's coming up from ASIS? Gemma McMillan? I believe so. ETA tomorrow morning. I thought she was coming up from Canberra. That's correct. Well, what's she using, a camel? Anyone figured out how that drone footage even got out? Is that why they dragged you off the bus last night? Figure out how it was done? Yeah. And? Can't say. Come on. Must have been fucking clever. Unless there's some crazy chink in the armour somewhere. No. All I can say is that it took a ton of nerve, and, yes, it was absolutely ingenious. And you won't give us any more hints? I will say this - me, personally, I never would have thought of it. Well, that's cool. Well, do they know who did it? Well. So, do they have bases like this in China? Outside China I know they have one in Argentina, but it's a lot smaller. It only has two antennas. We're all the same, really, aren't we? We just want to be safe and happy and our leaders want to be rich and powerful. Sure. But there are still differences too. You see, Americans play chess, right, where the object of the game is to kill the other king. A fast attack, total victory. But we play go, where the object of the game is to gradually own the most territory, slowly acquire a winning position, which is a completely different approach to life, business, even relationships. Ha. Decision on the mine? No. Other stuff. I'll call them back. Anyway, here we are. Water? I... I've been meaning to ask you... ...the day that we met outside the art gallery, had you been watching me? For a few minutes. But I had seen you at the courts a few times. You know, you... you do stand out. At least you do to me. That day you looked really lonely. I could relate to that, especially out here. So I thought to myself we might get on together, you know, friends. Look, Belle, can I just say... ...I would love to keep seeing you. But it's easy for me and it's not for you. I get that. But I would love whatever is possible, if that's... So, the file got out, the pilot is still missing and we could lose our jobs. What a week? Latte with one. We are spending way too much time together. Sinclair. Yes, Mr Prime Minister. We executed raids at Watson's place in Darwin at 6:00am. Joint operation. Seized that idiot's server, all the hard drives, restored the email and found who sent it to him. Sorry, just on the phone to Canberra. A very difficult conversation. I can imagine. Could we have a moment? In a minute. Who was it? Not one of your workers here unfortunately. So we still don't have the full picture. But I would guess you know them. Alice, this is Pentagon. The Pacific Fleet is now at Defcon 2. High alert. I can't see a thing behind all this Chinese jamming. How are they keeping this up? They wouldn't bother if they'd already found him. So he's still out there at least. Alive, right? He could still be alive. And transmitting by now, you'd think. He'd have to be. We just can't see it. What if we widen the subtuner? Won't we just lose accuracy? Yeah. But if his signal's strong enough... Look, there. It's got space now. And he is transmitting. Where? 11.08 north. 115.03 east. Or thereabouts. Wait. So, is it repeating or...? No. No. No. Wait. I've got it. Jacob, we've found a signal which could be Pearson. Passing the geo. But it mightn't be exact. Alright. EMINT, can we get a look at that geo, please? 10 seconds and I'll be overhead. Almost in range. Transferring to the main screen. OK. 11.8 north, 115.03 east. Overhead now. And magnifying. Still magnifying. Still magnifying. Closer. Closer. There. He's there. And that's an airforce parachute. On the north tip of the Spratly Islands. Just got lucky, that's all. Alright. Shut up. Shut up. Alright. Pentagon, this is Alice. Confirming we have coordinates and visual confirmation for Captain Saul Pearson from imagery. Thank you, Alice. Nice work. Any Chinese naval strength in that vicinity? Yes. Stand-by for latest intel. Yes. How did you obtain this footage? I got a text. From? I don't know. You didn't recognise the number? Well, there wasn't one. You know how you can send a text to yourself? Well, someone picked up my phone and sent me a text on my phone. How did they unlock it? Why would I have a locked phone? I have nothing to hide. And if he gives it back to me, I can show you. So someone was using your phone but you don't know who. Well, no. I was on the court. And I mean, at the risk of stating the obvious, I don't think they wanted me to see them. So, this was at the basketball game? Yeah. The night before last. And some of our people are on your team, right? Yeah. But they're all just gardeners. Simon, Eloise, Deb, Gus and his nerdy mate and that new chick was sitting behind us. Look, it could have been any of them. I logged in, put my hair up and dropped my phone in my sports bag. I didn't get it out until I was riding home. And that's when I found this. "Look under the flag at Anz Hill tomorrow. -00pm. "Be worth it. Promise." So I did. And that's when I found this under the flag, a plain old USB stick. Your IT guys might be able to get something off it. And you emailed it to...? Johnny Watson up in Darwin. And he put it on his newsfeed. Which is unauthorised disclosure of a special intelligence operation. Although "disclosure" means making secret information known. This drone strike was already headlining news around the world. We all knew about it, who was killed. We just hadn't seen it yet. And for the record, I have fully cooperated with your investigation despite no welcome to country and no acknowledgement at all that we are meeting on Arrernte land. Do not leave Alice Springs until we say you can. We've been here 60,000 years, lady, I'm not going anywhere. Ethan, you and I really need a minute. - If you can just... - Later. At the moment, let's stay on topic. Does this change anything? Look. Not really. Just a little bit more detail. I mean, the computer in the collections room transmitted a file to a nearby phone. Our offender emailed the file to themselves then fried the phone, then went home. And we've just heard that they got the file to Immy DuPain by transferring it from a personal laptop to a USB device and then dumping it out at ANZAC Hill. And the people at the basketball game who were also at the cafeteria when the phone was destroyed were Jasmina, Deb and Eloise. All equally plausible. Can we pull CCTV from the basketball courts? No. We can't. There is none. This is Alice Springs. We're not in Manhattan, Dani. Is there anything in the text message? The way they've spelled "tomorrow" or the use of a colon? Who's the best COMINT analyst? Because we need someone who knows these three girls well enough to be able to spot something little. Well, that would be Jasmina, and, unfortunately, she's one of them. How about Simon Penny? You'd call him back? We need answers, Kath. If he hasn't packed up and left yet, call him. Ethan, A-crew have located Captain Pearson but there's still a problem. I have to go. How about you? No. Wait. Kath. Call Simon Penny. Godammit. We can only rescue Pearson by chopper. But the Chinese have put a squadron of fighters in the air and three destroyers within 50 miles. The Joint Chiefs have advised the President that in order to conduct a rescue he must order an attack. Ethan... He can rely on us for accurate intelligence when one of the analysts in A-Crew is a traitor. How did we get here over one pilot? Ethan, my phone call to Canberra this morning. Kath. Not now. No. Now, for fuck's sake. Do you mind? Our Treasurer is about to announce his approval of the Shonguran gas mine in... half an hour ago. And our Prime Minister doesn't want to be taking $200 billion of Chinese money with one hand and helping to sink one of their ships with the other. He doesn't think it would be very smart. Well, you tell your Prime Minister he does not get to dictate American foreign policy. We are one snap decision away from a major conflict. Jacob, I've got signals from 26 Chinese railguns targeting the Pacific Fleet. We have several 347 and 349 fire control radar systems active. And a JY-8 mobile radar transmission is now coming from five signals, all on the move. Please keep real-time progress of location coordinates. Shit. They've activated the guidance systems on three D-41s. Gus, I'm gonna need some help here. D41s? What? They've got mobile nuclear devices launch ready? Yes. But they're moving and switching on and off. Infra-red pictures show 14 land-based silos being opened. Alice, it's imperative we know the exact location of... Operations floor, stop. We have no concurrence for this operation, so stop it now. What? Australia has no concurrence with this. And both countries need to approve all operations. Well, the Australians can stop working, then. Tracking guidance system movement on those D41s. Moving south. Gus, walk away now. Screw you. We are talking about an American pilot out there who will be captured... Everyone, stop. ...or die without our help. Without Australian concurrence this entire facility must stop this tasking immediately. Stop! Now! Deputy Chief Sinclair has her instructions. Please comply with the order until we have both sought clarification. Take over. Yes, sir. Still tracking. Get the fuck away! Resume your stations! We have protocol for these circumstances. Kath. They will be followed. They will be followed. Is that clear? Does everyone understand? Hey. Easy. We will continue tasking over the subcontinent, Russia, but nothing, absolutely nothing on the South China Sea. Sit down, Mr Kitto. Easy. Ethan. You and I do not have a problem, you know that. Does Australia want an alliance or not? It's that simple, Kath. Of course we do. America's support is vital to us unless, unless you drag us into a war with China and then we're fucked. Well, the only reason POTUS is thinking twice about an attack is the risk of a nuclear retaliation. That's his only hesitation. Well, I can assure you China will not fire nukes first. Really? Because they are arming everything. Weren't you listening in there? I was listening. I was listening to Jas. And she had just heard a call between Chairman Chen and his premier. The top two men in China were on their own personal cells? They wanted us to hear. And whilst they made it clear that they would defend their country with everything else they have, they will not fire nuclear weapons first, no matter what. And what you just told me, the minute POTUS hears that, he's going to start a conventional war immediately just to save one fucking pilot. So don't get shitty at us for non-concurrence. Because as far as I can see, that's it for peace in Asia. Only momentarily. We can take out their silly little man-made islands in 10 minutes. And then they're going to sink half a dozen ships. Then, and then, and then what? They can't match us militarily. You'll never actually win, Ethan. If you couldn't win in Afghanistan or Iraq... You couldn't win in Korea or Vietnam, how in fuck of all fuckeries are you going to beat China? It's not about winning, Kath. It's about maintaining dominance which, I might add, is in Australia's interests as much as ours. Trying to keep your foot on China's throat is not in Australia's best interests. Look, the stability of the whole of Asia has been guaranteed by our leadership. That's how it's worked since 1945. We keep everybody in check. And for the long-term stability of the whole region, that is a dominance that we have to maintain. You've just got to get out of the 20th century. Right. Now, I love America, but you are no long... You are no longer the greatest country in the world. You're just not. With the strength China has today, America could never have stability and dominance in Asia again. It's one or the other. It doesn't mean you'll lose anything. But things change. You know, as a nation it's time to just age gracefully... ...you know, be adult. Just don't start a fucking war with China. Give them some room. Now, Jas hasn't logged that phone call yet. How do we want to do this? Ethan, how is it down there? Pretty hot, they tell me. 103 today, sir. Well, before you go putting on an ice vest or anything, just... ...give us the straight facts. What the hell is Beijing up to? Well, Mr President, the truth is they have a third of their nuclear arsenal armed and ready to launch. Yeah, but what are they thinking, Ethan? We know what they're doing, they're beating their chest and trying to look scary. Well, good for them. But there is an American life at stake. Can we hear what Chen is thinking? Sir, for the last month, we have been listening 24/7 to Chinese political and military comms and we know beyond doubt that if attacked, they will fight to protect and defend what they view as their sovereign territory. Yeah, but with or without nuclear weapons? They are armed and ready, sir. So are ours. That can mean a lot of things. Or nothing. I can only pass on the intelligence that we have, sir. And I have seen nothing suggesting that they won't use them. Nothing?! Nothing to suggest it's just a posture? Even though they know our arsenal is four times bigger than theirs?! Mr President... ...every piece of intelligence I've seen indicates that any attempt to rescue Captain Pearson using armed force will trigger an immediate nuclear strike on continental America. Sir. Regardless of the consequences. This means that much to them. Jesus Christ! OK. And, Ethan... ...thank you. I just lied to my president. You just saved thousands of lives. Pentagon, this is Alice. Nothing to report. Looks like we've got a stand-off. Roger, Alice. Thank you. Beijing and the White House are both now actively seeking a diplomatic solution. That's good news. We were wondering if common-sense might get a guernsey sooner or later. A what? Don't worry. It's called humour. Shouldn't have bothered. Operations floor. Whilst talks are progressing, Australian concurrence can resume monitoring the situation on the South China Sea. Thank you. Jas. Can I talk to you? Yeah? So, a non-concurrence. Who would have thought that'd ever happen? Well, it's over now, at least. You think? Doubt we've heard the last of it. So I have to reply to Fort Meade. Tonight. Yeah. Yeah, you told me. You haven't had any second thoughts? No. Have you? What was happening between you and Kath, just now? Nothing. Do you think we could have worked it out? If you don't s... ...if you don't stay, we... we'll never know. After an agreement was reached between Washington and Beijing regarding Captain Saul Pearson's safety, he was rescued by a Chinese frigate and immediately flown to Beijing where he is now in the American embassy. But with both leaders claiming the moral high ground... A toast. Congratulations. To Shonguran's successful project. And to the Arrernte people. Xie Xie. We're getting a bit in return. Ganbei. Ganbei. You played a good long game, Paul. Welcomed me in, buddied up. Made sure we were too far in before you put jobs on the table. Too late to say no then, wasn't it? We both played a pretty good long game, mate. I'll be watching to see how yours plays out. Xie Xie. Yeah, so... Let me get this straight - you need help identifying who sent this text message from this phone to this phone? Correct. And it's... Immy DuPain's phone? Yeah. It was at the ball game two nights ago but it wasn't her. We're hoping there's something about the punctuation, the spelling... It's kind of a stretch. The way it's phrased, perhaps? There's no clear marker from any normal comms analysis. But... ...as it turns out, I actually know who sent it. Who? Before we get to that... ...I haven't told my wife what happened. I haven't even packed up the apartment. Yes. We've noticed. OK. So... I'm assuming nothing's become irrevocable in terms of official reports. What the fuck are you getting at, Simon? I'm wondering if I can't come back. Simon, your position here is untenable. No-one trusts you! We can't trust you! Can you work like that? Honestly?! Do you wanna know who it is or not? It's in the time. It says 'delivered, 8:19'. I got there at 8:22. I know that 'cause I got a text message from my daughter. Fuck. That totally gives it away. OK, deal. Now, who do we arrest? Big day. Yeah. And the judge even gave you the cat. Yeah, I'm just... looking at his orders. Well, go, you. Still, all a bit of fun, hey? I never even liked that hairy little shit anyway. Isn't it lucky I'm so gracious? Shake hands... ...well played, moving on. That is me. No thoughts of revenge whatsoever. Hey. And Rudi got it right at the start, That's gotta hurt. Let's go find a place where we can... ...swap some more stories. Hey, Dad. Hey, son. How you doing? Yeah. Good, good. Hey, you're getting better at this. Yeah, well... practice makes perfect. Look, I saw on the news today about that drone strike over there. Yeah. Yeah, they don't really know how that got out. Yeah. No, I know. And I really... I actually haven't... I haven't actually seen it myself. To be honest. Well... ...you know the guy in charge of things? You know, all the people here are basically saying that he saved our President's life. Are they? Yeah. That's what they're saying. And... ...you work there, yeah? Yeah, well, sort of. Not in, like, the... Not in that area. Yeah. No. But you knew these guys, yeah? No. Not really. No. You can't even recognise their voice? No. Not for sure. OK. I s'pose... ...only work with people for one or two years... I mean, it's... not the same as... ...say, well, you and me. For example. So, we've been... ...talking... ...since you was three years old, son. So I wouldn't have... ...much trouble picking your voice. Hey... ...I'm real sorry, Dad, I'm... Yeah. You gotta go. Yeah. I'm sorry. No. It's OK. I get it. Gus. I understand things. Alright? Yeah. Thanks, Dad. OK. You just... You keep doing what you're doing down there. Alright, son? We'll... We'll talk soon, yeah? I love you. Love you too, Dad. That missile strike might have been a false flag... There's nothing false about those three vampires... We cannot confirm these guys shot down that plane! We've confirmed they've got missiles. They've cracked APEC's comms and the President is enraged. I'm acting on that. Thank you, Alice. Target achieved. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 