Pine Gap: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pine Gap 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pine Gap (2018): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Holy fuck. Outside now. It's in our mutual interest to stand together... Look, I think Australians need to be for Australians. Americans need to be for Americans. The sacrament of the alliance... Prosperity without freedom is just another form of poverty. Trust but verify. Today's COMINT tasking was trying to pick up 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 anything from the Chinese chairman at a private banquet he was hosting. It turned out one of the guests was our PM's Chief of Staff Robert Boyle. So, we turned his phone into a listening device. The only way we could hear anything under the circumstances... What is this about? Guess who took the opportunity to access the metadata from the COS's phone and download all his emails from the APEC conference in Sittwe. Did you read them? That journo on BM-24 took a selfie with Boyle at APEC and Rohingya shooting the plane down just doesn't make sense. Did you read Boyle's email? Yes, I read the emails! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just the one from the Prime Minister. Did anyone else? No. So, is it true? Is what they're planning really on the table? Is Australia... Nothing's been finalised, and NOTHING must leave these walls. Kath, I just want to understand. It's not your job to understand. Shh! It's not your job to go out private intelligence gathering. Alright? There is no understanding this. There is no... no nutting it out, no analysing it. You could be fired and fucking imprisoned. If you want to avoid the shitstorm of all shitstorms, you best start doing the job that you signed up for, reveal their secrets and protect ours. And just in case you've forgotten, "they" is anyone who can't sing Waltzing fucking Matilda whilst holding a current Australian passport. I told you she wouldn't let it go. Yes. You're very prescient. You know what? We should split up A-crew. Get the Aussie unit as far away from Pine Gap as possible. No. No, we shouldn't. All signs are Ethan and Rudi have swallowed the Rohingya story. But if they have any doubts, suddenly organising the transfer of 20 people might just ring an alarm bell. Every day they are here doubles the risk of Jasmina finding out something more. I said no. It's lucky I was onto this fast. She won't say anything now. Yeah, because your measured approach was sure to gain her cooperation and trust. And you would've handled it better? I'd have handled it like an adult. But that's you all over, you know? Just when in doubt, beat your hairy chest. I made our position clear. For fuck's sake, Jacob! You alienated her when we need her on side. She should be on side already. No reason why she wouldn't be, is there? It shits you, doesn't it? Me being called in here to save your little castle. You OK? Jas? Yeah, I'm fine. Alright, where's our aircraft carrier? It's still heading to the South China Sea at 20 knots. What about Chinese military comms? Any sign they'll intercept? No cancelled leave, no recalled crew, just... Business as usual. If you're back, I can take a loo break. Kath? I've got Simon Penny out here asking to see you. Alright. Just... Sure. Hey, Kath. Phwooo. Look at all that green. Hey? Courtesy of the taxpayers. Well, as long as they're American taxpayers, I guess it's not too bad. What do you want? Well, do you mind if I...? Sure. Yeah? There's a manager's position at the Signals Directorate in Canberra. I was thinking of throwing my hat in the ring. It's excellent pay. Is that senior management? Jeez, you're cutting it fine, aren't you? Applications close in two days. Live by the edge. That's my motto. I was... I was kind of wondering if... ...you could stump a reference for me. I thought you liked ops. I do. But Canberra's closer to the family. Are you confident you can meet the selection criteria? Yeah, well, a reference from the Pine Gap DCOF wouldn't hurt. Simon... ...I have been in this business a long time and I do not think you are ready for this position and I do not think a reference from me is gonna make a bead of difference. Gotcha. Listen, don't get me wrong. Go get an MA in management, do a stint acting at a senior level and I'd be happy to revisit it. But, Simon, look at the dates. Yeah. You left your run a bit late. Yeah. That's... good advice. Thanks, Kath. Fuck. So, what was Simon doing, wandering around? Yeah, he's, after a job in Canberra. Let me guess. Higher salary. Yeah. It's also closer to his family, so... Interesting. First things first - Jasmina. I'm not about to arrest you but we do need to set a trap. Have her stumble across some sensitive information, watch her and see what she does with it, whether she passes it on to someone. Yeah, I don't think that's a goer right now. Jacob has just given her a bit of a roasting. Over what? Jasmina has a habit of overstepping the mark on the floor. There's nothing in it. Just a personality clash. Jacob came down on her like a ton of bricks and if she's our traitor, he has just sent her right back into the hole. Will you please direct your colleague not to behave like a bull in a china shop around her? Listen, he is not in the malware tent, remember? No, he's not, is he? Why is that? You seem to work well together. Well, Ethan decreed the fewer people who knew about it, the better. I don't know. Jacob could be useful. Strikes me as a man with hidden talents. You don't agree? I think it's a rare human being who doesn't have something to hide, Rudi. So, how do we solve a problem like Jasmina? I think we stop focusing on just her. They're all the problem. Yeah. Coming! So, what happened earlier today? Are you OK? Yeah, I just had Jacob breathing down my neck all afternoon. I downloaded Boyle's emails. And Jacob saw it? Yep, and dobbed me in to Kath. "Not your job to go off private intelligence gathering." "You could be fired for this." So, was there anything in the emails that could've been Lwin's totes explosive news? Um... The ones from around the time she took the selfie with Boyle which are him and the Prime Minister agreeing some decision needed to be delayed until after the 23rd. That was it? You seemed kind of concerned, even before Jacob caught you. Well, yeah. Accessing an Australian's metadata is a serious breach. So, "cos" didn't stand for "Chief of Staff"? Do you think it will come to war? The South China Sea? As long as we have our regional allies on side, China will stay in their box. What if the balance shifted? What if, say, Japan sided with China? Japan hates China. OK, us, then. What if Australia is so sick of America not guaranteeing our safety, China offers us a deal. If America ever declares war, we'll stay neutral and in return, China will keep trading with us. If Australia sided with China, all our planes, anti-submarine technology, we would pull your access to all that. And the intel you get from Pine Gap. It'd get ugly fast. And you guys would end up on your own. Sure wouldn't be sending any more Valentines. Lucky we're on the same side, hey? Sorry, can you just...? Can you just, please...? The emails on Robert Boyle's phone. One of them was kind of... ...significant. China's offered Australia a treaty of neutrality. You're kidding? We haven't signed it. Not yet. OK. If Lwin read that, I can see why she thought it was totes explosive news. The sort of news that Beijing would want to keep secret until it was a done deal that they could wave in America's face. They shot down BM-24. China. To stop Lwin from publishing her story. I think it's possible... No, it's more than possible. They have hundreds of vampire missiles. They have access to the Bangladesh-Myanmar border and military. They shot down the plane and now Australia's helping them cover it up with this vengeful Rohingya BS that Jacob and Kath are spinning. You were told not to tell me this. Yeah, but I... I just haven't had a... I just haven't had a real relationship since I joined the community, and you can't talk about work and no-one on the outside just really understands what the hell we do anyway. And I'm just scared, you know? I just don't want to end up like Moses, incapable of a meaningful relationship with anything other than a screen. And then I met... I met you and I thought, at last... ...at last I wouldn't have to be on my guard all the time. You said... You said... You said the other day that we have to decide what sort of relationship we want. And I want one that doesn't have secrets... ...and that doesn't start with a lie. Danger Will Robinson. Danger Will Robinson. Danger Will Robinson. Danger Will Robinson. Danger... I know you're there. Hey! I'm not trying to steal or anything, OK? I'm just trying to sleep. You need to leave. You owe me 50 bucks. No, I don't. You do so. You revealed my best trick to the whole world. Did you... Do you want me to... drive you home? Here's me thinking you were brainy. Hey. Hey. Come on. Just don't touch anything. Yeah, alright. Guessing you're into computers. Don't touch anything. Yeah, you said that. Thanks. Sorry, um... I used to busk with it before I learnt the whole maths... ...thing. Keep your eye on the ring. Ta-da. Excuse me. What's this? I'm trying to figure out variations in the Earth's magnetic field. Yeah, right. What do you want? I told you. I'm just looking for somewhere to sleep. Well, why here? You don't know anything about me. I don't know. You don't have a creepy vibe. I could be a serial killer. Nah. You're a total weirdo, but... ...I trust you. So does this mean I stay on your Valentine's list? I'll give you a Valentine's any day. The China stuff and the plane... ...we can't vet and confirm any of it. If we ask questions, they'll realise I told you. I know. Just speculation, hypothetical. Nothing to see. Listen, I'm going to Rudi in the morning. To confess I'm having close and continuing Valentines with a foreigner. That's bold. It was either that or we keep sneaking out of each other's beds at the crack of dawn every work day. Boys missed you at dinner tonight. Yeah. Sorry. How was it with Paul today? Took you to that place where your painting's from? Yeah. It was... ...it was beautiful. Just the two of you? Paul's daughter, Immy, from basketball. Andre's been asking about basketball. All his friends are in the local comp and I was thinking of taking him down and signing him up. Maybe I can... ...help if they need. That's a great idea. Just, you know, be careful. Well, I doubt I'll be discussing Pine Gap's role in containing the rise of China. Good. What? Nothing. Who the FUCK do Australians think they are!? There's more people in Shanghai than in that entire shithole fucking deserted fucking country and... Is that who I think it is? ...really important, for fuck's sake. Stupid, dumb cocksuckers! It started on a website in Japan. From there, the internet lit up like the fourth of July. China leaked it? It's a great opportunity to embarrass the President and sow discord between us and our allies. The Aussies have already got their sunburnt noses out of joint over ANZUS. Inflammatory material like this is just too good an opportunity for... Beijing to pass up. This isn't linked to that other matter - our work problem? Unlikely. Nothing's been... moved. Perhaps we should discuss this in the morning. For godsakes, Rudi. You assured me you would handle this. And I can. Well, we're running out of time. Measurable progress would be good. May I join you? ...do Australians think...?! I thought we concluded the Chinese Secret Service wouldn't release it 'cause they didn't want us knowing their latest capacities. So, someone found - shock, horror - a bribe-able Chinese official, made him an offer he couldn't refuse. ...cocksuckers! You gonna invite me in? No. How'd you find out where I lived? G'day, Brucey. Hello, mate. Hello, mate. Well, don't pat him like that. He doesn't like it. Yeah, he does. He'll bite you. No, he won't. 'Cause he misses me and he wants me back in his life. Don't you, buddy? Nigh-night, Brucey. Hey. Hey... I have to go to work. You need to leave. Thanks for letting me stay. Mr Maths Nerd. You still owe me 50 bucks, but. You'd just spend it on booze... pot. Yeah, right. Try a new phone. This chick I know, Angelina, she's got this case and it's, like, pink and there's glitter and you tilt it and it, like, moves. Yeah? Yeah, it's really cool. Wait, wait. OK. Can I come back? And as for Philip fucking Burke, what a jackass. He struts around like some kind of world statesman, and nobody gives a fuck what he says. And then he tries to lecture me on peace in Asia. Who the FUCK do Australians think they are!? There's more people in Shanghai than in that entire shithole fucking... Forget China. America and Australia will be at war at this rate. That's not funny, Simon. You know, when governments use their intelligence agencies to deliberately leak out stuff like this, it totally undercuts why we're here. Doing whatever our governments tell us is exactly why we're here. You know, that is the kind of attitude that just really shits me. All we do is just point, click and kill people. But we save people. You know, 100 Australian soldiers would've died in the East Timor uprising if it wasn't for intel from Pine Gap. Did somebody get out of the wrong side of the bed this morning? Jeez. Hey, come on, guys. We're all fighting for the free world here. Hey, guys. Morning. Ooh-la-la. Talk about walk of shame. No-one pelted us with vegetables. The USS Bartlett is 18 hours from the Nine-Dash-Line. Washington hasn't decided yet if it'll cross into Chinese-claimed waters as a response to Beijing's provocation. If the Bartlett does cross, the Chinese government may choose to ignore it, let it sail on, or they may decide to sink it. Well, they're under huge pressure back home not to look weak, with 1.4 billion patriots breathing down their necks. So, we need to be ready. And while we know the location of China's conventional submarine fleet, ever since the Chinese military switched encryption several days ago, we have picked up no signals from any of their six nuclear-powered submarines. Given that they can stay below for weeks... ...they could be anywhere, including near, or already in, the South China Sea. Our tasking in this region just increased to priority 2. We need to know what their next move is and where those six subs are. Actually, Australia has some specific tasking today too. The energy talks in Doha. Australia wants to tie up an antenna on trade negotiations today? Canberra doesn't think Pine Gap's resources might be better deployed on more pressing matters? Rudi, given your President's outrageous comments about Australia and the Prime Minister, we think America should be sending us flowers and offering us make-up sex, not quibbling over a single COMINT antenna, to which we are entitled. Of course. If Australia thinks it's necessary. We do. This is a shared facility, Rudi. Yeah? Until a week ago, I might have agreed with you. As you can see, priority 2 task is now Chinese military comms, politburo comms, movement of conventional and nuclear-powered naval vessels. Any sign the PLA is getting ready for action. Now, whilst I'm on China, there is a base-wide alert off the back of President Kerr's highly offensive audio. We passed on that comment. The CIA knew Beijing had it. Calm down. Calm down. We know it was China. They sold it to some Japanese blogger. But given the media interest in the state of relations between the USA and Australia, Ethan and Kath are reminding all crews to be particularly vigilant whilst off base. If you see anything unusual, anyone tries to pump you for info, alert your manager. And I know I don't need to remind you of this, but I will anyway. Loose lips sink ships. Hopefully not the Bartlett. Not bloody funny. Hey. You haven't seen the cleaners, have you? I'm... spilling coffee all over my office. No. No. Ops not busy? Yeah. It is, actually. I've just got a bit of a headache. Alright. OK. Did anything happen? Did the malware alarm go off? No. Why? I was just down in the locker room and Deb walked in and I don't know how long she's been off the ops room floor. Why were you in the locker room? Well, I was... ...just checking to see if any of our POI's had an extra phone. Whoever put the malware in place... ...they need a phone to be able to get the stolen information off the base. You didn't think any of them would be foolish enough to use their own cells? I can't believe anyone would be foolish enough to leave incriminating evidence in their own locker. Well, you'd be surprised. The cleverest of us do the stupidest things. Searching their lockers was a very big risk, Rudi. And if I had found the extra phone... ...it would have been worth it. Missed. Anything interesting? Doha, Qatar, welcomes our honoured friends from China. We look forward to reaching an equitable price for Qatari liquid natural gas that suits both our great nations. Declaring a foreign preference? I know I'm the one who suggested you and Delic remain friends but this is taking selfless patriotism to a whole new level. As I understand it, the approval process is pretty standard. Not for someone with a sensitive compartmented information clearance. You show any signs of foreign influence, and the NSA will construe that as a conflict of interest and there goes your hard-earned SCI and your career. She's gone through Australia's highest security checks. And we're allies. We share practically everything with them. Practically. Yeah. Is Jasmina happy to be working with Americans? Of course. Good. Because to approve this, the NSA is gonna want to be sure she's not harbouring a secret grudge against America from her childhood in the Balkan war. Her parents were killed by Kosovars, not us. And I'm sure you won't let your feelings for her get in the way of your other obligations. Thanks. A couple of overgrown kids. If my son used language like that... Hi. G'day. I'd like to sign my son up for the under-10s, please. Sign away. Belle! Hey. Work at the base, do you? Pardon? The accent. Um, my husband does. He's a gardener. Go join them. Hi. Hi. So, that's the basketball fan, Yeah. With the blue cap. He looks good. He's got skills. You know, it's funny, isn't it? We've both been living in Alice for months but never met till now. We move in different circles. Mine's pretty small - it's kids, kids, kids. Yeah. Mine, too. Work, work, work. And how is your work? It's going well. Just, submitted a new proposal to the Central Land Council. All that talk seems to be worth it. I don't get to talk to anyone about anything anymore. What about your husband? You know, he's caught up in his job. My colleagues and I, we discuss, mine specs, geological data, price differentials. But if you mention art or politics, they look at me as if I'm from another planet. But with you... ...I feel I can say anything. Mommy, I'm thirsty. Here. Go. The recording, thought to be leaked from the President's hotel room in which President Kerr labelled Australian Prime Minister Philip Burke as a "jackass", has not yet been denied by the White House. The recording follows an increasingly heated rhetoric between President Kerr... Meeting the parents. Pardon? Skype. Yeah. Of course. Hi, Mr Thompson. It's nice to meet you in the flesh. Sort of. What's a pretty girl like you doing with a loser like my son? Gus has told me lots about West Virginia. It sounds very beautiful. Yeah. He doesn't come back here to visit too often. You know, Jasmina's a climber as well, Dad. And the other day, we went to this crag and we saw these cute little rock wallabies. What do you do, Jasmine? Jasmina. I'm an admin for the Australian Government. Office work? Then you two got plenty in common. Anniversary of your brother's graduation from the Academy soon. Yeah. I know. It must be hard. Your dad misses your brother a lot. He's the war hero. Anything happen on the floor while I was gone? Trade talks. China and Qatar haggling over the price Qatar wants for its liquid natural gas, but Australia wants China to buy our gas, not Qatar's. So, it helps to know what price the competition is asking. Exactly. Lucky Pine Gap is here to do commercial espionage. Just ensuring the ongoing stability of our economy. Wait. It's the 23rd today. Yeah. Thanks, Georgia. Kath. I see your little protege is still digging at every enigma she comes across. And now she's turned her attention to certain trade talks. Well, that's part of the tasking. What does she know? Enough that, given the slightest bump, the penny will fall into the slot. Now will you get rid of her? No. You seriously think the risk of Ethan and Rudi asking a few awkward questions outweighs the risk of what might happen if she keeps on snooping. From what I can see, she and Thompson have gone from friends with benefits to fucking picking out curtains. You think she's gonna be blinded by love. Not all of us are led by our fucking dicks, Jacob. She takes her promises seriously. What is it with you and A-crew, inviting them to barbies, making excuses for them? Just transfer Delic and the rest of the Aussies the fuck out of here already! Don't mess with the Australians and don't tell me how to do my job. Just because you don't understand, at a fundamental level, the meaning of loyalty, does not mean the rest of us don't. For fuck's sake. How's tricks? Fine. Are you gonna go for that job in Fort Meade? What job? Program Director in Communications. Most of the American MDs are talking about it. Not part of that club anymore. What? 'Cause of that drone strike? We know you got screwed over in the politics of it, but we all know that you made the right call. With the shit that's going down at the moment, the NSA'd be looking for someone not scared to take a hard decision, wouldn't they? Since when do you care about my career? Mate, I just thought you'd be a good fit. We're on the same side. Jas. What did he want? He was just messing with me. Moses? Moses. Hey. What do you want? Nothing. I just... Just hi. OK. Well, um, I'll... see you tomorrow. I don't... I don't mean to intrude. I take a walk this way. I... I've seen you. I take it you're not here to study the form. I'm not sure I should, even. Um... Have you noticed anything odd about... Moses? That's like asking me if I've noticed the sun rises in the east. Why? Have you? In, in EMINT... ...if you see even a small change on the surface, you know that it could indicate something bigger might have shifted underneath. Moses just bought a phone and a pink phone case. A pink phone case. With glitter. I... I wondered if maybe he's met someone. Or maybe he just bought it for himself. He's not frivolous. Then it's for a family member. He doesn't talk to his family. Then a friend. He doesn't have any friends, except maybe Gus. OK. So, maybe he met somebody. What's the problem? Mr Fox, a... a phone case like that is something you'd... you'd give a kid or a young girl, I... Did you hear, when he left Kath's party the other night, he said something about his entertainment beginning. He rather made a fool of you at the barbecue, didn't he? That's not why... With... with the POTUS thing, Jacob said that if we saw something, we should say something. I'm just trying to follow orders. Well... I'm not saying he's done anything, just that something about him is... odd. Alright. Leave it with me. OK. Thank you. How did you know I was home? All them security cameras don't turn you invisible. No. A new phone? Hey! My God. Well, I interfered with your earning capacity. It seemed only fair. This is the exact one... OK. You see what I'm talking about - how, like, when you tilt it... ...like, they move. That math trick. Who taught you that? I figured it out myself. Really? It wasn't school? No. I fucking hate school. Do you want to see something else that's cool? Yeah. Here. Put in a number. OK. How many digits? It doesn't matter. Just punch in any number you want. OK. Multiply it by three. Add 45. Double it. Divide it by six. Now subtract your original number. 15? Nice one, Professor. Was it to do with the multiplying? Yes. And the dividing by six. Takes your original number back to its original state. Yeah. Look. I'll show you. Alright. So, what's your favourite cocktail? Me, I'm a bourbon and Coke guy. Hello? Just it's the 23rd today and the Chief of Staff's email wanted the treaty decision delayed until the 23rd. Do you ever shut that thing off? No. I don't. Alright. Come on, then, out with it. Our government is pissed off at America but it doesn't want to walk away from the alliance, it's just too valuable. Way too valuable. But at the same time, we're desperate to secure that gas deal with China, which means we have to offer Beijing a lower price than Qatar because China always go for lower price, unless there's a sweet offered. If we couldn't undercut Qatar, we would have had to sign Beijing's treaty of neutrality to get them over the line. But today, which is the 23rd, we found out Qatar's price, so now we can undercut them, which means we don't have to sign the treaty, all thanks to Pine Gap. But if America had found out that you were even thinking of a treaty with China, I mean, this particular POTUS would have closed the base down faster than a speeding bullet. Yeah. Which would have forced us to sign on with China and try to survive without any of the intelligence we get from here. But now Australia gets the gas deal... ...and we keep our alliance with you guys... ...because the Lwin was killed before she could publish her totes explosive news. Are you suggesting Australia took down Flight BM-24? A couple of days ago, you were thinking it was China. I know. Which is still... Yeah. It's still just as likely, but... I don't know, that treaty staying secret worked out well for us too. Are you seriously accusing your own country of shooting down a passenger plane? That Shonguran gas deal is worth $200 billion. And I'm not accusing, I'm just analysing. The intel fits China just as well. Yeah. It does. Intelligence incomplete. Vodka and tonic, by the way. Ne! Ne! Jas? Jas? Sorry. Shh. Hey. Hey. Are you OK? Hey, what were you dreaming about? Sorry... I don't know. I'm sorry, I don't... I don't remember. You were speaking one of your eight languages. Nine, actually, if you count my schoolgirl French. What are you still doing up? Just couldn't sleep. See? We'll just slide it in right there. You know what time you'll be home? Afraid not. Dinner? I'll try. Andre! Come here. Not in the house. Go. Go get your shoes on. Hey. How was basketball? Good. He wants to go to the courts every day after school. How about you? You made some new friends too? Yeah. You know, talked to a few of the moms. Yeah, the guy from Shonguran. Yeah, we've said hello once or twice, so... OK. Well... Hey. ...you be careful with him, won't you? Why? What's the issue? Just... trust me. Will you, please, Belle? Go get your bag. Go. Trust you? Because you place so much trust in me. You knew when we married, there'd be things I couldn't discuss with you. Sure. But that doesn't mean you get to treat me like I'm a child. I don't treat you like you're a child. Yes, you do. I'm treating you like you're my wife! Yeah. She looks about 15. I suppose she could be older. As to whether they're having sex, well, call me a cynic but I can't imagine a 36-year-old mathematical savant from Iowa and her having very much to talk about. Can you? This has got to push Moses up the malware list. Assuming someone knows about their relationship and... is blackmailing him. Well, it didn't take Miss Eloise long to figure out something was going on. Morning. And we know, or we suspect, after Beijing's hack at Langley, that some of the Chinese in town are reading our personal files. Identify Moses... ...identify his weakness. I thought you'd picked the Delic girl as your prime suspect. Well... I have an open mind. Moses's record at Pine Gap is exemplary. My predecessor even had the rules changed so he'd be exempt from the two tours and out rule. Yeah. Well, all that means... - Morning. - Morning. All that means is that our resident genius has spent over a decade in the desert... ...without any kind of meaningful intimate relationship. Jacob? Yeah. I think I've got something. What am I looking at? I've been using my birds to take images of sections of the South China Sea taken at two-minute intervals. I'm still not seeing anything. If it's a calm sea, particular wave patterns form on the sea surface in response to a submarine passing under - small, transverse waves if it's travelling at low speed, more obvious longitudinal ones if it's travelling faster. There are six sets travelling in a straight line. Shit. What's the geo? Most recent image geo to 7.21 north, 110.55 east. Smack-bang in the path of the Bartlett. Deb, how far is the Bartlett from the Nine-Dash-Line? 370 kilometres, 200 nautical miles. It's approaching from the south-west. Alright. Bring it up. Pentagon, this is Alice. Imagery has identified the probable location of the six Chinese submarines. Thank you, Alice. Geolocation for the vessels? Currently it's 7.21 north, 110.55 east. 7.21 north, 110.55 east. Thank you, Alice. Please forward existing imagery and continue to monitor for emerging SIGINT. Roger that. Get everything to the Pentagon. OK. We have the probable location for target submarines. Looks like China is meeting the Bartlett head-on. Don't they know this could start a war? Come on, Deb, it's a chance to use Pine Gap for Australia again? Right? So if there is a war with China, guess who'll be fighting on America's side? Their most trusted friend and ally - us. Ain't alliances grand, mate? Rest for a second? Yeah? What is it? There's something I think that America should know. What about? Australia. They shot down Flight BM-24 to keep secret that they'd been negotiating a treaty of neutrality... ...with China. The Bartlett is almost at the Nine-Dash Line. The Commander in Chief is deciding whether to send it on in to meet those Chinese subs. Wants us to find out what the Chinese plan to do if he does. You want to know what I think? If you breach their territorial claim, China will torpedo the Bartlett and 5,500 American sailors will lose their lives, which is guaranteed to calm the situation right down. The Chinese launched that EMP first. Sending in an aircraft carrier is a proportionate response. I know. Where things have got, you don't have a choice. But nor does China, hence... it was either an afternoon working off my anxieties on the treadmill or come and have a ciggie. Shit, Ethan. How did we let it get to this? Not our play to make. More's the pity. You know... ...there are three ways to play any game. A, plan your moves so far in advance... ...your opponent can't predict them. B, make your opponent watch what you're doing with one hand... ...while your other is busy with your real game plan. Or, C, play your cards very, very close to your chest. Sometimes all you can do is wait... ...until your opponent makes the next move. Yeah. And be ready. Alright. Swap antennas - C2, C3, C4 to the port of Hainan. Jas? All other available receivers search for and geo any signals from those subs. Jas? If they as much as... What? Something you should know. What? I love you. If Australia did join America in military action against China... China doesn't need to invade us to bring us to our knees. Tough choice. I knew it was a mistake to let you stay here. Hey. Wait. Wait. And as for Philip fucking Burke, what a jackass. I'm happy you came. Me, too. I have something for you. I thought you'd like it. I do. I've applied for a job at Fort Meade. What? So, what do you say to moving Stateside? Rudi, it's happening! Target tracker for a JS-7 Chinese surface-to-air missile. There's a hostile missile in the vicinity of your fighters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 