Unearthed: Season 6, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Unearthed 
 s6e8 - Ghosts of the Wild West - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Unearthed (2016–…): Season 6, Episode 8 - Ghosts of the Wild West - full transcript 
 The gunfight at Tombstone's OK Corral turned Wyatt Earp into an American folk hero, and to find what really happened here, experts use the newest tech to discover what caused the fatal ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tombstone, arizona. Site of the legendary shootout at the o.K. Corral. Today, this is a quiet law-abiding town... With few surface signs of what makes tombstone So notorious in wild west history. What really happens here 140 years ago, and why? Everything you've seen about the city of tombstone In the movies and on television is completely wrong. Now new evidence from secret tunnels Can reveal what triggers The spectacular rise and catastrophic fall 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Of the ultimate frontier town. We're down 100 feet right now below the surface. And modern-day weapons analysis can expose the truth Behind the wild west's most famous gunfight. With all those 30 rounds shot in 28 or so seconds, Why only three people killed? To solve tombstone's mysteries, We'll deconstruct the streets of this wild west town To uncover hidden fortunes And break down the o.K. Corral gunfight Second by second, shot by shot... To unearth the true story Of this frontier outpost's most famous moment. UNEARTHED - SEASON 6 EP - 8 - Ghosts of the Wild West 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 In the heart of arizona's high desert Sits the ultimate wild west town... Tombstone. It's the site of the most famous gunfight in cowboy history... The shootout at the o.K. Corral. But what's the truth behind the tale? Today, investigators Are examining new facts behind the legend And how it affects the fortunes of this frontier town. For 140 years, the legend of tombstone Has overshadowed the true facts and the true story. To be quite honest, that true story Is so much more interesting Than anything hollywood has put out to date. The story of tombstone begins in 1877, As pioneering settlers push forward the american frontier. In only three years, They turn a barren plateau into a boom town... ...That boasts grand theaters, a bowling alley, 14 churches and gambling halls... And over 100 saloons. A horse stable called the o.K. Corral Becomes the site of the most famous shootout In the wild west. The deadly duel catapults tombstone to instant fame That lasts to this day. But nearly a century and a half since the bloodshed, What's the truth behind the legend? City historian don taylor wants to find out. But finding tombstone's original locations Requires detective work... Because two major fires Destroyed most of the town's earliest buildings. The fire in 1881 Actually started right across the street here. It started when a bartender Went to check a barrel of whiskey To see if it had soured. He stuck his head in there with a lit cigar in his mouth, And... Boom. The o.K. Corral Is just one of the businesses that burns, So is there any hope of finding this legendary location today? Luckily, one crucial remnant of pre-fire tombstone Still remains... The street plan. What you see today is exactly the same layout That was here when wyatt earp and doc holliday Were here in the 1880s. You're walking the same streets That all these famous men walked on. Don uses an original map To match up 1880s tombstone with today's buildings, Searching for the site of the o.K. Corral. You've got the oriental saloon here, The crystal palace saloon here, Different saloons and restaurants and stores Right along here. The hardware store here. And as we head down allen street, Here is the o.K. Corral on the map, Which is right across the street from where I'm sitting now. When a visitor would come to tombstone, They would check their horse, if you will. Stables and corrals were the parking lots of the day. They would take their horses and put them in here. According to legend, The infamous gunfight unfolds on allen street, Outside the o.K. Corral. But no guns are fired here. Inside the corral, The open space is perfect for a shootout. But no shots are fired here, either. The true location of the gunfight Is behind the corral in a narrow, vacant lot. Here, lawmen and outlaws are poised barely 10 feet apart For the most famous 30 seconds in wild west history. But if the gunfight didn't even take place in the corral, What else might be myth? To find out, researchers need to start at the beginning, To unearth what triggers the town's notorious shootout. Nancy sosa examines the town's newspapers In search of answers. Her research overturns one big hollywood myth... That gunfights are a constant feature Of tombstone's early days. People think of tombstone, And they think that we were a violent community And there was a death every day. One of the most famous sayings Is tombstone had a man for breakfast every morning. Well, if that was the case, Then we wouldn't have had a population. Innocent people were not being killed every day. But nancy's analysis of newspaper obituaries Shows that there is a marked spike in violent deaths In tombstone in a two-year period, Coinciding with when the o.K. Corral gunfight Claims its three victims. There's approximately 27 people Who died from gunshot wounds Or knife wounds or murder... 27 to 30 people That die by interesting means in that short period of time. This spike in violence Causes panic among the law-abiding Businesspeople of tombstone. And they couldn't have chaos. They couldn't have what was going on. The city records reveal that around this time, Virgil earp, a member of one of the most famous Families in wild west history, Is appointed tombstone's marshal. The five earp brothers are born Into a farming family in the midwest. Like many americans at the time, They leave home and follow their fortunes, Chasing money and the expanding frontier. By 1880, the earp brothers reach tombstone. They make money running saloons and dealing cards. But three of the brothers have higher aspirations... To become men of the law. The men who hire the earps Are desperate to restore calm to tombstone's streets. The scene is set for the most famous gunfight In wild west history. The earps' backers are the town's biggest business owners. They were the ones that were responsible For tombstone's lifeblood... Silver. What role does silver play In tombstone's legendary gunfight? And what could a hidden tunnel beneath the town's grand hotel Reveal about tombstone's rapid rise from the desert? Tombstone is the ultimate wild west town. The legendary location of a 30-second shootout... The gunfight at the o.K. Corral... ...The most notorious incident in an outbreak of violent deaths In and around the town. But what triggers this carnage? A big clue lies buried beneath the town's main street. Beneath big nose kate's saloon Is the basement of the old grand hotel, Sitting on the entrance to a mysterious tunnel That burrows deep into the bedrock. It's only one of the many passageways Crisscrossing 300 miles under tombstone. Their purpose? To access tons of precious silver buried beneath the town. How does tombstone turn hard rock into hard cash? Historical mining expert robert davenport Investigates the silver rush That transforms the barren plateau Into a boom town. It all starts with prospector ed schieffelin In 1877. He decides to survey for silver in dangerous apache territory, Sparking a warning from locals. They told him, "the only stone You're ever gonna find out there is your own tombstone." Well, that's what he named his first claim when he found it. Some of the rocks he probably found On the surface were the chrysocolla. Chrysocolla is usually an indicator Of copper, lead, zinc, silver, and gold. So this is probably what ed was looking for. Once ed confirms the rocks contain silver, He digs tombstone's first mine. Okay. This is the silver that they were looking for. What they would do is they would follow the ore bodies. Using basic tools, Miners chase the seams of ore wherever they lead. Back in the day when ed schieffelin was down here, This was before they had hardhats, Before they had lamps, so what they would do Is they would use a candlestick holder, Put it into the wall, put the candle in, And these are the tools of the trade back in the day. This is a drill steel... 130 years old... And a 4-pound sledgehammer. So it was a major process getting this done. Tombstone's miners work 10-hour shifts. They chisel holes in the tunnel walls Then fill them with dynamite. After the blasting... ...It takes a couple of hours for the dust to settle Before the next crew clear away the ore. They load the ore into carts And run it back up to the surface for processing. Massive silver mills then refine the ore Into giant 180-pound ingots, Impossible for thieves to easily snatch. Everything in this mine that you walk through, You go through, that's void, was silver. Tombstone's rich ore-bearing rocks Produce over 1,000 tons of pure silver. Some of it was so dense, It actually assayed out at over $8,000 to the ton of silver. So it made it some of the richest in the united states. Why does the silver spark the trouble That culminates in the o.K. Corral gunfight? Metal worker spencer edgerton is an expert in silver... And why there is so much demand for the metal At this particular time. It is relatively rare, and it was valued worldwide, And, of course, it can be polished to a really high luster. So those made it valuable in jewelry. Spencer demonstrates What makes silver so sought after. What we're doing today is casting silver Using the sand-casting method of casting. Inside of this container is silver. We're gonna be heating it up to probably close to 2,000 degrees And pouring it into this mold. Like gold, silver is a relatively inert metal. You can see it's already starting to melt. It doesn't corrode quickly, Making it perfect to turn into coins. At this time, silver forms the basis of the u.S. Currency, So demand for these silver dollars is huge. In just four years, tombstone's mines produce silver Worth the equivalent of nearly a billion dollars today. A dusty desert town Becomes a rich, sophisticated metropolis. But the wealth and prosperity Also attracts troublemaking outlaws to the frontier town... ...Sparking conflict with mine owners Determined to protect their untapped fortunes. Buried underground Is the ultimate result of this conflict... The victims of the carnage at the o.K. Corral. Tombstone, arizona, Booms on the back of its silver mines. But the town's fame today Comes from the legendary gunfight at the o.K. Corral. Can evidence hidden in this graveyard Reveal who was actually fighting and why? This was tombstone's first city cemetery, And it started in 1880. By 1884, it was full. This is boothill cemetery, So-called because many buried here die with their boots on. Historian don taylor investigates what this place Can reveal about the true story of the o.K. Corral. This cemetery fell into complete disrepair. In fact, at one point in time, this was the garbage dump. We have no records of who's buried really where. On the surface, the cemetery holds few clues, But the story belowground is very different. Tombstone's legendary boothill is the resting place For more than 250 of the town's dead. Many are killed in cold blood, Murdered in acts of revenge, Or victims of affairs that turn sour. Among the dead, three cowboys... 28-year-old tom mclaury... 32-year-old frank mclaury... And 19-year-old billy clanton... The three victims of the gunfight at the o.K. Corral. But who are they, and how do they end up Dying on the streets of tombstone? Don taylor searches for answers in cochise county, The vast scrubland that surrounds the city. In the 1880s, it's the lair Of a particular breed of men... The cowboys. Although mining was the primary economic factor In cochise county back in the day, As you can see, with the wide open land that we have here, Ranching also played a key factor. Today I'm outside of tombstone And looking at the different types of country Where the cowboy ranches would have been back then. The word "cowboy" today Means almost anyone associated with cattle in the wild west, But in this part of arizona, It refers to members of a very specific gang Indelibly associated with the o.K. Corral gunfight. The word "cowboy" in cochise county in the 1880s Meant an outlaw. The cowboys specialize in one particular crime... International cattle theft. They form raiding parties And sneak across the mexican border 25 miles south of tombstone. Under cover of darkness, they drive cattle Back across the border, avoiding stiff import taxes. The cowboys fatten up their illicit herds On the grasslands around tombstone And sell them for a hefty profit. Much of the meat ends up in tombstone. The butchers and restaurants don't ask questions About the source of their steaks. And as the town of tombstone grows, There's an insatiable demand for the cowboys' stolen beef. The demand for beef in tombstone was growing As exponentially as the population. The butchers would buy their beef For less than market value Because, obviously, the cowboys had nothing invested in it Other than a few days of rustling. But mexican ranchers start to shoot cowboys on sight. So the outlaws are forced To steal cattle closer to tombstone, Setting them on a path that will eventually Trigger the gunfight at the o.K. Corral. But the cowboys face a problem. A brand marks each cow That shows which specific ranch they belong to. So to steal cattle successfully, The cowboys have to create a top-secret tool, A way to change one brand into another. Metal worker pete brown is going to forge This illicit instrument known as a running iron. They were very dangerous tools to carry around If you were a rustler because it's obvious What you were up to... Stealing cattle... And being caught in possession of a running iron Might lead to you hanging from a tree. It's a delicate operation. The tool has to be small enough to conceal from lawmen... ...Yet versatile enough To change almost any brand into another existing brand. I'm making the business end of the running iron. This has to be slightly thinner So that it matches the existing brand on the cattle. And that's a completed running iron. Now pete puts his finished tool to the test. First he brands a piece of wood with an original "u" brand. Next, he uses the running iron To create a modified "7-up" brand. First thing I'm gonna do is put the wings on the "u" To make it into a flying "u" brand. Now I'm gonna adapt the flying "u" into a "7-up." If I was doing that on the cattle, Nobody would ever know where those cattle came from. Cowboys use running irons just like this To disguise stolen cattle as non-local brands. But when they come to tombstone to sell their illicit meat, They bring trouble... ...Spending ill-gotten gains In brothels, bars, and gambling dens... ...Sparking much of the violent behavior That threatens the prosperity of the silver mines. Don taylor believes tensions Between rich mine owners and the out-of-town cowboys Boil over on October 26, 1881. A group of cowboys gather in a vacant lot Behind the o.K. Corral. They're openly carrying weapons, in violation of local law. In accordance to city ordinance number 9, It was illegal to carry guns in tombstone back then. Marshal virgil earp confronts the cowboys. Alongside him are three deputies... His brothers morgan and wyatt earp... And legendary gunslinger doc holliday. People saw they had guns in their hands, And they knew something was about to happen. What triggers the first shot? And once the carnage begins... ...How does anyone escape alive? Tombstone's legendary gunfight at the o.K. Corral Is the most famous 30 seconds in wild west history. But what really happens during this iconic shootout? Local historian don taylor Wants to separate fact from fiction. In hollywood, it's always a beautiful sunny day. That day, it was cloudy, cold, blowing rain and snow. The lawmen... Three earp brothers, plus doc holliday... Spot six outlaws... Billy clanton and his brother... Two mclaury brothers... And two other members of the cowboy gang... In an 18-foot-wide vacant lot. The lawmen confront the armed outlaws. Initially there were 10 men and 2 horses in this space. Virgil said, "throw up your hands, boys. I want your guns." And then all hell broke loose. As they square off, Cowboys outnumber lawmen six to four... And virgil earp is armed only with a walking stick. Before a shot is fired, two cowboys flee. Virgil swaps his walking stick for a hidden pistol, Evening the odds. As shots start to fly, a third cowboy escapes. Cowboy tom mclaury can't reach his rifle, Making it four against two. 28 seconds later, three men are dead. But how do four people manage to survive the carnage? At this shooting range near phoenix, Historic weapons expert win ames Investigates how most of the gunfighters Escape with their lives. What does come to mind is, With all those 30 rounds shot in 28 or so seconds, Why only three people killed? Win believes the gunfighters' shooting style May hold a clue. With all the lead flying around and all the activity going on And the fear of death at any second, I don't believe anyone really took the time to aim and fire. They were grabbing their pistols, and they were shooting. Pull pistol, shoot. You're pointing it at the target. You're not aiming it at the target. That's the big difference. The shooters are going to investigate The difference in accuracy Between point firing and aimed firing. First, the shooter fires five shots Pointing at the target from waist height. He hit once out of five shots. Now, if someone was shooting back at him, Like they had at the o.K. Corral, He wouldn't have hit even once. Next, the shooter uses the gun's sight To line up his target. He hit the target five out of five shots. In the rush to return fire, It's likely no one takes the time to aim properly. And win believes basic chemistry Can shed more light on why so many shots miss. In 1881, the only powder available was gunpowder, Or what we call today black powder. Until the beginning of the 20th century, Most pistols use this chemical mixture. This is black powder. This is an explosive. What we want to show you is what happens By pouring a little gunpowder on this steel plate And lighting it. - Okay, guys. Ready? - Ready. One, two, three, go. That was 30 shots In I'm gonna guess less than 28 seconds. Got a little smoke on that one, didn't it? The shootout takes place in a cloud of smoke. Accurate aiming is extremely difficult. It's no longer a surprise That four out of seven shooters survived the short-range battle. But it's the three cowboys who die... And the lawmen who emerge as gunfighting heroes. They all survive. Do the earps deserve their legendary reputation? Or do they just get lucky? Tombstone's gunfight at the o.K. Corral. Four lawmen, including wyatt earp and doc holliday, Shoot it out with six outlaws from the cowboy gang. Three die... all cowboys. Do the lawmen deserve their reputation As legendary gunslingers? Of the 30 shots fired in the vacant lot, Up to 7 hit the cowboys. Three bullets strike billy clanton. They hit his wrist... His stomach... And, fatally, his heart. Frank mclaury reportedly gets hit in the stomach... The chest... And with a lethal shot to the brain. Tom mclaury ends up on the wrong end Of doc holliday's shotgun. The buckshot blows a hand-sized hole in his chest, Killing him instantly. All the lawmen survive. Is this due to luck or great gunfighting? At this shooting range near phoenix, Win ames investigates whether the lawmen deserve Their great reputation. A key factor in their favor is their choice of weapon. Initially concealed in his long coat, Doc holliday is carrying a shotgun. Let's look at the difference in patterns. This is a shotgun blast. This is also a shotgun blast. Now, if we move over here to these other target, These are revolver blasts. That's why a lot of lawmen carried shotguns... Primarily because you can barely point it In the right direction, And the chances of hitting your target are excellent. His choice of weapon means doc holliday Instantly kills cowboy tom mclaury. At the o.K. Corral, it was very tight quarters, So a shotgun was an excellent choice. Three of the lawmen are also shot, But could the position of their wounds be evidence Of superior gunfighting skill? Morgan earp, for example, took a shot That went between his shoulder blade and the skin, Past across his back, and out the other side. Morgan's unusual injury... A single bullet through both shoulder blades... May be the result of a deliberate shooting posture. He would have had his pistol forward... And he would have had his right foot forward, as well, Which turns his body. Now, at this point, his body is gonna be at an angle In such the bullet would be at a straight angle To come straight across his back. A sideways stance presents a smaller target, Protecting vital organs. Thanks to a potentially superior stance And their better weapon choice, the lawmen emerge victorious. A month-long hearing before a judge Clears the earps of any wrongdoing. But the cowboy gang want revenge. In December 1881, They set up an ambush to kill virgil earp... ...Who, miraculously, survives his injuries. In March 1882, They shoot morgan earp in a tombstone saloon. Despite efforts to save him, he dies that evening. Enraged by the shootings, Wyatt earp kills four cowboys in vengeance. He then flees tombstone, never to return. But does this end the violence in tombstone And swap chaos for the stability the silver mine owners crave? Researcher nancy sosa Investigates what happens immediately afterwards. After wyatt's vendetta ride for the assassination Of his brother morgan, The town needed to get back to normal. They needed to represent That they were a metropolis in the desert. They needed the silver investors for the silver mines. This is the cochise county courthouse. Its construction starts 10 months after the gunfight. The grand brick structure is a deliberate copy Of imposing east coast buildings. The courthouse is synonymous with law and order. It showed how far tombstone came as a community. We went from being a village of shacks and tents To being adobe structures and subsequently brick buildings. The courthouse symbolizes the end of an era. Justice no longer comes from the barrel of a gun. The cowboy gang breaks up. Tombstone regains stability and prosperity. But can the town survive A greater threat to its survival... One that imperils the money-making mines themselves? Tombstone, arizona. The gunfight behind the o.K. Corral Triggers the downfall of the outlaw cowboy gang. The town's silver industry thrives in the aftermath. But tombstone's population today Is a fraction of its early years. Why? Mining historian robert davenport Searches for clues in the old silver-mining area South of the town. What we're doing now is we're opening up Several of the other mines. It's pretty neat being down here and seeing things That people haven't seen for decades And in places where people haven't been in decades. In the same year as the o.K. Corral gunfight, Miners make a surprising discovery In one of the deeper mine shafts. Matter of fact, they were clear down To the 520-foot level. They actually started hitting water. It starts as a trickle of water. It's fantastic news, at first. Water softens the rock, making it easier to mine. But a trickle turns into a flood. Water starts slowly coming up. Well, then they realize that they had hit a water table And they were gonna have to do something with it. To keep the money flowing, Mine owners order two giant pumps. Each extracts half a million gallons of water every day. The pumps work 24/7, keeping tombstone's mines dry... ...And allowing miners to dig deeper and deeper. The mine owners even find a way To turn the water into greater profit. North of tombstone lies superstition mountain, Home to an historic mega machine. This is a 20-stamp mill. The purpose of a stamp mill is to crush ore So that we can get at the precious minerals Trapped inside that ore, to refine it further. Everything on here is heavy and dangerous. Ken grieger's team has rebuilt this mill To a working state. He knows how vital water is to this monster machine. As soon as the mill is up and running, Water flushes over silver ore as it's being crushed. The stamp will crush it until it's ready, And then the water will push it out of the mortar box Into our collection trough. After the stamps, chemicals and heat Separate out the precious silver. Water was very important, Not only in operating the machine, But in operating the power source, Which was a wood-fired steam engine. They needed water to, of course, feed the boiler To keep this machine running. Processing a ton of ore Requires over 1,000 gallons of water. So, when water is discovered in tombstone, Plans are made to build stamp mills right beside the mines. But disaster strikes. In may 1886, a fire starts above a mineshaft. It quickly spreads, Setting alight a steam engine and hoist And destroying the huge water pump. With the city illuminated by flame, The residents of tombstone can only watch As fire consumes the most productive mine in the area. But then another disaster. In 1900, the u.S. Government Stops using silver as a form of currency. The metal's value plummets. Thousands leave the boom town. They had to shut down the mines, And that pretty much shut down tombstone. To this day, the mines lie dormant, But current estimates suggest Two-thirds of tombstone's silver Still lies untapped beneath the ground. Tombstone is still sitting on silver. Silver was used for a lot of things back in the day, But today it's used for electronics, used for medicine, Used for many different things. And what can it be used for in the future? We don't know, but tombstone's sitting on the silver. This sleepy town lies waiting for a chance To recapture the wealth and buzz of its wild west days. Until then, tombstone, the town too tough to die, Holds a powerful place in america's history... A boom town built on silver And home of the shootout at the o.K. Corral, The most famous 30 seconds in the wild west. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 