CHiPs: Season 3, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 CHiPs 
 s3e11 - The Watch Commander - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 CHiPs (1977–1983): Season 3, Episode 11 - The Watch Commander - full transcript 
 The new watch commander visits Central and begins hassling everyone for violating minor regulations. Even Getraer does not agree with the reprimands. The CHP is looking for thieves stealing trucks from loading docks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 'and these are the figure eight cars' 'moving out here on the course.' 'One of the wildest, most exciting types of shows' 'you'll ever see.' 'Cars come into the intersection.' 'This is where the excitement is.' 'Then we've got a south turn.' 'We've got a north turn.' 'Then the battle is right here at the crossover.' 'We're just moments away of getting underway here' 'for the main event. This will be for a total of 25 laps.' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'Cars are lined up and just about set to go' 'here for the main event.' Okay, go get 'em, Ponch! 'Out of the south turn, here they come.' 'The starter looks them over.' 'We got a green and we're racing.' 'Coming over here out of the turn' 'the number 65 car is starting to move it out.' 'Right in behind is car number 27' 'Billy The Kid Wakefield.' 'The battle is on and they all scramble' 'for positions here into the back.' 'Moving up through the pack' 'it's the number 32 car of Frank Poncherello.' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'Look at this.' 'Makes his way over wide here to the outside' 'as he picks off one car, coming up here' 'out of the north turn.' 'Still in there and moving up for that leader' 'you've got a wild three car battle going.' 'Two more cars are starting to move it up.' 'Still in there, Billy The Kid in his number 27 car.' 'And starting to move up through the pack' 'it's Frank Poncherello in car number 32.' 'Back here in the pack, there's an awful wild' 'struggling battle going on with these cars cutting in and out' 'back and forth as they all try to pick it up' 'one more position.' 'Down into the north turn we go. The cars are still there.' 'The sign is out, we've got a bad spot on the track' 'but the battle still goes on.' 'Through the pack, the number 44 car' 'of Bones Bateman is really on the move.' 'Look at this as he cuts it down around on the inside.' 'Pouring it on. Here it is. Look here.' 'He's taking it way wide up around out of that turn' 'as he rolls that number 44, the rest of the traffic' 'all jamming right here into the crossover.' Attaboy, Ponch. Sock it to 'em. Attaboy. 'Going into about lap number 14' 'it's gonna be a wild, wild scramble to the end.' 'Frank Poncherello in the number 32 car' 'carries that 11 way wide out to the outside' 'as they come out of that north turn.' 'Whoa, look at this, moving down into the inside' 'he made it, just barely plowing it through.' 'Bones Bateman in his forty.. Whoa!' 'He just made it in that number 44 car.' 'Frank Poncherello still moving that number 32..' '...for the number 11 car.' 'But here's gonna be your battle' 'with the number 44 car slowly closing it up here' 'on number 32 driven by Frank Poncherello.' 'Wow! Look at that.' 'Barely misses through the intersection.' 'Here the power goes again' 'as we head down here into that north turn.' 'Here's the straightaway wide. Look at this.' 'Coming down in close right in there tight' 'is Bones Bateman, number 44.' 'Here comes Frank Poncherello, as he moves out' 'and he takes over the lead.' 'It looks like Bones Bateman is in trouble..' '...slams it into the wall here at the start-finish line.' 'The flag is out, the tow trucks will be moving' 'over here in just a moment to take that number 44 car' 'of Bones Bateman back to the boneyard.' 'When the track is clear, we'll get back to racing.' 'Alright, here is the green flag and we are back to racing.' 'Down they come now out of the turn.' 'Frank Poncherello is still leading..' - Leakage. The doggone throttle leakage. Do you believe it? Yeah. Maybe next time, huh? 'Frank Poncherello, the leader, here in that number 32 car.' 'Around the turn, they start to swing' 'moving it down into the inside.' 'Look at that maneuver here by the number 32 car..' Attaboy, Ponch! Yay! '...slowly closing in on fearless Frank Poncherello.' 'It's gonna be Billy The Kid Wakefield' 'if they can hang on to it.' 'Whoa. Down into the inside, a slam, a bang.' 'Shoves him wide to the outside' 'and he spins over there in that number 32.' 'It's all over for Frank Poncherello' 'in that number 32 car.' 'Billy The Kid Wakefield, number 27' 'takes the checkered flag for the win.' Did you see what that turkey did to me? Talk about bush-league driving, man. Yeah, well, uh, sort of. Hey, thanks a lot, guys. - I could've won that heat, man. - Hey, wait a minute, A.J. Foyt. That's not why we're here. Remember? Yeah, I know. Well, did you come up with anything? I think it's time for us spies to come out of the cold. Now, wait a minute. I gotta go talk to the winner first. - I'll be right back. - Alright. Congratulations. You knocked out. Well, if it isn't good old number 32. King of the road hogs. Lady, when it comes to hogging the road you don't take a backseat to anybody. Well, remember that and stay out of my way. Maybe next time, I'll run you off the track myself. If that's a warning, I got one for you. If there is a next time.. ...I'm gonna be waiting for you. First you have to catch me. Oh, sarge, a hot dog at this time in the morning? - Yuck. - Hey, protein's protein. Come on. You guys are late. Well, uh, we overslept a little bit. Yeah, when we work undercover, we sleep late. You get it, undercover? I thought we had a handball game half an hour ago. You're on duty, and so are you guys. Do you mind if we conduct a little, uh, undercover business? Hey, are you starting to feel like James Bond? I am. First of all, what did you guys find out though? Nothing, none of the stolen auto parts match up with the computer printout. If somebody's working a stolen auto parts ring out of Ascot it's news to us. I'll throw it back to Auto Theft. Okay, new subject. How would you guys like to stay right where you are? You mean, undercover? - I'm talking Drug Enforcement. 'They'd sure like to borrow you guys.' - Cocaine. They got an anonymous tip. Since you guys already have a solid cover.. - Okay. Hey, Wanda. Let's not forget your best customer here, huh? Looks like Bones is reliving the race all over again. Man, I still can't believe that nine years ago that dude drove in the Indianapolis 500. Yeah, I know. Hey, a couple drafts, okay? Thank you. Hey, uh, excuse me, partner, but, uh.. ...I gotta go review a few rules of the road with a certain rank beginner. He's on his way to see me? Alright. I'll be waiting. Fine. Then I'm leaving now. Hi. I'm Ponch. Remember me? The certain, uh, road hog, uh, who's lucky to be alive. - Hi. - Um, hey, listen. You know, I was thinking that, uh-- Please. You'll have to excuse me. Hey, hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute. - Sorry. Some other time. Hey, Ponch, I got me a real winner here. I guarantee it. Attaway, Bones. Believing is half the battle. - Hey, Bates. - Hey! I'm back. Come on, girls. Let's get in gear. Well, think hard. It will come to you. Baker. Yeah, Jon Baker. - Yeah, that's right. Good. See you out there. Hey, there you go. Drink hard. Hey, thank you. Are you a friend of this cowboy? Oh, uh, I knew him in high school. Chet Lindford. Pretty good athlete until he got kicked out of school. - Yeah. As I recall, they hushed it up faster than you say, uh "My old man's a federal judge." - Nobody knows. Whatever it was, they sure put it to rest in a hurry. It's kind of interesting, huh? Well, the jails are full of rich kids. Old cynic that I am. Well, ready to eat a little dust in the Trophy Sprint. My, my, my, if it isn't the velvet sledgehammer. You didn't answer my question. Well, if you're talking fair and square I'll be happy to help you play out your innermost fantasies. 'Out of the turn, Frank Poncherello in number 32 car.' 'Here he comes heading out for the intersection.' 'The number 11 car really trying to make up..' 'But is also walking that number 32 car of Frank Poncherello.' 'Over here out of this turn, into the south turn' 'as they move again through the intersection..' '...in a full crossed-up slide. Look at this.' 'From out of the turn, Frank Poncherello.' 'Now moving up, here comes Bones Bateman in that number 65 car' 'along with Billy The Kid Wakefield, number 27.' '65, both of them carry it through the..' 'Whoa. A little bit of a touch.' 'Making good time through the intersection. Look at this.' 'Back here in the pack, the number 65 car' 'Bateman is right up there challenging that number 32.' 'Frank Poncherello still holding him off' 'as they go through the intersection.' Attaboy, come on, come on. 'Over into the south turn' 'we go, and it's the 65 car has moved around' 'with Poncherello in number 32. Look at this.' 'As they dive down into the south turn' 'both cars right in there battling it' 'right down to the wire.' 'Trying to move it up and..' 'Whoa! Not another crash.' 'Right there in the intersection.' 'That's what we told you where the excitement is' 'right here at the crossover.' 'Bones Bateman has done it again in the number 65 car.' 'The tow trucks moving out to clean up the debris' 'and it looks like Bones Bateman goes back' 'to the boneyard again.' 'Okay, we're back to the green flag.' 'Here it is. The battle is on again.' 'Frank Poncherello still holding out there with the lead' 'but look at this, up into the inside' 'Billy The Kid Wakefield in that number 27 car' 'shoots to the cross and takes the lead.' 'As we come down here into the final laps' 'Poncherello moves it back in there..' Attaboy, Ponch! '...smokes in, going right on by' 'to move out here into the lead.' 'Wow. Did he make a wild one going by that number 27?' 'There it is again, it's the checkered flag..' Whoo, attaboy! '...picks up the win in the number 32 car.' Attaboy, Ponch. Whoo! Now that was racing. Yeah, but you gotta hand it to Billy. She gave you all you could handle, huh? Yeah, and, uh, seeing as we're $100 richer the least I could do is buy the lady.. ...a little dinner. I'll be right back. Hey, Billy. You were beautiful out there. The best. Ponch, listen, uh, I'm sorry. I, uh.. I don't have time to talk, okay? Hey, Jon, see that guy with Billy? He looks familiar to you? Yeah, I think, uh, Randy Carnell. That's the guy involved in that big land Yup, with a list of priors a mile long everything from drug possession to assault and battery. I saw him last night, but I couldn't be sure. I'd say your friend keeps some pretty strange company. Going Russia. - I got it. - Good, let her rip. 'Nice shot.' Got ya. Tell your partner about that shot. He'll never believe it. Hey, you guys mind if we take a break? That's the best suggestion I've heard all day. Now, you were saying before I so, uh, rudely interrupted-- Yeah, I don't know if, uh, you'd call it a lead or not but, uh, there happens to be one driver that seems to be pretty tight with one Randy Carnell. Yeah, I've heard of him. He's got all sorts of connections. Yeah, well, the driver happens to be a girl, uh Billy Wakefield. That's all we know about her. Billy Wakefield. Well, it's worth checking out. - Yeah. One high roller by the name of Chet Lindford. You check on him with the chief of police in Sheridan, Wyoming. Wyoming? That's where you're from. Yeah, I knew him well. Two names? That's all you got? Well, unless Drug Enforcement might be interested in a couple of notorious, uh, litterbugs. I think you and Poncherello better get cooking. Yeah, what Joe's trying to say is more stuff is hitting the street now than ever. Look, Grossman, I know what I'm trying to say. My serve. May I have the ball, please? Service. - Good shot. - Hey, got you. Hey, Bones. Good luck for a change, huh? Hey, Billy, don't mess up the jack too much. It just heats those tanks. 'The cars are starting to move out here on the track.' 'This will be heat number two' 'going for a total of eight laps.' - Zilch. You know, if Billy doesn't want anybody to know who she is she's got it down to a science. Her pit area is clean as a whistle. You? I spent all afternoon on the phone. The only Billy Wakefield listed in any other driving associations is this 53-year-old dude who was killed in a plane crash five years ago. 'Alright, here they come. The flag is out.' 'Here we go with heat race number two.' 'Bones Bateman is in number 115.' 'Really doing it here tonight' 'moving up towards the front of the pack.' 'Billy The Kid is also right in there with him.' 'Now let's see as they go down here into the turn..' Hey. - Well, Bones is right up there. - Yeah, for a change. '...here they come again and they start to swing down.' 'Bones Bateman is on the drive here tonight.' 'Wakefield.. Whoa.' 'We got one right in the intersection' 'and Bones swipes it again.' 'He got it hard, but it's still rolling' 'he crashed it into the 3 car.' 'Both are back and running. We got a fire.' 'Look at that. It's on fire.' 'The 115 car of Bones Bateman..' No, don't! Don't! Just let it burn! - Got it. - You guys don't understand. I don't care if I ever see that thing again. Why me? Why always me? You're still the big man on campus, huh, Baker? Hey, Chet, what did you say? Oh, come on, now, Jon. You remember? Football, baseball, basketball. You were a star, man. That's news to me, but whatever you say, Chet. Hey, now, fella, don't be so modest. Come on now. Tell the ladies here all about it. This is ridiculous, Chet. Now, what are you trying to prove? I told you, didn't I? You ever see a big-time race driver so modest? Well, I tell you, if this is the big time, like you put it.. ...I pity the second-stringers. What are you trying to tell me, Baker? I'm a second Look, Chet, if that's what you think about yourself I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do about it, alright? Now will you excuse me? Well, it will be you against me out there tonight so you just watch yourself, hero.. ...'cause I'm coming after you. What are you doing, Baker? Renewing old acquaintances? Yeah, I just got a challenge. Fender-to-fender. Yeah? Well, it might make for an interesting heat. Come on. In you go. 'Through the intersection we go with the number 40 car' 'Chet Lindford, that's your leader.' 'Right on his bumper, Jon Baker in car number 32.' 'Look at these two go.' 'Whoa. Back here in the back of the pack, look at this.' 'And again, a shot, and he just made it..' Alright, come on. 'The battle still goes on up here for the lead.' 'Going by, Baker is in the number 32 car' 'handling it very smooth, closing right now' 'on Lindford in that number 40.' 'Over out of the turn, look at this, closing it up' 'it's only about a car length between these two..' Get in there. Hey, you know, for a new buddy, I don't know anything about you. Oh, come on, Ponch, it's much more interesting being a woman of mystery. Alright. Not even an address. I don't even have a place to send you, uh, roses. Well, you can always leave them on my dashboard. 'Here is your brand-new leader in car number 32, Jon Baker.' 'Back into the middle is the number 40 car of Chet Lindford' 'trying to get back up into that lead.' 'Whoa, we've got a loss of a car, number 3' 'losing it here just as he came out of that south turn' 'and blocks the number 32 car. Down in the..' '...right here into the intersection..' 'Whoa! And a rear-ender here by that number 77.' 'Hey, a tough break for the number 40 car of Chet Lindford.' 'Not only did he get it sideways here in the intersection..' Alright, I'm coming out. Don't pull, alright? '...and from all appearances, he's okay.' 'The tow trucks are in, we'll be cleaning off the track' 'and then we'll get right back into our competition..' I think it's broken. '...Chet Lindford in the number 40 car.' 'Hey, he could be hurt, he was giving a little bit' 'of a grimace as he got out of that car and sagged' 'a little bit as they carried him away to the ambulance.' 'And the rules right here regardless of what could be' 'wrong with the driver, they always take him in.' 'They take him into the local hospital for a full checkup.' 'Okay, again, we'll clear off the track' 'and get back to racing.' Okay, so don't tell me your life story. I'm still glad you believe in consorting with the enemy. Well, why not? I mean, we both know that I'm gonna win the finals tomorrow. Oh, come on. You wanna dance? Sure, so you can break my accelerator foot. Right. No, so I can, uh, teach you a little humility. Please? Hey, look, I know I don't deserve it, Jon but I appreciate your concern anyway. Oh, hey, so I saved you some cab fare from the hospital. - Thanks for that too. In addition to what? To showing a born second-stringer how a varsity man behaves, okay? Hey, look, Chet, just forget it, huh? - I'll see you around. - Okay, good luck to you. Hey, Ponch, look, remember, I told you I didn't like the sound of that transmission? Yeah, you were gonna tear it down and take a look at it-- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Surprise. Oh, no. It's stripped? Yeah, and we don't have time to get another car. Of all the rotten.. 'Out of the competition, just like that.' Aww, Jon, Ponch, I'm sorry. Unless we wanna enter the Destruction Derby assuming we can come up with an old clunker. No, no, no, not me, but I mean if you want a rolling migraine, be my guest. I'm with you. Hey, don't forget, 150 bucks to the survivor. Sure beats sitting in the stands. 'Frank?' Frank Poncherello? I don't believe it. Oh, um, Rachel. Everybody, uh, son of a gun, Rachel Miller. 'We went to high school together.' You look great, Ponch. You still with the highway-- - Uh, highway construction. - Maintenance, maintenance. - Maintenance. - Well, I mean, the h-- Listen, can I buy you a drink? Just you and me, alright Gee, did I say something wrong? 'Um, no. You look terrific.' 'You know, I'm glad to see you.' Hi. Boy, this better be good considering the hour. Well, what do you want first? The good news or the bad news? Oh, look, guys, I'm in no mood for games. Well, we need a car, any car right away, sarge. - Yeah, number 32 has had it. The Destruction Derby. Ponch decided to enter it. Strictly in the interest of maintaining our cover, you know? Are you guys out of your mind? We're working inter-agency. Drug Enforcement. Paperwork alone, it'd take two days. Take my word for it. Forget the Derby. If we do that, you could really blow our cover. And, uh, that brings up the bad news. What do you mean? Wrecking state-owned vehicles is the good news? The bad news is we may have blown our cover in front of Billy Wakefield. Oh, boy. Wonderful, wonderful. Oh! Billy Wakefield alias, uh, whoever. Seen around town with, uh, good citizens like, uh, Randy Carnell? Okay, that's it. I'm pulling you out of there now, this minute. Now wait a minute. Hold it, sarge. I said we may have blown our cover. Now, if Billy Wakefield is clean, that means, uh 'somebody else might try to make a move.' Yeah, well, what about Randy Carnell What about the Drug Enforcement unit? - Negative. This stuff's coming into a transfer point. They know that. But where that point is? Who takes it from there? Sixty four thousand dollar question. Did you check on Chet Lindford? Yeah, PD in Sheridan, Wyoming doesn't have anything on him. - Neither does any other agency. We're narrowing down everything. Sarge, look, uh, we have our time invested in this. I mean, what's another day or two? Alright. Okay, two more days, but that's it. I think we better go, huh? Whoa. Whoa. Hold it. Hey. 'Freeze, both of you.' Now, while we're on the subject of public funding you guys owe me some money. Come again. You know all those purses you guys have been winning? 'Regulations say, you've been on assignment.' That money belongs to the taxpayers you're so concerned about. Yeah, okay, well, uh, we'll see you payday, sarge. 'Okay, knock out your buddy, Lindford.' I mean, if the guy's pushing anything it's a nervous breakdown. Now, who does that leave? Atkins, the promoter, Bones, Billy? A couple of beady Ah, maybe we're wasting our time. Well, personally, I think the coke's moving from someplace else, not here, man. What about Bones? Yeah, like, how does a guy with tons of big-league driving end up in the boonies and never win a race? Yeah, not even finish a race. Looks like they tow Bones' old wrecks here. - Yeah. Every tank has a fresh weld. - Yup, a good place for stash. - Looks like coke. Worth running through the lab. That's for sure. Hey, you guys, this stuff's already been sold for scrap. - The auto parts are over there. - Uh, thanks anyway. We'll come back when we get more time, okay? Thanks anyway. Derby's in 30 minutes. - We don't have a car. - Getraer struck out. He's down at the junkyard and he sends his regrets. He's staking out the other car. Well, is this your Derby mount? You gotta be kidding. Well, you are gonna be in it, aren't you? I've been looking forward to banging iron with you. Sorry, man. My partner and I are fresh out of wheels. Yeah, some other time maybe, huh? Uh, look, can an old acquaintance propose a solution? What do you have in mind? Well, you could use my old clunker. 'The one I planned to drive in Derby.' Hey, it's yours if you want it, free of charge. Hey, no kidding? It runs. That's about all. And, besides, by the time I'm fit to grab a steering wheel again, I may be out of the mood. Ponch, uh, there's a driver's meeting in ten minutes. What's it gonna be? Your car's gonna go out in a blaze of glory, I promise. Terrific. Hey, guys, come on. Hey, hey, Billy. Hey, hold up. What is it with you? All of a sudden, I'm in Siberia. - Ponch, please. - Hey, come on. I thought we had something going, not much, I admit but somethin'. Alright, I like to know exactly who my friends are. And that includes highway patrolmen in case you're interested. So far, you're not on the list. Why? Because I didn't tell you what I do for a living? Yeah, something like that. Well, hey, talk about people keeping their identity a secret. Listen, lady, I tried to send you those flowers.. ...but nobody besides you ever heard of Billy Wakefield including the guy that owns that empty lot you put down on the entry form for your current address. Okay. My name is Laurie Windsor. I'm the all-American girl with the all-American family who can't see their little darling behind the wheel of a racing car. They try to shut you down? To the point it was downright humiliating. 'That's when I went underground.' That's why I was avoiding you, uh.. I thought you being a cop that.. Well, maybe my folks were out beating the bushes again. And Randy Carnell.. ...he's a friend, I guess. Some friend? He's my sponsor. I race for his chain of auto supply stores. God, every time I don't win, he threatens to pull the plug. 'May we have the attention please to Jon Baker?' 'Jon Baker, will you come to the main office?' 'We have a telephone call for you.' They hung up on you? Yeah, when I got to the office, the phone was dead. So whoever got tired of waiting on the phone, hung up. - Hey, good luck. - Thank you. Let them roll! Let's go, Ponch! Come on, Ponch. - Get down off there, Billy.  Is something wrong? Do as I told you. Get down off there. Get down off there and get lost for a minute. Alright, then. Hey, what are you doing? Jump for it. You're booby-trapped. Come on! What do you mean, booby I thought it was. Hey, good thinking. Thanks a lot, partner. It's alright. Just hang on. There's Bones. Easy, man, please. He tried to kill us. You want him to get away? Yeah, but I don't want you to wreck my car. - Aah! - 'Man!' Get an ambulance right over there. I thought you were okay. What are you doing in this heap? Hey, I got one question. You got a can opener? Come on. I know a great body shop, and in nothing flat you'll have this disaster looking like new. Yeah, for an arm and a leg, maybe. A thousand bucks and a year and a half of work down the drain. Hey, look at it this way, we got a big-time dope dealer in the jail ward at County General. Plus the fact that your partner may have saved my life. Yeah, I know. I know. Not to mention that Jon saved your life. Was the car worth it? Well, uh, was it? I'm thinking. I'm thinking. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 