CHiPs: Season 3, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 CHiPs 
 s3e9 - Drive, Lady, Drive: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 CHiPs (1977–1983): Season 3, Episode 9 - Drive, Lady, Drive: Part 1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Blonde, brunette, or redhead? What? You're so uptight today, man. It's gotta be a girl. Just the noise, the fumes, you know it's just getting to me. So take some vacation time. Or find a girl. Watch yourself, Benny. Couple of cops behind you. I see them. No sweat. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No turn signal. Frank, they want me to stop. Okay, pull over. Take your time. 'I'll draw them off.' Your turn indicators don't work! You alright? Suspect vehicle 1969 Chevy light green with primer spots and body damage. Robert George Ocean 8-7-1 left the freeway at the Derwood off-ramp. Awful lot of paperwork to a motor vehicle accident, isn't it? You think they were working together? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ' - Right. Naturally I mean the drivers of the car and the truck, working together? Oh, Lenny, come on. Why don't you go home, alright? Hey, don't y'all want some company? Yeah, uh, Lenny, will you do me a favor? You get us, uh, some cold drinks, okay? Uh, Jon's had a bad day. His lungs are full of smog 'he let a stolen truck get away' 'his motor got bent' and the guy in the Chevy almost killed him. I knew something was wrong. Hey, Lenny, where are you going? Just doing my friends a favor, man. 'Well, come on back, 'cause' 'I want to talk to you.' Hey, sarge. What'd you find out? Well, that, uh, truck you stopped it'd been stolen just three minutes before. Full of hi-fis, car stereos, tape decks worth quarter of a million in legitimate retail. What about the Chevy? Uh, nothing much, except the license plates were issued to another car. Blind alley. Well, that's the third hijacking we've had. Just about the same MO. They'll try it once too often. But who are they going to kill in the meantime? And, uh, some bleeding-heart lawyer gonna find some loophole to beat the thing in court and put them back out on the streets, thank you. Uh, didn't that used to be Jon Baker? Jon's had a bad day, man. His lungs are full of smog-- Come on, Lenny, come on! Give me a break. Jon? Jon. How would you like to get away from it all? Yeah, I wish you weren't kidding. I'm not. You all know where Palma Vista is. Oh, yeah, man. Out by the riverside raceway. Road racing course. Very exciting. 'They got a track you wouldn't believe.' Beats oval track any day, in my opinion. Thank you. Did you know, uh, Palma Vista police force went on strike today? No, but if you hum a few bars-- Oh, come on, Lenny. Alright, ignore him. Come on, guys. Come on. Palma Vista requested help from the State and CHP's been ordered to comply. 'Now, there'll be details from other counties.' 'You three and Baricza are from here.' John, you're OIC, Chester McNabb is the chief over there. Report to him first thing in the morning. How long does this go on? Well, the cops, uh, pulled this strike because there's a big stock car race coming up there. Uh, that puts the Palma Vista law enforcement in a bind at least until after the race. Say, do you guys know what stock car racing really is? That's when professional drivers get out on the track and act like amateurs on the freeway. 'Out of turn number four' 'here at Phoenix International Raceway the battle is on.' 'Leading in second spot right now, Don Croyden.' 'Right in there clashing with him' 'and there's number 43 is Candi Wright.' 'Picking them up again as we come down here out of the turn' 'here comes Candi Wright who attempting to make the pass' 'here on the number 70 car of Don Croyden.' 'Here's your leader, Bobby Joe Ackerman.' 'Also on the move, Don Croyden in number 70.' 'Back into the pack, starting to move.' 'Here's the one that's been running in third in that' 'number 43, Candi Wright, and she's well on her way.' 'Moving up to depose on second place' 'of Don Croyden in car number 70.' 'Over in turn number 4' 'there's a car losing it.' 'It's the number three car!' 'Folks, look at this, upside down' 'is the number three car of Brian Rickey.' 'Now the number 69 car' 'also losing it down into the infield.' 'We've got another hopeful coming out of turn number four.' 'Boy, have we got the wild excitement here this afternoon.' 'The yellow flag is out.' 'And remember, under the yellow flag all cars' 'must hold their positions.' 'Bobby Joe Ackerman has gone into the pits in number five.' 'Here comes the second position, Don Croyden' 'and of course Candi Wright in number 43' 'should be taking advantage of this yellow flag.' On the yellow, I'm coming in! Here she comes. 'All the cars attempting, heading in through the pits.' 'Here's where they can take advantage' 'of the time without losing a lap.' 'Here they come into the pits. They'll pull up for overhaul' 'up goes the Jacks underneath, in will go 10 gallons of gas' 'designed so that all drivers should come in.' 'Here the..' Corelle, was that Rickey? Yeah. He's out of the car. Your competition's out of the race except for Croyden. - Piece of cake. Who else is on the lead left? Ackerman, Bristow, and Candi Wright. Candi's really been charging. It's gonna get too hot for her up front. She'll back off. Just don't do anything stupid. All I'm gonna do is win. 'What's going on with the race cars?' 'Here comes Candi Wright out of the pits' 'here in number 43.' 'Also shooting out of the pits just ahead of her' 'the number 70 car of Don Croyden.' 'The 7 car comes out of the pits' 'and the battle will be on again.' 'Here comes car number 31' 'he leaves the pits in real good shape.' Your man's gonna have to go some to win this one, Sal. Bruno, the day Don Croyden can't beat the socks off a female that's the day I'll take all my cars and I'll put a torch to them. 'The green flag is out and we're racing!' 'The battle is on down this main straightaway.' 'Out of the turn, here's the battle' 'to see who's gonna take over the lead!' 'Moving down, it's gonna be Bobby Joe Ackerman' who's into the lead, Don Croyden and of course moving up there fast, fast, fast is Candi Wright in car number 43. 'Here we are going down the back chute' 'Ackerman still holding very tight..' 'And look at this move' 'it's Don Croyden in car number 70 shooting wide' 'and right on his tail is Candi Wright in car number 43.' She's beautiful. She can do it, she can win it. 'Out of the turn, it's Croyden in car number 70.' 'And here comes Candi Wright up alongside' 'in the number 43 car.' 'They're battling side-by-side.' 'Down we go into the turn, look at this, side-by-side' 'coming in the turn, the 70 car starting to bobble.' 'And he kisses the wall! He's lost it again up on top..' 'Whoa! A near miss' 'and he slides over into the infield' 'in that number 70 car.' Last lap coming up, Candi. Go get 'em! I got 'em. Get the champagne. She says get the champagne! 'Still they go at it with the number 5 car' 'starting to pick it up again Bobby Joe Ackerman right up' 'on the bumper of Candi Wright.' 'Candi Wright is leader..' 'Hey, look who just moved onto the outside' 'by the number five car of Bobby Joe Ackerman.' 'Here's the try, side-by-side.' 'The battle is on.' 'Down across the start-finish line.' 'There's the winner. It's car number 43' 'It's gonna go to Candi Wright!' 'Finishing in the second spot in the number five car' 'is Bobby Joe Ackerman.' 'Finishing in third is will be Randy Kirk' 'Finishing in the third spot.' Alright! Whoa! Alright! Sorry, honey, this is one winner you don't kiss. Who was that guy? I don't know, but he's good. Hold it! Hold it! Look, you butt out, Croyden! That's my car she wrecked. Yeah, with mybody in it. This isn't the time or the place. I had the groove! You left the groove to cut me off! Well, that's racing, honey. If you can't stand the heat, why don't you go back in the kitchen? That dame drove my man into the wall! She oughta be barred from the track! That's one way to be sure that you be.. I want your attention! I want it now, or nobody's gonna race again! 'Quiet!' Bristow, you don't wanna contribute? No, I was too far behind. Ackerman, you were the closest. Don had the groove in the chute. The way he spun out, he had to be hit. 'Yeah, but you didn't see him hit.' Didn't have to. Oh, that woman should be barred! Panello, if you don't want your whole team suspended keep your mouth shut! Alright, the winner's purse is impounded until we look at all available film. 'And as of now you're on probation' 'subject to fines and suspension.' You too, Croyden. 'That's all.' Thanks a lot. All these suck-egg weekend hot dogs oughta be banned from professional racing! I oughta punch you right in the nose! What makes you think you'd come off better than you did on the track? The guys resent what you did to me out there! Wrong, Don, I won. That's what they resent. Yeah, that too. Y-you can't be laughed off anymore. You've proved that you're some kind of champ but they're gonna be coming at you at riverside! Yeah, well, that's racing, right? Okay, Candi. I'm warning you, it's gonna be rough. You better marry that girl, Don while she's still in one piece. I don't know what I'm gonna do with all this losing money every day. My share of the Phoenix purse would have paid for most of these bills. The money's only been impounded, Bruno. We'll get it back. Yeah. Anyhow, Riverside is the important one. You do well at Riverside I get bigger zoll and carbomatic for sponsors we leave the local circuits in six months we've got a big car and you'll be driving Grand National. I hope so. But what about you? What if you stop losing money? What are you gonna complain about? Oh, that worries you, huh? Doesn't worry you that the big-name drivers are gonna have to protect their macho egos? That doesn't bother you at all, doesn't shake you up? Croyden didn't shake me up, did he? Well, I don't want to end him or anyone else on your mind. No romances, no politics, no crusades, nothing! Okay, I give you my solemn word. No involvements, no distractions. Look! - Yeah. Elmer, fire extinguisher! Is there anyone inside there? Tell me, honey. Is there anyone inside? No! No. Get back! Get back. Stay here. Stay here. I won't leave you, I promise. Okay? No involvements, no distractions, huh? Well, it didn't take long for the strikebreakers to get here, did it, sarge? I'm Baker, this is Poncherello. That's Baricza and Powell back there. We're from LA. Oh, yeah, that's what that funny smell is. Do any good to tell you guys, uh we didn't volunteer for this? Well, we never thought that you, uh, tire jockeys ever put in for real police work anyway, eh, sarge? You the sergeant? Chuck Harris. You're the first sergeant I ever met who couldn't talk for himself. Fella, you were a lot better off as a rookie than I am now. And my men are worse off than me. We work for a town that won't talk to us 'but they'll hire you to take our jobs.' So why don't you go on inside before it gets too hot out here? Now he sounds like a sergeant. Better an egg in peace than an ox in war. What'd he say? ♪ Dee-dee ♪ Doo do do ♪ Dee da da ♪ I'm not involved. Kid say anything yet? No, not a word. Firemen don't know who she is. Well, we'll just drop her off in Palma Vista. Now, how did this become our responsibility? Don't be stupid, Elmer. You know Candi. Now get in. You drive. 'You are not patrolmen here.' You are the Palma Vista Police. I am in sympathy with my men but by the terms of my contract with the city I'm on full-time duty. 'You are responsible to me.' If any of you are planning to stay in town give your names to city manager Whaley. He'll see to your accommodations. Any questions? Yeah, chief, you have any idea how long you might need us? We were wondering how negotiations were going. There are no negotiations. Right, that's correct. The city regards this strike as constitutionally unlawful. When the men go back into uniform we'll listen to their grievances and see what's to be done. 'Until then, no negotiations.' 'Alright.' Officer baker will supervise the A watch 6:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. A watch is on duty now, all the rest of you are excused. Okay, everybody on the A watch, front and center. Supervisor talk. Ahem. Can't you tell me your name? What would that hurt? Honey, nothing bad's gonna happen to you. I won't let it. That I promise. Look, I want what's best for you and I'm trying hard to help. Oh, well. 'Hey, no! No!' Please don't hurt her! Hey, hey, hey, hey! - Honey, no! - Calm down. - No, no, no. - It's okay, calm down. Calm down, sweetheart. I'm sorry. We seem to have a little problem. Yeah, pretty little problem, though. I'm Ponch. Frank Poncherello. Candace Wright. I don't know her name. She's not mine. I just found her. Oh, sure, I know, uh, under a toadstool? She's a frog? Okay, got it. Alright, thank you. No ID. Think it might be amnesia? No. I get the feeling she could talk if she wanted to. Something terrified her, Jon. Probably about that fire. Well, now, let's see. First of all, we're gonna have to give you a name. How about frog? Oh, no, Ponch. She's too pretty to be called frog. Pretty. Hey, that's it. Linda. In Spanish, Linda means pretty. Now, second of all, I bet you're very hungry, huh? So why don't you and I go across the street and get us a hamburger? For breakfast? Bacon, eggs, milk, and orange juice. Health nut, huh? It's okay, I'll come right over. Look, uh, that ranch in San Bernardino County has been seized for taxes, uh, three years ago. But in the past 12 years its had four different owners. None of them had children. So what's gonna happen to her now? I'd like to do more about it but this race coming up it's the most important thing in my life. Oh no, Ms. Wright, you've done more than your share. But, uh, since you found her out at the County I'll have to check procedure, alright? But don't worry, she'll be well taken care of, alright? Okay. Bye. Uh, get County Welfare on the line. You got it. Here you go, Linda. Another taproom special. I thought I was an eater. 'Linda puts me to shame.' How'd you get into auto racing? The hard way. It says "Sparks Racing Team" on your rig. - Bruno Sparks, my backer. I own 20% but I could never afford to keep it running. It costs him $30,000 a year. Ooh. Man's got a lot of bucks. No, just a businessman who loves car racing. If I make out in the Sendex 300 we may step up in class and get some of it back. Hey, it's my partner. We're honored, the supervisor. - Looking good. Anything new? No. You find out anything? No. I set the machinery in motion. 'Hey, look, I've got so much to do. I've got to get back to the track. 'Yeah, you take off. We'll take over.' And we'll keep her across the street for now. Alone in a jailhouse? Candi, police station. People come there for help. It's the only place we have. She's a child. Hey, we know that. - We'll keep an eye on her. Aren't you going to be out writing tickets? Look, she's probably a runaway. Now, it won't take long to find out and then we'll get her back home where she belongs, alright? It's all we can do. Ponch? Hey.. What? Did you get it taken care of? Yes. But it loses something in the translation. Oh, for the love of Mike! I got the permission of officer Baker, the supervisor in person. You promised! It's only until somebody comes to pick her up. I couldn't just abandon her. I knew it, I knew it. Hiya, kid! My name is Linda. Alright! 'This ought to be worth watching.' Do it, Candi, so I can see if you can dive any better than you can drive. Either way, you'll be watching me from behind. Wanna bet? Hey! Alright! 'Not bad.' Well, hi. Official visit? No, I just got off duty. I thought you'd be taking care of Linda. Oh, sure. But you don't expect me to give up my social life. Hey, after the number I did for you and Jon yes, I would. Where is she? She's okay. I locked her in a closet. Candi, now listen, I'm not-- Poncherello, you have such a quick fuse. 'Hi!' Hi. Mom and dad, this is Frank Poncherello. Ponch, my parents Mr. and Mrs. Wright. 'Drove over from Santa Monica for her.' - Hello, Frank. - Hi. And look at my little frog. 'She's turned into quite a flower.' It's been a long time since we shopped for a little girl. Would you like to see my new dress? Let's take our swim. Ponch can see your dress later. - Okay. - Bye-bye. Bye! That's some closet you locked her in. And she's talking. Freely. Unless you ask her who she is or where she's from. Where are you staying? Uh, in a place on 10th Street. Go change and join us for dinner. So are you going to stay for the race? No, we'll come back for it but I'm in the wholesale grocery business. Maybe Candace told you about it? We can't stay away long so we're going on home tonight. We just like to see Candace whenever we can which isn't very often. Is it, darling? Is it, darling? Huh? Your mom just asked you a question. Oh, I'm sorry, mom. Let me have the room key, dear. Dad and I will take Linda and see her to bed. Oh, don't you want to get an early start home? Oh, we'll be fine if we leave in about an hour. And maybe Linda will tell us where she lives before we go, otherwise Christmastime, for example we won't know where to send the present. Oh, Jack! You just stop your teasing. Come along, Linda. Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Wright. We'll see you at the race. - Mrs. Wright. - Bye-bye. It's gonna be hard to carry on a conversation without your mom and dad here. Huh? See what I mean? Dance? I'd love to. Oh, come on. Candi? Don? What are you doing here? Did you get your ride for the race? No, but, uh, someone may need me. Frank Poncherello, Don Croyden, fellow driver. I know the name. Isn't your, uh, team staying in Riverside? The team's working on cars. 'I'm working on something else.' I take it you two are together? Yeah, that's the way to take it. Excuse us, please. Long-time friendship, pal. You don't mind? Hey, why don't you tell that guy you're busy and we'll, uh, go find someplace quieter? Well, I have to make it an early evening tonight. My folks want to get an early start home. Home, now there's a key word. Goes with wife and mother-- Don, please. You want to spend the best years of your life like a gypsy pushing some oilcan around? What are you gonna do after riverside? Back to the tank towns? You know, someday I'm gonna see you in a big car on the Grand National Circuit. But meantime, I am doing exactly what I like. Long-time friendships never die they just fade away. Mr. Croyden, uh, is a jealous man. He have any right to be? Nobody has. It looks like we got ourselves a real, wild town here, guys. Check out this log. There's a-a barking dog on 5th street. A lady fainted at Mural meat market. The price of hamburger. A man fell out of bed-- Yeah, we'll be out on the streets. Call us if you need us, huh? There's another barking dog on 11th street by officer Gilhuly. Hey, watch this, guys. Watch. Those jokers. They reversed your siren switch. It's an old, old gag, Jon. So don't get sore. Alright. Alright, you guys. You think that's funny, huh? Yeah, we know all about it. It's an old, old gag. Wow. Hey, Bobby, take a look at that bomb. Hey. Let's do it! Whoa-ho! Whoa! Where they at? Where they at? We got 'em! We got 'em. They gotta learn brand-new territory. We're gonna dust 'em. Alright. I think we've been had. Yeah. Vietnam. They always knew where they were and we never did. Meaning what? Maybe the trip was worth it. Come on, I'll show you. Okay! Come on! Whoa-ho! Alright, everybody. Hey, where have we seen this before? Hey, that's the stolen truck that almost got you killed. Uh-huh. Mother Hubbard's cupboard. Yeah. Might turn out to be an interesting vacation. Hey, how come the good guys didn't catch the bad guys, hmm? Okay, we played the kids' game and lost. And if you know that much, you know more. Now, wait a minute, Ponch. Look, the territory's new to us, huh? Any help you can give us-- Oh, man, I thought chasing speeders was what you guys cut your teeth on. Yeah. This time they didn't kill anybody. I guess that qualifies as a joke, huh? That, uh, truck there was full when it was stolen. 'It happened the day before' 'we came here and we were involved.' Some pretty well-organized hijackers emptied it and abandoned it...here. If we had a gang of hijackers in this town, we'd know it. 'Yeah, well, one of them drives' a light green '69 Chevy four-door with primer spots and lots of dents. And it might amuse you to know that they tried to use it to kill my partner and me. Well, See? The guy can't be all bad, then. Knock it off, Webner. Look, it doesn't ring a bell, but.. ...we'll keep an eye out. Thanks. Uh, excuse me, huh? Yeah, chief? Poncherello's here. Yes, sir. Chief wants to see you. He'll be right out. Get Getraer on the phone, okay? Coming up. Getraer. Oh, yeah, put him on. Hey, Jon, how's the vacation? Well, it may pay for itself. Anything new on the Chevy? No, just the license plates were apparently stolen off a '67 Buick in a junkyard near San Bernardino. Okay. We found the truck, it.. Yeah, it's over here. And the prints of the passenger car 'so if you'd get me an imprint' 'of the tire track of the stolen Chevy..' Hey, Jon, t-that was two days ago. H-how about something simple like Custer's footprints at the massacre? Joe, the point is, if we can match the prints I'll know the Chevy's here, okay? Try it. Thanks a lot. Jon...hey, Baker 'This is officer Poncherello.' 'He's been close to the situation.' This is Miss Rudd. She's from The State Board. - About Linda. - Oh. We think she's a little girl that ran away from a foster home in San Bernardino County. Her name is really Donna Liebrook. Do you know where she is? Yes, I know. Candi, what if it rains while you're having a race and the track gets all wet? Well, some races we stop, and some we change to rain tires and keep on running. Well, you raced this morning. Do you have to race again? This isn't racing, dear. It's practice, to learn the track and see if there's anything's wrong with the car. Then you race? No. In a couple of days we qualify. And the cars that go fast enough they race on Sunday. You might have a wreck and get hurt. Come here. Let me show you something. 'Hop the wall.' Now look, see? The seat's made to the shape of my body 'and I'm strapped in really, really tight.' 'You see the fire extinguisher? ' And my clothing helps protect me too. And see the pipe They're made of really strong steel so nothing will crash into me. It's really a very safe car. Isn't it, Uncle Bruno? You sit back here on the wall 'cause Candi has a lot of work to do. Get in the car, will you? We've got 15 minutes on the track. Yes, Uncle Bruno. Uncle Bruno would like to know what's on your mind the kid or the car? She's worried about me. It's nice to be worried about once in a while. Once in a while? I stay awake nights. Elmer Just go easy on her till you get the feel of the shocks. Concentrate. Think! Alright? You can watch her right from here. Now, use these. And you turn that little wheel until you can see good. Don't you worry about Candi. She's a real great driver. Candi Alright. Super so far. Miss Rudd? Are you sure that Linda is this Donna Liebrook? No, but the ranch where they found her was owned by an elderly couple, the Liebrooks. They lived there with their granddaughter. Two years ago they died. 'The child was taken to a church orphanage' 'and she ran away.' I found her. She was put in a foster home. I see. What about her parents? Mother died when she was an infant, father disappeared. Is that what you do then? Locate runaway kids? My current assignment, yes. And when you find them? County welfare people take over. Donna would be put back in a foster home. I hate to see a kid bounced around. You know, our jobs are a lot alike. We deal with people's problems but we can't get too deeply involved. Every runaway child is a tragedy. Alright, but wait until Candi comes in. You take the kid before they say goodbye I'll-I'll never hear the end of that. Of course. And if she is Donna Liebrook she'll remember me from a year ago. Linda? She won't be too happy to see me. Linda? Linda! Donna? Linda? Linda! Linda! Linda! Linda! What happened? - I almost hit Linda. I hope that don't mean she's out of the race. You still intend on runnin' her off the track? Better talk to Floyd. She did it to him in Phoenix. Bobby Joe, I think he's really hung up on her. Well, I'm not. Okay, I know you all saw her when Candi brought her in. - What I'm trying to say is-- - I was watching Candi. Shut up and listen. Alright, that's it. I know I can't ask anything of you but Donna's here somewhere alone. And having trouble in more ways than one trying to find her home, alright? Get right down to it, Ms. Rudd. When a kid runs away from a foster home that should tell you that there's something wrong. Ms. Wright, we deal with these problems by the hundreds lost, lonely children who tend to dramatize their troubles. Donna is little more than a baby and it's highly likely that what's wrong is largely in her 10-year-old imagination. Lady, that's a cop-out! I'm afraid you show your lack of experience with 10-year-olds. I was one once, weren't you! I was. But I was not a-a runaway or an orphan. Were you? Yes, I was adopted. I see. I hope that's the end of the argument, ladies. Because right now what's important is finding Linda. Any ideas? I have one. Baker, what happened to the pickets. Afternoon, Mrs. Mason. Um, I was wondering if by chance you seen a little girl in the neighborhood? Yeah, we're still on strike and we would appreciate your support but right now I'm trying to help find this little girl. Donna Liebrook. Oh, God! I was so worried about you. When grandma and grandpa were here this was the prettiest room in the whole wide world. And you were happy here, right? I just threw a little fire to keep warm by. And then it got bigger. Then I couldn't stop it. Everyone will understand. I made you have a car wreck. You just made me do some fancy driving. I do that all the time. My grandma and grandpa were killed in a car wreck. I didn't know that. I see why you were so worried about me. I miss them so much. But isn't it wonderful that we can learn to love other people? And if we give them a chance, they can learn to love us. Maybe. Sometimes. Come on. Let's look forward. We've got no idea what a great day tomorrow will be. I wish I could stay here forever and ever. A part of you will. Maybe if we fixed it up, a-and you stayed with me we could fix it up beautiful. Well, not that, Donna, but maybe something else. Come on. You brought her! You brought her! Donna, please. I love you so much. You brought her! Ponch is your friend. Nobody blames you for anything. - You brought her! - Hey, hey, hey. Hi ya, beautiful. Come on, you had us all worried. You gonna bring me back? It's your home, Donna, your lawful home. Donna, believe me, we're all trying to help you. 'All of us.' You said nothing bad would happen to me! You lied! Hey, Donna, now come on, that's not fair. I hope I never see you again! I know I had to let Donna go. But I just don't understand how that woman could send her back to a foster home when she didn't know why she ran away. It's somebody else's department. Like, we make arrests, but we can't prosecute. The city does that, or the county. Ponch, without you, and I mean it this would've been unbearable. Hey, hey, hey, lady, you make it sound like it's all over. Listen, I got other ideas. About Donna? About you. I watched you with her. You'd be a great guy to have kids with. Thanks. But we've got less in common than any two people I know. Hey, don't you know that sometimes that adds a little spice? For right now, for right here I buy that 100%. I'm Candi Wright. I'm a friend of Donna's. I'd like to speak to her. May I come in? Oh, uh, Candi Wright. Of course, come in. Come in. It's so early in the morning. I wasn't expecting any company. Must've been quite a party. Oh, just me and my husband celebrating the fact Donna's home. Um, sit down. I'd like to meet your husband. You just missed him by 20 minutes. 'He went on a business trip.' Uh, he travels, not too much, thank goodness. Uh, Donna, come here, dear. Poor little thing, I-I kept her out of school to rest. Honey, look who's here. Good morning, Donna. Well, what do we say when we're spoken to, sweetheart? Hello. Hi. Everything alright? Yes, ma'am. Oh, I-I hate to think of what the poor little thing's been through. So do I. Excuse the intrusion, Mrs. Hastings but I'm gonna be going. Donna, today is the day I have to try to qualify my car for the race. I'll see you again as soon as I can. Do you think that's wise, Ms. Wright? Buh-bye, Donna. What did you tell that woman? Nothing. 'Liar.' Liars don't get any breakfast. 'Now go to your room.' - We got 'em! - Whoa-hoo! - We're gonna do it again! - Come and get us! Who-o-o. Hoo-o-o! Here we go! They're gaining. Come on, man, juice it. Okay, okay. Come on, guys! Jon, they took us over this route the last time. We got 'em! Okay, kids, come on out. Alright, open it up. It's over, huh? Put your hands on your head. 'Could we have your attention, please?' Hey, Bruno's been looking for you. Good. I like to keep him guessing. - No. And the decision that I was to blame for Phoenix isn't helping.. Decision? Yeah, they looked at all the films. You've been cleared. Well, I hope you find a ride here. Beating you twice in a row would really make my season. Where've you been all day long? Meditating. Preparing my inner self. 'How's the car?' 'Ackerman, car number 5' 'turns in the fastest time of the day, 112.693.' The car's ready. How are you? Ackerman just gave me something to shoot at. Hey, Sal, I thought you were gonna put your cars to the torch. She didn't beat Croyden on the track. She beat him in the association office. What? You still got Ackerman running. He just did pretty good. Care to make a little sign, pal? She took a skid at turn 8. Now you tell her to watch it. I had to rebuild that car overnight. She puts another bend in it today, I'll wring her neck. Now you tell her. Candi, you're doing great, kid. You know better than to get her all upset while she's driving. 'Candi Wright takes the green.' 'She needs better than 101.62 miles per hour to qualify.' 'Candi wright's under the bridge.' 'She's really burning up the racetrack.' How's her time? Like the man says, she's burning it up. 'Here she comes. Out in number 43 to complete the first lap.' 'The speed 105.15 miles per hour' 'is good enough to make the Sendex 300.' She's in. She made it. Now tell her to back off and take it easy on the car. Oh, 105.15, Candi, you're in. Uh, Bruno says back off, save the car. I've got another lap. I can do it quicker. I can better my starting position. Good morning, Mr. Chambers. 'Morning, Mr. Chambers.' Better stand away from that door, boys. In about two minutes there's gonna come flying out of there little bitty, chewed up pieces of highway patrolmen. R.C. Chambers, I believe you're holding my sons. I've come for them. Yes, sir, if you'll just step into the sergeants office. You know, we've always handled things like this within the Palma Vista family, so to speak. Well, then maybe you should do a little more spanking within the family, Mr. Whaley. - Chet. - R.C. - Burt. - R.C. Mr. Chambers is the president of our bank and also a city councilman. Baker is the arresting officer on scene. Mr. Chambers. How are you involved? They're holding my daughter too. Your daughter, Mr. Whaley, and the rest of them will be released when the parents show up, okay? What are they charged with? Your two sons, Mr. Chambers, are gonna be charged with exhibitionist speed, hit and run 'destruction of property, evading arrest--' You're making it sound like the crime of the century. Well, the sheriff van was here. They took them over to county juvenile. You can make arrangements to have them released at the county seat. What's he talking about? The, uh, boys were arrested in an unincorporated section of the county territory, R.C. The city police had no jurisdiction. Now, wait a minute. We're serving your community 'but we're still highway patrolmen.' I don't like the smell of this. Well, I'm gonna get to the bottom of it, depend on that! That's easy, Mr. Chambers. You know, you gentlemen talk about the Palma Vista family. Well, the kids knew about the police family. But they didn't know about us. So they challenged us. They went too far. Is this a political maneuver because of the strike? Yeah, birds of a feather. They're using our kids as leverage. 'Now wait a minute, mister.' Those officers broke their own picket line to help us look for a lost girl door to door on their own time. So don't accuse them, they're good men, alright? Now why don't you listen to their Grievance Committee? Just listen. I mean, what do you have to lose? Control of the city. Control of its future. Control of the city? You don't have control now. And you're city manager. Wait till you get the bill from the state for our services. - Yeah, I know. It's expensive. - Alright. Then, I'm sure we'd all agree that the money would be better spent on the wages of the, uh, police family. And if you, uh, gentlemen would agree to listen to them I'm sure they would come back to work. Oh, if we agree to negotiate will you drop the charges against my sons? No, sir. Chet, I can't believe you're not gonna put a stop to this! Baker, I would've handled this in a very different way. But whether I like it or not, you're doing it right. And probably for the best. Now, look, Chet-- Ah, Mr. Whaley, uh, I'll get your daughter. Okay, I blew the engine. Go ahead. Blow your top. You're gonna blow it sooner or later. What were you thinkin' about? - Yeah. About turning a faster lap. But you already qualified for the first one. That's all you needed. We told you you were in. A brand new engine, Candi, brand new! All you had to do was nurse it along. Better I blew it in the trials than in the race. You didn't have to blow it. You got orders from the to take it easy. You-you.. All you had to do was obey my order! Told you you'd blow your top. 'Candi!' Do I sell out to you, or do you sell out to me? Same answer as always. I can't afford your 80%. And I won't sell my 20. Besides, we love each other. Hi. Well, Ms. Wright, how nice. Come in. Mrs. Hastings, this is Evelyn Rudd from the State Board Donna's new case worker. Oh? Uh, what happened to the other lady? Her future, Mrs. Hastings, is a bit uncertain. Oh, why don't you sit down. I've been cleaning house all-- 'I have a lot of work to do, Mrs. Hastings.' I'd rather not waste time. You told Ms. Wright this morning that your husband was away on a business trip. Yes, and she just missed him by-- 'I spoke to your husband this afternoon' your ex-husband the man who divorced you 6 months ago in Nevada. Oh. Uh-huh. Little Ms. Nosy Parker here. You failed to report a change in your marital status to the county that employs you, Mrs. Hastings. This puts you in violation. That's baloney. I give that kid a good home. I'm relieving you of Donna's custody. I'm here to take her. Now? Now. Call her. Hey, what's happening, baby? Could help. Please shut up. I thought you wanted some beer. Put it in the kitchen. Who are you? Joe, it's about the kid. Oh. Call Donna. Call her yourself. Donna! I'm going to pack your things, Donna. You don't live here anymore. Hey! Hi, there. May I see your driver's.. Okay, lady, this is your lucky day. Watch your left Yeah, I know the place. They used to hold a country fair there years ago. Okay, there's 5 or 6 guys there. May be a pretty big operation. Who knows? Maybe more. So? So we need at least a dozen men to go in there. Well, you got more than a dozen guys here in town. Sure, but we have to strip the whole town to get enough men for the raid. Right. We know you guys are on strike, but-- - Yeah! - Come on, sarge. You don't want a hijacking gang here in town. Maybe some of your men would volunteer. Nah, sorry. Well, I guess it's us or nobody. Alright. Which one of you guys wanna stand surveillance tonight? Hey, you're the supervisor, man. You want surveillance, you tell us. Alright. How about you? Not me. I got a date. I'll take it. Okay, Barry. Alright, easy now, steady go. Yeah, hello, Bruno Sparks. Oh. Where are you? At my parents house in Santa Monica. I brought Donna, Bruno. And Ms. Rudd thinks she can arrange it for her to stay here. I mean, like live here! 'My parents love her. They want her.' Isn't that super and great and wonderful? Oh, yeah, that's real groovy. - Oh, yeah. Well, alright. You know where I am. And I can be there in two hours if you need me. Uh, forget it, kiddo. Relax. I think you're right where you belong. 'Okay.' Bye. Don Croyden, please. - Hi. - Hi. Who's testing the car? - Don Croyden. - Oh. You could've called me. Candi, I want to win the race tomorrow. But I don't want to lose the car. And I don't wanna see you get hurt. Now, you haven't had enough practice time. And your mind hasn't been on business. If this has to do with Donna, let me-- In Gallup it was feed the Indians. In Santa Barbara, it was save the whales. In Saugus it was the old folks' home. It's always somebody's special problem. Now with this kid, this kid is worse than all the others. Bruno...that problem is solved. Alright. You solved it your way, I solved it mine. I hired Don Croyden to drive. The race? My car? My 80% of it, yes. Your 20% just goes along. Like hell it does! Candi! Hold on there! Hold it, hold it! Now come on! Let go! Let go! Let go! It wasn't easy for Bruno to do. He really doesn't think I'm in shape for the race. Are you, Candi? Really? Yes, I really am. Have you told your folks you won't be driving? No. One of the drivers has the flu and another one has a broken wrist. 'I'm gonna be at the track at 7 o'clock in the morning.' If I can't pick up a ride then I'll explain to them when I see them. Candi? Did you hear something? Candi, I did try and cut you off in Phoenix. I admit I drove badly. But I did not ask for the ride in your car tomorrow. Would you like to dance? Croyden. What do you want? I just wanted to say that if what you want is a ride there are two cars that need drivers for tomorrow. But if you're in Candi's car because you want to force her out of the game, man then, you're not worth my time, or hers, or even your own. PV control, if we're going to hit this place we'd better do it soon. Well, um, I simply wanted to say that, um.. ...my sons are in my custody and, um, on forth until further notice. Think that'll be best for now, Mr. Chambers. Yeah, I think we all earned a little something uh, and I wanna thank you. Excuse me, Baricza says they're really gangin' up out there. You better come now or forget it. - Well, I'll get outta your way. - You better. Excuse me. I'll be right out. Tell Ponch to meet me at Okino road. Excuse me. Where're you going? Stage a little raid. You want some company? Are you serious? Mr. Wailey agreed to talk so we agreed to come back to work. Right, pending negotiations. Let's do it. Elmer, see if you can find Candi. Sure. Here comes your driver. Bruno, I-I'm sorry I'm late. It's alright, Don. It's okay. Glad it happened. I made a mistake. Now, I got every right by contract to do what I did and I'll pay you what I promised you. But I gotta tell you, I would pull that car before I let it be driven by anybody, you or anybody else. I just couldn't do it. I understand. 'That's great, Don. Great.' Uh, look, uh, Shepard, uh, and Beecher need drivers. Well, Shepard might, but Beecher doesn't. He hired me. Oh...wait a minute. You took a ride for Beecher when you had a deal with me? Well, you know me, Bruno. - I'm, uh-- - He's a fink. Just the word I was looking for. He thinks he has a better car. Find out, Candi. Follow me. If you can. I'm sorry, kiddo. Apology accepted. It's no apology. I just said I'm sorry. 'Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.' 'Welcome to Riverside International Raceway' 'and the Sendex 300.' 'Cars are down on the line and all set and ready to go.' 'This is gonna be one of the finest' 'and fastest competitive races' 'ever held here in Riverside International Raceway.' 'Drivers from all over the United States are gathered..' Did you quit, or did Bruno fire you? Why don't you ask your friend Poncherello? He's not your rival, sweetheart. I am. Wanna bet she hits the wall? Bobby Joe, if she does, it better be her fault for sure. 'Alright, ladies and gentlemen we have completed the run down.' 'The pace car pulls out onto the track.' 'The officials here are signaling for the cars' 'to come out on the track' 'and get ready for competition.' 'Everybody holding beautiful.' 'Right now the pace car pulls into the inside.' 'Down across the line, we've got a green flag.' 'And we're racing!' '...are starting to move.' 'That number 43 car, she's really giving it a try' 'Candi Wright.' 'Bubby Bartlett in car number 24 is now the leader.' 'Trying to work his way up through the pack' 'is Don Croyden in car number 15' 'and here comes the number 43 car right now of Candi Wright.' 'Bobby Joe Ackerman working his way up through the track.' 'And this happening bumping in at the curve' 'sliding it down into the infield' 'and the car bursts into flames.' 'There's the yellow flag.' 'Bobby Joe Ackerman seems to be okay, uh' 'due to the efforts of Don Croyden and Candi Wright.' 'Here comes the emergency crew moving in.' 'Down on the track the workers are attempting to clean up' all the debris. The track is still under the yellow flag. 'Here comes the number 15 car of Don Croyden.' 'Also, moving in to car number 43 up ahead' 'they're both heading for the pit.' I'm comin' in! Alright. She's comin' in. 'Candi Wright into the pit. The crew is over the wall.' 'They're going to change the left side rubber.' 'Down goes the car back onto the wheels.' 'They gave the tap on the top' 'and she's back on the track and running.' 'Here is car number 43, Candi Wright.' 'Okay, the cars have lined up' 'very beautiful out of turn number 9.' 'We've got a green, ad we're back to racing.' Alright, we're all set. Okay. Let's move in. Isn't that the guy that was driving the truck? That's the guy that tried to kill us. 'Through turn two, there's still no change.' 'Bubby Bartlett is the leader in the number 24 car.' 'Running in the second position, Don Croyden.' 'And holding down that third spot' 'it's going to be Candi Wright.' 'The rider for the number 15 car, Don Croyden' 'and moving in at number 43 is Candi Wright.' 'Here they come down that back straightaway.' 'The battle is on.' 'Moving fast. Down in the middle we've got a change!' 'It's Croyden starting to move, and right on the bumper' 'look at that, it's Candy Wright.' Hi, folks. What's happening? 'It's Bartlett, Croyden, and Wright, out of turn number 9.' Where's turn 9? Where he's looking. 'Croyden and Wright have moved away from the field.' 'Right now coming out of the turn' they're moving past the slower cars' 'and we're down to a two horse race. Look at them go!' 'Here they come, jockeying for position' 'as they come down that back straightaway.' Come on, Candi, come on! 'Candi Wright is moving up.' 'Candi Wright is on the move.' 'Don Croyden and Candy Wright.' 'Candy Wright and Don Croyden.' Come on! Come on! 'Down across the start-finish line' 'and the checkered flag' 'Don Croyden is the winner' 'second place goes to Candi Wright.' 'Finishing up in the third position' 'it goes to Toby Bartlett.' Hey, Sam, how's Ackerman? He's in the hospital for observation but he's going to be okay. Oh, good. That's a heck of a nice thing you did for him. That goes for the lady too. I wish you'd tell her thanks. Go tell her yourself, Sam. I can't get through the crowd. Whoa! Yes! Yeah. Just a minute. It's for you. Sergeant Getraer. Yeah, sarge. Ah, Jon. Look it wasn't easy. But uh, I think we got it. The tire prints. From the Chevy, Jon. We got a plaster cast. Oh, I see. The tire prints on the Chevy you got a plaster cast. Uh, actually, sarge. Actually what? Well, actually that's terrific. Listen, uh, we got a big traffic jam here. I'll call you right back, okay? Okay, well, I'll see you after the Fresno race. Keep safe, and, remember, I love you. I love you too. Thanks, mom. Pop. - Bye. - Bye! Are we still friends? Till I get you on the track in Fresno, yeah. As long as you're bumming a ride, you drive. Bye, Ponch! Bye, Ponch. I can't seem to win for losing. You know what we need? A nice vacation, get away from it all. Okay. Let's try Los Angeles. Right on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 