CHiPs: Season 3, Episode 22 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 CHiPs 
 s3e22 - Thrill Show - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 CHiPs (1977–1983): Season 3, Episode 22 - Thrill Show - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So what do you say? UCLA against USC at Poly. You get the tickets. I'll get the ladies. I hate to stand in ticket lines. Oh, come on, Jon. It will be a great game. Alright, I'll think about it. Alright. I don't know what I'm going to do. Hey, would you believe it? She flags me down, lets me get it all hooked up and then she tells me she can't pay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can too pay. I just don't have cash and I didn't bring my checkbook with me. Okay, okay. Look, lady, right now I've got a lien on your car because you let me hook it up. I'm trying to be nice about it. Okay? Listen do you have any credit cards? My husband and I have separated and I haven't had a chance to establish a line of credit for myself. - Hey, listen, man-- - Oh, uh-uh, man. Hey look, by the time you unhitch her car and get another job you could have towed 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 her car off the freeway to the garage. What are you going to do do leave her out here? That's not my problem, now, is it? Look, she's a victim of circumstances. We're all out on the pavement together. Now, is it that hard to do her a favor? Okay, I'll do it for you, but not for her. That's not the point, is it? Take it easy. I'm doing what you want, ain't I? Thank you. Thank you. It takes all kinds. Yeah. Seen too many of that kind lately. I mean, if the bucks aren't there, it's forget it. I've had it with that "who cares" attitude. Come on, Jon. Those kind of people are the exception to the rule. Lately I'm beginning to wonder. Doris, this one goes to Morris Ridley in general accounting. Dear Morris, we're having trouble with the accounts receivable of the last month of the prior quarter. I'll untangle things back here. LA 15, Mary 3. We got a multiple 11-80. Uh, foothill, west of mission. Roll an 11-41, 11-85. '10-4, Mary 3.' Okay, guys, I'll take over. Excuse me. I'm a doctor. Get an ambulance stat. It's on its way. How is he? He's not good, I'm afraid. He has a crushed windpipe. He can't breathe. I'm going to open his throat. I hope you don't mind assisting me in a tracheotomy? I want you to wipe away the surface blood and pull the hemostat when I set it. You're doing fine. Now, just one more vein. That should do it. He's breathing. Lucky you happened along. He's going to be a pretty grateful guy. Here comes the ambulance. Perfect timing. I have an emergency appendectomy at the County General. I'm running late. How's the guy? I think he's going to be okay. Thanks to that doctor. Hey, you know, for an angel of mercy she's in a pretty big hurry. She's got a busy day. She's like Florence Nightingale. See, Jon, there are a lot of people out there ready to jump in and help. Yeah, I guess you're right. Jon, if you get there early there won't be any line. Besides, you like to get up early. Pam's cousin is in from Phoenix for the weekend. And I saw a picture of her and she's a knockout. Yeah, well, I'll think about it, alright? Hey, sarge. Hey, Jon, I want a word with you. Uh-oh. It sounds like his official tone. That emergency tracheotomy yesterday you forgot to put the name of the attending doctor in your accident report. Uh, yeah, well, I didn't have a chance. She ran off to emergency surgery at County General. Took off like Parnelli Jones. Eastbound on the foothill freeway isn't the way to County General. Uh...yeah, I guess. Maybe she was going westbound, saw the accident doubled back at the next overpass. 'Excuse me.' - Hey, Grossman. - That's funny. Little lunch. Grossman, didn't you report a woman doctor assisting at a crash off the Ventura freeway last week? Yeah. Nice lady. She was on her way to surgery at St. Joseph's Medical Center. Who says a doctor can't work more than one hospital? They can, but it bears checking out, hmm? Jeff, I thought you'd never get here! My folks will be home any minute. We're never going to get away. Hey, Kim, will you relax? Just cool it. Where's It's over here. Wait a minute. Do you need all that? Well, it's just the basic essentials. Where do you think we're going to be living, in a mansion? Oh, well, look at all the junk you're taking. Okay. I'm sorry. We'll get it all in somehow. Okay. Hi! Where you guys going? On a picnic out near Agora and we won't be back till late. Well, would you mind if I came along? I could just leave a note for mom. Some other time, okay? Oh, come on, sis, give me a break. You know, I've been hitting those books pretty hard lately. Yeah, I could use some relief. Like a picnic? Wow. You guys must be going on some picnic. Bye, Darla. Yeah. I'll be seeing you. She knows. Don't start having a guilt trip. We made up our minds to go and we're going to do it. Boy, Kim.. ...you're really going to get it this time. 'Uh, Baker.' I checked Grossman's accident report for that doctor's name. And? She told him she was a Dr. Beverly Otis out at St. Joseph's and there's no problem about her working at two hospitals at the same time. She doesn't work at either hospital. I-I don't get it. Well, neither does anybody else. If you cross paths with her again I sure hope you'll ask her a few questions, huh? You can count on that. Why should she lie? I mean, maybe she's not even a doctor. It's a possibility you got to admit. - It was too good to be true. - Keep talking. Well, I mean you finally find somebody that goes out of their way to help somebody and it turns out to be some kind of weird scam. Yeah, but we may not know what's going on but why assume the worst? Because it seems to be right most of the time. Why be disappointed? Alright, new subject. What about the basketball tickets? Alright, now, tell me something. Is Pam's cousin from Phoenix really all that special? Oh, Jon, that really disturbs me, you know? On a matter like this you're going to question me? Alright, alright, I was just trying to figure out when I can set aside some time to pick up those tickets. Alright. Nice to see you got it all together, partner. Come on. Oh, daddy, am I glad you're here. Why, baby? What's wrong? I tried to get you at your office. Except you'd already gone. Read this. Kim has run away! - Yeah, with Jeff. In that clunker of a bus he drives. Does your mother know about this? No. It's Ladies' Day at the golf course, remember? Well, they've headed north. Well, they won't get far. I can promise you that. And if we make it into Canada the government still gives free land to homesteaders. - At least I think it does. Anyway, it won't cost an arm and a leg like here in LA. I remember my grandmother talking about the quilting bees she went to as a girl. Well, I could learn to quilt and can peaches. And pluck chickens and clean fish. Can't we just buy the food at a supermarket? Jeff, what is that? I don't know. 'Attention, all San Diego freeway units' 'B.O.L a green '58 Volkswagen bus' 'northbound from Garden Grove 20 ago.' 'Occupied by a runaway teenage couple' 'believed en route to the Pacific Northwest.' Trying to get away from it all. They didn't get very far. LA 15, Mary 3. We're 10-97.. - I don't know. All of a sudden it started making this awful clanking noise, and I lost power. I just barely made it to the shoulder. I hate to tell you, but I think you've thrown a rod. - Rats. I'm afraid not. I think you're going to need a new engine. There goes everything. Where are you heading? - North. Yeah. We were going on our.. Well, you know, on a vacation. Could I see a driver's license please? The tow truck's on its way. Baricza will take them in. Take us in? We haven't done anything. We haven't broken any laws. Okay, take it easy. Just take it easy. You're Jeff Johnson, right? Yeah. Kim Richardson? I think your folks want you home for dinner. That's all. Hey, cheer up. You could have had a serious accident. What if you'd been way up north a few miles from nowhere when this had happened, huh? At least we'd be alone together. The man back there will take you to the station house. You can call your folks from there. What about our stuff? My entire record collection's in there. All my Elton John records.. You and your folks can pick everything up at the garage. It will all still be there, I promise. Next time we'll have some decent wheels. You know, Ponch, sometimes I feel like heading for the high lonesome myself. Ah, man, you'll be bored, just bored. Besides, wherever that place is you can be sure there aren't any big basketball games. Sounds like a hint to me. Tickets go on sale tomorrow. Going to be a big sellout. We'll pick them up at lunch. Sorry, old buddy. I got a court date. Besides, I'll be with you, in spirit. Thanks a lot. You save your thanks for when you say hello to Pam's cousin. 'Officer! Officer!' Officer! My car was just stolen less than five minutes ago. - I bought it in a kit. It's a reproduction of a 1935 white Auburn boattail Speedster. I'll get right on it. 'LA 15, 62 Adam, a citizen's report' 'on a stolen 1935 Auburn boattail Speedster, white.' 'Environmental plates reading' 'Boy hyphen Tom Adam item Lincoln.' 'Uh, last seen westbound on Larchmont.' 'Possibly entering San Diego freeway' 'at Elderbush five ago.' LA Mary 5, I have visual with stolen Auburn southbound San Diego from the Ventura. LA 15, Mary 3 and 4, we'll intercept at Sepulveda. 15, Mary 4. 11-83 at Crystal Plaza parking lot. Roll paramedics on the double. '10-4, Mary 4.' Excuse me! Excuse me. Better let me see to him while you call the paramedics. It's alright. I'm a doctor. I'll take it from here. An ambulance is on the way. I can barely feel a pulse. Here, please, in the green Pinto there bring the black bag on the front seat. Listen, for the record, could I, uh, have your name, doc? He's fallen into severe shock. There's massive bleeding somewhere. Look, it's swollen for sure. It's just started. 'Bleeding from where, ma'am?' Open. Now let's find out. Right now? - Well, it's now or never. He could bleed to death before he gets to the hospital. Now, I'm going to make a quick incision. 'Here in the upper abdomen. Are you with me?' You're the doc. There.. No.. Where are you? It's the spleen. It's ruptured. It's like a little faucet. Pack. You okay? Yeah, I'm alright. I'm in great shape. Get on your feet. Put your left hand on your head. I've got to get some more supplies from the car. No, wait a minute. You can't leave me like this. No, no, you're doing just fine. Now, keep the pressure constant. You see, you've got it. Now, don't move. Uh, doctor! Doctor! Hi. I'm from the, uh, "LA Sun Chronicle." No, no, no, I'm sorry. T-there's no time. Ask the highway patrolman. It really would make it easier-- No, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't. Got a ruptured spleen here. Set up an IV. Establish vitals. Did you do this? Me? No. It was the doc.. It's a good thing. It's a pretty hairy thing to pull off out here in the field. Ha-ha! What on Earth happened to you? Ah, I had to see a man about a stolen car. How's the boy? - Alive thanks to.. I don't know. I'm afraid to say I think Miss Nightingale struck again. And you let her get away? You didn't-- Hey, partner, you know, we had a problem here. Before it clicked, she split. She probably recognized you from the tracheotomy on the freeway. 'Jeff?' That's right, isn't it? Hey, man, how you doing? - Oh, I'm okay. - Yeah. Things are a little slow right now without my wheels. Oh, you got some business to transact down here? Just scoping it out. Next time we're not going to run away and get married. We're going to get married first and then leave. Sound like a man with a plan. Better believe it. What does, uh, Kim's dad think about it? I haven't had a chance to talk to him. Well, Jeff, uh, I don't know all his reservations but I'll bet for sure he thinks you're both not ready yet. 'I mean, what are you going to do to support yourself?' I can do lots of things. I'm getting a new job right now. Yeah, that's a great start, but, uh, there's a lot more to think about than just that. I mean, if you love each other, really love each other.. ...you'll take the time to sort things out. 'There's no rush.' I just don't understand why people won't let us live our own lives. Huh. It's because they love you too much, man. They sure have a funny way of showing it. Yeah, that they do, don't they? Listen, I got to run. You be cool now, okay? Um, excuse me, guys. Hey, listen, I got to get back on duty. If one of you guys would, uh, do me a favor.. In other words, who cares, right? I'll do it. Oh, great. I need four tickets. I'd appreciate that. Listen, I'll give you my number. You can call and pick them up. Okay. That would be great. What is it? Sorry, folks. Sold out. Oh, great. At least I got your number. Keep it. You know, even for a crosstown rivalry I never expected that many people to want tickets. You better believe they would. Well, you tried, old buddy. "Lucy Kenton." What's this.. Another blind date? Florence Nightingale's realname and address. Well, pray tell, little lady, how did you get this? There was a reporter out at the shopping center yesterday taking notes on the accident and I thought he just might know something. Anyway, he saw this Lucy Kenton working on the boy and took down her license plate number just in case he wanted to do a follow-up. Man, that's terrific. Thanks, Bonnie. Any time. Well, what do we do now? Oh, I guess we bait the bear, huh? Well, the proper thing to do is-- I knew it. Here we go. Will you just wait a minute? The thing to do is to turn this over to the state licensing board. It's out of our jurisdiction. Look, sarge, she hasn't committed any crimes. Besides, no one has filed a citizen's complaint against her. - Not that we know about. Both Jon and I on two separate occasions watched her save someone's life! Maybe you guys could have done the same thing. Excuse me. What if we hadn't been there? Uh, Ponch, the bottom line is she may be practicing medicine without a license. Well, we don't know that. She could be a doctor! But the license is issued to a MissLucy Kenton not a Dr. Kenton. And what's your interest in this anyway? We just want to rap with her. You know, she must might be doing the right things for the wrong reasons. Oh, boy. A couple of C.H.P. Officers who want to be boy scouts. Come on, sarge. We'll keep it low Alright. Alright. Ball's in your court. What are you doing here? You got a death wish or something? Is your dad home? If he is, I'd like to speak with him. I was right. You are tired of living. 'Who is it, sweetheart?' Listen, if I was you, I'd take my advice and split. No way! What's going on out here? 'Oh, it's you.' I thought we saw the last of you at the highway patrol station. Adios,pioneer. 'Please, Mr. Richardson' I-I'd like to speak with Kim. May I? In words of one syllable, Jeff. No, you may not. We're not going anywhere. I give you my word. Look, and I'll give you mine. Kim is not going anywhere, and that's for sure. We're not kids, Mr. Richardson and that's how you're treating us. Now, think of it. Jeff, a cabin in the north woods is not kid stuff. Now, come on, you know better than that. Look, I gave you my word we wouldn't go anywhere. Can't I even talk to Kim? No. No, you may not. I'm sorry, Jeff. Maybe later, okay? Oh, I take it all back. First chance we get, we're going! Jeff! I'd like to know up-front.. ...am I under arrest? No, ma'am, not at all. We'd just like to talk to you unofficially. I guess I've been expecting this for months. I suppose we do have a lot to talk about. Well, it was bound to happen sooner or later. In a way, it's something of a relief. First off, you must know I'm not a doctor. I'm not even a nurse. I'll get back to examinations in a moment. I have some things to talk over with these officers. Where did you get all this equipment? Oh, from medical supply houses volunteer clinics going out of business doctors buying newer equipment. And you paid for it yourself? Right down to the last Q-tip. Having trouble here, Miss Lucy? Oh, no, no, Tony. It's alright. I assisted these officers at an accident the other day and they just need some more information from me. - Oh. Oh, okay. Just checking. - Thank you. My neighbors are very protective of me. They call me un angel con ojos azules. Oh, uh.. - An angel with blue eyes. - Yeah. As you might expect, there are many undocumented aliens in this area and so often they're afraid to go to regular doctors or they don't have the money, so they come to me. Look, uh, how did you get started in this? Well, it's a long story but, uh, I'll try to make it short and sweet. My husband was a missionary doctor in Africa for 20 years. 'He was Austrian.' And, uh.. ...then when he died, I came back here. I didn't know anyone but I wanted to go to medical school. 'Oh, they were very kind' 'but my age had to be considered.' Well, I got to thinking, why shouldn't I be helping these people just around the corner as well as those on the other side of the world? Well, that's something that we overlook sometimes our own people. Yeah, that's for sure. And, uh, well, of course, I never attempted anything that I wasn't well equipped to handle. 'Oh, no, not ever.' Well, I guess it's over, isn't it? Now what? Don't look at me. I don't have an answer, either. Okay, that's about it unless anybody has something to add. Okay, let's get out among them. Frank, Jon, could I see you a minute? What is it with you guys the past couple of days? You've been grousing around here like, uh, somebody in a laxative commercial. It's that Lucy Kenton business, isn't it? Yeah, I'll say. I mean, a lot of people laugh at you unless you expect the worst from everybody so when you finally find somebody that puts it on the line, I mean who really cares.. ...it makes you feel pretty good. I mean, about humanity, things like that. Yeah. I know what you mean. It's pretty hard to take when you have to help put a person like her out of business. Either of you ever hear of the medics program? What's that? Well, it was started recently in this area to help with shock treatment, trauma, that sort of thing. Now, the people completing the program aren't doctors but they're certified as assistant doctors in remote locations to help with the initial treatment. You think Lucy Kenton could qualify? Could she? Yeah. Where does she get started? She has to take an exam. Err, she'd probably know more about it than the people who gave it. Remember, all you have to do is the trim and sills. Shouldn't take you over eight hours at the most. And don't forget, please don't forget to put your drop cloths over her shrubs. Yes, sir. Do you know what you're going to do? Yes, sir. Forget it, Ponch. Lucy won't know the results of the exam until late today at the earliest. Kim! Kim! Kim! Go faster. He's catching up on us. Jeff! Kim! Kim! Kim, can you hear me? Kim! 'Any unit in the vicinity' 'of the foothill freeway and mission.' 'Citizens report a multiple 11-80' 'and vehicle fire.' 'Roll fire and rescue units for 11-84.' 'Kim! Kim! Kim! Kim!' Will you help me? They can't get out! 'They can't get out!' Get back, get out of there! Get back from here! Jon, give me your baton. I'm going to go through the window. Stay back. I'm going to go through the window. Come on. You alright? Whoa! It's getting hot. Kim! Alright. It will be a long time before I work my way out of this mess. I'm sorry. I wouldn't want to hurt Kim for the world. It's my fault, too, daddy. I guess after we pay for all this if we're still together that will really be something, huh? I'm just thankful no one got hurt, sweetheart. You have to admit, Mr. Richardson you and Jeff have one thing in common. What's that? You both love the same girl. Hey, look at that. It's alright! I'm legal now. I passed my test. It's a heck of a note, isn't it? Beg your pardon? That a person who cares has to take a test to prove it. Yes. Hey, I hear you guys had a busy afternoon. You can say that again but the big news is that Lucy Kenton made it into the medics program. Oh, terrific. That's great. I'm sorry I can't give out merit badges. I'd just be happy to get two tickets for the UCLA Basketball game. Yeah? Take a look at these. How did you get them? Pam's cousin from Phoenix. I found out her little brother played for the Bruins. Hey, that's fantastic. Listen.. Wait. Her littlebrother plays for the Bruins? How tall is she? Oh, yeh high. - Sure, old buddy. You're kidding, right, Ponch? I mean.. Jump ball. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 