CHiPs: Season 3, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 CHiPs 
 s3e15 - Christmas Watch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 CHiPs (1977–1983): Season 3, Episode 15 - Christmas Watch - full transcript 
 The Christmas season doesn't mean any less work for Jon and Ponch. At the community church, thieves run off with a 15th century bell that means a great deal to the local kids. The thieves ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Seems like every time we go to court it takes longer to get there. Who knows, one of these days we may even get to testify. Next time we bust Nick Ferris, let's do it in LA. That's a deal. Alright. Hey, that guy's in a bigger hurry than we are. Did you see those cops? Put your hands where I can see 'em. Move! Put your hands on your head. Are you hurt? No. No thanks. No thanks to that guy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He could have killed us. Put your hands in the air. You guys were in quite a hurry, weren't you? I was thumbing a ride. He picked me up. I never saw the guy before. Hey, Ponch, look out! Aw, that's gratitude, after I saved your life. Huh, what did you do, steal that car? Look at me. I show up in court like this the judge is gonna skin me alive. Ah, he'll do it to both of us if we're late. Come on, junior. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I do. - Be seated. Officer Baker... is that the appearance you customarily present when you appear in court down in Los Angeles? Uh, no, Your Honor. Actually, my partner and I were involved in a felony arrest that became physical. We didn't have time to change the uniform, so therefore, I apologize. Mr. Weber, you may proceed. For the record, will you state your name and occupation? Officer Jon Baker, State Traffic Officer assigned to central office area. Officer Baker, at the warehouse in question you arrested the defendant, Nick Ferris. To the best of your knowledge, for what purpose was the warehouse being used at that time? To strip stolen cars and ship the parts out of state. 'And will you state what led you to that belief?' '24 hours before the raid' 'my partner and I met with our informant.' Got your warrant? We'll worry about a search warrant. You worry whether or not Nick Ferris will be there, okay? And if he isn't, we've lost him. He's gonna move his business operation and then we're gonna be right back where we started from. He'll be there at the warehouse. Appreciate your information. I, uh, want you to remember one thing. Same as always, keep my name out of it. Is there any doubt? I'll see you. You sure there are no other doors or windows? - I'm sure. - Okay. In there - Police, open up! Don't move. Stay where you are! Do you have a warrant? Hello, sarge. Read it, man. Go ahead. Heh. Just asking. I got nothin' to do with what's goin' on in here. - Came in to use the phone. - This is gonna be good, Jon. Yeah, I've never been in this part of town before. I got lost. I think I'll call the guy for directions. - Put your hand on your head. - Come on. We took Mr. Ferris into custody read him his rights and booked him. Hmm. Officer Baker, thank you. Now, you tell us what a subsequent search of that warehouse revealed. Objection, Your Honor. State it, Mr. Simon. It seems to me the prosecution is getting slightly ahead of itself here. At this point in time what a search of that warehouse revealed is of no concern whatsoever to the defense in this case, Your Honor. You see, my client, Mr. Ferris was in that warehouse by accident 'and will maintain so' until the officer's informant is named and his credibility is, uh, is established. Oh, come on. We both know what Mr. Ferris was doing in the warehouse. Your Honor, the evidence code specifies that when disclosure of an informant's identity shall be deemed necessary to ensure the defendant a fair trial. Yeah, I'm.. ...I'm familiar with the evidence code, Mr. Simon. Thank you, Your Honor. Continue, counselor. Um, may I have a moment to confer with my witness, Your Honor. You certainly may. Thank you. He's gonna ask you to reveal your source. There's no way I can do that. He's not gonna give you a choice. He's gonna order you to. It'll be reversed, doesn't he realize that? Oh, yeah, he realizes that. He doesn't care. He's a very tough judge. I know him. I mean, there's nobody that wants Ferris behind bars more than we do. But I mean, we gave our word. We can't do that, Sam. Let me put it to you this way. Are you willing to go to jail for that punk over there? I can't say the idea appeals to me, no. To me, it stinks. That's what it's gonna come to. Mr. Weber, it's almost lunchtime. Uh, Your Honor.. I'm certain that the court realizes that an officer of the law cannot be required to reveal the identity of an informant unless-- Unless that revelation is needed to ensure a fair trial for the defendant, Your Honor. Thank you, Mr. Simon. May I remind you again that the bench is thoroughly familiar with the evidence code of the State of California. Have I made myself perfectly clear, sir? Yes, Your Honor. Officer Baker, as much as I respect your testimony the defendant in this case is entitled to a fair and impartial hearing. Therefore, not without reluctance I charge you to reveal the name of your informant. Are you prepared to do so? No, sir, I am not. Is that your final word on this subject? Afraid so, Your Honor. I'll take it from here. This your first time behind bars? Well, I was Prisoner of Zenda once in a high school play. This won't be as bad as you think. Judge said to put you on keep away. Yeah, it'll be my luck I'll run into somebody I help put in here. Oh, no chance. Keep away means we book you here and bring your meals to your cell. What's more, you've got your own private baby-sitter. Deputy Collins here. Howdy. Hi. Sorry to put y'all in this trouble. You could avoid the whole thing, you know. Well, listen, the temptation's there, I agree. Well, the judge said to give him a call the minute you feel like cooperating. Yeah, I'll remember that. Sergeant Getraer. What? Look, Poncherello, if this is some sort of joke, I-- Yeah. Okay, Frank. I'm on my way. I'm, uh, sorry about your partner, but, uh.. ...you people made a big mistake. I hope you're aware of it. - Oh, absolutely. You see, my client was in that warehouse by a quirk of fate. Nothing more. Sure, and I'm the Wicked Witch of the West. - He doesn't look too happy. - Well, you shouldn't be either. You see, he could name that informant, too and he just might do that. Not that way. Hold it. It looks like, uh, you have a full house. So, what else is new? - Down there. Haven't felt so important in ages. Not quite as drafty as the rest. If you need anything, don't bother to ask. Checkmate. That's one a piece. How about a tiebreaker? Uh, how 'bout steppin' outside for a movie instead? I was figurin' on it. Tonight...with a real fine date. Then I got called to baby-sit you. Uh, look, would it help if I apologized? Not really. 'No reflection upon you, sergeant' but I expected LA to send me at least a lieutenant. To make me see the error of my ways. Well, maybe LA thinks I'm expendable. My reputation's that bad, huh? Come in. 'Oh, well..' Mr. Simon for the defense. Mr. Weber for the prosecution. - Sergeant.. - Uh, Getraer. Getraer... have a seat, gentlemen. Uh, you have the writ from the Attorney General, I assume. Uh, that was my plan. As yet, we've been unable to locate him. We, uh... we tried to get him and we didn't have any luck. Hmm. I thought it was proper that both of you were here before the sergeant had his say. We appreciate the courtesy, Your Honor. You know, what's one more oriental dinner more or less, with my fiance? Fire when ready, sergeant. Uh, Your Honor.. ...the court knows as well as I do that as soon as we get word to the Attorney General Officer Baker's contempt citation will be set aside. Of course. I expected it to be. Well, if that's the case, speaking candidly why insist upon humiliating one of my finest officers? - Sergeant, sergeant-- - That's alright, Mr. Weber. I understand the sergeant's feelings. 'Continue, please.' Something else, of which I'm sure the court is aware no law enforcement agency in this country could operate nowadays without its informants. Now, that's not the way we like it but it happens to be true. That's why there's a section entitled privileged information that was written into the evidence code. - Yes, but that evidence code-- - Mr. Simon, please. You'll get your turn. Go on, sergeant. Well, uh.. ...I'm no lawyer, but, uh.. ...as I interpret the code I've got a man behind bars who is doing what any cop worth his salt would do. He chose to protect the identity of an informant who is acting in the public interest. 'And according to that code' that informant's name may be kept secret as long as he was not a participant in the alleged crime. "People vs Salcedo, 1957." Thank you very much, Mr. Weber. Also...also, it wouldn't do the defense one iota of good to know the informant's identity. Therefore, according to the code his name may be kept secret. Please, Your Honor, may I speak? Go ahead, Mr. Simon, before you have a stroke. Thank you. Now, I take it you know the informant's name, right? No, sir. I do not. Oh, you do not. Well, then you're admitting that this guy could be some raving lunatic-- Oh, come on now. You can do this in court-- Gentlemen, please! There was nothing wrong with the information that he gave us, was there? Irrelevant, your honor. Until it's determined that disclosure of the informant's name won't aid the defense. What about that, sergeant? Are you sure that information wouldn't help the defense? Yes, sir. I know Jon Baker and I trust his judgment. Your Honor, please. Do you have anything to say, Mr. Weber? Yeah, I think we can sit here and cite case law until we're blue in the face. It's not gonna alter the facts. Now, the arresting officers had a legitimate search warrant for the warehouse. The accused was there exactly as the informant said he would be standing not more than 20 feet away from a half dozen stolen cars. Of course, he says he's there by accident. 'Now people, of course, contend' 'that he's there conducting illegal business' 'to the detriment of the state, right?' We, therefore, respectfully urge that you reverse your decision release the officer from custody and allow us to protect the informant's identity. I don't think you're goin' anywhere. So take your time. How's it goin', Jon? Fine, as soon as you tell me that guy doesn't know what he's talkin' about. Uh, you aren't gonna tell me that? We've been doing our very best to reach the Attorney General. Unfortunately, his office was closed for business by the time we tried to reach him. Well, have you talked to the judge? Oh, went the route with him. Didn't make the slightest impression. That's incredible. I mean hasn't he read the evidence code? He's read paragraph one, I can tell you that. Would you, uh... care for a summary? Yeah, please. It says that the government cannot undertake prosecution and then invoke privileges like protecting an informant's identity to deprive the accused of anything which might be material to his defense. Beautiful. That's the bottom line. He told me in chambers not 5 minutes ago. I mean, who appointed this Towers to the bench Attila the Hun? Where's Ponch? He's meeting with your informant. Uh, would you like to know his name? Ah, heh heh. No, thanks. One of us in jail is plenty. But, uh, there is somethin' I want you to know, Jon. I'm proud of you. 'No, really. I mean that. Sincerely.' Well, I appreciate that, Joe, but, uh.. ...if what I'm tryin' to do in here is so noble then how come I feel so dirty? Because you're in jail. That's why. Yeah, I guess I never really thought about it before. Sure is a miserable feeling. So, your buddy's in the slammer. Wonderful. Might do him some good. Give him a new outlook. As a matter of fact I kind of wish you were in there, too. I'm not about to go to jail, Marty. You might bear that in mind. We made a deal. I deliver Ferris. You keep my name out of it. Now that's the way it's got to be. You don't care whether Ferris walks or not, do you? Oh, I care. Believe me, I care. If he finds out I rolled over on him I run, I don't walk to the nearest morgue. 'Cause that's where I wind up. Ferris can't do a thing if he's behind bars. Your testimony could put him there and, at the same time, get my partner out of jail. How much time does he get? Three to five? Then what happens to me when he gets out? I'll tell ya. He blows me away like a feather in a big breeze. You may have a point there, I suppose. We made a deal. I took care of my end of it. Now it's up to you guys to take care of yours. Well, it can't hurt to ask. That's it. Like the man says.. ...that's the way you play the game. Yes, judge, that's correct. We spoke yesterday. I understand perfectly-- Yes, sir, I'll do that. 'You know, I can't believe it. One minute' 'Jon's on the witness stand' 'the next minute he's slammer bound.' 'How do you like that, huh?' Doesn't this judge know what side of the law he's supposed to be on? Sounds to me like he's on our side but what can he really do for him? Hey, I'm all for jailing crooks but there's a limit to how far I'll go. That makes two of us, man. And when the Attorney General hears about it that contempt citation will be set aside immediately. Tell Jon he's got nothin' to worry about. 'Why don't you tell him yourself?' 'Hey!' Hold it, everybody! We have among us a man of principle our resident jailbird. I'd like to ask him one thing. Would you do it again? Well, I'll tell you, Grossie, uh.. I'd really have to think about that-that. I'm not sure. Hey, what time did they let you out, Jon? Reveille. - Oh, reveille, 0500. - Ooh. - Oh-oh. It took the Attorney General long enough, didn't it? 'Yeah, he was on a fishing trip.' No one on his staff could find him until midnight. Well, at least you're out, and that's the important thing. What? I just got off the phone with Judge Towers. He wants you in court within the hour. Uh, you too. By the way. Come on, get moving. Come on, partner. Hey, man, that guy's gonna lose his load. We ought to tell him. No, I got a better idea. You're nuts, you know that? It was a bunch of kids in a pickup truck. Uh, I saw 'em cut the rope. You get the license number? You bet I did. Hey, look out! Hate to ask you the question, but, uh.. ...is that you I smell, or uh.. ...is that me? What difference does it make, man in the courtroom, we'll both be guilty. Yeah. Are you guys crazy? Well, look at you. What-what is this stuff? We got fertilized. Yeah, why don't you drop a seed on us and watch it grow? Oh. 'All rise.' 'Department 42 superior court' 'in and for the city of Capra Linda is now in session.' 'Judge Douglas Towers presiding.' Thank you, Bailiff. Be seated. Ah-ah. Stick around. I may need you. Why, I thought you had this thing wrapped up. No, no, just maybe. Stick around. Have a seat. Your Honor, permission to approach the bench? Granted. Your Honor, I would like to apologize for my witnesses. On their way over here, they were involved in a rather, uh.. ...unfortunate incident. What fell on 'em, an outhouse or what? Yeah, something like that. It was a line-of-duty accident. They're very sorry, Your Honor. Very well, Counsel. Mr. Simon, for the time being, at least I'm denying your motion made in my chambers for dismissal of charges. - But, Your Honor-- - No buts, Mr. Simon. Return to your seat. You may call your next witness, Mr. Weber. Officer Francis Poncherello. Officer Francis Poncherello. I'm gonna get that sinking feeling. Right hand. Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? - I do. - Be seated. Officer Poncherello with reference to previous testimony given in evidence by your partner Officer Baker were you present when an informant volunteered that Mr. Ferris would be at the warehouse in question? I was, yes, sir. So the identity of that informant is known to you, is that correct? That's correct. Officer Poncherello, are you willing at this time to disclose the name of that informant? Did you hear the question, officer? Yes, sir. Please answer. I cannot do that, Your Honor. Your Honor, in view of the officer's refusal-- Sit down, Mr. Simon. But, Your Honor-- Sit down, sir. Yes, sir. Officer.. I understand your reluctance to name an informant. 'Believe me, I sympathize with your position.' However.. ...in the interests of justice.. I repeat, in the interests of justice I cannot let it go at that. I hereby direct you to answer the question. I'm sorry, Your Honor. I have to refuse. Officer Poncherello.. ...I have given you a lawful order. You havethe ability to answer. 'You refuse to do so.' That failure, willful failure to respond.. ...leaves me no choice... ...but to find you in contempt of this court. 'Bailiff.' 'Take this man into custody.' Your Honor, may I call my next witness? You may call Officer Jon Baker to the witness stand. Officer Jon Baker. Your Honor, if you'll permit me I think I can save the court some time. I suggest you give me your ID cards and anything else on your person that makes you look like cops. They'll pick up everything else down at the booking room. I gather that means no more keep-away. My orders are to make you look like jailbirds and take you down to the booking room. Is there a phone we can use? The booking room. You get one call. Again? Ah, I don't believe it. Believe it or not, in about five minutes there's this tank down here's gonna be holding two more fish. That judge must be out of his mind. At this rate, you guys could be in and out of jail forever. Look, according to Sam Weber the judge is perfectly within his rights. You know, the question is what are we gonna do about it? I don't know, Jon but look, I promise you I'll get back to the Attorney General as soon as I hang up. Right. Uh, keep in touch. Uh. Right. Well, how did I do? Congratulations. I think you just blew a new modern record. Do you claim it, kid? I want you to sit here now, and.. ...reflect on your sins, okay? - Been a long day. - I know. But just do me one favor.. ...don't pass out. Who, me? Never. Next. Empty your pockets. Turn them inside out. Lay the contents on the counter. State your name and address. 'Hopefully, if they can find the Attorney General again' 'Baker and Poncherello will be released' within a matter of hours but, uh, that's not going to solve their problem. I can see a pattern developing. Right. As soon as the AG sets aside one contempt citation that judge imposes another. I think they call it revolving-door justice. Isn't there something we can do? Oh, maybe there is. I've just gotten back from that warehouse where Nick Ferris was arrested. There must be a dozen cars in the area illegally parked. Now, if Ferris was there more than once and not just by accident as he claims to have been it's possible that he might have been cited for illegal parking and if so, there's a record of it and we know the license number. I can smell what's coming. I've already been in contact with LAPD traffic division. As soon as you guys get down there there'll be all sorts of citations to read and enjoy. Like how many? A copy of every parking ticket written within the LA city limits over the past three months. Oh, there's the door. What are you waiting for? - 'Come on, go.' - Let's go. Good luck. Ah, they're mostly thieves and wife beaters. Don't pay any attention to them. Can hardly wait to get acquainted. Presidential suite, gentlemen. Make yourselves comfortable. Chow-down's at 4:30. Hope you had lunch. I didn't even have breakfast. That's too bad. Oh. Tired. That one's yours. What is this stuff? In the service, we had a name for it but, uh, I don't wanna spoil your appetite. I've eaten better food than this in a Vietnam rice paddy. Hey, no more war stories, huh? This food is bad enough. There's a rumor going around that you guys are heat. 'Are you?' Huh, whatever gave you that idea? I heard the same thing. Well, uh, rumor probably got started because we're schoolteachers. Yeah. I don't get it. Neither do I. We teach civil obedience. Yeah, well, where do you teach? What school? Go on. Tell him. Let's just say it's one of the largest campuses in the state, huh? Oh, yeah? Cal state? UCLA? Has to be one of the two, am I right? If you mind I'd just keep that a secret, you know what I mean? Hey, man, I understand. The less people know about me in here, the better I like it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yes. Hey, Grossie, you still have that personalized plate, haven't you? Sure. Why? Didn't you call in sick one day last week uh, Wednesday? Uh, I don't remember. Really, what is it, a bad case of sunburn, Grossie? Ow! I don't follow you. Well, according to this, on Wednesday last your car was over parked at Malibu Beach. ' - Give me that. How you guys doing? Hey, food! Hallelujah! Hope you slaves like hot pastrami. - I adore it! - Yep. Ah, down, Grossman. Just keep working. Did they find the Attorney General yet? Negative. The fish weren't biting where he was so they changed camp. We're still looking. Well, what do you know? Well, speak, man. That's his license number. Issued to Nick Ferris one week before he was arrested. "6700 block of Littleton" right across from the warehouse. Great, that takes care of that. Let's go home. Sit down, Grossman. Right. If Ferris got one ticket there he might have gotten more. 'Spring heralds the arrival' 'of a new generation of desert wildlife.' 'The Mojave sparrows searching for young insects..' If I've ever felt worse in my life I forget when it was. You ever have that experience? Oh, if you're talking about being picked up for drunk driving, the answer's no. When my wife hears about this, she'll kill me. As for my kids, they'll probably never speak to me again. Not that I blame them. Look, uh, what was the occasion? You mean, why did I get plowed? - Yeah. - My lucky day. I got a pay raise. Oh. Oh, good for you. What I should have done was go right home...but not me. I'm not that smart. I change clothes go straight to a bar and start tossing 'em down like there's no tomorrow. Yeah, I bet I can guess the finish. Climb into my heap, pull out from the curb.. [imitates loud screech, impact] And run spang into a patrol car. How do you like that for a finish? No, I can honestly say that I feel for you. But just like that, my career is down the drain. Oh, no, wait a minute. What kind of work do you do? I'm a bus driver. '...the Mojave, the desert cricket' 'stakes his claim on a parcel of land.' 'But the dominant male temporarily abandons the female' 'leaving her defenseless against intruders.' Hey, what's the big idea? 'Bedtime, teach.' 'This is not a classroom.' 'Hm.' Lights out in one minute. Hey, what if I wanna read awhile? What are you gonna read, the walls? Come on. Listen, how do I call for room service? 'You wait till your mama brings you a sandwich.' 'Did you hear that?' Hey, you know something? Yeah, it's only 9 O'clock. The last time I went to bed at 9 O'clock I couldn't have been over nine years old. Yeah. Takes some gettin' used to, I guess, huh? Hm, I never would. Ha, ha. You know, it was just last night, uh.. ...in my private room. I was thinking I helped send a lot of guys to places like this. Yeah, but they deserved it. We don't. Oh, yeah, but even so, every time it happened I felt sorry for the guy, I mean.. Well, on second thought, almost every time. There were a few exceptions. I was thinking just now about a kid I was raised with.. ...a friend of mine. He's been in jail for ten years. And has a lifetime to go, you know. Who'd he kill? Another friend of mine. Guess they must be having trouble finding the Attorney General again, huh? Yeah. Hey, Ponch, crazy business of ours, isn't it? Here we are locked up in here and the crook we're after is out there running free as a bird. Hey, uh.. ...you been having second thoughts on naming our informer? Huh? Uh, I asked you a question? Are you havin'.. Wake up, you jailbirds! Rise and shine! Ah, let me hear the feet hit the floor! You guys wanna stay in those sacks forever? Hey, what time is it, man? 0500. You wanna sleep forever? Come on, wake up! Ah! 'Your honor, I think it's quite clear' 'from these parking citations' 'that Mr. Ferris was committing perjury.' It is quite evident that he was at or in the vicinity of that warehouse quite frequently. Bailiff, I hereby direct that Mr. Ferris' bail be lifted immediately 'and that he be directed to appear.' Furthermore, I direct that bench warrants be issued in the matter of these unpaid parking citations. Mr. Simon, I will see you in court. Hey, what happened to you guys? No wonder they put you in jail. Just wanna ask you one thing get ahold of the Attorney General? Yeah, we did better than that. Come on. The judge wants to say something. Gentlemen. I now wish to address a few short remarks to a couple of fine highway patrolmen 'whom I had the unpleasant duty' of humiliating publicly in a recent hearing in this court. Officer Baker, Officer Poncherello I would like to make it a matter of record that the court regrets its actions 'and to compliment both of you on your integrity.' Uh, fellas, um.. I have a nice stall shower in my chambers and you're both welcome to use it. - Thank you, Your honor. - Thank you. - Thank you. - You guys. So you spent a couple hours in the slammer. So what? Now you know how the other half lives. Hey, listen, Marty. Ferris skipped bail. Now, you know what that means. Means you still owe us, pal. Okay. Only because I appreciate what you guys have done. Okay, win or lose, we're even? Right. Ferris is starting a new operation on the East side. He'll be there the first thing in the morning. Give me a pencil and a piece of paper. Now, you're sure he's gonna be there? Positive. He's selling out. Thanks. It's the same car, same license plate that received those parking citations. Should have gone back for another search warrant so we could have grabbed him on the premises. All I wanna do is grab him. Lost again, Mr. Ferris? What'd you do, stop to make another phone call? I thought you guys were in jail. Yeah, we were, but now it's your turn. - Come on. - Out. Let's go. Sure is quiet around here. Too quiet if you ask me. What? Alright, you guys. You can, uh, come out now. Just wanted you fellas to feel right at home. I bet you both look darling in blue. Oh, yeah, and just think, any time you get homesick all's you have to do is stand in your locker. - Let's. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 