CHiPs: Season 3, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 CHiPs 
 s3e20 - Tow Truck Lady - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 CHiPs (1977–1983): Season 3, Episode 20 - Tow Truck Lady - full transcript 
 A tow truck driver, who is friends with Jon and Ponch, is in debt after his wife passed away. He is now stealing cars to pay off a loan shark. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Get ready. We're turning on jump run. Hey, Ponch, you okay? Yeah, I was just thinking about the custom of yelling "Geronimo" when you jump. Started in "World war II" with American paratroopers. Yeah, he was a famous Apache Indian warrior. Great fighting image. Yeah, I know that but I still can't see why they yell "Geronimo." Geronimo's real name was Goyathlay. How'd you like to jump out of a plane and yell, "Goyathlay?" 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Okay, jump! You know, I got a better word. Help! Looks like top dollar, huh? Oh, yeah, yeah, that's it. Yep. Listen, my man, now, why don't you hand me the master key, huh? Heh. Uh, next time, I'm gonna see how close I can come to landing on the target. Diane won two target competitions last year. - Yeah. Well, I guess I'll just, uh, rope me a little teacher. Just for that, you have to put my chute away. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, listen, why don't you get your horse and bring him out here and I'll hold him. And you can drop right into the saddle, huh? I don't think he'd like that. Hey! 'Guys, look, there's my Mercedes!' All smokies in the vicinity of Skyway Park. Off-duty CHP Officer Poncherello, badge B-600 in pursuit of a red, stolen Mercedes. Mercedes accompanied by a man on a motorcycle. Request assistance. Whoo-hoo! Come on, baby! '15 David, 11-85 responding.' '15-5, David, 11-82, northbound..' I heard Bonnie's call, but she didn't say there was an accident. Hey, Grossie, how'd you get here? - On my motorcycle. Boathouse Road. Are those the guys you were chasing? Nope. 'Listen, I'll call you' if there's any further questions, okay? Got an ambulance rolling. What happened? Fugitive car was passing across the double line and then that guy came around the curve. Lucky nobody's badly hurt. Look, did you see Diane's Mercedes? - Yeah. Oh, no. Is that the stolen you were after? Must've turned off into the city. Or into these hills. You could fight the battle of Gettysburg out here, and nobody would know it. If you don't need me, I'm gonna look around. I'll stay with Bonnie. You guys better go tell Diane. Yeah, she's gonna be thrilled. - There you go. - Yeah. ♪ The filter bone's connected to the carburetor bone ♪ ♪ The carburetor bone's connected to the car bone ♪ ♪ The car bone's connected to the motor bone ♪ ♪ Motor bone's connected to the shaft bone ♪ ♪ The shaft bone's connected to the frame bone ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of Detroit ♪ ♪ I said now hear.. ♪ 'Hey, hey, hey, look at this.' Looks like we got ourselves a bonus, huh? Wow, yeah.. ...that's nice. Uh! Oh, look at that, look at that, man. A piece of that plane just fell off. Mike, I think we should be like, you know good citizens and report that. - Sure. Well, how are we gonna explain how come we saw what I don't think you saw in the first place, huh? Come on, come on. Come on. Let's get back to work. Ooh, boy. ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of Detroit ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of Detroit ♪♪ Next time, Juan, you come up with a new approach route. There's too many gawkers here. Sky divers have big eyes and long noses. Uh, now the underwriters would have to be assured Miss Wayborne, that this actually is the remains of your vehicle. Well, you're assured. Our sergeant found this Mercedes on Motor Avenue this morning. We already checked out the numbers. Well, then my company will probably have to pay off. The blue book value, of course. Blue book? This car is worth more now than when I paid for it. I'll be out at least $4000. If you'll read your policy, Miss Wayborne page two, clause thirty eight-- Mr. Heller, excuse me. Most companies make reasonable adjustments. Uh, that's a decision for my supervisor. But just remember, whatever you've lost we've lost much more. I personally have paid off three claims like this in the last 20 days. There's no way you can lose. I mean, as auto theft goes up, so does insurance rates. So, I mean the public pays, not you. Well, that's the American way, Officer Baker. Hey, we got kinda of a negative lead on your girlfriend's Mercedes. Well, that's better than no lead at all. Yeah, same MOS in four other cases one car at a time. So I think it's probably not a big operation maybe just the two baddies you guys eyeballed. If nothing else, they must be selling the parts they strip. Well, nothing's been turning up, black market or otherwise. Auto theft has been trying, but, um.. Maybe they're shipping them out of state. 'Maybe.' But cameras and other incidental stuff from the cars have been turning up in local pawn shops and such. Come on, sarge, they're not stripping cars for exercise. They got to be selling those parts somewhere. Well, that's a very astute observation. Why don't you stick it in the suggestion box, hmm. Do we have a suggestion box? Well, maybe we should. That's the American way. Listen, why don't we take a spin out toward Hobrin Road? We might spot the clouters. It's a long shot. It's way off our beat. We'll use our lunch break. They're on a different course than last time. We're in the wrong place again. Come on, let's get back to the airport. You wanna get your hands on all that good stuff? - Well, yeah. - Well, come on, let's go. You just brought yourself a police escort. They're still coming on. They must have tail rockets. What are you doing? Well, they're asking for it. Alright, as you are. Okay, speedy, I got a loaded 38 under my left arm and my badge in my right-hand coat pocket. Alright, the badge, very carefully. Drug enforcement. Well, well, he can read. Yeah, but his lips moved. Hey, partner, we got ourselves a couple of super cops here. That's why they refused to yield. You wheelie-boppers know the penalty for obstructing federal officers? No, but we do know you feds are above all the laws since Moses, right? Alright, smart mouth, it isn't funny. We were trying to intercept a shipment a million dollars worth of drugs. You two dummies queered it. Would you forgive us, please, the stop was unintentional. Unintentional? Our sergeant promised us an ice-cream cone if we'd come out here and ride fast, flash our lights toot our sirens, and chew gum at the same time. 'So we're out here practicing.' 'So if you want to crank this tank up over 55' we'll try to catch you one more time. Jon, what flavor ice Tutti-frutti. It go down ,alright? 'Just like always, sir.' Good, good. Any reason why it wouldn't? No, no, it's, uh.. ...it's just that, uh.. ...Miller and Juan saw a couple of guys snooping around the plane out at Van Nuys. - 'Could be.' You know, I think we better beef up our patrol around the ranch. Alright, item 1785-B. Chassis of a Mercedes 450 SL, with 4 brand-new radials. Do I hear $1000? Do I hear a $1000? I got $1000. 'Do I hear 1100? Do I hear 1100?' 'I got a 1000 do I hear a 1100?' '$1100. Do I hear 12?' I got $1100, let me hear 12. I got $1100, let me hear 12. I got $1200. Do I hear 13? I got $1200, do I hear 13? Fourteen hundred dollars. '$1400! Do I hear 15?' Fourteen, I got 14. Do I hear 15? Fifteen hundred dollars? $1400 going once.. $1400 going twice.. 'Alright, sir.' You can pick up your pink slip and registration at the office. Hey, what does everybody feel like doing? There's a new disco on Montgomery if you like to dance. Hey, look, if Ponch could sky-dive as well as he danced he wouldn't need a parachute. Hey, Geronimo. Hey! 'That's my Mercedes.' What are you doing with my car? Hold it a minute, hold it a minute how do you know this is your Mercedes? Does a mother know her own child? I know that's my car. Lady, you're cute, but you're very much mistaken. - Now, if you don't mind-- - Now, wait just a minute. My name's Jon Baker. This is Frank Poncherello. This is Shari Johns and this is Miss Diane Wayborne. We're California highway patrolmen. Miss Wayborne had her Mercedes stolen recently. Stolen! Well, if you think I stole this car you're very much-- I don't think anything. I'm sorry to bother you. I'd like to see your registration, please. Well, alright. Uh, there's the temporary registration and here's my driver's license. - It's her car. - Aw, come on. Now, I bought this car. Yes, that's obvious. Guess who he bought it from. John Smith. Wait a minute. What does all this mean? Well, I would guess that John Smith parked this car somewhere with a "for sale" sign on it and you bought it. So what? If the car wasn't his to sell they'd stop the change of registration. Now, I don't understand this. Yeah. I'm just beginning to. Wait, wha.. You're letting him go? It's his car. My car is his car? Jon will explain it. I don't understand. The car was legally registered to a John Smith. Whoever he may be. The only way they can do it is at the auction. They buy the chassis, then they get the pink slip legally 'and put back the parts that they stripped.' But the registration number proves thiscar is Diane's. Was Diane's. She waived all rights when the insurance company paid her off and sold the chassis for junk. And the clouters for, like, peanuts have themselves an almost new 450 SL. That's quite a business they're in. Hey, buy low, sell high. It's the American way. You gonna eat that hamburger or just sit there and poke it to death? Um, I'm not hungry, Ponch. Well, why'd you order it? I don't know. The picture looked good on the menu. Well, next time, order the picture. It's cheaper. Hey, look, why are we sitting here at our lunch break chomping away, when we could be outside starving looking for those clouters? We're sitting here at our lunch break chomping away when we could be out there starving looking for the clouters because our sergeant told us to leave said clouters to auto theft. That's why we're sitting here chompin' away. - Hey, guys. - Hi. - Pretty good. - Oh, I'm hungry. Excuse me. Uh, hey, listen, uh.. Do you want this hamburger? Oh, no, thanks. Well, it's still hot. Go ahead. No, I don't think so. Half Okay. Why not? Make that a buck. Should've held out. ♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪♪ Go for it, baby. Yeah! Hit it. - Yeah! - Yeah. What are you doin'? Trouble is, Jon, there are dozens of these wagon tracks around here. We could be out here the rest of our lives and not get anywhere. 'Units in the vicinity of Edgewood and Pine' 'citizen's report of a white Camaro' 'license 714, Roger Sam Adam.' 'Stolen 15 ago from the parking lot at that address.' 'Last seen northbound on Pine.' Bingo, baby. Uh-oh, bad guys running. Not ours, are they? No. Hey, it's our wheelie-boppers. What What happened The bad guys turned off, the wheelie-boppers went right by them. Well, it's our duty as fellow law enforcement officers to inform the wheelie-boppers that they're on the wrong track. - True. Hey, wheelie-boppers! They won't listen. You did your duty, I'll vouch for that. There's nothing down there. Yeah, they must've turned off. Spot somethin'? I think somethin' spotted me. I don't believe it. These guys are more trouble than a guilty conscience. Hey! Hey, beat it, you guys! You're blowing a surveillance here. Yeah, nice view from up here. Yeah, you think they saw anything unusual on the road? Hey, you heard what the man said, beat it! Those guys we were chasing weren't speeders. They were car thieves. Hey, listen, we're looking to bust up a dope ring here. You're cramping our act with a couple of two Go on, beat it, before I call your truant officer! Jon, there's only a couple of places down there they could hide. Yeah, maybe we should go search. We don't wanna get these nice, narcs mad at us. Yeah. Hold it! Hold it! Did I hear you say you wanna cooperate? Alright. Let's talk. But not here. According to our contact in Mexico the heroin's being flown across the border regularly in a Beechcraft. But when we case the Beech at Van Nuys it's always squeaky clean. Well, there must be a drop-off en route somewhere. Right, now, if you two guys will butt out we can determine if it's in the area that we're assigned to. Yeah, you go busting in there with sirens and guns you could spook the whole operation. Look, we aren't going to butt out. I mean, we have something at stake here, too. But I'll tell you what we will do if you tell us where those guys turned off we'll just go in there quietly. Out of uniform, like back packers. A couple of hikers shouldn't spook your dopers. And if we don't tell you? Well, then we go in like our sergeant taught us riding fast, flashing lights tootin' our sirens, and, uh, chewing gum. Chewing gum, yeah. Alright. It was Badger Canyon. Well, I guess we're gonna have to report this to Getraer. Oh, absolutely, that's for sure. Then he's gonna turn it over to auto theft and tell us to stay clear. Unless we insist it's our case so we say we're gonna follow it through. Hey, right, that's the right approach. Why don't you tell him? - Yeah. It was your idea. Yeah, but I hate to see him turn purple. Well, maybe you ought to come up with a different angle, then. How does, uh, sneaky, sound to you? Sneaky? Yeah, that has a nice ring to it. Good. Then we'll take tomorrow off. Yeah. He'll never suspect that. Bonnie wasn't exaggerating about this area. It just goes on and on and, on.. Badger Canyon's about a quarter mile ahead. Yah! We better give that baby a wide birth. Nah. Looks harmless to me. Yeah, that's what Adam said about the apple. Are we safe? Well, I don't think he's gonna charge. Yeah, well, I know why. We don't have anything red on. Well, uh.. Ponch, bulls are color-blind. They go for anything that moves, as a rule. Yeah? Well, then, why were we moving? In case he didn't know the rule. Hey, my pack. Too late. Hi. I caught these two prowlin' around the creek bed, Mr. Dexter. You had to know you were trespassing. Don't tell me you didn't see the signs. Oh, yeah, we saw the signs. See...we're police officers. Highway patrol. Yeah, we got a tip that there's some car thieves holed up in Badger Canyon. Yeah? You know anything about that, Stark? No. None of us has spotted anyone, Mr. Dexter. Well, we, uh, certainly wanna cooperate with the law. Stark, why don't you put some of the boys together and give these gentlemen a hand. Oh, that's alright. This is police business. We'll take care of it, thank you. Oh, well, suit yourself. Uh, sorry about my foreman leaning on you a little bit. But the stock gets a little spooky around strangers. Yeah, no sweat. No trouble at all. Now, I know what a lynching party must've looked like in the good old days, eh? Follow 'em. But stay out of sight. We need two-bit crooks here attracting the fuzz like a toad needs warts. If they don't find those two you find 'em, you understand? 'You're an old ranch hand, Jon.' 'Does your modern, up-to-date, 1980's cowboy' 'go around armed like an old' No, not even the old-time gunslingers went around armed like gunslingers. Of course, that fellow Dexter was nice enough-- You're wrong? - Right. Aha! Just what I thought. So I got his fingerprints on my badge. - Hey, what-- - Hold it-- What? - Look here-- - Listen-- Somebody behind us, right? Right, and someone up ahead. Come on. ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Them cars them cars we're gonna strip ♪ ♪ Now hear the word of Detroit ♪♪ Well, if that guy had a guitar he could probably make an honest living. Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm saving up for one, man. Uh, who is you dudes? We dudes is the heat. Oh, no! What are you talking about? Hey, trust me, man. Okay, man, we're ready to make a deal. Yeah. Well, this isn't where deals are made. Why don't you talk to your lawyer? Yeah, well, you see, uh, what we got it ain't that solid. It's just sort of a.. It's kind of a clue, like. And, uh, see, what we're figuring is, like, you two dudes like, can, uh, maybe develop it into something more solid. - Yeah. Well, uh, you promise to put a good word in for us if this turns out to be a biggie. We'll do what we can. Oh. Okay. Well, it's, like, last week, right? While we're in the canyon, huh? We see this airplane flying overhead. So, this airplane.. A piece of it fell off. - You know, or-- ' Well, I think, here, look, what he's trying to say.. ...is that something fell off the airplane kinda like it was.. What? Like it was dropped. Yeah. - Well.. That's somethin', uh, you guys are gonna have to develop. What did this plane look like? It looked like a big bird! That's what it looked like. Bonnie. Okay, you two follow me. - Ooh! Right on! - Wow! I can't tell you.. Hey, we got a deal, right, boys? I'll be back. What deal? They said they saw a plane drop something out there. That's it. Zoyak's gotta be the guy taking delivery. Zoyak? Ponch, we made that print of Dexter's from your badge case but Dexter isn't his name. His name is Harry Zoyak. He was the chief suspect in a bust we made last year. We put a lot of dopers in the can, but not Zoyak. He beat the possession rap. Why don't you stake out the ranch and bust these guys the next time around? Stake it out There's 10-square miles of area out there. They change the drop zone each time. And even if we spot him in the air by the time we get any ground troops in there the junk'll be long gone. What about choppers? No, their airplane gets one whiff of a chopper it's scoots right back across the border. We already tried it twice. Alright, alright, look, since this is our case, I suggest-- Wait a minute, what do you mean "your case?" Sure, our case. While you were playing drag race who made Zoyak for you, huh? The wheelie-boppers. Alright, we'll give you that. Oh, hey, Jon, they give us that. Hey, hey, knock it off. Jon, you had an idea. What is it? Sky divers. We got any sky divers, Mike? Well, you don't need any sky divers, Mike. You got sky divers. We're sky divers.. ...and it's our case. We're not high enough to have much canopy time, Jon. Did you ever jump this low before? Sky-diving, no. Parachuted a couple times in 'Nam. What we have to do is wait until the needle's well into the red before we open. Otherwise, we'll be hanging there and they'll be getting away. Now, don't cut it too thin. There's nothing soft to land on. I think he's making his run. Alright, he made his drop. Let's go! Alright, hold it, both of you. Police officers. Ho! Ho, boy! Okay, stand up. Stay right there. Okay, get walking. Well, it's an unbroken chain of evidence. Now, if you two guys are as good on a witness stand as you are at flashing your lights and tooting your sirens we'll lock up this whole sha-bang. Listen, Jed, we gotta get going. Just want you two guys to know the check is paid. We bought your lunch. Stay well, gentlemen. Alright, see you in court. Nice guys once you get to know them. Well, they popped for lunch, they ain't all that bad. Better call Diane and Shari and thank them for the sky-diving les.. What's the matter, don't you like strawberry? I was expecting tutti-frutti. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 