Belgravia: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Belgravia 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Belgravia (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What have you to do in Manchester? I want to see some people. He cheats the customs men when he imports cotton. Tell your friend to get his money out while he still can. I know this is hard for you. All this is because your son hates his own nephew? He doesn't know the truth. It's time to acknowledge him. If he's acknowledged as a Bellasis, we must give up our grandson. When I was packing, I found some letters of Miss Sophia's. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We must make copies, now. Where are the originals? Mr Bellasis wants the originals! You do not surprise me. I made the copies. I know what's in them. Charles Pope is my grandson. In the letters the girl calls the marriage a sham. We must find out about Bouverie. He was in fact the Honourable Richard Bouverie. So you mean the wedding in Brussels before the battle was, erm... was valid? Absolutely! Whomever he married were definitely husband and wife. These are the letters you wrote? They are. Every word is true? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Every word is gospel. Hm. What price did you offer Mrs Girton for the factory? What? You say you agreed a deal with her which Charles then wrecked. I would like to know what price you offered for the factory. CHUCKLING I can't remember. I called on Mrs Girton yesterday. I know you offered two thousand pounds. Mr Pope offered the market price - eight thousand pounds. He overpaid! I think not. But I don't understand your complaint against him. Well, er... I read here that he "bullied and terrified her "into accepting his offer." Would you have to be bullied and terrified into taking an offer that was an increase of four hundred per cent? I wouldn't. He still cheated the customs men. I work with Mr Thomas Cubitt. He has friends in Manchester. It was a single incident where the cotton was wrongly labelled. When Mr Pope discovered the mistake, he paid the duty. Yeah, so he says. He says it because it is the truth! In other words, you gentlemen are liars and jealous cheats who profit from frightening old ladies!Now, just a minute here... As for you, you pathetic runt! Charles Pope saw you could no more be a manager than a Lord High Admiral! He gave you a job that your children might not starve and this is how you repay him! Now, you listen... No! You listen! If I hear one more word of this from any source, I will bring charges that will strip you of your last penny piece! And now good day... gentlemen. Don't move, but tell me if you've heard from your mama? Not yet. But she'll be along one of these days with my brother, Reggie, or... someone else, to drag me away. Then we shall take hold of the other arm and prevent it. DOOR OPENS Lady Templemore is in the drawing room, m'lady. Talk of the devil. Lady Templemore, may I offer you anything? Only my daughter. Here I am, Mama. I've come to take you home. No, Mama. My dear... No. Mama, I am... I am not coming home. Not yet, at any rate. So you defy me? I would not call it that. But what will people think? That I'm staying with the aunt of my fiance, and soon, however, we will announce the marriage will not take place and that I shall marry a Mr Charles Pope instead. This will be fascinating until there is news that the Queen is with child or some great man in the City fails, and then we shall all just get on with our lives. You've done this. You have corrupted my daughter. I do hope so, if this is the result. Mama, let us not be at odds, like ruffians fighting in the street. I should prefer to be attacked by ruffians than by my own child. Corinne, Charles Pope is our grandson... ..Peregrine's and mine. You mean... ..he is your late son's bastard. I suppose you knew? And for this you have cheated Maria of a position that would have allowed her to do real good in the world? I think I could do good if I were married to Charles. Then you must manage it without your mother's help, my dear, for I will have no more of you. I set you adrift to sail your own barque. You... have stolen my daughter and ruined my life. What on Earth are you doing here? Why have you come? Well, I'm not going to tell you on the street. Hm. I've seen a doctor and I am pregnant. HE SCOFFS Three months or more. Right, will you take care of it? Or has he done so already? Have you no feelings at all? Why would I have feelings? Because you are the father. Oh, for... What proof is there? You fell into bed with me easily enough! HE SIGHS What's the matter, John? What, do you care? Of course. Tell me what's wrong. Only that I've lost everything. It can't be as bad as all that. Can't it? I have nothing. I am nothing. I will always be nothing. What has happened? I will not be the next Earl of Brockenhurst. Charles Pope is the heir - my nemesis. It seems he is the grandson of my uncle and aunt. You said he was Mr Trenchard's son. That's what I thought, but he's not. He's my cousin Edmund's son. I have tried to defeat him. Now he has the better of me. If this is true, why isn't he called Viscount Bellasis? He is. He just doesn't know it yet. Nor do they. They think he's a bastard. A friend of mine looked into it. My cousin and Sophia Trenchard were married, just before Waterloo. I'm impressed you haven't burned them, if they don't know yet. Well, don't be. They're copies. The Trenchards have the originals. But without your friend's evidence... They'll find out the truth in the end. They're bound to. Why... Why shouldn't we marry? You're only the son of a younger son, after all. It's not so much. Don't you understand? I need to make a brilliant marriage. Now more than ever. Not Maria Grey with her downcast looks and that empty purse. A brilliant marriage. I'll divorce Oliver and go to my father. He's rich and I'm an only child. There may be better-bred women on offer, but none who could provide so well. Do you seriously imagine that I, John Bellasis, whose ancestors fought in the Crusades, would ever marry the divorced daughter-in-law of a dirty tradesman? What a joke! I wonder if you would ask your man if he could find me a Hackney cab? Oh, hail one yourself! Please, John. There is no need for us to part badly. Very well. No! You're back. As you see. Do you know where I might find your mother? She wanted a rest before dinner. Did you give those men money? In Manchester, to write the letters? No need. They wanted him destroyed as much as I. Why? Why would you want to ruin a man who's done nothing to you? He has stolen my father and is in the process of stealing my fortune. Is that nothing? To watch you give him money and praise without stint. Is that nothing? I believe in him. But by God, you don't believe in me, sir. And you never have! I've endangered my friendship with the Cubitts, men I respect more than anyone living, to help your career! May I not be disappointed? I'm sorry, Father, but I cannot change places with Sophia. I can't place myself in the grave and set her free. It is out of my hands! I don't know what to do next. Well, I do, ma'am. Tell Mr Trenchard you were given these in the street. He does not know my writing. He will not suspect. I won't ask for your secrecy. You already have enough to hang me. KNOCK Hello. How can I help? Thank you, Myles. That'll be all. This was handed to me on the street as I came towards our front door. Handed to you by whom? I don't know, a boy, he ran off. Well, this boy, was he a servant, a page? I don't know. He was just a boy. I must go and see Mrs Trenchard. There is something else I want you to know. I'm going to have a child. Oh, my dear. Are you certain? Quite. But you must go to Mother. May I tell her? Of course. Come... Mr Trenchard? Hah. A happy chance brings us here. John Bellasis. We met at my aunt's soiree. Yes, I know who you are. What are you doing in this stinking hole? Well, I use it to meet people and, erm...well, now I've met you. Can I buy you a drink? Brandy and soda? Tell me, do you know the name Charles Pope? If I hear it one more time... Oh, you don't like him, then? I hate the very ground he walks on! Hm. I should like to teach him a lesson he'll never forget. And I'd certainly like to help you. Would you? Because you could help me a lot... ..if you have a mind to. But these are copies, of course. I know. I have the originals. When did you get those? Jane Croft, Sophia's maid, came here when you were in Manchester. She brought them with her. She wanted me to have them before she left for America. They're only Sophia's false marriage papers. Or am I missing something? You won't have seen this one. It's in a different hand. Whoever wrote it was making notes on the validity of the marriage for someone. But this is not a copy? Not that page. And the writer says the wedding was not a sham. Sophia was Lady Bellasis when she died. Charles is legitimate. Then... Edmund was an honourable man. We have defamed him wrongly for so many years. How cruel we've been. But I know this writing... KNOCK Are you, er... Are you ready for me, ma'am? I was... Where did you get those? How did you find them! Will you tell us about them, Ellis? I don't know nothing, ma'am. Ellis, if there is anything you can say to diminish your guilt, now is the time to say it. It was Mr Turton, sir. It was him what found them in Miss Croft's bag and he made the copies. I said I knew the writing. I'm ever so sorry, ma'am. If I'd known it might hurt you, I'd never have gone near the whole business. You watched Turton make copies of Miss Sophia's letters, yet you never thought it might hurt me? I know I've lost my place, sir, but I'm not a bad woman. You're not a very good one. I've been weak. It's true. If I have no reference, I'll starve. So, if we give you a reference, you will tell us who asked for them to be copied. Is that right? Very well, we accept your terms. Do we? Mr Turton made the copies for Mr John Bellasis, sir. Course it was John Bellasis! And of course the first thing he would look into would be the clergyman that married them, Richard Bouverie. Which is what we should have done 20 years ago. How could we? We didn't know his name. What was your role in all of this? Mr Turton made me take the copies round to Mr Bellasis' rooms. Very well. You may stay the night here, but you'll go tomorrow, with your reference. Stay silent till we're certain it's legal. I don't want to raise hopes only to dash them down. But why did Mr Bellasis let the proof out of his care? Why not burn it? And who was the mystery boy? There's something else. It slipped my mind for a moment, but you'll be pleased. Susan is pregnant. Is she really? Hm, eleven years with Oliver and nothing. What could have changed? Has Father told you? He has. Congratulations. Go on! Give her a kiss! Oliver may be a while. He'd only just got home when I came down. Hm. We can wait. James, have you spoken to Turton? I thought I'd leave it till after dinner. Or is that cowardly? He should hear it from you and not from Ellis, if it isn't too late. Oh, I'll, erm... I'll look out a bottle of champagne while I'm down there. Why did John Bellasis give you those papers? He didn't. I took them. May I ask why? He said they contained his ruin. And you want that? Very much. Why did you want to harm Mr Bellasis... ..if you were lovers? I didn't at first. I wanted to divorce Oliver and marry John. What was his answer? He laughed in my face. I see. Well, at least we know you aren't barren. That must be a relief, albeit a complicated one. You want to stay with Oliver now that your escape route with John Bellasis has been cut off? Yes, I'd like to stay. Will Oliver know the child is not his? He'll know. But leave Oliver to me. James must never know. This baby will be his grandchild and he must never even suspect anything else. I agree. I'll help you, on one condition. You will live at Glanville. Live there? If you agree, I will keep your secret. Oliver will never be happy in the career that James has mapped out for him, very well, let him be a country gentleman. Can I come back for the season? You will come here for two months every year. Although I think you will enjoy county life once you enter into it. Oliver must not suspect you know the truth. Only then will he be able to salvage his dignity. DOOR OPENS You have my word. Your word on what? That they will have Glanville. A child must grow up in the country. Hurrah! My dearest boy! Many congratulations! Susan and I have been talking and you are to have Glanville as your own. You will give up your London work and retire to Somerset. What's this? Why not? Oliver is born to be a squire, not a businessman. Your mother is right. A child should grow up in the country. A child? We needn't keep it quiet any longer, my dearest one. I've told them. Say nothing. We'll talk later. If you speak now we may lose everything. Be silent... I beg you. Here, drink up. Margaux. The best he's got. There's more if we want it. Of course, Mrs Oliver's to blame. Miss Speer said a boy just pushed the papers into her hand. What was she supposed to do? Never mind that "boy." She took them, stole them from Mr Bellasis. Mrs Oliver is no better than she ought to be. Why do you think she's pregnant after eleven years with Mr Oliver and nothing to show for it? How do you know she's pregnant? Oh, never question a lady's maid. Oh, I see. Is there anything there for us, Miss Ellis? Anything that might prove useful? We'll get nothing from Mr Bellasis. What would he care if all the world knew her for a slut? But she might pay to keep it quiet. I don't think so. What are you doing there, Miss Speer? Are you spying on us? Excuse me, Mr Turton, you are not the butler now. You have been sacked. So don't think I'll take any more of your orders, cos I won't. You watch your tongue! No! Cos I don't feel like it. And if you ever approach Mrs Oliver by letter or word, I will report you to the Peelers... Why? What have I done? Stealing and selling food with Mrs Babbage? And with theft on your record there's no more work as servants, not for the rest of your lives. I'm going to bed.She'll get rid of you. You know too much. She won't want that hanging around her in years to come. Maybe you're right. But when I go, I'll do it with a sack of gold and a reference that will get me a job in Buckingham Palace. Rest easy, Miss Speer. You will never hear from me again. You win, you evil baggage. Whose is it? Oliver, your wife is pregnant. Your parents are happy. The life you want is yours for the taking. You mean I'm to accept it? And am I to accept your lover, too? Who is he? Will he join us for dinner? I'll not say his name, now or ever, but I won't see him again. You have my word. Your word? Aren't you at least going to say you're sorry? But I'm not sorry, Oliver. I've done what I set out to do. I'm pregnant with our child. You're not telling me that this was deliberate? Have you ever known me to be impetuous? And it was all because I could not make you pregnant? You've been trying for 11 years, Oliver. You're about to have an heir. Would you really want to give your life to Glanville if you had no-one to hand it over to?I want my own child. Which I shall give you. If I hadn't done what I've done, you'd be childless to the end of your days. You'll be a gentleman now, Oliver, a real one. You'll have a fortune to spend and you won't have to soil your hands with making it. You can teach our child to ride, to swim, to fish. If you want to be a father, Oliver, this is the only way. So you see, Lady Brockenhurst, I believe I owe you an apology. Edmund was honourable after all! And Charles knows nothing? Nothing. Lord Brockenhurst is coming up to London tomorrow, so let us have dinner here. And we'll tell Charles the truth together. And Lady Maria? Is with her mother. Lord Templemore, her brother, arrived from Ireland last night. She's gone to ask for his help. I am tempted to send a note saying no persuasion will now be necessary. Perhaps they must play it out. I won't change my mind. I'd like to walk down the aisle on your arm, but the truth of it is I will marry Charles Pope and no-one else. Maria has thrown away her chance. Mama, I have written to John. It is over. Let it go. Instead, you have chosen a man who is a bastard and a tradesman. You'll like him immensely. I have a proposition. I'll take you with me back to Ireland for a few months and we will see if your decision stands the test of time. You can't be against me. Not after all we've been through... Marrying beneath yourself is no guarantee of happiness, you know. And you can hardly expect us to rejoice in this stranger who has stolen your future. He hasn't stolen it. I have given my future to him quite freely. DOOR OPENS Not bad news, I hope, sir. Oh, no. No, not news at all, since I knew it was coming. I'm a free man again, Roger. I love where I choose. No change there, then, sir. Yeah. Fetch your coat, Roger. I've got a job for you. But when I dismiss you, come straight back here. If I am not in my bed by eight tomorrow morning, well, then you may start to make enquiries as to my whereabouts. Where must I look, sir? You'll like her very much, Mother. I'm sure I will, if you have chosen her. Things are not quite settled yet. Why not, if she's the one? Her mother does not approve. Then she's a very stupid woman. Lady Templemore has her reasons. Why is her name Templemore if the girl is called Grey? Her late husband's title was Templemore. Lord Templemore? The Earl of Templemore, to be exact. Must you go to this meeting tonight? I wish you wouldn't. It's an odd business. I'm not on good terms with Oliver Trenchard, which upsets his father. Now I have a chance to patch things up and I must take it. Please don't stay any longer than you have to. I won't. And I'll escort you to our lodgings and make sure you're safe in bed before I go. Do you know Charles Pope's address? That's an odd question from you. Do you? No. His mother's come to live with him so he's moved to gain more space. Somewhere in Holborn, I think. Why? No reason. I think there is a reason. Oliver, can you please come with me? I don't understand. What was Mr Bellasis' intention? He wanted me to write a note to Pope, asking to meet him. Bellasis thought he'd agree to please you. It would please me? He knew you were unhappy that I'd taken against your protege. Why didn't he write the note? He thought Pope would know my hand after he'd spent time at your office. Anyway, I wrote what he wanted, had a drink and left. This is very serious. It was only a...Only a letter to lure Charles to a place where he might be beaten up or worse by thugs! I told you, I was drunk. But not too drunk to hold a pen, by God! When was this meeting to be? That's the thing. I think it was this evening. Late. You think? I told you I was drunk.Where was he to meet you, or rather, Bellasis? I can't remember. It was at a public house in the city.Morris! The Black Bird, The Black Swan? Tell Quirk to get the carriage and bring it round at once! Of course, sir! Right away, sir! To go where? You don't know Pope's address and I can't recall where the meeting was to be. We'll go to his office. If it's already happened and he's hurt, I will never forgive you. If it hasn't happened yet, we'll warn him, even if we have to wait all night. Meanwhile, try to remember. I know it was in the City. Bellasis said he would be able to walk there from his place of work. Get your coat. Father, I'm sorry. Not sorry enough! You have delivered him into the hands of a man who must wish him dead! You exaggerate. I assure you I do not! DOGS BARK, HUBBUB Can I help you, sir? A jug of ale. Charles Pope? I am he. Come with me. Who are you, sir? Mr Trenchard sent me. You are here to meet him, are you not? I am. Then do as I say and come with me. Here you are, sir. I thought Reggie would be on my side. He will be soon. But I'll always doubt his motives. I suppose Charles still knows nothing? Mr Trenchard would not allow him to be told until everything had been checked by lawyers. I dare say it's sensible. Charles thinks that Mr Trenchard has some fine qualities. He admires him. I will strive to do the same. I like his wife. I agree. I quite like the wife. I like that your son had the courage to swim against the tide in his choice of wife. Then again, was Sophia Trenchard an adventuress, prodded by her snobbish father to reach above her station? Was Edmund "caught"? What does it matter? You know I'd have married Charles anyway? You should have told me before now. When we meet Charles, you will say nothing of all this. I'll be silent. But whether he turns out well born or a bastard, he is still my nephew and you should have told me. We worried about Sophia's reputation. Do you think I could not have kept silent to protect my sister's name? Now I'm the one who's sorry. Mr Pope had an engagement this evening. A message came earlier. But I could not tell you where it was to be. This message, did he say who it was from? No, but he seemed glad. He mentioned something about mending what was broken... He gave no clue as to where this meeting might take place? We know it was near here. I think you're right, sir. He took his mother home after dinner and he meant to walk from there. He said something about its being near the river. My God! Wait-wait a minute. Do you know of a pub nearby called the Black Bird or something like it? There's the Black Raven, sir, on All Hallows Lane.That's it! All Hallows Lane. Come and instruct our coachman. It's easy enough to explain. Come down! I'm going to bed. Good night, my dear. Won't you come too? No, I'll wait for James and Oliver to return. Don't feel uneasy. I'm sure Father will have made everything right. I'm afraid I am uneasy, so I would not sleep. I might as well wait to know the worst. DOG HOWLS DOGS BARK Wait! I will go no further, sir, unless you tell me who you are and what you want with me. My dear fellow. I am so sorry. I had to get you out of that pit of iniquity. I thought you wouldn't care to linger there yourself. Roger, thank you. You may go. Mr Bellasis? Yeah. What are you doing here? And where is Oliver Trenchard, as you know it's him I came to see? Yes, me, too. Oliver sent a message saying that I was to find you first and then bring you to him, but... ..why did he choose this godforsaken hellhole? He may have thought it was convenient for me. Ah. You remember my office is nearby. Yes, of course. That must be it. I don't understand. Trenchard and I have a private matter to resolve, but what is your part in it? I can only assume he wants us to reconcile, too. You and me. I was not aware we had a quarrel. Yes, I'm afraid we do have a quarrel. Then I hope we may resolve it. Ah. Alas, we cannot. Since the only resolution depends upon your... On my what? On your death. GRUNTING Where is he? What have you done? Where is who? What are you talking about? What might I have done? Help! GASPS Leave them! Let them go. Let them both go!What? Your father's had a good life, but let him go now. Then you will have a great inheritance and so will I. He's an old man. You know it's for the best. It won't take long. You devil! Get away from me! GASPS What's 'appened? Quick, get a rope. Wrap it round ya! All right boys, heave! Heave! CHOKING Oliver... Don't thank me! Whatever you do... don't thank me! Wake up, ma'am. You must come down at once. There's been an accident. What? Drink this, and then you must all go straight to bed. We can talk about it in the morning. But why would John Bellasis want to kill me? We are nothing to each other. It makes no sense. We'll discuss it tomorrow. Morris, help Mr Oliver. And, er, Myles, take Mr Pope to the Oak Room. Borrow one of Mr Trenchard's night shirts. Oliver saved us both. I was going under for the third time. Then God bless him for a loyal son. KNOCK Speer woke me with the news. Why didn't you look in? Are you all right? They tell me you're the hero of the hour. HE SCOFFS I am not. I am worthless. My darling... What is it? I can't go through with it - your plan for our new life. Why not? Because I'm not worthy. I am an unworthy son. I do not deserve to be a father. Not worthy? When you saved your own father's life? I hesitated. That demon Bellasis whispered poison in my ear and I held back. Oliver, Christ was tempted. Every one of us is tempted at some point. What matters is not the temptation, but the fact that you conquered it. Do you think so? I know so. You conquered and I am even prouder than I was before. But it's our secret? We have a box of secrets, you and I, and together, we will keep it locked. So this is why John has left us. He must have known. Caroline may have written to him as well, to tell him first. It would be only fair. Fair! When did Caroline ever do anything fair? Well, this is the end, my dear. From now on, we're just a penniless side-show. She says they'll pay your debts. What? It will be the last time, but they will pay them. If you tell them the sum in its entirety. Please be honest with them, for my sake. Of course. Of course. Don't you see? If-if they give me the money I can keep the lenders quiet with half and do what I like with the rest.Oh, Stephen... No, no, that would work. And I'd be back in the game. Don't you see that? Do you think John will get in touch to tell us where he is? How should I know? I suppose it all makes sense at last, why Caroline made such a fuss of Mr Pope. If he is the legitimate heir, why has he been hidden away since birth? We know nothing. Nothing! Except that John is gone... ..and he won't be back. I'm going up. Mr Bellasis has left, sir, lock, stock and barrel. His trunks were loaded up in the small hours and taken by his man to the station. Do you know which station? I couldn't say, sir. But I got the impression he won't be coming back. WEEPING Well... I hope he spends it sensibly. 'And there you have it,' Charles Pope will be the next Earl of Brockenhurst! My dearest boy! We are blessed! I thought we were cursed, but we are blessed after all! We are. But how long have you known this? James felt we should not speak until everything had been checked by the lawyers. And now it has been. So, all our lives have changed. All our lives are quite changed. How do you feel, Charles? Foolish, mostly, that I never even guessed a blood connection, never mind the rest. I always wondered why a successful builder and a great lady should want to help an obscure young man make his way in the world, but I could never fathom the reason. Why would you? And you couldn't have guessed you were the heir, none of us did. Maybe not, but I should have guessed something. So, are you Viscount Bellasis now? As soon as the Committee of Privileges has ratified its verdict, he will be. How astonishing! I can scarcely believe it. Mama? Have you nothing to say? Only to say I was bewildered by our summons, but I feel now I have been rewarded for my earlier tolerance. And so I do not need to spend six months at Castle Grey? Reggie? Yes, Reggie. Am I no longer to pack and return to Ireland with you? All I can say is that I'm very glad to welcome into the family a man with a head for business, a gift the Greys have not boasted since the Middle Ages. You're not going to go on with your business?Oh, but I will, sir, I'm afraid to say. You won't get him to stop working. You might as well tell a fish not to swim, or a bird not to fly. Brava! Well said! I give you my dear mother, Mrs Pope. ALL: Mrs Pope. Well, it hasn't been an entirely smooth journey, but we have reached a good destination. None of which settles the question of my nephew, John. What are we to do with him? If he's charged, he might hang! He would hang! Charles? What do you say? You were his intended victim? His life was one of great expectations. Is it any wonder he lost his reason when they were taken from him? That's very generous. But what should we do? Give him a pension, enough for him to keep alive. Surely not! And make him stay away. That's it! England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales should be free of him? Let him roam the Continent for a resting place. You gentlemen have kinder hearts than I do. Il pleut, Monsieur. It is, er, raining. Then I'll run. BELLS RING They make a wonderful couple, Lady Templemore. Or should I call you Corinne now? I think it is always nice to leave some treats for another time. Isn't it a relief to be married? Now India and everything else beckons and no-one can stop us. Together, we are invincible. That's all right, then, for we will be together forever more. They're so well suited. I don't know which of them wants to get more done. I agree. They're both in love with life. Which is just as it should be. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 