Belgravia: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Belgravia 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Belgravia (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THEME MUSIC PLAYS 'It was certainly a city right at the centre of things, 'brim-full of tourists, bustling with activity. 'And no-one would have guessed that the Emperor Napoleon 'was on the march 'and might encamp by the edge of the town at any moment. 'But then, the past, as we have been told so many times, 'is a strange country.' Do come on. I'm going as fast as I can, Miss. Don't be so feeble. Hurry! Can I help you ladies? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am here to see my father, Mr Trenchard. You stay here. KNOCKS Who the devil has come to interrupt me... Captain Cooper, you must excuse me. That's all very well, Trenchard... Trenchard? Mr Trenchard. But we must have the flour by tonight. And I promise I will do my level best, Captain. Now, if you'll just wait outside for a moment. DOOR BANGS Have you got them? Three. One for you, one for Mama and one for me. I suppose Lord Bellasis will be dining there, before the ball? She is his aunt. Of course. Edmund says there's to be a supper sometime after midnight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't call him Edmund to anyone but me. Now go to your mother. She'll need every minute to prepare. It's too late to have anything made. But not too late to have things brought up to scratch. She won't want to go. She will, because she must. Well... when shall we tell her the rest of it? Not yet. It must all be properly managed. We must take our lead from him. Now go. And send that blithering idiot back in. We won't know a soul there. Papa knows these people. He'll know officers who come to his place of work to give him orders. And they will be very surprised to find they're sharing a ballroom with a man who supplies their men with bread and ale. I hope you won't take this tone with Lord Bellasis. Beware of castles in the air, my darling. Of course, you won't believe him capable of honourable intentions. He is the eldest son of an earl, my child. He cannot choose his wife to suit his heart. You have enjoyed a flirtation that has harmed neither of you, so far, but it must end, before there is damaging talk, Sophia, or you will be the one to suffer. And it doesn't tell you anything? That he has secured us invitations to his aunt's ball? It tells me that you're a lovely girl and he wishes to please you. He couldn't have managed it in London, but in Brussels everything is coloured by war. And so, the normal rules do not apply. You mean that by the normal rules we are not acceptable as company for the Duchess's friends? That is exactly what I mean and you know it to be true. Papa would not agree. Your father has travelled a long way and so he does not see the natural barriers that will prevent him from going much further. Be content with who we are. Your father has done well. Don't look down on us. You're the one who looks down. The schoolmaster's daughter who was too good for her market trader husband. I don't look down on anyone! Least of all your father. I do not care to place myself in situations I don't feel comfortable. You see, that to me, is another kind of snobbery! Am I too early, Ma'am? No, no, Ellis. Come in. We're finished here, aren't we? If you say so, Mama. DOOR BANGS We've been asked to the Duchess of Richmond's ball. Never! That is, we should make a decision about your gown, Ma'am. I'll need some time, if it's to be just so. Miss Sophia seems, um... excited. I expect Lord Bellasis arranged the tickets for the ball? It may have been the Duke of Wellington. Mr Trenchard is a great favourite of his and the ball is being given in the Duke's honour. Yes. That must be it, ma'am. She told you, then? He's done it. Thank you, Ellis. If you could come back later. What a chance it is. The Duke himself will be there. Two dukes, for that matter. My commander and our hostess' husband. Reigning princes, too. James Trenchard, who started at a stall in Covent Garden, must get himself ready to dance with a princess. You will do no such thing. You would embarrass us both. We'll see. I mean it. It's bad enough that you encourage Sophia. Anne, I believe the boy is sincere. I'm sure of it, in fact. You are nothing of the sort. Lord Bellasis, himself, might even think he's sincere. He is not his own master and nothing proper can come of it. MARCHING OUTSIDE How strange that we should be discussing a ball when we're on the brink of war. How ridiculous. I don't agree. With that, or about Lord Bellasis. Just know this, if Sophia comes to any harm through this nonsense I will hold you personally responsible. Very well. And as for blackmailing him into begging his aunt for invitations, I feel so humiliated. Anne, you won't spoil this. I won't allow you to. I don't need to. It will spoil itself. I hope this isn't a mistake. CHUCKLES Too late for that sort of talk. What's so funny? Only that we came to Brussels to escape Society and now we appear to be giving the ball of the season. The Duke insisted. He said we needed to show that nothing Boney could do, could rattle the British. Edmund! You're the very first. How nice. I thought I'd come early to lend you support. I must say, Aunt, you've made these dreary rooms feel very splendid. No-one would know people were choosing which coach to buy in here, only a few months ago. Mr and Mrs James Trenchard. Miss Sophia Trenchard. You've not invited the Magician? What do you mean? He's Wellington's main supplier. What's he doing here? The Duke of Wellington's victualler? I've invited a merchant supplier to my ball? My dear aunt, you've invited one of the Duke's most loyal helpers in his fight for victory. You have tricked me, Edmund. And I do not like to be made a fool of. I hope your mother isn't going to be cross with me. This is good of you, Duchess. Not at all, Mrs Trenchard. I gather you've been so kind to my nephew. It's always a pleasure to see Lord Bellasis. All those young men, so far from home, poor things. Well, if it isn't our Magician. Good evening, um, your, um, Great, Great, um... ..Duke. May I present my daughter, Sophia? Miss Trenchard, may I escort you into the ballroom? I thought you'd never get here. Don't be silly. We're very early. An hour away from you is like a lifetime. You read that in a book. WHISPERS: Can Edmund really be serious? The mother isn't too ridiculous, the father is simply grotesque. I'll talk to Edmund later on. Wait until the ball is over and the girl is gone. And pray Caroline never finds out I invited her here. His Royal Highness, the Prince of Orange. STRING ORCHESTRA PLAYS INDISTINCT CHATTER Why don't you call him Your Grace? Your Grace is for servants and officials. Not for a private party. But I've always called the Duke of Wellington Your Grace. Because you are his victualler. Then I shouldn't do it tonight? If you hadn't procured our invitations, you wouldn't be in this invidious position now. What brings the Magician here tonight? Er, the Duchess invited us. Did she, indeed? And has the evening been enjoyable so far? Oh, yes, Your Grace. But there has been a good deal of talk about the advance of Bonaparte. Well, that's why we're so late. It looks as if we'll be off tomorrow. Am I to understand, the charming lady is Mrs Trenchard? Your calm is very reassuring, Duke. Ponsonby. Are you acquainted with the Magician? I spend a good deal of time outside Mr Trenchard's office, waiting to plead the cause of my men. Mrs Trenchard, may I present Sir William Ponsonby? Ponsonby, this is the Magician's wife. I hope he's kinder to you than he is to me. BAGPIPES PLAY A splendid touch, Duchess. My father did raise the Gordon Highlanders after all, so how could their Commanding Officer refuse? How indeed? BAGPIPES CONTINUE TO PLAY APPLAUSE, PRAISE Have some, if you'd like to. My mother is coming to break us apart. Why is she so against me? She's convinced nothing good can come of it. Well, then we shall prove her wrong. You mustn't let Sophia monopolise you, Lord Bellasis. You must have many friends here who would be glad of the chance to hear your news. Never fear, Mrs Trenchard. I am where I want to be. That is all very well, my lord. But Sophia has a reputation to protect and the courtesy of your attention may be putting it at risk. I wish you would give me credit for a little sense, Mama. I wish I could. My lords, ladies and gentleman, supper is served. HORSE HOOVES CLATTER INDISTINCT DISCUSSION You, Magician. Come with us. Your Royal Highnesses, your Graces, my Lords, ladies and gentlemen, much as I regret to interrupt the Duchess' wonderful entertainments, I must ask those of you in uniform to prepare to leave. The moment is almost upon us. PANICKED CONVERSATION May we have the room for a moment? Ponsonby, you have the map? I do indeed. Orange has had a message from Baron Rebecque. Bonaparte has pushed up the road from Charleroi to Brussels and he's getting nearer. I've given orders for the army to concentrate at Quatre Bras, but we shall not stop him there. You may. You have some hours before daylight. If I do not, then I shall have to fight him here. At Waterloo. I shall need your help, Magician. We will not fail for lack of supplies. You're a bright man, Trenchard. You must use your talents well when the wars are done. I believe you have the potential to go far. Your Grace is very kind. But don't be distracted by the gewgaws of society. You're cleverer than that, or should be. Enough. Let us get ready. I must go to the depot. I'll put you and Sophia in the carriage and I'll walk. Is it the final struggle? I think so. We've told ourselves every skirmish was the last battle for years, but this time I truly believe it is. Where is Sophia? At least no-one will remember their folly and indiscretion. Just bring her to the door, my dear, whilst I fetch the shawls. Don't be silly, my darling, nothing can happen to us, we are the luckiest couple alive! We're the most in love. And when I get back, we'll laugh at your fears and make merry. I give you my word. And no gentleman would break his word. Precisely. Sophia... Take care of her. PANICKED COMMOTION SOLDIERS SHOUT ORDERS What is it? You knew he must go. It's not that. My dear, you must control yourself. Come with me. Quickly. Go now. I will return when I can. GUNFIRE GLASSES RATTLE DOGS BARK How long can it go on? Until one side is victorious. But I don't believe it can last much longer now. If Papa had sent news, you'd tell me, wouldn't you? Of course, but he'll be far too busy to think of us. If Napoleon wins, should we escape before his troops sack the city? Oliver, dear, will you run and fetch Mama a shawl? You mustn't frighten him. How can you be so calm? What option is open to me? I want to run into the street and scream. Be my guest. I doubt anyone would notice. But while you're there... just pray they come home safe. PLAYS MOURNFUL TUNE HORSES NEIGH, CHATTER OUTSIDE SOBS I was beginning to wonder if I was ever going to see you again. We've done it. Boney's on the run. I say again, thank God. There's more news. Not everyone came through the fighting. So I should imagine, poor souls. The Duke of Brunswick is dead. Lord Hay, Sir William Ponsonby... Oh. Well, we should pray for them. I feel our presence there that night ties us to them all. Indeed. Indeed... There is another casualty that... ..you won't have to imagine a link with. Viscount Bellasis. Don't say so. Do not say so. Are they sure? I went to the battlefield. After the fighting was finally over. And a very awful sight it was, too. Bodies everywhere, groans from the wounded... ..scavengers picking at the corpses... Why did you go? Business. Why do I ever do anything? I had to quantify what had been lost. I heard Bellasis was on the list of fatalities. I asked to see him. So... ..yes, I'm sure. How is Sophia? A shadow of herself since the ball. No doubt dreading the very news which now we must take her. I will tell her. I, I think it must be me. I am her mother. No. I will tell her. You can go to her afterwards. Where is she? In the garden. {\an8}HOOVES CLATTER Mrs Trenchard. The Duchess of Bedford is expecting me. Mrs James Trenchard. Mrs Trenchard, how good of you to come. The Duke tells me that Mr Trenchard was most anxious that you should. The Duke has always been good to Mr Trenchard, Duchess. Now, do you know anyone here? Please don't worry. I shall manage perfectly. I am so interested by your invention of afternoon tea. It does seem to have taken wing. Your Grace. Please excuse me? INDISTINCT CHATTER Thank you. Oh! Well saved. Really, what is this new-fangled tea? It's not that I dislike a light nuncheon to carry one through to dinner, but why can't one sit at a table? I think the point is that one isn't trapped. We can all move about and talk to whom we like. Well, I'd like to talk to you. Mrs Trenchard, let me introduce you to Mrs Carver and Mrs Shute. They are so anxious to know you. Aren't you going to introduce me? This is the Dowager Duchess of Richmond. May I present Mrs James Trenchard? And now, please let me introduce you to Mrs Carver and Mrs Shute. Don't snatch her away. I think I know Mrs Trenchard. You've a wonderful memory, Duchess. I would have thought I was changed past all recognition, but you're right, we have met. I was at your ball, in Brussels, before Waterloo. You were at the famous ball?! I was. But I thought you had only lately... I must see if everyone has what they want. I remember you well. I'm impressed, if you do. Of course, we didn't really know each other, did we? No. My husband and I were wished upon you. I remember. My late nephew was in love with your daughter. Perhaps. She was certainly in love with him. How is your daughter these days? You see, I remember, she was a beauty. What became of her? Like Lord Bellasis, Sophia is dead. Not many months after the ball. So, she never married? No. She never married. I'm sorry. Truly. Funnily enough, I remember her quite well. A real beauty. Do you have other children? Oh, yes. A son, Oliver, but... But Sophia was the child of your heart. I know we're supposed to support the fiction that we love all our children equally... Oh, I don't even try. I am fond of some of my children, on reasonably good terms with most of the rest, but, I have two I actively dislike. CHUCKLES How many are there? 14. Heavens. So, the Richmond dukedom is safe. It would seem so. Well, I have stayed too long and I will pay for it. I've enjoyed our talk, Mrs Trenchard, as a nice reminder of more exciting times. But I suppose this is the advantage of the pick-up, put-down tea. We may go when we please. I wish you and your family well, my dear... ..whatever sides we may once have been on. I say the same to you, Duchess. SOFT MUSIC PLAYS You had a lot to say to my sister. Our hostess tells me that you were at the famous ball in Brussels. I was, Lady Brockenhurst. Yes. I am Lady Brockenhurst. And you are Mrs Trenchard, I think. I'm flattered you've heard of me. I certainly have. These are too delicious to resist. It feels strange to eat at this time, but I suppose we will still want dinner when it comes. Please... Tell me, why were you at the ball? Did you know my sister and her husband? No. Not really. I'd always heard of you both as the Duke of Wellington's victualler and his wife. Seeing you here today, I wonder if I was misinformed. No. The report was accurate enough. Is Mr Trenchard still supplying foodstuffs to his customers? He... must be very good at it. He went into partnership with Mr Cubitt and his brother, when we returned from Brussels. He manages their projects. The great Thomas Cubitt? Heavens. I assume he was no longer a ship's carpenter by that time? You're right. He started as a carpenter, but he devised a new method for building. He undertook to employ all the different trades involved, bricklayers, plasterers. So, the people he worked for... Had only to give the commission. He and his brother saw to everything. Very impressive. They were building the London Institution in Finsbury Circus when they met Mr Trenchard. I remember the Institution being opened. We find it magnificent. After that, they worked on Tavistock Square and various other ventures. Until they built Belgravia. This spangled city for the rich, where we all live now. Well, what a story. You are a woman of the New Age, Mrs Trenchard. I hope I do not offend you. Not in the least. As for why we were at the ball... ..we were friendly with a favourite of your sister and he got us invited. And, who was this favourite? Might I have known him? Come, Mrs Trenchard, don't be bashful. Please. You knew him very well. It was Lord Bellasis. And you? Did you know my son well? Mrs Trenchard, would you like to come and meet... Forgive me, my dear, Mrs Trenchard and I are talking. So, you were saying? Only that my daughter knew Lord Bellasis better than we did. Brussels was quite a hothouse at that time. We none of us knew what was coming. The enslavement of England, or a British victory. The uncertainty created an atmosphere that was... ..heady, wild and exciting. And the knowledge must have hung in the air that some of those smiling, young men would not be coming home. Yes. They must have enjoyed it... ..the glamour and the danger, because danger is glamorous when you're young. So, where is she now? Sophia died. Now that I did not know. It was quite soon after the battle, so a long time ago now. I'm so sorry. Everyone claims to understand what you're going through, but I do. And I've learned that it never goes away. Oddly, I find that comforting. They say misery loves company. And perhaps it does. Hmm. So, you remember Edmund? Very well. He would come to the house with the other young people. He was very popular, charming. Good-looking and funny as could be. Oh, yes. All that and more. Do you have other children? I'm so sorry. I remember now, you do not. Please forgive me. No. When we go, there will be nothing left of us. Not a trace. But we are proud of Edmund still. Of course you are. CLOCK CHIMES I'm going now, Mrs Trenchard. I've enjoyed our talk more than I anticipated. Who told you I'd be here? No-one. I... I asked our hostess who it was speaking with my sister and she told me your name. I was curious. I've spoken of you and your daughter so many times, it seemed a shame to miss the chance of a meeting. I hope you're not sorry. I'm glad. You've made me feel like I've seen him again... ..dancing and flirting and having fun in his last hours. I like to think of that. I will think of that. So, thank you. What was Mr Wilkie like? Civil enough. A year after he painted my portrait, he painted the young Queen at her first Council meeting. You'd have to pay twice what I gave to get him now. DOG WHINES You only encourage her to beg. Mama, you know I was alone all afternoon? I'm sure there are plenty of things that could use your attention. That's not the point. What I mean is I could have easily accompanied you if I'd been told where you were going. But you weren't invited. What difference does that make? Most women would have replied saying they'd be happy to accept and they'll bring their daughter. You're not my daughter. She is your daughter-in-law, Mother, which would mean the same as daughter in any other house. I don't think I would be justified in taking someone, anyone, to the house of a woman I barely know. A Duchess you barely know and I don't know at all. So, who was there? Anyone interesting? I talked to the old Duchess of Richmond. We reminisced about our time in Brussels at the ball. Oh, yes? Her sister was there, too. You mean the mother of... Yes. Did you speak with her? Yes. And what did she say? I'll tell you later. We mustn't bore Oliver and Susan. I'm only bored, because I wasn't there. I didn't see you at the office today, Oliver. I didn't come in. Why not? I went to inspect the work at Chapel Street. Why have you made the houses so small? Won't it put a dent in the profits? When you develop an area, you must build for the whole picture. You can't only have palaces. You must house the supporters of the princes who live in the palaces, their clerks and managers and upper servants. Then there must be a mews for the coaches and coachmen. They all take space, but it is space well used. Have you given any more thought to where we might live, Father? Well, I'd be happy to give you the pick of anything empty in Chester Row. Aren't they a little poky? She's right. They're too small for entertaining and I suppose I have a position to keep up, as your son. They're less poky than the first house I shared with your mother. I have been brought up differently from the way you began your lives. If I have grander expectations, it is you who have given them to me. Well, well. We seem to be failing on every count tonight. We'll be at Glanville next month. I hope you'll come down. Perhaps you might stay for a week or two? We will if we can. It's such a way. Well, what about you, Oliver? You've always loved Glanville. That is true. But I'm, er, I'm afraid Susan is not a good traveller. I'm ashamed to admit it, but he's right. Two hours in a carriage and it takes me a day to recover. So, three days in a carriage must be a trial, indeed. I hate to disappoint you when I know you love it so. I suppose I feel I brought it back to life. And in return, the house brought me back to life. After Sophia's death, you mean? I'm going up. Don't stay too long over your port. The servants need to get in. Can't you control her? Apparently not. "Not Chester Row," she says, as if he'd threatened her with cholera. "It's much too poky for fine folks like we." And you should have seen the look the Master got when he suggested Mr Oliver did a hand's turn! LAUGHS I hope there's nothing untoward on display in this room. No, Mr Turton. Mr and Mrs Trenchard pay our wages and for that, they are entitled to be treated with respect, Morris. Yes, Mr Turton. Of course, they're not what they like to pretend, it's only the more obvious when they're alone. Mr Trenchard is respectable, polite and honest to deal with, Mr Turton. Mr Myles is the Master's valet, Mr Turton, so he must know. I've known far worse in households headed by a coronet. I don't like to disagree, Mr Myles, but my sympathies are with Mr Oliver. They've brought him up as a gentleman, but now they seem to resent him for wanting to be one. Why should Mr Oliver ask for houses and estates that are grander than his parents'? What's he done to earn them? That's what I'd like to know. Gentlemen don't earn their houses, Mr Myles. They inherit them. I agree. Why shouldn't Mrs Oliver have a decent house to entertain? She's brought enough money to the table. It's illogical for the Master to force them to live in a rabbit hutch. I'm sorry to say it, Miss Speer, and I'm glad you think her a good employer, but I find Mrs Oliver very hard to please. She's got a point. You'd think she was an Infanta of Spain with all her airs and graces. But I've never had any trouble with the Mistress. She's straightforward and I've no reason to complain. I am glad to hear it. We must feel some sympathy for the Master. It's hard to get the trick of it in a single generation. I agree with you there, Miss Ellis. We don't see these things in the same way, Mr Turton, we'll have to agree to differ. Of course you can't tell her! What are you talking about? But when she said, "There'll be nothing left of us." You'd have been as touched as I was. What, so you'd like the idea that Sophia should be remembered as a... as a harlot? I would ask her to keep the secret. Of course I couldn't force her, but... ..do we have a right to hide from her that she has a grandson? We've hidden it for more than a quarter of a century. I forbid it. I will not have the memory of our daughter defaced. Certainly not by her own mother. And get that dog off the bed! What is it? I'm going to have a child. What? When? The end of February, I think. Don't you know? The end of February. Do I have Lord Bellasis to thank for this? SCOFFS You foolish, stupid, stupid fool. How did it happen? How... how could you have let it happen? I thought we were married. Didn't you know you needed your father's permission for it to be legal? You're only 18! Papa gave his permission. Your... your father knew? He knew that Edmund wanted to marry me before he went back to the fighting and he gave permission. Edmund found a parson to marry us in a little chapel near the city. I now pronounce you man and wife. May we kiss? With my blessing. Are we truly married? Most definitely. Then we left and went back to his lodgings. That's when it happened. I assume the ceremony was false? I never suspected it, not for a moment. Edmund spoke of his love and our future, right up until the moment we were leaving his aunt's ball on the night of the battle. So, when did you find out? As we came out into the street... there was a group of mounted officers, in the uniforms of the 52nd Light Infantry, Edmund's regiment... And? One of them was the parson who had married us. He was a soldier. A friend of Edmund's, who turned his collar round to deceive me! Now I understand what put you in such a state that night. I thought it was simply Lord Bellasis leaving for the battle. The moment I saw the man I knew I'd been duped. I was not heading for a golden future. I was a stupid girl who'd been used as a streetwalker. I suppose I clung to the idea that Edmund might explain, but he was killed before he had the chance. When did you know you were carrying his child? I wouldn't admit it at first. I was like a mad woman. I took foolish remedies, I gave a gypsy a sovereign for what I'm sure was sugar water. But they all failed. I am still enceinte. What have you told your father? He knows I was tricked. I told him that morning he brought me the news of Edmund's death. But he thinks I got away with it. We must go north, out of sight, while James makes arrangements for the child. I'll have a story ready by tomorrow, but... ..tonight I will speak with your father. Don't be too hard on him. It was his dream as much as mine. You are a young girl. You're supposed to have dreams. He's a parent. He is your father, for God's sake! He should have protected you from believing them! PANTS BABY SCREAMS Mrs Casson, you're back. I'm afraid the baby came very quickly, not long after you set out. Is it healthy? Seems to be. But, Mrs Casson... ..we can't stop the bleeding. I'm here. Tell me what I can do. Have you seen him? The doctor says he's very healthy and spry, my darling, but now we must concentrate on you. Look after him, won't you? Well, we'll look after him together. Promise me, Mama. Whoever takes him in, make sure they love him. Let's talk about all that when you are well and rested. Give my best love to Papa and try not to blame him. Not for any of it. Please. And remember me. Oh, my darling child... ..as if I would not think of you every day of my life. But now, you need to rest and when you wake... Sophia... ..oh... oh, dearest one. Sophi-Sophia! I'm afraid it is over, Mrs Casson. I'm afraid it is finished. SOBS BABY CRIES Subtitles by ITV SignPost 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 