Belgravia: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Belgravia 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Belgravia (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Our hostess tells me that you were at the famous ball in Brussels. How strange that we should be discussing a ball when we're on the brink of war. Nothing can happen to us. We're the luckiest couple alive! We're the most in love. Did you know my son well? He is the eldest son of an earl, my child. He cannot choose his wife to suit his heart. It must end, before there is damaging talk. There is another casualty that you won't have to imagine a link with. Viscount Bellasis. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do you have other children? No. When we go, there will be nothing left of us. I'm going to have a child. Of course you can't tell her! What are you talking about? Do we have a right to hide from her that she has a grandson? Look after him, won't you? Promise me, Mama. BABY CRIES CLASSICAL THEME TUNE PLAYS THUNDER RUMBLES SIGHS HEAVILY DOOR LATCH RATTLES DOOR CREAKS Mrs Casson? The undertakers are here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The nurse has made Mrs Blake tidy now, if you would like to see her before they take her away. I understand you have made provision for the child? My husband has arranged a future for the boy. Sophia's death will not alter the plan. Are you quite sure? Will you not see him? I mean to play no part in his life. It may sound hard, but it... It will be better so. I have played a sad part in your history, Mrs Casson, and we will not meet again when you have gone south. But that emboldens me. DOOR CREAKS, BABY GRIZZLES This is all you have left of your daughter now. Is there not some tale you could devise that would allow you to raise him as your own? The matter is settled. Mr Tren... ..Mr Casson has found a place where he will be brought up without stigma and with every advantage. Sophia knew and approved the plan, so... the die is cast. I cannot alter it. HE SNORTS BIRDS TWEET HE GRUNTS Have you not slept? Not much. I've been back in Bakewell, all those years ago. A sad time. It was sad. Why did we not keep him? Doctor Smiley, who attended her, wanted us to, and he was right. We could have thought of a thousand explanations. No one need have known the truth. Why say that now? It's done. Mr and Mrs Pope gave him a good home and a fine education. You did that. But they brought him up without a shadow of suspicion... and he saved them from being childless. It was best all round. Doesn't it trouble you that we don't know him? We don't know our own grandson... any more than Lady Brockenhurst knows hers. Please, leave things as they are, I beg you. He is a man now, making his own way. Even if we had brought him up... our role would be done. "Dear Lady Brockenhurst, "I should like to call on you... "..at a time "that is convenient. "I would be..." BELL RINGS "..grateful... "if you could find a moment... "..when we might be alone. "Yours sincerely, "Anne Trenchard." Mrs Trenchard. Ah. Come in, Mrs Trenchard. Sit by me, here. I hope you don't mind a fire in summer. I'm afraid I'm always cold. That was painted by Beechey. On my marriage in 1792. I was 17. They said it was a good likeness, but... Of course, no one could say that now. It is good of you to let me come. Your letter caught me just in time. We leave first thing in the morning for Lymington, in Hampshire. Is that where you live in the country? It's where my husband's family has lived for several centuries. Lady Brockenhurst... ..it seems I am in possession of a secret which I have sworn to my husband never to reveal, and indeed, he would be very angry if he knew I was here today. Yes? At the Duchess's tea, you said that when you and your husband go, there will be nothing left of you. I did. Well, that's not quite true. Before she died, my daughter Sophia was delivered of a child. A boy. The son of Lord Bellasis. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH The Duchess of Bedford would be very flattered to see her invention celebrated elsewhere. I liked it more than I knew. And now I stage an imitation of it every day. Thank you. We can fend for ourselves. So, where is he now, this boy? I only know the boy is a man. He was 25 last birthday. And what is he like? I'm afraid I cannot tell you. Mr Trenchard... placed the baby in the care of a clergyman, and now he goes under the name of Charles Pope. We have never made our connection public. He, himself, knows nothing. What does he do? We had meant him for the cloth, like his adopted father. But I believe he proved to be more business-like. I know no more than that. Like your husband. Well, you cannot be surprised. Blood will out. I hope you will not think too badly of Sophia. You must protect her memory, poor child. We will try not to blame her. She is to be pitied. In that atmosphere, in Brussels, before the battle, anyone could lose their reason for a moment. I do not blame her. And she didn't lose her reason. She believed she was married to Lord Bellasis. He tricked her into thinking that her marriage had taken place. I beg your pardon? He tricked her. He bamboozled her. He persuaded a fellow officer to pretend to be a clergyman, and Sophia did not find out the truth till it was too late. I don't believe you. That is your privilege, but it's the truth. I see how it is. Your daughter was scheming to catch my wretched son, no doubt encouraged by her parents. You mean Lord Bellasis was incapable of such behaviour? I most certainly do. He could never even have conceived of the very idea. Wasn't his godfather Lord Berkeley? How did you know that? Lord Bellasis spoke of him one evening, when he joined us for dinner. He said that when Lord Berkeley seduced the mother of his children, he got a friend to pose as a clergyman, so he might lure the unsuspecting girl into bed. I beg you not to tell me that Lord Bellasis could never have conceived of any such idea! BELL RINGS My son was seduced by an ambitious girl, who wanted to use the chaos of war to bring about a marriage beyond even her father's dreams. Well, she failed. My son took her as his mistress, but what of that? He was a man, and she was a slut. It happens. Ah, Jenkins. Please take Mrs Trenchard down. She's leaving. It's funny. I thought you'd come with some sentimental tale to tell me of my son. Some happy story of his last days on earth. You spoke so well of him when we first met. I spoke of him as I knew him before that night. But I should have been honest. If it's any consolation, no one was more surprised than I to learn what he was capable of. I must ask. Will you keep our secret? Can I have your word? Of course. Why would I publicise my late son's degradation? How is she today? She's not come down. She's still in her room. The Master must have his luncheon by himself. I'm sorry. When she came home from Belgrave Square, she was shaking like a jelly. I swear she's had a headache from that moment. Have you tried valerian? Tried it? I've given her that much I'm surprised she hasn't had a fit. And she's not sleeping. Has she said what's wrong? Not a word. It was like she was in a daze. Just hugging that dog and rocking in her chair. I expect you've seen her through some hard times, eh, Miss Ellis? I expect I have. Much good has it done me. You're not unhappy here, are you? Well... ..I'm not sure I've made the right choice. Look at Jane Croft, Miss Sophia's maid. She's a housekeeper now, with a full staff of servants under her. Could have been me. Yeah, but would you want that, Miss Ellis? I'm not sure what I want. RUMBLE OF HOOVES It's beginning to look like Peel's going to win this election. It seems that Melbourne's on the way out. She's not gonna like that. I believe the Prince favours Sir Robert Peel. He would. He's German. You haven't forgotten that Stephen and Grace will be here for dinner? Are they bringing John? I think so. He's staying with them. Drat. They'll be wanting money. Thank you, Jenkins. Really, Peregrine. Are we to have no secrets of our own? You don't worry about Jenkins, are you? He knows more about this family than I ever will. I don't worry about him, but it's... It's rude to test him. Whether we like it or not, Stephen is your brother and your heir and should be treated with respect, at least in public. But not in private, by God. Jenkins? Where is his Lordship? He's gone for a walk, sir. Dinner will not be until half past four. Ugh. I said we were too damned early. Nobody eats dinner in London before six, these days. That's why they've started eating with their tea. We're not in London. Yeah, more's the pity. Jenkins? Give me another one. Soda water, sir? Yes. SIGHS DOOR OPENS We wondered what had become of you. I can tell you what will become of me, if I can't lay my hands on some funding. Well, that didn't take very long. I thought we'd at least get to the pudding before you held your hand out. Where have you been? We've been to Lower Farm. John? You were saying? I'm serious. There's nothing else for it. Nothing else for what? Well, a tailor's bill to pay, and the rent on Albany. Albany? Doesn't your mother pay that? And MORE tailors' bills? Yes! I don't know how a man in my position can get through the Season without any clothes. Your position? Heavens, what position is that? Peregrine! It is not fair to expect him to look like a ragamuffin. Especially not now. Why? What's happening now? That's the reason for our coming. That's the other reason for coming. Go on. John... has reached an understanding with Lady Maria Grey. What? Lord Templemore's daughter? Her father is dead. The present Earl is her brother. Well, yes. She's still Lord Templemore's daughter. Well, that's - that's very good, John. Well done, and congratulations. Ha! You sound astonished. Why shouldn't I marry Maria Grey? Well, no reason. No reason at all. It's a very good match. I say again, well done. And I mean it. It's a good match for her. The Templemores have no money to speak of, and she's marrying the future Earl of Brockenhurst, after all. So, what do you think of the work of the Ecclesiastical Commission? What do you mean? Are its reforms working? In placating the dissidents? In containing the Oxford Movement? What do I care about any of it? Just as long as I don't have to give any more damn sermons! If you're not interested in the doctrine, why did you join the Church? Why do you think? Because I'm the younger son of an Earl. Emma is to have another child. You'll be a grandmother five times over. Think of that. They're hoping for another boy. Well, I shall write to her. Hugo's very keen on a second boy. He loves the girls, of course, but he doesn't want to take any chances. "I want an heir and a spare," he keeps saying. HE LAUGHS An heir and a spare. I wonder, dear brother, i-if I might have a little word in private later? Aren't we in private now? We all know you want to talk about money. All right, let's have it. We mustn't bore the ladies. You don't mind boring me. If - if we could... i-if we could just... Come on. Come on, out with it. What my father is asking for is a loan against my future inheritance. Your inheritance, or his? Our inheritance. You're saying he wants another loan against your inheritance. Very well, then, another loan. I think my little brother has chipped away at his prospects quite substantially already. You will agree that the family's honour demands we keep up appearances. No, no, no. I don't agree at all. Any kind of show in a man of the cloth is neither expected, nor liked, by the public. What are you spending it on? Nothing you'd disapprove of. You've released funds in the past. Oh, yes, many times. Too many. I think you should stay down here, attend to your Church duties and not go up to London so much. Tell me about Maria Grey. I thought she'd only just been presented. No, no. She's quite out by now. She's 21. How time flies. I'm surprised Lady Templemore said nothing to me. Perhaps she was waiting till things were quite settled. And are they settled now? They will be, soon. And after that, we'll announce it properly. You must feel very proud, John. Of what? Of convincing such a lovely girl to be your wife. HE CHUCKLES Yes. Yes, I suppose I am. You've been very quiet. What's the matter? Why does my brother, who has never said or done anything of the slightest value... ..live to see his children make fine marriages and his grandchildren round his chair? Oh, my dear. A house in Harley Street and a large rectory here in the village, and all he does is complain. And gamble. And yet he is allowed to have a family, and I am not. No, I'm sorry. Well, I... I'm just a silly old man. But sometimes I can't help but rail at the injustice of it. You think I don't? Do you ever wonder what he'd be like now? Married, of course. Clever sons and pretty daughters. Or perhaps clever daughters and pretty sons. The point is, he's not here. Our boy is gone. I don't understand... why it happened to us. A peace offering? I can't pretend, James. SHE SIGHS It's brought it all back. My anger, along with the rest. You persuaded her into a false marriage, and in the process, ruined her. I didn't persuade her. She persuaded me. What is it? A ticket for the Horticultural Society's new botanical gardens. How did you get it? The Cubitts are among their supporters. Am I forgiven, then? You could take Susan. SHE CHUCKLES Susan dislikes flowers. She can't see beauty in anything she hasn't seen in Mr Asprey's window. Poor Oliver. Hmm. After the other night, I was wondering how to help him. What have you come up with? Cubitt's had an interesting idea to do something with the Isle of Dogs. The Isle of Dogs? Really? The new docks have made a big difference. He wants to build a solid community there. It's exciting. Perhaps I can bring Oliver into it. You're welcome to try. It doesn't sound like his sort of thing at all. Perhaps he should be a little less choosy about what interests him. Well... ..I suppose it won't hurt. All alone, Mrs Babbage? So I am. Mrs Frant's gone shopping for some bits and bobs. Might this be a moment for us to do a little business, I wonder? There's two shoulders of lamb in there, and a leg. No doubt you can add some bottles to it. I can, and I'll do it now. It's all up from Glanville, so it needs to be eaten straight away. What does Mrs Frant say when she sees the food's gone? She knows better than to ask. I'll take it round now. They pay well for country meat. That looks heavy. It is. So I'll get it out of your way. I won't be too long. No hurry, Mr Turton. The Mistress is on her way to Kew, and the Master won't be back before six. You want to watch yourself. One day, Mistress will come down and ask to be shown what's been delivered from her beloved Glanville. Then Mrs Frant will deal with her enquiries, won't she, Miss Ellis? GENTLE MUSIC PLAYS Mr Paxton, I was hoping I'd see you. Mrs Trenchard, how are you? Oh, I wish you could see the gardens at Glanville. There isn't a corner that has not benefitted from your advice. One day. Oh, there you are, Paxton. I've been looking everywhere for you. Have you heard the news? What news is that, Your Grace? They've taken all the citrus out of the orangery. Too dark in there. They didn't have the advantage of your planning. Your Grace, Your Ladyship, may I present a keen and talented gardener? Mrs Trenchard, The Duke of Devonshire and Lady Brockenhurst. A pleasure, Mrs Trenchard. Mrs Trenchard and I are old friends. Excellent! Shall we go and see what they've done to the conservatory? Are you interested in Kew? The Duke was good enough to ask for my help when the Horticultural Society first took on the management of the garden. Mrs Trenchard... That man we were talking about the other day... Charles Pope? The very one. Mr Charles Pope. What about him? I have forgotten where he lives, this Mr Pope. I am not sure of the address. What about his parents? I remember the father was a clergyman. The Reverend Benjamin Pope. And the county? Surrey. There we are. That didn't hurt too much, did it? BUSTLING STREET Anything while I've been out, Brodsworth? Yes, Mr Pope. You've got a visitor. I wasn't expecting anyone, was I? Well, you weren't expecting her. It's the Countess of Brockenhurst. What? Lady Brockenhurst. I' m terribly sorry to have kept you waiting. Since I made no appointment, there's no need to apologise. Are you all right? You look as if you've seen a ghost. EXHALES You remind me of someone I used to know. That's all. Someone nice, I hope? Very nice. Now, what can I offer you? I have tea. I have coffee... No. No, thank you, nothing. I dare say you're surprised to see me, but I've been curious to meet you. Have you? Why? How on earth did I come to your notice? I've heard you talked of. People say you have a future. Lord Brockenhurst and I like to help young men who are on their way. I see. So, tell me about yourself, Mr Pope. Who are you? Where are you from? Where am I from? It is not a very interesting story. I am from Surrey, the son of a vicar. There's nothing wrong with that. Well, actually, my real father was dead when I was born. So his cousin, the Reverend Benjamin Pope, brought me up. I think of him as my father, but, sadly, he is also gone now. I am sorry. What else have you heard about me? I know that you've bought a mill in Manchester, and that you're looking for a regular supplier of cotton. This is astonishing. And I understand you've decided on India for your suppliers. Much more, and I'll ask you to sit on the board! THEY CHUCKLE I... I won't keep you too long, but... I would like you to send me whatever you think would be useful, and then I'll come back to you with my decision. What decision? As to whether or not we should invest in your company. Mr Pope, I am giving an At Home on Tuesday. I generally receive on the second Tuesday of every month during the season. I wonder if you might like to come. Me? It starts at ten. I wouldn't dine too heartily beforehand, as there will be a supper at midnight. I don't quite understand. Mr Pope, I'm asking you to a party. Is that so very puzzling? I should be delighted, m'lady. NOISY, BUSTLING STREET How did you know where to find me? You're always here. Who's paying for this feed? You or me? You. Want some of this? No, I'll wait until they bring my luncheon. All right, suit yourself. Your mother wants to invite Lady Maria and her mother for dinner, and she needs you to suggest a date. Shouldn't we just... wait till everything's agreed? What's the matter, John? Why aren't you happier? Maria seems a nice girl to me, and very pretty. Mm. When a woman is to be served up on a platter, to do with as one likes, it rather takes the sport out of it. At least, it does to me. Anyway, Uncle Peregrine is pleased, which is all that really matters. Well, you'll grow to like her, I'm sure. Really? As much as you like Mama? CHUCKLES This came while you were out, Ma'am. A footman brought it from Brockenhurst House. Is it an invitation? What are you doing there? Are you invited to dinner? No, to a reception after dinner. Although I dare say there will be something to eat later on. But I'm not sure we'll go. Not go? We barely know her. And it's hard to get up much enthusiasm for... for something that begins so late in the evening. But surely you... What is it you're trying to ask? I just hoped that Oliver and I... might be included in the invitation. But you're not. Please don't make me beg, Mother. Would it be so terribly difficult for you to write and ask? I suppose they're moving up in the world, if the Countess of Brockenhurst deigns to know them. That's what the Master will think, anyway. BELL RINGS Why does Lady Brockenhurst want to bother with them? What have the Trenchards got to give the Brockenhursts? Why? Do you only make friends where there's something to gain? It's the times we live in. New folk coming up and overtaking the old. Brockenhurst House again. That's the invitation for Mr and Mrs Oliver. You'll see. DOOR KNOCKS I think I have everything I need. They brought this round just now, from Brockenhurst House. I see. You may go. Goodnight, Ellis, and thank you. DOOR OPENS CLEARS HIS THROAT Well, well. Susan will be pleased. We shouldn't go. Of course we should go. Why do you think we've been asked? Did she take a shine to you when you met? Whether she did or not, it seems awkward and wrong to accept, knowing what we know. Well, I don't agree. And besides, Lady Brockenhurst doesn't know what we know. HORSES' HOOVES CLATTER Quirk! Be back here by one o'clock. We won't leave before then. Very good, sir. I wonder how many people dined here before the crowd arrived. STRING ORCHESTRA PLAYS BRIGHT MUSIC Mr and Mrs James Trenchard. Mr and Mrs Oliver Trenchard. How good of you to come. What beautiful flowers! And what a heavenly scent. Yes, they were brought up from Lymington this morning. I don't believe I've met your husband. Lady Brockenhurst, may I present Mr Trenchard. Lady Brockenhurst, it is very gracious of you to invite us to your charming home. Not at all. I doubt the house holds many secrets for you, Mr Trenchard, since you built it. THEY CHUCKLE May I present my son, Mr Oliver Trenchard, and his wife. Countess, what a beautiful drawing room. So, Mr Trenchard, tell me, do you share the same interests as your father? Oliver works for me. Or, should I say, works with me. At the moment, we are engaged on a new project, developing the Isle of Dogs. The Isle of Dogs? It's in East London. East London? We're creating a new embankment, with business properties and workers' cottages, and, indeed, houses for management, and so on. And we're expanding the docks. James... It's true. The ships have run out of room. They need new places to load and unload, with all the trade that's coming in from all over the world. The further the Empire expands... How exciting you make it sound. Would you excuse me? Mr and Mrs John Grant. CHATTER What sort of person has their fires lit in high summer? It's stifling in here. Oliver, let's go through. I'd rather we stay here, to watch the arrivals. There may be someone we know who can lend us face. Mr Trenchard? I'm Stephen Bellasis. The Reverend Mr Bellasis is the brother of our host. Just so. I gather you're Cubitt's man? Responsible for turning the streets of London into a white colonnade overnight. What we do seems to be popular, Reverend. Riot is popular, sir. Revolution is popular. What sort of test is that? We understand from Lady Brockenhurst that you knew our poor nephew, Lord Bellasis. Yes. We knew him well. But I'm afraid it was a long time ago. Now there's only my son John between this family and extinction. That's him over there, talking to the pretty woman in pink. That pretty woman is my daughter-in-law. He looks to be entertaining her rather well. John is about to announce his engagement. The Countess of Templemore and Lady Maria Grey. Oh, here they are! MUTED CHATTER We've been looking for you. Good evening, to both of you. Say "Good evening" to John, dear. Good evening. Did you have a pleasant journey? We should have walked. It took twice as long in a carriage. Ah! The Isle of Dogs may not seem so inspiring a place, but I can assure you that when we are finished, the whole area will be transformed... Mr Charles Pope. CATCHES HER BREATH You came! Let me introduce you to some people, come with me. Mrs Trenchard... may I present a new acquaintance? Mr Charles Pope. Mr Trenchard? What are you doing here? GLASS SMASHES Well, this is amusing. There was I, thinking Mr Pope was my secret, only to find that you're well acquainted. How funny. How long have you known each other? Not long. A while. Not long? A while? Yes, dear, do tell me. How long have you known Mr Pope? Well, I knew his father. And, erm, when Charles came to London, I felt it my duty to lend a hand, if I could. And did you? Did I what? Lend a hand. Very much so. I'd gained a place in a bank, but when I got to London, it didn't take me long to realise I was playing the wrong game. Mr Trenchard rescued me. He helped get my own business up and running. I couldn't have managed without him. It is the same venture you're interested in, Lady Brockenhurst. In what way are you... interested? Isn't London a tiny place? THEY LAUGH Forgive me, but I-I don't understand. Are you and Mr Trenchard... In business together? We are, in a way, I'm glad to say. How long has this been going on? Er, Mr Pope's father asked for my help. He has since died, and so, naturally, I take his request very seriously. And I'm glad to do so. There is Lord Brockenhurst. I... I want you to meet Mr Pope. Ah, Mr Pope. Lovely to meet you. Come. Anne, I... I can't talk to you. You knew he was coming here, didn't you? Why didn't you tell me? You have disobeyed my orders and told our hostess everything. Keep your voice down. I thought we had an agreement. You are in no position to lecture me. You have built and enjoyed a friendship with our grandson that you have denied me, most cruelly. I invested in his business. I gave him advice. Do you not think that Sophia would have wanted that? LAUGHTER, CHATTER Really, Mr Bellasis. You've made me offend nice Baron whatever-his-name-was. Hmm. Honestly. And I was on my best behaviour, too. Yes, I bet your behaviour's always pretty good, worse luck. Oh, quickly! That frightful old bore was headed straight towards us. It took me half an hour to shake him off the last time. That old bore was my father-in-law. Ha-ha-ha! Poor you. I know your type. You're just the sort of man to make me say all manner of things I don't want to say in the least. Yes, and I hope I can make you do all manner of things you don't want to do in the least. DOOR OPENS Oh, er, sorry. Do I disturb you? Not at all. I'm afraid it's I who am disturbing you. If you'd rather be alone...? No. I suspect your mother would prefer you to be alone, or at least not with a strange man to whom you haven't been introduced. My mother is deep in conversation with an aged great aunt, who will not release her without a fight. THEY LAUGH Then perhaps we had better introduce ourselves. Charles Pope. Maria Grey. So, why are you hiding out here? Is it that obvious? CHUCKLES I felt so sorry for you when you were being paraded around by our hostess. How do you know them? Are you related? Heavens, no. This isn't my natural habitat at all. I'm a very ordinary sort of fellow. Well, Lady Brockenhurst doesn't seem to think so. I've never seen her so animated. She's not a woman known for her enthusiasms. You're right that she's taken an interest in my work, although I couldn't tell you why. Lady Brockenhurst has taken an interest in a business venture? You sound surprised. I should be less surprised if she wanted to walk on the moon! I don't understand it, either. She seems enthused by the whole idea. What is the idea? I have bought a mill in Manchester. Now I need a better supply of raw cotton from India, and for that, I must have funding. But I'm determined that anyone who invests in me will not regret it. Of course you are. I don't know why I said all that. I seem to have told you everything there is to know about me. Not quite. I thought Indian cotton production was in disarray. Surely the shipping is too expensive to be worth it? How in heaven do you know that? CHUCKLES India interests me. I have an uncle who served as Governor of Bombay. I've never been, but I believe it is a country with a great future. Ruled by the British... For now, but not forever. Do you know which part of India you'll be dealing with? Well, I have an agent in Agra, in the north. Then you must visit the Taj Mahal. It's said to be the most beautiful monument to love ever built. The marble changes colour, from a blush pink in the morning to a milky white in the evening, to a gold when lit by the moon. The legend is, the shade reflects the mood of any woman who sees it. What about the men who see it? What does it tell us about them? That when they lose the right woman, they find her much harder to replace than they expected. THEY LAUGH Maria? Mama. They're calling us to supper. And we must find John. We've hardly spoken to him all evening. CHATTER CUTLERY CLATTERS Mr Pope. Come and sit with me. What on earth is my sister-in-law up to? Why is she making such a fuss of that dreary little man? Do you think him dreary? I don't. There are at least three dukes in the room, but when they look across at the seat on the right hand of our hostess, they see it occupied by... ..by whom exactly? Who is he? His name is Charles Pope. He was talking to your husband earlier, Mrs Trenchard. Does this Mr Pope work for him? No, he doesn't work for him. He works for himself. They know each other. They may have some project in common. But that's all. So you can't explain Lady Brockenhurst's fascination? I'm afraid not. I think my father seems to be annoyed. Why? My aunt has chosen to honour that curious young man she's been making such a fuss of all evening. Yes, she has, hasn't she? Hmm. Who is he? His name is Charles Pope. He deals in cotton. Oh. Come, my dear. John is not interested in cotton merchants. Are you? I'm interested to know why my aunt is so taken with him. How do you all know this? I was talking to him earlier. We were discussing India. Oh, poor you. Well, I should love to see India. Really? You don't like to travel? Hmm. Paris, perhaps, or Rome. I could even see myself in Madrid, as long as it's not too hot. But I doubt I should survive a trip to... India. DRAMATIC MUSIC BUILDS What are you doing? I'm getting to know the grandson who's been concealed from me for a quarter of a century. But why so publicly? Can't you see that half the room is asking who this strange young man could be? Of course, that must worry you. Sophia's memory, your reputation. You want them to guess. You want them to guess he's Edmund's child, and you wanted us to witness it. Then you will not have broken your word, but the secret will be out. I think the Derbys are just leaving. Would you forgive me if I go down and say goodbye? MUSIC BUILDS 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 