Belgravia: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Belgravia 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Belgravia (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Before she died, my daughter Sophia was delivered of a boy... the son of Lord Bellasis. Where is he now, this boy? The boy is a man. He now goes under the name of Charles Pope. Will you keep our secret? Why would I publicise my late son's degradation? Stephen and Grace will be here for dinner. They'll be wanting money. Why shouldn't I marry Maria Grey? It's a good match for her. She's marrying the future Earl of Brockenhurst. That man we were talking about the other day... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Charles Pope? The very one. May I present a new acquaintance? Mr Pope. Good evening, to both of you. Say good evening to John, dear. You're just the sort of man to make me say all manner of things. I'm a very ordinary sort of fellow. Well, Lady Brockenhurst doesn't seem to think so. You want them to guess. You want them to guess he's Edmund's child and you wanted us to witness it. HORSES HOOVES CLATTER Oh! I thought you'd gone to bed. What a terrible evening. DOOR SLAMS It was fun! You can hardly complain about the other guests. The evening was damnable! And you made it more so! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Staring into the eyes of that scented degenerate! You may go, Speer. I'll ring for you in a while. Now, what is this about? Who is this man Pope? Where did he come from? And why is Father investing in his business? When did he ever invest in my business? You don't have a business. Then when did he ever invest in me? And why was Lady Brockenhurst guiding him around the room like a show pony? How did he manage that, when she barely spoke a civil word to either of us all evening? My poor darling. What relation is Mr Bellasis to our host of this evening? His father, the Reverend Mr Bellasis, is Lord Brockenhurst's younger brother. He's also his heir, although it will be his son John who inherits, since the old boy is considerably healthier than his younger sibling. John Bellasis will be the next... The next Earl of Brockenhurst. The present Earl's only son died at Waterloo. There's no one else. Did you enjoy yourself? Yes. Although, I am sorry to learn that John is not a traveller. Nonsense. He likes to travel in Europe, just not in the blazing sun of the tropics. Who can blame him? I should say the same. I suppose. You and John are well suited. I know, you would not say so if you did not believe it to be true. Good night, Mama. But why was Mr Oliver so angry? Mr Oliver can always find a reason to be angry. So, it wasn't because of the gentleman you liked? Mr Bellasis? No, it wasn't that. But you did like him? Why? I just wondered if you planned to see him again. Good night, Speer. DOOR SHUTS It sounded as if everyone was having a wonderful time, your ladyship. I think it did go well. Isn't it bliss when they've gone? GROANS There are only so many times one can enquire after someone's health, or delight in the news of the Queen's pregnancy. CHUCKLE Who was that chap in the cotton trade? What was he doing here? You mean Mr Pope? Pope? Was that the name? Yes, I thought he was a nice fellow. He was more amusing than those women you stuck me with over supper. Why was he in our drawing room? Because I like him. How do you know him? Thank you, Dawson. Yes, Ma'am. Maria Grey has grown up to be a pretty girl. She used to be so serious, always with her head in a book. Now she looks quite charming. Hmm, lucky John. I hope he deserves her. They had new dresses on tonight, mother and daughter. They knew John would be there it doesn't do to look impoverished. Certainly not in front of one's intended. Edmund would be forty-eight now. I suppose he would be. Anyway... ..I'd better turn in, busy day tomorrow. Good night, my dear. DOOR SHUTS Charles must know. He does not. She placed him to her right at dinner. Everyone noticed. She might as well publish it in The Times. She wanted to put him at his ease. She wanted to draw attention to him. And why else would she do that if she didn't want it to get out? How long have you been in contact with Charles? Do you really think she hasn't told him? People like him do not get invited to intimate suppers in Belgrave Square, to tear a pheasant with the peerage. My dear... Admit it! People like Charles Pope do not sit next to the Countess of Brockenhurst at dinner! In the ordinary way of things, she wouldn't give him the time of day! If you think I'm going to listen to one word of reproof, you have another think coming! You're as much to blame as I am! Me? What have I done? SCOFFS You have been in contact with our grandson, you know him! You're even working with him, but you never saw fit to tell me. Anne, be reasonable. I gave that baby boy away, because you were afraid it might mean fewer invitations to dinner if we brought him up. And now you deceive me in this hateful and hurtful way. Lady Brockenhurst's ignorance was no excuse for the cruelty of keeping the secret. It was time she knew. She had to know. Now go back to your own room and let me sleep. Your sentimentality will bring the roof down on us all. When Sophia is spoken of as a... as a fallen woman, when doors we have worked so hard to open are slammed against us, then you will only have yourself to blame. DOOR BANGS SOBS We must invite them back. Who? Lord and Lady Brockenhurst, of course. Don't be silly. Why is that silly? Haven't we been entertained by them? Isn't it only polite to ask them back? They wouldn't come. Father left early. He was gone by the time I came down. He has a busy morning preparing for tomorrow's meeting with Mr Cubitt. He intends to talk about Oliver. To see what he can do for him. What indeed? And one for you, Mrs Oliver. Whom is it from? An old school friend who's in London for a few days. She's going to an exhibition at the National Gallery tomorrow. She'd like us to meet there. How nice. Should I accompany you? I mustn't be a burden. What could be more boring than the gossip of a stranger? I'll take Speer. BELL RINGS Mind if I join you, Miss Ellis? Only I've got to mend this before she gets dressed this evening. I was interested in what you were saying the other day about making the right choices and paying for the wrong ones. Hmm, I'm not sure how much choice we have, in the usual way of things. We're at the bottom and they're at the top. But you like the Mistress, don't you? I work for her, that's all. Perhaps you don't like being in service. There's no perhaps about it. Why should I? Grovelling and lying and pretending I'm glad to be a dog's body? What's to like about that? Well, why don't you try something else, then? And what might that be, Miss Speer? Nursing in some blood-soaked hospital, thick with the smell of disease? No. They've got us women stitched up and no mistake, whichever way you look at it. Well, I mean to hedge my bets. How will you do that? There's a situation and if it comes off, there may be benefits for me. And what might that be? It's too early to tell. WATER SPLASHES WATER SPLASHES What an unexpected pleasure. I was about to head off to White's. Oh, then I'm glad to have caught you. Hmm. What have you done to your face? A window broke, as I was passing. Did you break the window? No. Three queens. I might fold. You can't. You're my partner. We're about to have a winning streak. SCOFFS Winning streak? Would you recognise one if you saw it? I'm sorry, Bellasis, but I really must go. If you're off, Barton, I may as well make tracks. Black, you must give a chap a chance to win some of his money back. Black! Just, just one more round, that's all I ask. So, your lordship... I'm not a lord. My brother is a lord. I am not. Then you may need to talk to your brother. CLEARS THROAT So... ..to what do I owe this honour? It seems I'm in a spot of bother. How much bother? £1,000 worth of bother. £1,000? £1,000? Is it really? It really is. Now, we are both gentlemen. And I am also a pleasant fellow and a reasonable one. Yes, yes... You have two days, to get the money. Well, I... GLASS SMASHES I wouldn't normally ask... The thing is you do normally ask. In fact, you ask habitually. I can't remember the last time you came to my house without asking. The answer is no. WHIMPERS Two days! My God... Oh, my God... WHIMPERS What do you mean, "No"? No. I won't give it to you. Is that clear enough? Not this time. But you have to. I'm your brother, and I... I need it. I must have it. You should have thought of that before you gambled it away. You played with money that you did not own. And this is the result. I didn't gamble it. That's not what happened at all. We both know that that's a lie. How dare you accuse me of lying. I am a man of the cloth. I will not pay any more of your debts. You have a decent income from your inheritance and the Church, as far as I can tell and your wife gives you additional funds. You simply must learn to live within your means. How dare you? Who do you think you are? Just because you're two years older than me, you take it all, the title, the estates, all the money! No, not all the money. Do you ever think how unfair it is? It isn't fair. But it is the system that we were born in to. Well, one day John will inherit. My son, not yours. And he will have everything. And when he does let me remind you, by definition, you will be dead and he will no longer have to fund his father's vices. Then good day to you, brother! HE EXHALES DISTANT GIGGLES DOOR UNLOCKS GASPS My Goodness, Stephen! You nearly gave me a heart attack! What on earth were you doing down there? Nothing. Do you remember Mr Pope? He was here the other evening. Yes, very well. And now he's come back for some tea? He has. He's been telling me all about his plans. He has a cotton mill in Manchester. Are you interested in Mancunian cotton mills? Lady Brockenhurst has been very encouraging. Has she, indeed? Yes and I've delayed him quite long enough. Thank you for my tea. You're very kind. Nonsense. I so enjoyed our conversation, Mr Pope. I will write to you at once. Thank you for that. Whatever decision you may come to. DOOR BANGS Someone's looking terribly pleased with themselves. Lady Maria Grey, if I'm not mistaken? The very one. And you are Mr Pope. How do you know my rank? I asked our hostess about you. Goodness. Should I be flattered by your curiosity? And why, may I enquire, are you so full of the joys of spring? Because I am optimistic about my business. But I'm afraid you'd find it very dull. You don't know that. Why do men always presume that women are only interested in gossip or, or fashion? I meant no offence. I simply didn't think the financing of a cotton supply would be very diverting. I'll be the judge of that, Mr Pope. So, you tell me about your mill and your cotton and if I find the subject tiresome, I shall stifle a yawn behind my hand, then you'll realise you've failed. I will endeavour to meet the challenge. Are you on your way somewhere? The new London Library, I think I might join. Mr Carlyle is a friend of Mama's and he waxes lyrical over its merits, which, according to him, are vastly superior to those of the library at the British Museum, though I find that hard to believe. Ryan is my mother's maid. She is accompanying me. She thinks Mama will disapprove of our being seen together. Will she? Probably. Where are you headed? I was on the way to my office. I want to look in before I go home. And, where is that? Bishopsgate. In the City. Then we'll walk with you now. The library is at 49 Pall Mall, so, we won't take you out of your way. And on the way, you can explain your business to me, but, please, be as amusing as possible. Who was that? The Duchess of Bedford. So, I might have greeted her too, if you'd only taken me there. Well, you've been received by Lady Brockenhurst now, so, it's not all downhill. What are you doing this afternoon? Nothing much. I have a dress fitting at three. Can I have the carriage? Of course. There's no need to ask. It's hard to fill your days when you have nothing to fill them with. That's very philosophical. I'm not a complete dunderhead, whatever your opinion of me. How would you like to fill your days? With my children and my position in Society, but since I have neither, I have to go to fittings and embroider and put clothes in the missionary barrel and try to be content. I do not talk about your lack of a child, because I do not believe you want me to, but if there's anything... Please. I've seen everyone. I've tried everything. There will be no children. James! Good to see you. Mr Cubitt. William. This is very good of you. Did you see the new Reform Club on your way here? Isn't it beautiful? He's a clever chap, that Mr Barry. I'm not sure about the politics of the place. Full of liberals, all of them bent on making trouble, but it's fine work none the less. Are you a member of this place yet? I put you up for it ages ago. I'm not sure how my application is doing. There's quite a list, I'm told. And the, er, the sons of old members leap frog over the newcomers. Ah, it'll be all right. Two glasses of Madeira, please. I wonder. I'm just a businessman, with no background whatever. Thomas and I are hardly Plantagenets. No, you are great and public figures. I am not. They'd be lucky to get you. They won't see it in that light. Let's talk about Cubitt Town. How much do you know? We'll expand the docks, create local businesses and build houses for those working nearby. Exactly. There's pottery, cement, brick production. Dirty stuff, but it has to be made, with homes for clerks and bookkeepers too and, hopefully, we can persuade some managers to settle there. In short, we want to reinvent the place, rebuild it as a whole community. Could there be, erm, an opening for Oliver? It's just the sort of thing he'd love to be part of. Oliver? My son. Oh, that Oliver. I've never thought him very taken with the business. I don't object to his working for us, but the demands of a project like this might be rather more than he'd be willing to undertake. Oliver would be very keen to be involved. He's tremendously interested. Yet he's never asked a single question about the development of Bloomsbury, or Belgravia, or any of our other contracts. Sometimes he's not good at, erm... ..expressing himself. I see. And now we must part. You go that way and I go this. Very well, but, you win. I did not have to stifle a single yawn. LAUGHS You'd better hurry, or the library will be closed when you get there. I should love to come and visit your offices one day. If your mama didn't think we should walk together, I doubt she'd find a visit to Bishopsgate quite the... Nonsense. You say Lady Brockenhurst may pay you another visit, why shouldn't I come with her and see it for myself? You know her well, then? Well, I'm engaged to her nephew. Ah. That is... she and I could come together. Nothing would give me more pleasure, and now I should be on my way. Polishing your skills, Miss Speer? I don't need to polish them, thank you, Morris. They're bright enough. Who's in for luncheon? I've to go and lay the table. Just the Mistress and Mrs Oliver, I think. The great ladies have lunch laid for 20 every day. Then whoever drops in during the morning is invited to stay and eat with them. No one drops in here, I'm sad to say. Ah. What's Mrs Oliver up to? She's gone for a drive with the Mistress and then she has a dress fitting this afternoon. Hasn't she got enough clothes? Maybe. But she doesn't have the invitations to go with them. What's this? Just saying Mrs Oliver would like to get out more. Then she would be advised to lower her sights a little. I don't see that. Her dad's as rich as Mr Trenchard. Or nearly. Money is not the sole criterion, Miss Speer, not in the society she aspires to. She went to Brockenhurst House, Mr Turton. You can't ask for more than that. We will have to wait and see if the invitation is repeated. She gets little enough help from the Mistress. Mrs Trenchard has more sense. She knows where she's not wanted. I don't agree, if you'll pardon me, Mr Turton. I'd say she goes where she likes and she doesn't care what people think. I admire her for it. Then I suggest you take your admiration up to the dining room, Morris and lay the table. Yes, Mr Turton. Emma says she's well. My goodness, what happened? Nothing, nothing. I, er... ..a window broke when I was standing near it. Does this have something to do with how you spent yesterday evening? It wasn't one of my best. You know we have nothing left to sell except this house? If you keep going as you are, we won't have enough to pay the servants. Oh, you're being ridiculous. I mean it! We pay them little enough as it is. Don't worry. I'll... I'll sort it out soon. Sort your face out first. Where will he be? Near the round pond, but what if I see someone I know? What could be more innocent than a chance meeting in Kensington Gardens? Of course, I'm taking a chance on you, Speer. You'll have enough to hang me by the end of it. You can trust me, Mrs Oliver. I do. I may be a fool, but I do. There he is. The handsome man with the stick? That's him. He looks very confident. Oh, he's quite in charge. He thinks he is here to seduce me. So, I'll have to make him work for it. He'll be disappointed if it's too easy. Oh, Madam. You are a card. I wasn't sure you'd come. Nor was I. CHUCKLES Do you mind if I sit down? No, please. I'm worn out from the dust and bustle of London. They seem to be building everywhere. Yes, I was in Trafalgar Square this morning. Nelson's column is taking its time. Yes. I keep some rooms in Isleworth for just that reason. To get away from all the noise and the traffic. Isleworth? Hmm. It's only a dining room and a bedroom, with a servant to run things, but... I can escape the city when I want and breathe clean, fresh air. How heavenly that sounds. It's quite a secret. I've never been to Isleworth, but isn't it where people keep orchards and grow vegetables for their tables? Yes, I believe so. The air must be wonderful. I must make a pilgrimage and see it for myself. Well, I hope you'll let me show you my hiding place when you do. I don't think I could bear to miss it. Perhaps you could suggest a day that would suit you? Perhaps I will. Shouldn't you be in the office? I've done enough for one day. DOOR OPENS LOUDLY May I have the carriage tomorrow? I'll need it for most of the day. Or I can hire one. No need, why do you want it? I've an idea of going out to Isleworth. There are some kitchen gardens and orchards for sale that I'd like to see. Why would you care? Oh, I thought it might be something I'd enjoy. I'd accompany you if I could. Don't worry. I'll take Speer. And, er... am I expected to buy one of these kitchen gardens, or orchards? Or my father might. I could ask him if you don't care for the idea. Well, my dear father-in-law can certainly afford it. Erm, would you like me to come with you? I should love it. There are three for us to see before luncheon and I have four to visit afterwards. Then you will go alone. I'm tired out by the very idea of it. Don't ask about my face. And a good day to you too, father. He said, "No." Who? Your uncle, of course. What am I to do? I only have two days left, or rather, one day, now. How much did you ask for? £1,000. I owe Schmitt. Schmitt?! Oof. Then, you'd better pay him. I know. You can't think of anyone who could help me? Go to a bank. They know the family has money that'll come to you and then me. Couldn't you borrow against that? I've tried before. They think my brother is too healthy and the wait will be too long. Hmm. Well, I do know a Polish chap, Emil Tomaszewski, in the East End. He could get you the money in time. How much does he charge? 50%. 50. That's a bit steep. Yeah, well, that's the going rate in emergencies. They have you over a barrel. Is there really nothing left to sell? Only Harley Street and that's mortgaged to the hilt. I doubt we'd walk away with a penny piece. Well, you must convince the bank, or visit the Pole. Do you know who I saw today, at your uncle's house? Charles Pope. Trenchard's prodigy? Was he there again? He and your aunt were having tea in her private sitting room. Hmm. I caught them as he came out. Something's going on. Hmm. I think she means to invest in his business. What?! Aunt Caroline? Why? Exactly. Why? Do we know anything about him? No. I don't like the hold he has over Lady Brockenhurst. She's making a fool of herself. How can we find out more about him? Well, as it happens, I'm quite friendly with the younger Mrs Trenchard. She told me her father-in-law has known Pope for a while. How friendly? Well, I bumped into her in Kensington Gardens and we talked. Indeed? Do you want my help, or not? Talk to one of their servants. They know more than anyone. Yeah, that's not a bad idea. Mrs Trenchard's maid was with her when we met. I'll speak to her. There must be some history between Charles Pope and Caroline. If we find it out... maybe she'll pay to keep the information secret. You mean we should blackmail her? Certainly I do. And you could start us off by finding out the secrets of the Trenchards. Hmm. Excuse me. Are you delivering for Mrs Trenchard? Mrs Babbage, but yes. Can you give this to Ms Speer? She's one of the maids. Why don't you give it yourself? Turton? The butler? Hmm. What makes you think he'd listen to me? He likes money, sir. And you want to talk to Miss Ellis, the Mistress's maid. She's been with the family longer than anyone. Oh, and she also likes money? I'd say so, sir. And how would I meet these two? You'll find Mr Turton in the Horse and Groom Pub, in Groom Place, just off Belgrave Square. Hmm. He's there most days, before luncheon at noon and before dinner at six. Hmm. Thank you, Miss Speer. You have been very helpful. Now I must hurry. I have to dress Mrs Oliver for dinner and we should plan what she's wearing tomorrow. For her trip to Isleworth. CHUCKLES Oh, I'd be very grateful if you said nothing to your mistress about this. I'm a servant, sir. We don't tell anything they don't need to know. CHUCKLES Who's going with us to Glanville? I s'pose I'll be dressing Mr Oliver as well as the master. Morris here, is coming as first footman. He'd do it, but I don't believe Mr and Mrs Oliver will go. Don't you? I hope not. Mrs Oliver hates to travel. She doesn't see the point of it. Not when all that's waiting is a draughty house and boredom. I'm glad I'm going to Glanville. I enjoy myself when I'm there. Yeah, of course you do. You sit there talking to the local boobies about the new shops that have opened in Bond Street and the new fashions, and what the Duchess of This said to the Countess of That, until they think you've got the ear of the Queen herself. She could do worse than listen to me. LAUGHTER What are you talking about? Miss Ellis has been regaling us with the delights of a stay at Glanville. Don't remind me. Three days of torture being shaken to the core, followed by four weeks of tedium in a muddy desert. You've got that in common with Mrs Oliver. I have nothing in common with Mrs Oliver. Mr Pope is outside, sir, asking for the honour of an interview. Then bring him in. I hope I don't disturb you, Mr Trenchard, but I have some news. Of course not. Won't you sit down? I... I won't, if you don't mind. I'm too excited. Lady Brockenhurst has written. I saw her yesterday and her letter arrived this morning at the office. And it brought good news? The best of news. I believe I have all the money I need. Nobody has all the money they need. With your help and hers, it means I can pay off the mortgage, buy new looms and re-tool the factory. I can plan my visit to India, appoint an agent out there and then sit back and watch as our production grows. Not that I will sit back, of course. And you still have no clue as to the reason for her interest? She likes me. I can see that. But she's never explained how she came to hear of me in the first place. Hmm. Well, well. One mustn't look a gift horse in the mouth. Is that good news too, sir? I'm a member of the Athenaeum. They have allowed me to join. I wonder if Mr Cubitt nudged them to overcome their distaste. Nonsense. Let's test the membership. We will make them give us some lunch. Excuse me. May I help you, sir? My name is Trenchard. I'm a new member here. Ah yes, Mr Trenchard. Welcome to the club. Will you be taking luncheon with us today? Absolutely! With Mr Cubitt, sir? Mr Cubitt? No. It is customary for a new member's first luncheon to be with the person who proposed them, sir. Is it a rule? Not a rule, sir, no. Just a custom. Well, it is a custom we must set aside for today. I am here with my... with my guest, Mr Pope. Very good, sir. To the health of your new venture. I've, er... I've made a few calculations which I'd like to show you. I see a lot of myself in you. High praise, Mr Trenchard. I don't know what I've done to deserve it. Excuse me. I'm very sorry, Mr Trenchard, but business papers are not allowed in any part of the building. And that is a rule, I'm afraid. Of course. Thank you, sir. Does he remind you of Robespierre? They're very officious, I must say. They should be proud of any member with business papers to show. Should I be worried that you keep a secret house in Middlesex, with a grand bedroom and a silent servant? Would you rather we were at my set in Albany? You should probably get dressed. I'm dining in town and you should be home in time to change. I might give my horse a rest and come back with you. If only we could. Can't we? My dear. I'm travelling with Speer in my husband's carriage. HUFFS Where are you meeting your maid? The Bridge Inn. Hmm. Can you help me with this? Ah. Do I have to lace it? No! That's only for comedies in the theatre. The laces are tied, I just need help with the hooks down the front. Hmm, right. Yeah, well, next time, it might be an idea if you were to wear something a little less complicated. I can hardly walk down the streets in my dressing gown. Even for you. CHUCKLES Hmm. Oliver? How did you know where I was? They told me at your office. I've been waiting for 20 minutes. Mr Pope and I were celebrating. Mr Pope? Why is he here? Well, he's had good news about his company and I've just been accepted as a member of the club. Your father has been wonderfully kind and encouraging. What's the good news? Someone else is willing to join Mr Trenchard as an investor. You seem very adept at getting people to put their hands in their pockets. If only I had your gifts. That's enough. If Lady Brockenhurst... Lady Brockenhurst will put money into your company... I must leave you, gentlemen. I have been away from my desk long enough. Would you please enlighten me? Why does everyone want to give money to that bumpkin? What's behind it? There is some element to this business that you have left unsaid. You know his late father was an old friend of mine. So old, I've never heard of him. Have you not? He asked me to look after his son when Charles first came to London. Then you've certainly managed it. Here, I came to give you these. Mr Trenchard! Let me help you. PAPERS RUSTLE So... where shall we hold our next tryst? You decide. But what a difference these railways will make. Oh, in what way? We could already go to Brighton and be back in time for tea. And soon it will be no more than five, or six hours to travel to York. The prospect makes me feel quite giddy. Hmm, why does everything have to change? I like things the way they are. Nothing has to change about this afternoon. And now I really must be gone. Don't make me wait too long before I see you again. Is Father home? Not yet. But he will be soon. Then let us enjoy a few minutes of peace before he shows his face. DOOR BANGS I wish you wouldn't be so harsh. Has he spoken to you... Hmm? ..about the Isle of Dogs? Yes. You don't sound very excited. Should I be? Normally you're angry about being left out of things. I am. I'm even angrier now. Your father has gone out on a limb with Mr Cubitt. I did not ask him to. Maybe not, but it was all on your behalf. My father has always wanted me to be something I am not. It is my fate to disappoint him. I'm sure that's not true. It is even more true... ..now that he's found the perfect embodiment of all the virtues that I lack. You mean? Mr Charles Pope. I found them lunching together today. I wish you did not dislike him so. One day you may regret it. You mean when my father has made Mr Pope his heir and displaced me? That day will never come. I went to see an agent. He's given me descriptions of some gardens and orchards up for sale. That being why you said you were visiting Isleworth. I thought they might be useful. So, now I have an alibi? Mm-hm. Thank you. I'm ever deeper in your debt. We must go. You're early. I couldn't work. I had lunch with Charles today and he told me that Lady Brockenhurst... Thank you, Ellis. I won't change for dinner quite yet. Very good, ma'am. I'll ring when I need you, but take the pink with you now and see if you can get the mark out. We should have a password for when the coast is not clear. How sad to think we have so many secrets that we need one. Now, tell me more about your luncheon. He arrived at the office, full of the news. We went to the Athenaeum. Have you been accepted? Why didn't you tell me? I only heard this morning. I dare say I shall be asked to leave soon. Why? Because she is giving him the money. And when people learn that, well, they'll guess the secret. It's over. Sophia will be remembered as a slut and we'll be down in the dirt with her! Why didn't I give him the full amount when he needed at the start? Why didn't you? Because I thought it would be too easy. I'll go and speak to her. What good will that do? None at all probably, but it can't do any harm. Today, at the club... ..I wanted so badly to tell him the truth. Oh, Anne. My heart kept urging me that he should hear it from his grandfather, rather than have it whispered on every street corner. But you didn't tell him? No. But was I right not to? James... ..when we put the child away from us and turned our backs, we chose a life of lies. Now those lies have returned to haunt us... ..and we must manage as best we can. Mr Turton, is it? Could be. Do I know you, sir? No. But I understand we might be able to do some business. You and me? I doubt you and I would have much business in common, sir. Oh? But that's where you're wrong. I'm, erm... well, I'm looking for some help in a private matter, and you could just be the right man for the job. Why would you think that? Well, I've asked among my acquaintance and yours was the name they suggested. And a Miss Ellis. The mistress' lady's maid. Just so. So, would it be possible for you to work with Miss Ellis on my behalf? I need some information about the Trenchards. What makes you think I would betray them? Oh? CHUCKLES Betray is a harsh word, Mr Turton. I merely want to know more about the family. And I am led to believe, in certain circumstances, that you might be willing to help. What circumstances? Well, there'd be a small reward for your assistance, of course. How small? That rather depends on the results. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 