Gravity Falls: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gravity Falls 
 s1e10 - Fight Fighters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gravity Falls (2012–2016): Season 1, Episode 10 - Fight Fighters - full transcript 
 Dipper is getting annoyed with Robbie when he accidentally breaks his cell phone and Robbie then challenges Dipper in a fight. Scared, Dipper finds a mystery that brings a character from an arcade game come to life, Rumble McSkirmish, but then realizes he must stop him before he kills Robbie. Meanwhile, Mabel tries to cure Grunkle Stan of his fear of heights. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is it, dudes: my favourite place in Gravity Falls Everything I know I learned right here A frog told me how to cross a street When my house was haunted, I learned how to eat ghosts And this thing taught me how to dance I've been jigging for 7 days straight! Soos?.. Let him have this Congratulations! You win! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh! Watch out! Ooh, cutscene Dr. Karate, you killed my father Dr. Karate, you killed my father again! You take that baaack! Fight! Yeah yeah yeah! Go go! Our winner Rumble McSkirmish Winners don't lose! What? You cheated You'll take that baaack! Round 2 I'm gonna punch them rough Fight! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's gang up on them Wendy! What's up babe? Just putting up some flyers for my band I'm leading guitar. No biggie Are you wearing mascara? Um, it's eye-paint for men Robbie, Dipper was just showing me this great game Ah, yeah, sweet, sweet How's about you sit this one out, kid champ? But... We just started this round Hey, relax, man I'm just trying to spend a little time with my girlfriend, all right? It'll just be one round Round 3. Fight! I'm going camping tomorrow with my dad, so I won't be around Ah, cool, cool. Watch out! King me! It's not fair! She doesn't even know what we're playing! Go fish? Dude. I think I'm picking up a radio station inside my head Try blinking to see if you can change the channel We-endy-y!.. Sounds like Robbie Robbie? Is he that jerky twerp I see making goo-goo eyes at Wendy all the time? He called me big dude once. I mean, I am a big dude, but it kinda hurt Should I sick Waddles on him again? Easy, tiger! I'll handle it O-o-oh! Ha-ha, conflict Wendy, Wendy-Wendy, Wendy! Come on out, girl! Come on down! You realize she's not here, right? Pssh. Yes. What? She's out camping with her family today Maybe if you listened to her for once, you'd know that What was that? I just said she's not here No-no-no. You wanna get into it, huh? Who wants get into it, kid? You think I don't know what's been going on, huh? It's obvious, you've gotta thing for my girlfriend, Don't you? Don't you? What? No! Come on, man! Yeah. I'm sure she's just dying to ask out 12 year old kid who wears the exact same shorts every day Hey, here's an idea. Why don't I call her right now and see if she wants to go out on a date with you Hey! Look! Don't... You don't have to! Don't, please, man!.. What are you gonna do, huh? What? What? (Hello?) My phone! I'll buy you a new one Oh no. You're not getting off that easy! Hey, I know a fight when I see one Stay right there! You, me, Circle Park, 3 o'clock We finish this! Oh, he's gone I was just gonna call the boys over to place a few bets The smart money's on skinny jeans What was I thinking? I can't fight! I've never been in a fight before Look at these noodle arms! Just bonk him over the head It's nature's snooze button Boys! Why can't you learn to hate each other in secret? Like girls do Sure, listen to your sister Maybe you can share dresses too Ha-ha-ha Boom! Maybe he'll just forget about it? Maybe it'll all blow over I don't know Dipper. Teenagers are dangerous Those hormones turn them into killing machines Really? Oh yeah dude. My cousin Reggie got in a fight with teen once The guy broke like... All his arms... All his legs... I think he killed him or something, I don't know Me and Reggie were just talking about it I can't stay here. What if Robbie comes back? I gotta hide! Look kid. You've got yourself a choice here You could either go face him like a man or you can hide indoors, like a wimp What will it be? Wimp it is Come on, Soos. Robbie is twice my size! I mean, what would getting myself killed accomplish? I just need to hide here until 3 o'clock passes This day will never end Relax, Dipper. Just try not to think about Robbie Girl, why you ackin' so cray-cray? "Why you ackin' so cray-cray" will be back in a moment Poor Dipper Hiding from Robbie, unable to face his fears Fears are for chumps. That's why I don't have any You want me to go get a ladder? — We don't have one — What? You know, study shows that keeping a ladder inside the house is more dangerous than a loaded gun That's why I own ten guns: in case some maniac tries to sneak in a ladder Grunkle Stan! Why you ackin' so cray-cray? You're the one who's ackin' cray-cray! I gotta go now Why would Grunkle Stan be so weirded out by ladders? Of course! I think he has a secret fear of heights! We'll have to test him to be sure Or we could leave well enough alone Na-a-ah! I wonder what it's gonna be like to go inside a video game for real I should have thought of this years ago! Stupid Robbie, such a jerk Round 4. Fight! K.O. Continue? A winner never runs away from a fight! That's easy for you to say You have more than one life! I wish one of these guys could fight Robbie for me "To unleash ultimate power?" I do like things that are ultimate Back, back, hold, forward, back, forward, down, hold, quarter, circle forward, triple punch! I guess it didn't work Uh... Soos? Select your character! Uh... Rumble McSkirmish? You're real? High five! Ow! Your pixels are really sharp! Greetings child boy! I'm Rumble McSkirmish from a USA! Punch Kick Punch Kick! Ow! Cool! Change machine! Change me into a powerful wolf! With Rumble around Robbie will be so scared I won't even need to fight him I've got the world's greatest fighter to be my bodyguard! I need power-ups! This is so amazing! I've got to show Soos! Soos? Help! I'm trapped in a game! It was cool in theory but in practice it was really boring It's not just a game anymore Alright Waddles. It's time to begin Operation Get Stan Over His Fear Of Heights! I came up with that name Happy Great Uncle's Day! There's a Great Uncle's Day? Of course it's not a day I've made up High heels! You shouldn't have Seriously. What... What is this? What's wrong? Are you saying these heels are too high? Do they make you uncomfortable? — Maybe — Admit it! Admit you have a fear of heights! What? That's why you bought me these? You should be ashamed of youself! And on Great Uncle's Day no less! But no, I don't have a fear of heights We now return to world's most terrifying skydiving! Ah! Ah! Ah! Turn if off! So I have a fear of heights Is that really so cray-cray? We don't have any traditional power-ups Turkey legs, pizza boxes or golden rings How about half a taco? Place it on the floor I wish I could do that! Now I must defeat the world's greatest fight fighters! Take me to the Soviet Union! That's gonna be tough. For a number of reasons But I do know a fighter here in Gravity Falls Maximum power? His name is Robbie V. and he's kinda my archenemy Did he kill your father? Well, he's dating the girl I like and he posts a really annoying amount of status updates And then he killed your father! Uh, sure Anyway, I was hoping you could scare him off for me, so I don't have to fight the guy? Ha-ha-ha! Your question makes my shoulders bounce! Fireball! Uppercut! Downercut! Bowl of punch! So you'll protect me from Robbie? Challenge accepted! Press Start! Oh-oh. I think I hear my uncle Stay perfectly still I said stay still This is as still as I can stay How I'm gonna get Grunkle Stan over his fear of heights? Hey Mable. Have you met Rumble yet? He's my new bodyguard The child gave me a taco! Wow! He's got a crazy voice! Here, say these words Effervescent! Applefritter! Riboflavin! Mabel, he's not a toy, he's a fighting machine I'm gonna get him to defend me from Robbie Isn't that kinda like cheating? I guess so Well, I'll see you after the fight Poop! Poppenbuts! Tell me my opponent's special moves Don't worry. As soon as he sees you, he's gonna wet his pants His wet pants will be no match for this! Woah! Where did that come from? I punched an oil drum! Trust me, you won't need that. Just give him a good scare Yes! With this! This street has really dangerous litter Hey Grunkle Stan! How would you like to go take a walk nowhere in particular while wearing a blindfold? Huh! Beats just sitting around being old Wait a minute! You're not planning on taking me somewhere super high up, are you? Grunkle Stan! I would never! Scout's honour! All right. Let's go Hee-hee-hee Well-well-well, look who decided to show up I thought you chickened out You ready to settle this like men? Look dude, I don't think you wanna fight me Let's just call this thing off before someone gets hurt You're scared, huh? Is that it? Ok dude. You asked for it Who's your friend? And why is he blurry? This happens to be the greatest warrior that ever lived Yeah, right. Hey eyepatch, what have the kid promised you more tate for your forearms? How can you laugh when you killed this boy's father?! Wait, what? I'm giving you one last chance: back down, or this guy is gonna go nuts How about you back down, kid! You asked for it. Rumble, go! What the?.. Wha... What is happening? I didn't want to do this, man, but you gave me no choice Maybe now you won't mess with me Woah! Rumble, you can stop! I think Robbie's had enough! Rumble Throw! Stop! I said stop! What the? That guy is crazy! Fireball! What the heck was that? You're only supposed to scare him, you almost killed him! I will not rest until the man who dishonoured you is DESTROYED! Punch! This isn't good Something told me this would be his first stop Chill out man! Please, Rumble, you gotta stop! Rumble, wait! Punch-punch-punch! You don't have to do this At least pace yourself You might get a cramp I love you dad! Oh! My car! We'll just buy another one I love being rich All you can hit! Hi dude! Soos! Where have you been? Long story, man. Dude, did you see that video game guy destroying everything in sight? That's crazy! Yeah, I kinda sorta brought him to life to be my bodyguard But now I have to stop him before he kills Robbie! You need an amiable sidekick with a pickup truck? You know I do! Take off your blindfold NOW! Yeah, that's pretty much what I was expecting You're doing better than I thought! Now look over the handrail Nope Hey, do you smell anger and hormones? Finally, I'm safe Hey, Robbie, get your own water tower! Shh, keep it down, he'll find us! Challenger sighted! On to save the day, dude You can hide, but you cannot hide! Rumble, this has to stop, please, listen to me! Kick! What was that? Oh boy We're safe, right? Of course not! This thing is on stills! High, high up! Punch! Finish him! No no no! Don't! Don't finish me! Rumble! Rumble, I have something to tell you Robbie... Robbie didn't kill my father Then who did? What? No one did, I lied to you Then you're actually a... bad guy! I guess I kinda am... My entire journey — A lie. My honour has been insulted Sensei warned me not to join the path of evil The boy has led me astray from my teachings If Robbie V. is not the last stage, then it must be... YOOOUUUUUUUUUUU! Dude! Don't fight him, man That guy's got like the black belt wrapped around his black belt You could get killed I have to I started all this, and I've got to at least try to stop it You're sure you wouldn't rather hide like a wimp? Fight like a man it is Ready! Fight! Fireball and lightning ball through Fire! Ha ha ha! You fight like a girl! Who was also a baby! Oh no That was worth a shot No. I have no looking up ...animation! What should I do? Roll him up and put him on my wall? Dude! We should rock paper scissors for him FIST FIST PUNCH FIST PUNCH RAIN!!! Never underestimate that I have punches! SUPER SUPER POWER SUPER POWER NINJA SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI ALPHA SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI ALPHA META SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI ALPHA META EXTRA SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI ALPHA META EXTRA UBER SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI ALPHA META EXTRA UBER PREFIX SUPER POWER NINJA TURBO NEO ULTRA HYPER MEGA MULTI ALPHA META EXTRA UBER PREFIX COMBO!!! You sir truly are the champion of champions Rumble wins! Winners don't lose! I wouldn't be too sure about that, man Game Over! What? No! No! Noooooooo! Game over, old friend Ha-ha, nice one, dude I'm sorry, Grunkle Stan I thought this would help but I was wrong So wrong! I... I survived! I survived and I feel great! Wait. Let me do a cocky dance just to be sure Ha-ha! Deal with it, world! Stan Pines is cured of his fear of heights! — You're coming kid? — Uh-huh What's the matter? You've got a fear of heights now? Oh-oh What? Who was that guy? Why is it that whenever you're around, there's always ghosts and monsters and whatever?! I don't know, man That guy almost broke my neck. You know how mad I am right now? So I guess you and I have to fight now, huh Go ahead, man. Do your worst. I just wanna get this over with Oh man, I'm so gonna enjoy this — Aren't you gonna run? — Nope Are you sure? Pfft. It's not ever worth it Playing lead guitar, so I'm gonna save my hands Hey guys, I heard some crazy screaming out here — Wendy?! — Wendy?! You're back! Yeah, man. Oh. What the heck happened here? Freak tornado or something? Uhh... Well... And why are your faces all jacked up? You guys weren't fighting each other, were you? I hate it when guys fight No, fighting? No, why would we? Never! We actually fell down trying to stop two other guys from fighting each other Cool. Really makes me happy to see my two boys hanging out I've got some unpacking to do I'll text you guys later Did you hear that? She called my one of her two boys! She was looking at me though Look, Robbie. If we stay at each other's throats, we'll both lose Wendy We need to make a cold war pact Ok. What's that? We need to learn to just hate each other in silence You mean, like... What girls do? Yeah, exactly. What girls do So then I told Thompson: "Hey! Save some for the rest of us!" Good one, Wendy! Oh, man. Just a second So as I was saying Yeah, I know, you're the best! [Subtitles by Ilya Zverev, for addic7ed.com] I'm Dipper. I have shorts and determination! It's-a me, a-Mabel! I'm slower, but I jump higher! Pick me or whatever Yum-yum-yum-nom-nom-yum-yum Alas, 'twas not but a dream Om-nom-nom-nom Eating my friends Om-nom 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 