Murder in the First: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder in the First 
 s1e2 - The City of Sisterly Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder in the First (2014–2016): Season 1, Episode 2 - The City of Sisterly Love - full transcript 
 As Inspectors Terry English and Hildy Mulligan begin their investigation into the death of Erich Blunt's flight attendant, Cindy Strauss. Terry must also deal with the recent death of his wife and the arrival of his sister-in-law. The investigation takes an unexpected turn when the results of Cindy's autopsy reveal a shocking secret. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Justin Burnside, performing the autopsy of Cindy Strauss, 27-year-old Caucasian female. This postmortem examination will be performed under the authorization of the office of the chief medical examiner, state of California, code 27491, possible homicide. Alexis: You know, they say a person's relationships are, perhaps, the best measure of their worth. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You know, the friends that they choose and the people they share their hearts with. In the case of my sister, never have words been so true. There's a flat, round scar on the lower aspect of the left buttock, approximately one inch in diameter. Oh! Hello. Displaced, modified, ring-type basal skull fracture with lacerations on the base of the brain, protrusion of the cervical vertebrae column into the cranial vault. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 From the anatomic findings and pertinent history, I ascribe the manner of death to acute, unnatural, traumatic cervical injury. The manner of death is deemed homicide. English: The first time I saw her was 2001, new year's Eve. I was at a party, just minding my own business, and this light caught my eye. And... She was radiant, glowing, almost. And it wasn't about how she looked. She looked good. She looked real good. It came from someplace deeper. There was an inner beauty. It was her generous soul. I hadn't said anything to her, but I knew... I knew that I could love her. It was biological. People say everything happens for a reason. I don't believe that. I think it's something that we tell ourselves during times that don't make much sense. There's no reason for this, but, uh, I guess it can't be avoided. We had a good time, Em. Oh, no. Amending and expanding my ruling. Make that a double homicide. Victim was approximately 2 months pregnant. Sync & corrections by caioalbanezi www.addic7ed.com Look, there's no doubt, it's been a violent month, but all indications are that this is a cyclical uptick and not a long-term trend. We'll get through this. This city's resilient. Madame D.A., how can you say this city is safe when you have 46 unsolved murders this year? Your clearance rate for 2014 is on pace for an all-time low. Last I checked, Liz, it was only June. D.A. Perez, Cindy Strauss, the dead stewardess for Erich Blunt. Flight attendant. Right. Have you ruled that case? We have. It's been ruled a homicide. Is it true that Ms. Strauss was romantically involved with Erich Blunt? The city of San Francisco is not going to deal in rumor or innuendo. A young woman is dead. But I promise you, the homicide unit will move through this investigation as quickly as possible. They'll get to the bottom of this. I guarantee it. You hear that? She guarantees it. Is it campaign season already? Oh, it's always campaign season. Oh. Especially for Jackie Perez. All right, let's just focus on Strauss, please. I'm still thinking about Kevin Neyers. Seriously? Think about it... Two crimes, one week, both related to Blunt. We should pull on that thread. Why? So our case against Walton unravels? We made a solid arrest, Chris Walton. We don't have the bandwidth to second-guess. Drop it. All right, just appease me. Let's go over it one more time. All right, fine. So if Erich Blunt killed Kevin Neyers, how do you explain the fact that he was in L.A. the night of the murder? 45 minutes for the flight, you got an hour for the killing. 2.5 hours... 3, max... Door-to-door. Right, but, Terry, everybody says he was in L.A., including Salter. [Ding] There's no record of his plane coming and going. You can't sneak around in a 737. Well, maybe Erich Blunt hired Chris Walton. We looked into that. We checked Walton's financials. There's no record of any payoff. When you asked him if he knew Blunt, he clearly had no clue. And, even if he was lying, which he wasn't, why would he eat a murder charge to protect Blunt? If he knew anything about it, he would've folded like a cheap tent. Don't snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. I'm just saying... Two murders, one common denominator. Coincidence? Maybe this time, yeah. No. No such thing as coincidence. God, sometimes you are so annoying. No, just thorough. [Keys jingle] Bob Groff. I'm your court-appointed lawyer. I've spoken with the assistant district attorney. Where'd you go to school? Stanford. Let's discuss your case. You went to Stanford and now you're a public defender? What happened? Heh. This murder charge is pretty sticky. Three eyewitnesses, fingerprints, Fentanyl. It's not going away. So what's the plan? Let's take it to trial, Stanford. Uh, no. No, that's a bad idea. You'd lose a trial. But, the Prosecution's case is a golf course... No weapon, no motive, shaky time line, juvenile eyewitnesses... It's full of holes. Plus, you're lucky... No one seems to give a shit about Neyers, his body hasn't even been claimed, and no one seems to care about you. You're not a priority, which means you are flying under the radar. It is your lucky day. Now, they have offered you a sweetheart deal, Mr. Walton, and you should take it. Admit you shot him, and they'll get rid of the murder charge entirely, knock it down to voluntary manslaughter. That's six years, and, with prison overcrowding, it's easy time. You blink and you'll be out. I need to think about it. Okay. Fine. Just know that this offer goes away at the end of business today and, if you turn it down, they will come after you for the full ride, for murder one. [Knocks] [Keys jingle] Thank you. Violating section 187(A) of the Penal Code, a felony. Accused of willfully, unlawfully, and with malice aforethought, murdering Kevin Neyers, a human being. I understand that there is a change of plea and a negotiated disposition. Is that correct? - Yes, Your Honor. - Correct. He took a deal? Mrs. Lopez, will you please state the terms of the proposed sentence? Voluntary manslaughter in accordance with CPC sections 192(A) and 193(A). Mr. Groff, do you concur with the terms of the plea as stated? Yes, Your Honor. Mr. Walton, do you understand what these attorneys have said? Yes, ma'am. Is that what you're prepared to do? Yes, ma'am. I shot him. - [Spectators murmur] - Order! Amend the record. I don't need you guys. You can jet. Mr. Walton, one thing at a time, please. Before I take your plea and sentence you, you must give up certain constitutional... You still think we got the wrong guy? And statutory rights before this court, including the right to a jury trial. Do you understand? Yes, ma'am. The carbon-molecule lenses are pretty crazy. They make the rendering so fluid. Yeah? Don't tell me. Show me. Freaky. Good freaky? [Chuckle] Oh, yeah. Freaky is good. Ivana, the bay should be darker. This is San Fran, not the Caribbean. Ali, color-correct the water for me. Try value at 3+, chroma at l2, and a hue at pl. You forgot the bridge. John: Oops, sorry. Cool! Let me see my avatar again. You look like Abraham, staring down from the mountaintop. Good. That's exactly what we're selling. [Chuckling] In my world, you get to play God. The 3-axis gyroscope makes the proximity modules just pop. I know. Google's going to shit their pants. [Chuckling] Yeah. - Erich, time to go. - Okay. Good work, everyone. Homicide wants to talk to you about Cindy. I told them you were not available. Why? I've got nothing to hide. SFPD has a huge hard-on for you. They're fishing and you're... I'm a big fish in a small pond, yeah, I know. More like a whale in a puddle. It's time to zip lips and lawyer up. David, I... No, no, you need a criminal attorney. I set up a meeting with Warren Daniels. Warren Daniels? You're overreacting. My mama always told me, "hope for the best, but prepare for the worst." Who's doing the intro, again? Larry Zimmerman from Nasdaq. Right. What am I supposed to say? Just thank the troops, thank the investors, "God bless America," short and sweet, and let's get out of here. Your visionary, your founder, your leader, Erich Blunt! [Cheering] Thank you. Hello, San Francisco! [Cheering] Hello, nation! - [Whistling] - Are you ready?! Let's go! [Bell ringing] Whoo! Thank you! What did Blunt's lawyer say? Verbatim? That he likes Sushi, but hates fishing expeditions. No dice. This is Cindy Strauss's ex-husband? Estranged, yeah. Mark Strauss. Pretty decent résumé... Petty theft, public intoxication, assault, disorderly. It's your average angry Caucasian. She filed a domestic-violence charge against him, dropped it, and then took out a restraining order. Which he regularly broke. His pickup truck was spotted at her complex the night before she was killed. According to Burnside, it was the same night she got that bruise on her cheek. So why isn't he in custody? We're working on it. We checked his phone... Home, office... But he's laying low, off the grid. That's a letter from his health insurance, outlining his prescription drug coverage. I'm assuming this just fell out of his mailbox when you were at his apartment. Yeah, it was weird. Lucky, I guess. He gets it filled at this pharmacy in Chinatown once a month, religiously. He's eligible for a refill on the 20th. That's tomorrow. Yeah. What's he on? 60 milligrams of Adderall. A day. Is that a lot? Not if you're planning on walking to St. Louis. Terry? Two o'clock. Front door. 10 seconds. Navarro, flank left. Molky, center field. Look alive, y'all. Hey, um, sorry, do you have the time, by any chance? Yeah. 10:15. Thanks. Damn, you're a dime, baby. What's your name? My name's SFPD, baby. Hey! Stop! Hey! I didn't do nothing! Then why were you running? You got him, Molky? [Groaning] Mulligan: All right. Hey, I'm bleeding! Police brutality! - Yeah, yeah. Come on. - I need those. You've embarrassed yourself enough already. Let's go. You know what you are, Mark? You're a day off. You're a walk in the park. Your truck was spotted right outside her house the night before she was killed. All the neighbors heard you arguing like dogs. And then, the history that you have with this woman. Excuse me, your wife. Two counts of domestic violence, multiple violations of her restraining order, and a slew of additional violent crimes on your record. I mean, damn, I might be able to get home tonight in time for the game. You got it all wrong. I got it all wrong? That's right. You better do better than that. Or you're going to end up lying on your back with a needle sticking out your arm. I didn't kill her, man! Alley-oop. Hi. Hi. You okay? Ahem, yeah. I didn't kill her. I swear, I didn't. Yeah, I was at her house the night before, but not the night that she was killed. All right? I mean, I got an alibi. I was at the pub all night. I promise. And, as for the night before, I mean, she called me, okay? All upset and shit, crying, because she had just gotten fired, begging me to come over. So I did. I went over there and there was nothing to it, you know? It was on the level. I didn't violate her order. She asked me for help. Sure enough, when I get there, she's all crazy-emotional, you know? Like I always told her she couldn't trust that asshole Blunt. You can't trust a man with soft hands. [Chuckles] Huh. But she was all wasted and belligerent and didn't like me calling her out on her bullshit, so she hauled up and slapped me across the face. And you hit her back. Self-defense, plain and simple. Right. It was an accident. It was heat of the moment. My emotions got the best of me. What about the next night, when she was killed? I was down at Joni's Tavern, by Candlestick You know, 3rd and Gilman. I was there all night. Ask the barman, the bouncer. There was half a dozen guys there who'll back me up. I am telling you i did not kill her. I loved her. She was my girl. Come on, Hildy, DNA. [Sniffle] You know what, mark? I actually believe you. You do? Yeah, I do. Thank God, 'cause it's the truth. Mmm. Ooh, that's good. Thank you. Yeah. Wait. Where are you going? I'm just the water girl. So... so what happens now?! Wait... Thanks. That guy's a few fries short of a happy meal, huh? He's not a killer, though. Well, we'll see. Molk, head down to Joni's Tavern and check out his alibi. There's got to be physical evidence... Credit card receipts, security cameras, all right? Navarro, take the sample to the lab. Tell them it jumps to the front of the line. Hey, um, did we do something wrong? No. I want you two focused on Blunt. Good job this morning. Get some rest. That was a first. Okay. Grab some dinner? I can't. I got a date. Hmm. Who's this week's lucky contestant? Stewart Hornady. I'm sorry, did you say "Stewart Horny"? Well, one can only hope, right? Excuse me? Relax. I'm not that easy. It was pretty sweet, but only in retrospect, because I was able to work my way out of it, you know. [Laughs] So what happened is I drilled down into these small startups, I found a trend, I took a bet, I took 50 grand and I turned it into 7 million. I did all of this by the time I was 27. But that, you know, that was just act one for Stewart Hornady. See I was massively over leveraged, having stockpiled all my money into this one company, Levitcorp. I went from plus 7 to minus 10 overnight. I owed $10 million. You have never lived until you owe the banks that kind of cheddar. I'm going to tell you something... No matter how much money I ever make, I will never feel richer than I did March 30, 2007, the day I got back to zero. [Bangs table] Whoo! [Laughs] That was a great story. Your profile says you work for the city. What do you do? Uh, I'm a cop. SFPD. Homicide inspector. Oh. Is that a problem? So do you like carry a gun? Always. Part of the job. Oh. Where is it? It's in my purse. Can I see it? Sure. If you commit a crime. Oh, hey! [Laughs] [Knocking] Yeah, come in. Hey. Hey. I just got an email from United. My flight's already delayed an hour. All right, that's cool. We'll stop and get some breakfast on the way to the airport. Back to reality, I guess. Yeah. I just miss her so much, Terry. Me too. I don't want to be alone. [Sob] [Sniffle, shudder] - Oh, hot dog. - Cheese dog. Yeah, U.S. Air Force. That's how they roll. [Cough] Oh! Ohh. She was a sweet gal. She really was. Were you two close? On a professional level. You get to know your crew very well in this business... All the time you spend together on the road, you know? But I maintain certain boundaries because, at the end of the day, they've got a serious job to perform and I'm the boss. Right. When was the last time you spoke with her? In person? When we got back from L.A. Sent me a text the following evening, about 9:00 P.M. When she didn't show up, I knew something was wrong. Was this the text that was sent? "Erich and I spoke. Everything's cool. See you tomorrow." Yeah, that's it. That's it. [Coughing] I really hope I don't get you guys sick. This bug is nasty. She said "everything's cool." What happened? They got into a scrape on the plane, coming from L.A. Erich was in a foul mood after his deposition and, apparently, Cindy was pouring him a glass of wine, we hit some turbulence over Fresno, and sh and, I mean, he went ape-shit. Screamed that she's an idiot, he tore off his shirt, threw it in her face, fired her. And so she came up to the front, crying, and I calmed her down. Were they sleeping together? Uh... I don't know. I really don't know. He, uh... If I had to guess, yes, but she never said anything to me about it. I got to get another tissue. Excuse me. Please. You know what? We can finish this when he's feeling better. That's a good idea, yeah. He needs his rest. - Thank you for the coffee. - Honey, is there any kleenex? Go ahead. We'll show ourselves out. That's fine. [Chime] [Repeatedly presses button] This is just an introduction, right? Right. He's aware of your situation. If nothing else, chalk it up to free advice from one of the best trial lawyers on the planet. The planet? That's a bit hyperbolic. Well, let me put it this way... Had Daniels been defending Jesus in front of Pontius Pilate, worst-case scenario, he would've gotten his charges knocked down from king of the Jews to disorderly conduct, with credit for time served in the lion's den, maybe some community service. Cheer up some blind orphans, counsel a couple whores, fill up all the soldiers' canteens with water and presto, vino, [chime] Jesus walks. You are so going to hell. Warren Daniels. Right. He thinks I should hire you. Straight to business. I like it. Tell me why I need your services. You guys asked for this meeting, not me. I'm not an expert, but I'm pretty sure hiring you will make it look like I have something to hide, which I don't. That's exactly why you should hire me. I'm not going to hide behind some lawyer. No disrespect, but I fully intend to cooperate with the police. How can they arrest me, when I had nothing to do with this girl's death? That's the second time you've said that. You don't believe me? What I believe doesn't matter. In a case like this, given your stature, the presumption is guilt, not innocence. Cindy was a good lady, an excellent flight attendant. He was banging her, just... Naturally. I cared about her. I want the killer brought to justice, as much as anyone. I'm not hiring a lawyer, Mr. Daniels. It's premature and it sends the wrong message. Sorry to waste your time. Call me, when you change your mind. Out of the blue? Yeah, yeah, he just called us from downstairs. That's his lawyer, David Hertzberg. What's their game? Well, let's go find out. [Scoff] What, no "hello, how you doing? Thanks for coming down"? Tactics. They're reading you. They're waiting for you to talk. They know you have something to say and, when you do say it, you'll naturally make eye contact with one of them. That's the one you trust. Based on that, they will know which roles to play in this little chess game. Please tell me he's full of shit. He is. But I got to say, that's actually pretty good-quality shit. And there it is. He trusts the woman. I am shocked. What can we do for you, Mr. Blunt? Honestly, I've been devastated by Cindy's death. She was a good employee, a friend. I hear you think it was a homicide. Yeah. Somebody snapped her neck and then threw her down a flight of stairs. What can I do to help? Were you romantically involved with Ms. Strauss at the time of her death? I'm sorry, that's fishing. 15 yards and loss of down. Yeah, we were seeing each other. I tried to keep it private, given that she worked for me. But I don't regret our relationship. She was a wonderful girl. When was the last time you saw her? On my plane, coming back from L.A. Anything happen on that flight? Anything out of the ordinary? Erich. We heard you had a fight. It was nothing. We heard it got physical. [Chuckle] That's ridiculous. Who told you that? Did you yell at her? Y-you don't have to answer this, Erich. I raised my voice, all right? I was upset. It was out of line. But it wasn't physical. Okay, we were told that you verbally assaulted her and threw a projectile in her face. Erich, they are not your pals. They are going to use everything you say in here against you. They'll twist it, they will build an entirely new narrative that has nothing to do with the truth. As your lawyer, I strongly advise you not to say another word. I didn't kill her, David. I have nothing to hide. If you're not interested in my counsel, then perhaps I should leave. Suit yourself. Okay. Mulligan: Ahem. [Door closes] [Scoff] Where were we? Ah, yes, the projectile, otherwise known as my t-shirt. She accidentally spilled wine on me and I tossed her my shirt to put in the laundry. As for raising my voice, I called her the next day to apologize. She was super cool about it. Total team player. What time did you call her to apologize? Around 7:00 P.M. I was on my way home from the office. She said she'd be there the next morning for our flight to New York. So where were you the night she was killed? I was at home. Ivana came over around 9:00 P.M. Ivana West, my CTO. We were working late. She was showing me one of the latest prototypes for one of our new products. And what time did she leave? Around 2:00 A.M.? She rode her bike over, so, I had Jimmy Salter drop her off home. He can confirm the exact timings. Did you have sex with Ivana that night? Excuse me? We're just trying to establish whether or not you sleep with all of your female employees, or if you thought Cindy was special. Cindy was definitely special. Excuse me. Chess, right? Good. Because I do trust you more. Then tell me about Cindy. Tell me about the sex. What is it you'd like to know? Did she like it rough? Did she like you to dominate her? You're kind of turning me on, Inspector. Did she like it when you choked her? Sorry. I don't kiss and tell. When was the last time you had sex with her? About a week ago, in L.A. Was that the trip that she spilled the wine on you? No, it wasn't. It was during the tech conference. I got everyone rooms at the chateau. She was with me in my bungalow all night. That was the same night that your father was murdered, right? If you say so. By the way, I heard you made an arrest in that case. Congratulations. You know, it's funny, all these people around you, just kind of dropping like flies. Do you really expect us to believe it's all just coincidence? It's just bad luck. I don't believe in luck. [Chuckle] Theoretically, neither do I. But I don't know how else to explain it. You could you killed her. [Scoff] Hertzberg was right. You see a guy like me, you don't see a human, you see a career opportunity, a way to get that promotion, maybe a book deal, a gig on cable TV. [Chuckle] You want to be famous? You want to give the people a circus? Go ahead, put your tophat on, charge me with murder. I'll give you a show. I will eviscerate your case, piece by piece. I will put this whole building on trial, from the D.A. to the doorman. I will embarrass you and I will win. Because I'm smarter than you and I have more capital at my disposal, more resources than this entire city. And I just happen to be innocent. Get a life. So Ivana West said she met Blunt at around 9:00 P.M. And was with him the entire night and then Jimmy Salter confirmed that he gave her a ride home at 2:00 A.M. So we've got nothing. Is that about right? Our best hope is finding a DNA match. For what, the paternity of the dead fetus? What's that going to get us, an angry dad? Possible motive. And there's also a more important, oh, yeah, we just zeroed in on this this morning. So apparently, at the time of death, the victim had a recent deposit of seminal fluid in her gingiva and epiglottis. In other words, she blew a guy. Yeah, correct, which is pretty much a smoking gun. I mean, heh, as it were. See, in order for the deposit to have been found, she couldn't have brushed her teeth or washed her mouth or had a drink, and even then the saliva would've naturally cleared the semen out after 15 minutes or 30 minutes... I mean, maybe 45, at an outer extreme. Unless she had defective salivary glands, but there's no evidence of that, so... Meaning he was in her apartment within 45 minutes of time of death. More like 15, realistically. All we need is a DNA match. The blowjob killer. Goddamn, the press is going to eat this up. Of the main suspects, you have DNA samples on all of them? All except for Blunt. All right. Well, go get it. Whatever it takes. Yes, ma'am. You know that girl down in parking? Which one was that, the blonde? Yeah, she's pretty wild. I thought she was straight. Oh, no, she's flexible. She's hot as shit. Ridiculous. She's like 21, though. [Ring] Nothing wrong with that. Mulligan. Um, yeah, no, yeah, I can do drinks. I know it, uh-huh. Sure. I'll meet you there. Sam Phillips: ♪ the extraction of pleasure ♪ ♪ is done with just a few words ♪ ♪ you could convert this to cash ♪ ♪ your eyes could take anyone ♪ - Hey. - Hi. What you doing? Not tonight, okay? I got to go. I want to learn. I know you do, but tonight is not the night. I'm going to teach you when you get a little bit older, all right? Mwah. Hey. Hey. Uh, sorry I'm late. I was having coffee with my sponsor and lost track of time. Louise, come on! Okay, okay, I'm packing my bag! Daddy! [Chuckle] Hey, there, Sugar Bear. Look at you. [Singsong] Look at you-o... All right, call me tonight before you go to bed, okay? She'll be fine. All right. Right? Bag. Got it. Have fun. Later, gator. Hasta la pasta. Love you, mom. Love you, too. Ugh! You look beautiful. Hey. I'm surprised you came. I was about to say the same thing to you. Listen, I'm sorry about the way I acted earlier. I lost my cool. I actually thought it was a pretty great speech. Thanks. So... Champagne. Thank you. Sir. Thanks. Cheers. I love this city. It's like a diamond... So many facets, beautiful from so many angles. The way the bay lurks at the end of every street. I was hoping you'd like this spot. I do. [Chuckle] Life really is strange. It's the strange parts that make it interesting, right? It's funny, you know so much about me, about my adoption and, well, everything. I don't know anything about you. What do you want to know? Where'd you grow up? Right here, in the city. - You never left? - Nope. What'd your parents do? Uh, my mom was a nurse and my dad was a cop. Huh. Brothers and sisters? Two brothers, both cops. One is an MP, military police, in Coronado, and the other one's in Vice. - Drugs and prostitutes? - Yeah, something like that. [Laughter] You haven't asked me a single question about the case tonight. I'm off-duty. So you can come back to my place? I can't. I, uh, I got to go pick up my daughter. - Daughter? - Louise. [Scoff] Don't tell me you're married. Not anymore, no. What happened? Life. You want to walk me to my car? Sure. [Laughter] I don't know what I expected this to be, but it was actually kind of fun. Yeah, I agree. You know, I had nothing to do with Cindy's death. All I know is, right now, I'm off-duty. [Both chuckle] I bet you're wearing a wire. Excuse me? I bet you're wearing a wire. Really? Uh-huh. Pat me down. Go on. Told you. Thanks for dinner. Sync & corrections by caioalbanezi www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 