Celebrity Big Brother: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Celebrity Big Brother 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Celebrity Big Brother (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 The game has kicked into full gear. Ryan and Jonathan battle against each other, one will become the first HoH and one will become the first nominee. Plus, who else will end up on the chopping block. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Julie: 12 celebrities cut off from the outside world. All on their own and out of their comfort zone in a battle for a quarter million dollars. Welcome to "celebrity big brother." ( Cheers and applause ) Previously on "celebrity big brother": Okay. 12 celebrities began the battle for a quarter of a million dollars. Hey, dude. Joey. Among them, the gold medal swimmer, the w.W.E. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Superstar, the comedian, the recording artist, the n.F.L. Legend, and The Mooch. Yay! Some howghts were star struck by their new celebrity roommates. You can crash with me, Joe, "thats fine. Its Joey Lawrence! Whoa! But Kandi and Tamar were less than thrilled to see each other. Weve had our good times and weve had our bad times. Am I excited to see her? Not really. Julie quickly unleashed the first twist of the night. Julie: Two of you will become "big brothers" first-ever celebrity power pair. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And one member of thaad winning pair will become the new H.O.H. Wow! I think im going to throw up. And the famous faces were forced to team up. Jonathan. Kandi. Ricky. Tom. Anthony. Anthony! But when kato and Natalie didnt get picked, they got an unexpected surprise. Julie: You will both be completely safe at the first eviction. With the head of household on the line, the power pairs went for a swing. Why cant I reach it? And Jonathan and Ryan lapped the competition. Julie: One of you will be the first H.O.H. Of "celebrity Big Brother." We did it! But before the champagne could be popped, Julie dropped a bomb. Julie: The two of you must now battle against each other. Oh! Julie: The winner will be the H.O.H. The loser will become the first nominee of the season. No! No! Julie: In jeopardy of being the first celebrity evicted from the "Big Brother," house. What! Wow! Tonight, Ryan and Jonathan go to battle, and the stakes could not be higher. Who will become the first head of household? And who will end up on the chopping block? Plus, with the game under way, alliances will begin to form. Its raining alliances, okay. All this right now on "Celebrity Big Brother." How are the grapes? - Captioning funded by CBS ( - cheers and applause ) Julie: Good evening. Im Julie chen moonves. Welcome to night two of the "Celebrity Big Brother" premiere event. Its been less than 24 hours since our 12 celebrities moved into the "Big Brother" house, and tonight, either Ryan or Jonathan will become the most powerful player in the game. Soon they will go head to head in an epic competition. The winner will become the first H.O.H. Of the season. The loser will automatically be placed on the chopping block. So who will grab all of the power? And who will be put in jeopardy of being the first celebrity sent packing? Well find out soon enough. But first, a victory has turned into a "Big Brother" blindside. What? ! No! No! You cant do that! This is, like, my worst nightmare coming true. Now I have to compete against Mr. Olympic gold medalist, Ryan Lochte. What? To keep me safe in the house. This is crazy. This is so screwed up. Boom! Mind blown. This is hard because I have to go head to head against my boy Jonathan. But its the game, and I want to win. I got to win. I gotta get that first H.O.H. I knew she was going to throw a doozy. I already knew. We at "Celebrity Big Brother." Expect the unexpected. Thats why they say it on purpose, all right? All our legs are going to be sore in the morning. I got news for you guys. Im so glad I didnt win. Theyre going to hit us hard and quick in "celebrity big brother." As it turns out, not winning the first competition was a good thing. Theres the new first, baby. Yeah, I guess we can change now, right? Are you going to take off the outfit? Oh, no, thats your clothing. I love ya! Heres what I think. Okay, so-- so theres 12 of us, right? Yeah. Aaron Sam use was trying to teach the olympic swimmer how to do math. Its going to do well. If you asked what my strategy was going into this game, I would have said Jonathan Bennett was going to go into the house and just have fun and float around. Ies guesswhat? Things change. Whoever loses the competition... Goes on the block. Goes on the block. And someone else goes on the block. Heres my idea,... in case I lose the H.O.H. Competition to Ryan and find myself on the block, the best way to stay safe is to have voting numbers on my side. There are 12 people in the house. So if I get seven people in an alliance, we control the vote, and im golden. Tamar and Dina. I think we bring in Natalie and Lolo. Thats seven. Which means even if were on the block, we are all in an alliance so whoever is put up who is on the outside will get voted off. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. So we have numbers if thats what we have. Always, always, always. So im feeling great about whats happening right now because im kind of the brains behind it. Ryans going to be the brawn behind it. And figet seven people in an alliance, weve got this on Lochte, Ryan Lochte. Ill talk to the girls. All right. And then we can go ride or die. Whoever. I think building the alliance with Jonathan is perfect. Hes so likable that he can attract more people. And thats what we need. Hi. Hi! Have a seat. I never would have saw that coming. Everybody got blindsided. Like, this was not supposed to happen, like-- yeah. Either me and Ryan are picking who goes on the block, one of us is. Yeah. So-- no ones safe. But we could be. We need to get something going, kids. Yeah. And the only thing would be to form an alliance. Yeah. Yeah. What if we aligned with Ryan, Natalie, Joey, Kandi, you two. What if we aligned with Ryan, Natalie, Joey, Kandi, you two. Because thats kind of whos just gravitating towards each other. Yeah. An alliance full of all these superhere these fell in my lap! But, Kandi, we have not the best history together, and so I just feel like she automatically going to gun for me. So I said to myself, "self, you better invite her to the supergroup." We better get something going. Yeah. We look out for each other. Tamar and I have a rocky past, but, honestly, im just trying to be safe for the first week. So if this is whats gog help me stay and pass through the first eviction, then, hey, lets align. Lets align. Which one is the gym? I cant remember the gym. Hold on. This is the-- thats the gym. Go straight. Is it? Yeah, so Jonathan pitches this big seven-person alliance. Its a good group. Its got a little bit of everything. Nice. See, this is good enough, you know? I knew Natalie would be on board because were on the same wave length. You ever meet somebody in your life and youre just like, yeah. We could start over here and you could do your pull-ups. I do pull-ups. So I go up to Joe. I wanted to feel him out. I thought he would be a great save the to the team. Are you going to work out? No we were just-- I was asking him to show me this machine. Im trying to really stay in shape. Me, too. I aint trying-- we are. Hard core, im not playing the game. It got real. Real fast. I just thought, like, wed get to know everybody and-- I mean, theyre already playing. Honestly-- somebodys going to go on the block. When people go on the block thats just when it-- nobody talked to you yet? >> nobody has talked to me yet. For real, nobody has talked to me. Im not playing yet. Alliance, bang! I hate that word. I am about to spill this beautiful plan, and I cant even get it out before he completely shuts me down. Its like, getting up your nerve to ask a guy if he wants to go out, and then its like, he either tells you hes already in a relationship or hes gay. Youre going to do this whole show without an alliance? Good luck. Yeah, no, I hate that word in this house. If I hear "alliance," oh, my god. I mean, if I had to, maybe, but gee whiz, that would be the last thing I would choose to do, you know. Uhm, small problem. Whats the problem? Joey doesnt believe in alliances. What? Joey told me and Tamar he doesnt believe in alliances. Okay, then hes out. If youre not going to believe in them, we cant do them. Whoa! Does he know what game hes playing? So we lost Joey Lawrence, but I think were still good with our numbers because we have six people. But the only way to really guarantee my safety is for me to win this competition. We cant have everybody! You know how cool its going to be the next Olympics when were watching these guys. Its going to be bad ass. It will be cool. Backyard. Its open. Lochte. Were going swimming. Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Im training for a 2020 Olympics, and outside in the backyard of the "Big Brother" house is an endless pool. I am psyched! This is amazing. My training will never stop. U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.! Ryan Lochte is going to go in a pool. Were like, were in! Popcorn! Popcorn. Nice shorts. Do they come in mens, too. Oooooh! Dude, so crazy cool, dude. He really is a good swimmer, isnt he? Its like if you were hanging out with Wayne gretzky and you decided to play a little hockey. How about a little hockey demonstration. Sure, Ryan can swim, but can he swim with the sharks, like I did in Washington? Hes the fastest underwater swimmer in the world. Like, no one can beat him under water. Think about that. Fastest swimmer in the world, and weve got a front-row seat. Im awestruck at not only his gracefulness, but just the way he flips his arm and pulls it in. Hes just-- he really is a mermaid. Merman, I guess? Merman. Lets do a play-by-play. Lochte in the front. And weve got klingon from Tokyo in the back. Australian swimmer. And coming up. Ryan Lochte is in the front. Hes got 200 meters left. Its Ryan Lochte! Hes going backwards! He is a winner! Have you done anything like this before? No, never, ever in my life. This is, like, its out of my comfort zone. The only thing that got close to this that ive done is with Mr. Trump there. Do you think youll go work for him again? I mean, if im being totally objective, theres no chance I would get invited back because im not really a politician. Hes surrounded by politicians. Hes surrounded by Washington operatives. So they really dont want people from his neck of the woods around him. I love Anthony. He is savvy, intelligent, and we have something in common that very few people can say: We were both fired by the president. And in similar fashion. He was surrounded by a cast of dark forces, like Steve bannon and Sean spicer. And in my case, I had a shadowy cast of characters as well, like Chloe Kardashian, and Andrew dice Clay. Arent they draining the swamp, though? I think the swamp may not have a drain. An undrainable swamp? Is there going to be a big crash, or are we talking about kind of I? I dont think so. The strength of the economy is very good. So the government is actually holding things back and making it worse on people, you know. We shut down the government or we have this kind of, like-- I wonder if its still shut down. We dont even know whats going on. You have this acrimony between the parties. You cant go anything done. Yeah. Maybe theyve resolved everything since we got in here. Yeah, exactly, the whole world. Maybe its all resolved. Im Canadian. This is not my problem. So Joey told me and Tamar he doesnt be in alliances. Stop it. Yeah, hes like, "I dont believe in alliances. I dont even like the word alliances." Stop it. That sets the tone. I like the four of us. Yabsolutely! I like the four of us for sure. For sure. For sure. While bigger alliances are great when you start the game, those alliances crumble. So it doesnt hurt to secure your spot for the final four with three of the fiercest athletes in the entire house. For sure. We need to save our boys. Because you know why? Because Ryans a beast on the physical stuff. 100%. John is going to be a beast-- on memory. Absolutely! A beast. Thats what we do whatever we have to do to save them this week. I absolutely love, like, love my final four with Lolo, Ryan, and Jonathan. We kind of have to see what happens, but we need to do whatever weve got to do, make it all the way. Oh, yeah. But you guys know, "big brother, " you got to have a ride or die. And my ride or die is Lolo. Im down for it. Listen. Weve got to figure out really what the hell were doing for real. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, so then-- I know, I was like hell no, thank you. Whats going on? I was just saying... before you walked in, the four of us will never stab each other in the back. Were going to be the girls who never (bleep) Each other. It never works! It takes one group to change. Right. Exactly. Even though im in this, you know, bigger alliance, having a four-girl alliance is, like, the best decision ever. Its like, ill take that alliance. Ill take that one, too. That looks good, too. Ill take both of these! Like its coming from everywhere. Its raining alliances, okay. What are we going to call ourselves? The four horsemen. No, we cant be doing that. Oh, my god. Well be the four tops. Oh, yes. Bam. This new alliance is great and all. However, me and Lolo are already in an alliance with Jonathan and Ryan. So Lolo and I, we should be safe. And im going to kind of play both sides at the moment. My ankles! But this is "Big Brother," so when the time comes and your girl has to drop somebody out of this ring, im going to do it. Bye! Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." Its now time to crown the first head of household of the season. Lets head to the backyard and get things started. Hello, howghts. Hi, Julie! Hi! Julie: Well, Ryan and Jonathan, because the two of you won the power pair competition, you are the only two eligible to compete. This competition is called "bloc busters." And heres how it works: In front of you are the billboards for the blockbuster movie "the nominee." But this is one movie you do not want to be starring in. On my "go," you must fly across the yard to your billboards in an attempt to knock them down. The celebrity to completely knock down both billboards will be the H.O.H. The loser will be starring in the movie "the nominee, " which means you will immediately be put up on the chopping block. Do you both understand? Yeah, unfortunately, yes. My hearts beating kind of fast. I have to win this first H.O.H. Competition so I can secure my safety. Im going to have to go full Tarzan mode. Ooooh! Ive got sweaty palms. Thats my drag name. Im feeling pretty good about my alliance right now because I feel like its strong. However, because its "big brother" I cant count on any of these celebrities to keep me safe so I have to win this so I can secure my own safety in the game. Julie: All right, get on your Mark, get set, go! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! So to win this competition, I have to zip down a zipline, and knock down my billboards before Ryan Lochte, the person that has dedicated his whole life to doing things faster than everyone else. In a swimming pool I swim up and down and follow a black line. Here, im swinging down, running over obstacles, climbing up a wall. I dont have my straight line to follow. Ive got to get focused. Ive got to get lochted and loaded. Whoa! Jonathan, hurry up! Get to kicking! Come on! ( Cheers ) The way Ryan is knocking down that wall, the president should be worried. Boom! I nearly took out both billboards. Now I only have a few blocks left, and im crushing Jonathan. This is mine! How did you do that? Jonathan, youre still in it! Jonathan, get your ass up. Son of a bitch. Good job, Jonathan. Good job. Watching Jonathan soar through the air makes me think of the movie "mean girls," because he never stops talking about how he was in the movie "mean girls." Yeah! Yeah! My heart is beating so fast for Jonathan against an olympic champion. Its pretty insane. Its pretty insane. Whoa! ( Cheers ) Julie: And Ryan has cleared his first billboard. Ryan Lochte already has one billboard completely knocked down, and most of his second one. Ive got to start knocking down these blocks or im going to end Julie: Only two more blocks to go for Ryan. These are going to be brutal. Right now I have one billboard down, and this is getting so difficult. I have to find the exact angle to where it perfectly sets me up to where I knock down these last couple bricks. Lets go, Jonathan! Come on, Jonathan! Im really nervous for Jonathan. Hes like an extended child of mine, so it will crush Jonathan if hes on the block day one. Lets go, Johnny! Yeah! Yeah! Good job! News flash: Jonathan Bennett hits the billboard! All of a sudden, the heavens open up and I knock a whole bunch of blocks down. And im looking over at Ryan, and hes still got two blocks left. And hes not even coming close! This is my chance to win! ( Cheers ) Ah! Julie: So close, Ryan! Should I go out? Go out and in. You got it! You got it! Out, in, and go out again, out again. Julie: Jonathan cleared his first billboard. This is still anyones game right now. So I have basically caught up to Ryan Lochte, and I could actually win this. Come on! Ryan, you gotta go for it. Youve got to speed up. Do you need to step up your workouts? Youre looking a little gassed. I didnt win 12 olympic medals to lose this competition to Jonathan that hosts cupcake shows! Oh! Julie: One block to go for Ryan. Oh! You gotta! ( Bell rings ). Julie: And Ryan knocks down his final block. Congratulations, Ryan, you are the first H.O.H. Of the season! Aarrgghh! Oh! Good job, guys! Wooo! In the "Celebrity Big Brother" house, this is the gold medal. I get to have my own room. I dont even get that in the olympic village. I didnt want to have to get this much blood on my hands, but I cant help it. Im a strong competitor. Julie: Jonathan, im sorry, but you are now automatically nominated for eviction. But everyone, listen closely: Ryan, as H.O.H., part of your responsibility is to nominate two houseguests for eviction. And this twist doesnt change any of that. You will still choose two nominees to sit next to Jonathan on the chopping block, making a total of three nominees. What! Oh, hell no! Julie: And youll be naming those nominees in 30 minutes. Okay, bye. Oh... Now that we know its going to be three nominees, I personally just hope and pray that Ryan does not pick me. I havent talked with Ryan. Tamar has. But we aint tight like that where I can just take her word that im safe. Julie: Ill be back shortly for your decision. Let the games begin! Julie bot does it again and she twists up the story, and Ryan now has to make two more nominations. Im worried I could be one of those nominations because Ryan is a stone-cold killer, and it would be very smart for him to take me out. Oh, my god! Three nominees? What are you going to do next, take my right nut? Oh, wait, they did that already. That was a little harder than I thought it was going to be. That was way harder. Im on the block and I have to act fast because I have to figure out what two people need to be next to me so I can stay safe this week. Oh, god. Hey, hey. So im going to put up Deanna. Dina. Dina. Im going to put up Dina and... Excuse me, guys. Come on in. I just want to toss my joct. Come on in. The problem is, my groin hurts. No, my hands hurt. Hi, Tom! Bye, Tom! This is intense. Just like camping. Good stuff, guys. Diana. Dina? If you want. I mean-- what do you think? Hey, guys, my names kato. Good to meet you. Hey, I love your place. Congratulations, Ryan. Thank you. Apparently, I cant even get five seconds to talk to my buddy about whats going to happen this week. Im just going to have to figure this out later. I know it aint going to be me because ra-ra like my little brother, and, you know, were all in an alliance. Duuh! You havent thought about any strategy at all? I mean, a little. Okay. I know what im doing. So what are your thoughts? I cant say. Oh, gosh! Not even an inkling of sharing? Help me understand here. If you are supposed to be in an alliance with someone, yet they dont tell you what theyre thinking, does that feel like an alliance to you? The shade is real, okay? All right, so if im him, hes arguably the most athletic person here, right? Right. I would take out the other athletes. That leaves you and me out of it, I hope. We have short little arms. Thomas, youre a pretty good athlete. Im a horrible athlete. You dont have to convince me, brother. Im just giving you the heads up. Im taking the nerd strategy in dodge ball. You know what the nerd strategy is in dodge ball? Dodge the ball? You hang out in the back, you let the jocks kill each other. Then you run up at the last minute and you hit the last jock. Im just lettingun. Just giving you the heads-up. But, I mean, explain to me how an arb liance works in your mind. Whats an alliance to you? The three of us team up and we say what? Im not going to knock you guys out. Not going to knock you out. If anybody wins head of household, they dont put them on the block. Im kind of in shock. Im like this is really happening. They want to make a deal with me. And im thinking why not make a deal with both of them so I think its a really great political move, for me. All right k-train. I got your back. Whats going on here? Im hanging out in the kitsch with kato kaelin and The Mooch discussing the possibility of an alliance? These two guys have been associated with two of the most controversial people in American history, and now theyre talking about associating with me? That might make sense, actually. I got you guys, all right? Julie: Welcome back to the "Celebrity Big Brother" two-night premiere event. Just moments ago, Ryan became the first head of household of "Celebrity Big Brother." In the process, Jonathan became the first nominee. Soon, Ryan will have to nominate two celebrities to join Jonathan on the chopping block. Lets see how hes handling the pressure. What are you thinking? Dina. And who else? I think Dina and Anthony. Im right there with you. Theres no blood on your hands at all. Yeah. Anthony and Dina. Cool with me. Theyre, like, the two oldest people in the house. If one of them go out, or both of them go out, nobodys in the house thats mad. And when they say why did I pick them im like...? The group kind of comes together. We have the two names, Dina and Anthony. The alliance is secure. Lets go. Lets roll with these two names. Come on in, Candace. How did it get to be Candace. Dina. Ryan is being a little shady towards me. Because if you can silent other girls what youre thinking, who youre planning to put up, but when I asked you, you were kind of evasive about it. It makes me feel like when this alliance gets down to the alliance itself, then I will be the first one to go. So I need to be talking to everybody. You got this. No, youre not. Oh, no, trust me. You dont know me. Hey. No matter what, like, me... Uh-huh. Will always be-- always. Yes. 100%. So im looking out for you. So, like, you tell me what you want. Everyone is great in the house. The thing is, everyone is great. Dina? And Anthony. I dont think either one of them is going to change our game play. You could save Dina for another week. Yeah. It doesnt feel good for me to have Ryan nominate Dina because ive known her for a long time. Shes been like a second mom to me when I was in my early 20s and I have to try to keep her safe as long as possible. Plus, Lindsay will kill me. Or who else? Or Tom? If you put Tom and Anthony up, then that leaves Dina to go up another week. It gets you farther. You know what I mean? Should I? I dont know. Thats up to you. Oh, come on. Why you doing this to me? Because I cant-- I cant-- bro! Bro, come on. Help me. I just-- honestly, I have no idea who im going to put up. Julie says with great power comes great responsibility. And I totally understand what she was talking about. Im just going to wing it when I get up there. Julie: Up next, its the first nomination ceremony of the season. Which two celebrities will join Jonathan on the chopping block? Find out next. Stay with us. ( Cheers and applause ) Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." Its now time for the celebrities first nomination ceremony. Whose game will be put in jeopardy? Lets head to the living room for Ryans big decision. Houseguests, I need everyone to gather in the living room right now because it is time for the nomination ceremony to begin. Well, houseguests, hows everyone doing right now? Amazing. On fire! On fire. Julie, this is more stressful than the White House. ( Laughter ). In the White House youre, like, eliminating people that you cant stand. But here you have to eliminate people you like. It is more stressful, Julie. Just contingent you. Julie: Well played. Well played, Anthony. Well, Ryan, as head of household, it is now time for you to face your housemates and nominate two houseguests to sit next to Jonathan on the chopping block. As a reminder, kato and Natalie Eva Marie, are safe and cannot be nominated because they sat out of the first competition. Okay, Ryan, please go ahead and make your first nomination. I dont really like this, by the way. Um, my first nomination... Would be... Anthony. All right. All right, Jonathan. Julie: Okay, go ahead and make your second nomination. My second one is gonna be... Tom. Oooh! Okay. No hard feelings. I love you guys. Julie: So, Tom, Jonathan, Anthony, the three of you are now in jeopardy of being the first houseguest evicted from the "Celebrity Big Brother" house. Good night, houseguests. No hard feelings, bro. No hard feelings. I get it, baby. No hard feelings. So I come into the house, were making champagne toasts and getting along with each other and then, boom! Im on the block. Im an entrepreneur. I survived the financial crisis. And I even survived the D.C. Swamp. So ive got to figure out a way to adapt and pivot to last at least 12 days in this house. Its hard core. That hurt me. Im caught off guard because he didnt tell us thats who he was gonna choose. But I think that Jonathan gave Ryan a little... dont pick my girl Dina. Eh! Pick somebody else. And so he just said, "go ahead on up here, Tom." Come here. Welcome to the block, bro. Im Jenny from the block. This is my block. Welcome to it. So Ryan took my advice and kept Dina off the block which is amazing. It shows Ryan listened to me and he is money in this house I can totally trust 100%. Im freaking out right now. I really came in here thinking I was going to fly under the radar for the first week. And im instantly not under the radar. My whole strategy is a little discombobalated. But im in it to win. Im still in it to win. Im not giving up! Im not giving up! Clearly, im a threat athletically. Im an athletic threat. Julie: So, Tom, Jonathan, and Anthony have been nominated for eviction. Tune in tomorrow when they all battle in the power of veto competition for a chance to save themselves. Then on Friday, its the live vote and eviction. Who will be the first celebrity sent home? And the feeds go live tonight. see the celebrities unfiltered and live 24 hours a day. And dont mis"Big Brother after dark" tonight and every night only on pop. For now, lets eavesdrop on the houseguests. From outside the "Big Brother" house, im Julie chen moonves. Good night. ( Cheers and applause ) Its got another bathroom. Lets see the room. Before im blowing out of here, im taking a dump in your apartment upstairs, all right? I thought we were going to put her up instead of Tom. Where did Tom come from? I dont know, but we could have put her up and backdoored Tom. We can backdoor Tom? Not now. Captioning funded by CBS captioned by media access group 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 