Celebrity Big Brother: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Celebrity Big Brother 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Celebrity Big Brother (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Captioning funded by CBS Julie: Tonight, our for us celebrity will be evicted live. But the next big twist of the season is about to turn this game upside down. Welcome to "celebrity big brother"! ( Cheers and applause ) Previously on "celebrity big brother": Whoa! With Ryan as the first head of household, Tom, Jonathan, and Anthony found themselveses on the block. No hard feelings, bro. No hard feelings. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I get tbaby. Ryan and Jonathan formed a super alliance with Lolo, Tamar, Natalie, and Kandi. What if we aligned. Yeah. An alliance full of all these super heroes that fell in my lap! While Tom, Mooch, and kato were forming an alliance of their own. Up for that. I got your back. They want to make a deal with me, and I figure why not make a deal with both of them. With the game in full swing, Kandi and Tamar tried to squash 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 an old beef. Tamar and I have a long history with each other. But I thought we were good. But they only added fuel to their fiery feud. I'm trying to tell you how I feel and youre laughing. I cant do the laughing. Meanwhile, Lolo became jealous of Ryan and jonathans bromance. I see Ryan and Jonathan hanging out all the time now, and its making me insecure, and, also, I'm jealous. Like, thats my homey. And her emotions got best of her. Like, what is up with Lolo? Calling us out, flicking us off. That is not team U.S.A., ill tell you that much. At the veto competition... Ricky galloped his way to victory. Congratulations, Ricky. You have won the golden power of veto. With the veto meeting looming, Ryan pitched Ricky on a backdoor plan. So youre thinking if I did use the veto, youd probably put one of the girls up? Like Lolo. That is interesting. But Ricky immediately spilled the beans to Lolo. He thinks you girls formed an alliance, and they want to use the veto and then put you up. Me? Which helped unite the women against Ryan and Jonathan. Okay, so me and Kandi hugged, because honey, let me just be honest with you-- theres bigger fish to fry, okay. We gotta make sure Lolo stays off the block and dont get backdoored. At the veto meeting, the running back stopped the backdoor. Ive decided... Not to use the power of veto. Tonight, the first celebrity of the season will be sent packing. Plus, a shocking twist is unleashed on the house, sending another celebrity home. What! No! When the dust settles, which famous faces will be left standing? Who! Who! Find out live on "celebrity Big Brother"! Its a Mooch-tastic situation for me. ( Cheers and applause ) It. Julie: Good evening. I'm Julie chen moonves. Welcome to "celebrity big brother." Its day 10 inside the "big brother" house. Thats 10 days of drama, laughter, and tears. Alliances have formed. Alliances have crumbled. And tonight, the first celebrity will be evicted. However, a twist is about to be unleashed that will send one houseguest of t out of the game before the live voting even begins. But first, ill just say this: Nothing is as it seems. ( Applause ) The plot thickens. I'm still on the block. This is not a good feeling. I dont want to say I'm panicking, but I'm definitely looking around in the room trying to figure out whos on whose side. Are people conspiring against me? Am I being paranoid? Am I being paranoid? Yeah, I'm being paranoid. I'm so relieved that Rick denot use his power of veto, but ive got to figure out what the heck is going on. I'm so confused. I dont know who to trust in this house. When is the vote? Does anybody know when were voting? Aiatheres a vote at some point, right? At some point. I'm still on the block, but throughout my career I have been a cat thats always been able to figure out how to land on my feet. The problem is I'm running out of these lives, but I think ive got one more for this week that I'm gog use thats going to surprise everybody. So, during the veto thing, say this is the couch I was on, right. I was like this. Once Ricky said, "I'm not going to use the power of veto," I looked in the mirror, and I see tay-tay go like this, and then Natalie goes... Oh! Wow! Do you think theyre coming after me? I think-- I think-- I dont know. Thats the thing. This is not "oh, I wish John thafns taken off the block. Oh." That is, "yes, were winning!" If its true the girls are working together outside of our main alliance... thats not good. Let me go out first. Hey! I need everyone to the living room. Oh, Ryan. Uh-oh. Houseguests, as you know, there are twists and turns throughout the season. And as the game has already proven, anything can happen at any time in the "celebrity big brother" house. So stay on your toes because throughout the season, well be surprised by breaking celebrity news, alerts that will be broadcast into the house and will twist up the "Big Brother" game like never before. Oooohelp. Turn the pot. I'm on the block. Anything is better than this. Please, give me a twist. I like twists. Come on, baby! Lets do the twist. Woooo! Bobsled, we would wake up at, like, 5:00 A.M. in the morning and not get done until, like, 10:00. The celebrity update! Its breaking news! Hey! ♪ ♪ automatically, I know its celebrity news. Whats going on? Somethings happening. Wait, wheres Anthony? Is he in the diary room. Ooh! Whats up, everybody. "Celebrity Big Brother" is in full swing, but my sources tell me something crazy is about to go down. Apparently, one celebrity is not a real houseguest and is actually part of a huge twist that will shake up the game. So who is this mystery houseguest and what crazy twist will be unleashed? Wait, one second. Okay, okay. Wait a minute. I'm being told the mystery houseguest is about to reveal their identity right now. Who! What? Who! Who! Hello, guys, surprise! What! I'm actually not a "big brother" houseguest. But I'm part of a "Big Brother" twist. And just like I left my Mark in Washington, I'm going to leave my Mark on the "Big Brother" game. First off, from this moment on, I'm out of the house. No! That means youre all one step closer to the quarter-million-dollar prize. You know the "Big Brother" house? Its just like my experience in Washington. You get judged quickly, before people really know who you are, and you never get a second chance. Well, thats about to change because I'm giving the current nominees a seconds chance at safety. For the first time ever, there will be two veto competitions prior to the eviction. I knew it! Oh, my god! I knew it! Oh, my god! Thats right, Jonathan and Tom, you both have a chance to rewrite your "Big Brother" history by winning moochs veto. Oh, my god! Mooch! So now, Ryan, since I'm out of the house, theres an open spot on the chopping block. Oh! So, unfortunately, you must nominate another houseguest for eviction. Aaahhh! So please stand in front of your housemates and make that nomination now. Now? No! Oh, I dont got time to, like, think about this? Uhm... wow. I think I'm going to have a stroke. I'm literally shaking. I nominate... Kandi. Oh, my god. Oooh! I'm sorry. I dont want to do it, but I'm notinating you just because me and you, like, our-- like, our personalities dont really mesh. What did I say to you? I havent really, like, talked to you much. So I'm sorry. I'm choosing you. Wow. Welcome to the club, Kandi. Come on over. Is anybody else happy that Kandi is on the block? Oh, no. I'm happy. I knew this was going to happen. I put Kandi up because shes part of the drama thats going on. And I still have a chance to put up whoever I want, depending on what happens with the veto. I am confused about Ryans decision. I'm not sure why he put me on the block. I guess theres no alliance for me and Ryan. Ryan, the three nominees, and two randomly chosen housemates will compete in moochs veto comp. And this competition is about my favorite thing: Me. So I hope youve been paying attention oh! Oh! Oh, my god! Dont try to hug me now. You say we aint bonded yet, so lets not bond. I miss The Mooch already, man. I'm sad we didnt get a chance to say goodbye. I hope Mooch is there so I can tell him to his face. The Mooch! So, say someone wins the veto, and they take one of you guys off. That means I have to put someone else on. You have to make that decision. I'm going for Lolo. I mean, after what she did to you, thats understandable. It hasnt sat right with me since Lolo flicked us off. Look at the final two. And I think shes formed an alliance with her, Natalie, and Tamar. And my explanation is, like, if youre going to, seriously, just be mad at me the rest of this time here, this is a game. Dont be a little baby. Julie: Up next, its the second veto competition of the week. Who will win it? And will it be used to change the nominations? Then its the live vote and eviction. Who will be the first celebrity to be sent packing? Stay with us. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Cheers and applause ). Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." For the first time in the game, a twist has given everyone on the block a chance to save themselves with a second veto, moochs veto. Now, Ryan, Jonathan Tom, and Kandi, along can kato and Dina, who were chosen to play by random drawrk will battle it out for the chance to change the nominations or keep them in place. I love it! Welcome to my press room. You are surrounded by headlines about me ( siren ) Some are real news, and some are fake news. The first houseguest to correctly answer the number of true headlines will win moochs veto. Good luck. ( Horn blows ) Now Mooch is gone and now I'm on the block. So now my survival in the house depends on if I can remember all the things that Mooch said or did while he was in the house that are now headlines. I'm seeing headline after headline. "Scooper lasting 954,000 minutes in the White House." That one is true. Scaramucci says "Mooch tastic." Boom, that one is true. Its a Mooch tastic situation for me. Me. The Mooch says the golden veto medallion looks like a Trump toilet seat. The thing that looks like a Trump toilet seat from Trump tower? While he was in the house I noticed Mooch would say little kind of weird things. I thought maybe he was trying to be funny. I thought he was trying to take my job as a comedian and be funny. I see, wheefs planting seeds for the veto competition. I got it. Real funny, Mooch, real funny! I really want to win this veto. I really want to save Tom. You know, I like Tom. I see the last houseguest to be picked in a power pair. I remember that because, I witnessed it. Anthony. Anthony! Strong island, strong island. I see Mooch enters the "big brother" house in the last move-in group, request and I know thats true because he was in my group. ( Cheers ). Whoa! ( Bell rings ). And I see Mooch says "this is more stressful than the white house." That is definitely true. Julie, this is more stressful than the White House. ( Bell rings ). The knew The Mooch pretty well, and I have a really good memory, so I'm pretty sure I know which of the headlines are true, and since I want to have the best chance at winning, I gotta get out of here and be the first answer. I think there are nine true headlines. I'm so aware of fake news, its happened to my family. So I'm really confident that I have the right answer. There are seven true headlines in the press room. "Scaramucci gives a toast to lots of laughs." I dont really remember that for sure, but it sounds like something he would say so I'm going to say sure. Guys, heres to new friendships and best of all, lots of laughs. I think I know the answer. Time for me to lock it in. I believe there are seven true headlines in the press room. I really dont know much about Anthony. I know he worked for Donald Trump, right? Yeah. "Mans best friend ) ( Dog barking ). I mean, I think thats true. You know that saying, "dogs best friend"-- I mean, what is it? I'm just going to lock in and guess. I believe that there are seven true answers in the press room. Oh, my god. It is so important that I win because right now, its hard for me to trust anyone. I believe there are six true headlines in the press room. 5... 6. I'm the last one in there and everybody has taken a guess already, so my strategy is take your time in the room. You gotta get this right. So I'm pretty confident in my number. God, I gotta win this. I believe there are eight true headlines in the press room. All right, everyone. Its time to reveal who won moochs veto. Inside the stand is a newspaper that will reveal the winner. I need someone to please do the honors. "Moochs veto winner with eight correct headlines is... Kato!" kato wins the veto! Kato win the veto. Kato win the veto. Ic.>> kato, it is my honor to pronounce you veto winner. I love it! Ow. Thank you, "Big Brother." And now I have the power to hypnotize the other players. You will never vote kato off. You will never vote kato off. If kato uses his veto, theres a pretty big chance that I will be backdoored and I will be on the block and could be going home, the first one to go home. Like, when the hell is this reign of Ryans terror going to be over? I want to give a shoutout to my roommates. Didnt realize that was coming, did you? We love you, Mooch! Bye, Mooch! I met some great friends. We had way more in common than what actually separated us. And I think thats a big lesson for everybody. Julie: So, kato win the vete pope but will he pull Tom off the block? And if so, who will go up in his place? Well find out shortly. Then its the first live eviction of "celebrity big brother." Stay with us. ( Cheers and applause ) Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." Kato seems dead set on using the veto, which will leave Ryan the difficult task of putting yet another celebrity on the block. I'm so glad you won, man. I'm saving you. Thank you. Youre safe. Peace. Yes. I want to use the veto on Tom, because ung Tom understands this game very well. I like the Tom is always thinking not one step, not two, but about three steps again. I will never vote for you, ever, okay? I just feel relieved. I think I can trust him. But once he takes that veto off of his neck and puts it around mine, then I know I can trust him. Well go final two, man. Yeah. We have a-- we have an alliance. I'm so glad you won. I'm loving it man. Congrats, I'm loving it. I'm in a final two alliance with kato kaelin. Head of household is weird. Hey. I have known Lolo since 2012, so me and her do have history. The Lolo I know, shes really happy and enjoys life, and as a friend, I gotta talk to her and see what is going on. What up? I just want to make sure everythings okay. Everything is not okay because I felt like I knew you the longest, and I felt like you threw me under the bus. I know you guys tried to backdoor me. No. Uh-oh. I got caught. Oh, no! I gotta think of a way to get out of this. What do I do? Backdoor? Yeah. How? You have not been backdoored. Youre not going to, like-- I'm just telling you what everybody? The house is telling me. Yeah. I'm keeping it real here, Ryan. It just threw me for a loop. I was like, whats going on here? I came in here wanting to know, like, why, like, youre just, like-- because I feel like I lost a friend. Youve been straight to Joey. Youve been straight to Jonathan. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Ive been clicking with them. Ive been clicking with them in the same way youve been clicking with the two girls. I just want to see you smiling again and happy. Well, I appreciate that. I'm not really sure putting up Lolo will be the best decision. I'm just so confused. And so tired of, like, hurting peoples feelings and getting blood on my hands. "Big Brother," this game is intense. Well, like I said, stick around me, and youll be happy. All right, ry. Talk to you later. All right. Smile. Julie: Up next, its the veto meeting. Who will ultimately wind up on the block? Find out next. Then, its the live vote and eviction. Who will be walking out the front door? Stay with us. ( Cheers and applause ) Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." Its now time for the veto meeting. Kato has vowed to use veto on Tom. If he does, who will Ryan put up in his place? Lets find out. This is the veto meeting. Tom, Kandi, and Jonathan have been nominated for eviction. But I have the power to veto one of the nominations. I have decided to use the power of veto on Tom. Thank you. ( Applause ) Thank you. Youre safe, buddy! Whooo! Okay. Ryan, since I have just vetoed one of the nominations for eviction, you will have to name another houseguest as a replacement nominee. I dont know what to do right now. Do I put up a pawn so we can take out Kandi? Or do I just make a big move and put up Lolo? I guess my nominee... Would be... Joey. Welcome to the block, bro. Thanks, man. "Big Brother." Its a game man, all good. This veto meeting is adjourned. I didnt put up Lolo because right now, we need the girls to think that our alliance is still strong. So I put up my buddy Joey, as a pawn, so now we can really go after Kandi and get her out of here. Then, the boys will come after the girls. Youre going to love it here. I love it. So I'm on the block. My friend Ryan decided to put me up there and I get it. But at the end of the day, once youre on the block, anything can happen. I'm pretty stressed. I'm kind of in the center of a lot of drama right now. And I feel like a sitting duck. So I'm on the block, and right now, there is nothing I can do about it. There are no more vetoes. Its down to a vote. But if I make it through, Jonathan Bennett is going to give this whole house an attitude adjustment. Brother. I'm going to get out of here quick because they know youre in here. You and I can basically decide right now who goes. I just did the math on it. Okay. Jonathan, Kandi, or Joey? Its in our best interest if Kandi stays because we know well be able to beat her in H.O.H. Competitions later. Whereas, I dont think well be able to necessarily beat Jonathan or Joey. Jonathan is in this game to win. He plays hard. Joeys also a strong guy. Hes in the gym every day. With these big, athletic competitions, I dont think Kandi is going to be as much of a threat in the future, so if we can get one of the stronger competitors out now, we should probably take that shot now. Figuring this out, man. Dina is definitely voting to save Jonathan. Uh-huh. The only curveball is the fact that Joey was up there. I didnt expect that. Why does that even matter? The strongest player is still Jonathan. You dont think Joey is strong? Joey who? Joey Lawrence? I was joking. ( Laughter ) I'm honestly, like, I like Kandi, and I think shes good to keep. Hey, guys. Hey. Tom doesnt want Kandi to go. Oh. Its good for to us keep Kandi around, too. Shes positive energy. Its not good for us because her and Tamar, it makes our work-- our life hell. We might have to put up a little screaming and yelling. Its not a little. Its not a little. Its kept us up every night. Switch rooms. By getting rid of Kandi, we can make the house an easier place to live in for Tamar, but I still dont trust Jonathan or Ryan so, whatever we decide will be a very big decision. I think its just, like, its affecting the house. Honestly, it is-- it is bothersome. This is what we have to worry about. Julie: Joey, Kandi, or Jonathan. Who will be the first celebrity shown the front door? Well find out shortly. But no matter who is evicted, you can catch the aftermath on "Big Brother after dark" tonight and every night only on pop. The live vote and eviction are next. Stay with us. ( Cheers and applause ) ( Cheers and applause ) Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." Its now time for the first live vote and eviction. Joey, Kandi, or Jonathan. Who will be the first celebrity to leave the "Big Brother" house? Lets head to the living room and find out. Hello, houseguests. Hi, Julie! Julie: How is everyone doing tonight? Good! Great! Julie: Well, it has been a crazy week to, say the least. But I did promise you all that there would be twists and turns all season long. The celebrity breaking news twist certainly proved that to be true. And as you know, there will be more celebrity breaking news to come. But tonight is eviction night. Joey, Kandi, Jonathan, in just moments your housemates will cast their votes to evict live. But before they do, you each have a final chance to sway their votes with one brief statement. Joey, youre up first. I'm up first. All right. Houseguests, this has been a wild and amazing ride thus far with you all. Its been a pleasure. Its been crazy at times. But like ive said to you a few of you individually in the house, I truly believe this we are all here as part of our journey. But it is only one persons journey to actually win this thing. So if its not mine and I go home tonight, it has been a blessing and an honor to share this crazy space with you for as far as-- you know, as this journey has taken us at this particular moment. So thank you all for the moments and the memories. Some friendships that have blossomed out of this thing. I am extremely grateful. Thanks so much, everybody. "Blossom." Julie: You caught that reference. Very clever, Joey. Thank you. All right, Kandi, you have the floor. Okay. Well, I just wanted to say they have been really enjoying myself. This has been a crazy week, especially for me. Its been a lot of ups and downs. I am truly appreciative of everybody who has been support itch and, you know, lifted me up when I was about to break down in here. But I just want to say even though I really, really miss my family, I really want to stay here. And I do not feel like I'm a threat to anyone, so, please, keep me, please! ( Applause ). Julie: Thank you, Kandi. All right, Jonathan. Oh, youd think ID be good at these by now, right? I mean... first of all, I want to say thank you to CBS and everyone over there because this-- just being here has been one of the craziest, most amazing moments of my life, and I'm so grateful for CBS and just walking in this door and being here. 10 days ago, we all walked in this room. And there were a lot of unknowns. A lot of people didnt know what was going on in certain ways. There were just a lot of unknowns about what was going to happen. And I feel of all the people who have been on the block right now, and of all the people in the house, I have been a teammate to every single person here, because when you want to win "Big Brother," you dont win it individually. The only way you get to the end is by working as a team. And if theres anyone thats demonstrated team work in this house and helping everyone when they had questions on what to do, I could have said nothing but I didnt. I went to every one of you because youre on my team. And teams a very important thing to me. And so I think that sometimes you have to call on your teammates to back you up. So this is the part where I say, "hey, team, back me up." Julie: All right, thank you, Jonathan. Thank you, all. Its now time for the live voting to begin. The three nominees, not allowed it vote. Ryan, as head of household, you will only vote in the event of a tie. One at a time, the rest of you will enter the diary room and cast your vote to evict. Dina, youre up first. Please go to the diary room. Jonathan convinced Ryan to keep Dina off the block. Will Dina return the favor and keep Jonathan safe? This is really hard for me, but I choose to evict Kandi. Julie: Thank you. Kato is torn between taking out Jonathan or Kandi. It is decision time. Hi, kato. Hi, Julie. Julie, you look beautiful. Julie: Well, thank you. Please cast your vote to evict. Its so hard. I vote to evict Jonathan. Julie: Thank you. Sean, Tiffany, hi. Julie: Tamar has been at odds with Kandi even before they intrerred the house. Will she take this chance to send her packing. Hi, Tamar? Hi, Julie. Julie: Please cast your vote to evict. I hate to evict my friend Jonathan. Julie: Thank you. Okay. The vote is zero votes to evict Joey, one vote to evict Kandi, and one vote to evict Jonathan. Two votes-- pardon me-- to evict Jonathan. When we return, the rest of the votes will be cast and the first celebrity of the season will be sent packing. Stay with us. ( Cheers and applause ) Julie: Welcome back to "Celebrity Big Brother." The houseguests are currently voting in the first live eviction of the season. So far it is 0 votes to evict Joey, 1 vote to evict Kandi, and 2 votes to evict Jonathan. Lets continue with the live vote and eviction. Ricky has been stirring the pot all week. Will he continue to do so with his vote? Hi, Ricky. Hey, Julie. Julie: Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict Jonathan. Thank you. Miss you, momma. Julie: Tom wants one of the men to be evicted. Which one will he choose? Hi, Tom. Hi, Julie. Julie: Please cast your vote to evict. This wasnt easy. But I cast my vote to evict Jonathan. And to my girlfriend Jessica, love you. Hi, mom and dad, Joe! Julie: Thank you. Its official, with four votes to evict Jonathan, Jonathan will leave the house tonight, but lets see how the other votes fall. Hi, Lolo. Hi, Julie! Julie: Please cast your vote to evict. With a torn heart, I sadly vote to evict Jonathan. Julie: Thank you. Hi, mom! Julie: Natalie Eva Marie has a final two with Lolo. Her vote should follow her allies. Hi, Natalie Eva Marie. Hi, Julie. You look amazing. Julie: Thank you. Please cast your vote to evict. I vote to evict Jonathan. Julie: Thank you. I love you Jonathan, and mom and dad. I love you Jonathan, and mom and dad. Julie: All of the votes are in. Lets give the news to the houseguests. Houseguests, the votes are in. When I reveal the vote, the evicted celebrity will have just a few moments to say goodbye, gather his or her belongings, and walk out the front door. With 0 votes to evict, Joey, youre safe, which means its down to Kandi and Jonathan. By a vote of 6-1, Jonathan, you are evicted from the "big brother" house. Oh, man! Oh! Its okay. Its okay, guys. Its okay. Well see you guys soon. Its all good, bro. Oh! Well, I'm out, and I'm free. You guys have fun. Mmmwah! Oh! Its okay. Its all good. I gotta go or Julie is going to get mad. Bye, guys. Bye! Bye! ( Cheers and applause ) What! Hi! Thank you for holding me down. Hi, mom and dad, hi Jonathan. I love you guys. Hey, sister! Already? Already. That made me miss my mom and my sisters. Oh, my god! Oh, yeah, you forgot about you. I didnt really. Wow. It turned gray. Already. That quick. Thats so creepy. It is creepy. Julie: Jonathan. What happened? It went really well, Julie gli mean, okay, no, lets backtrack. Yeah. Julie: From the get-go, you formed an alliance with half the house. Yeah. Julie: So in theory you should have the numbers to stay tonight. Correct. Julie: Yet, it was 6-1. What do you think happened? First of all, dont get an olympic gold medalist to team up with you the first second you walk into the house because it puts a target on your back. That was the biggest mistake. But Ryan picked me, and thats how it happened. Teaming up with Ryan. And then I think the biggest thing that happened that went wrong was I was in the house for, like, 30 seconds before I was on the block bawftz twist. So I won the H.O.H., and then I'm on the block. And then all of a sudden you have to start making alliances to-- you have to start getting people to keep you there immediately without ever knowing anyone. Julie: But huthree chances-- right. Julie: To save yourself. Correct. Julie: Unprecedented three chances. Yes. Also, not athletic. Julie: Oh, you are a liar! You are a liar. Because I will tell you why, someone told me you work out at their gym in this neighborhood. And I said you know what? It shows. Because you were good at those competitions. Okay, they were okay. Julie: Dont undersell yourself. I know where you work out. Come through, Julie! Come on! Lets go! Julie: Okay, can I tell you what maybe was your-- yeah, tell me what it was. Julie: You convinced Ryan not to-- you stuck your neck out for Dina. Yeah. Julie: Or dine Diana as Ryan would say. Why? Why did you stick your neck out for Dina? Because at the end of the day I know, "a," Lindsay would kill me if I didnt protect her. And, "b," its Dina. You have to protect someone who cant be-- shes not going to win some of the physical challenges and I felt it was my responsibility with Ryan to protect Dina. And the other big problem I had was when Ryan, like -- no, let me tell you something. What happened? Julie: You stuck your neck out for her. You didnt clue in the women in your alliance. Oh. Julie: That planted seeds of doubts in their head against you. They were blindsided. Right. Julie: And that was the beginning of the end for you. Communication. Communication is key in any relationship. Julie: You know this game. Yes, I do, I do. Julie: Any thoughts? It is way harder than-- I couldnt even-- couldnt tell you how hard it is to be in there. And it is the best and craziest experience you will ever have. I think with Ryan too, like, I dont think Ryan and Joey -- these are your final thoughts because were running out of time. They didnt really know how an alliance worked and how not to tell everyone everything that was going on. And it was like taking puppies and trying to get them all face the same way. And they were like, "I'm going to say this." "No, youre not." But it was the best experience of my life and I'm so grateful I got to do this and now I get to watch them and go sit on my couch. Julie: Youll be back to vote for the winner. They better watch out! Julie: Thanks. It was so much fun watching you in there. Stay right there. Jonathan may be out of the house, but there are still 10 celebrities left in the game. Who among them will rise to power as the next head of household. And when two houseguests will be nominated for eviction? Find out Sunday. But you dont have to wait to see who wins H.O.H. Head over to the "celebrity big brother" live feeds on CBS all access and watch it play out live. For now, lets eavesdrop on our celebrity houseguests. From outside the "Big Brother" house with Jonathan, I'm Julie chen moonves. Have a good night. ( Cheers and applause ) Captioning funded by CBS captioned by media access group at wgbh Were just asking. We just didnt know. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 