The Curse of Oak Island: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Oak Island 
 s1e5 - The Find - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Oak Island (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Find - full transcript 
 Rick and Marty Lagina make one of the biggest discoveries in the 200-year old search for treasure on Oak Island. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight on The Curse of Oak Island... This is the most sophisticated equipment that's ever been on this island. That's what we're looking for. Wow, this could be it. This could be the find. What are you getting, Rick? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What are you getting, big brother? Whoa. Whoa! Are you serious? Well, that's a game-changer. It predates the Money Pit by at least 150 years. It's the first piece of evidence that I've been able to hold in my hand. This is the most valuable thing that's ever been 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 found on Oak Island. Yes! There is a mysterious island in the North Atlantic... where for more than 200 years people have been looking for treasure. So far they have found underground tunnels and shafts, bizarre booby traps... even a stone slab with strange symbols carved into it-- but nothing of value. Still, they dig, deeper... and deeper. Six men have lost their lives in the search. And according to legend, one more will have to die before the mystery can be solved. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk Oh, let's go get it. Let's get Big Max in the swamp. This is exciting. I mean, I don't believe it, okay, 'cause I'm not gonna believe it till I see it, but still, cool. Rick and Marty Lagina may be on the verge of a breakthrough in solving the mystery of Oak Island. Let's go, let's figure this out. Look at the grin on that guy's face. Come on, let's go. It's not very heavy, Rick. Andiamo. A few minutes ago, Rick Lagina stumbled onto something that he hopes will finally answer the biggest question of all: What lies below? Holy (bleep). After partially draining the Oak Island swamp, and using a simple metal detector, he located what he believes is a large square-edged object lying just a few feet beneath the water. All right, let's go get this thing. Come on, let's go. Located in the middle of the island, the strange triangle-shaped swamp has long been thought to be man-made-- but why? I found the treasure map leading to Oak Island. According to Norwegian researcher Petter Amundsen, the swamp may very well have been the place where the Knights Templar, or their descendants, buried priceless religious artifacts rescued from the Great Temple of Jerusalem during the Crusades. Shakespeare holds the key. His theory is based on what he believes is an elaborate series of codes concealed within the first printed folios of William Shakespeare. And the codes, in turn, lead to what Amundsen calls the "Mercy point," which is right where Rick Lagina believes he has located a mysterious square-edged object. Yeah, if you want to start imaging and go out there and do your ground balancing... Okay, let's do a ground balance. Level coil. Is he level? Ground balance one. Earlier, the swamp was scanned using a conventional metal detector. Will you check your data logger, make sure it's on? Data logger's on. Now the team has returned and is using a bigger and even more sophisticated metal-detection device called the Deepmax X6. It can scan to a depth of nearly 40 feet, and can identify what type of metal objects or material might lie below. If you see this spike up, you know you're over something. Now that we got the Deepmax unit out here, we can confirm the data and we can see it for the first time. On Rick's mark, he will say "Zero." Zero starts the run. You guys walk at a slow pace, steady, try to get this coil as far down as you can. Teeter on the edge of falling off if you have to, Will. Don't step off in that muck. He's got a belt on. Okay, no steel here. How big is the belt buckle? Since the Deepmax X6 will pick up any trace of metal... Let's take it off. ...it's imperative the team members don't accidentally compromise the readings. Give me your belt. Yeah, we're gonna have a little show here when your pants fall off. I've never done this before. While Rick and Marty's nephew David and his friend Will use the Deepmax unit to scan the swamp, Rick follows behind wearing a data recorder. Rick, on your mark. Okay. Zero start. Ready? Yep. Okay. Go. I think this is the most sophisticated equipment that's ever been on this island, these metal detectors that can sense very deep. It's great. Left side up, Will. Keep going, keep going. Okay, get it as far back-- get the coil as far back as you can. Get right on the edge of the board. Hey, David, if you fall off, you know you're far enough. (laughs) What you getting, Rick? Just nothing. I got nothing. That doesn't sound good. Go that way. Holy (bleep). You got to be kidding me. That's it. Right when you went over that spot? What'd you get, big brother? Full scale, almost a sheet and a half. Full scale. That's what we're looking for. There were so many hits. I mean, it goes off in your hand and you think, wow, this could be it, this could be the find. So, you got a spike over that spot? Good. That's what I want to hear. It was quite impressive. You know, it mimicked what Steve found, to a tee. You know, I try not to let my expectations rise too much, 'cause you get disappointed. He got a big hit out there straightaway, yeah, it's exciting, but I'm not gonna let my emotions get carried away until we actually see something. So it's great. Uh, we got a lot more work to do. Uh, yeah, after we get back. Yeah, he got the data, Rick. Okay. Let's run it through software, see what we get. Yeah, absolutely. Head for the war room. To the war room! After getting a series of hits indicating that there may very well be metal objects somewhere buried in the swamp, Rick, Marty and the team return to the war room to analyze the results gathered by the Deepmax X6 data recorder. You brought everything we need to see, right, Steve? Yes, sir. Metal detection expert Steve Zazulyk will try to give Rick and Marty an idea of what they found-- with the help of a computer model. All of our data is in. It's very good that you keep things in perspective. So, I just want to kind of start off by telling everybody what we want to see, so you kind of understand what we're looking for. Basically, when you're detecting you're looking for a nonferrous, uh... target. Yes. A ferrous is a... would be iron. Nonferrous would be... Gold, silver. Yeah, gold and silver are nonferrous. Spendable, right, David? Spendable. After decades of hard work, thousands of hours of planning, and millions of dollars invested, are Rick, Marty and their Oak Island partners about to find out that they've found something of great value on Oak Island? Could this mystery, for which so many lives have been sacrificed, really be close to getting solved? So, with this type of machine, nonferrous will come up as orange or red. So let's take a look at, uh, the screen and I can show you guys what we have. Yes. Let's do that. I see red. All right! Look at my boat! Those look like some mountains of red. Okay, so let's take a look at, uh, the screen and I can show you guys what we have. Yes. Let's do that. After using a sophisticated metal detection device to scan the area of the swamp known as the Mercy point, Rick, Marty and the team have gotten together in the war room to review their findings. The data's gonna display in colors. All right, what color we want? Dave, what we want is we want red. It could be gold, it could be silver. I see red. All right! Look at my boat! Those look like some mountains of red. Yeah, we want red. The data was exciting. I mean, the color was everywhere. Each one of these is a layer. Corresponding to depth? Uh, yes, sir. So, as you can see, where we are right here, there's a lot of red and orange. Oh, yeah. Okay, so now you look at a cross section of this. Look at all the red. When you get down towards the blue down here, um, it's basically nothing, so this is just deeper. And these are all layers, right? And here we've got more red. We've got a lot of red. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, we like that. I see my boat there, Marty! The handheld responses came from that area, right? How big is it, David? Yes. Looks like about a 100-footer. (laughter) So is this confirmation of something to dig up? You know, with this data and the, uh, data that we've got from the handheld, in my opinion, it's definitely an area of interest for you. I mean, quite frankly, if you're gonna hide something somewhere, it's a great spot to put it. I think what we need to do... I mean, I think there are muck divers, you know, swamp divers, uh, who will go in there and, you know, actually go and feel around on the bottom. Don't be looking at me when you say "muck divers." (laughter) That is not happening. Why don't we see, you know, Tony the Divemaster that took Alex and I out? Give him a call and see if he's available. We just need to know it's there. No problem. What's your saying, Rick, what's your quote? Once in, all in? One in, all in. Once in, forever in. He's talking about the swamp. Once in, forever in. Let's go! Why have two centuries of treasure hunters been drawn to Oak Island? Because logic suggests that if someone went to so much trouble to hide something, using booby traps and sophisticated underground engineering, then it must be to protect something of enormous value. But what? Knights Templar treasure? Millions in Spanish gold? Priceless historical artifacts? No one knows for sure, although stories persist about a wealthy landowner named Anthony Graves who lived on the island 150 years ago. Although he never actively participated in any of the documented treasure hunts, he is rumored to have paid for goods on the mainland with 17th century Spanish coins. When asked where he got them, Graves would never say. Well, there she is, Tony. Back again. Oak Island. To investigate what they believe to be a mysterious structure lying at the bottom of the swamp, Rick and Marty have brought in Tony Sampson, a local Divemaster. A treasure hunter in his own right, Tony has been exploring the waters around Oak Island for decades, but this time he will face a unique challenge, as the water he will be getting into will offer zero visibility. And you've done similar stuff, right? Oh, God, yeah, yeah. Used to recover (bleep) in (bleep) for-for the police force, yeah. We used to dive in the, uh... in the surge ponds... Oh, God. ...tryin' to find, uh... yeah, like, stolen property, you know, murder weapons, all that sort of stuff. Yeah, well, this, I think, is gonna be not exactly that but about as close as you can get. I mean, it stinks. It's just pretty damn nasty. Once you're down there, it's a slow, slow job, Marty, because you're moving pretty much hands and knees, you know, a foot... a foot at a time. Well, have you been able to find stuff in, you know... let's just call it zero visibility water before? Yeah. It's... I use lighter gloves, so pretty much everything's by Braille. So you can feel it? Exactly, yeah. Just close your eyes and go Zen, man. Just start feeling. (both laugh) Tony is a very competent diver. It's clear when I was talking to him. I know a little bit about diving and I know a little bit about technology of diving. He's a guy I believe we can count on. What can we... what can we do? What can we carry or what can we help with? Um, well, we're just gonna have a look first, Marty. Okay, great, great. Then you know what gear to get. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you're gonna be delighted to see this. Yeah, wait till you see this. You're gonna be so happy to see this. The (bleep) that's here, uh, just in front of the ply, that's-that's the stuff we can get out with the metal rakes and crap. What Tony suggested we do is to remove as much vegetation as possible so he can actually submerge and get down to the bottom of the swamp and then metal-detect, probe and actually physically feel what's down there. Okay, Tony, we're gonna... we're gonna take you out to where I got that hit, okay? So just-just seriously watch your step. How am I, Charles? Fine. Yeah. Rick, give me some guidance. I think we're close. It was a little bit further, to your left. Yeah, like, right here, right? Right there. almost see where we went in. Yeah. Right. So... there's definitely something hard down there, and I felt it flat. It could be a flat rock, it could be a box. I don't know. A box? Could this be the so-called mystery box that was written about in Bobby Restall's journals? The one that he and his father were close to finding, right before the tragic accident that claimed four lives in 1965? Okay, spring into action, crew. Yeah, I'm getting a hit here. Definitely. Right there. Move your shovel. There's something there. He must be getting hits. You on to something? Think it's some... It may be something small. See that? See that? (staticky beeping) Oh, (bleep). What is it? This could be something big. Serious? Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Is it a coin? I believe this is a coin. No. You serious? What? No. A coin? Found in the Oak Island swamp? Is that a... What's that eight on it? What the hell is that? Oh, that's an eight. What is it? Yeah. It is an eight, isn't it? Yeah. A strange coin with an eight on it? Yeah. What is it? I got no idea, man. Could this be the first of many waiting to be found? Part of a mother lode? Were those trapezoid edges at one time, do you think? Well, it's copper. Yeah. You know, I've seen something like this. They're called, uh, like m-mervadas or something like this? I-I've seen something like this before. Mervadas, that's Spanish. That's Spanish. Yeah. Really? Yeah, like 1500s or 1600s or something like that. For more than 200 years, people have been wondering about just what, if anything, lies buried on Oak Island. In addition to theories about the Knights Templar or their successors, the Freemasons, having hidden priceless religious artifacts deep within booby-trapped vaults... there are those that tell stories of Spanish explorers hiding a portion of their golden plunder rather than turn it all over to the king. Could finding a Spanish coin on Oak Island be evidence that this theory is true? This is, this is, this is probably the most valuable looking thing that's ever been found on Oak Island. To date. But we've got a long ways to go. Oh, yeah. For Marty Lagina, finding tangible evidence of something valuable being buried on Oak Island is critical if he is to continue pumping more time and money into this project. It's a great thing to be here with Rick right now. It's like here we are, off again, collecting money from our paper route, only this time it's a pirate coin in the swamp. I'm just ecstatic about that, 'cause I-I see the happiness in my brother's face and that's great. But, even so-- the other day I had a serious discussion with Rick about throwing in the towel. I said, geez, Rick, we don't have a lot here. I need to see irrefutable proof. Could this be the proof Marty has been looking for? A small copper coin? This at least says a lot. We got to figure out what it is. He's always looking for proof, show me the proof. Okay, here's the coin, here's the proof. Okay, I just have one quick question. Yeah, yeah, I can feel this coming. Huh? Talk to me. I'm sorry I doubted you. How's that? How's that, brother? That's a good deal. Let's... But just one doesn't quite get you all the way there, all right? Let's keep going. Let's go, get your suit on, let's go. You get in the water. After finding the coin, Rick and Marty are even more eager to get Tony into the swamp so that he can find what else, if anything, is down there. Tony will be diving in the area of the swamp known as the Mercy point. The same area where Norwegian filmmaker and writer Petter Amundsen believes is the location of an entrance to a large underground treasure vault. According to Amundsen's theory, the Rosicrucians or their successors, the Freemasons, traveled to Oak Island more than 400 years ago. There they buried the sacred treasures the Knights Templar had captured during the Crusades. Among the precious objects were the Holy Grail... the Ark of the Covenant... and the golden menorah of the Holy Temple in Jerusalem. Could this be why the metal detectors have indicated the presence of nonferrous metals like gold and silver at the bottom of the swamp? Is there anything here? And could the large, flat object that Rick Lagina believes he found really be the entrance to an ancient underground treasure vault? Ready to dive? Tony has more than four feet of muck and mud to dig through before he can actually touch the strange object Rick believes is down there. Because he will not be able to see, Tony will have little to rely on other than a small, handheld metal detector and his years of diving experience. You know what, this is not the fun part of treasure hunting. Watching somebody else do the work. Watching him and I thought, you know what? Maybe I just put some duct tape over my mouth, and I just jump in with him. I mean, that's what I wanted to do. But you can see the man is technically skilled and that he loves what he's doing. Yep? Yeah. You got a hit? Right below you? All right. What kind of hit do you have, Tony? You know, he seems to be interested in something. Look. Yeah, what is that? What the hell? Nothing. God, that stuff is thick, eh? It's not just muck, it's vegetation. You know, it's a swamp. It's, it's, there's four feet of organic material in there. I know it's torturing you. He couldn't do his diving and handle the detector and do his discovery work, so we had to jump in and help him. But it was just a simple process of scooping this stuff up and throwing it off to the side. You're making me feel bad. You want me in there? Yes. Fine. Oh, yeah, this is just frigging magnificent. I decided to jump in myself because I couldn't stand to see my brother up to his armpits in mud doing all that hard work, I just, you know, felt bad. Hoo. We're in this together, and I wanted to be shoulder to shoulder with him. In the muck. Oh, boy, here we go. Here we go. Ooh, baby. Boots in the air. That's what we wanted. There's something there. There is something there. Whoa-ho-ho. I heard that. We could hear audio, we could hear audibly, ping, ping, ping. Oh, yeah. Everybody's ears pick up, everybody's standing there quite excited, because we had just found the coin, and now we're thinking, maybe we found what we're looking for. This is right where we all jumped in right here. And we got the, all the major hits right along this line. Rick and Marty are hoping they're just moments away from the biggest discovery in the history of Oak Island. But they also know that the island has fooled and frustrated treasure hunters for more than 200 years. They want to be excited. Come on, Tony. But it's best to be cautious. Wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait. He's coming up. What? What? What the hell? Wait, wait. He's coming up. What? What? What the hell? That's a big piece of rock. I have no idea what to make of it. Although Tony hasn't found evidence of the gold or silver objects that set off the metal detector, he is finding a number of strange flat stones. Why might this be significant? When the original Money Pit was excavated in 1795, a number of flat stones were found along with oak planks every ten feet. At 90 feet, a large flat stone was discovered that had a series of strange markings, like hieroglyphs, carved into it. According to reports, this stone had an unusual olive color. And the stones Tony is discovering seem to match that description. That's not granite. That's not granite. That's not granite. It's almost a sandstone. I think it was old concrete. The Romans made concrete. It's weird. It's weird! (laughter) I'm so tired of "That's weird." Huh. So many things have that name put to them. That's weird has been probably the most common phrase here this summer. Okay, so far, I'd take several of those pieces of eight, instead of this rock. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. You've got to save that. Tony came up with a couple rocks that we're going to have analyzed that were odd, but not what we wanted. We wanted metal. We wanted a box. We wanted coins. We wanted something definitive. Well? What say you? Tell us. It was weird, because, initially, I got a hit about two-thirds of the way down. Sort of feeling across everything as I was going, and I thought, "What the hell is it?" And, um, I did a test on my ring, yeah, and it's the same sort of sound-- obviously, gold. Yeah, yeah. Um, and I was going through, like, inch-by-inch. Obviously, if there was a coin or something there, I would've found it. But, um, it was the same thing. I was getting it, and then, gone. Wait. Gone? Then you wouldn't get it there anymore? Exactly, just gone. How is it possible that the strong signals that the team was getting from the metal detectors, indicating the presence of objects made of gold or silver, have now suddenly disappeared? Are you going to take a break then, or do you have one more in you, or...? Oh, (bleep), yeah. I could go all day, man. Could the readings the team got earlier have been the result of a technical malfunction? A glitch? Or could there be another reason? Tony, could you see if you can duplicate those hits you got earlier? Sure, man. It has long been reported that electrical devices inexplicably break down while being used on Oak Island, especially in the area of the swamp. The one thing that's the strangest thing here is that we've had hits on all three detectors, by three different people, that have gone off in space. I've never seen that before. Ever. If I had an explanation for you, I'd give it to you. Is Oak Island up to its old tricks? Baiting its victims? Giving them a glimpse of success, only to snatch it away? But the good news is, we had a good day, you know? We had a fantastic day! And although finding the coin may turn out to be significant, is that all there is? Okay. I don't think we found anything. Come aboard, Tony. Phew. Well? Phew! Oh. Bloody weird, man. 32 years of this (bleep), and I've never seen anything like this place. Really? Yeah. It's just crazy. You get a hit, it goes away. You know, and you come up with nothing. How is that possible? I got no idea, man. Oak Island. Discovering what he believes to be a Spanish coin has convinced Rick Lagina that he and his brother are on the right path to solving the Oak Island mystery, but Marty remains doubtful. I'm the skeptic. I'm not as sure as him. I've never been as sure as him. Yeah, I got to think about it a little bit. I don't get "hits and no hits," Steve. Deepmax? You know, we turned that metal detector on. We were getting hits all over the place. Well, I don't know. I really... I've never seen anything like it, either. Ghost targets that just keep on going everywhere, and that's all... the only way you can explain it is ghost targets. I don't know what to make of it. I don't think there's anything here. The diver had gone down, couldn't verify the Deepmax data. I... There's something inconsistent about that data. Let's move on. So, I wanted to see if we can figure out what's really going on. For Rick and Marty Lagina, scouring the area of the Oak Island swamp known as "the Mercy point" has been both a strange and frustrating experience. On two separate occasions, and using the latest in sophisticated metal detection equipment... Keep going! Keep going! ...they received evidence that there was something large and metallic lying beneath the murky water. Nonferrous will come up as "red." Those are like some mountains of red! But now the readings have stopped, and the evidence they were convinced they'd found has strangely disappeared. And nothing? Nothing. Still, they may have in their possession the possible evidence that the legends about Oak Island are true. Something that could prove that all of their hard work has not been in vain. Before heading home to clean up, Marty, Rick and the team head over to Dan Blankenship's house. Dan has devoted most of his life to looking for treasure on the island, and they are eager to show him their latest find. Come on in! Hey, Dan! Daniel! How you doing? Yeah, how you doing, Marty? Rick! We can't come in any farther. Looks like you guys went swimming today. Swimming in mud. You've got the evidence to prove it. Yeah, we do. That's right. I don't want to get too close to them. No. What you doing? Back off here. That's right. Over the years, Dan Blankenship has found many strange objects. Like early 18th century Spanish scissors, a rock with a Masonic symbol carved into it, and the remains of man-made structures at Smith's Cove. And while he was digging the 235-foot deep treasure shaft, known as 10-X, he claims he saw underground tunnels... ancient tools... treasure chests... and even a dead body. No, we just brought something we want to show you. Okay. Want to sit down? Looks like I'm gonna have to. When Rick handed that coin to Dan, I knew it was a big deal for Rick, and I knew it was a big deal for Dan, you know? It meant something in that moment. Yeah, it meant something, you know? He's got something to hold in his hand to justify 48 years of work. I mean, it's not a treasure, but it's a treasure in what it means. What do you think? That's Spanish. I know. Yeah? Yeah. Today, after nearly a half-century of searching, Dan Blankenship is holding the first solid evidence that there may have been people on Oak Island prior to 1795, and that those people really might have buried treasure here. It confirms a lot of things, Marty. Yeah. You know? Yeah. It definitely does confirm my suspicion that the Spanish did it. I've always said, the Spanish did it. Presumably, sometime between 1500 and 1550. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. And that's the first thing I've held in my hands... I know. ...since I've been here almost 48 years. Yeah. That's why we came right here. And that's the first thing I have, the real evidence, you know. Yup. I told you we were going to solve this. That's just the start of it. Up until now, myself, especially, have been, uh, operating on faith. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, you got to give us credit for persevering, though. Oh, yeah. And believing in something. You believed. I know you did. In the same token, Dave has never held anything in his hand, either. Dan takes the coin, hands it to David. It's almost like the passing of the torch. It was a great moment. But now, we got to find something more than that. We're on it. I want something this thick, this wide, about this long, oh, about 40 pounds, gold color. Well, we needed a luck change. Amen! Yeah. Let's hope. Yeah. Uh, I know you've spent a small fortune up to date. I know that. And, uh, I hope and pray that this doesn't make you spend another fortune before you see something that is in a container, you know? Amen. Yes. All right, well, it's almost time to have a drink. I would love to join you. Nice to see you, Dan. Congratulations. Give me that, too, Dan, again. Glad to. Partner. It's been an exciting day for Rick, Marty and their team. Although they didn't find a long-lost treasure vault, they did discover what may very well be an important piece of evidence, possibly a clue that might help them solve the Oak Island mystery. But after extensive scientific examination, will the strange copper object found in the swamp prove to be an authentic 17th century Spanish treasure coin? Or will Marty Lagina be forced to tell his brother that this summer on Oak Island will have to be... their last? The discovery of what appears to be a 17th century Spanish treasure coin makes this an important day for the team on Oak Island. But could finding one small coin really be the proof Marty Lagina needs to continue to support his brother's dream? Gentlemen. You happy happy? You know, I'm having trouble believing it. I mean, do you feel that, sort of? Definitely, definitely. Is it enough to convince him that all the hard work and all the money spent have not been in vain? Hey, Alex! Hey, guys. How you doing? Hey, Alex. Good, good. Good. Big news, right? Big news, yes. The big news of the day is the coin. Charles, you're gonna tell us all about it, right? Yeah. I've done some research, and, uh, I think you're gonna be, uh, surprised. Pleasantly surprised or... greatly surprised? Surprised. Okay, uh... it's a Spanish maravedí. Okay. Eight cob. Probably from the 1600s. And unfortunately, the date is obscured on the back, but possibly predates the Money Pit by at least 150 years. That... that's wildly significant. The maravedí eight cob was a common form of currency used by the Spanish after the discovery of the New World by Columbus in 1492. Because of its tendency to be sought after by pirates, it has also been referred to as a treasure coin. Could its presence on Oak Island suggest that the stories about Spanish ships stashing their plunder on the island are true? Or could it be that Spanish explorers, or possibly pirates, on hearing stories about an incredible treasure being buried on Oak Island years before by the Knights Templar or the Rosicrucians came to the island in the 1600s? Perhaps they dug the Money Pit in an effort to find that treasure, but later... went away empty-handed. Here's the funny thing about it. There it is right there, it's real, uh, and I still am having trouble getting my head around it. So where are we going, Rick? There's only one question to ask: Do we want to go forward? I say we need to take a vote. Let's have a show of hands. I am. I'll show my hands. Yes, sir. If I had a vote, I would... Both hands go up with you. Yeah, both hands. Alex? Um, I think there's still questions that we could answer, so I'm gonna say yes. Thank you, Alex. Where do you stand, boss? Yeah, I didn't see your hand, Marty. Well... you know, I was sort of playing this in my mind, and I'd say, well, there's a group of these guys and they go out and spend a bunch of money and they bust their ass, up to their necks in swamp, then at the end of their summer quest, they find a pirate coin... and then they quit. So, I guess... All right, so we're all in. All my life I've tried to convince my brother that Oak Island is for real. If I've done that, then I truly am the richest man in the world. You know, I realize this is just one coin, but it's always been a step-by-step process, and this will lead us to where we want to go. We're on a journey-- a Fellowship of the Dig, if you will-- and we are going to follow wherever this leads us. I think he's-- uh, how shall I say it?-- uh, he's... now invested. I won't say obsessed, but he's now invested in this discovery process. God, I hope I'm not obsessed. Let's see where it leads us. Oh. For more than 200 years... men have been searching for something of great value on Oak Island. They have found bits of paper, coconut fiber, even scraps of metal, but little proof that any of the stories about Spanish pirates or Knights Templar visiting the island were true. Not... until now. It's been a good day. How cold is this water? Who cares? There you go. For the first time in the history of Oak Island, an object has been found that seems to validate all of the centuries of digging-- and all the lost dreams of those who sacrificed their lives. If we hadn't come up with that coin... Yeah? ...I was gonna ask you to call it quits. I'm not sure what the answer would have been. But as far as Rick and Marty Lagina are concerned, their search has only just begun. But here's the thing-- I'm still in. Let's go. One in, all in. Once in, forever in. It's a good day, Rick. It's not just a good day, it's a great day. One for us. But where do they go next? Back to the swamp? To Smith's Cove? Or 10-X? Perhaps the answers still lie deep down at the bottom of the Money Pit. Answers that wait patiently... silently... defying those who seek them... and waiting for the next opportunity for the curse of Oak Island to strike... ...again. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 