The Curse of Oak Island: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Oak Island 
 s2e6 - Seven Must Dye - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Oak Island (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Seven Must Dye - full transcript 
 While Rick conducts a test that may help the team locate man-made flood tunnels on the island, Marty heads to Europe to track down an incredible lead. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight on The Curse of Oak Island... And in order to dig in the Money Pit, we have to shut off all the flood tunnels. Start it up, Rick! And maybe this dye test will lead us in that direction. We're here in the South of France, and we're really trying to dig back to 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 find the roots of this. If you were going to look for the treasure of the Knights Templar... I would start in Oak Island. It's right in front of you right now. I found something. I'm excited. There is an island in the North Atlantic where men have been looking for treasure for more than 200 years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So far, they have uncovered booby-trapped flood tunnels, carved stones with strange symbols, 17th century Spanish coins, and evidence of a wooden vault covered in concrete. Six men have lost their lives trying to solve the mystery. And according to legend, one more will have to die before the treasure can be found. Over the last few weeks, Rick and Marty Lagina, along with their partners, have made astonishing progress on Oak Island. Rick, I've got a question to ask you. Do I have to pay for this trip? With information, yes. After locating the original Money Pit, and then drilling to a depth of 142 feet, the team obtained two core samples. Concrete and then wood. That's the description. That's what they found in the top of the vault. Core samples which, amazingly, match the historical descriptions of a mysterious seven-foot tall wooden vault, first reported by treasure hunter William Chappell in 1897. But although finding the so-called Chappell vault represents an enormous breakthrough, the Laginas now face an even bigger problem: how to get to it. For the past two centuries, every attempt to drill below 90 feet has encountered intense flooding, long believed to be the result of a network of elaborate booby-trapped flood tunnels that run deep underground. In order to-to dig in the Money Pit, we have to shut off all the flood tunnels, and right now, we're only certain of two. We need to make certain there aren't any others. Hey, Dan! You gonna catch us some supper, mate? Might, if you like mackerel. Today, with the help of Dan and Dave Blankenship, Rick Lagina and and Divemaster Tony Sampson are scouting the possible locations where the flood tunnels are believed to enter Oak Island. The supposed five drains. Right. But that was never ascertained that it was only five? Hard to say, because if you want to find-find that out, you got to do more testing, you know. Right. In 1850, a team of treasure hunters claimed they found evidence of five stone box drains in Smith's Cove on the eastern side of the island. According to reports, the drains were designed to feed seawater into the tunnels, which, in turn, would undermine all attempts to excavate the Money Pit. We have to shut off the water before we can do the dig. I, specifically, am interested in if there's another flood tunnel system, undisturbed. This whole island is about information. Get enough information, and maybe we can solve it. In 1988, Oak Island residents Dan and Dave Blankenship recreated a test that was first conducted by treasure hunter Frederick Blair back in 1898. The test involved pouring non-toxic dye down one of the flooded treasure shafts, and then, trying to identify if and where the dye might be seeping out into the surrounding ocean. The dye came out at Smith's Cove at the island's south shore, and at a third location just north of Fred Nolan's property. I mean, look at how far we are from Smith's Cove. Yeah, I know, Rick. I can't believe that the flooding system is this large. Hey, I didn't dig it. This lends credence to what I said to you, Rick. There's more than one flooding system here. Yeah. There's several. If there is a new flood tunnel, that means that we could possibly uncover those drains and learn how these, that have been disturbed significantly, really function. And maybe we could learn how to stop the water into the Money Pit. Tony, why don't we head over to South Shore and check out the other place? Okay. For Rick Lagina and other members of his team, finding and sealing off the so-called flood tunnels could be the most important step in solving the Oak Island mystery. But there are some who believe the answers lie not on Oak Island but thousands of miles away and far back in time. While researching the history of Oak Island, Marty Lagina's son, Alex, has invited his father to join him on a fact-finding trip to Southern France. I can see one thing. I mean, it's spectacularly beautiful, right? >> KATHLEEN McGOWAN: There's certainly treasure in the landscape. Joining them is author and researcher Kathleen McGowan, who claims she can prove not only what the treasure is but where it came from. For the first stop on their journey, she has brought them to see the medieval ruins at the small town of Montsegur. It is here, according to McGowan, that the mystery of Oak Island began more than 800 years ago. Phew! That is impressive. Wow. This is the most sacred land of the region. You can see why they called it Montsegur, which means "the secure mountain." Yes. Because it was deemed impregnable as a fortress. Montsegur was a sacred place to the Cathar people a sect of early Christians who lived in this region of Southern France in the 12th and early 13th centuries. According to scholars, the Cathars claimed to be able to trace their origins all the way back to the days of Jesus. This is all about the potential origins of what you guys are actually looking for. There is an idea that the Cathars had all of the most sacred treasure in human history right here in this place. It includes the Holy Grail. It includes the Ark of the Covenant. That's fascinating. The Ark of the Covenant and the Holy Grail? Because many of their beliefs were considered heretical to the Catholic Church in Rome, the Cathars were persecuted. But there are some who believe, not so much for their faith, as for the sacred treasures that they possessed. So, this is a monument to the Cathar people. What happens in 1209, the Pope declares a crusade against the Cathar people, and begins to massacre them by the tens of thousands. In 1244 AD, Pope Innocent IV authorized a bloody massacre of the Cathars, which left approximately 500 of them cornered atop a mountain inside the fortress of Montsegur. Tired, weak and with little food left, most agreed to renounce their faith and were allowed to go free. But in a surprise move, nearly 200 of the most devout Cathar monks promised to surrender in exchange for a two-week period of truce. The request was granted. A night or perhaps two nights prior to the surrender, four Cathar men escaped, taking all of the Cathar treasure with them. Wow. According to McGowan, the Cathars gave the sacred objects in their possession to members of the Knights Templar in hopes the ancient order of warrior monks would keep them out of the hands of their enemies. The treasure is moved into Templar territory. Then, after that, the treasure would have been taken out of France, and secreted somewhere where it's safe, to Oak Island. Let's go up. I thought I was a pretty good student of history. I knew nothing of the Cathars. I can believe that they were sheltering some great knowledge or great treasure. Almost there. Well, this is it, huh? This is. This would have been the main part of the castle. It's been rebuilt since the Cathars were here. Mm-hmm. >> KATHLEEN Awfully small to hold 500 people. Well, yeah, I was going to say, it looks a little... It does. It does. It's a lot smaller than it looks. So what I'm going to show you is that this is where the treasure came and went through this pathway here. Those last two weeks, when the Cathars were all in here, they took the treasure down the mountain on a pulley system, and landing safely in Templar hands. I'm standing at the top of Montsegur. Quite a story. In a spot that was for sure the last stand of a people. And these people lowered something down to people waiting below to secret it away. That was intriguing. Why were they so viciously attacked? And what did they have? Did it leave and maybe go to North America? We got to find those things out yet we don't know. Who'd have guessed that a couple of young boys' fascination with an island off of Nova Scotia would have led here? It feels like a long ways away right now. Start it up, Rick. 17 feet, David. How are we looking? Okay, Tony, right about here. Cut it here. Okay, mate. Back on Oak Island, Rick Lagina along with Dave and Dan Blankenship and Divemaster Tony Sampson are at the island's south shore to scout another area for an upcoming dye test. So it's right off of here? Yep. Where the ice holes were. There was four of 'em, uh, initially. First this way here, here, there and there? Yep. In the winter of 1980, Dan Blankenship was overseeing a pumping operation in the Money Pit when he noticed four large circular holes in the frozen bay off the island's southern shore. These same so-called ice holes appeared again in 1987, convincing Dan that he had discovered at least one of the places where the water that flooded both 10-X and the Money Pit was coming from. It's awful hard to comprehend that these tunnels or whatever they were that was keeping 'em there was air bubbles, like I say, coming up and it's awful hard to explain why they're out in 12, 13 foot of water. But there... that's where they were. Well, Dan, I-I really would like to see one of those box drains undisturbed so we can see for ourselves and maybe, just maybe, this dye test will lead us in that direction. I'd love to see one, and to find that would be pretty significant. As Rick Lagina prepares to conduct the dye test, his brother Marty and nephew Alex... Which way? This way. Yeah, where to? ...have journeyed to Rennes-le-Château in Southern France with author and researcher Kathleen McGowan. You know, if you're gonna have a place steeped in tradition and secret legends and things, you know, this is where you would have situated it, right? Absolutely. Which I guess is what they did. Kathleen is convinced that before sacred religious artifacts like the Ark of the Covenant and the Holy Grail made their way to Oak Island, they were hidden here by members of the Knights Templar. This village is arguably the most enigmatic, uh, mysterious place in France. Um, it's known as the village of mystery. There are little symbols everywhere in Rennes-le-Château. As you'll see right here, the house we're about to go into, there's an iron Templar cross over the door. Oh, yes. And that is because we are about to enter into a Templar household. Hello, hello. Hello, Tobi. Hi, Kathleen. Nice to see you. Oh, lovely to see you. Bonjour. My name is Marty. Nice to meet you. Tobi. Tobi. Tobi, I'm Alex Lagina. Nice to meet you. I'm Tobi. So, may I introduce you? Yes. Come. For decades, researchers studying the Oak Island mystery have been struck by mounting evidence that members of the Knights Templar visited the island as early as the 14th century nearly 100 years before Christopher Columbus is credited with discovering the so-called "New World." If such a connection could be proven, it would lend credence to the many legends which suggest that the Ark of the Covenant and even the Holy Grail are among the sacred treasures buried on Oak Island. Tobi, being a 21st century Templar and a Templar historian, is really the man who can answer a lot of the questions that you guys have... Mm-hmm. ...about how the Templars relate to Oak Island. I-I don't know how... where to start. I mean, you know. You are a Knight Templar. You are a... It's amazing, isn't it? I had no idea. That-That is amazing. And-And Tobi, that's for sure, right there was a treasure, it's never been found those are sure things? There's... That's for... There's no speculation? Mm-hmm. That sounds right. Philip IV otherwise known as Philip the Fair ruled France from 1285 to 1314. He was a ruthless and ambitious monarch who, due to mounting debts, desired to possess the wealth of both French Jews and the Knights Templar. On Friday, October 13, 1307, Philip ordered the arrest of the Templars and burned many of them at the stake. I still don't see how it connects to Oak Island. Wait, wait, wait a second did you say there were Templar tombs on Oak Island? Right. There is a rock at the center of the cross that Nolan... You know, the-the stone cross? Mm-hmm. At the center there was no rock, so they dug, and buried just below the surface there is a rock, and it has a... what's been described as a sword. A possible Templar Tomb on Oak Island? In 1981, while surveying his Oak Island property, treasure hunter Fred Nolan discovered five large, cone-shaped boulders that formed a gigantic, perfectly symmetrical cross. After digging in the center, several feet down, Nolan unearthed a sixth boulder with what appeared to be a human face and the image of a sword carved into it. These boulders, now known as Nolan's Cross, could be the pivotal evidence that the Knights Templar buried something extraordinary on Oak Island. If you were gonna look for the treasure of the Knights Templar right now, today you would look on Oak Island? Today is an important day on Oak Island. This is the day Rick Lagina hopes he will discover the location of what many believe to be man-made flood tunnels that have prevented the Money Pit from being excavated. If successful, Rick and the team will then be able to dam up the tunnels and then begin digging 142 feet down to the mysterious wooden vault they discovered a few days ago. You get that pump started yet? Not yet. Let's have a little conversation first, figure out what... exactly what we're doing. You're gonna turn the key on, then you're gonna start it up, then you're gonna pull. Everybody's got to keep their heads in the game today, because we're only gonna have one shot at this. This really is a delicate dance, if you will. We need assets in the air, we need assets on the ground, we need someone to monitor the pump in 10-X, we need people in boats. In order to monitor the areas where the dye may be found seeping into the ocean, Rick has chartered a helicopter from a company in Halifax. On his direction, the teams stationed in boats will mark any areas where dye emerges with special buoys. You're gonna man the pumps. You and Jack are gonna be in one boat. You're gonna be on South Shore. Okay? Tony, you got the fast boat. The hope is there's maybe a new flood system, undisturbed. Everybody keep their heads in the game, everybody watch. Everybody knows what we're looking for. Eyes on target and-and we're off. She good? Good. Start it up, Rick. The three-inch pump Rick has set up will force more than 300 gallons of water per minute into 10-X. But based on dye tests conducted in the past, it could still take several hours for the dye to work its way through the so-called flood tunnels and seep into the ocean. Tell me if it's okay. We good? Yeah. Oh, wow. It's going quick. Where do you think it's gonna come up at? Well, I know it's gonna come up out four, three places here and three places on this side. You think it's still connected in Smith's Cove? Yep, yeah. Nothing has changed, Jack, since the last time we did this. Rick's hoping there's a third one over on that side, but... If you find it, then pretty much you can reverse-engineer it, which might give you an idea to how these were made as well. True. I didn't know this was a sterile operation, you needed rubber gloves on. For the test, Rick is using a nontoxic bright green dye that can color 120,000 gallons of water per pound. What color is that? Yellow green. The real unknown, of course, is when is the dye coming out? That's the real unknown. As long as everybody's in position, I think we'll be fine. But... you know, will some unknown factor enter into the equation? Probably. It's Oak Island. So, we're about to enter the most amazing church I've ever been in, which is the church here in Rennes-le-Château. There are some clues here that point to Oak Island. In their search for evidence that the treasures of the Knights Templar may be buried on Oak Island, Marty and Alex Lagina have arranged to visit the legendary church at Rennes-le-Château. When was this church built? The church had been built about 800 after Christ. It had been used as a chapel for the castle. And later dedicated to Mary Magdalene and used as a church for the village of Rennes-le-Château. For decades, the church at Rennes-le-Château has been the focus of intense mystery and speculation. There are even many who believe it marks the resting place of St. Mary Magdalene an early follower of Jesus of Nazareth. If, as Tobi and Kathleen believe, the treasures of the Knights Templar were once hidden in Rennes-le-Château and eventually moved across the ocean to Oak Island, could there be evidence in the church to prove their theory? There are no accidents in this church. Every inch of it is decorated with a very specific purpose. And some of that decoration, I believe, pertains to Oak Island and pertains to taking things to the West. One of those elements here is the inclusion of corn in this statue of John the Baptist baptizing Jesus. Corn? A large-grain plant native to North America? Why would a statue depicting Jesus' baptism feature a plant that was not known in Europe until the late 15th century? So this corn is obviously significant because, I mean, corn is not indigenous to this region. It would not have been around here. And certainly not at the time that this is depicting. Absolutely. Everything about it is anomalous. There certainly would have been no reason for there to have been corn included in a baptismal statue that was supposed to represent the holy land in the first century. And this points, at the end, westward to Oak Island. But you know what, that's kind of interesting. Are you familiar with the stone that was found in the Money Pit? That 90-foot stone with the inscription on it? We just had a conversation with a guy who thinks he found an alternate translation to it, and it involves corn. Really? Yeah. So that's a little interesting there. Yeah. What I'm going to show you today is a very advanced cipher, beyond reasonable doubt. During a recent visit to Oak Island, Swedish researcher Daniel Ronnstam presented Rick, Marty and the team with his theory that the carved symbols on the so-called 90-foot stone indicated a dual cipher. Using an ingenious decoding method, Ronnstam believes that the stone was meant to provide instructions for shutting off the ocean water that floods the Money Pit... and that the method involves the use of corn. With its high absorbency, a dry grain, like corn, would swell and seal up any booby-trapped flood tunnels. Could the inclusion of corn in this statue of Jesus' baptism really be a deliberate clue, not only linking Oak Island to the Cathar treasure, but also showing how to retrieve it? So the church in Rennes-le-Château is certainly one of the oddest Catholic churches I've ever been in, and I've been in quite a lot of Catholic churches. So it's a very strange church, and I think these things go deeper than our observations. I could keep you in this church all day, or for the next three days, because there's so much to see, but there's more out there. Yes. All right, let's go. Back on Oak Island, the dye test is well underway. While Rick Lagina looks for evidence from the air... diver Tony Sampson and veteran treasure hunter Dan Henskee, will watch Smith's Cove and Joudrey's Cove on the northeast side of the island. Okay, Dan, I think we'll just, um, we'll hang out in this area, see if we can see anything come up, until we hear from the guys on the other side, okay? On the south shore, Charles Barkhouse and Jack Begley are keeping an eye on the area where, in 1980, Dan Blankenship reported seeing a series of so-called "ice holes." Where's the search area in your mind, Charles? I only have a rough idea. Although the bright green dye has been pumped down 10-X for two hours now, no sign of it has appeared in the ocean. We have everything in position, and there's still that window, you know two more hours, give or take and we're still hopeful. You think they saw any dye on Smith's Cove? I sure hope so. I wonder if they've seen anything on the other side of the island. I didn't think it'd take so long, but... I had no idea. Yeah. I'm hoping that, uh, since the day is not over, we may still get lucky. As the day moved on and we weren't seeing dye, I think a little bit of frustration crept in. Doesn't look like we've seen anything else come up here. Nobody knows what's going on underground there, and, uh, channels can open up and channels can get closed off. I thought, okay, we need something, we need something here. No, man, we don't see a thing out here at all. No dye out there. Then Fred had an idea that maybe if we went up higher, we would get a different perspective. And as we were coming around the island, we both looked down and went, "Wait a minute!" What's that down there? You can see, it looks like green, uh, green coming out of there. Suddenly, Rick Lagina spots what appears to be a large patch of green water just off Smith's Cove. I saw green in the water there, so I was excited. You know, I was in a rush to get Tony over there. There! Right there! Is it possible that dye has started to emerge from one of the so-called flood tunnels? While conducting a dye test at Smith's Cove, Rick Lagina has spotted a large patch of green in the water. How is that for location, buddy? If the team can pinpoint the exact area where the dye is flowing out, they believe they can prevent ocean water from flooding not only 10-X but also the Money Pit. We see a slight green... greenish tinge to our port side. Copy? I was excited, but then Fred said, "Look, there's a sandbar there. There's-there's seaweed growing in there. And-and at... Then at that point, typical of Oak Island, you know, okay, we're seeing it and then the falloff to reality. The reality was it was actually, uh, seaweed. Unfortunately, now there is no sign of phosphorescent green dye anywhere. All we needed was for Oak Island to behave kindly for one time, just give us a win. But... didn't happen. With daylight waning and the helicopter running low on fuel, Rick Lagina is forced to call an end to the day's operation. Okay. Grab a seat, my friend. Yeah, and the rope. And the rope. It was troubling because we had followed the regimen that had achieved success in the past. So it begets several questions. Where did the water go? Why didn't we see dye out in the bay? What did we do wrong? And how can we fix it? So what'd we find, boss? A lot of... lot of water. But no green. No green water? No. We had everything in position. We thought everything was gonna go well, and it beat us. It's that simple. There's-there's no other way to categorize it. It beat us. The island won again. The island won again. Yep. After seeing extraordinary evidence linking the chapel at Rennes-le-Château with one of the theories concerning the Oak Island Money Pit, Marty and Alex Lagina, along with author and researcher Kathleen McGowan, have traveled to the medieval town of Alet-les-Bains, seven miles north of Rennes-le-Château, in search of additional information. These ruins here... Ah. ...date back from the ninth century. It was an abbey that was built here in the 800s, and it was built on top of an ancient temple. What we know here from local history is, the tradition says that the most sacred treasures of both the Christians and the Jews were held secretly in this abbey. So it's believed that the treasures were brought here. We're not the only people who believe that those treasures were here. The Nazis came here en masse in the '40s, looking for the Ark of the Covenant. During World War II, Adolf Hitler believed that if the Ark of the Covenant really existed and he could find it, then he would have the most powerful weapon in the world. Believing the ark was at Alet-les-Bains in France, the Nazis occupied the town and, according to some accounts, began a major excavation there. But could the simple reason they never found the ark be that it had already been moved to Oak Island centuries ago? And there's Tobi. Hey! I hope you haven't been waiting long. No, I only checked some e-mails. Aw, good. Good to see you. Good to see you. Hi. Hi, Tobi. Good to see you again. Bonjour. Where are we? We are here in the-the old thermes of Alet-les-Bains. And here you can see a very good picture of the symbolism of the village Alet-les-Bains. Because you'll see on top, you find a Templar cross. There's coming a flash down from the Templar cross, through angel wings, into a handshake. The Knights Templars had given their knowledge, their wisdom, from heaven, into a handshake. A handshake is a secret sign of the Freemasonry. Freemasonry? The worldwide society of builders that can trace its origins to the Knights Templar, the Rosicrucians, and even the Illuminati? Ever since the search for treasure on Oak Island began more than 200 years ago, Freemasons, from treasure hunters Frederick Blair and M.R. Chappell to Franklin D. Roosevelt, have played an important role. In fact, prominent symbols of Freemasonry like the letter G, which stands for the Grand Architect of the Universe, and the triangle or pyramid, which represents balance have been found on the island. Where does this Freemasonry symbol take us? For our purposes right now, this leads us to Scotland, which is where we need to go next. Why Scotland? Well, we're going to Scotland because after the persecution of the Templars in France, they took refuge in Scotland. The treasure went from here to Scotland. There is an extraordinary tradition of Freemasonry in Scotland and also some very, very solid connections that lead us directly back to Oak Island. Did the Knights Templar really take the sacred treasures they had rescued from the Cathars first to Scotland and then to Nova Scotia? If so, this might explain why there are so many connections between Oak Island and the Ancient Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. So Scotland's the next level. You ready? Yes, let's go. Let's go. Before we get hit by lightning. Well, I suppose, Dave, you want to know why you're up so early, right? Yeah. I mean, it's still freakin' dark out. It's the start of a new day on Oak Island, and Rick Lagina has asked Dave Blankenship and Charles Barkhouse to join him in the war room for an early morning conference call. They will be speaking with Marty and Alex, who are still in France. Hey, guys. How's it going? Morning. Bonjour. Okay. Whose brilliant idea was this anyway? It's still (bleep) dark here. I should be horizontal. I ain't getting horizontal with you. How you guys doing? You been, uh, making progress there? We did the dye test. All right, so what happened with the dye test? It's Oak Island. I'll preface it like that. Bottom line: it did not work. So what happened? We saw literally nothing, no way to pinpoint any of the supposed exit areas. We got no results. I don't know what to do about that. It's like Edison said. When they asked him, "Don't you feel bad you've... you haven't been able to make a lightbulb work?" And he said, "What do you mean? I've not failed. I found 462 things that don't work." And that... And he's right. That-that matters. Well, that's disappointing about the dye. You know, even-even though we... it's one of the few times where failure on Oak Island leads-leads us somewhere. Look, we need to get back into 10-X. 10-X might lead us to the Money Pit. I like the idea of getting a diver to go down there. That's fine. You know what, look, if that gets us to what... to an answer, I'm all for it. All right. Okay. Good. So, we're-we're... we finished up here in France. But here's the deal, this has been really, really cool, okay? This is great. The history here is compelling. I mean, we're chasing something here that is intriguing and a little bit more dramatic than I first thought when we bought an island off the coast of Nova Scotia. I'm quite impressed that you're impressed. There clearly was treasure here, multiple ones. Yeah. The ties to Oak Island are here. Supposedly, according to Kathleen, it all comes together in Scotland. The information that you currently possess really does lead us there? We want to have a look, and I don't... I don't want to do this without you guys. We need the team, put it that way. So you need to come. What do you say? Get thee to Scotland. It's exciting because I'm always chasing after him to tell him good news or to tell him, "Hey, you know, this is interesting. Let's look at this. Let's do this." Now he's calling me and saying, So heck, yes. Absolutely. I'm on a plane. You know, I wish Rick had come on the whole trip. Alex and I were seeing these really neat things and exciting things and intriguing things and old structures, and I thought, you know, when we go to Scotland, if this is really gonna come together, he needs to be there. We're in. One in, all in. Once in, forever in. See you there. That's all I got. Okay. We will be there. We'll be there. Let's go to Scotland. For Rick and Marty Lagina, this week has been both frustrating and encouraging. Even though the dye test failed to prove the existence of man-made flood tunnels, the brothers might still be on the verge of another incredible breakthrough, because they might not only discover where the treasure is but what it is and who buried it. A quest that has lasted more than 200 years and has already claimed the lives of six men might very soon be over. That is, if the Laginas can avoid the curse that says seven must die. Next time on The Curse of Oak Island... We're gonna see here in Scotland proof that the treasure went to Oak Island. We need to connect this to Oak Island. Prince Henry Sinclair in 1398 sailed to the New World. That will ultimately lead to the finding of the treasure. It's time to connect the dots. X marks the spot. There's a tunnel here, Jack. Yeah. I'm saying dig here. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 