The Curse of Oak Island: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Oak Island 
 s1e3 - Voices from the Grave - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Oak Island (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Voices from the Grave - full transcript 
 As Rick and Marty Lagina begin work to drain a mysterious swamp, they are visited by a woman who lost her father and brother to a tragic accident on Oak Island that gave rise to rumors of a deadly curse. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight, on The Curse of Oak Island... Someone's coming to visit the island. Her father and her brother died looking for the treasure. They were too close. Oh, God... I'm just afraid you might get stuck there. The spirit of a dead 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 priest had entered my body. I feel like I'm constantly looking over my shoulder. Like there's something watching you from behind. Yeah. Look out! Go! The is an island in the North Atlantic where men have been digging for more than 200 years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So far, they have uncovered tunnels, booby-traps, and carved stones with strange symbols, suggesting that something incredible must lie below. So far, six men have lost their lives trying to solve the mystery. And according to legend, one more will have to die before the secret is revealed. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk I guess we're all agreed, then, that what we want to do is plan the agenda. Okay. I think we need to prioritize what we're gonna do, and then have a backup plan, 'cause everybody knows whatever can go awry goes awry here. David is in charge of all the dangerous stuff, right? No, that's Rick's job. That's Rick's job? I'm just gonna throw rope on him. Six years ago, Marty Lagina-- along with his brother Rick-- purchased most of Oak Island in an attempt to solve the mystery once and for all. This started when I was a little boy at 11 and read the story of Oak Island. All of these questions, you know, that you could puzzle out and think through... that was, that was very attractive. So then this Oak Island thing became our thing that we always shared, which is how he's always done everything his whole life: he wants "us" to do it. The classic Rick was... to never give up. And usually sort of dragged me along with him, you know? So... so what? In the past few weeks, Rick, Marty and their partners have managed to find evidence of strange bits of metal embedded in rock... as deep down as 235 feet. Whoa, whoa. Is that the-the mother lode, right there? That looks like it. Yeah, yeah. But the big discovery so far... Yeah, there it is. ...is that a significant amount of coconut fiber was found more than 1,500 miles from the nearest coconut tree and dated to be more than 600 years old. It's believed that this coconut fiber was used as a kind of ancient filter, needed to keep sediment and debris out of the booby traps that flooded the Money Pit. Okay. I just want to bring everybody up to speed about the swamp. Fred Nolan tells us that there's some sort of plank thing in there. Did you see that? Well, there's no question about that, because like I say, when I was walking through the mud with a wetsuit on, you know, I'd take my foot and feel on the outside, and I could feel the circumference of the tree. I mean, they're pretty good size trees. Here's the swamp. Where do you say in the swamp... The deep part's right there. Yeah. Okay. All of this is shallow. The water is only maybe maximum five feet. If anyone knows Oak Island like the back of his hand, it's Dan Blankenship. Dan has been living on the island and looking for treasure here for nearly five decades. Although he was never able to fully explore the swamp, he claims to have found metal stake markers, wooden posts and-- perhaps most intriguing-- the stumps of old oak trees. Why is that significant? Oak trees cannot grow in water. And if stumps are down there, it could prove the theory that the swamp is man-made. Do you think that swamp is man-made? I always did. Well, there you go. If somebody created a swamp, they did it to hide something, right? I mean, you don't make a swamp for the hell of it. So we want to see what's there. We should get a sample of the tree trunks to get, um, tree dating on it to find out when they were cut down. That would limit certain theories of who planted it there. And when the water got there. Yep. Well, let's get to the bottom of it, then. Absolutely. According to some Oak Island theorists, the Money Pit never contained any treasure at all. It was nothing more than a ruse... a decoy designed to throw would-be treasure hunters off the track. They believe the real treasure vault lies buried much closer to the surface, and is hidden in plain sight. Is it possible that the swamp has been the key to solving the Oak Island mystery all along? Okay, guys, well, look. It's us against this island. This has thwarted 200 years' worth of people trying, but we're gonna... The island's winning. No, we're gonna win, David. Yeah? We're gonna win. This is the year. This is the year. All right. Let's go. Let's go do it. Hey, everybody out. We're gonna have a prelim meeting right here. Okay. Let's figure out what we're doing. Okay, we're going back in there. All of that stuff is coming out. All of it. This is the first one coming down. All right, it's laying that way. Which way you want to drop it? I will drop it that way. You watch and see. Well, my truck is there and I don't want it on the... in the bed of the truck. Don't worry about the truck. Oh! Kind of chilly? It's not deep, Rick. Oh... Before they can begin draining the swamp, Rick Lagina and the boys need to clear trees and brush so that pumps can be brought in. It's a very interesting bottom in here. It really is. Yeah? What's it like? Like, flat. Weird. We have known anomalies in the swamp area. There's several rock anomalies, flat, huge rocks. There's a line of stones, which may or may not be oriented towards the Money Pit. One of the reasons the swamp has been so difficult and dangerous to explore is that it's known to contain pockets of deadly hydrogen sulfide, or H2S, gas. Although colorless, it has a smell of rotten eggs, and naturally occurs when organic matter is broken down by bacteria. It is also highly flammable, and can even be explosive when trapped in small areas. You know the only reason why I'm doing this, Dave, don't you? Why? 'Cause this water stinks and I'm sitting in the front seat. Sitting right next to you. No, you ain't! Right? As far as what's in the swamp, there are some theories that are beyond belief: The Ark of the Covenant, the Holy Grail, the Shakespearean Folios. We don't know that these things are in the swamp. If they are, would it be amazing? You bet it would be. All right. You guys got it? I'm getting... We gotta... we gotta be pumping. Yep. I would just put 'em... just leave 'em there for now. Look out! Look out! Go! Look out! Look out! Go! Heads up. You think you're in the clear, and you're not. I mean, if the chainsaw's on, something's happening, and someone could get hurt. And God forbid if-if it were you two. I-I'd just, I-I'd leave this place. Stay conscious at all times of what's going on around you. Rick Lagina has a good reason to be concerned about safety on Oak Island. The island has been known to be a dangerous, and at times, deadly place. Since the original Money Pit was discovered on the island in 1795, six men have died violently while searching for treasure. The first of the deaths occurred in 1861, when one treasure hunter-- who was trying to remove the ocean water from the booby-trapped pit using a steam engine-- was scalded to death in a bizarre accident. His remains were never identified. In 1897, the island claimed its second victim when a treasure hunter named Maynard Kaiser fell to his death into the Money Pit. The island had now had its second taste of blood, and it wouldn't be long before it wanted more. Okay, guys, initially, we're gonna go off of Fred's map. This is Fred's survey map. Here's the area we want to explore right here, the swamp. Once the Oak Island swamp is drained, Rick and the team will be searching the bottom for anything unusual. Could they find additional rocks with strange carvings on them? Or perhaps a gateway into the original Money Pit? So it looks like, we're looking at this thing here? I mean, that's kind of... Lee Lamb. Uncle Rick, this must be for you. Oh, wow. Hello? Hi. How are you? The woman calling Rick is Lee Lamb. She is the daughter and the sister of two more Oak Island victims. Her father Robert Restall and her brother Robert Jr. were killed along with two others while working on Oak Island in August of 1965. Mm-hmm. Right. Great, we very much look forward to you coming. Okay, take care. Well, that was Lee Lamb, the Restalls' eldest daughter. You know, the anniversary of the tragedy's coming up, and you know, she has, you know, strong ties to the island, having lost her father and her older brother in the pit. When that happened, you said they were pretty close to finding something, or they thought so. They thought so. Hopefully, she can assist us. I believe she has information that is relevant to our present search, but, uh... Great, better get cleaned up then, I guess. Yeah, I'm excited. The arrival of Lee Lamb on Oak Island makes the notions of a deadly curse seem all the more real. It was a Reader's Digeststory about the Restalls' search for treasure printed just a few months before the tragedy that attracted island treasure hunter Dan Blankenship. It was this same article that fueled the childhood imagination of an 11-year-old boy named Rick Lagina. A coincidence? Or could it be that the Oak Island curse identifies and then lures its victims... in advance? Hello, Lee, Andrew. Dave. Oh, David! Hi! Come on in. Oh, Dan. Excuse me. So good to see you. Good to see you, too. Wonderful to see you. Rick, nice to meet you, Rick. Do you know this guy? What do you say, Andrew? Lee Lamb has brought with her Andrew DeMont, the only living survivor of the Restall tragedy. He has never shared the details of what happened on that August day nearly 50 years ago. Pete, let's you and I hop in the way back here. Okay. There's times when I've resented Oak Island, well, I've hated it for what it did, to take the men out of my life. And then my husband died a couple of months later. Oak Island started it all. I had the most perfect life. Nobody in my life had ever died before, before Oak Island. The curse of Oak Island is that things go very wrong. It's a strange place, it does strange things to people. I certainly believe in the curse and that there's some malevolent spirit on Oak Island, I really do. So, is that the remains of Hedden's Wharf? That's it. It's funny. My memory doesn't have that island so close. In 1965, Lee Lamb was a young woman living with her husband in Ontario, Canada. Although she was not on Oak Island when her father and brother were killed, she remains haunted by the tragedy to this day. Have you seen this? This is what Dan... No, I haven't. ...Dan Blankenship had put up. Where were you saying that the final pit was? It was close to this right here. In that area right there. Lee's father Robert and her mother Mildred Restall, worked together as motorcycle daredevils at county fairs and auto shows during the 1940s and '50s. Their act featured the notorious Globe of Death, where both reached speeds of 65 miles per hour, crisscrossing one another in a metal cage. If their timing had been off by even a fraction of a second, the consequences could have been deadly. With that kind of fearlessness, it's no wonder that Robert Restall was convinced he could solve the mystery of Oak Island. His conviction later became an obsession. In 1959, he, along with Mildred and their sons Robert Jr. and Ricky, began living on Oak Island while Robert and Bobby Jr. looked for treasure there. But on August 17, 1965, just as they thought they were getting close to solving the mystery, Robert stopped to check a 27- foot-deep treasure shaft when he was overcome by deadly H2S gas. He then fell straight down into four feet of water. His son and four other men jumped in to rescue him, but not before they, too, were overcome by the deadly gas that had filled the watery pit. After a frantic rescue effort, only two men came out of the hole alive. Oak Island had claimed four more souls, and Lee Lamb had lost both her father and her brother to the island's deadly curse. The memories, they are as plain as day. I can still see it. I heard cries. And everybody, of course, run to the pit to help. So, Cyril and I was together. The gas was so strong, that once you got to it, you know there was no going back up. It was like a pit, it was just nothing but a fog and an ugly stink and a smell and it was terrible. So, uh, on the way down, probably five feet, there was a big timber there stretched across the pit. Leonard Kaiser, somehow he got balanced just like this on a big timber so they got him right away. And, uh, Cyril and I proceeded to go down. Your brother had your father by the shoulders while he was yelling, he still had him by the shoulders out of the water. The last I remember, I had your brother by the shoulder. Mm-hmm. And, uh... And passed out. Oh, yeah, I was gone within seconds. So, they were still alive when you passed out. Just your brother. Your brother held on well, too. He must have been really strong because the gas... He was there way before we got there, right? Yeah. And he still had your father out of the water. I felt so bad 'cause we couldn't help. Oh, God. Okay. For me to stand there and be told by Andrew... how much, uh... had gone on that day... and to see the emotion in him. And he told me things that I didn't know. So, I was glad to hear that. I was glad to hear every piece of it. I just want to say thank you, Andrew. Oh, you're welcome. It's great to meet you guys. This isn't just about a treasure hunt. It's not just about finding something on Oak Island. It's bigger than that. Oak Island has reached its tentacles far beyond just Oak Island. It has affected numerous people's families financially, emotionally. Ruined lives. The Restall story, one thing it tells is, look, you have to be careful on Oak Island. There's danger here. Okay. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Oh, it's lovely out here. It's beautiful, isn't it? Nice breeze. Following her emotional visit to the scene of her father and brother's tragic deaths, Lee Lamb has asked Rick Lagina to meet with her one more time before she returns home. I just wanted a minute alone with you. I didn't want to make a big deal in front of people. Sure, mm-hmm. This is one of Bobby's maps. Lee Lamb has spent the decades since her father and brother's deaths gathering information about the Restall tragedy, and sharing it with those who have dared to follow in their footsteps. Now when we were on the island and that article came out that so tantalized all of you. (both laugh) Uh-huh, uh-huh. They were just buried in mail and requests and information... I mean, people ask how many feet it is to this, and whatever. So, Bobby made this map up to scale. This was helpful because an investor might, you know, find this helpful. Sure, sure. Now, there's one other thing, and I hope you'll study them, but I must have them back. This, this part is not a gift. Uh, I'm curious now, obviously. Log books? By... your father or Bobby? These are Bobby's journals. My father never wrote journals. Oh, my goodness. Bobby's the only one. So, in here... How old was he here? He was 18. 18. Yeah. Every day, too. Every day, every day. Wow. It's like history coming alive. The 1704 stone had been part of a buried man-made reservoir the Restalls uncovered at Smith's Cove that fed ocean water to the booby-trapped tunnels that flooded the Money Pit. Could 1704 be the year the Money Pit was constructed and the treasure buried on Oak Island? Here's September 22, 1960. This is exactly what we were talking about. According to Bobby Restall's journals, he and his father believed they were close to finding a so-called "mystery box" or vault that Jack Adams, a former caretaker on the island in the 1930s, claimed was buried underneath the water and muck of the Oak Island swamp. Of the numerous theories about Oak Island, many suggest that something of great value may have been buried on the island and then hidden at the bottom of a man-made swamp. Could this "mystery box" be proof that those theories are true? I have pictures of this, Rick. There's pictures of them working in the swamp, like, leaning over the water and probing with this big long pole. You know it would be, would be immensely helpful because then we-we have a way to reference what we're looking at. Okay, okay. Perhaps, one of the Restall expedition's greatest discoveries was made in the winter of 1962. According to his journals, Bobby and his father had discovered a spiral-shaped tunnel in the Money Pit, one that wound downward in a clockwise direction, approximately 104 feet below the island's surface. Could the "mystery box" in the swamp be somehow connected to this strange, corkscrew-like passageway? Perhaps as an entrance or gateway? For the next two and a half years, the Restalls worked day and night hoping to find a way into the strange tunnel and whatever might be hidden there. They believed they were on the verge of solving the mystery of Oak Island. Unfortunately, they would never live to prove it. I want you to look at this entry. Monday, August 16. That's Cave-in Pit, and he puts the day's date in for the next day, and that was the day they were killed. Wow. I just want to give you some advice. I've been so impressed with how much you respect the island. And, uh, uh, it's just that, that, I'm-I'm just afraid that you might get stuck there, you know. It becomes difficult to go day after day. I mean, are you suggesting that I stop working? No, no... (stammers) I-I just have a little trouble letting go of things. But I'm sorry, I-I know you'll understand. Sure, sure. You know what? I mean, we can't change this. We can't do anything about it, but I hope, perhaps, on the end of this book, you and I can fill in here, excuse me, that we finish. Yeah, finish the search. Let's make a promise. Okay. Thank you. Oh, you're welcome. Give us one big hug before you go. I've had so many hugs. I'm so spoiled. All right, a big hug. I'm not much of a hugger, but you-you know... You're getting good. I'm getting good. Lee Lamb is convinced her father and brother were close to making a major discovery before the accident that took their lives. Now that Rick Lagina and the other members of the Oak Island team are turning their attentions to the swamp, could history be repeating itself? And, if so, will the outcome be the same as it was on that August day in 1965? Hey, guys. What are we doing? Truck should be behind us. Okay. Pumps are gonna get offloaded down there. We're running hose up to the uplands. Flip the switch-- water, goes up there, swamp gets dried. All right. All the permits are in place. Swamp, water, dry. Finally, I get it. With all the government permits and permissions they need secured, Rick, Dave and the boys begin the process of draining the swamp. But it isn't going to be easy. Covering an area close to four and a half acres, the swamp holds approximately 3 million gallons of brackish water. Because of environmental laws, the team cannot simply pump the water into the nearby ocean, so they will have to move it from the swamp to another part of the island. To do this, they are going to use two 95 horsepower pumps and five miles of hose. Put four right here. Four? Yup. It's an operation that will take several days and cost tens of thousands of dollars before the team will be able to find out what might have been buried there hundreds of years ago. Male end toward the pumps, female end away from the pump. Mm-hmm. Now, this one is rolled perfect right, the right way so you plug it in and just unroll it. This is the male end, smaller and has the grooves for the female end to clamp in on it. Make sure you got the rubber in it. Yeah. Got to have a rubber. Yep. We don't want a bunch of baby hoses running around. (all laugh) We'll take both hoses about 30 feet up that road. Yeah, and then take them that way. One will go over and one'll go across. Is that gonna work or has it got a twist in it? No, that's right. I'm too old for this. Well, looks like you're gonna come up a little short. Do they get heavy after about the 50th one or so? Yes, they're heavy right now. We've always wanted to drain the swamp for one simple reason. It's never been done before. There we go. Now we've only got 98 more. As far as what we expect to find, I don't know. And that's what's so exciting. The unknown is always exciting. So, as soon as we start the draining of this swamp, then we'll find out the answer. Think she's gonna work, Dan? You know, it'll certainly fill the hoses with water, I mean... A self-proclaimed hermit, Dan Henskee has been searching for treasure on Oak Island for nearly 50 years. He is also firmly convinced that the island is haunted, and that the legends about a deadly curse are all too true. While helping Dan and Dave Blankenship dig Borehole 10-X back in the 1970s, Dan often complained of having a series of nightmares. Nightmares that nearly scared him to death. Back in 1973, an experience happened to me, which was quite strange. It involved what appeared to be possession by a spirit of someone long dead. I thought that the spirit of a dead priest had entered my body and that the priest had his throat cut. I do remember falling down, feeling that I was experiencing the death of this person. I don't actually know if what's happened to me on Oak Island was real or imaginary, there is this long-standing legend about pirates killing somebody in such a way that the spirit of the dead person would guard the treasure forever, or until the pirates came back and got it themselves. Could Dan Henskee's belief that his soul was possessed by a murdered priest simply be dismissed as a strange hallucination? Or is it possible that there really are dark forces on Oak Island? Forces that guard the secrets of the island and protect whatever it is that is buried there? Some say the first instance of something not quite right about the island was the evening in 1795 when 18-year-old Daniel McGinnis spotted three strange green lights that eventually lured him and two of his friends across the bay to the area where they would discover the Money Pit. Since then, other eerie encounters have been documented from sightings of the ghosts of 18th century British troops to those who believe the ravens on the island are actually possessed by the souls of the slaves who dug the treasure tunnels hundreds of years ago. Before they drain the swamp, Rick and Marty Lagina have invited a group of paranormal investigators to join them in an effort to find out if the Oak Island legends about ghosts and curses have any basis in fact. We've had lots of, uh, different experiences here. Linda's brought some pictures for you guys to see. Great. This was the first one that I had taken at 10-X, and wasn't really sure what this was, so I zoomed in on it. Let me see that. Still not really sure what it is. Looks like a skull, doesn't it? We try to debunk as much as we can. Once we can't debunk it anymore, then it's just kind of left unexplained. Well, let me ask you a question: you do this all over the place, right? Mm-hmm. Is this place different? Yeah. There's a mystery and an aura. There's an energy to it. Yeah, there is. Some of you play the... the skeptic. Harold's a skeptic. Yeah, and I did hear what we thought were footsteps. I was down by the swamp area. Over to my right side, I could hear these footsteps. And I was shining the light in the swamp, expecting to turn around and-and see somebody there, but there was nothing. We got a bogeyman. The investigators lead Marty, Rick and the team to the swamp... one of the places where many of them have experienced strange, unexplained phenomena. Well, out of all the spots on the island, this is the spot that I get creeped out the most in. I actually don't even really like being down here. Can you articulate why you don't like it here? It's... it's just the energy that's down here. Um, it's focused on these trees over here. We intend to do extensive work here in the swamp, looking for clues to what happened. Who knows what that activity will engage? So you're going to make it creepier for me, is what you're saying. Yes, yes. We're good to start voice recorders. Start at 8:00. We have our K2s. One of the little green lights light up, there's five little indicator lights on it. So what does that read? Electromagnetic? Yeah, any energy or power sources. There are those who believe that if something really is buried on Oak Island, it is something best left undisturbed. I feel very, very creeped out and uncomfortable, like I'm constantly looking over my shoulder. Um... Like there's something watching. Watching you from behind. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Oh. We got a hit on the K2. That's a big hit. Yeah, that's a big one. What exactly have the researchers on Oak Island encountered? Could it be just a simple mechanical malfunction? Or is it something much more profound? That is an indication that there is something here trying to communicate with us. Is the curse valid? I don't know. Do strange things happen on Oak Island? Yes, they do. There's another hit there. I'm not a big believer in curses. You know, it seems like there's a pile of stuff that happens. But no. Honestly, in my heart, I don't believe it's the Oak Island curse. We would like to get more gear. But, you know... We don't want to hinder the search progress, but I-I think we can cooperate. Sounds great. Did Rick and Marty Lagina just experience one of the mysterious forces that are rumored to exist on Oak Island? Perhaps. But that isn't enough to prevent them from trying to solve the 200-year-old mystery. They've invested too many years-- and too much money-- to stop now. ♪ ♪ After the strange incident that happened at the swamp the night before, Rick, Marty and the Oak Island team meet one last time before they begin their biggest and possibly most challenging operation so far: the draining of the swamp. I just want to talk about... Okay, when we drain the swamp, what are we going to do? I mean, what are we looking for? How are we gonna look for it? Well, we're looking... If we start in this corner of the swamp... That's where our pump is, basically, right? Right. So we were probing in this general vicinity and we came upon... You can describe it. A smooth rock. As smooth as this table with no silt on it, no nothing. About three by eight feet. That was two years ago. We looked last year. We couldn't find it. Again. Dan also claimed there was a tunnel from the ocean to the swamp. I mean, you're looking at the Money Pit. Maybe there's a shaft. They had to have a way to introduce air down to those lower depths. Smooth stone structures? Tunnels into the Money Pit from the ocean? Could these findings be connected to Bobby Restall's journal entries about a "mystery box" and strange, corkscrew-like tunnels? Okay, which brings me to the last thing I have, then. What about safety? We know there's poison gas on this island. H2S will kill you very quickly, basically paralyzes you. So... Right. We're going to be pumping the swamp down, we're going to be in a low-lying area. Yes. I mean, usually the ocean breezes will keep the air moving, we should be fine, but... Yeah, well... look, though, but it's dangerous. How much concentration are we going to get in... being in such a big area? It... David, it can... it can be really... It can behave really weirdly. On a calm day, it could pool, right? Yeah, it pools up. But that's just it. I-I would like to see us have part per million detectors. The reason we know about this is it's a common contaminant in natural gas. And at concentrations that'll kill you so quickly you can't... One breath. One breath and you're dead. It paralyzes you. Yeah, you're paralyzed. And the other insidious thing about it is that at higher concentrations it-it deadens the olfactory cells in your nose. So you're going along and you're saying, "Oh, man, that stinks, so there's gas but I'm still okay." Then all of a sudden you don't smell it again. And then about ten seconds later, you're dead. You think you're good. It's very important. And it sounds insignificant, but no one goes in there alone. Ever. I'll accept that. David can speak to that. If it's going to go wrong, it's going to go wrong. On that note... Okay, let's go. Let's call this meeting. All right, everybody out. Let's get the hose in the water and get after it. If Rick and Marty can successfully drain the swamp, they could discover what might be the final piece in a 200-year-old puzzle. But will solving the Oak Island mystery really be the end of the story? Or only the beginning? All the previous searchers, the early discoverers, the early explorers came with a sense of "I can solve what's unsolvable." More so than, I think, the singular pursuit of treasure. I think that's what has driven a lot of people to this island. I'm not... I'm not thinking I'm the guy to do it, necessarily. I'm thinking he's the guy to do it. Well, I have no intention of failing. See? Keep going, Rick. We believe in you! How cold is that water, by the way, big brother? It's not fun. No, I'll bet not. All right. Okay. Start it up. Let's go. There it goes. Yeah, I want to see the discharge point. Yeah-hey! High five! The swamp is actually being drained. Rick, Marty and the other members of their team are within hours of finding out whether the Oak Island swamp hides the key to solving a 200-year-old mystery. Could it really be a gateway to a vast underground labyrinth of tunnels and treasure vaults? Or will it lead to a dead end? And what of the legend that seven must die in pursuit of the treasure before it can ever be found? So far, six men have lost their lives in pursuit of a dream. A dream that became an obsession. But was it the island that claimed these souls? Or was it their own blind desire to go farther and deeper than man was ever meant to go? And if so, who will be next? Who will be the next victim of the curse of Oak Island? Next time, on The Curse of Oak Island... I found a treasure map leading to Oak Island. It is concealed in codes in the manuscripts of William Shakespeare. And it also tells you what the treasure is. You believe that the menorah from the Temple of Solomon could be buried on Oak Island? Yeah, basically. I'm actually getting multiple signals. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 