The Curse of Oak Island: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Oak Island 
 s1e1 - What Lies Below - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Oak Island (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - What Lies Below - full transcript 
 Brothers Rick and Marty Lagina now own most of the mysterious Oak Island. Determined to resurrect the 200 year old search for treasure, they explore an abandoned shaft called 10-X. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Somewhere around here... Yeah, there it is. Is this the spot... where they died? Well, that's what I was asking Dan. You know, the shaft that the Restalls died in... Yeah? Do you know where that 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is? Uh, there may be some pictures from 1965, cause there's news coverage. In February 2013, brothers Rick and Marty Lagina traveled from Michigan to an island in the North Atlantic, in an attempt to solve a 200- year-old mystery. Several generations of people 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 spent an enormous amount of money, risked life and limb, and died, looking for something here on Oak Island. There's been a constant history of people doing that. I mean, it seems like each person or group that gets involved just doesn't give up until they either die or they go bankrupt. There's the famous Oak Island legend-- six people have died, then a seventh has to die... In search of the treasure. In search of the treasure. And that's when all will be revealed. When I was 11 years old, I read the story of Oak Island and I was hooked, and brought it home and read it to my brother. Yeah, he shows it to me and of course it had all the things people like-- treasure, mystery, booby traps. It had all the stuff that interests a kid. Adventure. Yeah, it's your big brother talking to you, too, you know, and he knows, he's... look what he's found, you know, wow, this is gonna be great! 200 years ago, some kids find an interesting spot on Oak Island off the shore of Nova Scotia. They dig. They find some stones laid in, they find some planks, things that would have to be man-made. So they're sure they're onto something. It was the end of the piracy era, right? So everybody's thinking buried treasure. No matter how deep they get, they keep finding more planks that appear to be concealing something. They give up at about 20 feet deep because they're digging by hand. Then a succession of people come back and they keep digging. They find more platforms every 10 feet. They find more odd stuff. A bit of chain, all kinds of wood that shouldn't be there. Down about 90 feet they find a stone that's inscribed with strange engravings. Finally, someone else comes in and they find that the shaft was actually booby-trapped, that there's a flood tunnel to the ocean and, all of a sudden, water floods it. So then different people keep trying and trying, mining engineers, business people. President Franklin Roosevelt was involved. John Wayne was involved. Everyone wanted to get down to the bottom of this so-called Money Pit. As each successive treasure seeker goes through the years, they kept finding things that kept them going. Each time, it appears like there's more and more evidence of man-made formations underground. One of the participants noticed this little pea-sized little round ball, and he unfurled it, and it turned out to be a little piece of parchment with an inscribed "VI" on it. And we're leaving out coconut fiber. There's been... Massive amounts of coconut fiber. Yeah, I mean, what the hell's that doing on Oak Island? We wanted to know what really happened. There's all kinds of theories. Certain people say that it's Knights Templar treasure. Another theory is that it's something from the Spanish plundering of the New World, and then there's some people who credibly believe that it's the lost manuscripts of Shakespeare. But the real core of the Oak Island story is who, why, when, where, how-- that's what really got me, that's... for me... I was more interested in the treasure. I woke up this morning thinking: this is kind of a big task. Yeah! I'm a little daunted this morning. Today, if we find something man-made at depth that we can definitively date prior to-- give me a number-- 1790, then. Go with 1800. All right, 1800. Then we've got something nobody else has gotten. Yet. There's the rig. Can we actually get into the second riser pipe from the same direction? It's kind of a trial and error thing to try to see which one's gonna work the best for the scenario, right? Personally, for me, this is the opportunity of, literally, a lifetime. You know, Dan really wants to go back up there. I worked for the Postal Service in the US and just retired. Maybe do that hillside by the Triton shaft? Yeah. Hopefully now I can devote full time to the study of the Oak Island mystery. I think as long as we drill anywhere in this vicinity here, I think we're fine. I've been in the energy business for 35 years. Let's get to it. I started a company. We drilled a lot of oil and gas. In oil and gas, you're looking for giant geologic formations underground, so we think we might be able to adapt some of those techniques to help us here. You know, we should be doing this in ... August and July when we're not freezing our ... ... off. Whose bright idea was this anyway? Well, you gotta do 'er when you gotta do 'er, you know? All right, what do we got? That's just cuttings-- I don't see anything. Can you get another one? Yep. How much money do we have invested in this? We have millions of dollars invested in this. Which we will recoup at some point. Rick, he's a hopeless romantic. I mean, my brother is driven by ideals. There's right and there's wrong. Honor without question. Bring you another one. He would have made the ultimate Roman Centurion. He would've gone in and did what he had to do. How deep? 155. We disagree less about course of action and more about likelihood of what the outcome is. This gets tedious, you know? Looking through drill cuttings. Skepticism on my brother's part plays into it. You always need a foil to bounce something off of. There's some anhydrate in there right there. No, you're not, you're not to bedrock yet. From a purely business standpoint, I'm not sure this is a good investment. By the time he drives that bar down we're gonna be at about 170. But it's not just an economic investment. I'm motivated by curiosity, I'm motivated by the hunt, I'm motivated by doing something with my brother that he's always dreamed about doing. It's about family, it's about love. And I love my brother. I mean, I wouldn't want anybody in this with me other than him. 165. Okay. If, at some point, we're not successful, we know we tried together. Whoa, whoa. Here's something. Something, Rick. Whoa! Whoa! Pottery. That's significant, man! Is there more of that? If we can date this to before 1800, we've got our proof. Hey, guys. We're almost there. Oak Island. Although the test results on the pottery they found were inconclusive, Rick and Marty Lagina have returned to Oak Island, determined to find out if the tales of buried treasure are true. Where we going? 10-X, right? 10-X. 10-X. Let's go. Six years ago, they bought a controlling interest in the corporation that owns most of Oak Island. We can go down that road now, right? We have access there, yes. Since then, they have spent thousands of hours doing research... securing permissions... and making plans to conduct the most extensive and scientifically-based exploration of the island in more than 200 years. What's the deal, Rick? We're either gonna come back with our shields held in triumph or dead on them, right? Isn't that your centurion analogy? Oh, no, that's Spartan. That's Spartan. Yes. Okay. Here we are. Fabled borehole 10-X. 10-X. Located just 180 feet away from the site of the original Money Pit-- it was dug by hand, 40 years ago, to a depth of 235 feet, by island resident Dan Blankenship. Dan hoped he could avoid the booby traps that flooded the Money Pit in the early 1800s. With the help of his son Dave and another local treasure hunter, Dan Henskee, Dan lined the eight foot wide hole with steel cut from old railroad tankers. But at a depth of 90 feet, one of the metal casings collapsed and nearly crushed Dan to death. His son David rescued him in the nick of time. Eventually, 10-X flooded, too, and Dan later abandoned it when he ran out of money. But not before he took this amazing video of what he saw down there. When he examined it closely, Dan was convinced he could identify wooden beams... antique tools... tunnels... and what appeared to be treasure chests. On another dive, he thought he saw the remains of a dead body, remarkably preserved in the frigid waters that lie at the bottom of the 235-foot hole. Could that evidence still be down there, some 30 years later? (laughter) Ah, here comes David. Speed Racer. Dave Blankenship has lived and worked on or near Oak Island for more than 40 years. He came up here back in the 1970s to help his father Dan dig 10-X. He never left. Nice ride. Did you do a little four-wheeling today, David? Yeah, right. All right. Let's get to work. David's a great guy. He had an accident, and he's disabled on one side somewhat. But he still can outwork any three guys because David has, basically, done physical work his whole life. You know, work to him means you get out there and start shoveling, you get out there you start welding. Okay. Grab those heavy ones. Come on, Rick! Are you excited? Yeah, let's go. Come on, get it over here. This has got to be the monitor. Craig Tester is my long-time business partner. We went to engineering school together, we both learned the oil business independently... Here are the instructions... We got back together, company, and he brought along his son Jack, he's going to help us with the brute work out on the island. My brother and I want to see if these stories about strange caverns and tunnels are true, so the first thing we're gonna do is send this robotic camera down 10-X and see just what the heck is down there. This is the camera. Oh, yeah. Look at that. He's saying hello to you. No, that's a beauty, isn't it? The camera is the Spectrum 90-- a high-def robotic camera that has been tested to withstand depths of 1,000 feet. This head must spin off of here for panning. It will allow Rick and Marty to pan, tilt, zoom, and enlarge images to as much as 40 times their size. All right, we ready? Go find us something. His name is Probert the probe. Come on, baby. Go find it. Are you recording? Start? Sure. Yup, we're about to hit. It's right about to touch the water. There's a very strong connection between Borehole 10-X and the Money Pit. We pump air down one, bubbles come up in the other. And also, those are the only two holes that have salt water on top of fresh water. That doesn't usually happen, which means there has to be some kind of extraordinary way that it got there. Splashdown. We're at 90 feet. What are you seeing? It's kind of dirty. Any mermaids? No mermaids. Let's go to bottom. We're at 181. The bottom's got to be pretty doggone close. Oh, oh, whoa, whoa! Rick, why don't you come look at this. What's, uh... Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop! Just, yeah, hold it. There's something here. (bird cawing) What did Rick, Marty and their fellow treasure hunters find at the bottom of borehole 10-X? Go ahead and pan it around. Could it be one of the keys they need to help them solve the 200-year-old mystery of Oak Island? Let's pull up three feet and do a spin-around. Evidence of man-made structures? Antique tools? Treasure chests? Whatever it is, it's exciting enough for Rick and Marty to share with the man who dug 10-X almost 40 years ago-- Dan Blankenship. Hopefully, he's as excited as we are. (knocking on door) We might have to... Oh, no. I see him now. Hello. Hey, Daniel. Marty and Rick. How are you doing, sir? Good. Good to see you. Great to see you. Good to see you always. Good to be seen, right? Oh, yeah. Well, after a fashion. Hey, we've got some footage from 10-X that we want you to look at. I'd like to bring you over to this meeting room we got. It's pretty exciting. I'd very much like to see it. Okay, great, Dan. To Rick and Marty Lagina, Dan is something of a living legend. He's the type of man other men call "tough as nails." Dan's 90 years old now, but in his younger days, he was known to be able to clear out an entire bar with just his bare fists. 20 years ago, he looked just like that. Incredible. That's him in the dive suit? That's Dan. That's Dan. That's the suit he wore when he dove in 10-X? That's 10-X right there. You wouldn't catch me in that dive suit going down that hole. Brave stuff. Hey, Daniel. You ready to go? Ready as I'll ever be. Perfect. Let's go. Rick, Marty and Dan head over to Dave Blankenship's house, where the Laginas have set up what they call The War Room. Here the team plans strategy, as well as reviewing and analyzing the results of each day's progress. Right now, the subject is the material they shot at the bottom of 10-X... Here's how I think we go... A place Dan Blankenship hasn't laid eyes on since he last climbed down the 235-foot hole more than 30 years ago. Okay. I think we have something we can talk about here. What we ought to do is go ahead and look at the films we took, and then I'd love Dan's comments. All right? How's that sound? Okay. Sounds good. Play it Rick. We'll watch it right now. There you go. All right, we're going down. When Dan was watching it, you could see him actually reinvest himself in the process, reconnecting with 40 years ago. I honestly think that could be the top of what I say is a tunnel there. I've spent six years with Dan, and I've watched time take its toll-- the passing of his wife-- but in that moment, you could see him just kind of lean forward in the chair, and he was back in 10-X again. What depth is that? There's that damn anchor or something there. Back in the 70's, Dan had seen what he to this day believes were treasure chests down there. So he's standing on this rock, he's convinced that 30 feet below him are chests-- he can't get them. I mean, that'd be maddening. What's that? That. Wait till you see the top of it. The top of it is what's really weird. It looks like it goes into the roof. We're gonna follow it up. Could the strange vertical object at the bottom of 10-X be an ancient support beam, one left there by the builders of the alleged treasure tunnels? What the hell happened? What the heck was that? What's going on, Jack? I don't know. We're not getting any video. It didn't record. N.F.G. Wait a sec-- whoa, whoa, everybody, whoa. What's going on here? What's going on here? What happened to our screen? They're not opening. They're not playing. They're at zero, zero, zero, zero time. Low-tech men in a high-tech world. You're not going to be able to see anything, Marty. Oh, man. All of a sudden-- poof-- like many things about Oak Island, it's there, and then it's gone. Is it the Oak Island curse? I don't know. It showed we had an hour's worth of recording left when we quit. In other words, you have another roll? Yes, but we can't find it. Oak Island. Oak Island. Where's my definitive proof? I want proof. Losing the footage from the bottom of 10-X is a frustrating setback for the Oak Island team. But for Marty, the footage is replaceable-- time and money are not. He and his brother have to keep going. Where do you want it? Right here. Right here? Yeah, right here. Their ultimate goal is to re-excavate the original Money Pit. Can you hop out and take a look? I'll show you where we want it. But because of all the previous excavations and blasting that have been done over the years, the cost of doing that is estimated to be in the millions of dollars. Right about right in there. That would be all right, wouldn't it? Yep. And Marty isn't going to come up with that kind of money, unless they find proof-- something substantial, that means that the legends about Oak Island are true. We want to get down to the bottom of borehole 10-X. Looks good right there. So I'm convinced we need to pump water out of there and try and bring up with the water all the stuff that's down in that cavity. Are we cutting a hole in the side of this thing? We're gonna use this as a sedimentation tank. If Dan Blankenship's reports of antique tools and chests are correct, Marty and Rick are going to try and force evidence of them to the surface with the aid of an old oil drilling technique. The process goes like this-- the driller drills down into the cavity that we know is below 10-X. Then he runs some casing down into it, too. Then he has a very high-velocity air pump. He'll pump high-pressure air down into those casings, which will then come back up, bringing with the air, water and all the bits of things that are down there in that cavity. Those things go into the sediment tank, it settles there, the bits and pieces go to the bottom, water goes off down into the ocean. Good with that? There's two quests here, right? The big quest for the treasure, and my quest to be convinced that there's really something here worth looking for. Why do people think there's treasure or something of great value buried deep below the surface of Oak Island? Back in the 1800s-- shortly after a large stone slab was discovered in the Money Pit at a depth of 90 feet, the strange markings on the stone were translated using a simple deciphering code. It read, "Forty feet below... two million pounds are buried." But some now believe the code used was more complex and gave secret instructions for shutting off the water to the booby-trapped flood tunnels. Although the stone mysteriously disappeared in 1919-- and no pictures or rubbings of it have ever been found-- it was all the evidence treasure hunters needed to keep digging... nearly 200 years later. You sure this isn't gonna be a safety issue here? No, it's not. Huh? I'm positive. If you get electrocuted... Bare wire and it means absolutely nothing. Why don't we tape that? It goes bzzz!-- and I only been welding for about 20 years, so it doesn't bother me any. You want to tape it? Tape it, I don't care one way or the other. You got tape? Nope. So we ain't gonna tape it. If you get hurt, I won't feel a thing. That's my one piece of advice today. Whose idea is this? Ours. Pretty damn good. This is what you're gonna use when you pump out the sediment? Yes. Dan Blankenship and Rick Lagina share a special bond. They are united in their determination to solve this 200-year-old mystery. Incredibly, both men were inspired by the same article about Oak Island that was printed in the Reader's Digest in 1965. Dan was a successful building contractor living in Florida, Rick was an 11-year-old kid growing up in northern Michigan. But that's all it took to fuel their imaginations. And the fire hasn't gone out since. You're only gonna get one shot. And we're hoping it'll be successful. You don't do things half-assed on Oak Island. Exactly, exactly. You'll get screwed every ... time. You're not going to try and close up that... Yeah, yeah. Take a break for a minute. Well, we trying just to get this thing finished. Mom would be happy getting it over with. She wanted it done. Yes, she did. She put in a lot of time on the island. Yep. Hopefully we can finish it now. I don't have a reputation for giving up. Go ahead, pull it. Here's where we're at. Everything's in place. Let's get it done. You're hoping against hope that nothing goes wrong, and then the water-- you hear the "whoosh"-- and you think, "Okay, we're five minutes from finally getting answers." It's going great. Never say that on Oak Island. Oh, yeah. It's going okay. You ain't done nothing yet. Nothing. Look. No water. Nothing. Hit the air! Let's go! Watch it! Watch it! Whoo! Marty, Rick and their Oak Island partners have begun pumping ocean water and debris out of 10-X. If successful, they will collect objects that lie at the bottom of the 235-foot shaft. But will it be pirate gold? Treasures from the days of the Knights Templar? Or will they find the human remains Dan Blankenship insists he saw when he was last down there 30 years ago? We got a little rig here, and we're trying to use airlift to get some of the cuttings and silt and stuff out of there. We're gonna use that old Dumpster that we're rigging up as a settling tank to make sure that when this airlift occurs, anything solid coming out of there will fall to the bottom before the water drains off down into the ocean. Oh, my God. That ... stinks. It's like offshore drilling, 'cause we're drilling in 140 feet of water and 40 feet of air. It's almost trickier than offshore drilling. There's seawater that floods 10-X and floods the Money Pit. And that's very strange, geologically, because when you drill wells on Oak Island you find fresh water. Tell you what, some pretty dirty water. So, those are the only two holes that have salt water. All the other wells around that are drilled to a similar depth have fresh water in them, and that's very suspicious. Salt water? From the ocean? Could the stories of elaborate booby traps using ocean water to protect the treasure vaults be true? You know what? I don't think we're down far enough. Huh? I don't think we're far down enough. There's nothing coming up. Rick, we're only just starting. We're not down far enough. Patience. Relax. Just gonna see if the water works. You mean if it's draining out? Yeah. Well, I don't know if we're that high yet. Yeah, we're that far away. We only put a two-inch hole in the sediment catcher because we wanted the water to drain slower than it was coming in, so that there would be some settling time. Unfortunately, I think we're too slow. And we could reach a point where we might actually need to increase our ability to eject water out of that thing faster. Whoo! Good time to come over. It just boom! As far as the sediment tank, we knew there was gonna be timing issues in terms of the volumes of water. So, I went down to Smith's Cove to check the drain hose to see if it was operating properly. Everything worked perfectly, just had to maneuver it a little bit, but so far, so good. Smith's Cove. A stretch of rocky beach located just about 500 feet from the original Money Pit. It doesn't look like much except for one strange thing-- Smith's Cove is man-made. But why? One widely-held theory is that Smith's Cove is where five stone box drains-- like fingers on a hand-- were built centuries ago. Drains that supplied ocean water to the booby traps that flooded the Money Pit and, later, also flooded 10-X. Who built them? No one knows. What the hell? What the hell's that? I come to the end of the beach, and I look up and there's this-- I don't know any other way to describe it-- it looked like an elephant tusk coming out of the water. Holy ... Yeah, Rick! I'm down at Smith's Cove and it's low tide and there's real curiosities down here. Give Charles a call real quick. Dan Henskee, too. Yeah, all right. I'll see if I can find them. Good, be right down. Be right there. Yep. Dan! Charles! Can you come here a sec? Rick just said he's found something. It's ultra low tide... I called in Charles Barkhouse who's very versed on the history, and Dan Henskee who worked on the island for 30 years as Dan's helper. See that? You ever see that? No. I've never seen that. Amazing how fast the tide comes in. That was above water a minute ago? Yeah. Look at this. Give it a tug, big brother. I've never seen this before. Never have either. As many times I've been in Smith's Cove, I've never seen that. Been here a lot, too, and I've never seen it. A wooden tusk... sticking straight out of the water? But how did it get here? Is it a natural formation? A marker? Or could it be a booby trap, meant to puncture the hull of any boats that came ashore looking to steal Oak Island's mysterious bounty. According to historical records, the waters near Oak Island were frequently visited in the 1500 and 1600s by Portuguese, Spanish, English and Scottish explorers, during their trips to the New World. It was also known to have been a haven for pirates, like Captain Kidd, as late as the 18th century. Could it be that some of them hid a percentage of their plunder on the island? It's just one theory among many on an island that knows how to keep its secrets. This thing rises out of the water one week after we've been here. Like that? The island is giving us the finger. Is that what's going on here? I mean, that is just bizarre. It was like the island was taunting us. Here's piece of what might be here. Explain it for yourselves. What's it trying to tell us? Well, we may have to do some diving to see what else is out there. After finding the strange wooden tusk sticking out of the water at Smith's Cove, Marty Lagina has decided to explore the waters in the area, and has invited his 27 year-old son Alex, an experienced diver, to join him. So, hey, what's going on, what are we doing? Well, we're going to be diving on some interesting stuff; stuff that was found by side-scan sonar and never checked out. How's Rick doing? Rick is doing great in the sense that he's on Oak Island and he's digging at the mystery, but I think he's sort of frustrated by the rate of progress so far-- but we're going to keep working at this until we find that definitive proof or the treasure itself. That's the plan. There it is. Wow, look at that. Okay. Here's where you're going to spend the rest of your summer. Hopefully, not the rest of my life. Okay, here we are. That's Jordan's rig. Hey, Jack! Hey, Jack! Hey, Alex. It's been awhile. How are you doing? Good to see you. Alex. Good to see you. It's been a long time. Alex. David Blankenship. Hey, David, I'm Alex. Nice to meet you. What's going on up here? We're evacuating 10-X. We're rigged up to airlift out of the cavity. We got a sediment tank back there. A discharge chute down to Smith's Cove. It's just a time thing now. Pump the rest of the day. Check the sediment level. Eventually, we'll pump that down, and then we'll get a metal detector. We'll metal detect it first and then we're just going to have to slowly work our way through that sediment pile. And now, with you here, we can get on a boat tomorrow and find out what's really going on at Smith's Cove. That's what we're going to start with? Yeah. >> MAN: Hey, welcome aboard! Good to see you. How are you, skipper? Okay, here's the deal: We're going to look at Oak Island from the water. I don't know if you've ever seen it from the water, have you? You know what, I don't think I have. I haven't seen it from the water, either. First time for everything. See that? Whose house is that? Fred Nolan. Who is that? Fred's a treasure hunter, same as Dan, but they've had an ongoing contentious relationship over 48 years. Ask David. They don't believe each other. And they don't like each other. 'Cause they're trying to beat each other to the treasure? Mm-hmm. So they maybe even try to mislead each other. That laugh speaks volumes. Yeah. In 1981, Oak Island treasure hunter Fred Nolan noticed five large, cone-shaped boulders on his Oak Island property. After measuring the distance between them, he discovered they formed a perfectly symmetrical cross-- 720 by 867 feet. Even more astonishing, at the intersection of the arms of the cross, Nolan unearthed a sixth large boulder with a human face carved into it. Although digging beneath the other boulders produced nothing conclusive, the cross itself is thought to be a clue-- one of many that suggest that what lies buried on Oak Island might very well be a priceless religious artifact. So, we'll move up the beach. Alex, where's that map? Right here. Okay. These are real locations that are very interesting which you guys can dive on. See this? This square-shaped object right here? That's what I think we should dive on, but there are all kinds of strange anomalies on here. There it is. Smith's Cove. Smith's Cove. Where everything started. Let's have a look at it. That's where the so-called box drains were. And the flood tunnel over to the Money Pit, if it exists or existed, originated there. That area, Dan believes, that maybe, just maybe there are still remnants of the artificial beach. One of the five fingers of the drain might still be partially intact. To prove that the water that flooded the Money Pit was coming from the ocean, in 1898, treasure hunter Frederick Blair poured red dye down into the 90-foot-deep hole and then pumped water into it. To his astonishment, the dye began to seep out into the sea at Smith's Cove. But then he noticed that it was also seeping out at several other points on the south shore of the island. It proved that there was not one but at least two separate booby-trapped flood tunnels preventing access to whatever lies at the bottom of the shaft. But who built them, and why, are just two of the many unanswered questions about Oak Island. Well, we should dive there then, right? Yup, that's the place to look. Yeah, Alex and I should be able to dive there and see if we can see where the water comes in that floods 10-X and the Money Pit. Okay, let's move on. Skipper, let's go. Turn the boat around. Let's head back. Will a future dive off Smith's Cove help Marty, Rick and their team crack the mystery of Oak Island? Or will it only open the door to more clues... and more questions? One thing is certain... the answers lie below. Far, far below. The short trip around Oak Island has convinced Rick and Marty that the key to getting to the bottom of 10-X-- and eventually the Money Pit-- is to trace the source of the seawater that fuels the flood tunnels. If they can stop the water, they will have cleared a path for a full-scale excavation. But it isn't going to be easy. Come in. Daniel. Dan. How you fellas making out? Well, we just want to give you an update. The airlift in 10-X, you know, we got the pipe down in there. Right. We're down in the cavity and we're jetting it with air... and it's working. We're bringing up lots of stuff, bits and pieces of stuff. You gotta clean it out, you know. I think so. But in the meantime, my son Alex is here. We're gonna go ahead and get some dive gear. We're gonna dive off of Smith's Cove. I think it's a good idea. And we're going to finally, this year, hopefully, within a week or two, we're gonna definitively answer the question, what's in the bottom of 10-X. Well, that's good. As long as there's progress, Rick, you know? You can't quit, can you? Well, you can call it an obsession. I mean, after all, I've been here for 48 years and if I can't admit to it being an obsession then I'm not being very honest, am I? Well, let's do it. Let's go back out there. We're not giving up, you know that, right? Right. And you better be around to see it. I'm gonna try and be. You will be. Thank you, Dan. See you. Take care. You know, it occurs to me that the common denominator on Oak Island is, is... ready for it? Yeah, I'm ready. Obsession. And I think you, big brother, have a little bit of that set in already. What do you think? That's the common denominator. I don't think that's the right word. But do I want to finish this for us? Yes, I do. And I'm gonna give it everything I've got. And if that's obsession, then I'm obsessed. Obsession is the fuel that powers Oak Island. It's what latches on to those who get close to the mystery, and then never lets go. Why can't we get a faster flow rate? Because, honestly, I don't want a faster flow rate. I want it to settle. It's kinda like pump and dump. You know, pump... let it settle a little... It's working great. It comes down in 10 minutes. Kill the air for a minute! Thanks. Dig some out of there, let's see what we got. This will settle out overnight. There's a lot in there? There's a lot in there. Good. You know, best case scenario, we find gold, we find some manmade artifact that tells us we're on target. This is the plan, it's working, par excellence. Well, I mean, we're gonna... We're gonna have to go over this with a fine-tooth comb. That's what this is all about. It's exciting. Lord knows what you're going to find. I don't see a lot, but I mean, the bottom line is we're getting a lot of stuff. Yup. Wait... Now that... that is very peculiar. That's metal, Rick. Yeah, I know. Inside a rock, too. Could it be a clue? The first real sign of proof that there is treasure buried on Oak Island? Perhaps. But anyone who knows Oak Island knows the island doesn't share its secrets willingly... or without a price. Oak Island changes lives. It can also destroy them. And the questions that remain unanswered can even make a strong man go crazy. What lies below? Who put it there? Should it be dug up? Or is it best left alone? Subtitled by Diego Moraes 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 