The Curse of Oak Island: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Oak Island 
 s1e4 - The Secret of Solomon's Temple - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Oak Island (2014–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Secret of Solomon's Temple - full transcript 
 A visitor presents Rick and Marty with his incredible theory about where the treasure on the island is located. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight, on The Curse of Oak Island... I found the treasure map leading to Oak Island. It is concealed in codes in the manuscripts of William Shakespeare and it also tells you, what the treasure is. You believe that the Menorah from the Temple of 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Solomon would be buried on Oak Island? Yeah, basically. I'm actually getting multiple signals. I'm jumping in. Hey! Hey, guys. Hey, what's up? New suction hose? We got the hose, we got the pumps, we got the swamp. Grab a hold of that hose. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It looks pretty heavy. Get after it. Start bringing these over there. Young guys to the front. Rick and Marty Lagina are convinced they may be close to solving the mystery... Where do you want this? ...and defying the curse of Oak Island. In the past few weeks, they've found unusual metal artifacts in one of the old treasure shafts... Oh, my gosh. ...mysterious bones... We can see if they are actually human bones. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, there it is. ...and a significant amount of coconut fiber. Now, their efforts are focused on Oak Island's mysterious swamp, which many believe was created as a hiding place, or even a gateway, to an underground treasure vault. Pick that up, Jack, if you will, so he's not dragging it. Let's just get it coupled up first. Let's hook it right here and we'll all help him push it in 'cause look, we're right here. Right now, we're going to do what Rick has been wanting to do. We're gonna drain the swamp. Okay. Because there's been a lot of conjecture that there's something hidden in that swamp. And nobody has ever done it. I mean, there's been holes drilled all over the place and people have dug tunnels all over the place but nobody has explored that swamp. So, that's what we're going to do. And we'll see what secrets it has. We have to drain the swamp with pumps. We got two pumps, there's 190 horsepower there. Enough ponies going, we'll drain this swamp. Need some more ponies. Yeah. Pursuant to our permit, we can't put any of that water in the ocean. So, we have to take all that water, pump it basically uphill, and into an area where it will filter through the grass. I'm here to tell you, that is not easy. Throw the switch. I hope number two works. Better work. (engine starting) (gurgling) Hey! Shut her down, Dave. (turns off engine) Call it coincidence, call it the curse. Everything that can go wrong on Oak Island, goes wrong. The island is a harsh opponent. So, you know, it's just one of those things about Oak Island. It's just a very frustrating moment. Hey. You take one step forward and two steps back, seems like. Get this one changed over, we'll be running again in five minutes, big brother. Try again? We're firing it up now. Ready? Yeah. (engine starting) (gurgling) Not too bad. We got 190 horses working for us now. Right? Yep. 190 horses and about 1,800 gallons a minute. Yep. Cocktail time. Yeah. (laughter) The next few days are critical once the swamp is drained, the team will have a gigantic task in front of them searching through approximately 4.5 acres of mud and sludge. Why the swamp? Over the years, there have been numerous theories about just what, if anything, lies buried on Oak Island. Some believe the Money Pit located approximately 300 feet away from the swamp was just a ruse, a decoy set to distract people from the real treasure shaft. One of them is Norwegian writer and documentary filmmaker, Petter Amundsen, who, on learning that Rick and Marty were planning to drain the swamp, traveled to Oak Island in hopes of sharing his own incredible theory. All right, guys, this is Petter Amundsen... Petter. Petter. ...that I've been talking about. Good to see you again. Good to see you. Hello, Petter. You are Marty? Marty. Yes. In the past decade, Petter Amundsen has drawn the attention of Rick and Marty Lagina with his claim that there is a direct connection between the Oak Island mystery and the works of William Shakespeare. But could such a far-fetched notion really be true? I'm, uh, so thrilled to be here. Thank you so much for letting me have this opportunity to present my theory. We thank you for coming, and we are eager to hear. Okay, this, uh, may sound a little bit braggish, but I actually claim to have found the treasure map leading to Oak Island. And this is found in a most unlikely book, concealed in codes. And the book I'm talking about is the great folio with the plays of William Shakespeare. There is a coded map in Shakespeare, which I found. It takes you up in the sky and brings you down to Nova Scotia, leading you to Oak Island. And it will lead you to what I believe is the ultimate point X. And it also tells you what the treasure is. Okay. Nothing less. Okay. Well, that's a lot, you know. Yes. Petter Amundsen, my first impression, he is a guy on a mission. I think he's passionately believing his own theory. But as far as the things I think we can get out of Mr. Amundsen, I think any clue that anybody can bring to us is valuable. What I really would like to do is to show you some parts of our documentary, Shakespeare: The Hidden Truth. According to Petter's theory, the first printed collection of William Shakespeare's works in 1623 was financed and supervised by the author's close friend, Sir Francis Bacon. Bacon was a scientist, explorer and adventurer whom many believed was also the leader of the Rosicrucians, a secret group of intellectuals with strong connections to the Knights Templar. In his film, Petter is seen presenting his theory to Shakespearian actor and scholar, Robert Crumpton. He claims to have found numerous clues and codes planted throughout this first edition of Shakespeare's works, including strangely capitalized letters... misspelled words. >> ROBERT: Yeah, you do wonder why he would misspell his own name. And even strategically misnumbered pages that eventually lead to what Petter believes is a celestial treasure map. Bootes is a slow working star, in North Pole. In the film, Petter demonstrates to Crumpton that the decoded texts lead to a series of constellations and one of these, Cygnus, or "the swan," was used to represent Shakespeare himself. >> ROBERT: "I see thee in the hemisphere advanced and made a constellation there." He says, you are a constellation. >> ROBERT: The Cygnus. The Cygnus. It's called the Northern Cross. Using a globe of the earth... and one of the stars... Petter then matches the location of the Cygnus constellation to a geographic destination on Oak Island. Specifically, the area on the island known as Nolan's Cross. I brought some props. Good. This is Nolan's Cross. Discovered by area resident and treasure hunter Fred Nolan in 1981, Nolan's Cross is a perfectly symmetrical cross made of five large cone-shaped boulders. Buried at the center, Nolan discovered a sixth stone with a human face carved into it. Now, I say that this cross is more than one symbol. And I will show you why. If you add a few more points, like this. Between these stones, there are certain paths. The geometry indicates that we are talking abou uh, Tree of Life. Based on a reference in the Old Testament, the Tree of Life was said to be one of two trees placed by God in the Garden of Eden. The other being the forbidden Tree of Knowledge. As depicted by the ancient Hebrews and early Christians, the Tree of Life is comprised of ten points called sephirot, with names like Wisdom, Beauty, Victory, Splendor and Mercy, which collectively are believed to hold the keys to understanding the universe. This ancient symbol was adopted by none other than the Knights Templar and, in later years, by the Rosicrucians, and even the Freemasons. But even more astounding is that Petter believes that not only does Nolan's Cross, when matched with the design for the Tree of Life, form a perfect three-dimensional treasure map, but that he even knows which of the ten points of the tree is the key to solving the whole Oak Island mystery. Guess which stone is the important one? This one. My theory indicates that that stone's name is Mercy. And the problem with it is of course that it is right into the swamp. >> CRAIG: Why do you think that stone's the keystone as opposed to any of the rest of them? Shakespeare holds the key. On the last page ofThe Tempest, he tells the audience to pierce Mercy... and the word "Mercy" is exactly where that stone is if you are crazy enough to put this diagram onto the page. Here we have also an instruction on what this may contain. They say that there is a place on the earth where several items have been stored away books and especially one lamp. What lamp? The lamp is the Menorah. The Menorah? The Menorah, from the temple looted by Titus in the year 70 A.D., taken to Jerusalem, and it was never seen again. Many believe that the Knights Templar rescued priceless religious artifacts from the temple in Jerusalem... including the Ark of the Covenant... the Holy Grail... and the Golden Menorah of King Solomon the ultimate symbol of the Hebrew faith. I believe the Knights Templar, when they dug in the Temple Mount cellars, they found the Menorah, they brought it to Europe, to Scotland, and then the heirs of the Knights Templar, the Masons, they needed a new place for it, so they went west and found the spot for a new resting place for the temple treasure. You believe that the Menorah from the Temple of Solomon could be buried on Oak Island? Yes. I look upon you as owners of a temple. I believe this. Norwegian writer and filmmaker Petter Amundsen has just presented his incredible theory to the team at Oak Island. He believes that the Golden Menorah of King Solomon's Temple, along with other priceless artifacts, are hidden on the island at the bottom of the swamp... and that coded clues in the writings of William Shakespeare point the way. Iwant to believe everything you just said, but it's... it's difficult. So, what do you want from us? Try to, uh... find in... in the bottom of that swamp, that stone, Mercy. Although Rick and Marty are already in the process of draining the southeast area of the Oak Island swamp, Petter is asking that they shift their focus to a different area of the swamp where he believes the treasure is. It's a simple request, but Rick and Marty have invested millions of dollars in this enterprise, and letting an outsider change their strategy is not an easy decision, especially so late in the process. All right, well, you know what, we have a lot to digest, and I-I... I want to thank you again for coming. ETTER: Thank foriate it. ening. Intrigng as he. We have... we have some discussion to undertake. Take care. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. The demonstration that Petter Amundsen did was great theater. Here's a guy that's saying that something world-class is buried onyour property, and he's got his little cryptic way of showing it you know, you feel like you're inThe Da Vinci Code or something. 'Kay, guys, what do you think? Do you guys see him as a threat at all? I don't. Big Brother? He does have an agenda. You know, are we comfortable with that? What is the difference? If there is something found in the swamp, it's gonna get out. So, like, the difference between whether or not he's here on the island and whether he's off the island, it's almost nothing. Rick is troubled. I can tell you that for sure. And I think Rick is a little bit wanting to do this his way, and somebody else coming in and challenges that. What are we getting out of it, I guess, is what I'm saying. What arewe getting out of it? I mean, to some extent, Rick, I guess the reason I don't mind it is I think he could add something. Something to our discovery process? Yeah. I find that singularly impossible. You know, we were going to proceed with the swamp draining prior to his involvement. We had designs on all areas of the swamp, not just singularly his area of interest but our own. 'Kay. All in favor? >> SEVERAL: Aye. Aye. The swamp has been draining for two full days now, but something is wrong. The process is taking much longer than expected. And Petter Amundsen's so-called Mercy point is still underwater and inaccessible. While they wait for the swamp to drain, Marty and his son Alex decide to put Petter's theory to the test. Petter. Yeah. If the Tree of Life really is the basis for a kind of giant 3-D treasure map, then they should be able to find additional stone markers markers that could very well indicate the entrance to long-hidden treasure vaults. This is the bottom of the cross that Nolan discovered in 1981. The Kingdom Stone will be 282 feet from that stone, in the 60-degree bearing. All right, well, let's go find Kingdom, then. Yeah. (crow cawing) All right. ...45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53... I wish it was a treasure chest. You're on your way to it. ...60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66. Yes? Here it is. (clanging) That's it? So, this is the foundation. This is the first step in the Tree of Life. So it begins here. Okay. And this aligns perfectly with the rest of the cross. So, let's dig. All right. There are strange things done in the midday sun by the men who toil for gold. And the Oak Island trails have their secret tales that would make your blood run cold! If Petter Amundsen's calculations are correct, the tenth point in the Tree of Life known as Malkuth or "Kingdom" should be located exactly 282 feet directly south of the base of Nolan's Cross. But will they really find a stone there, and, if so, what might it reveal? Wait a second. You know, this is... this is simply the wrong stone it's too small. (Petter groans) Yeah. Sorry. Wrong. You know, when a guy is so intense like that, so sure, you get caught up in it, and then he... we go and we dig up the wrong rock? Well, that was... let a lot of air out of the balloon. We have to look for it. It's in this area, but, uh... Is it this? Is this it here? Suddenly, Marty's son Alex spots something in the ground just a few feet away. Yes, this is it. Good. This is it? Yeah. It's a large stone. Perhaps thereis something to Petter's theory, after all. How far do we go this way? This is the end of it. Are we gonna be able to move this, the three of us? I don't really see why we shouldn't move it. (distorted, echoing caw) Here we go. (panting) There it is. The Kingdom Stone. What is interesting is it's rounded on the back. And the flat side... Yeah, here it comes. The stone Marty, Alex and Petter have found is completely flat on one side, as if it had been deliberately cut. Well, the stone ielf is interesting, because you'd think there'd be the other half of it somewhere. The Kingdom Stone... You know, glacial stones often are split perfectly flat, because the granites get fissures in them... natural cleavage planes, or planes where they're weakest. They get ice in there and they split. It is, I guess,somewhat peculiar that the other side of it isn't there, you know, 'cause it's clearly split cleanly. What makes today's finding perhaps even more significant is that the six large boulders that make up what has become known as Nolan's Cross, and which Petter believes form the foundation for the Tree of Life, also each have strangely flat sides. Okay, well, let's wash it off. It's granite. Yeah, so... You'll see... These white dots here, here, here. And then another startling revelation three carved indentations forming a triangle? Could this be a sign? A symbol linking the stone to the Knights Templar... and their successors, the Rosicrucians? And could the triangle shape similar to that of the Oak Island swamp be significant? But how? Here's all I'm willing to say. We're willing to look for that Mercy point. Thank you. Is that good enough? That's all I would like to hear. Is that good enough? That's good enough. We're going to leave no... no stone unturned. (laughter) On our quest. 'Cause that's what this is. This is a quest. This is now being proved. We're going to check out his Mercy point. We're going to check it out as best we can, and if we find something, then you'll see the excitement level. Good work, good work. All right. Could Nolan's Cross, along with the island's other many strange carved stones, really form the basis for an elaborate treasure map one which indicates that the key to solving the Oak Island mystery lies at the bottom of the swamp? But if so, the challenge remains how to get to it, and so far the island does not appear eager or willing to cooperate. This is the long sought Frustrated by the amount of time it's taking to drain the swamp, Rick and Marty have hired a local helicopter to see if they can get a better idea of their progress from the air. You don't want to walk into that rear one, Rick. Why? You want a haircut? (Dave laughs) They also want to see if a bird's-eye view can help them spot Petter's so-called Mercy point the place in the swamp the Norwegian filmmaker claims is a gateway to an incredible underground treasure vault. Although they know every inch of the landscape from years of studying maps and books, seeing it from the air is giving Rick and Marty a vantage point they've never had before. From the air, the swamp does indeed look man-made. The triangle shape also suggests the ancient symbol of a pyramid... a shape that has strong connections to Freemasonry. >> FRED: Yep. Although the helicopter ride didn't provide an answer to the question of why the swamp is taking so long to drain, Rick and Marty Lagina are convinced that the key to solving the Oak Island mystery may very well be located near what Petter Amundsen calls "the Mercy point." Stones arranged in a diamond formation and in line with the so-called Mercy point? A coincidence, or could they really have been placed here to mark the entrance to the underground area where the treasure is buried? If it can only be seen from the air, who or what was it intended for? Unfortunately for Petter Amundsen, his time on Oak Island is almost at an end. He has just received a call that he must return home to Norway for business reasons, and the swamp's failure to drain has robbed him of a firsthand opportunity to see whether his incredible theory can be proven. How do you say, how do you say yes in Norwegian? Ja. Ja. We say"ja takk" yes, please. Ja takk. Did I say that right? Ja takk. Okay, so, may I take the other part the dirty part of it? Ja takk. But before he leaves the island, Petter wants to show Rick and Marty the exact spot where he believes the fourth stone in the Tree of Life the so-called Mercy stone is located. Okay, if you sink, you're not coming out. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Sorry. Yeah, sure. Good thing my catlike reflexes came in handy. To navigate their way through the half-drained swamp, Rick, Marty, and Petter lay down a makeshift walkway using large plywood boards. Rick, watch it. Although the plywood will help keep their feet from sinking down into centuries of accumulated muck, it will do little to mask the pungent stench of rotting plant and animal matter. It is very deep and it's very dangerous. Careful. I'd like to probe this whole area if I could. Making matters worse is the now persistent rain which seems to be refilling the swamp faster than the pumps can drain it. It would be great if the if this rain would stop because, I mean, we're losing ground in the swamp, right, or we're gaining water in the swamp. We, we just, at considerable time and expense, drained it, and here she is filling up again. (tapping) That did sound hollow. There is some kind of floor with small stones on top of it. A floor covered with stones? Could Petter be standing over some incredible man-made structure, perhaps the actual treasure vault built centuries ago? So, Marty, this is something for your expert to check out. Yes. So, I'm not an expert on swamps. (Marty laughs) But, uh, this whole area is the... the fillet if you like. Yeah. I can't pinpoint it exactly because I don't have the data. Keep trying! (Petter laughs) We didn't haul all this plywood out here for nothing. I think, if we can't accomplish more than this, we know that it is a stony ground, and if this is some part of the secret vault, it's impossible for me to say, but I would be very interested in learning what the experts would make of this. Petter's theory is rich in terms of detail, in terms of discovery processes, but it's just one among many. Until it's proven, it's just one more theory among a myriad number of theories. We were very hopeful and we wanted him to succeed. I mean, why, uh, why else are we here? Well, Swiss time is ticking away fast, and we have a plane to catch back to good old Norway. Okay. And again, thank you so much for letting me on to your island. You're very welcome, you're very welcome. A very special place. I hope that I will stay within the information loop because I would be really interested in knowing what's out there. I really think they will find the Mercy point, and what happens from then on I can only speculate, but I hope that they will treat it with care and behave responsibly. We will not stop, we will pursue this to the end. You know, we have, we have an agenda here as well, and we, we think that cooperatively we'll we will see success. I will shake your hand to that. Thank you so much. You're welcome. Fortunately Petter's visit was not in vain. Rick and Marty are now committed to locating the so-called Mercy point and finding out once and for all if the treasure of Oak Island is within their grasp. If you had g For centuries Oak Island has been a riddle wrapped in an enigma. For those who have risked their lives and fortunes trying to find treasure here, it is a giant three-dimensional jigsaw puzzle with numerous clues, challenges, and dead ends that all seem to be deliberately planted. But will solving it take skill, persistence, and courage, or will it require something more? Perhaps the island was intentionally and elaborately coded so that only someone with the right keys can get at the treasure. Welcome to what we affectionately call our war room. Have a seat. Great. Someone who will have to spend years looking, someone who could very well be in this room. Well, Dave, Steve, we're very excited you're here. Impatient with the lack of progress in getting the swamp to drain, Rick and Marty Lagina have decided to bring in two metal detection experts to join them in their search. If there really are objects made of precious metals buried deep beneath the swamp, they should be able to find them using the latest in high-tech equipment. We're a little bit, uh, taken aback by the size of the swamp, how much work we have to do, so we're very much looking forward not only to the new technology but new ideas, new input, new a new way to approach this thing. Then we'll be able to make really good progress in the swamp. We're, we're here at your disposal, and, uh, well, hope-hopefully what we bring to the table will aid you in your quest. Great. Here's what our agenda is. Uh, we'd like to investigate this area initially. Weather's going to play a role. Access is going to play a role. Currently, we have one pump on station. It sort of drained, but it's not de-mucked. Is it walkable? Can you get out on the, uh... on the swamp. That's-that's the issue. The whole perimeter is somewhat walkable, but this position in particular, which we're very interested in, is still flooded. We want to explore this swamp. That's our mission right now. Yes. And we want to use the highest tech equipment there is. Yes. Yes. What we're looking for is the breadcrumbs that lead us in a particular direction. The machine I'm wondering about there's conjecture that there's a vault of some sort in the swamp. What machine do you use for that? That's not a metal thing. Well, it actually... We have a pulse, ground balance system that we're bringing in from Germany. We contacted Lorenz, and we asked that they ship a unit called the Deep Max. But what's it give you a visual, or...? Yes, yes, you either have a 2-D or a 3-D visual. Made in Germany, the Lorenz Deepmax X6 is a revolutionary metal detecting device. It can scan through various types of soils and surfaces, even water. It can also identify very specific types of metals including gold and silver up to 40 feet deep underground. Can't wait, honestly. That's right. Throw in all your gizmos out there. Let's do it. All right. As far as I'm concerned, I'm, uh... I'm so excited about being here. I got a really, really strong belief that there's something on Oak Island. I also believe that you two are going to find it, so... Yay! I like that guy. (laughter) It's music to my ears. Let's do that. Oh, yeah. Yes. Let's roll. Guys, we are very excited you're here. We can't wait to get the data. Yeah, great. We can't wait to find something, so let's go do it. Let's do it. I think that's probably okay. While Marty helps David Spencer assemble the Deep Max X6... That's it. That's it. ...Rick and Steve Zazulyk begin a preliminary scan of the swamp with a conventional metal detector. This is the long sought-after, fabled, Mercy Point position. Okay. So, I just have one question. Will that find something if it's in a concrete vault? Depending on how deep it is, if you had concrete here right now, and you had gold or silver or something underneath it, this machine will hear it. Then, let's go. Let's go. Let's go and find it. Okay. So, here's the thing. What we should do... See that piece of rebar? Yeah. I'd like to get to the other side of that point. With what you know, is there, like, a specific spot? We have a general area. And this is it? And this is it. Okay. Don't fall in! Yeah, don't fall in. I just wondered how far I'll sink. Nothing here. No. Which way do you want to go that way or this way? I want to keep going right around the whole thing. Anything? No. Nothing out there as far as you can reach? Yeah, we might... No. We might start getting better hits out here. I don't know how far we can go out right now. We should have got... More planking is what we should have got. You got something? No. Come in from that side and try to sweep and see if it registers from that side. Okay. (loud droning beep, chirping) You got something? Yeah. I just want to check it again. (beeps) It's funny. I'm getting... I'm actually getting multiple signals. Really? Yeah. A signal? See that? See that? Yeah. That's a hit. >> RICK (laughing): You got... You got to be kidding me. Did Rick and Steve just find something metallic at the bottom of the swamp? And with a simple metal detector? Something that significant, like gold or silver... Mm-hmm. ...would be up in this quadrant around here. God, that's-that's where it is. I know. (Rick laugh) (both laugh) That's what you want, isn't it? This is what you wanted, right? That's what I want. So, that's it, buddy. Hey. Let's keep going. Maybe we can find something else. (beeping) I got a... I got a definite signal here, too. Here we go. Could there really be one or more metal objects lying buried at the bottom of the swamp right where Petter Amundsen claimed they would be? You got... you got stuff here, buddy. There's something there? Yeah. After a preliminary search of the area of the swamp now known as the Mercy Point, Rick, Charles and metal detection expert Steve Zazulyk believe they have made an incredible discovery. Listen. (metallic clinking) All right, I'm-I'm... I'm gonna put my foot on that. I'm literally going to jump in. How about your glasses? Back up. I'm gonna put my foot on it. Hang on. Hang on a second. Okay, that's the edge... Okay. ...right there, right, so... Okay, well, is there anything here? (metallic click) Holy (bleep). I'm going to put my foot on that. I-I... I have to. It's 50 years for me. I'm jumping in. There's something there. There's no doubt about that. There's something. Something flat. It sounds foolish, but I got so excited, I jumped in the swamp. I mean, you kind of lose a little bit of rational decision-making. I jumped in. Fried my iPhone. My sister's going to get extremely mad at me because I'm out of... out of contact. (laughing) Can I take the detector and put it down where I'm standing? Seriously, I want to dive in there right freaking now, buddy. Go! What about your... your...? As long as I come up with a menorah between my teeth, I'll be happy. (laughing) Is it exciting? Of course it's exciting. We've been on this for, going on seven years now. We have a target. I mean, if you're not excited, then go get your plane ticket. See ya! Oh. Did you hear that? Uh... Here. (beeping) Hear that? Holy (bleep). Yeah, I do. Yeah. Now we're metal detecting. (laughter) Okay? Yes! There you go, buddy. (laughing): Yeah. Yes! Could Rick Lagina really be on the verge of solving the Oak Island mystery? Has he discovered the secret hiding place of the Knights Templar treasure? The Golden Menorah of King Solomon's Temple? The Ark of the Covenant? (Marty laughs) Look at Rick! (laughing) (laughter) Oh, man. Yuck it up. Yuck it up. Keep laughing. It's the creature from the black lagoon! When I first saw Rick, you know, he's all wet, and he's drippy, he was covered in mud. But as he got closer, I have to admit, I got kind of excited 'cause I could see in his face that he was quite convinced he found something significant. I mean, he was... You know, known him forever, right? I could tell. He was just... he was beaming. Yes, big brother? Yeah. Yeah! What? I have something. You do not. Bull (bleep). You talk to the man right there. So we went down to this area that everybody was all excited about, right? Yes, yes. And uh, your brother and I went out kind of like real close. Yeah? And I got an incredible hit. Yeah. Meaning? On our meter, it was a strong enough signal for your brother and I to jump right in. And? And when I went down, it got stronger and stronger, and then when we went in there, our foot went right on a solid object down there. You know, where it's showing on the meter where there's a nice signal, typically where I find silver and gold... Yeah? ...is where it was hitting. (laughter) Rick is absolutely, you know, convinced that we'll uncover some, if not... if not actual treasure, at least some significant clues. But I got to admit, it was a thrill for me, too. No, let's go get it. Let's get Big Max in the swamp. This is exciting. I mean, I don't believe it, okay, 'cause I'm not going to believe it until I see it. >> STEVE & RICK: Yeah. But still, cool. Look at him. He's... Yeah, he's very excited. He's very excited. All right, I can tell. Well, you know, the deal is, it's a 200-year-old search, and maybe this isn't the big breakthrough, but it surely is going to lead us well down that road. We're very, very,very hopeful. After centuries of failed searches, fortunes spent, and lives lost, are Rick and Marty Lagina about to bring this legendary story to its conclusion? Or could it be like so many other such moments on the island another dead end? Next time onThe Curse of Oak Island... This is the most sophisticated equipment that's ever been on this island. That's what we're looking for. Wow. This could be it. This could be the find. What are you getting, Rick? What are you getting, big brother? Whoa! Whoa! No! Are you serious? What? That's a game changer. It predates the Money Pit by at least 150 years. It's the first piece of evidence that I've been able to hold in my hand. This is the most valuable thing that's ever been found on Oak Island. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 