The Spy: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Spy 
 s1e5 - Fish Gotta Swim - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Spy (2019): Season 1, Episode 5 - Fish Gotta Swim - full transcript 
 After a bloody coup, Eli insinuates himself closer to the center of Syrian power. But the emotional demands of the job take a severe toll. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Dream ♪ ♪ Dream, dream, dream ♪ ♪ Dream ♪ ♪ Dream, dream, dream ♪ ♪ When I want you ♪ ♪ In my arms ♪ ♪ When I want you ♪ ♪ And all your charms ♪ ♪ Whenever I want you ♪ ♪ All I have to do ♪ ♪ Is dream ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Dream, dream, dream ♪ ♪ When I feel blue ♪ ♪ In the night ♪ ♪ And I need you ♪ ♪ To hold me tight ♪ ♪ Whenever I want you ♪ ♪ All I have to do ♪ ♪ Is dream ♪ ♪ I can make you mine ♪ ♪ Taste your lips of wine ♪ ♪ Any time, night or day ♪ ♪ Only trouble is ♪ ♪ Gee whiz ♪ ♪ I'm dreamin' my life away ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I need you so ♪ ♪ That I could die ♪ ♪ I love you so ♪ ♪ And that is why ♪ General Ad-Din. Marhaba. ♪ All I have to do ♪ ♪ Is dream ♪ Come in. Enjoy. - ♪ Dream, dream, dream ♪ - Lots to see here. - ♪ Dream ♪ - I think we'll have a lovely time. I really do. - ♪ I can make you mine ♪ - Uncle. ♪ Taste your lips of wine ♪ ♪ Any time, night or day ♪ ♪ Only trouble is ♪ ♪ Gee whiz ♪ ♪ I'm dreamin' my life away ♪ ♪ I need you so ♪ ♪ That I could die ♪ ♪ I love you so ♪ Colonel, we're not... ♪ Non son degno di te ♪ ♪ Non ti merito più ♪ ♪ Ma al mondo non esiste nessuno ♪ No, no. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. ♪ Che non ha sbagliato una volta ♪ ♪ E va bene così ♪ ♪ Me ne vado da te ♪ ♪ Ma quando la sera tu resterai sola ♪ ♪ Ricorda qualcuno che amava te ♪ ♪ Sui monti di pietra Può nascere un fiore ♪ ♪ In me questa sera ♪ ♪ È nato l'amore per te ♪ ♪ E va bene così ♪ ♪ Me ne vado da te ♪ ♪ Ma al mondo no non esiste nessuno ♪ ♪ Che non ha sbagliato una volta ♪ ♪ Amor! ♪ ♪ Ma al mondo no non esiste nessuno ♪ ♪ Che non ha sbagliato una volta ♪ ♪ Amor! ♪ President Al-Kudsi. I'm ready to accept your resignation. Kamel! Sir, your parties are always incredible. Ah, thank you, my friend. Till next week. Goodbye. Thank you. Assalaam. ♪ Ma quando la sera tu resterai sola ♪ ♪ Ricorda qualcuno che amava te ♪ ♪ Amore ♪ ♪ Amor ♪ ♪ Amor ♪ Kamel. Mm-hm. This is George Seif, Radio Damascus. Tonight, in a peaceful transition of power... now former President Al-Kudsi has handed full control of the government. Tonight marks a glorious new beginning for all of Syria. ...nuclear weapons... Seif. - I have news, habibi. - Good or bad? I don't know. Hafez asked me to be Minister of Information. - So, what happened to the last one? - Exactly. They're going through ministers faster than Hatoum goes through whores. Suidani's becoming more and more paranoid. Speaking of... Ah, shit. They arrested the Deputy Minister of Defense last night. Suidani thinks he sold information. - To whom? - It doesn't matter. To the Americans and the Saudis, who knows if it's even true? They threw him in Mezze prison now. So you're gonna get his job too? No, Hafez Al-Assad would want that position, you know? He’s sick of running the Air Force. Kamel! Kamel! Kamel! Who is that? It's, ah... I don't know. Probably the next Minister of Information, eh? Today marks the 18th anniversary of Syria's independence from foreign rule. The 18th anniversary of the creation of the greatest nation state the Arab world has ever known. Under the lead of our president, Amin Al-Hafez, hafidallah, Syria will continue to grow. Not only among Arabic states, but among all the countries of the world. Independence has not been easy. Many have feared what a strong Syria could accomplish, and so they have attempted to drive us apart. But no longer. On this day of independence, we acknowledge the struggles of the past... - I'll be right back. - ...but we also look forward to a bright, united, and glorious future for all Syrians under the Ba'ath party. Thank you. His name is Mohammed Bin Laden. He's a construction giant from Saudi Arabia. What's he doing in Syria? We don't know. We also don't know how long he's been there. Bin Laden's been involved in some of the biggest construction efforts in the Middle East, including the reconstruction of Al-Aqsa Mosque. If he's working on something in Syria, something no one knows about, something the Syrians don't even trust their own people with... maybe it's... Shallal. So tonight, send a message to 88 to follow the lead, but he's not to make contact, no matter what. He should find out what Bin Laden's working on, but that's all. You used to be able to keep up. Just be happy it's not yours. Congratulations to me. You tell him to stick to eight a.m. and eight p.m. transmissions. Nothing more. Golette? - Hey, sorry I'm late. - Don't worry about it. - Traffic. - Yeah. - Have fun. - Thank you. The diagonal lines mean that it's a top-secret document, you know. Of course I know. Those are the interesting ones. Mohammed Bin Laden. The construction billionaire? I saw him talking to the president the other day. What brings him to town? Kamel, habibi, it's not like they tell me everything. Don't lie, my friend. I know when you're not telling me the truth. It's like listening to you on the radio all over again. Why so discreet? Why the sudden interest? 'Cause I don't trust people who are richer than me, and I don't trust a Minister of Information who claims to have no information. There are secrets, and then there are secrets. The ones that might get you murdered are the ones that I'm discreet about. By the way, do you mind if I use your beautiful apartment this weekend? Again? Who now? Rita, you can take the cups. Kalb. You are a dog. I know. Okay. I'll see you later, yes? - Shukran, habibi. - Shukran illa. What do you think? It's almost as beautiful as you are. Is it better than the blue one? They're both amazing. Let's get them both. Thank you, Kamel. Thank you so much. - I'm really excited about tonight. - As am I. But if we don't hurry, there's not gonna be a tonight. Come on. I'll take both dresses. That's a good choice, especially for me. - Ow! - What? Mmph. Again. I'd like to kill this machine, - before it kills me. - Show me. Show me. I can give you a good price for that. Can you ship it? If you pay enough, I can ship it to the moon. - That's wonderful, thank you. - You're welcome. Oh, the smell of Zeinab's cooking is killing me. Ah! I'm famished! You won't be when I'm done with you, I promise. The girls have been cleaning fish all day long. Aah. Well, yes. Quite a handful. General Ad-Din tried to kill himself. - What? - Tried to hang himself. Couldn't take the torture. This isn't appropriate conversation. It is not public knowledge. I can't believe anyone trusted you with the Information Ministry. Oh... They entrusted our nation's greatest secret to a bigger gossip than my wife. We're among friends, Michel. Calm down, come on. You seem upset, Kamel. Is it because you used to know his nephew? No, it's not that at all. It's because of the people. They don't understand our purpose. I speak to them on the street, you know, those who were my friends, my business partners, vendors. They think this is just another shift in the balance of power. They don't know Al-Hafez like I do. He cares about Syria, about our children, about making this a proud, independent Arab nation again. They're afraid of change, but there's no progress without change. - Hm. - What they do not realize is that the Ba'ath is the future, and that the president is actually saving Syria. Oh. I apologize, I would never have been so bitter if I knew you were there. No, no, no, no, no. I very much enjoyed listening to your impassioned speech. It's rare that one gets to hear what is said behind his back and even more rare when what is said is good. Thank you. Um... I'm going to steal him for a bit, okay? Come. I hope you know I meant every word. The Ba'ath has become like a home to me. I'm so happy. This is as personal to you as it is to me. Can I ask you to do something for me, Kamel? Anything. After dinner, go to the terrace. Sure. Enjoying the view? Magnificent. Mohammed Bin Laden. Ah. - Kamel Amin Tha... - I know. I know. Al-Hafez tells me you have a big import-export business. Well, it's adequate. Mainly furniture and textiles. And these shipments of furniture, what European ports do you use? A variety. Gent, Narvik, Marseille, Split. We need to get something into the country. A few things, actually. We've been having a hard time doing it discreetly, you know. These are things we don't want other governments to know about. So if we use the regular channels, no doubt the information will leak out. So what exactly are we talking about? Nothing that would get you into trouble. Not arms or anything of the sort, I can assure you of that. Just a few... pieces of machinery that I'm missing. Missing from what? I do not even know what line of business you are in. We'll just say, um... agro project, Yugoslavia. Osama, I told you to stay inside. Go to the kitchen, I'll be back soon. Yalla. Yalla. Now, in terms of the boat schedule, what would be... Uh, hold on. You are asking me to risk my business. I deserve to know what you would use it for. I apologize, but that's not how this will work. I will tell Al-Hafez this isn't for you. We'll find someone else. W... Wait. Why is he transmitting outside of his regular schedule? He has something against us sleeping. I can get to Split in a couple of days. And how do you make sure that they don't findthe tracking device? It's very small. And even if they do, it can't be tracked back to us. It's made by the Soviets. Okay, then. Let's do it. Jacob, and when it's done, when the shipment reaches its destination, we bring him in for a debrief. We schedule him a business trip. He hasn't been home in a very long time. Every agent needs to come up for air, or they drown. Right. Good. So, when you get to Split, how will you get into the warehouse? I don't know if I've ever seen you so busy. The business must be going well. It is. It's been overwhelming. I apologize. Well... I'm glad that we could finally find the time to be together. Mm. Me, too. - My father... - Mm-hmm. - He's been asking about you. - Oh? He's been asking if and when are you planning on proposing? I told him, of course, that it wasn't my place to say. That I didn't know your mind or your heart. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought it up. I ruined the dinner. Nonsense. Kamel! You're just going to ignore that I'm here? Again? Just wait inside. What are you doing here, Ma'azi? It's not safe for you to be seen here. - You should go... - You worried about me? Do you want to get yourself killed? Is that it? These people are dangerous. Your new friends, you mean? Get your fucking hands off me! Stop following me around. Did you know they were going to arrest my uncle at your party? My uncle treated you with kindness. So did I. I went above and beyond for you. I thought you were my friend. I am your friend, I am. Did you know? What did he want? He seemed very upset. Nothing, it's fine. Let's go upstairs. Kamel? Go home. Tell your father it's off. What's off? Me and you. It's over. Khalas. Go home. Just go home. Sophie, would you go and check the mailbox? Okay, Mommy. Mommy, I got a letter from Daddy! Guys, come on, the game is starting. - So sorry I have to leave. - Don't worry about it. I'm just glad I can help. The Egyptian desk gets boring. Well, he should be transmitting at eight p.m. sharp. Got it, don't worry. Same protocols as our desk. Except this is 88. Aah... Ah, come on. Oh... Eh... - Yes! - Yes! Every time. What do you mean... "every time"? These... interferences you are talking about, how often do they take place? I don't know. Every morning, every night. At what time? Hey, what's the code "singer" mean? We don't use it on the Egyptian desk. Just hand it in. They'll deal with it upstairs. Okay. Were you expecting something else? To be frank, yes. What is this? Agricultural equipment? You're using my shipping service to become a farmer, Bin Laden? Perfect. You've done a great service. But from here, I will take care of it. Shukran. Shallal. What did you say? I've heard the name whispered, the rumors. I've proved that I can be of service. Take me there. Show it to me. I can help. I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about. Shtuglun, yalla. Yes, yes, I'm sure he's not home. He gave me the key and I called him before. Aaah! Here you go. Give me one kiss. Stop it! Not here. Aah! Pumping station? Mr. Thaabeth. I was looking for George. We have dinner plans. Come with us. Sit. Water, the source of life. No creature, no matter how primitive, can survive without it. No civilization can thrive without it. That is why mankind has always fought over sources of water. For years, we've been playing a deadly game with our neighbors. They steal the water they claim is theirs. We, uh, damage their main pipes, blow them up, but they fix them and life goes on. It's a stupid cycle. Lake Tiberias may be in Israel, but the two rivers that feed it are not. The Banias and the Hasbani. Without those rivers... As they say, l'chiam. Why are you telling me this? Prime Minister Eshkol, it is an honor to meet you. Agent 88. We don't have much time. So, tell us exactly what he said. I have been thinking a lot about what you said at the dinner a few weeks ago, about feeling like a part of us. I feel the same. All this whispering behind my back, scheming, conspiring... I can't sleep at night. I'm going to ask you a question, and I want you to answer me honestly. Of course. Anything. Suidani is convinced that there is a spy working against us. He thinks it explains many of our failed operations. I got rid of my Deputy Minister of Defense because Suidani didn't trust him. I'm telling you all this because you've become a part of the family. I would like you to be our new Deputy Minister of Defense. So what will be my answer? Hey, sorry I'm late. Hey, Maurice. Sit. - The food is still hot. - Hey, everyone. Thank you. - Hey. - What? Did you wash your hands? No. Um... Okay. Okay! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 