While You Were Sleeping: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 While You Were Sleeping 
 s1e12 - Episode #1.12 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 While You Were Sleeping (2017): Season 1, Episode 12 - Episode #1.12 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This brain-dead patient won't last a week and will die from cardiac death. You can perform the autopsy, then. Deny this request. Chief, can't the autopsy and organ procurement take place at the same time? Unbelievable! Unbelievable! You know Prosecutor Jeong's brain-dead victim, right? He wants to carry out the autopsy and organ transplants at the same time. He's being too reckless. That's rarely succeeded. These rare cases are very similar to this case. All of these victims suffered damage in their brains, not in their organs. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Signs of strangulation were found around their necks. I think we'll be able to establish the cause of death by examining only the neck and the head without having to examine the organs. {\an8}HYANG-MI: SO WHAT DID HE SAY? {\an8}He said he'll find it, no matter what. What's gotten into Prosecutor Jeong? What makes him so confident? Nothing. He just does that. What? You know that's just how he is. A role model in his life is a mayfly. He just goes for it without thinking about tomorrow. But I think he's being unusually reckless this time. I'm pretty sure he's crouching down and tearing his hair out somewhere now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 {\an8}Me and my big mouth. It just has to make me suffer. {\an8}This damn mouth. {\an8}Why did I have to say that? What if I can't pull it off? I don't have lottery tickets to depend on this time. {\an8}Who is it? I'm not in the mood to talk. DOG POOP {\an8}Hey, what's up? {\an8}I wanted to ask you what decision you made. {\an8}The same decision as yours. {\an8}Then it's going to be quite hard. Are you confident? {\an8}Of course. That's why I decided to do it. {\an8}I don't believe you. You're hiding somewhere, tearing your hair out, aren't you? You saw this in your dream, didn't you? I didn't. I just followed the sound of your ringtone. Hong-ju. What is this? -What's this? -Oh, my gosh! Where? I meant I was having leg cramps. Oh, I see. Are you that worried? Yes. It feels like I'm taking the college entrance exam right after learning how to write. And I feel like a tortoise who has to run after two hares. Gosh. Don't worry. You'll have a hard time since you're so slow, but you'll eventually catch both. What? I saw it in my dream. The organ transplants went well, and you won the trial and threw the culprit in jail. -Really? -Yes. After you caught the two hares, we went to the beach. You know, the beach near the bus stop. That's a relief. Why didn't you tell me earlier? I didn't want you to be caught off guard. Don't worry. I'm going to be careful. It's done. Now go work. Okay! I forgot these. Goodness. Thanks for telling me about your dream. I thought he said that he's a human lie detector... Ms. Son, I think you should go back to the hospital. Why? I heard Mr. Jeong approved the organ transplants. What? Scissors. Prosecutor Jeong. I put something in Hwan's hand... right before his surgery began. I think it was when he was 16 years old... I gave that to him as a birthday present. I heard that's when he decided... to become a writer. I... can never forgive the man... who exploited Hwan's dream. Don't worry. I'll make sure to make him pay for what he did at the trial. I'll clamp the aorta. Forceps. Time of death at 5:17 p.m. on June 2. We'll begin the organ procurement. We'll begin the transplant. Forceps. Needle holder. IN HEAVEN, ALL THEY TALK ABOUT IS THE OCEAN Hong-ju! Hey, U-tak. -Are you going to work? -Yes. Hop in. I'll drive you there. It's okay. It won't take long if I take a bus. Just hop in. It'll take less time if you take this one. I was worried you'd leave without that second offer. I need to charge my portable battery. Do you have a charger? Yes, here. U-tak, did you dream about the trial by any chance? No, I didn't. You said you saw Jae-chan win the trial in your dream. No, I didn't dream about that. I lied. What? Why did you lie about that? Because he was so worried. So I wanted to boost his confidence. Maybe I shouldn't have done that. Jae-chan will be furious if he finds out, right? I told you, it's not a lie if you can keep lying until the end. If I become a murderer like this, I'll tell your secret to the police. Have you ever done that? Lying until the end? No, I haven't. You don't have to wear that at the trial tomorrow. The detention center agreed. That's good to hear. Lee Hwan, that crazy son of a bitch. How could a renowned author like you swear like that? Because of that son of a bitch, everyone thinks I'm a murderer. Come on. You deserve that, no? You choked the teaching assistant, and he lost consciousness. Then you threw him down the elevator shaft... with the intent to kill. CHARGE: MURDER So they are right. You're a murderer. You said you'd get me a verdict of not guilty. I will. But don't forget that what you did was murder. Otherwise, the expensive legal fee I'm charging you would be a waste. Is it really possible for me to be found not guilty? It would've been impossible if they'd indicted you for manslaughter. But thankfully, the prosecutor indicted you for murder, which makes it easier for me to make you found not guilty. If we indict him for murder, he might be found not guilty. That's what he did. What else should we indict him for, then? And you already approved it, Chief. You know, it's very difficult to prove murder at a trial, and we're not prepared enough. It'll be a disaster if he's found not guilty. So I suggested we have the indictment changed to be safe. {\an8}Maybe to manslaughter or aggravated assault. {\an8}No. It is definitely murder. Why are you being so reckless? Are you that confident? Yes, I'm confident. What if Jae-chan becomes overconfident because of the lie I told him? I'm worried he might be too reckless. Come on. He wouldn't. Are you looking for something? Yes, my portable battery. Maybe it slipped. Wait a second. I'll find it for you. It's okay. Give it to me when you find it later. It's red and this big. -Okay. -See you. Hong-ju. Don't worry about Jae-chan too much. You know I was once questioned by him. He's more reliable and prudent than you think. I know how prudent he is. Jae-chan, you're being too rash. It's like you're driving on the highway without wearing a seat belt. You should put it on first. {\an8}Let's change it to an indictment for murder {\an8}-with a potential charge of manslaughter. -But that'd look so uncertain. {\an8}It'll be like you're confessing to the judge that you're not confident about the indictment. I'll stay with the indictment for murder, no matter what. I'm sure Prosecutor Jeong will push ahead with murder. Why is it easier for us to be found not guilty if it's murder? The difference between murder and manslaughter is simple. If you pushed him with intent to kill, it's murder. If you didn't expect him to die like that, then it's manslaughter. Murder is twice as difficult for him to prove. And if he fails to prove it, you'll walk. I wonder if Prosecutor Jeong will be able to pull off something... that difficult. {\an8}The accused Mun Tae-min is a professor of creative writing at Myungwon University, and the victim Lee Hwan worked for him as a teaching assistant. The accused has forced his TAs, including Lee, to do things unrelated to their job, such as teaching his child and washing his car, and often assaulted them, saying he didn't like the way they worked. At 4 p.m. on May 30, 2016, the accused Mun assaulted the victim Lee because he was angry that Lee exposed Mun's abuse and exploitation at his book launch party. The victim Lee Hwan revealed Mun's pictures without his consent at the book launch party. Regarding this defamation, the accused complained without using violence. It was a justified complaint. While Mun was assaulting Lee, he choked him with his hands until he passed out. Then he got worried that he might be ostracized if Lee lived to expose more of his abuse. So he decided to murder Lee. I admit that there were small arguments and scuffles. However, Lee was so drunk that he couldn't even talk properly at the time of the incident. So the accused left the scene right away. When Lee was unconscious, the accused threw him down the elevator shaft, a drop of 20 meters. And the victim died 3 days later, at 5:17 p.m. on June 2, 2016. After the accused left the scene, Lee lost his temper and went on a rampage, smashing the elevator door. and he fell down the elevator shaft by accident and died. Therefore, I indict the accused for murder, according to Article 250, Criminal Act. The accused has no reason to kill the victim, and there's no direct evidence of murder. {\an8}Therefore, we deny the murder charge. {\an8}The defense lawyer, please check the evidence list. {\an8}Exhibit 34, disagreed. Exhibit 43, disagreed. Exhibit 43 is a witness statement. You disagree with it? Yes, I disagree. The only witness to the incident is four years and nine months old. The competence and credibility of the witness is questionable, so we need to listen to the witness testimony here in court. Ms. Son, aren't you going home? Chief, you should go home first. I'm going to stay a bit longer. I have something to read here. All right, then. Have a good night. Good night. Do you think a five-year-old child can testify in court? I don't know. I'm worried he might be too nervous to say anything. The kid's really timid. When I rescued him, he was so frightened that he cried and peed in his pants. But he's the only witness, right? If he can't testify, will that guy walk? I must make him testify. You said you guys heard it from him in person, right? Yes, we did. How? He must've been scared too since you guys were police officers. We tried to get down to his level and form an emotional bond with him. Then he told us what he saw. An emotional bond... I see. How did you do it? Teach me how to do it. Hi, Se-hyeong. Why are you so scared of that man? If you tell me what he did, I'll thump him for you. Gosh. Baby talk it is. But you think you can do that in court? Why would I do that? I can bring his parents or an expert to do it. Mother, where should I put this? "Mother"? Just call me what you used to call me. That's enough. Everyone go to work now. -Okay. -Thank you. -Thank you for the food. -See you. You guys go ahead. I'll go after sewing a button on. Mom, have you seen the sewing box? What? Why is this here? Hong-ju, Prosecutor Jeong left his phone here. Mom, why is this here? Did you hide it from me on purpose? Yes. Why? Oh, and the kid really likes Santa Claus. He talked right away when I said I was Santa Claus's friend. Santa Claus? No, you should say it like this. You know, I'm like an announcer. I can't do baby talk even if I wanted to. What are you talking about? "My gosh, did you poop, Robin? Did that feel nice?" Don't you remember? "Did you eat your food? Was it good--" That hurts! Wow, Seung-won's really good at it. You can't do that? No, I can't. -Where's my phone? -I think you left it in there. How did I forget it? He totally can do baby talk. -Really? -He's perfectly good at it. Tell me. Why are you being like that around Jae-chan these days? What did he do so wrong that you treat him so coldly? I heard Prosecutor Jeong and you met at the funeral 13 years ago. But are you okay to see him like this? I'm not okay with it. I've almost forgotten about what happened to your dad. But I'm reminded of it whenever I see Jae-chan. Are you really okay to see him? Yes, I'm okay. No, you are not. What did you say when Jae-chan was shot? You blamed yourself for not being able to stop it, just like you did 13 years ago. You were not in your right mind and cried your eyes out. Other people may not notice it, but I can. I can see through you. I know how you're feeling now. You've been blaming yourself for what happened to your dad and Jae-chan, and it's eating away at you. You'll keep blaming yourself for everything, and it'll eat away at you more and more. Mom. I'm scared that you'll be hurt again if you keep seeing him. I'm so worried. So... Mom. I'm really okay. I feel happy... when I'm with him. So, don't do this. I want you to like him... and adore him like I do. Hong-ju, have you seen my phone? Oh, I have it. You're so out of it these days, aren't you? To me, you from 13 years ago... is a wound... and a scar. I thought everything would be fine if I pretended not to remember. Seeing how it still hurts me, I guess I was wrong. Wow, this beach is really beautiful. Do you think I can take this good of a picture? What? Are you worried about today's trial? No, I'm not. I have a witness and the autopsy result. But the witness is a five-year-old child, and you're not sure about the autopsy result due to the organ transplants. That's true, but you already saw me win the trial in your dream. Still, you shouldn't let your guard down. Don't worry. I won't. That's my man. If you do, I'll give you a good scolding. COURT IN SESSION We'll begin the witness testimony. Hello, Se-hyeong. Can you hear me? Yes. Could you tell us what you told the police officer who rescued you? REAL-TIME VIDEO TESTIMONY No. Isn't he too young? -Can he testify at all? -Tell me about it. Se-hyeong, you need to tell us what you saw. Mommy. I don't think he can testify. Let's give him some time and try again later. The defense lawyer, how about you do the cross examination later? I think I can do it now since it's not related to the incident. Is that so? Are you okay if he does it now? Yes. Isn't it so scary here? You want to go home, right? Yes. What did you take when you came here? A bus. What was the bus number? I don't remember. If you tell me the bus number, you can go home soon. You still don't remember? I remember now. It was 6. Could his mother confirm it? Did you take the 6 bus? No, we took the 434 bus. Se-hyeong, did you lie just now? I don't know! He's just five, after all. -That'll be all. -How can he possibly testify? He just made that kid a liar in no time. He's the only witness, and the lawyer cast doubt on him. Is it going to end like this? The prosecution, would you like to carry on with your questioning? Yes. Your Honor, I won't be talking in a formal way in order to form an emotional bond with the witness. I hope you understand. Sure. Hello, Se-hyeong. I'm a friend of Santa Claus. You know who Santa Claus is, don't you? Yes. But are you really his friend? All of his friends wear this uniform, and we can fly in the sky at Christmas. What the hell? Se-hyeong, you never lie to Santa Claus, right? No. Then you won't lie to me since I'm Santa's friend, right? I won't. Did you draw the police officer this drawing on that day? Yes. Wow, this is such a good drawing. Do you remember what this man said to this man? Yes, I remember. I hope to listen to a recording from Lee Hwan's phone, exhibit 67, and the witness's answer at the same time. Your Honor, if we listen to it now, the child might repeat what he hears. No, he might've already listened to it in advance. We will listen to the recording after the child answers my question. And we found this recording during the investigation, so Se-hyeong has never listened to it. You can carry on with your questioning. All right, Se-hyeong. What did this man say to this man? He pushed him and asked him if he was drunk and something about what he did. Are you drunk? Even if so, it's equivalent to attacking me. Then what did this man say? He said he didn't need something. And he said he learned how to polish shoes. I don't need to become an author. You only made me wash your car and shine your shoes. What's the point of becoming an author? The two are similar. The credibility of the witness has been proved. Now he should ask about the murder. Okay, Se-hyeong. We're almost done. What did these two do after that? The man in gray clothes choked and pushed the man in white clothes. He pushed him really hard. Then what happened to the man in white clothes? He suddenly fell asleep. He fell asleep? Then what did the man in gray clothes do to him after that? He threw him down the elevator shaft. It means he did it with intent to kill. This is good. That'll be all. Gosh. Hey, the friend of Santa Claus. Damn it. Slow down, or you'll end up flying in the sky. What? What do you want? I didn't expect you to do that in court. You're trying really hard. I should. The murderer was about to get away with what he did. I should try hard. I'd do more than that if I had to. More? At the next trial? Sure. It's very rare to carry out an autopsy and organ transplants at the same time. It's not that rare. Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. -We'll see then. -Yes, we will. Welcome. Hey, Seung-won. Hey, Dae-gu. Do you work here? -Do you live nearby? -Yes. I need ten-liter garbage bags and two-liter food garbage bags. Ten bags each. Are you running an errand for your mom? No, my parents passed away, and my brother doesn't know anything about housework. So here I am. Oh, and this one too. Does your brother come here often? If you see someone tall and handsome acting like a ten-year-old boy, that's my brother. Beware of him. Seung-won. Yes? Can you ask him a favor and ask him to meet my father? Your father? Hey, you should be friends with Seung-won. His brother is a prosecutor. Who knows? Maybe he'll help your father get out of jail. Well... he's really busy these days with a really important trial. I see. Pretend you didn't hear that then. I shouldn't have said that. I'm home. Hey. Why are you moving the chair? I don't think we need this now, so I'm putting it away. Then we won't have enough chairs tomorrow morning. I won't invite them for breakfast anymore. -Why? -Because it's too much work for me. And I don't want to see Prosecutor Jeong. Mom. Mother! I peed by myself. The pee came out by itself! Really? That's good. That's really good. I'm so proud of you, my prince. Your grandma will be here in 30 minutes. Can you stay by yourself until then? Yes. Chan-ho. There are a lot of people we should be grateful to and I should repay for what they did for us. I know. You should go repay them. I'm okay now. Hey, it's me. Where are you now? What do you mean? I'm on my way to your house for breakfast. I'm sorry, but I think we'll have to skip breakfast today. -Why? -Mom's busy with her restaurant lately, and can't make us breakfast for a while. Okay. -Oh, yeah, I found your portable battery. -What? You know, the red battery that you left in my car. Oh, that one. I'll bring it next time we meet. And bring your umbrella. It'll rain today. Okay. What are you doing here? Were you waiting for us? I want to eat out for a change. Come with me. I'll just eat at your house. I don't like to eat out. No, you like to eat out. Just come with us. Let's go. When will the trial begin? At two. Why? Do you want to come? Of course. It's the last trial. I should go see if the slow tortoise will catch the hares. Let's go. Did you bring your umbrella? It'll rain. Of course. Hey, let go of me. I heard Lawyer Lee disagreed with the autopsy report. Yes. So the autopsy doctor will testify today. I've never seen someone disagree with an autopsy report. He'll find fault with the fact that the autopsy was conducted after the organ transplants. I didn't know Yu-beom was this cunning. Mr. Jeong. How about I join you at today's trial? Let me question the doctor. Why? Because I can't stand cunning people. Will that be okay? Sure. I can't ask for more than that. -I appreciate it, Ms. Son. -No. I should be thanking you. What do you mean? I don't know why, I'm grateful to you too these days. Gosh, you're so adorable. {\an8}AUTOPSY REPORT Did you write this autopsy report yourself? {\an8}Yes. After the autopsy, what was the cause of death you found? {\an8}It was a traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage {\an8}caused by the head injury after he fell. {\an8}The autopsy was conducted after organ transplants. How was that possible? When the victim arrived at the hospital, the only wounds were the hemorrhage and a fracture of his neck bone. And when we did CT and MRI scans for organ transplants, the rest of the organs were healthy. So we were able to rule out the possibility of other causes of death. Then we carried out the organ transplants and autopsy. Is it possible that an autopsy result can be changed or contaminated by organ transplants? No, it's not possible. {\an8}ISSUE 1 She's trying to be one step ahead. She's forestalling the defense by asking the witness the questions Lawyer Lee's going to ask. According to the report, the victim's thyroid cartilage was fractured. What does that mean? The thyroid cartilage is a part that surrounds the vocal cords, and a fracture of this part is a common sign of choking. Could it be damaged by the fall? I mean, if the victim fell by accident because he was drunk. It's highly unlikely. But, as the defense claims, what if we assume it was fractured because of the fall? If the fall could damage the thyroid cartilage, I would've found fractures of his jawbone and cervical spine, which I didn't. {\an8}Most importantly, signs of strangulation were found around the thyroid cartilage, and those signs are only identified when the victim is choked by hands. This one is eliminated too. Okay. To sum up, the victim was choked by someone's hands, became unconscious, fell down the elevator shaft and died of a traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage. Is this correct? Yes, that's correct. That'll be all. The defense, proceed with the cross-examination. Sure. Okay. {\an8}When exactly was the victim Lee Hwan pronounced brain-dead? {\an8}It was at 8:30 a.m. on June 2, 2016. {\an8}Then when was cardiac death pronounced? {\an8}It was at 5:17 p.m. on June 2, 2016. About nine hours later, right? Then how was the time of death determined? We clamped the aorta with forceps to carry out the organ transplants {\an8}and recorded the time as time of death. Then that time is the same as the one in this indictment notice, am I right? Yes. That'll be all. What? Did he disagree with the evidence just to ask that? I know. What's he up to? The victim Lee Hwan's life... was taken away by his professor he once admired. But the accused Mun Tae-min has constantly changed his statement to hide his crime and denied the charge from the day of the incident to today. He has not repented of his crime at all. Therefore, I demand ten years in prison for the accused for murder according to Article 250, Criminal Act. Next, let's hear the closing statement of the defendant. This trial is almost over. The five-year-old child's testimony and the autopsy conducted after organ transplants. All the evidence is missing something to prove murder. As I watched them try to prove murder with the incomplete evidence, this question kept coming to my mind. Can we really hold Mun Tae-min... responsible for murder? How can he say such nonsense so seriously? According to the doctor, the victim Lee Hwan was pronounced brain-dead at 8:30 a.m. on June 2, 2016, and nine hours later, at 5:17 p.m., his heart stopped after the organ transplants. As you know, the Criminal Act doesn't consider brain death to be death. It's only considered death when the heart stops. The Organ Transplantation Act is the same. The brain-dead patient's family is still called "family." Only after organ transplants are they called "the bereaved." Don't tell me... If the victim Lee Hwan became brain-dead because of the head injury and died because his heart stopped, the accused should be held responsible for the death. But after the victim became brain-dead, his heart didn't stop by itself. His heart stopped... because of the organ transplants. No... The accused was not the one who made his heart stop. I'll clamp the aorta. A doctor clamped the aorta to transplant the organs. It was him who stopped it. Therefore, the death the Criminal Act acknowledges was caused... by the doctor, not by the accused. That's ridiculous. Legally speaking, the victim didn't die because of what the accused did. He died because of the organ transplants. He's really got the devil's tongue. Therefore, the accused can't be held responsible for the victim's death. Also, the accused... pleads not guilty to murder. How can this be... What are you talking about? Who did you say killed my son? Sir, please calm down. I mean, did he say a doctor killed my son? Not that man? Let go of me! No. What he said is just bullshit. So don't worry. I'll take him outside. Sir, come with me. Don't worry about the trial. The prosecutor over there will explain why it's such bullshit. Please leave quietly. Look, how can he leave when he can't understand it? If you were in his shoes, why can't we hold that man responsible? Think about it. If that man hadn't hit his son, he would be alive now. And the doctor wouldn't have done the surgery. Am I wrong? Please leave. Gosh, Reporter Nam is so bold. She said everything she wanted to say. Sorry. The prosecution, do you have anything more to say? You want me to do it? No, I'll do it. Yes, I have. Goodness. Is this what the law is for? Does the bastard become innocent just because my son had transplant surgery? No. The law is not that sloppy. He will get what he deserves in the end. I shouldn't have agreed to the organ transplants. It's all my fault. Damn it. Sir, you can't blame yourself for this. The victim's father is probably blaming himself after hearing what the defense said. Damn it. "Because I agreed to the organ transplants, the guy who killed my son won't be punished. I thought I was doing a good thing, but it turned out not to be true. The law is on the bad guys' side." He will think like this. But the law shouldn't be like that. No. Of course not. It shouldn't... The victim became brain-dead because of the accused. As the defense lawyer said, if a few days had passed without the organ transplants, his heart would've stopped and he would've been dead. Just like every other brain-dead patient. Just because there was the organ transplantation in the middle of this process, does that mean the accused is innocent? It doesn't make sense. I'm sorry to say this, but your son would've died in a few days even without the organ transplants. He would've died without the doctor who clamped the aorta. But what if your son wasn't beaten up by Mun at that time? If that moment didn't occur, would the victim have died? It's pretty simple to see who is responsible for the death. You can just rule out one by one in the process of death. He would've died anyway without the doctor who clamped the aorta. But if we rule out the accused, it becomes a whole different story. If the accused didn't do what he did, the victim would still be alive, trying to achieve his dream. It wasn't the organ transplantation that killed your son. And it wasn't you either. It was Mun who killed your son. You shouldn't be confused about that. The law shouldn't be confused about that. The law should be able to tell who played the most crucial role in his death, fair and square. Just because the Criminal Act says death is determined by the heart's death, does that mean the accused is innocent? If so, we can't say... there's any justice in that decision. Also, the victim's father's decision... to give seven people new lives... should never work to the accused's advantage. Because that decision would not be just. I hope... we will find justice in the decision, just like... our legal maxim, "Justice rolls down... like waters." COURT IN SESSION Prosecutor Jeong. Ms. Son, thank you for today. I should be the one thanking you. Thanks to you, I'll finally be able to get a good sleep. Thank you. Okay. Thank you so much. Oh, sure. Well... Thank you too. Thank you. ONE TISSUE IS ENOUGH Fuck! The tissue's run out? Yes. You want me to lend you my handkerchief? That's okay. I'm home. Hong-ju, I've collected all of your sheets. I don't think we can wash all of them at home. I'll take them to a laundry nearby. Mom. Will we not invite them tomorrow morning as well? No. Mom, I went to see Jae-chan's trial today. And after I saw the trial, I realized that I'd been confused all this time. Confused about what? Like you said, I blamed myself for my dad's death for a long time. And for Jae-chan's incident too. So I had a really hard time, but I was able to see that I was confused, thanks to that trial. Dad died because of the army deserter. And Yu Su-yeong's father shot Jae-chan. Those things would have happened anyway without me. Right? Yes. I didn't realize I was blaming the wrong person. I was confused for a long time. So? Do you feel relieved now? You don't blame yourself now? No, I don't. Why is there so much to wash? Mother. No. Ma'am, hello. -Are you here to do the laundry? -Yes. Other people may not notice it, but I can. You've been blaming yourself for what happened to your dad and Jae-chan, and it's eating away at you. You'll keep blaming yourself for everything, and it'll eat away at you more and more. Ma'am. I have something to tell you. It's not Hong-ju's fault that I got hurt. It's Yu Man-ho's. And I'm sure she knows that -and won't be-- -She won't be confused? So she won't blame herself, right? How did you know that? It's her doing, isn't it? She told you I'd be here, so you came here. Am I wrong? No, that's not it. I'm here to do the laundry. It's just a coincidence. That makes no sense. You never do housework, but look at you coming here with the laundry. It's not natural or probable. I do some housework too, Mother. No... Ma'am. I know what I said before, but you can call me Mother if you want. I'm sorry that I've treated you coldly. I knew I shouldn't do that to you. You know how selfish we can be. I've hurt you for my child's sake. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I'm so sorry. Don't be. I'm okay. Then do you forgive me? Sure, Mother. Thank you for liking and caring for my Hong-ju. No, I should be the one thanking you, Mother-In-Law. No. Ma'am. Mother. That's the one. This is good. What? There's a red car. Wow, whose car is this? -Oh, gosh. -Hey, Mr. Jeong. What are you doing in front of my car? Is this your car? Yes, it is. This is my car. Mine. It's one of my dream cars. The red one. Just tell me when. I'll definitely let you borrow my car. -You mean it? -Sure. -Why? -I just checked the notice. The judge announced the sentence on Mun Tae-min. He's guilty of murder and sentenced to seven years in prison! It should've been ten years. But it's good enough. You did a great job. And... thank you. You too? Why is everyone thanking me? Is doing my job something people should thank me for? Well, you're just doing your job. But... I'm just thankful. Mr. Lee, you said you'll let me borrow this car whenever I want, right? Sure. Why? Okay. Then, now! Now? -Give me the key! -Okay... Can you get off work now? If we leave now, we can see the beach for an hour. Wow, we're going to the beach! It's the beach! It's the beach from the picture. How did you find it? I searched everywhere on the web. So, is it the same as the one in your dream? Yes, it's the same. You're lying. No, I'm not. Actually, this is prettier. You didn't dream about it. I know you lied. How did you know? I told you, I'm a human lie detector. And you're really bad at lying. You kept saying I shouldn't let my guard down, and you even came to the trial. Your face was screaming that you were lying. Why didn't you say anything then? And why did we come here? I just thought you'd want to see the beach. I knew you'd want to see me win the trial... as well as the beach. So I tried hard. I mean, I tried really hard. Thank you for trying really hard. Will you come with me? No, it's too early to go into the water. I'll just watch. Okay, then. That's a relief. The water's not that cold. Come on. Don't lie to me. You're so cold that your lips are turning blue. No, I'm not. Wow, this is going to be the best photo of your life. Really? Then send that photo to me quickly. Wow. I mean, this is... Wow, it's seriously good. Really? How good is it? Let me see that. How do I look in it? It's surreal. Wait! No! No! Don't! I used to think that it'd be a blessing... to know the future in advance. But that blessing takes away the excitement that gifts give... breaks one's spirit to challenge... {\an8}MY DEATH - ON A RAINY DAY ...and puts out a flicker of hope. SBC BLUE TEAM UNIFORM Around 5 a.m. today, 52-year-old prisoner Mr. Myeong took his own life in Gumin Penitentiary by hanging himself with a rope made from his underwear. The future that can't be changed... The future that's already decided... Dad... Myeong was the culprit of the shocking IV serial killings and was sentenced to life imprisonment in May 2015. And it's another name for despair, and it's a repetition of futile days that makes you give up and lose everything. Myeong wrote about how he felt wronged and about his wish to uncover the truth in his suicide note. Lieutenant Han, are the walkies there fully charged? Well... When did you put these here? What? The light is green. They're fully charged. Okay. I hope this moment and this beach I gave her as a gift... gave her a break from those futile days. I hope... it was an exciting day. Subtitle translation by Wayne Ryu 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 