While You Were Sleeping: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 While You Were Sleeping 
 s1e15 - Stand by Me - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 While You Were Sleeping (2017): Season 1, Episode 15 - Stand by Me - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an8}This is Unit Four of Sanggu Patrol Division. An abduction has been reported. {\an8}Requesting an ambulance and backup to the rooftop of Haekwang in Mogok-dong. {\an8}Are you sure you can trust the report? {\an8}Yes, we must get there within five minutes. {\an8}Sir, please go faster. An injection of this will paralyze all the muscles in your body and will make you stop breathing. You will die quietly in five minutes. It's a blessing to die this way. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What time is it now? What time is it? Where am I? Do you want to know when and where you'll die? We're at the rooftop of Haekwang Law Firm, and it's 10:30 p.m. now. Jae-chan. Did you hear that? You heard her, right? Please... She's funny. What the heck? Why isn't this working? What? What is this about? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How can we get to the rooftop? There is a blackout, so the elevator stopped working. Damn it. The emergency staircase is at the end of the hall. Let me borrow your flashlight. What's wrong? You seem scary. You look like you might kill me. Yes. I'm going to. Are you telling me you'll commit murder? No. I'm going to get rid of the trash. You tried to kill the reporter over there and me. And I killed you when I tried to stop you from killing us. It will be considered self-defense to protect her, and I will be found innocent. You told me yourself that I should take care of it so that we are problem-free and it can be a win-win for both of us. And this is the answer I reached. U-tak. It's over there! There it is. Hong-ju! Take care of Hong-ju. What's going on? What happened? Hey, mister. Are you all right? Take care of her first. Hong-ju! -I can still feel her pulse. -Put her down. What? That's not the problem. She can't breathe because her lungs are paralyzed. -What? -Explain the situation to the paramedics and tell them to hurry with an Ambu bag. Okay. Hong-ju, please. Hang in there. Please. Hong-ju, please hang in there. Hong-ju. Please. Wake up. Hey! Hong-ju. Please hang in there. Are you all right? Yes. I feel a bit dizzy, but other than that, I'm fine. We're from Hangang Police Station. Could you explain to us what happened on the rooftop? I met with Ms. Nam in my office for an interview. And we were drinking coffee. All of a sudden, I didn't feel any energy in my body. Someone must have drugged the coffee. I saw it when I was semiconscious. A woman named Ha Ju-an left my office while carrying Reporter Nam on her back. I tried my best to stop her, but I couldn't move freely because of the drug. That woman named Ha Ju-an is the one who fell and died, right? Yes. A few days ago, she came to me. She told me that she was the culprit behind the IV Drip Serial Murder case. She came for a consult. There was a real culprit behind the case? Yes. Oh, my. No way. I advised her to confess, but she didn't take my advice. When she saw I was meeting with Reporter Nam, she must have misunderstood that I was exposing her to the media. That's why she put the drug in the coffee to kill you both? Well, it's only my guess. Then, tell us what happened after that. Although I didn't have any energy left, I was still somewhat conscious. I thought I had to stop the murder no matter what. I barely followed her to the rooftop. -No! -But Ha Ju-an had already injected the drug into Reporter Nam's body. I wanted to stop her, but I couldn't move because of the drug. And she began to attack me immediately. When I was trying to stop her, I had a scuffle with Ha Ju-an. And I had no choice but to push her. She fell off the rooftop just like that. After that, you tried to rescue Reporter Nam and passed out. Yes. Had I not been drugged, I could have saved her. Don't worry. She's safe. She's safe? Does it mean she's alive? Yes. She is. How... I thought the drug would have killed her within five minutes of consumption. Right. Everyone said it was a miracle. Had she been a minute late, she would've been dead. Prosecutor Jeong Jae-chan quickly performed CPR and saved her. Prosecutor Jeong Jae-chan? Was he at the scene? She was really lucky. Well, thank goodness he was there. Right. What a relief. Doctor. How's Hong-ju? How is she? She's out of the woods for now. Luckily, you performed CPR quickly, so she'll live. But the only thing is that we don't know for sure when she'll wake up. You don't know? She wasn't able to breathe for a long time. During that time, she had a lack of oxygen supply to her brain. And she must be traumatized from the incident. For now, it's hard to be optimistic or pessimistic about her condition. Mother. I'm fine. I'm okay. I'm sorry. I should have stopped it sooner. No. Thank you. You saved her. I'm glad she's still alive. I'm thankful for that. Don't worry. Hong-ju is going to wake up. She'll wake up safe and sound. How's Hong-ju? She's out of the woods for now. But she hasn't woken up yet. Just now, I listened to Lee Yu-beom's statement to the police. What did he say? {\an8}I think he's going to argue self-defense. Where is he right now? Is he in the ER? No. Mr. Choi. Why? Why? Why so suddenly... You can't leave me like this. Why now? Why now of all time? Why... Why do you have to leave me all alone? Why? Mr. Choi. I'm sorry, Prosecutor Jeong. No one knows that you resigned. And Hyang-mi promised not to tell anyone. Just pretend that you're on vacation for a few days. You can come back to work. I won't go back. I'm going to work at Haekwang Law Firm. You're quitting to work with Yu-beom? Yes. Wait. Why? A long time ago, my younger brother armed himself and ran away from the army. Whenever he called me to say that he was having a hard time, -I'm busy. Bye. -I told him that everyone went through it and told him that it was part of growing up. I only scolded him. I didn't even listen to his story. I felt bad. I really felt bad that I didn't listen to him. So when my brother came to me after running away from the army, I was more focused on filling up his empty stomach than convincing him to turn himself in. But my brother killed my chief and killed other people. I wanted to kill myself. I realized that I abetted his crimes. Why now? You had a lot of chances to tell me. You should have told me when we met. It would've been easier. What do you want me to do now? Do you want my forgiveness? -Or do you want me to hate you even more? -No. You asked me why I chose to work at Haekwang. And here's my answer to you. {\an8}I don't want to abet crimes anymore. {\an8}ABET: ASSISTING SOMEONE TO COMMIT A CRIME {\an8}I can't be aiding and abetting anymore just like that time. That's why I'm quitting. That's the only reason. Mr. Choi. Don't be a fool, Prosecutor Jeong. If you go to Lawyer Lee right now and argue with him, you're making a fool of yourself. If you do that, you won't be able to achieve anything. You won't be able to investigate this case or lead the trial. You won't be able to get anything done. You have two options. You can go to him now and punch him. {\an8}But you'll be excluded from the investigation and the trial. {\an8}Or be patient for now. {\an8}And you can crush him with your investigation and at the trial. How did you know I would be here? It was something like telepathy. You caused a ruckus against Lawyer Lee and got kicked out. So you couldn't do anything. I sort of have a superpower, you know. Why? Do you think I'm talking nonsense? No. I don't think it's nonsense. I won't be a fool. Yes. There's my chief's son. I really missed you. My chief's son. You're certain that Ha Ju-an was the arsonist behind the fire at the container, right? The gas station's security camera caught a woman who looked like her buying gas. And all the footprints found at the scene belong to Ha Ju-an. When I tracked the burner phone she had through the cell tower, it matched the culprit's routes. Let's settle that Ha Ju-an is the suspect of the fire incident. And since she died, close the case as there's no right of arraignment. Yes, sir. Okay. And you're sure she was the real culprit behind the IV Drip Murder, right? When I retraced the incidents that happened after Myeong I-seok's arrest, I found that all the victims shared the same room with Ha Ju-an at the hospital. When I raided her house, I found the drug bottle and syringes she used. It's the same bottle that was found at the scene. Then, since she's dead, this case will also be closed without prosecution. NON-INDICTMENT DUE TO NO RIGHT OF ARRAIGNMENT Who fabricated the evidence? Ha Ju-an fabricated the evidence. I didn't do it. So are you telling us that the one who framed his father was Ha Ju-an, not you? If my memory serves me right, I found the drug bottles at your dad's office at the hospital. As she was a patient, she probably had access to your father's office at the hospital. What do you think? Doesn't that make sense? It does. It's so easy to piece this together. But why was it so hard back then when it is this so easy now? Why didn't you think of that when my dad was arrested? -He kneeled down. -He's kneeling down. I'm sorry. I should have kept questioning the case, but I didn't know there would be a meticulous culprit like Ha Ju-an. It's all my fault. Since it's your fault, you ought to take responsibility for it. I want to take responsibility, but the mistake I made wasn't a violation of the law. -Bring back my dad! -Dae-gu! -Bring my dad back! -They're fighting. -Stop it. -Shouldn't we stop them? Bring my dad back. Goodness. Now that Ha Ju-an is dead, all these cases are closed without any indictment. Right. It's all settled that Ha Ju-an was behind everything. {\an8}So we should focus on following up Ha Ju-an's murder case. Hong-ju just woke up. Sir, may I step out for a moment? Why? What happened? Reporter Nam is awake. That's good news. Go ahead. -Thank you. I'll be back. -Go. I'm really glad. I was worried. Mr. Lee, why don't you form a team with Rookie and lead the trial, too? I heard that the CEO, Go Seong-ho, will represent Lee Yu-beom. You will need backup. I need backup? That CEO is just a mere lawyer. He can't be that impressive. Goodness. He's the lawyer who got Lee Yu-beom's warrant dismissed. It's a homicide case. He managed to keep Lee out of prison. Isn't that impressive? That must be why his annual salary is ten billion won. Ten billion won? My gosh. Then, how much does he make in a day? He earns about 27 million won every day. So if he works for four days, it would beat your annual salary. Aren't I quick with numbers? You are. You're so quick that I want to curse you. I'll team up with Rookie and proceed with the trial. {\an8}VISITING HOURS: 11:00 A.M. TO 11:30 A.M. Excuse me. Let me go. I'll be quick. Just give me five minutes. No, a minute. I'll just check on her and leave. I'm sorry. Please make a visit during the next visiting hours. Please let me check if she's okay. I'm fine. Hong-ju. Are you all right? Can you move your arms and legs? Can you recognize me? Of course. I also know that you tried so hard to save me. I heard everything. I didn't miss a thing. I heard everything. I'm glad. I'm really glad. Thank you for getting rid of my long-standing nightmare. Are you sure you can walk? Don't you feel dizzy? I'm fine. That's why I waited for you outside the ICU. They'll move me to a regular room later today. How did you know I'd be late? Did you have another dream? I had a lot of dreams about you when I was unconscious. So I sort of know how the case is going and what lies Lee Yu-beom told. And I also know about Mr. Choi. So Mr. Choi was the police officer. Yes. You cried in my dream. I cried with you. HAEKWANG LAW CHOI DAM-DONG Mr. Choi, I brought you coffee. My gosh, thank you. How is it? Do you like your office? Yes, as for my desk, it's bigger than the chief's. We have a fitness center and sauna in our building. You should use the facilities. My gosh, I should brag about this to Hyang-mi. Right. I heard that Reporter Nam woke up. She woke up? Why? Isn't that a good thing? Of course. That's great. Great. Of course, that's great. We have one more ally on our side. Sir. Hello. I just need to read off what you wrote at the trial, correct? Did you finish the draft for your argument? Yes, sir. Is this it? Yes, sir. Let's have a meal with Reporter Nam. She's on our side. We need to go over our story together before trial. Sir, I have something to tell you. What? What is it? Reporter Nam might not be on our side. Why not? You risked your life to save her. She could have misunderstood my role in the situation. She probably wasn't able to assess the situation correctly. DEFENSE ARGUMENT Tell me how she could have misunderstood it. I haven't been to court in a while. I don't want to embarrass myself. Hey, Lawyer Lee. Yes. Do you think I'm representing you because I value you? Do you think I took your case for this chicken feed? No, sir. No. I don't care what kind of person you are. I don't trust you, either. Whether you killed her intentionally or not isn't my concern. I just don't want any dirt on my law firm's name. You must tell me the truth for me to either get rid of the dirt or clean up the dirt. Tell me about the misunderstanding now. Sir. Actually... Getting discharged isn't a big deal. We could've gone home by ourselves. Right. I'm not a kid, you know. You're not a kid, but you are an important witness for my trial. I requested the police for witness protection. Witness protection? Nothing will probably happen, but I was just being cautious. We can't let Yu-beom hurt you. Will they be following me around until the trial? Yes. Just put up with it for a few days. The trial is around the corner. There they come. Hello. -What? -We'll be in charge of Ms. Nam's witness protection program. -I'm Han U-tak of Sanggu Patrol Division. -And I'm Oh Gyeong-han. We'll keep you safe until the trial. U-tak. I'm glad it's you guys. Are you all right? I was really worried. Yes, I'm fine. Jae-chan told me. I heard you did everything you could to save me. My gosh, that's a bit exaggerated. Are you the only police officer in Hangang-gu? I know, right? I was really surprised when I was assigned to this task. What a coincidence. "Coincidence"? That's nonsense. It's one of the two. Either Prosecutor Jeong requested him or Lieutenant Han volunteered for this task. I didn't request him. I didn't volunteer. This means that one of them is lying without batting an eye. But, I don't care about that, so let's get going. Thank you. Move. You're lying. Gosh, liar. Drive safe. {\an8}PROSECUTOR LEE JI-GWANG Let's order dinner from Dongchunwon. And check the list of seized items. Yes, sir. Dongchunwon doesn't open on Sundays. Should I prepare cup noodles? Leave it. I'll do it. Should I make one for you, too? Yes. I want kimchi cup noodles. How are you so composed? What do you mean? Reporter Nam almost died. If I were you, I would have tried to punch Yu-beom several times. Do I look composed to you? Yes. It's starting to scare me. No. I'm livid. You! Let go! I think about grabbing him by the collar and beating him up every single moment. And? -Stop it. -Hold on. I told you to stop! But it was awful when I thought about what would happen afterward. I would be excluded from the investigation and the trial. I wouldn't be able to do anything. Are you a thug? I wouldn't be able to argue my case. He'd get a restraining order against me. I'd ruin everything. So you're holding it in? Yes, my jaw feels numb every morning because I clench my teeth when I sleep. I have a mouthpiece. Do you want to borrow it? It helps. You should have told me sooner. Bring that tomorrow. Sure. I ought to. What's mine is all yours now. I should let you borrow my car and mouthpiece. DRUG BOTTLE, VECARON, 3 BOTTLES Whose handwriting is this? It's mine. Could you read the highlighted part here? I have presbyopia. You cannot make a mistake. Okay? Witness, why can't you tell me about the color of the umbrella? What was the color of the umbrella? I cannot distinguish colors well. What am I going to do, Robin? I guess I'm going to mess everything up. Don't be nervous. We'll probably just review the evidence today. It's our first one. It's Ten Billion Won at your three o'clock. Prosecutor Lee, I've heard so much about you. Nice to meet you, Mr. Jeong. Same here. It's nice to meet you. Ten Billion... I mean, Mr. Go. I saw the list of your evidence. I could see that you led a thorough investigation. You think so? Then, please don't object too much to the evidence we brought in. Having too many witnesses will be a headache. Of course. I don't like it when the trials run long. COURT IN SESSION Defense, will you object to the evidence? Yes, Your Honor. I object to evidence number three, evidence number seven, evidence number eleven... Seriously? He said he wouldn't object. -...evidence number thirteen. -Fine, object to all of our evidence. I thought about objecting to evidence number 15, but I will not. Gosh, thank you. I object to evidence number 17. Evidence number 17 is the victim, Ms. Nam Hong-ju's written statement. Do you still object? Yes. Ms. Nam is the only eyewitness of this incident. Depending on her statement, the defendant will be found guilty or not guilty. So I believe we must listen to her testimony in court and assess the validity carefully. I see. Are there any other evidences you'll object to? Yes, I have a lot to go. Evidence number 19, What? Why is he objecting to Mr. Choi's statement? Must we summon Choi Dam-dong as well? Yes. The prosecution is arguing that the defendant murdered Ha Ju-an to cover up for allegedly fabricating the evidence of the IV Drip Murder case in the past. We must summon the investigator in charge of the case to examine their argument in detail. And I object to evidence number 34 and evidence number 44. Evidence number 44? {\an8}STATEMENT, HAN U-TAK Must we summon Han U-tak as well? The prosecution is arguing that the defendant murdered and that there was an intention of murder based on Han U-tak's statement. We need to listen to his testimony and go over it in court. SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY Prosecution, will you move to have Nam Hong-ju, Choi Dam-dong, and Han U-tak so that they can be questioned in court at your next trial? -Yes, Your Honor. -Yes, Your Honor. He's planning to challenge the witnesses' credibility. It will be a long trial. What's all this? You worked hard to protect Hong-ju for the past few days. I wanted to treat you. This is from the bottom of my heart. You always give the impression that you're not that generous when expressing your gratitude. -No. -No, he's generous with me. My gosh. Who is this? Well, that's... Goodness. It's that lady. The lady you like, right? What? Really? Is that the shadow of the lady you like? Yes. Well, I guess. She's pretty. I bet she looks feminine, but smart at the same time. Right? Who? You? No, this lady. Hey, how can you tell just by looking at her shadow? I can tell right away. My gosh, you're so dull. Yes, Du-hyeon. Yes. Are you coming to Lee Yu-beom's trial tomorrow? Gosh. She's the last one to say that to me. She can't even recognize her own shadow. Right. So you knew. You knew that I knew. Yes. Let's not make this awkward. I'll pretend that I don't know. Let's keep being friends. You have a big heart. Then, can we finally drop the honorifics? No, my heart isn't big enough for that. Gosh, there will be a lot of reporters tomorrow. I can't make a mistake tomorrow. I'm really nervous, too. You can't be more nervous than me. It's hurting my heart. Yogurt. -Yogurt. -Yogurt. Yesterday, today, and tomorrow. We've been living our lives in status quo. And a special day was just beginning. Get in, Mr. Choi. I'll give you a ride to the courthouse. Okay. Some will rejoice. Some will be in rage. You'll be okay. And some will remember today as a sad day for a long time. {\an8}CUTIE: TODAY'S AN IMPORTANT DAY, RIGHT? I'LL GO TO SHOW MY SUPPORT Sir, are you ready? I couldn't be more ready. I'm completely ready. At the end of the day today, we will listen to someone's last words. "Don't cry. Keep your regrets short. Just remember it for a long time." See you inside. You must be nervous. Yes, I am. Don't be so nervous. People might think I'm the prosecutor, and you're the defendant. I'll try. Don't try to complicate the trial. You'll have your answer if you use your logic. A lawyer joined hands with a serial killer to kill a reporter. And a serial killer tried to kill a lawyer and a reporter. Which one makes more sense? I'm not sure. I think our argument makes more sense. Okay. I'm dying to know whose story the judge is going to believe more? I'm dying to know as well whose story the judge will believe this time. WITNESS Hold on. Hello. Reporter Nam. It's been a while. Are you all right? Yes. I'm completely recovered. I'm glad to hear that. It's been so long, mister. Yes. I missed you a lot. Me too. All rise. Take your seats, please. Everyone from the defense and prosecution is present, correct? Yes, Your Honor. -Yes, Your Honor. -Yes, Your Honor. Yes. The prosecution is arguing that the defendant murdered Ha Ju-an to cover up for allegedly fabricating the evidence of the IV Drip Murder case in the past. The key point of this trial is whether or not the defendant indeed fabricated the evidence in the past. Witness, on December 12, 2014, you had been to Myeong I-seok's office to search and seize relevant items, correct? Yes, I had been there. On the end of the list, it says here "three bottles of vecaron." What is vecaron? It's the drug the culprit of IV Drip Serial Murder used. The culprit injected the drug into the IV drip and killed 11 patients. It has been concluded that Ha Ju-an was the culprit of the IV Drip Serial Murder case. It's been speculated that the bottles were fabricated and planted at the scene. Is that your opinion as well? Yes. I do believe the bottles were fabricated and planted. He said they were planted. As I observed the list, these important drug bottles were written on the very bottom of the list in different handwriting. Could you explain this to me? We listed all the items we seized at the scene first. And once we brought the items to our office, we were comparing the items and the list. At the office, we wrote down items that we missed at the scene, so that's why. Then, whose handwriting is this? Whose handwriting is this? It's mine. DRUG BOTTLE, VECARON, 3 BOTTLES It's mine. And you were the one who raided the office, weren't you? And you were the one who filled out the list. In addition to that, you were the one who wrote down the confiscated items. Then, who do you think the most likely suspect is for fabricating the evidence? Seriously? Is he trying to frame Mr. Choi for his crime? Is he that low? Your Honor, it's not appropriate to ask speculative questions. Please remove this question from the record. You can ask leading questions when you're cross-examining him. So, that won't be a problem here. Witness. Yes. You can refuse to answer it based on Article 148 of the Criminal Procedure Act. Will you refuse to answer it? Yes. I will not answer it. Then, there's a suspicion that Mr. Choi could have fabricated it. This is bad. This is all. Prosecution, do you want to cross-examine the witness? Yes, Your Honor. Witness. Where did you compare the confiscated items and the list? It was in Lee Yu-beom's office at Yeonju District Prosecutors' Office. Please tell me the people who checked the confiscated items in the office. It was Investigator Seo, Lee Yu-beom who was the prosecutor in charge of the case, and me. That means three people had access to the confiscated items which implies there were three suspects who could've fabricated it. -Is that correct? -Yes. After the case was wrapped up, one person of these three people received a commendation from the Prosecutor General. Pardon? Commendation from the Prosecutor General? That's a random question. -Yes. -Who was it? It was Lawyer Lee Yu-beom. Why didn't all three of you get it? Well, we're just mere investigators. The responsibility and glory of the investigation belongs to the prosecutor. Please tell me when Lawyer Lee was offered a job at Haekwang Law Firm. It was right after the commendation. What was your reward after closing the case? I did not receive any reward at all. When there are several suspects who could've fabricated it, you can easily find out who was responsible by taking a different approach. Who gained from fabricating the evidence? Who was the one with the biggest reward? Who is it? It's Lawyer Lee Yu-beom. That is all. {\an8}We got a headline. PROSECUTION ARGUES THE BIGGEST BENEFICIARY, LEE YU-BEOM, FABRICATED THE EVIDENCE! We dodged this one, didn't we? Yes. Am I next? COURT IN SESSION To evaluate whether the action Lee Yu-beom took is considered self-defense or murder and attempted murder, the most important factor is how the witness, Ms. Nam, was transported to the rooftop. The defense is arguing that Ha Ju-an carried you to the rooftop on her back. Do you remember it? Yes, I remember. But I was carried to the rooftop by the defendant. The defendant is claiming that he couldn't have carried you up as he was intoxicated. No. The defendant wasn't intoxicated by the drug when he went up to the rooftop. How can you be sure? When I was passed out on the rooftop, I saw two of them with the umbrella. I remember clearly that both of them were under the umbrella. As the defendant claims, if Ha Ju-an carried me up, she wouldn't have been able to bring an umbrella. And the drugged defendant would not have had the time to think of bringing two umbrellas. That's true. Hey, Reporter Nam is no joke. She's smart. However, if the defendant wasn't drugged, the story makes sense. The defendant carried me up to the rooftop without being drugged. And Ha Ju-an probably followed him up with two umbrellas. The defendant is arguing that he couldn't have done it as he was intoxicated with the same drug. According to his blood test after the incident, the drug was found in his system. It was probably because he voluntarily took the drug after killing Ha Ju-an... ...in order to argue that it was self-defense. -What? -He did what? That's a speculative answer, but he didn't object. Right. Does it mean he agrees? Why do you think Ha Ju-an took two umbrellas to the rooftop? She was probably going to come back down with Lee Yu-beom later. -I knew it. -That's right. If she were going to come back by herself, she would've brought one. In other words, Lee Yu-beom pushed her off and killed Ha Ju-an, who had no intention of murdering him. And it also means it wasn't self-defense, but murder. -Right. -She has a point. That's scary. This is all. He's a scary guy. Defense, you can question the witness. Yes, Your Honor. {\an8}DEFENSE Witness, according to your memory, the defendant who wasn't drugged carried you who were drugged to the rooftop, correct? Yes. This is the drug the witness and the defendant took on the day of the incident. There are precautions when taking this medicine. Could you read the highlighted part here? I have presbyopia. Could you read the highlighted part here? I have presbyopia. What's wrong? Is there a problem? No. "When taking the medicine, it's been reported there have been... ...many cases of abnormal thinking processes and changes in behaviors. From reported changes, there's hallucination--" Hallucination. Auditory hallucination. {\an8}And there's depersonalization. {\an8}That's what it says, correct? {\an8}DEPERSONALIZATION: FEELING DISCONNECTED OR DETACHED FROM ONESELF Are you telling me that I was hallucinating? No. That was not what I was implying. I was merely talking about the reported side effects of the medicine. During the incident, I did not experience any of these mentioned effects. Most of the people who had such experiences say that they are fine. He just destroyed her credibility completely. That's why he didn't object. He was planning to destroy Reporter Nam's credibility. This is not good. Are we just going to let him attack us? I clearly remember how that man over there carried me to the rooftop, was under an umbrella, and didn't do anything when Ha Ju-an tried to kill me. According to your memory, the defendant carried you up to the rooftop, was under an umbrella, and let Ha Ju-an try to kill you. And all of these memories were after you had been drugged, correct? Your Honor, the defendant is arguing that he was intoxicated with the same drug as the witness. If he's trying to challenge the witness' entire testimony, it is only just the defendant's testimony should be challenged as well. The defendant's claims that he was trying to save the witness, that he pushed Ha Ju-an because she attacked him, and that all of this was self-defense could be the results of the defendant's hallucinations due to the drug. That's right. We need to strike back, too. He's indeed my chief's son. Seeing how the trial is unfolding, your testimony is the most important. Yours is the tiebreaker. Now, Han U-tak's testimony will be the deciding factor. Since the validity of Lee Yu-beom and Nam Hong-ju's testimonies are questioned, Han U-tak is the only witness we have left. -Yes. -When will he testify? If we resume at 4 p.m., he'll testify right away. Mr. Go won't be able to impeach him, will he? Ms. Son, why would you say that? That won't happen. We have two umbrellas as evidence. And Lee Yu-beom and Ha Ju-an's fingerprints are on them, too. To be honest, we don't need him to testify. But the umbrellas were found in the garden on the first floor, not on the rooftop. They were blown away by the wind. On the day of the incident, it was very windy. That's our argument. They will probably argue that they left them on the first floor. We need him to testify that he saw the umbrellas on the rooftop. How is your witness, Han U-tak? You don't need to worry. He was the first police officer to arrive at the scene. His testimony will definitely be admissible. What should I do? If I mess up here, the culprit is going to get away. U-tak, you don't know the colors of the umbrellas, right? Listen up. One of them is green. And the other one is red. I'm certain he's going to ask you how the umbrellas looked. If you can't answer that, they'll find out you're color-blind. Then, you have to quit your job. So memorize it. The long umbrella is green. And the three-fold umbrella is red. Hong-ju. How did you know? That's not important right now. You cannot make a mistake. Okay? No. Say that you're sick and leave. If his lawyer keeps questioning you, he might figure it out. You should go now. I'll tell them you fainted. Then, Lee Yu-beom might be released. That's not important right now. You can't quit your job. You said you could never give up on being a cop. If they find out you're color-blind, you have to give up everything. Go when there's no one here. I'll talk to Jae-chan. So... U-tak. I won't run away. I won't make a mistake. Don't worry. Witness. Please read the oath. You're aware if you lie after being sworn in, you'll be punished for perjury, correct? Yes, I am aware. U-tak. "Oath. I solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I swear that I will accept penalties of perjury in the case where I tell a lie." Hey, Hong-ju. Why are you here alone? Where's Jae-chan? He went back home because he forgot his phone at home. He'll be back soon. Where's your car? It's in the five-day rotation system. We'll be taking the bus together, then. -What are you doing? -What? Nothing. It's nothing. What's taking Jae-chan so long? We're going to be late. Subtitle translation by Won-hyang Son 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 