American Ninja Warrior: Season 12, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Ninja Warrior 
 s12e3 - Qualifier 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Ninja Warrior (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 3 - Qualifier 3 - full transcript 
 In this second third round of Qualifying, the ninjas face up to six challenging obstacles including the high-flying Beehive, which is new to the course this year, in addition to fan ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [exciting music] ♪ - Welcome back to St. Louis. We're indoors, and it's huge. It's the Dome at America's Center, and this is our home for this entire season of "American Ninja Warrior." Hello, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I'm Matt Iseman. - And I'm Akbar Gbajabiamila, and, Matt, I am ready to make some noise tonight. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Well, we can make a lot of noise because, as you can see, there are no fans along the course this season due to COVID safety guidelines. - Yeah, that's right, but even without the crowds, it's a great atmosphere here in the Dome. Last week we saw Flex Labreck set a new record among women ninjas when she got her fifth buzzer. - She's back! - Nick Hanson conquered the Mega Wall. [buzzer blaring] - [screaming] - And Jake Murray was fearless on the Power Tower. - Jake has done it! And once again the field for tonight, Akbar, is loaded. - Yeah, absolutely, and leading the way 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is crowd favorite Jessie Graff. ♪ - She's done it! - The superhero stuntwoman is back, and she brought an impressive group from the West Coast. - It's unbelievable what they can do. ♪ - We've also got the Phoenix, Philadelphia's Najee Richardson. - Yeah! - And he chose two inspiring rookies to join him on the course. - I'm so excited to see these guys come out and kill it. - Michelle Warnky was a warrior last season, hitting two buzzers. Now she's got a new name, and she's bringing two new faces from her Ohio gym. - We're all representing Columbus, Ohio. We hope to make Ohio proud. - ♪ Come on and show me what you got ♪ - Plus the Papal Ninja, Catholic church worker Sean Bryan is back after an injury. - He dislocated his right shoulder. - And he's brought two holy men to spread some hope on the course. - We're all in this together, and we're gonna overcome. - Well, one thing that hasn't changed, Akbar, our course is still a beast. For more on that, let's go down to Zuri Hall. - Thanks, guys. As always, our ninjas are gonna have to survive six obstacles on the qualifying course, but this third one is brand-new, and it's gonna cause some major buzz here tonight. It's called the Beehive, and competitors have to swing across the three honeycombs. That middle one spins 270 degrees. Survive that, and our ninjas will face three more obstacles before they can hit the buzzer. [buzzer blaring] And the night ends here at the Power Tower, where the two fastest will race head-to-head. The winner gets to bring both members of their group to the semifinals. [buzzer blaring] All right, these ninjas wanna get going. Guys. - Well, we're gonna get things cooking Southern style, because leading us off is 51-year-old Bootie Cothran from Possum Kingdom, South Carolina. - Oh. Uh-oh, Bootie got TP! - We'll explain that in a minute. You see, Bootie's part of a fun bunch of characters with some real Southern charm. - This year I'm hitching my Bootie Bandwagon to Dougie Fresh. You can't hang around Dougie without this happy energy going on. And we brought along the Frog Giggin' Ninja, Ben Whitlow... [frog croaks] To have some good, old country-fried fun. - I got him! - This year, life on my farm has been super busy. We thinned out some trees we planted 15 years ago, and we turned them into paper products. The timing was pretty good in terms of, you know, the world's toilet paper supply needs. Business is booming. [toilet flushes] You might have been doing your business with something that originated from our farm. That's two-ply gold, baby. [cash register dings] Tonight, I'm having a TP party on top of the Warped Wall, and everybody's invited. I'm hitting that buzzer. - Well, I got a slogan for it. That toilet paper, it's good for your Bootie. - [laughs] Well, there he goes, sharing the wealth. - And his devoted fans, the Bootie Bandwagon, they're here in spirit, on the sideline with his two Southern sidekicks who we'll see run later. And watching from South Carolina are Bootie's parents... His sister-in-law and brother, and fellow ninjas Grace and Brett Sims. - Whoo! - Yeah, Bootie! [countdown clock beeping] - And here we go, 5'6", 105 pounds, 51 years old. Good agility out of Bootie. Now the Lunatic Ledges. Gotta use that first ledge to swing out and jump to the second. - Matt, you know, the last time I weighed 105 pounds, I was in the third grade. - Whoa, whoa, oh, no! - Oh, no, Bootie! ♪ - Bootie gets flushed on number two. - [laughs] - The Lunatic Ledges. - Well, that was quick. Bootie just didn't work up a big enough swing to reach that second ledge, and he goes flat-out into the water, his hopes wiped out on the second obstacle. - Not the way it was supposed to go, but it's all good, baby. - So now it's the next member of the Southern squad. It's Devin Harrelson, AKA Dougie Fresh. He's always got some swag, Akbar. - He's lighting up the shoes once again. - Well, it's been a tough year for Dougie, but the ninja community came through for him. ♪ [cheers and applause] His best run ever! - Last year, hands down, the best night of my ninja career. - Matt, he's as lit as his shoes. - But then I came home from Atlanta, and my world got rocked. Just never seen something like this, man. Who vandalizes a gym? My ninja gym, my tattoo studio... completely wrecked, destroyed. All the mats are here. It's crazy. The insurance we had didn't cover vandalism, so I took a complete, total loss on everything that I built. ♪ It's hard to talk about that. ♪ The next few months, I was very depressed. You're supposed to be strong, and you can't. ♪ [crying] ♪ I had to find a way to get out of this hole. Insert the ninja community. They set up a fundraiser for me, and one of the competitions I went to, they presented me with a check, and, oh, man, my heart was overwhelmed with love. Ninja community is... It's a community like no other. - Dougie, whoo! - Whoo! - Let's go, Dougie! - You've just gotta love how these ninjas lift each other up. And that's especially what this season's all about. - Oh, there's the start line selfie. Dougie takes one every year. Matt, how come you and I don't take selfies, man? We should take a selfie just like... yeah, let's take one in the booth. - All right, we can take one. - Let's take one, let's take... - Socially distant. - Oh, yeah, socially distant, right? [shutter clicks] All right, that was for Dougie. - Let's go, Dougie! - Dougie's gonna have the whole family watching back in the Carolinas, including his two-year-old twins, his daughter, and his older son. [countdown clock beeping] Dougie's had some good runs, but he's never hit a buzzer. Could tonight be the night? This is where Bootie just went down, the Lunatic Ledges. - And you've gotta generate a big swing here. - An easy jump. - Come on, Dougie. - Oh, no! - Come on, man. - You got this, Dougie! - Don't be scaring me like that. - Well, it's another spot you can get in trouble here. You need to jump early, before the ledge loses momentum. - Yeah! - And Dougie gets through. Now facing a brand-new obstacle, the Beehive. You have to swing across those three honeycombs with only a small area for your hands. The middle one rotates around 270 degrees and then will lock into place. - Nice, did you see how he used his momentum to turn that honeycomb around? - And you can see, you can only grab them from the backside, and he got it. - Nice! Yeah, yeah, he's got it now. - Great job by Dougie. He's finding a rhythm. Fourth obstacle tonight: the Spinning Bridge. - Quick, fast steps! - All different heights on these, that's a real challenge to keep your balance. - Nice... ooh! - Oh! - Oh, my goodness! - Hard impact! - He bounced hard! - But he just shimmied it off. - Let's go! - My goodness, that's a hard impact. - Getting closer to his first buzzer. Dougie now ready for the Ferris Wheel. He faced this last year in Atlanta. - Well, he fell on it in qualifying, but he beat it in the city finals. - Has to climb across the two wheels using those red handles. You can go across the bottom or the top, like Dougie's doing here. - And gotta hold on for this drop. - Hold on. - Got it! - Now needs to reach over to the second wheel. - You got it, Dougie. Breathe! - He's gotta climb up and then make that transfer. - There it is. - Nice. - Across... will he go up and over? - You got it, you got it, you got it. - No, no! - No, not again! [all groaning] - No worries, Dougie. - The grip gave out, and another run ends without a buzzer for Dougie. - Dougie always lights up the course with his personality, and he showed us how to do it on the Beehive, survived a face plant on the Spinning Bridge, and then just lost his grip on the Ferris Wheel. We'll have to see if that keeps him in the top 12. - That is very un-Dougie. That's not fresh, right? - Tonight, your favorite ninjas are back, and they're giving some new faces a chance to shine. - ♪ All the stars are out tonight ♪ - He's a rock and roller who likes to shred the course. - [screaming] - And R.J. Roman's recruited a band of Florida ninjas. - Whoo! - We got to lift each other up and help each other out. - ♪ All the stars are out tonight ♪ both: Whoo! - And up next... the Towers of Power were already too much fun. Now they've added a pro wrestler to their group. - ♪ All the stars are out tonight ♪ - Three guys broing out... You can't beat that. - Hey! - When "American Ninja Warrior" returns. - Welcome back to the Dome at America's Center in St. Louis for our third week of competition here on "American Ninja Warrior." While we were away, three ninja parents with new kids at home were out to show that though training may be slightly more difficult... - Hold on tight. - Parenthood would not slow them down on the ninja course. First up was their leader, Rachael Goldstein, one of our top women athletes who missed last season while pregnant with her daughter. - Finley will be a ninja soon. - Good girl! - You got this! - And with eight-month-old Finley watching from back in Buffalo, New York, the new mom made it to the brand-new obstacle, the Beehive... - Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! - Beyoncé ain't seen this Beehive right here. Oh, nice! [cheering] - Before missing the grab on the third honeycomb. Oh! - Oh, no! And down goes Rachael Goldstein. - [fussing] - Sean Darling-Hammond's another ninja with a new baby at home, his son, Kofi. - Daddy Sean Darling-Hammond. - And the six-time ninja veteran had it rolling on the course and rumbled across the Spinning Bridge. - Boy, he landed right on his piriformis. What's up, man? Hey, how come I don't get the love? - All day! All day for y'all! - And after sending us some love in the host tower, the Giving Ninja's grip gave out on the Ferris Wheel. - Ohh! Love you too, brother. ♪ - Now here comes the third member of that ninja parents group put together by Rachael Goldstein. This is Jericho, New York's Whitney Sigler, and she's got five kids at home. - Oh, check that out. I've got four and she's got more than me! - Look at the emotion. Left her kids a message just minutes ago. - Oh, my gosh, I can't believe this is finally happening. Guys, I love you so much. I wish you could be here with me. I miss you. I'm doing this for you guys. I hope I make you proud. God, I wanna hit that buzzer so badly. I love you guys. - And in addition to her husband and kids, she's got her big extended family back in Long Island. - Look at them. They're going nuts! - And a special guest. That's her brother and sister-in-law. Yeah, that's actress Jamie-Lynn Sigler, who played Meadow Soprano on "The Sopranos." - Oh, my gosh, I'm so excited for her. - And you can see, Matt, she is full of emotions. ♪ - Come on, Whitney! - Be confident! You got this! [countdown clock beeping] - Coming out here as a 39-year-old rookie. She's taking big strides. - Yeah! - Good confidence. - Oh, I love that. - Take it here, take it here! - You got it! - Get a little lower on that rope. - Oh, come on, now. - Watch the water! - Come on now. - Here you go. - Oh, right on her stomach, okay. - Oh, hard impact. Her kids, the cousins, everybody loving that save on the Shrinking Steps, and look at Jamie-Lynn. She can hardly take it. Gets through that first obstacle and takes a breath. - She is tough as a mother. - Come on. Come on, Whitney. - Be confident and go for it! Go big! - Sean Darling-Hammond says go big. See what she can do on Lunatic Ledges. - Oh, right away! - Oh, no! Went for a quick transfer, Akbar. Didn't have the momentum. - Yeah, Matt, you're right. Instead of building up some swing, she just went for that second ledge and came up short, but, you know what? She thrilled her kids and family. - Good try, Whitney! - Good job, Whitney! - Sorry, guys. I love you. - Good try, Whitney! We love you! - Our next competitor is a professional wrestler, and he's such a star, he's got his own hype man. - I am the Latin Kraken, Primo Pulpo, and today I present my client, the Chi-Town Shinobi, the Obliterator of Obstacles, the Sem-sei, Sem Garay! - Oh, tell me you can't feel that! - I feel like we don't need to do anything. - That's a... - Primo Pulpo knocked it out of the park! - Matt, that is a hell of an intro right there. - Oh, my! - And look, he's got the belt! Oh, boy. - Well, if it's not clear, this is pro wrestler Sem Garay. He's on a squad from Chicago led by the Towers of Power, Brandon Mears and Dan Polizzi. - They could be a wrestling tag team. - Let's go! - Come on, baby! - Come on, crush it! - They train together in Chicago, and Sem's got a lot of other support back in the Windy City. He's got his family... [cheering] his good friend Joshua... - Let's go! - And of course, his manager and hype man, Primo Pulpo. - Yes! Come on, let's go! - Dude's a legit athlete. He hit a buzzer in his first time on the course last year in Cincinnati qualifying. [countdown clock beeping] - Here we go, baby. Here we go! All: [chanting] Go, go! - Sem dancing. - Well, let's see you put your wrestling move on this one. - Used to performing in front of big crowds, an unusual situation here, but this guy always brings the energy, and a great job building up that momentum. - Oh, baby! Come on! - Now he's gotta make that transfer. Nice! - Real good job. We've already seen a couple people go out here on the Lunatic Ledges. - Oh, but not Sem-sei! - Let's keep going! Keep going! - There you see Primo barking out commands. - Oh, man. - Oh, what? He's bringing on the old-school dance! Hey, his buddy's into it too. - The Towers of Power getting jiggy with it. - Let's go, baby. - Matt, I'm not sure dance is their thing. - Sem's gotta get dancing on the course. Up next, the Beehive. Gotta fly through the air. - Yes. And you gotta turn 270 here, 270 twist. Now go. - Gotta get it north-south, north-south. Good job by Sem Garay. - Nice! I'm impressed! 5'8", 175 pounds, carrying and catching his body weight like that is impressive. Look at that. With style! [cheering] - This dude is legit. Watch his footwork on Spinning Bridge. - These are like big turnbuckles. - You can get body slammed. - Nice, go, go, go, go. - Oh! - Boom! Gets body slammed right there! - Rolls through it! Yeah! - Listen! Come on! Come on, flex on them! - Yeah! - Ahh! - But now he's gotta bring that power to the Ferris Wheel. We saw it with Devin Harrelson; the hard impact cost him on the Ferris Wheel. Will Sem have enough juice to get through this? - Matt, let's keep it real. Sem Garay is a two-sport athlete now. He's a wrestler and a ninja. - You got this, amigo. You must now focus. - Having a little trouble getting that wheel going down. See, you see what he's trying to do? Start it on one and then go back to the other handle to be higher. - Hold on. Don't get DDT'd! - Used up a lot of energy, taking a long time on this obstacle. - Matt, he's gotta get out. He's got a lot of mass, so he's gotta move quickly. He can't fool around on the Ferris Wheel, Matt. - And you can see, using his lower body to build up that momentum. - Keep going! - Don't play around! - Now, you see what he's doing, using the two handles, trying to drop. Going on to the one, a little safer. You're gonna have a longer drop. - Nice! - Oh! That drop! - Body slams. - Oh! - It's all right, man. - The wrestler down for the count on the Ferris Wheel. One, two, three! - Two, three! And you're out! Sem Garay is a performer, and he put on a show on this course, but he was finally taken down by the Ferris Wheel. We'll have to wait and see if that gets him into tonight's top 12. Hey, give me that belt! You got body slammed. One, two, three, you're out. Oh, come on, man. Give me that belt! - I'm the champ! - Oh, he's the champ. - I love it. That's what a champion does. - A wrestler always says that. - You get pinned, you're still the champ. - I'm the champ. - [laughs] - Welcome back to "American Ninja Warrior." Now, our qualifying night is gonna end right over there on the 40-foot-tall Power Tower with a showdown between our two fastest athletes. - Matt, it is going to be big-time primetime on that. - While we were away, a trio of Texans led by ninja veteran Thomas Stillings set their sights on our course. Leading it off was one of tonight's youngest competitors, 20-year-old Eli Lovelady. - I'm a little nervous, but I feel like I'm gonna crush it. - All right, let's go! - Come on, let's go! - Let's go, Eli! - The San Antonio college student trained with and even lived with Stillings to improve his ninja skills, and the work paid off. - Let's go! - He is young, and he is fearless. - Let's go! - As the rookie made it to the fifth obstacle before his night ended. - Hold on! Hold on! No! - Oh! - Whoo! - Next, it was the Golden Child, San Antonio waitress Quest O'Neal. Two years ago, Quest made it all the way to the fifth obstacle in her ninja debut. - Nice! Oh, my goodness! [cheering] - But tonight, the former basketball player didn't have the handles for Lunatic Ledges. - Oh, rejected! - Ahh! - Man, I was coming for it. I was coming for it. I was coming. - So now it's the final member of this Texas trio. This is five-year veteran Thomas Stillings, taking a moment to enjoy this, because it has been quite a year for he and his wife, Zoe. And there she is, watching from San Antonio. Just a few months ago, they weren't even sure she'd be alive today. [melancholy music] ♪ - Zoe and I have been together for about eight years now, and we finally got married about a year and a half ago. - That's probably my favorite picture. - Aww. - Yeah. We had just gotten married, basically, and I started getting migraines. It just kept getting worse and worse. - It got to that point where she couldn't take it, and we just had to go to the hospital, and she got a CT scan which showed us that she had a very large brain tumor and that she needed to be admitted into the ICU immediately. [somber music] Everything felt... After that point... Felt like it was just ripped from my soul. ♪ They prepped her for surgery, and I remember Zoe grabbing my hand and just saying, "Everything's gonna be okay." I didn't know if that was gonna be the last time I saw my wife alive. [inhales shakily] When it mattered for me to be strong for her, she was strong for me. ♪ And then it was just the waiting game, four hours of waiting. ♪ And then the doctor walking up, and he just opens up with, "Everything that could have gone right went right." [hopeful music] It's been six months since she had her surgery, and she's symptom-free. ♪ We're so thankful. - Thomas was definitely my rock through this entire process. I don't think I could have gone through this without him. ♪ - Everything I do this season, every obstacle I complete, every success I have is for her. I just wanna make her happy. ♪ [cheers and applause] - You can just see on his face how grateful he is that Zoe's on her way to recovery. - Come on, Thomas, you got it. - Come on, Thomas. - Also showing their support, his fellow San Antonio ninjas. - Come on. - They could still be alive if Stillings can get to that Power Tower. - Yeah, Matt, he can do it. Speed is his game. [countdown clock beeping] - Well, Stillings so good. Four times he competed on "Ninja Warrior." Four times he made it to stage two in Vegas, and this guy can go fast. - Yeah, he can, Matt, almost always among the quickest to the buzzer. - And wastes no time attacking Beehive. Owns his own ninja gym, but never faced this obstacle before. Real smooth. - That's what you wanna do. You wanna be efficient. - Come on, come on, come on. - Lock it in; stay tight. - There we go. - There it is. - Come on, get on, get off. - And he's through. - Whoo-hoo! - Now the Spinning Bridge. This is always a devious agility obstacle. - Oh! - Oh, stumbled. - A little stumble. Wow. - You good? - I'm good. - Certainly gave Zoe a scare there, but now the Ferris Wheel. No one has gotten past this tonight. - Well, maybe the Genie can. He got the nickname Genie Ninja because he wore genie pants. Now he's wearing genie shorts, and they're working for him. - Gotta survive this drop. - Coming down hard on the Ferris Wheel. - Right there, right there, come on. - And go into that transition over. That's a good... good call. - Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! - Will he go under? Will he go up? Going up and fully extended. That grip seems to be expended, Akbar. - Yeah, you can see now he is trying... He is fighting his way up. - Keep going. Come on, Thomas! - Come on, Thomas! - You got it. It's there. - Trying to be the first finisher tonight. - Don't stop moving. - Here we go! And he hangs on. Now just needs the dismount. And he's through! - Come on. Do it for Zoe! - He's gonna do it! [uplifting music] - Genie Ninja gets that buzzer! ♪ And what a moment. - Oh, Matt, he's in tears. - Think about all he's been through, all that his wife's been through. - Hey, Thomas, that's an emotional run for you. Tell me why the tears. - This year has been just hard for me... physically and emotionally. In February, I thought I was going to lose my wife, and I didn't know what else to do. She's always been the strongest person in my life to help keep me stable and keep me going, and this win right here, this was for her. - That's for Zoe. - Everything that she's done to get me here, this was for her. I love you so much. - Just an amazing moment. Just a reminder, the obstacles they overcome on the course, nothing compared to the obstacles they face in life. - Matt, this was a man on a mission. Had a misstep on the Spinning Bridge but came up with a smooth save. He also had some trouble getting a grip on the Ferris Wheel, but nothing was gonna prevent him from hitting that buzzer and making Zoe smile. ♪ All: Beat that wall! Beat that wall! - Nick Hanson did it last week. [buzzer blaring] - Yeah! Let's go! - Is anyone gonna take down the 18-foot Mega Wall tonight? Come on, you know somebody wants 10,000 bucks. When "American Ninja Warrior" returns. - Welcome back to "American Ninja Warrior," where we just had our first finisher in Thomas Stillings. He hit the buzzer to cap an emotional run dedicated to his wife, Zoe. While we were away, three-time ninja veteran Zhanique Lovett led her squad onto the course. Lovett, from Visalia, California, was back after missing last season with an injury. - Mama. - Let's go, baby! - And tonight, with her family watching, the mom of three came out strong, and blasted her way past the Beehive. - Magnifique, Zhanique! - Yeah! - That was the best performance by a woman so far tonight, but then she got bounced by the Spinning Bridge. - Light on your feet, light on your feet! - Oh, no! - Boom, shaka-laka. - [grunts] - Then it was her training partner from Visalia, California... - Let's go! - Fourth grade teacher Brandon Dodson. - To my students watching, I love you guys. Continue to work hard. - With his students tuned in, Mr. Dodson hit the course, and then the course hit him. - He got hit in the eye! - Oh, my. - It is bleeding. - Despite the injury, the teacher refused to give up and battled on Lunatic Ledges, trying to build up momentum, going high, then low, then high again. After more than a minute, he made a last-ditch effort to stay alive. - Boom, oh, my goodness! This is like a heavyweight match! That is one tough teacher right there. - Then it was the third member of the group, DC Banks, who calls himself the Dreadhead Warrior. - Dreads go up... obstacles go down. - The former college football player had no problem sprinting through the Shrinking Steps. - We know he's in great shape. - But just like his buddy Brandon, he couldn't handle the Lunatic Ledges. - Oh! - Oh, no! And the dreads got wet. - That's tough. - Well, up next is another rookie, Kyle Wheeler. He's part of a group led by ninja veteran and gym owner Michelle Warnky Buurma. She's brought two of her prize pupils from her Ohio gym. There's the other one, Devante Phillips. But up first will be Wheeler. A few years ago, when he walked into Michelle's gym, he couldn't do a pull-up. Now he's the head coach. - Four, five. Ninjas are always great about lifting people up. Come on, Devante. You got this. - Keep going, come on. - Come on. - There you go, there you go. And it's awesome this year to bring these two guys with me. - I'm extremely excited to have Michelle on my sideline. - Yes. - Ready? - Whoo! Yeah! - She's definitely what helped me get to the point I'm at right now. ♪ I had always been kind of a somewhat chunky kid. Kids would make little comments here and there like, "He's definitely gonna finish that plate of food. Look at him." You know, I'm not the only one that's heard it before, but it still... You still feel it. When I stepped on the scale and I saw I weighed over 250 pounds, something had to change. I discovered there was a gym opening up in Columbus, Ohio. ♪ - Oh! Ooh! - Kyle came in, just someone who really wanted to lose weight, and then it's been awesome to see it progress. Yeah! The other day when I was working out with Kyle, I was just like, "Man, he looks strong." You got this! - You got it, Kyle, come on. - Whoo! Both: Yeah! - Ninja 100% helped me turn my life around. I've lost over 100 pounds. - Whoo! - Nice, yeah! - I want to help inspire as many people as possible to realize that you can accomplish your goals if you're determined enough. ♪ - Come on, Kyle. - I know this look. He's in the zone. He knows his family is over there, but he's not even gonna look over at 'em. - Well, if he did, he'd see his mom and grandparents watching from back in Ohio. - Yeah, Matt, and he's got his music, listening... - That's some salad too, Akbar. He's got some good hair. - Do it for the kids! - And he looks pumped. Let's see if he can roll through it. - Okay, Kyle Wheeler, turn up then! [countdown clock beeping] - Kyle Wheeler on the course. - Probably listening to Drake. - Yeah! - And a good start, gotta feel good, Get that first obstacle out of the way, but no hesitation into Lunatic Ledges, getting on the front. - That's right. - You got it. - Whoo! - Good power there. He took that first ledge back to the stops. - Matt, can you believe this kid weighed 250 pounds? And look at him now, flying across those obstacles. - Whoo! - Now only 145 pounds. Has really found a home at Michelle Warnky's gym. Now facing the Beehive. - You got it, Kyle, come on. - Whoo! - Come on. It's gonna spin. - You got it. - Makes that catch. - Nice. - Now the second part of this, has to rotate it around, lock it into place. - Come on, Kyle! - There it is. - Whoo, Kyle Wheeler buzzing through Beehive! - You got it, you got it. - You got it, Kyle, come on. - Oh, no! - He missed it! - He was there. - Promising run comes to an end, stung by the Beehive. - It's all right, Kyle! - And I think his earbuds got wet too. He looked good early on this obstacle, but as he goes for the third honeycomb, he misses with his left hand and couldn't hold on with his right. - Well, up next, another fresh-faced rookie. This is Tage Herrington. He's part of ninja veteran Adam Rayl's group of Arizona ninjas. - Tage is 19 years old, but he looks 12. - Well, his mom calls him Baby Blue, which has led to the nickname Ninja Blue, and as you can see, he comes from a very big family. All: Whoo! - I've got... oh, gosh. I've got 12 siblings. [all cheering] Not everybody gets to be a big brother to nine kids at the same time. Two! I have my own special little bond with each one of the kids. [cheering] I've been watching "American Ninja Warrior" since season one. - All right! - One of my first competitions, I competed against Flip Rodriguez, Adam Rayl. - I remember the first time I saw him. I was like, "Who is this kid? - Atta boy. [cheering] - I was so nervous. Then I ended up getting second in that local competition. [cheering] - He's younger. He's 19, maybe looks even a little bit younger than that, but Baby Blue... This kid packs a punch. - If I were to hit a buzzer, I think my mom would probably start crying, and my siblings probably would go crazy. The lights will not go red for Ninja Blue. [cheers and applause] - It takes two screens to fit the family in. They'll be watching from Surprise, Arizona. - Let's get it, Tage! Come on, bud! - You got this! - And Adam Rayl and his other Arizona ninja, Dom Thompson, will be on the sideline. [countdown clock beeping] - Just 120 pounds on that 5'9" frame, he's a skinny one. - Through the Shrinking Steps and right into Lunatic Ledges, getting a big swing, and that's the key. Keep up that initial momentum, then jump to the next ledge, just like that. More than a couple swings, you're gonna slow to a halt, but Baby Blue, he played that perfectly. Good, confident start, couple obstacles under his belt. Now let's see if the college student can solve the Beehive. - Work with it. Relax, breathe. - Come on, keep going. Keep going. - A little hung up here. - Crank it. - He's expending a lot of grip strength here. - Well, he's 120 pounds. He's gotta use his core muscle to turn that thing 270 degrees. Lock it in. Nice. - Never played organized sports, but started climbing three years ago. Hopes that grip strength endures here tonight. - Nice. - Got it. - He just looks like he's got a plan for this course. - Come on. Looking good, Tage. - And he's through. Well, that was a long time on the Beehive. Keep an eye on that if he makes it to the Ferris Wheel. But ready now for the Spinning Bridge. - Perfect. - Nice. Look at that! He looked like a running back through there! - And right into the Ferris Wheel. His big family's gotta be loving what they're seeing out of Ninja Blue, trying to be just our second finisher tonight. - Show them what you can do, Tage, come on! - Baby Boy Blue. - Look at his hands. He's all crossed up but somehow survives the drop. Now has this big reach over to the second wheel. - Looking good. - And again, the hands crossed up, not the usual approach on this obstacle. - Oh, he's changing course. Yeah, started down. Now he's going up and across. - And his whole body seems twisted. That's the advantage of being a rock climber and being 120 pounds. - And don't forget, 19 years old... he young. - Here we go. Hold on for this drop. - Hold on. - He's got it. - Oh, look at this 19-year-old! - Are you kidding me? - Matt, he's about to grow some facial hair now. - This rookie's getting a shot at the Warped Wall. - Go for it! Get that buzzer! - Loosen up, soon as you're ready. Come on! - Get it, get it! - And Baby Blue, Ninja Blue, Tage Herrington gets a buzzer his first time out! [cheers and applause] ♪ - Yes! - Hey, Tage, you're all grown up now. You just hit your first buzzer. - Yeah. - Man, you made that look easy, Tage. So what's harder, this course or trying to get food at breakfast in your house? - Definitely food at breakfast. [laughter] - Well, you may have thought you were watching "Ninja Junior," but Little Boy Blue just had a big night. He got twisted up on the Beehive and the Ferris Wheel, but Tage kept his cool and made all 12 of his siblings proud with his first buzzer. [cheers and applause] - Up next, the Phoenix, Najee Richardson, is getting warmed up backstage. We're gonna see his run when we come back on "American Ninja Warrior." - Welcome back to the Dome at America's Center here in St. Louis. While we were away, the other two members of the bro-tastic trio from Chicago got their chance on the course. First up was Brandon Mears... - Let's go, Brandon! - Who kicked off his run with some love for his two kids and his wife, Erica. - I love you guys! Thank you for... So much for being my rock. Thank you for letting me keep up with this crazy hobby of mine. - The firefighter made quick work of the first three obstacles. - That was easy. - But in past seasons, balance obstacles have been a stumbling block for the 6'5" veteran. - Oh, no! - Tonight, true to form, he was taken down by another balance obstacle, the Spinning Bridge. Oh, no, no, no! - Go figure, balance, right? Come on, man. - So Mears's fellow firefighter Dan Polizzi was the last hope to hit a buzzer among the Chicago squad. - Come on, man, let's go! - Whoo-hoo! - He had a lot of success last year. Carry that momentum. [all cheering] - Polizzi made it to stage two in Vegas last year. - Yeah! - Yes! - And he came out blazing again tonight. - That's that firefighter skill set right there. - And even took a shot at the Mega Wall. - Go, go, go, go, go, go! Oh! - Ah! - Though he came up short, he still got a buzzer. [buzzer blaring] - Whoo! - And gave his bros something to flex about! - Hey! - Whoo! - Then it was the first look at the group led by fan favorite Najee Richardson. Leading it off for them was New Jersey college student, Ezra Rivera. Ezra lost his firefighter dad in an accident three years ago, and tonight he had not only his family but the entire crew from his dad's firehouse in Paterson, New Jersey, watching as he took the course. - Go, Ezra! - The 22-year-old had no problems on the Shrinking Steps... - Let's go, baby! - But took a shot on the Lunatic Ledges. - Ooh, he got hit right in the nostrils! - Though he tried to shake it off, the rookie couldn't recover and came up short. - No! all: Oh! - Lunatic Ledges is taking out our ninjas left and right. - Whoo! - Well, now it's time for the man who brought Ezra Rivera. It's six-time ninja veteran Najee Richardson, and the Phoenix is looking to rise this year after a subpar season for him last year. He failed to hit a buzzer in qualifying, in city finals, and on stage one at the national finals. - Oh, no! - So the 29-year-old from Philadelphia is looking to bounce back in a big way. And he'll have lots of support, including his mom, his grandparents, and even a great-grandma. - Oh, wow, that's a lineage right there. - Plus, girlfriend McKenzie and fellow ninjas Clint Sarion... - [cheering] - And Chris Wilczewski, along with his wife and new baby. Here we go! [countdown clock beeping] - Well, there we go. I like them pants too. Them pants look nice. - Oh, what an explosive start, just effortless for Najee. And this guy, a high-level gymnast before injuries ended his career. He knows how to fly. Made it to Vegas last season but went out early. Says his head just wasn't in it, but he's come back this year with a renewed focus. - And there's part of it on his shirt. Najee has been one of the leaders of Ninjas for Black Lives, using his platform to promote social justice. - Well, he's dealt with asthma and has become an ambassador for the American Lung Association, has done so much on so many regards, Akbar. This guy is truly a leader. - Nice. - Great hand work there. - Well, nobody has better body movement than Najee Richardson. - The Phoenix can fly, but appropriately wary of this balance obstacle. - All right, here we go, nice. - Good footwork. A little skip! - Oh! Whoa. Boy, he rolled on that one. - And gave everyone a scare there, but survives with a roll. [cheering] - That's it, that's it. - And now on the Ferris Wheel. He's not gonna beat Thomas Stillings for the fastest time, but I think Najee just wants a buzzer. - Yeah, first time he's faced this obstacle. The drop can surprise you if you aren't ready. - Holds on. Going up to get over. - Yeah, he's gotta pull up. - Going even a little higher here. - Yeah, that's right, and then when he makes that transfer, he doesn't have that high to go. Up, up, up, and away. - Good power out of Najee Richardson. - Doing great, dude. - All right, here we go. He's got it. - All right. - Can he get this dismount? - Big lache! - And he is through it. [cheering] What is Najee gonna do? I think he's going for that 10K. - Yeah, man. - And you can see him, calming his breathing down. He didn't get it last year in Baltimore. Can he do it tonight? - Beat that wall! - The two rookies he brought with him showing their support. - Beat that wall! Beat that wall! - $10,000. Only Nick Hanson has done it this season. - Come on, you got it! - Fly, homie. Fly, homie! - Can the Phoenix rise? - You know if he hits that buzzer, it's gonna turn green, green for that money. Fly, homie! - Come on! - Fly, homie! Both: Oh! - Just missed it. - Oh, man, I thought he had it. - But he's getting that buzzer no problem, Najee Richardson! [buzzer blares] The Phoenix is back. [cheers and applause] - So close! - Yeah, I know. You wanted that one. You had to run up... You had it all. ♪ Just look how close he got to the top of that Mega Wall. Had his fingers at the top, but not enough to pull himself up, but he got what he wanted, a buzzer, and he's moving on. - He's standing by with Zuri. - Najee, I want to talk about the Mega Wall for a second here. - Ohh. - Walk me through what was going on here. - Yeah, my... my fifth step, I think I just didn't get enough plant. It looked like my fifth one just came out. That could have been something... Oh, my God, I was so close. - Wait, turn... Turn it off, guys. Turn it off, guys. - Oh, my goodness. - Let's go ahead and check out where you did hit a buzzer. - Yeah. - Oh, my gosh, the glory in your eyes, I love it. - I didn't hit one last season. - I love it. - I didn't hit a single one, so that just felt so good. - Has to. - Yup. - Well, we're so proud of you. Congratulations. - Thank you. - We'll see you in the semifinals. - Thank you so much. - Guys. - Coming up, last year she battled through blood... [buzzer blaring] And busted through barriers. - Yes, yes! - And that wasn't even her biggest news. - We just never wanted the night to end. - Michelle Warnky Buurma is up next on "American Ninja Warrior." - Welcome back to St. Louis, where we're about halfway through our third night of qualifying, and, Akbar, the competition tonight has been filled with surprises. - And, Matt, the Lunatic Ledges are driving these ninjas crazy. Boom, oh, my goodness. - It's taken down ninja favorites. - Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa! - Oh! - Oh, no, Bootie! - As well as new faces. Oh, no! - Ooh! - This second obstacle's knocking out ninjas in all kinds of ways. Oh! - Oh, no! - And in the past few minutes, more ninjas faced this lethal obstacle. 29-year-old Elizabeth Leslie comes from a famous family of drag racers, and she accelerated past the first ledge... - Okay! Okay, she needs to go. She's losing momentum. - But waited too long to try the dismount. - Boom! - Oh, no! - Oh, my goodness. - Show Low, Arizona's Dom Thompson comes from a family of 23 siblings, but all those kids didn't get to scream for long, as he came up well short and couldn't grab the handle on the second ledge. - Oh! Boom, right on his forehead. The young kid from Show Low is a no-go. - Another 20-year-old, Ohio's Devante Phillips, also had lots of support, including from his mentor, Michelle Warnky Buurma, but the rookie got a little too aggressive, and though he reached the second ledge, he couldn't hold onto it. No! - Oh! - Are you kidding me? - I just slipped. - So both of Michelle Warnky's pupils have gone out early, but now it's her turn. Zuri, get her going. - Guys, you know what a fan I am of this next woman, and it is not just because we are both from Ohio. Last season Michelle Warnky showed us the true meaning of the word warrior when she became the second woman ever to finish a city finals course, and then she had another special day. She married that man on the right, Joel Buurma. - ♪ A love always Ah, the wedding was amazing. [cheers and applause] We had a great group of ninjas there. We did lots of really fun games. ♪ We just never wanted the night to end. ♪ I've always wanted a family. Joel is turning 40 and I am 36, and so we've talked about it. - You got it. - And we're like, "Well, what if I try to get one more ninja season in and then start trying to have kids?" So it is very strange to think this might be my last ninja season for at least a while. But at the same time, it is super exciting to have kids, and so I know it's worth it. ♪ Love you guys. - Go, Michelle! - And once again, there's new husband Joel Buurma watching with his parents. - Come on, Michelle! - Whoo! - And there's Michelle's mom and dad, two of the biggest ninja fans ever. - Go, baby, here we go. - Whoo-hoo! - Hopefully this won't be her last run, but, if it is, she leaves quite a legacy. [countdown clock beeping] - Let's go, Michelle! - Second woman up that Warped Wall, and then, last year in Cincinnati, second woman ever to complete a city finals course. Part of the women's Fantastic Four. She is a legend. Such a well-rounded athlete, but has a strong rock-climbing background. - Mm, come on, now. - Grip strength and power, was a track athlete. - Oh, Matt, she didn't jump, and we talked about it. You start to lose your momentum. - Oh, no! - No! - Oh, what the what? - Oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! - Oh, man. - Ugh. - I think everybody is in shock right now. - I should've gone on the first swing, and I knew it. - Well, she's right. The longer you're on the ledges, the less momentum you have. Right here, she starts to jump but pulls back. Look how close she was. One swing later, she didn't have the momentum, and she's way back here, and she just couldn't save herself. - Ah. - You can see, just heartbroken. Hopefully not the last run for Michelle Warnky Buurma. Would be a shame to end it like that. - It happens. - Just shows you, though, you can't take any obstacle for granted, even ninja veterans, and here comes one of the best. This is Arizona concrete worker Adam Rayl. The last time we saw him, he was just one obstacle away from finishing stage three and moving on to climb stage four. He was so close to winning it all. No! - No! Mama! - Well, there's his mom, Vicky, his biggest fan. Can't be on the sideline, so she'll be watching from back home. - Well, that's gotta be comforting, to look over and see your number one fans on that screen. - Go, buddy! [countdown clock beeping] - Well, Akbar, this is one of the guys we expect to see in the finals. He's definitely a contender to win that $100,000. One move onto the second ledge. - Don't be like Michelle Warnky here. Take one swing and off, just like that. - Let's go! Come on, yes! - Well, hopefully other ninjas were taking notes. That's how you do it. Now moving quickly through the Beehive. - Get that twist, get that twist. - Yay! - Nice. - Matt, you know Mama Vicky wanna see him on the Power Tower. - Adam Rayl putting together a very strong beginning here. - Go, Adam! - Yeah, gotta be careful not to be reckless. - Come on. - Well, his young apprentice Tage Herrington already hit a buzzer. Rayl trying to join him. - You see, this has all come down to technique. - Oh, my! - Nice! - Didn't even breathe. - Stepped over the last couple. And now on to the Ferris Wheel. And with those powerful arms, should have the upper-body strength to get through this. Thomas Stillings has the fastest finish so far. Rayl's got a shot at that if he keeps up this pace. And just flying through the Ferris Wheel. This is more like a roller coaster. - Hold on. Nice! Ooh. - That grip, it was so strong to begin with, worked on it relentlessly in this off season, going up. - And I'll tell you just how strong that is, because that jolt brought him and all 175 pounds of him down, and he held on tight. - One more time. Oh! - No! - We did not expect that. - Oh, my goodness. - Adam Rayl is down. Looks like he got his hands crossed up. - Yeah, that's right. And remember, his buddy Tage Herrington did this on the first wheel, had his hands on different handles, got twisted around, but held on. Adam Rayl does the same thing, has his hands separated, gets twisted around, and he just couldn't hang on through the jolt. - Now he'll have to wait to see if he went far enough fast enough to stay in the top 12. Coming up, she blasted her way to a qualifying buzzer last season. [buzzer blaring] Can Jessie Graff make it two years in a row? Plus, what happens when a priest, a pastor, and the Papal Ninja walk into the Dome? We're about to find out when "American Ninja Warrior" returns. - Hey, ninja fans, you can now watch full seasons of "American Ninja Warrior" on the new NBC Universal streaming service Peacock. - That's right, you can see your favorite TV shows, classic movies, and "American Ninja Warrior" all for free. While we were away, the Papal Ninja, Sean Bryan, led a trinity of holy men on the course. First up was Father Stephen Gadberry from Batesville, Arkansas, who offered up some thoughtful words for these chaotic times in our confessional. - Whenever you can balance your nervousness and anxiety, that gets you focused, so get out there and focus on life, crush it. There's greater things to come. - After a dash of holy water... - [laughs] Bless it. Bless it. - The Father made it across the Shrinking Steps. - Nice! - Confidence! Confidence! - Two years ago, the Father made a splash in his first attempt at the course. - Oh, my goodness, got baptized by the water. - And tonight, he couldn't be saved on the Lunatic Ledges. - Oh! This thing is possessed. - I just got baptized again. I should have... I should have brought my soap. [laughs] - Next keeping the holy spirit alive was Chicago pastor David Womelsdorf, better known as D-Wom. [cheering] With his wife and four kids watching, the pastor was living on a prayer as he sped through the first two obstacles. - Pastor D-Wom! [cheering] - But when he reached the Beehive, he too got baptized. Oh! - Oh! - Oh! - Boom, down goes D-Wom. - So now it's time for third member of this holy trio. It's the Papal Ninja, Sean Bryan. The Catholic church worker is one of the top athletes in the sport, but we weren't sure he'd be healthy enough to compete this season. One year ago at the national finals, he dislocated his shoulder on the Jumping Spider. - Is he okay? Ooh. - Oh, he's injured. And was carried off the course. ♪ - So this is actually my fourth shoulder surgery, and you might think it gets easier, but it doesn't at all. It actually gets a lot harder. Took a long time to start to be able to use it in a normal way, let alone how ninjas use it. And I'm recovered enough to do selfies, yeah. I remember the first time I did a salmon ladder, that... my heart was pounding. ♪ Yeah! - Yeah! Let's go! [upbeat music] - It's been a long road to recovery. I didn't think I was even gonna be able to compete this year, but, all of a sudden, COVID hit, and I was able to actually train, and I don't wanna be overconfident, but I'd say there's a chance that you'll see me on the Power Tower. - A lot of support for the Papal Ninja, and, of course, it begins at home. His parents have the entire family over to watch this one. - Matt, they are all geared up. - And there's Father John Roche sporting the Papal Ninja colors. - He's in the chapel. He's ready to go. - All right, Sean, come on! - Father Stephen Gadberry and D-Wom. - Redemption! - Keep in mind, if Sean Bryan gets to the Power Tower and wins, a higher power could intervene. They'd all be going to the semifinals. [countdown clock beeping] Well, in 1999, Pope John Paul II visited this dome. The Papal Ninja hopes that's a good omen for his run. Remember, this guy was a gymnast at Cal Berkeley. He is a stud athlete, so focused. - And looks so smooth on Lunatic Ledges. - But the rehabbed shoulder gonna be tested here on the Beehive. - Yeah, look at that shoulder stability. - Good catch. - But you see how he's coming in tight with them Ls? Keep them Ls, then, if you wanna take the pressure off your shoulders. - A little trouble rotating it, odd out of the gymnast. Locked in, got it. - Oh, he's fighting with it, okay. - Good transfer. - Nice, good. - Got it! - And he is putting together a good pace here, Akbar. - Light steps, light steps. - Spinning Bridge, though, always a coin toss. - There you go, there you go, oh, oh, whoo! Oh, nice. - Quite a fall, no hesitation. - Yeah, and he's running right into the Ferris Wheel. - We've only had four buzzers thus far. Currently the top time, 1:29 for Thomas Stillings. - You got it! - But watch the shoulder on the drop. - Let's go, let's go. - Absorbs the impact. - Well, at this pace he could beat that time, but he's gotta move quickly. - And Sean Bryan, look at that power. That shoulder seems to be healed. - Don't crash. - There you go, there you go. - You got it. - He's got a shot at the fastest time, Akbar. Just needs the dismount. - Uh-oh. - Fastest time here. - Nice. - Here we go, and skipping the Mega Wall. He's going for the team! - Prayers answered! - And Sean Bryan is back! ♪ [cheering] - Nice. - Sean, way to go, whoo! - Yeah, look at that! Great job, man. - Oh, man. - Sean! - That's still pumping me. - Well, we got something that might pump you up a little more. You just got the fastest time so far, Sean. - Yeah! - You might go to the Power Tower with the chance to save your buddies. That shoulder... No ill effects, man. How you feeling? Oh! - Well, that just... That just answered your question. - Sean Bryan is back, flying high as ever. So if these results hold, this would be our Power Tower matchup, Sean Bryan against Thomas Stillings, but a lot of fast ninjas still to come, including the Godfather himself, David Campbell. We'll see his run when we come back on "American Ninja Warrior." - Welcome back to "American Ninja Warrior" here in St. Louis. While we were away, the final two members of ninja veteran Lorin Ball's Colorado crew hit the course. First up was Austin Gray, who donated a kidney a few years ago and wears a "Share Your Spare" t-shirt to encourage others to do the same. - Oh, backflip, okay. - But this season the ninja bachelor shared a different message. - I already donated my kidney to someone, but my heart's still available. - The woman of his dreams, hasn't found her yet. - Well, this is his dating resume. - The 24-year-old definitely looked good on the course. He's single and looking for love, ladies. And he got himself a buzzer and, perhaps, some new admirers. Got a message for those ladies watching, Austin? - You know, DMs are open. - Oh, DMs are open, okay. - Well, next up was Gray's Colorado training partner, Lorin Ball, who had some news about his love life. - I am no longer an eligible bachelor. I have a beautiful fiancée, and I can't wait to get married. Let's run this course. - And with fiancée Alayna looking on, the always-speedy Lorin Ball rolled through the first four obstacles. - Somebody's going for that fast time, Matt. - Ball's competed on all 12 seasons of "Ninja Warrior," but the OG seemed to run out of gas. - His left hand's starting to slip. No, no, no! - Ooh! - And he couldn't complete the course tonight. - Good job, baby. Good job. - Then one of the other ninjas who's competed in every season, David Campbell, introduced his group of NorCal ninjas, and leading it off for the Godfather's gang was the youngest woman competing tonight, 20-year-old Brittney Durant. - Whoo, go, Brittney! - Oh, they're so excited. - The Vacaville, California, native was returning to athletics after an injury ended her competitive cheerleading career. Durant's comeback started strong... - Oh, okay! - Great save! - Barely made it! - But then stalled out on Lunatic Ledges, where she took too many swings on the second ledge and ran out of momentum. - Oh! - Oh, no. - Then it was 38-year-old rookie Matt Scott, who calls himself the Singing Lawyer Ninja. - [singing operatically in foreign language] - The father of four from Roseville, California, hit the high notes on the first obstacle, but had to take a bow on the Lunatic Ledges. Oh! - Oh, no! All: Aww! - ♪ Ay caramba [laughs] - Well, now it's time for the Godfather himself, David Campbell, who continues to run with the elite ninjas at 43 years old. What's his secret? Well, there's his training, his diet, and his unique job. He's a ninja legend. It's the Godfather himself, David Campbell. - Nice. Nice. - And the Godfather delivered once again. - They call me the Godfather because I've competed on every season of "American Ninja Warrior." ♪ One thing people may not know about the Godfather... [doorbell dings] Hey, how's it going? Is that I deliver pizzas. [laughs] [upbeat music] During this pandemic, everybody's ordering out for delivery. Hey, did you guys order a pizza? So I'm a pretty popular guy right now. ♪ Hi. - Hi. - I've always enjoyed delivering pizza. You're out and about, moving around. You're not stuck behind a desk. Thanks a lot. - Thank you. All right, have a good one. Everybody's always happy to see the pizza guy. - Wait, do I know you from somewhere? - Especially when he's on "American Ninja Warrior." - One, two, three. all: Ninja! - It usually gets me a little extra tip. My entire life's focus is training, and I found the perfect job that allows me to do that. Whoo! - Okay, keep going. Come on. - For me, just knowing that "Ninja Warrior" was gonna happen eventually... I had a goal to work towards, and that really kept my spirits up during this whole shutdown, and, you know, I'm incredibly grateful for that. ♪ - Everybody loves pizza, and they love the Godfather. - Oh, there's his girlfriend, Claire, and ninja veteran Cheyenne Arrington, plus another ninja, his good friend Brian Kretsch, and there's David, one of his band mates. The Godfather also in a rock band. The dude's a good singer. - Thanks for watching me. - Yeah, he's a good ninja too. Got to the Power Tower last year in Los Angeles. - Come on, David! - David! - Well, if he can do it tonight, he might save his buddies, Brittney Durant and Matt Scott, from going home. [countdown clock beeping] - He's been doing this for a long time. - Look at that great agility. - Yeah, that's it. - He... Oh, he's got a pace, Akbar. - Look at that. - He's going for that Power Tower. - Ooh, he's going for that Power Tower. Might also be going for that Mega Wall. - Uh-oh, but having a little trouble with the momentum here. - Old Man Campbell's never had a problem with this. Come on. - Oh, no, Akbar! - No, don't lose the momentum, David Campbell! - Oh, no! - No! - David Campbell, the OG, hung up. Can he save it? - Oh, come on. - Yeah, we've talked about it all night. Once you lose momentum, it's almost impossible to get it going again. - But he's going up higher. - Oh, to improvise. - He's gonna go for a long leap. - Ay-yi-yi. Whoa! - Oh, my! - That's the way you do it! You got stuck? No problem! [cheers and applause] Let's check out the replay on this one. Out of desperation, he climbs up, and look how far that is. At 43, he just goes for it. My goodness! - Excellent problem-solving by David Campbell. Still alive! - That's gotta be the best move of the night. Well, let that be a lesson for the viewers that, whenever you run into a problem in life, there's always alternatives. - Well, that was very creative. - That was dope. That was dope. - We haven't seen a save like that, and Campbell now back in stride, on the Beehive. Just excellent hand placement, great hip movement. Look at that momentum. - All right, he's back. He's back on track. [cheering] - Watch the Spinning Bridge. Even the Godfather has been tripped up by this balance obstacle in the past. - Quick feet. Keep your feet hot. Come on. Boom! - Stumble and a roll. - Oh, yeah! - Hey, all right. - Now the Ferris Wheel. Campbell perhaps the first guy ever to have a backyard ninja course. He was able to keep training during the lockdown when ninja gyms were closed. - All right, watch the drop. - Great job. You see him... reached out to the lower handle, then rode up to the higher one there, makes this transition a little easier. - 5'11", should be an easy reach for him. Reach out and touch somebody. Nice. - Well, he's the second-oldest competitor tonight behind Bootie Cothran. Campbell looking great. - Matt, he does. And he just delivers pizza. He has a very strict diet, no gluten, no sugar. - He's lighter than last season, and that could help on this drop. - Ay-yi-yi. - He's got it. Go for the dismount. - Okay. Get out of there. - And he's done it. - Hey. - He looked dead in the water on Lunatic Ledges, and now at the base of Warped Wall. $10,000? - Yup, go for it. - Yes, he's going for it! - Yes, he's... - He's going for it! - You got it, baby. - Hey, DC, go get that money! - Come on, Godfather. - Go get that money, DC! The Godfather. - 43 years old, can he make it up 18 feet? - I want him to get that money. I want him to get that money. Get that money! - Oh! Oh, my! - Get that money! Yeah! - What a save! - Yeah! [buzzer blaring] - David Campbell... Never doubt the Godfather. - ♪ Only got one chance to make the crowd go wild ♪ ♪ ♪ Ain't nothing gonna hold me back, yeah ♪ - Put that money in the bank. Congratulations, man. - Campbell, what was it like tonight in these conditions? - Knowing that I'm gonna be here tonight is what's kept me going through the entire shutdown and kept me positive. - There you go! - Whoo-hoo! - 43 years old, oldest man ever to get that 10K, David Campbell! You still got it! - After that run, no way I thought he could get the Mega Wall, but look at this, stumbles on his way up but still manages to get his right hand just over the top, and we are losing our minds over in the booth, and it's 10 grand for the Godfather. [buzzer blaring] - Yeah! - She's the one everyone wants to watch. Jessie Graff is headed to the start line. - Phew, okay. [laughs] - We'll see her run when "American Ninja Warrior" returns. - Welcome back to the Dome here in St. Louis. We're nearing the end of our third qualifying night on "American Ninja Warrior." While we were away, ninja superstar Jessie Graff brought her West Coast squad to the course. First up was Jenn DeBellis, who was a college pole vaulter just like Jessie. - Go, Jenn! Whoo-hoo! - DeBellis showed off her quick feet on the first obstacle, but it was her hands that let her down on the Lunatic Ledges. No! - No! She had the technique but not the grab. - That's all right. - It's all right, Jenn. - Then it was Los Angeles EMT Davyon Hancox. He's been on the front lines of the pandemic, so he got a special Ring the Bell salute for first responders. - Whoo! - Whoo! - Let's go, Davyon! - We are so grateful for our first responders. - And the 23-year-old responded as he sprinted through the first three obstacles. - Nice! - Oh, how sweet is that on that honeycomb? Nice transition. - But when he reached the Spinning Bridge... - Go, go, go! - The EMT's shift was over. - Oh, no! - No! - Oh, my God. - Well, now it's Jessie's turn. Zuri, get her going. - Our next ninja needs no introduction. It is our real-life Wonder Woman, Jessie Graff. This stuntwoman thrills us every single time she runs the course, and this summer she teamed up with the biggest action star on the planet. Jessie was handpicked by Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson himself to compete on "The Titan Games." - I chose Jessie Graff because she has inspired a generation of young girls to become ninja warriors. - Getting to learn and face such a difficult challenge... - There you go. - Was so amazing. - Great, great job. - Thank you. - I'm proud of you. - But being back in the sport that I love, back on "Ninja," is... Well, it's just like coming home. - The Rock is a fan, and she's got lots of other support from her family. There's her mom with some fans in North Carolina. And her dad's got a group in Pennsylvania. [cheering] [countdown clock beeping] Last year, hit a buzzer in Tacoma qualifying and then ended up third overall in city finals. - All right, be careful on these Lunatic Ledges. - Safely to the second ledge. - You're doing great. - Gotta get that dismount, though. Oh! - Oh, no, no, no, no, no! - That was close! - I was gonna say, Lunatic Ledges better not take out my homegirl. - Well, we've already had three women hit a buzzer this season: Allyssa Beird, Ashley McConville, and Flex Labreck. Jessie hoping to be the fourth. Right now she's gotta survive the Beehive. - Well, we know she's in the new "Wonder Woman 1984" movie, and her costume is inspired by the Amazon women in the movie. - Well, with moviemaking shut down and gyms closed, she's been working on the climbing wall at her house. She's worked on her grip, and that upper-body strength, serving her well here on the Beehive. - Nice. - Good power. - And you see how fluid she is, making her way from one honeycomb to the next. - All right! - And there's a smile. And, with that, she's guaranteed to be in the women's top three, but you know she wants more. She's such a competitor. She was a pole vaulter at the University of Nebraska, just missed out on the Olympics. - But what makes her so different is you see the power of visualization. Before every obstacle, she's always seeing it before it happens. That's the sign of greatness. Oh, oh, come on, no, no, no, no! - Oh, wow! - Nice... oh, my goodness. - Yes! - Oh! - She was conscious, didn't use her hands to catch it. - Wow. - She knows how to fall. - Hi! What's up, homie? What's up, homegirl? [cheering] - Jessie Graff, amazing body awareness. - Yeah, it's a good thing she has a six-pack, or that could have knocked the wind out of her. - You got this. - You got it, you got it. - Closing in on a buzzer, but now the Ferris Wheel. She's gonna go the lower route. That's okay. Going underneath, more moves but a little less strain. - Yeah, there you go. Keep them Ls. - Look at her locked off. [cheering] Gonna have to go for the transfer here. - Come on, girl, come on. - You got it. You got it, you got it. - Nice! - Oh, my. - No problem! - That was amazing. - You know what? She's trained for this. She's prepared for this. - Come on. - Nice. - And you see, you've gotta get it locked out. Otherwise you can't make the transfer 'cause the wheel will spin on you. - And now... - She's going for it. - She's gonna go for a low, low dismount here. - Look at those powerful hips. - She's gotta get outta there. Nice! - Oh, saves it! - Nice! - Hey. - Bring it home! Bring it home! - Jessie Graff back to battle the Warped Wall. - Okay, Jessie! - Well, she has four buzzers total so far in her ninja career. - Beat that wall! All: Beat that wall! Beat that wall! - Right now, Flex Labreck has the record for women with five buzzers. - She has an opportunity to tie her. - This could tie it up, 14 1/2 feet away. - Nice. - And Jessie Graff has done it! [buzzer blaring] Her fifth buzzer, and she earned that one. [all cheering] - Nice. - Whoo! - Guys, I did it! - We've seen you here before, huh? - Well, Jessie, you continue to deliver with your image all around this huge dome. You deliver when it counts, Jessie. Congratulations. - Thank you. - Great job. - Thanks, guys. - Great job. - Great job, Jessie! - Thank you. ♪ - She had a couple of close calls to make it interesting, but in the end Jessie Graff was Jessie Graff, and she made it to the end to tie Flex Labreck for the most buzzers among women ninjas. - Let's go to Zuri. - Jessie Graff does it again. Yes, I'll do a spin with you. Family, friends, how we feeling? How proud are you of this lady right here? [all cheering] Exactly, all of that. Jessie, what a run. When you first got to the starting line, how were you feeling? - I just always want to do my best. I want to beat the best I've ever done. Hard not to be scared when you want it so badly, but it's so much fun. - We are so proud of you. Congratulations, Jessie, inspiring us all. Hey, fam, one more time. Give a quick wave. All right, girl, we will see you in the semifinals. Great job out there. - Thank you. - Guys, take it away. - He's a rock and roller who likes to run fast. - I'm ready to go. Let's have some fun. Let's do this. - R.J. Roman's up next on "American Ninja Warrior." - Welcome back to St. Louis, where we're coming to you from inside the massive Dome at America's Center. The Lunatic Ledges have been the big story, but every obstacle on this course can end your night, even the first one. Amber Dawkins came to raise awareness for cystic fibrosis. [all cheering] And she threw off the vest she wears every day to deal with the life-threatening lung condition. - She is a ninja warrior. - Though the CF Warrior didn't get far... - No! - She still got to spread her message. - Just being here is a win. - Then there was Virginia college student Ben Whitlow. He's the Frog Giggin' Ninja, a country boy who likes to jump into the water and catch frogs with his bare hands. - I got him! - So when he faced the Shrinking Steps, it was a shock when he couldn't catch the rope with his bare hands. Oh, no! - Oh, no, no! Stay out the water! - Oh! - Didn't have the hops, Akbar. - [laughs] - Then it was Jessica Helmer. She's part of R.J. Roman's group of Florida ninjas. - Here you go, Jessica! - She calls herself Jessica Rabbit, and with her pet bunny Enni watching, she came to raise awareness for rabbit adoption. - I'm running for buns tonight. - She didn't run far though. Helmer had the hops but not the hands. - Oh, my goodness, right in her back. The bunny run is done. - Well, here comes another member of that Florida squad. It's a blast from the past, the former King of the Jungle, Ben Melick. Tarzan is back, but some things are a little different. - I came into "Ninja Warrior" in season six as Tarzan. - He is King of the Jungle tonight on "American Ninja Warrior." [buzzer blaring] - It kinda empowered me. It's a little bit of who I grew up as, climbing trees, jumping out of stuff. Back then, I was a celebrity trainer in Hollywood. It was great, but I hadn't been around my family in almost a decade, so I decided to move back to Orlando, Florida area, where I grew up. [country music] My family has a ranch there. We have cattle, and we're about to start strawberries, so we all kinda pitch in. You know, going from the hustle and bustle of L.A. to the outside of the city limits kind of lifestyle has actually been really good for me. Moving out here, as opposed to being inside of a gym, I had to get more creative. If you've never dug a hole with a set of post hole diggers, it's quite the workout. I think it's time to set the loincloth aside and just be me for this time, but the spirit of Tarzan's always gonna be in me, and you're gonna see it tonight on the course. ♪ - Uh-oh. - Hold on, hold on. What's this? - Oh, my. - What's this? - Oh. Well, he's retiring the loincloth. He's become civilized. - Let's go, Ben! - Waves at his girlfriend, Amber, and her son. They're watching with Ben's mom. - Come on, Ben, crush! - And his Florida squad of R.J. Roman, who runs next, and Jessica Helmer, who just ran, will be on the sideline. [countdown clock beeping] - This is his first time running without a loincloth. - It's his first time on the course in three years, and these obstacles have only gotten more challenging. - All right, this is a tough obstacle today. - We've seen a lot of ninjas, a slight misplacement here, and they end up in the water. Takes an extra swing to get that momentum. - Yeah, climb around. - I like this, Matt. He's under control, and that's what you need. - Quick turnaround, and, wow, made short work of Lunatic Ledges. Now the Beehive. - Get up there. - Oh, like that swing. - Matt, that man is on a mission. - Oh, wow, quick transition. - He's looking like he's in tip-top shape, and remember, he's a three-time national finalist back in seasons six, seven, and eight. He was at his top. - But having trouble rotating this honeycomb. There it is, locked it into place. - Yeah! - Watch it, though, expending a little extra grip energy. - Yeah, he's gotta make that location and grab. Nice. - Ooh, good hold. - Come on, you're out of there. - You can see that momentum. - Matt, he moved out the city and just got country strong on us. - 5'10", 165, watch him on the Spinning Bridge. - Fast feet, come on. - Nice, nice. - Let's go! - And there it is, was leaning forward but stayed upright. - He may not be Tarzan, but he can bang on his chest a couple more times. Come on. - There it is. - Yeah! Yeah! He's having fun out here. We saw him hanging up a little bit on the Beehive. Will that come back to haunt him here on Ferris Wheel? Not our fastest, but still has a decent time to this point. - Oh, my goodness! - And he's got it. Looking for that handle to settle. - Ooh! - Oh, missed it. - Yeah, when that handle starts going side to side like that, it can be very hard. - It's too long a reach unless you get up higher to transition over now. You know that you're gonna go to that second wheel. - Yeah, nice, trying to get that little momentum. - He's going up with it. - And going up. - You can see he's crossed over, Akbar. - Ooh, no, no, no, no, no. - He's got his hands twisted around. - What... what is he doing? What is he doing? - And he could be in trouble. No! - No, no! ♪ - All right, good job, Ben. - Ben Melick coming out of retirement after three years and just couldn't hang on. Considering his time way, this was a pretty good run by Ben Melick, but he got crossed up on the Ferris Wheel. We'll have to see if that gets him into the top 12. - So now it's R.J.'s turn. He's the last of his crew of Florida ninjas. This guy plays bass in a band called Emuness, and he's not just a rock star. He's proven he's a ninja star as well. - Just 24 years old, and he's made it to the national finals both years he's competed, getting to stage two, and then stage three last season. - R.J. Roman looking to shred. He's got his audience, the woman who's been his rock, his grandma, Mary Geddes, there with his dad, Roland. - Dad's got his shirt cut off. He's ready to rock and roll. - There's his mom, Michele Geddes, and his niece, Alena. - Come on, R.J.! - Plus the two ninjas he's brought from Florida. R.J. can make sure both of them move on to the semifinals if he can get to the Power Tower and win, but he'll have to beat Thomas Stillings' time of 1:29 to get there. [countdown clock beeping] - And R.J. can do it. He always runs like his hair is on fire. Look at that speed. - Oh, my. - You got it, you got it. - Boy, he is going fast. Don't be reckless though. - He's clearly gunning for that Power Tower. - Well, he's a rock star, Matt, and he's been one ever since coming on "American Ninja Warrior." - Look at the power he's generating with those hips. - Now get those hips turning the right way so you can go 270. - Nice. - There it is, yes! - And lock it in. There it goes. - Breathe. - Come on, R.J. - Tough kinda blind hand placement there, but gets it. - R.J.'s not playing around. He's at Spinning Bridge in a little over 30 seconds. Wow. - Yeah! R.J.! - He's not doing slow jams. This is speed metal here. - I told you, he parties like a rock star. - Well, his band, Emuness, just put out their second album. - Go, R.J.! - R.J. Roman making short work of this course, and, if he keeps up with this pace, he may blow past both Stillings' and Sean Bryan's time for fastest of the night. He's putting out a solo hit here. - A musician, a writer, a ninja, amazing. - Here we go. R.J. Roman's gonna do it. - Whoo! [buzzer blaring] - Yeah! [all cheering] [rock music] - R.J., you're going to the Power Tower with that run. - Let's go! - Oh, my. - I'm bringing her back in. You guys haven't seen what she can do yet. She's coming back. - That's right, you're headed to the Power Tower, and you've got a chance to save your two buddies down there and get them into the semifinals. Well, what a Power Tower matchup. It'll be the rocker versus the religious worker, R.J. Roman versus Sean Bryan, our two fastest finishers going head to head, and this new Power Tower is a beast, with an exhausting climb, then a slide down and a run across angled steps, only to climb back up and take on four dangerous swings across the dropping shelves, 40 feet high, on their way to the buzzer, and it's next on "American Ninja Warrior." - Welcome back to the final moments of our third night of qualifying here on "American Ninja Warrior," and get ready for our big finish. We're back at the Power Tower for another showdown between speed demons with the Papal Ninja, Sean Bryan... Apologies for calling you a demon... And the rocker R.J. Roman. These two are gonna race as individuals but they'll have a chance to save the two ninjas they brought. - Yeah, Matt. Whichever athlete wins will advance their team to the semifinals. Sean Bryan could resurrect Father Stephen Gadberry and pastor David Womelsdorf, and, for R.J., his crew from Orlando, Ben Melick and Jessica Helmer, would be back in the game. - Yeah! - Sean's got his whole family cheering him on from Springfield, New Jersey, and R.J. has his mom watching from Jacksonville, Florida. - You got it, R.J.! Let's go! You can do it! - You know both these guys wanna deliver for their team. - No, no, no, no! - Oh! - Ben Melick just couldn't hang on. - I really wanted to get to the Power Tower to give my teammates another chance. - Ooh, an early exit for Jessica Helmer. - I'll bring her back. She'll get her redemption. So I'm really grateful that I have a chance to bring her back so that she can show people what she's capable of. ♪ - I have a lot on the line right now. Both my teammates went out early. - Oh! - And I'm really hoping for a little redemption. ♪ Out of everyone running tonight, the last person I would want to go against is R.J. Roman. - This is speed metal here. - And he's just gonna go full throttle, 100%, so I gotta be on my game. - He is a stud athlete, so focused. - Sean comes from a lot of years as an elite gymnast behind him, and I have absolutely no athletic background before this, but speed is my thing, and the Power Tower's all about speed. - This is gonna be a sprint! - You gotta go! You gotta hustle! - R.J.'s known as a speed demon. I guess I'm gonna have to be a speed angel. - Time to give him hell. [tense music] - You should feel that energy, that electricity, coming through your television screen. [countdown clock beeping] - And they're off. - You gotta calm these... You gotta calm these... - Oh, my! - Go ape wall, then! Nice! [cheering] - Just head to head, great pace. - They're neck and neck. Uh-oh, Sean Bryan ahead! - Sean Bryan first down the fire pole. - Uh-oh, here we go. - Onto the floating steps. - R.J. Roman's starting to catch up! [all shouting indistinctly] - And just about dead even here. But Bryan... - He's ascending to heaven! - Flying up to the dropping shelves! - Oh, my, but it's R.J. over there first! - Oh, head to head, Bryan, Roman! - Oh, oh, boy, here we go! - Bryan just ahead of R.J.! - Oh, it's back and forth, back and forth! Oh! - R.J. to the tower! - From behind, R.J. Roman leaps ahead, hits the buzzer! ♪ - Yeah! - Wow. - Yeah! - My... - So he, Ben Melick, and Jessica Rabbit going to the semis. What a race! - Matt, that was a leap of faith by R.J. Roman. Check this out! Sean Bryan jumped out to a lead, but R.J. Roman made up some ground on the climb up. I mean, they were side-by-side on the third dropping shelf, and then watch this by R.J. He just goes for it, barely stays on the platform, and gets the win. - Be careful. Well, we'll see both of these two back in the semifinals... - Yes! - Along with R.J.'s two Florida ninjas, Ben Melick and Jessica Helmer. Here's who else is moving on. Behind R.J. and Sean Bryan Thomas Stillings, Austin Gray, and the only rookie, Tage Herrington. Other finishers include the Godfather, David Campbell, and, of course, Jessie Graff, who tied the women's record with her fifth buzzer. Adam Rayl was one of the three non-finishers to make it into the top 12, and joining Jessie Graff in the top three women are Zhanique Lovett and new mom Rachael Goldstein. That's it for tonight. Next week, we wrap up the qualifying rounds with another star-studded group, including top ninja and model Meagan Martin. - Yeah, and the Weatherman, Connecticut's Joe Moravsky. - Yeah! - For Akbar Gbajabiamila and Zuri Hall, I'm Matt Iseman. We'll see you next time on "American Ninja Warrior." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 