American Ninja Warrior: Season 12, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Ninja Warrior 
 s12e1 - Episode #12.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Ninja Warrior (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 1 - Episode #12.1 - full transcript 
 American Ninja Warrior returns for Season 12, inside the Dome at America's Center in St. Louis. The series will feature the nation's top athletes competing in Qualifying, Semi-Final and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] ‐ It's a community like no other. ‐ Come on, Demonte. You got this. ‐ The rare sport where rivals train together... ‐ Nice. ‐ Lift each other up... [buzzer blares] ‐ And push one another to incredible heights. [Tedashii's "Gotta Live" playing] ‐ ♪ Even when my light burns low ♪ ‐ No! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ‐ Oh! ‐ ♪ I could never lose my hope ♪ ♪ ♪ [all cheering] ‐ Ninjas, they're all about positivity, and I think that's what the world really needs right now. ‐ ♪ There are days that I fail ♪ ‐ No! ‐ "American Ninja Warrior" is all about hope and overcoming obstacles. Thank you so much! That has never been more important than in 2020. ‐ ♪ Through the pain we prevail ♪ ‐ Whoo! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [cheering] ‐ That's why, on this very special season of "American Ninja Warrior," the top 50 athletes will be bringing along two people from their communities. Sandy Zimmerman has made history! ‐ The world is about to witness three moms that are gonna go out there and crush it. [laughs] all: Team Super Moms! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Hey, hey, oh, she's getting it. ‐ We are bringing the New York spirit to you. We're gonna light the course on fire. ‐ Yeah! Love you! ‐ She has been battling this COVID crisis on the front lines. ‐ ♪ Everybody has their doubts ♪ ♪ But you can't stop now ♪ ♪ You just, you just gotta live ♪ ‐ You're a real hero, a real hero! ‐ What a save! ‐ ♪ You just, you just gotta live ♪ [buzzer blaring] [cheering] ‐ Hopefully watching this show and all of us coming back and doing what we love to do will bring hope to a lot of people that hey, like, good times are on the way. ‐ The competition will still be fierce with epic new obstacles and the best of the best competing for $100,000. ‐ ♪ You were born to win, yeah, you're a fighter ♪ ‐ I'm just excited to get out there and hit some buzzers. ‐ ♪ You just, you just gotta live ♪ ‐ Oh, my! The time has come. "American Ninja Warrior" is back. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Yeah! ‐ I have been in my house for months, and I am ready to hit this course! ‐ ♪ You just, you just gotta live ♪ [upbeat music] ‐ Welcome to St. Louis. We're inside the Dome at America's Center ready to kick off another season of "American Ninja Warrior." Hello, everyone. I'm Matt Iseman. ‐ And I'm Akbar Gbajabiamila, and, Matt, it is great to be back. ‐ It really is. Look, the world has changed these past few months, and we've changed with it. As you can see, no crowds here tonight, and friends and family will be watching remotely. ‐ Yeah, but you know what? We're still gonna have a lot of fun, and you'll see all of your favorite ninjas back on the course. ‐ We're gonna be here in the Dome for the next eight weeks, and keeping things rolling down on the floor will be the third member of our team, Zuri Hall. ‐ Guys, it is so great to be with you again. I am gonna be holding it down here on the sideline, which looks a little different, but our course is as intense as ever, and tonight our ninjas gonna have to put a ring on it. Tonight's qualifying course starts with the Shrinking Steps, followed by a new obstacle, Weight For It. Then it's Ring Chaser. That big ring is gonna roll down the track. The ninjas will have to grab it before it falls, then swing to the other side. Up fourth is the new balance obstacle, Rib Run, followed by a fan favorite, Slingshot, and then it ends at the 14 1/2‐foot Warped Wall. And there's still 10 grand up for grabs if anyone can make it up the 18‐foot Mega Wall. [buzzer blares] Okay, now how do I get down from here, guys? ‐ All right, Zuri, you better be careful up there. ‐ And we're starting off this season with some of our biggest names. ‐ Yes, and that includes Hollywood stuntman Flip Rodriguez. ‐ He's got it! ‐ We'll also see the Island Ninja, Grant McCartney. ‐ Yeah! ‐ And the Big Dog, air condition technician Jody Avila, plus 44‐year‐old super mom Sandy Zimmerman. ‐ Mom, the first mom! ‐ And everyone's favorite schoolteacher, Allyssa Beird. ‐ She's done it again! Well, we're gonna kick things off with one of the ninjas Allyssa has brought with her. In this special season, our top stars have invited two other athletes to compete, and Allyssa wanted to reward two of her fellow teachers. Here's one of them. This is Robert Moffitt, a fifth grade teacher from Vermont whose passion for ninja runs deep. [light guitar music] ‐ If Mr. Robert takes two minutes to complete the whole obstacle course, and there are six obstacles, how long does it take to complete each obstacle? ‐ Tonight I'm leading a team of teachers, and I picked Robert Moffitt because he absolutely loves Ninja. He has been waiting for this opportunity for years. ‐ ♪ Somewhere past tomorrow ♪ ♪ It's better than it seems ♪ ‐ Vermont is not known as a hotbed for "American Ninja Warrior" athletes. I moved to Vermont because of a promise I made to my grandmother. I would not let her spend her last days in a nursing home, and she passed away a year and a half after I moved up there. And it was very devastating for me. Ninja was, like, that‐‐that shining light. It's like, hey, you know, you can get through this. ‐ ♪ So get up off your knees ♪ ♪ Hope is still alive ♪ ‐ I would go out on my course and I would get that energy out, and it was my outlet. I've lost 70 pounds since doing Ninja. ‐ ♪ 'Cause the stars are on your side ♪ ‐ You know, so not only am I a super fan, but Ninja saved my life in a lot of ways. ♪ ♪ When I get on the wall and hit that buzzer... ♪ ♪ It's gonna be a dream come true. ♪ ♪ [cheers and applause] ‐ Luckily, friends and family are gonna be able to watch these runs from home. That's Robert's wife and three kids plus his mother, Carol. ‐ We're gonna see you all the way through, Daddy. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Now, this is still an individual competition, but he'll have his fellow teachers on the sideline for support. We'll see them run in just a bit. ‐ Come on, Robert! [countdown clock beeping] ‐ And here we go, kicking off season 12, and right through the first obstacle, the Shrinking Steps, but now this new obstacle, Weight For It. That first bar drops down, and a good job absorbing. You could see him pulling those arms up. That second bar weighted. It will drop as soon as ‐ he releases this first bar. ‐ It's perfect. ‐ Yeah, he's gotta be all about that timing. ‐ Good catch. ‐ Nice! ‐ Yeah, yes! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Yes! Yes! ‐ He should have a good enough wingspan to get to that third bar. Got it, reaching out, taking that transition out on the third one, making it easy. ‐ Yeah, Matt, he's coming out here as a 35‐year‐old rookie. ‐ Second transfer, got it. ‐ Nice! ‐ Never easy to be the first on an obstacle. Moffitt fighting his way through. ‐ Take your time. ‐ Come on, come on. ‐ Take your time. ‐ You got it! Yeah! ‐ Yes! Yes! [cheers and applause] ‐ Throwing some love to the family. ‐ Love you! ‐ And he will be the first to face this new obstacle, Ring Chaser. ‐ Matt, this obstacle is so cool. Now, keep your eyes out for that big red ring. It moves fast. ‐ Grabs on to that first bar, the ring will start to roll. It's a race! ‐ Get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it! Nice! ‐ Got it! ‐ Got it! ‐ What a grab. ‐ Whoo‐hoo‐hoo‐hoo! ‐ Now, you can see that big ring, a 14‐inch diameter, the smaller ring above him, only 8 inches. Had he missed, would have had to use the smaller one. Now has to jump the ring over to that hook. ‐ Come on, Mr. Moffitt. Oh, okay! ‐ Got it! This is an incredible run by this rookie fifth grade teacher. ‐ Matt, he is spinning in circles right now. He needs to straighten out. ‐ You can see, though, the arms extended, the grip giving out. ‐ I can do it. ‐ Come on, come on. Get out of there. ‐ Got it! ‐ Yes! ‐ Yes! ‐ And already sizing up the next obstacle. Time is important this year. Only the top 12 will move on. ‐ This is another new one, Matt, Rib Run. The key here is to run down the middle and go fast. ‐ You got this. ‐ No doubts. We all believe in you. ‐ Keep your knees high, too. You wanna go boom, pow, boom, pow. ‐ Gotta be quick. ‐ Just like that, boom, pow, boom, pow. Ooh! ‐No! ‐ Oh, right in his ribs, my goodness! ‐ Well, gotta give the teacher an A for effort, making it to the fourth obstacle as a rookie. Always good to reward a teacher. Glad he got to live out his dream. ‐ I did it! Yes! Yeah! ‐ Look at this great catch on Ring Chaser, and then survived the shaky dismount, but on Rib Run, those ribs will fly out to the side if you don't stay in the middle, and that's exactly what happened to Robert Moffitt. ‐ This is the greatest experience of my life. Thank you, "Ninja Warrior"! Whoo! ‐ Well, it's gonna be a special season, and here's how it's gonna work. This is the first of four qualifying nights. The top 12 individuals and top three women will move on to one of our two semifinals, and only the best will advance to the finals, where the winner takes home $100,000. ‐ Okay, Matt, are you ready for some football, or at least a football player on our course? ‐ Always, big man. Up next, former NFL linebacker Kamerion Wimbley. ‐ Oh, yeah, here we go. Wimble played nine seasons in the NFL. Now, back in season four, he ran our course. He did really well. ‐ [barking] ‐ Well, that's why ninja superstar Grant McCartney recruited him to be a part of his super‐size group of ninjas. ‐ All right, hands in. Big boys on three. One, two, three! All: Big boys! ‐ My team for this year is gonna be a little unique, a little different. We're the big boy club, swole squad, a little bit heftier. Quarantine maybe helped put on even more thickness for some of us. [laughs] Oh, man. I chose Kamerion because Kamerion's a freak athlete. He hit a buzzer at 255 pounds eight years ago. Got the strength and determination to compete at a high level. ‐ He ran into the wall, still managed to get his hand up. ‐ I'm in the history books as the biggest guy to finish the course and hit a buzzer, so I'm looking forward to getting back out there and hitting the buzzer again. ‐ Every year when I compete on the show, people are like, "Oh, you're too heavy, at over 200 pounds, to complete courses," but Kamerion Wimbley, he shows me this is still possible. The big boys are about to do big things. ♪ ♪ You got it, man. Do your thing! ‐ You know, Grant's got that NFL connection. His dad, Ron, he played in the league. ‐ The other member of this group is the Speedo Ninja, Mike Wright. Kam's also getting support from his former teammate with the Browns, Chris Jennings. ‐ Let's go! I see you with your game face, baby! ‐ Let's go, Kam! ‐ And don't forget, the NFL kicks off this week with the Super Bowl champion Chiefs taking on the Texans. ‐ It's Thursday night football on NBC. ‐ Let's go, bro! ‐ Come on. ‐ But at 240 pounds, he's the heaviest competitor we'll see tonight. This new obstacle, Weight For It, it's gonna be a challenge. ‐ Can you imagine if he hits another buzzer after eight years? ‐ Oh, this crowd would erupt, Akbar. I'm talking about you and me, and look at that bar. That thing is about to break! ‐ Yeah, I don't even know if the course can handle his weight. ‐ Well, that run back in season four was amazing, still the biggest ever to hit a buzzer. ‐ There you go! ‐ This could be a tough transition, a lot of mass. ‐ Make that tackle. Come on, make that tackle! Come on! ‐ There it is! ‐ Nice! Oh, my goodness! ‐ How is he holding on? ‐ Matt, he almost dislocated his shoulder on that one. ‐ Build it up. Build it up. ‐ You can see that grip. When those arms are fully extended, that's a sign of trouble. ‐ Anticipate the drop. Let it drop. There you go. Pull back and swing. Keep a swing going. ‐ He is fighting through here. ‐ And G‐Mac offering advice. You can see the pain on his face. ‐ Come on, champ. ‐ 240 pounds. ‐ We were together at the last Super Bowl when he was talking big game about what he was gonna do here on "Ninja." ‐ Will the grip hold? ‐ Come on, Kam! ‐ Hold on, hold on! ‐ Kam! ‐ Oh! Ohh! ‐ Oh, Kam! ‐ Oh, my God. ‐ Oh, man. ‐ The linebacker gets sacked by the second obstacle. Considering his size, a great effort out of Kam Wimbley. ‐ You can see that bar bending, he's so heavy. He fought his way to the final bar and had his hands on it, but it is tough to hold 240 pounds on your fingertips. ‐ Maybe next year. I'll be back. Whew! ‐ Tonight‐‐ ‐ ♪ Even when my light burns low ♪ ‐ Mommy. ‐ It's the start of a very special season on "American Ninja Warrior." ‐ I got you guys. Let's do it. ‐ Last year, she showed moms everywhere that nothing's Zimm‐possible. [buzzer blaring] ‐ You just made her‐story! ‐ Tonight, Sandy Zimmerman gets to introduce two other tough mothers. ‐ Never count moms out. Mom! ‐ Tyler Gillett dreamed of ninja when he was just a kid. Now that he's a ninja star... ‐ Oh, my goodness. [buzzer blares] ‐ He's giving two other dream chasers their chance to shine. ‐ This is my opportunity to be able to lift them up, so look out for them. ‐ And up next, she's been fighting on the front lines of the pandemic. ‐ ♪ I could never lose my hope ♪ ‐ Now, her husband's bringing her to battle the ninja course with him. ‐ She's a hero, and I really wanna reward her. ‐ ♪ You can't stop now ♪ ‐ Yeah! ‐ ♪ You just gotta live ♪ ‐ And it's all tonight on the season premiere of "American Ninja Warrior." ‐ ♪ You just, you just gotta live ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Welcome back to Saint Louis and a new season of "American Ninja Warrior." This year's been like no other. Due to the current health crisis, our ninjas and crew must follow strict safety guidelines, including testing, distancing, and wearing masks. ‐ And it's all been done from a place of protecting you guys and protecting our crew. The fact that we're actually here today and made it to today, it's unbelievable. [cheers and applause] So thanks to all of you guys. ‐ And during this new season, we wanna recognize the heroes who've been working hard to keep all of us safe, and here's one of them. This is Pauline Avila, a nurse in the intensive care unit at Houston's Methodist Hospital. She's wearing the protective gear she wears every day on the job. ‐ Let's go, babe! You got it! ‐ Pauline's husband Jody, who's a top ninja, invited her to come run the course tonight as a break from the lifesaving work she's been doing. [somber music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Starting in March, my unit became a COVID IC unit. [machines beeping] ♪ ♪ Some days are‐‐are really just tough for us. I mean, just last week, I held the hands of my dying patient... And‐‐while his daughter watched him take his last breath through an iPad. ♪ ♪ She kept saying to me, "Thank you "for being there with him, so he's not dying alone." ♪ ♪ In the first few months, I tried to distance myself from my family as much as I could, and to this day I sleep in the guest bedroom in my house. [knocking] ‐ Hi! ‐ You know, just not being able to spend time with us or the boys is‐‐ I know it's really hard on her. ‐ Mommy. ‐ When my youngest son, who's four years old, comes up to me and he says, "Mommy, why can't I hug you? Mommy, why can't I kiss you?" It's heartbreaking. ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ I will find my way back ♪ ♪ My way back ♪ ‐ She's a hero, and I really wanna reward her. She's the perfect candidate to be on my team. ‐ ♪ On my way back ♪ ‐ Yeah! ‐ Whoo! After all I've been through, I'm excited to run the Ninja course. I want people to know that brighter days are ahead, ♪ ♪ And we're all gonna get through this together. ‐ ♪ It's just where I belong ♪ ‐ Go, Mommy, go! [cheering] ‐ Akbar, we've had a lot of healthcare workers compete on this show before, but this year, it is particularly different. These are truly frontline heroes, and you could see the emotion being out here. ‐ Yeah, Matt, as we all pull together during this global pandemic, it's people like Pauline Avila and the frontline workers who are really just trying to make this a better place. ‐ Hi, Mommy! ‐ Hi, Mommy! ‐ I love you! ‐ There are her two sons and other members of her family watching back in Houston. ‐ Let's go, babe! You got it! ‐ There you go. ‐ Her husband, Jody, and another inspiring ninja he's brought along from Houston, Roge't Maddox, will be cheering from the sidelines. They'll run later. [countdown clock beeping] She's been working long hours at the hospital, has had very little time to train for ninja. ‐ This will be huge, just to get through this first obstacle. ‐ Good push, and she's through! ‐ There you go! ‐ Let's go! ‐ She got through one. ‐ [cheering] ‐ That's a win, Matt. [cheering] ‐ Come on! ‐ And look at Jody's smile. ‐ Man, I can imagine all her coworkers in Houston are smiling right now. ‐ Only 4'11", gonna be a challenge just to reach this second obstacle, Weight For It. ‐ Jump up as high as you can. You got this, babe. ‐ I love you. ‐ Just like the backyard. I love you, babe. Come on, you got this. ‐ She needs a big leap right here. [both groaning] ‐ Ah, dang it. ‐ Couldn't reach that bar, but that's okay. Pauline Avila came out with so little time to train, but she wanted to represent those frontline healthcare workers, and she did just that. ‐ It's okay. ‐ Well, getting through Shrinking Steps is a real challenge with her size, but she did it, and then watch her hands. She was just a fingertip short on Weight For It. Her husband and her family are so proud of her tonight. ‐ And she's standing by with Zuri. ‐ Pauline, you were a hero before you even got to the start line today, critical care nurse. We here at "Ninja" and across the nation thank you for all that you do on the front lines. How does it feel to know that you were able to take the course at all, let alone with your kids watching, with Jody having your back? Take your time. ‐ It has been a really tough and stressful past few months. ‐ Yeah. ‐ And just seeing my family here, and my kids, like, watching, and being with my husband just‐‐amazing feeling being here right now, so. ‐ Yeah. ‐ What she did today, we've been working on that first obstacle so long at the house in the backyard, and I'm so proud of her that she got by it. ‐ Yup. ‐ And she would have got the second one had she not been tiny, but I'm super proud of her for everything that she does, and I love her to death. ‐ Well, Pauline, we're so proud of you again. We all thank you for everything you're doing. ‐ Thank you, thank you so much. ‐ Thank you. Guys, back to you. ‐ Thanks, Zuri, and another profession we appreciate these days are our teachers, and here comes another one. This is Pennsylvania's John Huie, another fellow educator invited to compete this year by Allyssa Beird. This guy is a fun‐loving middle school music teacher, and he's got his whole family ready to jam. ♪ ♪ ‐ He's conducting from here? Aww, this is dope. This is dope. ♪ ♪ Hey, Matt, let's get in on that. Let's get in on that. [playing along] ♪ ♪ ‐ Even Zuri on the triangle. Unbelievable performance. ‐ That's my family! ‐ Well, you can see why they love him back at Northeast Middle School. ‐ What's up, what's up, what's up? My name is John Huie. I am a music teacher in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. My students all call me Funky Mr. Huie. ♪ ♪ I love getting students to discover they love to learn about music. It's super rewarding. Thank you. She had the hard part. My house is always full of music. Everybody's trying to get their practice time in, so it gets a little hectic, but it's fun. Gotta squeeze in training when I can. A lot of people don't think of music teachers as being athletic, but I'm gonna prove them wrong tonight. It's time for Mr. Huie... ♪ ♪ To get funky. ♪ ♪ ‐ You got this! ‐ Also ready to get funky, his family and his brother's family‐‐ ‐ Let's go, John! Come on! ‐ As well as his fellow teachers and teammates on the sideline. ‐ As a music teacher, you better have some rhythm. [countdown clock beeping] ‐ You got this! ‐ 42 years old, a rookie. ‐ Keep the rhythm. Nice. ‐ Good start there. Ooh, dangerously close to the water. ‐ Ooh, he came very close. Yeah, he did. ‐ Huie in the house! ‐ And now this new obstacle, Weight For It. ‐ Come on, you got it. ‐ You see, those bars will drop when you grab them. ‐ Timing's important, and the musician should have good timing. ‐ 5'10", 150‐‐ can he absorb the drop on this transition to the second bar? ‐ Get up high‐‐nice. ‐ Good job. ‐ It's great technique by the rookie. ‐ And that is so difficult, that bar dropping, grabbing it in midair, absorbing it as it drops over two feet. ‐ Nice. ‐ Mr. Huie, at 42 years old, the oldest male athlete competing tonight. ‐ Let's go, John! ‐ Come on, John, you got this! ‐ Another move just like that. ‐ Big transfer. ‐ Great anticipation. ‐ Oh, by his fingertips! ‐ Ooh, he almost slipped off on that one. ‐ You saw the left hand barely hanging on, his family elated. ‐ Come on, get there! Get there! ‐ He was voted by his students as the most influential teacher. He's influencing them right now. ‐ And look at that, pointing to the family, a music teacher for 18 years, a ninja warrior for two obstacles, now on Ring Chaser, and this obstacle is new and unique. You want to try to catch that ring after it rolls down the side. ‐ You got this, you got it. ‐ Go, Daddy! ‐ A real challenge to go fast enough to get that big ring. ‐ All right, you gotta go. ‐ There goes the ring. ‐ Come on, come on! ‐ That's okay. You can use this smaller ring, this smaller handle, only an 8‐inch diameter, which means you have to be much more precise on this transition. ‐ Matt, that is hard. I'm not fooling with that small circle. That small circle ain't it. ‐ A 6‐foot drop, 10 inches down. ‐ Oh, boy. ‐ You can see it swings. That makes it a little difficult. ‐ Focus. Focus! ‐ Got it! ‐ Nice! So impressive, and he is through! ‐ Yeah! [cheering] ‐ All right, look at Mr. Huie getting funky. ‐ He's made it through three obstacles, now facing the fourth, this new balance obstacle, Rib Run. ‐ One bad step, boom. Keep the feet nice and hot. ‐ And he is. ‐ Now, now, high knees, high knees! ‐ Oh! [horn blares] [all groaning] Rib Run is the swan song for the music teacher. We'll have to wait to see if that's good enough to get him into the top 12. ‐ That was fun, and the water's cold. Oh, man. ‐ Coming up, the first mom ever up the Warped Wall, we'll see Sandy Zimmerman when "American Ninja Warrior" returns. ‐ Welcome back to St. Louis and the season premiere of "American Ninja Warrior." This year we're doing something special. Our top stars were given the opportunity to bring two deserving ninjas with them. All the athletes are still competing as individuals, and only the top 12 ninjas and the top three women from tonight's qualifying will move on. While we were away, the first of a trio of super moms led by Sandy Zimmerman took her shot on the course. Garrison, New York's Sheila Williams is a mother to five kids. ‐ I gave birth to a baby by myself, so this has gotta be easier than that. ‐ The voiceover artist showed some fancy footwork at the start line. ‐ Her kids are saying, "Stop it, Mom, stop it." ‐ But her feet failed her on the very first obstacle. ‐ Oh! ‐ Oh, no! ‐ Goodness, that happened fast. ‐ We love you! We love you! [cheering] ‐ Well, now it's time for the leader of the super moms to hit the course. Take it away, Zuri. ‐ That is one tough mother headed to the start line. Last season, Sandy Zimmerman became the first mom to make it up the Warped Wall, and now she's become a hero to women around the world. ‐ ♪ Ohh ♪ all: Beat that wall! Beat that wall! Beat that wall! ‐ In Tacoma last year, I obviously had some really big, huge goals. ‐ ♪ It's time, it's time, it's time ♪ [cheering] ‐ Yes, yes! ‐ Yes! ‐ ♪ I'm breakin' through ♪ [buzzer blaring] ‐ Sandy Zimmerman has done it! ‐ ♪ I'm changin' the rules ♪ ‐ Sandy, you just made her‐story! ‐ Mom! The first mom! The first mom! ‐ Sandy is a complete inspiration. The moment she got to the top of the Warped Wall, it was like, "Okay, I am doing this." ‐ ♪ I'm breakin' through, ooh ♪ ‐ To watch somebody like Sandy, who has kids, it's like, oh, you know, my time's not past. I can still do this. ‐ ♪ I'm changing the rules, ooh ♪ ‐ I'm just a mom from Spokane, mother of three, PE teacher that grew up poor and on welfare, and I spent time in the foster care system, but I think for me, what "American Ninja Warrior" has done is it's given me a platform... ‐ Sandy Zimmerman became a bit of a local celebrity this summer. ‐ To inspire people to reach their potential, to dream big, to live life to the fullest. ‐ ♪ I'm breakin' through, ooh ♪ ‐ Yes! ‐ Whoo! If I can empower people to do that... ‐ One, two, three! All: Team super moms! ‐ Whoo! ‐ That's the main reason I'm back. ‐ ♪ I'm breakin' through ♪ ‐ Well, we are happy she's back, as are her three kids and husband Charlie, watching from their home back in Spokane, Washington. ‐ Come on, Sandy! ‐ Plus the family of a young ninja fan she's especially close to, Oaklee McBride. [countdown clock beeping] At 44, the oldest person competing tonight. Oh, my. ‐ Oh, my goodness, Matt! She is coming out strong. ‐ Well, we saw her, such confidence last year. ‐ And, Matt, you can tell she's been working hard. She's in great shape as well. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Whoo! ‐ And Sandy, coolest PE teacher around. ‐ But I doubt she teaches trapeze in her PE class. Build up some swing now. ‐ Gets to that second bar. ‐ Attagirl. ‐ She wanted to enjoy it out here, and she is doing just that. ‐ She and her family eat, breathe, and sleep ninja. They even have an enormous backyard course they host tournaments in. ‐ Now has to make another leap over to the final bar. Got it. ‐ Oh, yeah, whoo! ‐ Yeah, her fellow moms showing support. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Go, Sandy! ‐ And Sandy is through. ‐ Come on, Sandy! ‐ But look at that, smiling with the family. Love seeing the smile on her face. ‐ Well, let's see if she can keep that smile going through Ring Chaser. ‐ You got this. Just do what you do. ‐ Sandy played college basketball at Gonzaga, has great hands. Missed the ring. ‐ Oh, watch out! ‐ It's all right. ‐ It's okay. ‐ Now gotta go for that smaller handle. This requires much more precision. ‐ You gotta see where you're going. Not too much swing where you slide off. ‐ 'Cause that ring slides as you're building up momentum. Oh, Sandy could be in trouble here. You can see it sliding. ‐ Paralysis by analysis. You can't look at it too long. Now she's going side to side. She's lost momentum going up and down. ‐ Well, it's a real challenge here with that smaller handle. ‐ Come on, back and forth. Oh, she's holding on too long, Matt. ‐ Yes, whoo! ‐ Got it! ‐ Oh, okay! ‐ Got it! ‐ She had grip strength! She had that reserve strength there in the tank! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Just so impressive out of Sandy Zimmerman. ‐ I thought she was gonna gas out. ‐ But here's the real test, Rib Run. Nobody has survived this obstacle yet. Sandy just 5'6", gonna need some big strides. ‐ Nice, nice, nice, nice, nice! Ooh! ‐ Got it! ‐ Boom! ‐ Yeah! ‐ Sacrificing her body, and she is pumped. ‐ Matt, she fell right on her six‐pack! Look at this, she just‐‐ I mean, picture perfect. Look at that, boom, boom, stumbling right‐‐right there on her six‐pack, boom! ‐ And now she'll be the first tonight to face Slingshot. She has to drop that bar down the series of landing areas, and those are bungee cords, so you really bounce. Going to that switch grip. Gotta get some good kip here and launch up. You gotta be so precise with that bar and those bungees, really will spring you up. ‐ Oh! ‐ Good recovery, but now the big drop. Oh, no! And it looked like the right side of that bar popped, but she managed to survive. Great recovery by Sandy. ‐ Ooh! ‐ And now just a couple moves away from another run at the Warped Wall. ‐ Oh, but this is a big one. ‐ Ohh! [horn blares] ♪ ♪ ‐ Nice, nice, nice! ‐ Sandy doesn't make it to the Warped Wall but does get to the fifth obstacle, the best we've seen so far tonight. She's got a good chance of being among the top three women and moving on. ♪ ♪ ‐ Welcome back to St. Louis and the season premiere of "American Ninja Warrior." While we were away, a group from Alabama looked to roll tide through the course. First up was Rusty Rivera from Huntsville, the Rocket City, and he was ready for liftoff. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Nice Moses beard going on. ‐ But at 210 pounds, the Rocket City Ninja splashed down on just the second obstacle. [groaning] That beard got wet. ‐ I will be back, I promise. ‐ Up next was another Huntsville resident, 37‐year‐old hockey coach Nichelle Simon. ‐ She's ready to represent for the hockey players. ‐ She skated through the Shrinking Steps, but just like her Alabama buddy, Simon was iced by Weight For It. No! ‐ No! ‐ A tough one, but that was fun. ‐ Then it was their mentor, the original 'Bama Ninja, Casey Suchocki. ‐ Crush it, Casey. ‐ With his wife Ashley and grandpa Emmit watching from back home in Alabama, the six‐time Ninja veteran raced through the first four obstacles. ‐ Whoo, somebody call Nick Saban! ‐ Whoo! ‐ But after making it all the way to stage three in Vegas last year, Suchocki was bounced by Slingshot tonight. Oh, no! ‐ Ooh! I blinked and he was down. ‐ Well, bounding up to the start line now is a ball of energy who calls himself the Gnarly Ninja. He's a 20‐year‐old rookie out of Boulder, Colorado. ‐ Let's go! ‐ This is Nate Hansen. He's one of two young super fans invited by the original Ninja Dream Chaser, Tyler Gillett. Nate Hansen is only 5'2", and he's used to being an underdog. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Nate Hansen is a superstar athlete. He might be small in stature, but, man, his power and speed, it's gonna blow some people's minds. ♪ ♪ ‐ At the age of 12 years old, I was diagnosed with growth hormone deficiency, which caused my growth to just stunt. Medical professionals told me there was a chance I would not grow anymore. After a couple years of taking shots every day, I only ended up being 5'2". Growing up in middle school and all throughout high school, I was bullied and always called names, and it was really difficult going through that because people were always underestimating me. When I started ninja, I realized you just have to put in the work no matter your shape or size. ‐ Yeah! Nice job! ‐ Everyone looks at me, and they're like, "Yeah, he's a little scrawny. He's only 5'2". This guy doesn't have a chance." ‐ ♪ Nothing can break me down ♪ ‐ And that's kinda what built up the Gnarly Ninja Nate personality. I don't care what obstacle's on that course. I don't care how tall that wall is. We're getting to that buzzer, and we're gonna hit it. [cheering] ‐ Yeah! Let's go, baby! ‐ Love his attitude, Akbar. [cheering] He's got his parents and brothers cheering him on. ‐ Whoo! [countdown clock beeping] ‐ You can't help but to root for this guy. He has an infectious energy. ‐ Finally living out his dream of being on "Ninja Warrior." You can see that 12 on his back‐‐ 12 years old when he stopped growing, when they diagnosed him with that growth hormone deficiency. ‐ But it's never stopped Nate Hansen. ‐ Real aggressive approach, Akbar. I like it. He's confident. ‐ You're not gonna stop him. He's 20 years old. He's young, and he's ready to get his ninja on as a rookie. ‐ Gnarly Ninja Nate truly chasing dreams. ‐ Yeah! Yeah! ‐ Grew up watching the show with his brothers. Now here he is under the bright lights. ‐ Come on, come on. Got it. ‐ And he's through. [cheering] Now the new obstacle, Ring Chaser. Gotta catch that ring. Oh, my! ‐ Nice! ‐ Going sideways there, Akbar. ‐ Yeah, he skipped every other bar! ‐ Gnarly Ninja Nate, this guy's a rookie, and he is performing like a veteran. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Yeah! ‐ Matt, I love his story, because this tells me and tells the world you never judge a man by his size. ‐ Just 5'2", can he handle Rib Run? ‐ Look at that! Look at that! ‐ Great footwork. ‐ Look at that! That's what I'm talking about! ‐ Now‐‐and no hesitation, right into Slingshot. No one's gotten through this tonight. ‐ Yeah, I see you. ‐ This has been the most confident run we've seen tonight, out of this 20‐year‐old rookie. Tyler Gillett gotta be proud of the people he chose. Long drop. ‐ Come on. ‐ Great bar placement, great control. ‐ Matt, he is living up to his nickname. ‐ My goodness. ‐ He is gnarly, and I don't say that a lot. I'm gonna add it to my vocabulary. ‐ This has been an insane pace. ‐ What? ‐ No hesitation. ‐ Okay, Gnarly! ‐ Only 5'2", can he make it up the 14 1/2‐foot wall? And he's got it, a perfect run! ‐ Let's go! ‐ Yeah! Whoo! ♪ ♪ ‐ ♪ Nothing can break me down ♪ ‐ Gnarly Nate Hansen, the first to hit the buzzer in this loaded field! [all cheering] ‐ Let's go, baby! Whoo! ‐ What? ‐ That gnarly enough for you, Akbar? ‐ I'm speechless! ‐ Growing up, people told me I couldn't do it my whole life, so I made it happen. ‐ They're not telling you tonight! They're not telling you tonight! ‐ Whoo! ‐ I love the confidence out of Gnarly Nate. ‐ ♪ Nothing can break me down ♪ ‐ This kid came in with a plan. He went sideways on Ring Chaser and was the first to conquer Slingshot, and at only 5'2", he made it up the Warped Wall with ease, the first to hit the buzzer tonight. ‐ Coming up, a man who's hit a number of buzzers in his ten‐year ninja career. One of our best, Flip Rodriguez, plotting out his attack, and we'll see his run when we come back on "American Ninja Warrior." ‐ Welcome back to St. Louis and our season premiere. Walk‐ons have had a long history on "American Ninja Warrior." These ninjas travel to host cities and sometimes wait days or weeks for just a chance to run the course, so this season Dave Cavanagh, the King of the Walk‐ons, rewarded two other walk‐ons who've shown true dedication, and they hit the course while we were away. Kenneth Edwards flew from New Jersey to the walk‐on line in Tacoma last year and got his shot. ‐ Kenneth Edwards! [cheering] ‐ This is important; let's see how much work he's put in. ‐ The 39‐year‐old ironworker works on skyscrapers in Manhattan, but he couldn't reach the heights needed for the second obstacle. ‐ Oh, he missed it! [horn blares] ‐ Sloane Cameron flew cross‐country from her home in Eugene, Oregon, to be a walk‐on in Baltimore last year. Tonight, the world champion taekwondo power breaker came out ready to kick butt. ‐ Whoo! Let's go! ‐ And the 33‐year‐old gym owner looked strong early... ‐ Nice! ‐ But couldn't catch a break on Rib Run. No! ‐ No! ‐ Then it was their mentor, Dave Cavanagh, who spent 77 days in walk‐on lines over the years. Cavanagh made it to stage two in Vegas last year and was expecting another strong season. ‐ He knows what's up. ‐ But the former walk‐on walked off Rib Run. Oh, no! ‐ Oh! Oh, my goodness! ‐ Aww! ‐ Are you kidding me? ‐ This course is tripping up some of our best, and here comes another. Zuri, take it away. ‐ Next up is a ninja legend. Flip Rodriguez has competed for ten seasons on the course. He's got a ton of fans out there, but one of his biggest supporters won't be with him this season. ‐ Down. [snaps] Stay. [dog barking] When I moved to L. A., I had no family, and when I got Maui, he became my family. You wanna go? [Maui whines] Come on! [howling] He's been with me through everything. ♪ ♪ Maui was only five when he passed. Autoimmune disease took him in‐‐ in what seemed like a flash, and I just don't have my best friend anymore. ♪ ♪ I have this charm made, custom‐made. It's a watch with the date and the time of his last breath, and his ashes are inside of it. At least I know he's‐‐he's close to my heart. He fought so hard, and he's so much like me. And tonight I'm coming for that buzzer. ‐ Pete! ‐ Boy, anybody who's ever lost a pet knows how tough it can be. ‐ And he's gonna hand off that pendant with Maui's ashes to one of his SoCal training partners, Peter Liston. We'll see him run in just a bit. Now, you may notice Flip's wearing the yellow Ninjas for Black Lives shirt. You'll see so many athletes this season with the shirts or a patch just to show their support for a great cause. Also showing their support for Flip are some of his friends and a few of the students he's coached over the years. [countdown clock beeping] And here we go, Flip Rodriguez. ‐ Well, he can go, Matt. We know that. We've seen it over the years. As a ten‐year veteran, though, definitely knows when to turn it on and when to be careful. ‐ Well, when Flip exploded onto the scene, he seemed to be reckless. Now he runs fast but looks completely in control. ‐ Nice! Let's go! ‐ Remember, only the top 12 will move on to the semifinals. Speed will be important in this loaded field. Only one finisher so far tonight. ‐ I think you're gonna need to finish or get to that fifth obstacle quickly to move on. ‐ Nice! ‐ And he's through Weight For It. ‐ Nice, effortless. Let's go. ‐ There are the two guys Flip brought with him. He trains with them in Southern California. David Alvarez, Peter Liston cheering on the sidelines. ‐ Nice! Now, easy. ‐ Flip takes off like a rocket. ‐ Excellent, let's go. ‐ He was waiting for that ring. ‐ And just looking so calm out there while still flying. ‐ He's doing it for Maui, wants a good run here. ‐ Nice. ‐ And no problem. ‐ Right here. ‐ That's it. That's it, come on. ‐ Money. ‐ Nice. ‐ Let's go. ‐ But now Rib Run, just knocked out Dave Cavanagh minutes ago. ‐ All right, keep your feet hot, keep your feet hot. Keep your feet hot. Nice, look at that. ‐ Right through it, great footwork. ‐ Sounds like fireworks going off. ‐ Well, he's got a fast time to this point, but Gnarly Nate Hansen's the only one to conquer Slingshot thus far. ‐ You know Flip wants a buzzer for Maui. ‐ Absolutely‐‐Flip got a win on the Power Tower and made it all the way to stage two in Vegas last year. Ooh, ooh, ooh! ‐ Oh, oh, correct that. ‐ Oh, good correction. ‐ You gotta correct that. ‐ Overshot it with the left side. ‐ Matt, at this point, too, you can't‐‐ you just gotta throw speed out. Throw speed out and get that buzzer. ‐ Even a veteran like him, that can get your heart racing. ‐ No! [horn blares] ‐ Oh, my word! ‐ Flip Rodriguez, out on Slingshot. What a reminder any obstacle can take out any ninja. Flip Rodriguez out here. We're gonna have to see if he got far enough fast enough. ‐ That's super unfortunate. ‐ Flip was struggling to keep the bar centered. Look, he's barely hanging on to the bungees over here, but he had plenty of room on the other side, and when he hit, the impact pulled his fingers right off. ‐ So now Flip will have to wait to see if he can stay in the top 12 and move on. ‐ Damn. Damn. ‐ Coming up, America's toughest teacher, Allyssa Beird, is headed to the start line. We'll see her when we come back. And just ahead, it's double trouble, as the Flying Freckles glide into their first ninja competition when "American Ninja Warrior" returns. ♪ ♪ ‐ Welcome back to St. Louis, where we're at the Dome in America's Center, kicking off another season of "American Ninja Warrior," and, Akbar, what a start it's been. ‐ Yeah, it's been very unpredictable. Our only finisher is an unknown 5'2" rookie. ‐ Let's go! [horn blaring] ‐ While top ninja veterans Casey Suchocki... ‐ Oh, no! ‐ No! Dave Cavanagh... ‐ Oh, no! ‐ Ooh, oh, my goodness! And Flip Rodriguez came up short. Oh, my word! And minutes ago, the two ninjas Flip invited got to hit the course. First, it was Peter Liston, a zipline tour guide from Corona, California, and he flew through the first two obstacles. ‐ That a boy. Way to go, bro. ‐ But he couldn't put a ring on it when he reached the third. ‐ Oh! ‐ Oh. ‐ Then it was David Alvarez. ‐ No matter what happens, just never give up. Keep going. ‐ Unlike Peter Liston, he powered across Ring Chaser. ‐ What a grab! ‐ Yes! Good catch. ‐ But just like Flip, his night also ended at the fifth obstacle. ‐ No! ‐ Up next, one of the coolest teachers in the country. ‐ All right, fifth time stepping up for qualifying course. Ready for that fourth buzzer. Can't wait. I'm so ready. ‐ Well, Akbar, we have come to expect big things from Allyssa Beird. Can she come up big again tonight? She's got her mom and her sisters sporting the Got Beird shirts, and, of course, her boyfriend, James "The Beast" McGrath. ‐ Where's his Got Beird shirt? ‐ [laughs] ‐ Well, he's got a beard on his face. ‐ You've got this! Teacher strong! ‐ Yeah! ‐ Allyssa and her fellow teachers have been cooped up at home teaching remotely. It's gotta feel good to be out on the course. [countdown clock beeping] Okay, here we go. She was a little careful there on the Shrinking Steps, but she's through. ‐ Nice, nice. ‐ All right, good try, good job. ‐ No doubt she's seen the big names fall early tonight. Can't take any obstacle for granted, including this one, Weight For It. Can Ms. Beird solve it? ‐ Well, before she was a teacher, Allyssa did gymnastics for 12 years, and she was a state champion on the uneven bars. She should be comfortable here. ‐ Good transition there. ‐ Nice. ‐ Good job, Lys, whoo! ‐ Such a challenge catching that bar midair as it's moving. ‐ Only the second woman in "Ninja Warrior" history to complete stage one in the national finals, Matt. ‐ But she didn't hit a buzzer last season. Looking for a big comeback this year. And reaches the final bar. Now just needs the dismount. ‐ And, Matt, when she's flying through the air like that with those laches, she's so just fluid, so easy with it. ‐ Yeah! There you go! Good job, whoo! ‐ Well, Matt, it's been the thing with "American Ninja Warrior." Every single year it gets harder. Look at her race through Ring Chaser. ‐ Good pace. ‐ Get it! Oh! ‐ Oh! ‐ Just missed it. ‐ That's all right, though, can go for that smaller ring there. ‐ Whew! ‐ Well, we talked about it. You have to be so much more precise on this lache, this transition. ‐ Come on, Allyssa! ‐ All right, she's gotta see it. You see her looking up at it? Now she's gotta aim it. ‐ And you could see‐‐ ‐ Get the target. ‐ You could see how that ring shifts. ‐ Bull's‐eye! ‐ But got it. Perfect. ‐ Yeah! Yeah! ‐ And Ms. Beird continuing this A‐plus performance. ‐ Let's go! ‐ Good job. ‐ But now facing the obstacle that took out both her teammates, Rib Run. Can Ms. Beird teach this obstacle a lesson? ‐ Okay, fast feet on this one. Just go, go, go, go, go. ‐ Build up that momentum. Quick feet. ‐ Come on, you got this. ‐ Nice, nice, nice, oh! ‐ And she's done it! ‐ Oh, she done did it! She done did it! ‐ Ms. Beird aces the test on Rib Run. ‐ Yes! Whoo! Yes! ‐ Let's go! Awesome! ‐ That was big time. Yeah, you can tell she's gotta catch her breath. Catch your breath, girl. Catch your breath. ‐ You got one more and then the wall. You can do this. ‐ But now facing the Slingshot, already ended the night of some top ninjas. ‐ It's the bungee that makes it so tricky, but you see she's going to‐‐with that switch grip. She's gotta be able to land it softly. This first one she's gotta go up. ‐ Use that balance. ‐ Nice. ‐ And you can see about an 8‐inch flex on these smaller cradles here. ‐ Now, coming down is the hard part. Look. Okay. ‐ And you mentioned that switch grip. This bar will roll, and a long drop now. ‐ Oh, jo‐‐ooh! ‐ Oh. ‐ And it got hung up, but she fixed it! ‐ Look at the‐‐look at the right side of the bar, uneven, and she's correcting it. ‐ Come on, come on. ‐ Great awareness out of Allyssa Beird. ‐ She ain't playing around. ‐ And those arms getting extended, Akbar. I'm concerned about the grip. ‐ That's all right, Matt. She's got it. I think she's got it. Come on. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Great movement. You could see the power from the hips, allowing those laches. Another long drop. ‐ Now‐‐oh, there it is. ‐ Got it! ‐ There it is, Matt. ‐ Just the dismount. ‐ You got it; you got this. Yeah! ‐ Allyssa Beird, only the second to survive Slingshot tonight! ‐ How about that? Now she's staring at the Warped Wall again. ‐ And a big smile, and you can see Mr. Robert and Funky Mr. Huie are also so excited. Trying to become just the second finisher tonight. ‐ Okay, Lys. ‐ It would almost guarantee herself a spot in the semifinals. The top three women will move on. ‐ Let's go! Get up that wall! Both: Beat that wall! Beat that wall! ‐ Allyssa Beird in phenomenal shape. Look at her ready to hit that wall. ‐ 14‐‐14 1/2 feet! ‐ Go get it! Both: Beat that wall! ‐ Yes! ‐ Nice! Nice! ♪ ♪ ‐ Yeah! ‐ And Allyssa Beird passes the test. ‐ Nice! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Way to go, Alyssa. So proud of you! ‐ And she's done it. She's dancing. ‐ Allyssa, how does that feel? ‐ Oh, so good. I've been waiting all last season‐‐none. ‐ None, no buzzers last season, but you've got it here. ‐ I'm back. ‐ Allyssa Beird, you are back. ‐ ♪ Today is my day ♪ ‐ Some big names have splashed down on Rib Run, but not Ms. Beird, and Slingshot has taken out some ninja veterans, but, again, not Ms. Beird, and she's the first woman to hit a buzzer this season. ‐ Let's go down to Zuri. ‐ Girl, how are you feeling after that epic performance? ‐ So amazing. I have been waiting for another buzzer for a whole season. ‐ Yeah. ‐ So I was feeling it, and it's just‐‐ it's a little surreal still, but I'm feeling back. ‐ Great job tonight. I love it. Guys, back to you. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Oh, hearts, hearts, hearts. ‐ So Allyssa Beird, one of just two finishers so far. Remember, only those in tonight's top 12 overall or the top three women will move on to the semifinals. Lots of your favorites still to come... ♪ ♪ Including the Big Dog, Jody Avila... ‐ Look at the big fella go! ‐ And the Island Ninja, Grant McCartney. ‐ He's back bigger and stronger. ‐ Plus is anyone gonna take down the 18‐foot Mega Wall? Come on, you know somebody wants 10,000 bucks. When "American Ninja Warrior" returns. ‐ Hey, "Ninja" fans, you can now watch past seasons of "American Ninja Warrior" on the new NBC Universal streaming service Peacock. ‐ It's got your favorite TV shows, classic movies, and "American Ninja Warrior," all for free. While we were away, four‐time ninja veteran and the world's most muscular electronics salesman, Michael Johnson, kicked things off for a trio of New Yorkers. ‐ Come on, baby! New York's on your back right now! ‐ I live in Atlanta, but I was born and raised in Brooklyn, and I can't tell you how proud I am to have fellow New Yorkers with me... ‐ Let's go! ‐ Yes! ‐ On the sides, just yelling, "Yeah!" ‐ The four‐time ninja veteran looked strong, as always. ‐ Yes! ‐ Let's go! ‐ Okay! ‐ Yeah! ‐ But at 215 pounds, he couldn't muscle his way through Slingshot. ‐ Oh! ‐ [shouting] ‐ Sha‐na‐na! ‐ Then Johnson's teammate Dilan Gomih stepped up to represent the Empire State. Look at this energy, Akbar. ‐ Yeah, she is pumped, Matt. ‐ Team New York, we're gonna crush it. Let's go, team. Come on! ‐ Gomih's a former cheerleader at Yale and has an MBA from Harvard. ‐ Good work! ‐ Whoo! ‐ But her education and enthusiasm couldn't get her past the second obstacle. ‐ Oh, it's all right! ‐ Holy crap, that was awesome! Whoo! ‐ So now it's time for the last of our New Yorkers, 29‐year‐old welder Anthony Eardley. ‐ The whole world is going through a lot, but the only way we move forward is together. Obstacles get overcome in unity, and I'm here to bring that. ‐ Some heartfelt words from the welder Anthony Eardley, and, Akbar, this guy is so impressive, a genuine good guy, and a great athlete too. ‐ And he's got a lot of energy. ‐ Come on, Anthony! ‐ Oh! ‐ And the mask just came off. ‐ The mask comes off. ‐ Nice. Look at that. Okay, Eardley. ‐ And bows to his family, so important to him. ♪ ♪ Anthony's been a welder for 14 years, and he's used those skills to weld obstacles in his parents' back yard. [uplifting music] ‐ And now from here you go up? ‐ Yeah. ‐ That's awesome. I love it. ‐ At two days old, he was adopted into a large family in Oneonta, New York. He dedicates all of his runs to them. ‐ I hit this buzzer tonight, everybody in Upstate New York's gonna hear that little, tiny town of Oneonta screaming. [cheering] ‐ There they are, his parents in Oneonta, New York, and his sister's family in Connecticut. Oh, look at this. He is overcome by emotion at this. ‐ Let's go! ‐ Come on, bring them sparks. Let's see that spark, baby! ‐ Whoo! ‐ So passionate. You can see why Michael Johnson wanted to be with Anthony Eardley. ‐ Ah! Yeah! ‐ Eye on the prize, baby. [countdown clock beeping] ‐ All right, come on, settle in. ‐ Eardley a high school track star. Real good start there. ‐ There it is. There it is. ‐ Amazing. ‐ But now Weight For It. This is where fellow New Yorker Dilan Gomih went out moments ago. Gotta focus on these transitions. Oh, absorb that drop. ‐ Nice. ‐ Great shot by Eardley. ‐ Come on, build it again. Build it again. ‐ And I gotta say that enthusiasm, that passion, seems to have it under control here on the course now, Akbar. ‐ Yeah, you wanna get there just right in front of the obstacle, right before it drops down. ‐ Yes, sir. Yes, sir, build it, build it, build it. ‐ So for Eardley, early's on time; on time is late. Nice. ‐ Real quick. And I gotta say, he's doing a great job building up momentum... And he's through, and look at him. ‐ He's a showman. ‐ Remember, fast hands. ‐ Now has to show what he can do on Ring Chaser. ‐ Fast hands. Don't stop moving. ‐ Now go, go, go. Speed, speed, speed. He‐‐oh, he tried to kick it. This ain't soccer! ‐ He's‐‐he's okay. Not fazed. Goes for that smaller handle. Now watch. You want to build up momentum before you go; make it in one move. Otherwise that ring can fall off the hook. ‐ Come on, baby, you got this. ‐ Oh, no! ‐ Ooh. ‐ No, you're kidding me! ‐ Oh, no. ‐ The welder mishandled the metal ring. Still an energetic run out of Anthony Eardley. ‐ This New Yorker always brings energy and heart, but Ring Chaser requires real precision. He hit the ring above the hook, and his night was over. ‐ Up next, the final member of Sandy Zimmerman's trio of tough mothers. This is Tegan Roobol. She's a mom of two from Howell, Michigan, got into ninja a couple years ago and loved it so much, she started a ninja program for special needs kids. ‐ They have so many obstacles thrown in their everyday life. Good job. It's been amazing to see them grow and gain confidence. Jump up and down. So everybody can be a ninja. Whatever it means to you, you can be a ninja warrior. [cheers and applause] Let's go! ‐ And look at her flexing. ‐ Come on, Tegan. ‐ And there are her two sons along with her husband. Also watching from back in Michigan, her mom and dad. On the sidelines, fellow moms Sheila Williams and Sandy Zimmerman. Sandy reached the fifth obstacle. Right now she's in our women's top three. Tegan hoping to join her. Well, Sandy inspired both Tegan and Sheila to compete, and now here are all three. ‐ Tegan is a beast, Matt. ‐ Tegan on the course. Ooh. ‐ Ooh. ‐ Good recovery there. That balance seemed to waver at the end, but survives. ‐ Nice, nice work. Nice work. ‐ 5'2", 110, you can see a lot of strength. She started rock climbing back in high school, confident with grip strength. That was a‐‐an abrupt fall though. Didn't absorb it too well, Akbar. ‐ Well, Matt, she's been training ninja for, like, two years, and she's been doing very well in regional ninja competitions. ‐ But I like the laches, building up good momentum with those hips. Only 5'2", can she reach out, go arm over arm to get that third bar? Yes, she can. ‐ Nice. Yeah, during the offseason, Matt, she's had a lot of success, and now being here as a rookie on "American Ninja Warrior," let's see if all that success from the offseason can translate. ‐ And makes it to the final bar. If she wants to potentially join Sandy Zimmerman in the top three, gonna need to at least get through Rib Run. And makes the dismount. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Nice. Two down. ‐ But this third obstacle, Ring Chaser, has been a tough one tonight. Much easier if you can catch that big ring as it rolls down. ‐ Here she goes. Come on, you got this. ‐ Oh, that ring goes. That's okay. ‐ Yeah, it's a pacing thing, but she can still do it. We've seen others do it with this smaller ring with the handle. ‐ Only 8 inches in diameter versus 14 on that big ring; gotta be more precise here on the transfer. ‐ Oh, no! ‐ Oh! ‐ Too much weight on the upswing. ‐ Slid right off. ‐ Whoo! ‐ An unfortunate end for Tegan Roobol, still representing so well for all the super moms tonight. ‐ Welcome back to the season premiere of "American Ninja Warrior." No Olympics this summer, but we had an Olympic moment while we were away. First, Chellsie Memmel, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Games, made her ninja debut. Now a mom of two, Memmel had her family and Olympic teammate Nastia Liukin cheering her on. ‐ Doing this for all the moms out there and to show my kids that they can do anything. ‐ Memmel stuck the dismount on the Shrinking Steps. ‐ Nice. ‐ Whoo! ‐ But the former world champion on the uneven bars couldn't handle the bars on Weight For It. ‐ Ooh, oh! No! ‐ Oh! ‐ Then Jonathan Horton, another silver‐medal‐winning gymnast from the 2008 Games, got his shot. ‐ Let's see Horton! ‐ Got it! The 5'1" Horton survived Rib Run. ‐ Ooh! ‐ Yeah! ‐ But he was finally bounced out on Slingshot. ‐ Oh! That Slingshot is tough. ‐ Whoo! ‐ Then it was Tyler Gillett's other dream‐chasing rookie, Ryan Lashoff, who calls himself the Hockey Ninja. ‐ Hey, watch out for the high stick. ‐ The college student trains on obstacles while wearing 25 pounds of gear, and though he skated through four obstacles... [cheering] Slingshot sent him to the penalty box. ‐ Ooh, oh! No! ‐ Then the original Dream Chaser, Tyler Gillett, took his shot. ‐ Nice. ‐ Got it! Gillett's running this year for his cousin Bill, who's battling pancreatic cancer. ‐ I love the message. I love the support. ‐ And the four‐time ninja veteran delivered. ‐ He might beat Nate's time! ‐ He edged out his buddy Nate Hansen for the fastest time of the night. ‐ Great job, man! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Lots of spirited athletes here tonight, and up next, another high‐energy group. Leading it off for them, San Diego's Hunter Hollingshead. ‐ Whoo! ‐ The Giant, Jon Alexis Jr, chose this guy. Alexis is a skydiver, and he wanted some thrill‐seeking ninjas on his squad. Wait a second. ‐ Hold on, hold on. ‐ No, no, no‐‐oh. ‐ Is that who‐‐ ‐ No, no, no, that was his twin brother, Nolan. ‐ I thought I was seeing double. Look at this. ‐ I love it. ‐ Let's go, baby! Whoo! For the Flying Freckles! ‐ Well, these rookies have been dreaming of this moment, and they are fearless. ‐ Fly, fly, fly, baby. [laughter] I'm Hunter. ‐ And I'm Nolan. Both: And we're the Flying Freckles. ♪ ♪ ‐ Whoo! ‐ We both love hang gliding. ‐ 'Cause it's just so cool. There's no other way to describe it. Like, everyone should try it. ♪ ♪ The coolest thing about hang gliding in my opinion is that it's quiet. ‐ Looking off into empty space, and there's nothing below you, feels like you're on top of the world. I think our whole life has been training for "Ninja Warrior." ‐ We're constantly looking for the most adrenaline we can get, and maximum‐level adrenaline is hitting that buzzer on top of the wall. The other competitors better watch out, 'cause tonight... ‐ The Flying Freckles, we're gonna take it all. ‐ Matt, I keep my feet on the ground. ‐ Well, keeping the Flying Freckles grounded are their family and hang gliding friends cheering them on. [countdown clock beeping] Just graduated with a master's degree in engineering from Virginia Tech, and he's already flown through the Shrinking Steps. ‐ Here we go, Hunter! Yeah, baby! ‐ As hang gliders, used to having a bar in their hands. ‐ Well, between the hang gliding and the aerospace engineering degree, he should be able to figure out this one. ‐ Hang gliders can fly 10,000 feet in the air and be up there for hours, so you know he's fearless. Good transition there. ‐ Come on! ‐ But you can see, a little challenge finding that rhythm. You have to drive with your hips, not your upper body. ‐ Come on, come on. Come on, come on. ‐ Really use the pendulum, long reach. There he is, got that third bar. But watch, try to get that bar up high so as you come down, you can absorb it. ‐ Dialed, yeah. Yes, Hunter! Come on, baby! You got this! ‐ Well, he's a rookie, first time on the big course, and he's eating up a lot of time here. ‐ There you go. ‐ Let's go! Come on, baby! ‐ His mom and brother getting a kick out of this too. ‐ That's amazing. ‐ Now gonna try to make this grab on Ring Chaser. Yeah! ‐ Oh, nice! ‐ Whoo! ‐ A real good approach out of this rookie Hunter. He's looking real confident. Ooh! ‐ Ooh! One hand almost slipped off! ‐ Oh! That's what I'm talking about! ‐ The left hand came off. ‐ That's a great save. Well, Matt, you know that those hang gliders, they know all about that safety hold. ‐ Your very best, Hunter! Come on! ‐ And somehow he survives. ‐ Yes! ‐ That was sick. Let's go, baby. ‐ But now Rib Run. This has been a challenge. ‐ Side to side, stay on top. Nice! ‐ Got it! Stays up. ‐ Oh, yeah! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Yes, Hunter! ‐ Come on, get some! Whoo! ‐ Don't quit till you hit that buzzer! ‐ The rookie now staring down Slingshot. ‐ Matt, this hasn't been the fastest run, but he's definitely having fun out here. Can you imagine what he'll do if he gets to the buzzer? ‐ And he went to the switch grip, trying to keep that bar from rolling in his hands. This obstacle has taken down some good ninjas tonight. Can this high‐flying rookie figure it out? It's such a challenge, long drop here. ‐ So you gotta come in compact, come in com‐‐nice! ‐ Got it. ‐ Oh, he felt that one. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Yes! ‐ Only got one more big drop. ‐ Dig deep, baby, dig deep! ‐ Keep it in. ‐ Yeah, he is running out of gas, Matt. I don't like it. ‐ Oh, no! ‐ Ooh! ‐ Dude, that was awesome! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Crashes on Slingshot, doesn't make it to the buzzer, but no one had more fun out here tonight than Hunter Hollingshead. ‐ Whoo! ‐ I love this rookie's enthusiasm on the course. His energy was infectious, and even after he fell, he still had a smile on his face. ‐ Coming up, he always knows how to make an entrance. ‐ Whoo! Okay! ‐ The Speedo Ninja's ready to dive into the competition when "American Ninja Warrior" returns. ♪ ♪ ‐ Welcome back to St. Louis. Tonight is just the start of this jam‐packed season. Over the next few weeks, you're gonna see all your ninja favorites. ‐ Come on, country boy! Yes! ‐ Including stuntwoman Jessie Graff... ‐ Her‐story, her‐story right there! ‐ The first woman ever! The Weatherman, Joe Moravsky... ‐ My goodness, look at him! ‐ Chicago's Jesse "Flex" Labreck... ‐ She's a straight‐up superstar. ‐ And the Philly Phoenix, Najee Richardson. ‐ Oh! ‐ Yeah! ‐ And that's just for starters. All of these ninja superstars will be fighting to make it to the finals and be crowned this year's "American Ninja Warrior" champion. While we were away, Nolan Hollingshead, the other hang gliding twin brother, got his chance to fly through the course. ‐ Nice. ‐ Good job‐‐oh, he is pumped. ‐ Yeah, Nolan! ‐ His brother Hunter made it to the fifth obstacle, but Nolan, despite being a mechanical engineer, couldn't solve Ring Chaser. ‐ Ooh! ‐ Aww. ‐ Well, his brother beat him in this. ‐ Well, up next is another of Grant McCartney's big‐body ninjas. This is Mike Wright. ‐ [barking] Let's go, Mike! ‐ He's a diving coach at the University of Tennessee who calls himself the Speedo Ninja, but back in Knoxville he's better known as Dad. ‐ Jump, jump, jump, jump. ‐ Since the last season, we've got an addition to our family. Baby Cam. Got a son, actually, Camden Wright. ‐ [babbling] ‐ He's almost one years old now. He's almost walking, but he's hanging on to everything and kinda shuffling around. Hey, what you doing up there? What you doing up there? Camden's brought a whole new level of joy to the family. Hello, buddy. [laughs] We got, like, a little swim Speedo for him that he rocks in the pool too, so we're‐‐we're both hanging onto the Speedo. [cheers and applause] I've been on this show for four seasons now, and I've yet to hit a buzzer. ‐ No! ‐ Oh, oh! ‐ Oh! ‐ But that's all gonna change tonight. ♪ ♪ This one's for baby Cam, so the Speedo's getting up that wall. ‐ Good luck for your daddy. ‐ And there's Camden cheering with Mike's wife and his daughter. Mike's parents and sisters also watching. ‐ Well, this time around, Matt, he's not wearing the Speedo. ‐ Mike Wr‐‐oh, wait. Uh‐oh. ‐ Oh, hold on, what's this? ‐ Uh‐oh, whoa. ‐ What's this? What‐‐ ‐ Come on‐‐Akbar. Oh, there we go. Does not disappoint, and G‐Mac in a Speedo. ‐ Let's go! ‐ Hold on, what about Kam? ‐ Kam Wimbley saying, "Team‐‐team only goes so far, guys." Mike Wright, the smallest of our big‐body ninjas at 6'2", 200 pounds, and quickly through the Shrinking Steps. ‐ Okay, he's gotta be careful here on Weight For It. This is where we saw Kam Wimbley struggle, Matt. ‐ A real challenge here. Great kip work, kipping out, Mike Wright. ‐ I think the bigger you are, Matt, the faster you've gotta get through Weight For It. ‐ Absolutely, Akbar. ‐ It's a lot of weight. ‐ Try to preserve that grip strength. Got to absorb it, absorb this bar in on the drop. ‐ Nice. ‐ Perfect! ‐ Matt, he's in rhythm. He's in rhythm; I can see it. ‐ Well, the diving coach trying to stay out of the water... And he's through. ‐ There you go, good job. Good job. ‐ Mike Wright now on Ring Chaser, and again, you really want that big ring. ‐ Being a big guy, you don't want to settle for the smaller ring. This obstacle is tough enough. ‐ And you've gotta figure out your hand work. ‐ Go, go, go, go, go. ‐ Go, reach, reach, reach! ‐ Go, go, go, go, go get it! ‐ Yeah, boy! ‐ Go get it, big dog! Yeah! ‐ Mike Wright, you can see, didn't even get to that last bar, just relied on his wingspan. ‐ I see you, big fella. ‐ And building up momentum, going right for the transition. Great approach! Mike Wright has been flawless in technique. ‐ Yes! ‐ Gotta get his big frame across Rib Run. ‐ All right, you can't spell Speedo without speed. Fast feet! Oh! ‐ Oh, my! ‐ Yay, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! ‐ Divers can run, too. ‐ The Speedo Ninja looking like a running back, long strides there, skipping ribs. ‐ He wants that buzzer. Matt, he wants that buzzer. ‐ He's one step closer but first has to survive Slingshot. ‐ Remember, not too close a grip. ‐ And this is an obstacle he has yet to conquer. He couldn't get past it last year in Cincinnati qualifying... ‐ Oh! ‐ Or in the city finals. No! ‐ Matt, this year is different. He's doing this for his son Camden. ‐ Go, Daddy, go. Go, Daddy, go. ‐ Can the third time be the charm for the Speedo Ninja? ‐ Good, yes, Plenty, yo, plenty. ‐ He's a diver. He's comfortable flying through the air. ‐ Good, good. ‐ Keep in mind, this is gonna be a long drop. ‐ You got it, bud. ‐ Got it! ‐ Man, he's in great shape, great technique. ‐ And so efficient, Akbar. ‐ Take your time. ‐ He is being efficient. That's preserving the grip strength. ‐ Yes, you're good. You're good. ‐ But that bar getting up. ‐ Come on. ‐ Improper bar placement can spell the end here on Slingshot. ‐ Come on. ‐ Nice, nice. ‐ He's never made it to the Warped Wall in qualifying. A couple of moves away. ‐ Oh, yes! ‐ Oh, he is fighting! ‐ And this obstacle took him out last year. ‐ Twice, but he gets his revenge! ‐ Get out of there! ‐ Mike Wright through Slingshot, and now he can feel it. His first buzzer's in sight. ‐ Yay! Way to go! ‐ You got it, bro. Catch your breath. Catch your breath. Hit a buzzer here. ‐ You got it, you got it. ‐ Get your eyes up. Get your eyes up, homey. ‐ Beat that wall! ‐ With his family watching, this is what every ninja dreams of. ‐ Oh, he's got this one. Up, up, up and away! [cheers and applause] ‐ And he's gonna do it! [buzzer blares] ‐ Yeah! ‐ Yeah, Daddy! ‐ Such a great run‐‐his first buzzer in competition. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Mike, you never touched that buzzer before. How do‐‐how does it feel? How does it feel? ‐ It's great. Oh, I've been waiting for this moment. ‐ Let's go, big boy! ‐ You got it. ‐ Oh, big ninjas do big things. ‐ Let's go! ♪ ♪ ‐ The Speedo Ninja always knows how to make an entrance. He got his revenge on Slingshot and, with his son Camden watching, he got his first buzzer ever. That grin says it all. Big things. That felt good. ‐ Coming up, he's danced his way into our hearts. ‐ And McCartney, he's the master of funky dance moves. ‐ The fun‐loving Island Ninja, Grant McCartney, is ready to crush the course, up next on "American Ninja Warrior." ‐ We're nearing the end of our first qualifying night on "American Ninja Warrior." While we were away, two more ninjas got their chance to shine. First up was Julius Ferguson, also known as rapper Black Jewels. ‐ Ninjas are back again. Even a pandemic couldn't stop it from happening. ‐ He can bust rhymes, and he busted through the course. ‐ Gotta hit it hard and fast. ‐ Taking Akbar's advice, Ferguson finished the course, his best run in three seasons. First buzzer ever. ‐ Why you play so hard to get, girl? ‐ Then it was our final female competitor of the night, Taylor Johnson. Though only 4'11" tall, "Teej," as she's known, rose to the occasion. ‐ Bound, bound, bound, bound! Yeah! ‐ Oh, my. ‐ Yeah! ‐ Let's go! ‐ Coming out big. The gymnastics coach from Foxborough, Massachusetts, finally fell on Slingshot, but she's in the top three among the women. She'll join Sandy Zimmerman and Allyssa Beird in the semifinals. ‐ Matt, I don't care. That was a hell of a run. ‐ Whoo! ‐ And now is the final member of that big boy ninja group, dancing his way to the start line. You already know it's Grant McCartney, and the Island Ninja is a six‐time veteran who makes it fun whenever he comes out to compete, but this year has a fresh new training method to help him crush the course. ‐ What? Oh, yeah, turn it up! Now for my greatest ninja feat ever. Ahh! [groaning] Ahh. Some people would say my training techniques are a little unique... ♪ ♪ But I like to produce results with produce. The old apple trick. I ripped apart apples... There you go. ‐ Dang! ‐ [laughs, grunts] ‐ Pineapples, coconuts... [grunting] watermelons. [laughter] [screams] Yeah! No fruit is safe in the produce aisle. ♪ ♪ It's actually good grip strength training, and when your hands get all juicy and you're still trying to rip it apart, it's the same thing as if my hands get sweaty when I'm on the ninja course and I'm holding on to something. ‐ Oh! ‐ Look, it's great training, and it's delicious. ♪ ♪ ‐ Matt, I bet you he makes a mean fruit salad. ‐ We miss you. ‐ And there's his sister Staley, along with his niece, Ivy May, and his nephew, Jack. ‐ Island Ninja, baby! ‐ Plus his dad, former NFL player Ron McCartney. ‐ Let's go, bruh! ‐ On the sidelines, the big bodies Grant invited for this season, Mike Wright, who just hit a buzzer, and former NFLer Kamerion Wimbley. [countdown clock beeping] Ever since he exploded onto the scene back in season seven, Grant McCartney has been a bringer of joy, looking to represent for the big boys. ‐ Well, this is where his teammate Kam Wimbley went out. ‐ First chance to see if that fruit crushing has improved his grip. Big drop, great technique there out of G‐Mac, and we know he's had his problems with the bar, really struggled on the Salmon Ladder in the past, but looking comfortable here on Weight For It. ‐ You got it! ‐ Buh‐‐ ‐ He's not showing any sense of urgency. Remember, only the top 12 move on, and with only a few more runners left, he may need to finish to guarantee a spot in the semifinals. ‐ Makes the dismount. ‐ Let's go, buddy! Let's go! ‐ Let's go, Grant! ‐ Only through two obstacles, can save some time if he makes the catch on Ring Chaser. ‐ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go! Get it, get it! Oh, he‐‐ ‐ Oh! ‐ Ooh, right on the tip of his finger! ‐ And now here's the challenge, much smaller diameter, only eight inches on this smaller handle. ‐ I don't like this for Grant McCartney. Remember, he's 205 pounds. ‐ Well, the challenge here, will he make it in one move? And these extra swings‐‐watch, this ring can slide off. G‐Mac‐‐ ‐ That's a lot of weight. ‐ Trouble to build up momentum. ‐ That's a lot of weight to hold... ‐ Here we go. ‐ And absorb on that ring! Oh, but he got it! ‐ Oh, my! That's confidence there, and you could see him. He knew you can't take extra swings, or that ring will slide off. ‐ I'm never doing that again. ‐ Yeah! There we go, buddy! ‐ You got it! ‐ Heck yeah! ‐ Look at this on Ring Chaser. He had it. He saw it, and oh! ‐ Fingertips. Watch his footwork here. G‐Mac likes to dance. Can he dance through Rib Run? ‐ Oh, he's got rhythm. I'm not worried about him. Rib Run is nothing. ‐ Staying to the right side. ‐ This is rip run for him, rip and run. ‐ Got it. ‐ Rip and run, baby. ‐ And that was smooth. ‐ I wanna know what kinda dance he's gonna do on the Warped Wall. You know he's got a new one. ‐ I like the confidence, Akbar, representing big boys, but not a fast time to this point, so he really needs to finish to guarantee a spot in the top 12, and we've seen it, be precise with this bar. ‐ Yeah, you seeing him looking left, right, left, right, making sure that it's even. ‐ And going a little wider with those hands, making him a better set‐‐ooh. ‐ Ooh. ‐ Overshot on the left side. ‐ Overshot, yup. Oh, and that Slingshot has got so much give to it. ‐ Especially as a bigger boy. ‐ Nice! ‐ Oh, the fruit training really paying off here on Slingshot. ‐ Yeah, he got through this twice last year in Cincinnati, so he's very familiar with this obstacle. ‐ And G‐Mac, you can see him, he's just focusing on the right side, trusting the left side will follow suit. ‐ Yeah, he better keep his eye on that left side. Ooh. ‐ Keeping the placement but doing a great job with spacing, keeping that bar centered. ‐ Come on, come on. ‐ Long drop! ‐ Come on, Grant. Come on, Grant. ‐ Got it! He'll be guaranteed a spot in the top 12 if he gets through this, and he's moving on! But will he do the Mega Wall? ‐ Do big ninjas do big things? ‐ Do big things! ‐ Big ninjas do big things, baby. ‐ Do big things! ‐ Let's go. ‐ He'll be the first to try the 18‐foot Mega Wall this season. ‐ He got it last year. He gonna get that money. ‐ Cleared for takeoff. ‐ Ooh. Both: Yeah! ‐ Oh! ‐ Yeah! Yeah! ‐ The Island Ninja pumped up! ‐ Make some money for a new car. ‐ Will he be the first to get the Mega Wall? $10,000 on the line. ‐ You got it, you got it, you got it, bro, you got it. ‐ The Island Ninja, 6'2", 205 pounds, and looking to get up 18 feet. ‐ Come on, baby. ‐ One shot. ‐ Come on! ‐ 10K! ‐ No crowd, no problem. He's got his teammates on the side cheering him on. ‐ Island Ninja! ‐ Come on, come on! ‐ Oh! ‐ Oh! ‐ You could see it just peeled out. Looked like he didn't have the traction. ‐ Finish it out, baby. Let's go. ‐ Yeah, you got this. Finish strong. ‐ Yeah, he needed a little bit more speed up that ramp. ‐ 14 1/2 feet. ‐ Nice. ‐ No problem. ‐ Hit it. ‐ There it is. He gets it. Another big boy gets a buzzer. ‐ Yeah, baby! ‐ The man! ‐ Yo, yo, yo! Where's my dance, homey? ‐ You know what? I'll bring one back. Yeah, but then I'll take it in, boy. ‐ Oh! ‐ And yeah, hey. ‐ Oh, okay. ‐ A shimmy. ‐ Let's go, baby! ‐ What's it feel like, in these conditions, getting here, getting to the top of the wall? ‐ I feel thankful that we're doing it, right? I'm just happy to see my friends, have another opportunity to do this. Always hitting a buzzer feels good, but honestly, it's just good to see everybody again. ‐ Hey, Grant, you've been pent up, and you let it all out tonight. ‐ Yeah! ‐ There it is! The Island Ninja! Moving on to the semifinals. ‐ See you, guys. ‐ Coming up. ‐ Let's go, babe! You got this! ‐ There you go. ‐ Earlier he watched his hero, his wife Pauline, fulfill her dream. ‐ Let's go! ‐ Whoo! ‐ Now it's his turn. Jody Avila takes the course when "American Ninja Warrior" returns. ‐ Welcome back to St. Louis and the conclusion of our season premiere of "American Ninja Warrior." While we were away, it was Roge't Maddox, the other Houston‐area ninja invited by Jody Avila. Maddox comes from a huge family. He's got 19 siblings. ‐ He's got a lot of support here. ‐ The videographer looked good at the start but lost his focus on the second obstacle. Oh, no! ‐ No! Too aggressive. ‐ Now here comes the leader of that group from Houston and our final runner of the night. It's the Big Dog, 6'6" heating and air conditioning technician, Jody Avila. Earlier we told you how Jody's wife, Pauline, has been on the frontlines of the COVID‐19 pandemic as an ICU nurse, and how she's had to self‐quarantine from her family. ‐ I've had to step up in helping out with homework and making dinner and cleaning the house. Trying to take care of the family, it's been hard, but with everyone in quarantine, me and Brandon have been crushing courses in the backyard. I plan on going further than ever before, and with the help of this guy, I'll be sure to do it. ‐ Not if you're gonna sit here talking all day. Let's get back to work! ‐ Not having Brandon on my sideline this year is really gonna affect me 'cause he's always coaching me through these obstacles, but his coaching has gotten me far enough where I can do this on my own. ‐ I think he's ready. ‐ After the last few months that we've been through, hitting a buzzer this year for my family, especially with my wife watching on the sideline, would be amazing. [cheers and applause] ‐ And there is Pauline. Such an emotional moment earlier tonight. Big group of family and friends watching back in Texas. ‐ Papi! ‐ Including their boys, Brandon and Christian. ‐ And according to Jody, Brandon's the best ninja in the house. He even calls him Coach. ‐ Well, Jody wants to be considered one of the elite. He finished his first city finals course last year, and tonight he's gunning for the fastest time. [countdown clock beeping] To do it, he'll need to top Tyler Gillett's 1:45. ‐ And he moves well for his size, but that's gonna be a tough time to beat. ‐ This is a challenging obstacle for the big boys. Gonna be some heavy drops here, but great hip power for these laches. ‐ Nice. Yeah, you see how he came up over the top of it? ‐ He caught that with his belly. ‐ Yeah, but that's it. You wanna shoot higher, so that way you have time to make that grab. ‐ Absolutely, and to absorb it. Use the back to take some of that shock coming down. He wrapped his arm around it! ‐ Matt, he is securing it. He did the Vince Carter on that one. He said, "Uh‐uh, I am not going out on this one." [cheering] ‐ Now Ring Chaser. Now, keep in mind, a long frame here, Akbar. Can he use that wingspan to get out there fast? Oh, skipping them. ‐ He was waiting for it. He went from Weight For It to waiting for that ring. ‐ And in one move, Jody Avila, a blistering pace for the Big Dog. ‐ Oh, he's trucking. Woof, woof! ‐ And if he gets through Rib Run, he'll be guaranteed a spot in the top 12. ‐ Stay on top. Stay on top. Stay on top. Oh, he good, he good. ‐ Let's go! Come on! ‐ And he's pumped. ‐ Yes! ‐ Let's go! ‐ That's my Dog right there. ‐ So he knows he's moving on. Now he can go for the fastest time. ‐ Come on, man! Let them dogs out! ‐ Says he's not gonna go for the Mega Wall, wants the top time, would love to get it for his wife, Pauline. ‐ Come on, babe! ‐ There you go. ‐ Watch the left side of that bar! Good correction. ‐ Boy. ‐ Yeah, bring it on! ‐ But he is running out of time, only about 15 seconds left. Can he do it? ‐ Come on, one more to go, Jody. That's my Dog. That's my Dog! ‐ Needs the dismount‐‐ only a few seconds left! He's got a chance for the fastest time. He's going for it! ‐ Oh, he's going for it! Go for it! Go for it! Go for it! ‐ Can he get to that buzzer? ‐ Go! Go! Go! Oh! ‐ We're gonna have to check the time! ‐ Oh! ‐ Let's go! ‐ Oh! Ohh! ‐ Let's go! ‐ Jody Avila, the fastest time of the night! ‐ That's what I'm talking about! ♪ ♪ ‐ Yes! Yes! Yes! ‐ Hey, who said big dogs can't run fast, huh? ‐ Let's go, baby! ‐ What do you think your coach is gonna say? What's Brandon gonna have to say? ‐ Man, I couldn't even look at him on the starting line, 'cause I knew I was gonna cry. ‐ Look, Brandon's right there. ‐ Brandon, what do you think, bud? ‐ I love you, Papi! ‐ I love you, bud. I love you, bud. ‐ Yes! Yes! Yes! ‐ Whoo. I'm tired. ‐ Well, no wonder he's tired. He used those long arms on Ring Chaser and those long legs on Rib Run, and he let out a big bark to celebrate. ‐ Well, here's a look at all the ninjas moving on from tonight. Behind Jody are Tyler Gillett and his buddy, Gnarly Ninja Nate Hansen. Others advancing include the Island Ninja, Grant McCartney, and teacher Allyssa Beird. Stuntman Flip Rodriguez will also join them in the semifinals, which start in just four weeks. Joining Allyssa Beird in the top three women are gymnastics coach Taylor Johnson and super mom Sandy Zimmerman. For Akbar Gbajabiamila and Zuri Hall, I'm Matt Iseman. We'll see you next week on "American Ninja Warrior." OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 