My Fair Wedding: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 My Fair Wedding 
 s3e5 - Diva Bride - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 My Fair Wedding (2008–…): Season 3, Episode 5 - Diva Bride - full transcript 
 What is David to do with a bride whose dream wedding theme is "swamp?" With only three weeks until the wedding, he's either going to sink or swim. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Cinders, you shall go to the ball. Princess day. I'm gonna cry. If I can't find the perfect dress, there just won't be a wedding. -Tutu skirt. -No, Verry. -It looks lovely. -I look like a £10 hooker. I don't actually know how much we've spent. You know when you feel like you're doing so much stuff and, like, trying to hold everything together? That bridesmaid is no longer coming to my wedding. Don't drink any more. Don't drink any more. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -I'm gonna be sick. -You have got my rings, haven't you? I want to kill her. If you look like that at the end of the aisle, I will not walk down it. That bitch needs to die. It's my hen do. What is it you actually want though, Verity? I don't know. I'm stood here in a wedding dress. I don't even know what you're talking about. What's wrong with it? You don't say no to Sophie. Binky, do you want to walk down the aisle? -[barks] -Yeah? The dog walking down the aisle isn't gonna happen. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He can marry his best man. I'm definitely a diva, but I don't see it as a negative. I think it's a great thing to be a diva. I love the Barbie look. As blonde as I can get. I just love it. [laughs] You alright, babe? It's not very clear. Oh, now it's better. [laughs] Eh, eh. It's going to be a novelty actually being able to say a sentence, like, to each other. Ended up on a pole, dancing in a nightclub, and Ash was the only lad that would get up on the pole with me. And I was like, "Oh, OK. That lad's nice, like, he's actually got some balls." Oh, thank you. I just can't believe it. I honestly cannot get my head around it. Just the sheer fact that in April we were in Ayia Napa, now we're sat here in November a few months down the line and you're getting married. Such a crazy decision in my opinion... and I know you don't mind me being honest with you. -But I don't do things by halves, do I? -Well, no, that's true. This whole age gap thing. Oh, babe, but look at Richard and Judy, like... -He's still 19, right? -No, he's 20. He's just turned 20. -Whoo! Yes! -Whoo-hoo! -No longer a teenager. -Yay! Oh, my God. So, there is a little bit of an age gap between me and Ash. I'm coming up to 30 and he's just turned 20. I've been called a cougar a few times. I'm not going to lie. I knew straight away when I came back from Cyprus. I said to my mum and my granddad, "He's the one, I think. he's the one." They were like, "Don't be stupid." I was like, "I'm going to marry this one." Verity's a strong woman, she knows exactly where she's going in life, and she's gonna do it her way. The end. I don't think he knows what he's letting himself in for, actually. I like to be in charge of things. I like things to go my way. Your nickname, at my work, is Princess, isn't it? Yeah. I want my dog to go down the aisle with me. Bit of bling on. No. She could sit at the front, like, [dog impression] She doesn't sit still long enough. I'd like to go for something, like, either a Father Christmas outfit, for the wedding, or I want to get her, like, a bridesmaid dress. Does Binky want to wear a dress on the day? I'd like to think I get my own way with this. If I don't get my own way or I have a bit of a meltdown then I do go a bit psycho. [suspenseful music] -What have you bought? -Give me a kiss. Nothing. Sophie can become psycho Sophie when she doesn't get her own way. Phil just wants me to be happy, I think, don't you? [suspenseful music] Yes, darling. Anything for an easy life. There you go, see. It will all look Christmassy as we walk down... Well, I walk down the aisle. He said probably about five or six grand. I, logically, have probably spent about nine or ten grand, because I wanted it to be perfect. Because she's gone down the winter wonderland theme, -that has been added on to... -OK. your original discussion that you've had. Don't flutter your eye... Don't flutter your eyes at me. I basically wanted for our first dance, like, it to fill up with, like, nice dry ice. Then it would look like I had no feet and we were dancing as though we were on the clouds. The ice cloud that Sophie wanted was £245 for six minutes. That I did refuse to pay for. Yeah, so I went in a grump for about three days. The bubble machine is amazing. -It blows smoke inside the bubble. -Yeah. When it hits a body, it'll pop and then the mist bursts out. -That's the cherry on the cake. -It is for you. That's because you wouldn't let me have the dancing on clouds. I think in our relationship it is give and take, but if he says no I'll keep pushing until I get it. It's got to be exactly how you want it. -Perfect. -It's your dream, it's your vision. -Princess day. Every day is princess day. -Another one. Yeah. I don't like that one cos it's too covered up. I don't like that one cos I'm going to freeze. And then I don't like that cos I just feel all frumpy and meringue So, I don't really like any of them. You know, it depends how she feels on the day. We're going to have that picture on our mantelpiece. I won't see me and Ash, I'll just see that dress. I'll be going, "Ugh." But I want to be going, "Ah." And these. -How bling are they? They're lush. -Yeah, they look nice. I just love them cos they're so different. You wouldn't expect to see a bride walking down the aisle in something like this, would you? Nice, actually. Got quite a long train. -Yeah. -Feels kind of bridal. And you can wear your blingy boots with that. -Yeah, exactly. [laughs] -And it's all vintage. Yes. Literally from head to toe vintage. But I'm still not blown away. Will you ever be blown away? I don't know. I... This is the one so far. It looks a little bit tight, and I think you'd probably be a bit... What do you mean it's a bit tight? I thought it was alright, but you just pulled a face when I walked in, so I must look big. No, you don't look big. You're never big. What is it then? I'm just thinking, will you be comfy like that? Yeah. [nervous laugh] Yeah, I like that. I love the top part as well, -cos it's very slimming. -Do you think? Yeah. Turn round. Yeah, definitely. That's nice. You like it? If this was white, I'd probably be like, "Oh, my God, this is the dress." But because it is like an ivory colour, I have got it in my head it looks dirty. But the style of it you like? Not really cos it's a typical wedding dress. If I can't find the perfect dress there just won't be a wedding. This is my only job for the wedding that I've got to do today, and it's pick my suit. If I don't get this one job done then that's it, I'll be doomed for all eternity and I'll never be trusted with any job ever again. Phil thinks he has a choice, but I've ingrained into him what I like. So, if he comes back with anything else, there's going to be hell to pay. -I'm thinking more Scotland Highlands. -'I'm thinking Liverpool FA Cup final kit. White, bad sunglasses, worse ties. I've booked the day off work. I'm thinking I could end up in trouble with this. But I'm game for it. I'm loving the pink in this, Phil. One of these. Look at all that space under there. Right now we're just gonna wind Sophie up and see what reaction we can get out of her, I think. It's a full-blown dress. [phone ringing] Have you chose your suit? -We've had a bit of a change of heart. -What do you mean? We'll send you some pictures and see what you think. I've picked three. We've picked some classics, Sophie. Don't worry, we'll look after him. -Phil, I mean it. Are they silver? No. -I'll send you some pictures, alright. -I'll speak to you in a bit. Love you. -What colour are they? They're not what I thought are they? As if. He's just put the phone down. She's so mad right now. I think the last time I had a little bit of a psycho-Sophie episode, Phil was completely embarrassed in the middle of a nightclub in Preston. I feel like I should paint my face blue and start chasing Englishmen. I kind of threw a drink over Phil and, just like, charged my way down the street. And he got me a little battered sausage from the chippy to calm me down. I think she's going to have a tantrum, Phil, when you get home. -[message tone] -He's just sent me a picture. What are you doing? You absolute muppet. He looks like a geography teacher. Is he being serious? And the usher. Look, he's got a kilt on. I will not marry him dressed like that. No way. -Hi. -What did you think of them ones? Have you bought them? Yeah, just so you-- No. If you look like that at the end of the aisle, I will not walk down it. I will walk straight back out. You know that. If you've bought them Phil you're going straight back. -Yeah, I'm in trouble. -Oh, yes. If he thinks that that's how he's gonna get married then he can marry his best man. Hello. [laughs] You alright, babe? I'm still stressing, babe. It's alright for you. You've known since day one what you were gonna wear. I've not got a work uniform to wear or... Do you know what I mean? Like, it's hard and it's got to be perfect, and you know what I'm like. Anything at the moment, bin liner, onesie, plastic bag, anything looks better than the dresses that I've been wearing. Yeah, but babe you say that but you weren't there. Like, when you get caught up in the moment buying a dress. Like, trying on all these beautiful wedding dresses, you can totally get caught up in the moment, and I really thought I wanted that dress at the time and then I didn't, and you know what it's been like. Do you know what I mean? You've got like four dresses -so it's not like you haven't got options. -Three. Well, I've actually just won another one on eBay. But I'll speak to you later then, yeah? It's kind of annoying that Ash, it doesn't feel like he's taking it seriously. cos obviously, if I don't find the right dress, I'm not going to feel comfortable on the day and I'm just gonna look and feel awful. I thought it would be quite cute, obviously with the flower girl and Binky with the rings on her back. Well, if this... If the dress is quite low, we're probably better going for something with some hair down. Yeah. I did dig my heels in with regards to Binky. that she could stay in a cage, and they've said that that was OK. So, this morning I actually took Binky to go have a look at a doggy hotel. The woman was dead nice and Binky loved it, but I'm gonna tell Phil that it was awful, so that maybe he'll let me take Binky to the wedding. Ah, right. So if he asks ya, you're just going to have to like say that I was distraught or something. -You expecting me to lie now as well? -Yeah. Phil won't know any different. I see your logic. -Do you think it will work? -No. Binky, do you want to go to the wedding? -Do you want to walk down the aisle? Yeah? -[barks] -And see Daddy at the end of the aisle. -[barks] We can dance -and we can party. Good girl. -[phone ringing] Now it's just Phil to convince. That's Phil there. The hotel was awful. Yeah. No, it was really bad. We went in and it was just... Binky was just stood with her tail in-between her legs. There was this big dog there and she just was dead scared of it, and it just wasn't what we expected. Well, no, I don't think it's a good idea that she goes there to be honest. I've just decided that... I've spoke to Wellington Park, and they've said that she can go to the wedding. What do you mean? Like... Well, I've sorted it out now. Well, I thought, like, maybe we could, like, take her to the wedding, like, let her go down the aisle, and then we could sort out, like, doggy care afterwards somewhere. Somebody could have her for a few hours. I am very persuasive when it comes to Phil. If he loves me then he tries to make me happy. Hey. You alright, babe? -Yeah? -Yeah. Oh, wow! What about your boobies? Yeah. I think his nan and everybody would be like. [gasps] [Brid] That is absolutely amazing though. to go out and buy my perfect dress. I haven't got any more time. I haven't really got much more of a budget. This is kind of coming to the crunch now, I need to just do it. I cannot believe she's left it so late. Nine days till the big day and she's got to, literally, buy one off the hanger to fit her perfectly. Aww, babe. Before I keep looking at it, how much is it? The corset's 290 and the bottom's 230. But that is not what you're looking for. -No, but look...it's sexy. -It is beautiful. Can you imagine me coming down the aisle? He'll be like. [gasps] His eyes will pop out of his head. -Oh, my gosh. -No, Verry. -Babe, it's white. -It's white but it's... No. -No? Are you serious? -No. -Like, with a big puffy tutu skirt? -No. This is the thing, Verry, you'll get home and you won't be happy, just like the other four. What is it you actually want though Verity? Do you want a meringue dress, or do you want the Snow White dress, or do you want the elegant dress, that you initially started out wanting, or do you want the princess-style dress? I don't know. I don't know. Oh, Brid, no. It's really lovely. Don't want to look innocent little girl. Because you aren't an innocent little girl. No. I want to feel like hot in it still. Why? Babe. Why? What's wrong? I don't know what it is. Whoa! Is this a wind-up? Don't shout at me. Stop shouting at me. I'm not lying about anything, I don't know what you're talking about. Unless you explain properly. Me and Brid just sat here and we don't have a clue what you're talking about. Well, I'm not in the wrong. Stop shouting at me. Right, I'm on my profile. What am I looking at? 2011? Is he joking? Babe, that was in Ibiza. I was a promo girl for a boat party. Yeah? Don't shout at... "Google what it is and ring me back." That is literally... -Promo. Promo girl. -Yeah. Yeah. I've got it on there what I was doing. I was giving out fucking flyers. I don't need this right now. I'm just gonna try on a dress. Right, I'm going to try this one. Oh, I'm really excited about you trying some dresses on. So am I. I'm just trying to get back in the zone now, cos that's really annoyed me. Just try. Verity, you look like a princess. -I'm not so sure on the veil. -[Verity laughs] Not gonna lie, but the actual dress. It goes out and it fits... This isn't even being like pulled in like or... But even that neckline. I'm actually going to cry a little bit. Oh see. Oh, that's so beautiful. That's really lovely. Oh, lovely. I'm so annoyed at the moment. I feel so angry. Don't be angry. No, because it's things like this why people keep saying to me, "Oh you're doing it too soon," and that. Do you know what I mean? It's not the fact that... It's just the case of he's flown... he's flown of the handle, that's all it is. Honestly, he will apologise... But you know when you feel like you're doing so much stuff and, like, trying to hold everything together? -They're not appreciating it. That's fine. -Sorry. -[phone ringing] -That's probably him now. Right, I'll get you a tissue, OK. Thanks, babe. Don't hello me like that when you've just gone off on one, and now you're putting a kiss on the end of your message when I'm stood here in a fucking wedding dress, in a bridal shop. Coming out shopping today with Brid to try stuff on and you're fucking off kicking off about something that I don't even know what you're talking about, and then when I've checked out you've got totally the wrong end of the stick. I've managed to try one dress on in this shop. And you know I'm stressed out with all that. And the last thing I need is you throwing accusations at me and listening to your mates. I'm crying, I look a mess, and I'm stood here in a beautiful dress. It just upsets me, cos I'm literally putting every last minute of my time into this. Sorry. I feel sorry for the poor lady whose shop it is. For God's sake. I think it's important the day is perfect. I am very particular with everything, so if things don't run as I've planned I do get a little bit stressed and I will get a little bit psycho. Are you excited? -Yeah. -You sure? Everything has to be perfect, and it has to be Sophie's way, -So, what do you think? -Yeah, it's nice. I don't mind wearing it. Do you want to try it on? And Crystal, are you OK putting yours on? Yeah. OK, then. And then I'll see you both downstairs, yeah? -Yeah. -See you soon then. It's not my cup of tea. More fairy than my kind of thing, but it's nice. Sophie's day, isn't it? And you don't say no to Sophie. Wow, look at you! Wowie! She looks like Cinderella, doesn't she? Oh, turn around, Gabs, let's have a look. Needs altering a bit. -What's wrong with it? -It needs altering. Where? On the top part. It's really pretty. I don't know how we're going to alter it. It looks nice. It looks really nice. -What do you think, Crystal? -Looks so nice. -Do you want a tiara? -Yeah. -What kind of tiara do you want? -A pink one. A pink one? That's not going to go with the colours, is it? One of them. That's not going to help the situation, Gabrielle. Everything has to be Princess Sophie. [doorbell rings] -Hello. -Hiya, love, you alright? She hasn't seen it at all since February. I just hope she gets in it, I really do. [laughs] I think the dress is everything that a princess would wear. It's big, it's floaty. I'm definitely going to be a princess on the day. If she does not look absolutely perfect and everything goes perfect, Everything's OCD with Sophie. -Ohh. -You can't wait to see it, can you? Gorgeous. Is it as good as you thought? It is, yeah. I'm just worried, that looks very small. -You better get me in it. -I will. If you don't, Nana, there's going to be ruptions. Soph, can I see you in the dress? Yeah. Oh, you're so pretty. It's actually fitting better than it probably did when I bought it. Sack off the gym now, that's it now. Bring on Domino's. It's my hen do! Yeah! Hi, limo. Are you being serious? Oh, my God, it's fucking huge. One glass. Verity, tonight, is looking glamorous. Slightly naughty but fabulous. Sweetie, we're going to play a game, and it's about how well you know your future husband. -What would he save in a fire? -Me. -No. -What? -Your engagement ring. -Instead of saving me he'd save my ring? How many people do you think Verity's slept with? -[female friend] Ooh! -Are you being serious? Spray on him, spray on him. Titties! [cheering] Hopefully no clothes will be coming off tonight, because Ash will absolutely kill me. I'll be making sure no clothes come off tonight. Maybe the sash will come off. [Verity] That's it. That's it. So far we have been in a pink limousine, got really drunk, and now we're going clubbing. So it's like 1997 all over again. Waiter, could you pass me a glass of wine, please? -To Mr and Mrs Cooper. -To Mr and Mrs Cooper. Probably be in a married quarter somewhere. I'm flattered that she's give up like everything to come out to me, so she must really like me. Who wouldn't like you, darling? Hats off to her though, when she knows what she wants. She knows what she wants, like. She'll go and get it. I expect all her friends know what she's like. It's frustrating being in the same country and still not seeing her like. But, it's getting there. We're going to do some burlesque tonight, a bit of pin up. Well, she is. She definitely is. Ash doesn't know what we're capable of. But he would want this. I'm so excited. I'm getting married. -I'm so excited for her. -I'm getting married. What have you put in? Have you put her favourite monkey in? -Yes. -And her favourite ball? -I think she needs her monkey in the car. -I don't. Will you hold it for her? Will you miss Mummy? Kisses. Come on. -Phil, will you carry her cage, please? -Yes, darling. It's hard, innit, saying goodbye to one of your children. She's a pet. Do you not think she's like one of our children? No, she's a dog. Come on, mutt. He's booked her into a hotel for two nights. Say goodbye. cos I think she's part of our family and she should be there. The dog was never gonna come to the wedding. So, I always win eventually. I like her to think she wins, but she doesn't. [doorbell rings] Alright. Bye-bye. I'll just have to grit my teeth for this one occasion and we'll see, we'll see. If we renew our vows, Binky's going to have to be there. It is horrible. Oh, my God, that is awful. Tickling me. Hi, Ash. It's Alex, you alright? How long you going to be, guys? Half five? OK, I'll let her know. Alright then, speak to you soon. If I'd done things my way. Do you know what I mean? But, I get he's trying to be helpful. Not ideal though when I could have just paid for a fucking courier. Seems to have been a bit of a disaster with the guys. They are majorly stuck in traffic and we don't whether they're going to get here tonight to pick up all of the stuff to take over to the Isle of Wight. He's never going to be in control of doing this kind of thing ever again, and he owes me big time for stressing me out, and he actually owes Alex big time, because he's taken loads of time out of her day now. Yeah, he owes me big time. He does. It's the only thing that they've had to do. She was even going to get all of this stuff couriered earlier in the week, so it was already there, and they insisted on coming and making sure this was something that they were going to do. At this point, when it's looking like it's not going to happen, I think she's really, really feeling let down by everybody who's... who has doesn't done very much so far. How far away are you guys now? I was going to say it can't, because Ash said an hour about half an hour ago. We've just come through Hammersmith. Why are you going through London? OK, so it's going to be half seven at this rate. Right, OK. I'll just see you when I see you. Do you know what I mean? Do you know when you feel like you're the only one taking something seriously. It's been an emotional journey to say the least. Just been complete drama the whole way up here, but we're here now. It's a bit annoying I can't see her, but it is what it is, isn't it? It's only two days left. Hello. Finally. I'm probably, literally, about 30 feet from where she is now, so it's a bit nerve-wracking. Like, I really want to go run up there and see her, but I can't so. It's just one of them things, isn't it? I'm sure she's the same, or at least I hope so anyway. Be careful with it. so hopefully it gets to the Isle of Wight in one piece. I'm going to be holding my breath until I see it all again. Ladies and gentleman, please stand to receive the bride, accompanied by her nana. You alright? OK, shall we get married? Best had. I was terrified, absolutely terrified on the way down. I had a massive anxiety attack in the room. But we're over all that now, and I think I've pulled off the dress quite well. His suits have turned out OK, and he's got his everything, his ties straight and his pants aren't too short, so I'm quite happy with that. So, he's done a good job. -My legs were shaking. -I noticed. -Were your legs shaking? -No. -No? Nothing at all? -No. Cool, calm and collected. -Happy? -Always. -You happy? Are ya? -Yes. Yes. -That's alright then. -Done. [host] Ladies and gentleman, Mr and Mrs Mcginity. The most important person to keep happy today is obviously Sophie, and I think, yeah, I think so far so good. Binky will be very proud of us. Mummy and Daddy getting married. [Phil] Soph, I can't avoid the thing! I can't wait to get this dress off. Well, that's another story really, isn't it? -It's killing me. -Alright now, I'm just trying to get your dress up. at maid of dishonour, Joel's family home. It's my wedding day and I'm bricking it. Slightly that way. I've got to put the dress on, veil, shoes, go for a wee, go for a panic poo. [laughs] Hey, bride, 15 minutes. Shitting myself. I'm excited. A bit nervous but I'll be alright. I think the worst thing is like her not turning up, that's my biggest worry. I've decided on my dress, finally. Yeah, I've gone with the meringue dress. She's chosen the right choice, that I picked. Verity's boots with the "I do", and my dress were meant to be, I think. Yeah! I haven't seen… Yeah, I haven't seen Ash for about eight weeks. Oh, my God, I sound right like I'm wavering. I haven't… I can't even say it. I'm going to lose it when I see him. This has now become a real…thing. Right, not panic. -You're not panicking. Just take a break. -Could you get me a tissue? Nana, where are my earrings? Crystal, go sit down. Are you giving them trouble? No, I'm just panicking because Crystal's not listening, the rings aren't here, Nan, and I don't like people round me. -Has anybody texted him to bring them? -I don't even know. You're not even ready. I can't get in the bathroom, love, it's full. Do you want us to all go out and leave… I just want to get my underwear on, that's all I'm conscious about. Right, I'll go outside. I just want my nan to get my underwear on, that's all. Do you want me to stay while you're having your underwear… No, I just want my nan to get my boobs in. I'm panicking about it. -Is it nearly half past? -Yeah. I think Sophie's going to be a late bride. Oh, my God. For fuck's sake. If you ask me one more time I'm going to fucking swing. Can you not do it? Do the bottom one first. Get me in it. Fuck sake. Can't even look in the mirror, Nan. It's going to look like shit now cos of my fat. She better not be crying. I can hear crying. Happy socks! -Can I have some deodorant, please? -I can do it. I'm alright now. I hate the underwear. Look at the back. It says "I do". Can you see on the heels? -All the weeks of waiting and... -Long time coming. Yeah. Doesn't feel real. It's like a dream at the moment. It's amazing to finally actually be stood next to you and your wife. -And wedded. -Yeah. There's nothing wrong with it, it's amazing. It's my princess dress, and I've loved wearing it. I don't want to take it off now. I think she just looks stunning. Well, she does anyway, but like just takes my breath away every time I see anyway. He looks amazing. He literally is so smart and he looks like a real man and I love it. Toy boys are definitely the way to go. I've got one as well. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 