Beast Wars: Transformers: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beast Wars: Transformers 
 s3e4 - Cutting Edge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beast Wars: Transformers (1996–1999): Season 3, Episode 4 - Cutting Edge - full transcript 
 Megatron sends a new fleet of robotic raptors after a tribe of the very first humans. Optimus sends Blackarachnia and Cheetor to protect them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles by wadera8@wp.pl 43 Cutting Egde. Protect those children! Hmm... metallurgical analysis shows that component parts are made of Cybertronian alloys. So, Megatron's behind this. Cloning long-dead raptors, infusing them with Transmetal technology. There's possibly others. Which means... we could have trouble. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Door opening. - Huh? Door closed. Hey, watch where you're... Hey, whoa! Uh, hi. Oh, what is this, a military base, or a day care center for under-evolved bipeds? Sorry, they're just here until we can find their... tribe. Let go of me. Uh, this is my fault, so lemme help. Someone needs to escort the children back to their tribe. Blackarachnia? Me? Give the job to someone who can fly. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hmm... our sensors don't register organics properly. Not much chance of locating the tribe from the air. The children will have to lead the way, on foot. Oh, make my day. A nature walk? A dangerous one, but necessary. The cyber-raptors are Megatron's handiwork, and you know Megatron better than anyone. Having been his little eight legged lieutenant... Rattrap, be quiet. Terrific - me and the junior forest rangers. I'll accompany her. Negative - you've sustained damage. And besides, I want Blackarachnia's full attention on the job at hand. I'll go with her. Agreed. The rest of us will stay here. We've got plenty of work to do installing the defense systems. Is it just me, or is our boy looking particularly bushy-tailed today? Eh, it's the web lady I'm wonderin' about. Call me paranoid, but I don't trust Preds, I don't trust spiders, and I don't trust dames who sneak in and out of classified areas when they think nobody's watching. What are you saying? 'M sayin' that our little spider chum... is a credit to her web spinnin' species, and I don't know what we ever did without her. That way, huh? Don't bug me, kid, your forehead slopes. Yesss, very good. The prey is in the field. So let the hunt begin. Ready? Hang on. Guys! Oh, they're only young once, but they can act juvenile forever. Hmm... can't get a reading. Ho ho, totally cute. She wants to be you! Let's get this straight, okay? I'm a black widow spider, I don't make friends, I can't stand kids, and I truly despise... cute. Oh, pointless. How do you squelch someone who communicates in cave paintings? She just thinks you're kinda cool. And... you know what? Don't... even... start. Look out! You like this little maneuver? Two choices. One, bail out of here like any self-respecting spider, or two... play little miss hero, like some sort of pathetic warm-blood. Ugh! Sometimes I disgust myself. Here's the plan - - you fly the brats back to base, then come and get me. Not gonna work. I can't fly. My jets got damaged in the fall. Oh, great. I get stuck with the one cat in the world who lands on his head. Cheetor to Optimus, we got a problem here. Blackarachnia to anyone, come in. Someone's jamming our signals... and three guesses who that would be. My humble self, indeed. The traitoress can now be destroyed, Royalty, and the cat as well. Yesss, but not too quickly, for I have a greater plan in mind. Waspinator, Tarantulas, to your mission. With pleasure, Megatron. A chance to field-test an amusing little device I've developed. And a few companions, to amuse you further. Cry havoc! And let slip the dogs of war! Cheetor, Blackarachnia, do you read me? Something has gone wrong, she is in danger, I... I can feel it. Eh, maybe the two of them just decided to take a little break. If that innuendo were not beneath my contempt, rodent, you would be required to give satisfaction! I forget, did he talk like this before, or did fallin' in love do somethin' to his circuits? I don't like this either. I'm gonna fly out and have a look around. I'm coming with you. I can handle it, Silverbolt. Besides, you're needed here. If my lady is in danger, then my place is at her side. As you wish. You two stay here, and double check the defenses. Eh, typical, who gets stuck with all the work? The rat gets stuck with all the work, while everyone else goes on a slaggin' picnic. Ah, exactly as I anticipated. The base is under-manned, and unprotected, ours for the asking. Aw, now we ain't gonna ask, are we? Hows about we just blast our way in there, and slag everybody and TAKE IT! Mmm... okay. Predacons! Terrorize! That's where you live, is it? Well then, we'll have you home before you know it. Stay down. Hang on, my soul's delight. Cheetor! Bigbot! Are you a sight for sore eyes! What is it? Some sort of... transmetal... YAAAHHHH! Cybervenom! Oh, man, looks like we got company! Quickstrike, you may lead. Yeah! That's what I like to hear! Royalty, why was I not chosen? Because, Inferno, when expecting booby traps... always send a boob in first. Autoguns online! Looks like we're gonna get a little slaggin' in after all. Looks like we don't have a choice. Well look at this... a pair of pint-sized knuckle-draggers. Nooooo!! Oh, heart of my heart, I saw! You were ready to sacrifice yourself! It was an accident, okay? I slipped. Rattrap to Optimus. I hate to interrupt your picnic, but we got big Pred problems. Just hang on, Rattrap. You and Rhinox are our last hope. Defend the... defend the there his is, my little guy. There he is... my little guy. Isn't he cute? That's not what I wanted to hear. Uh-ohhhh. Oh boy... Oh no! Down raptor, bad raptor! That's it! Attack their cyber-controls. That's where they're vulnerable! Oh no! Megatron, Waspinator report... failure. Uh! Worthless bug! Inferno, Rampage, prepare to take hostages. The Ark is ours! It... aaahhh! Predacons! Retreat! Big Preds are my specialty. Not too shabby. Eh, still smells like fish. There'll be time for a good close look at these in private. Uh, that was incredible, the way you saved those kids' lives. Are you bots going to drop this sooner or later? And I really thought, you know, we made a pretty good team, didn't we? Listen, tabby. You're a nice kid... which is two strikes against you. So don't go lookin' for strike three, okay? I'm not a kid. And maybe I'm not so nice, either. Ah, a near success. My Transmetal II technology works, but it proves unstable without a spark. Oh, however, as it happens, I have half a one to spare. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 