The Pier: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pier 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pier (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 Los secretos de Óscar siguen aflorando y en ellos podría estar la respuesta sobre su muerte. Gracias a la herencia que ha dejado a Verónica, Alejandra y ella descubren que Óscar tenía otro ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'd rather you didn’t. I still feel that way. What the hell do you want then? I don't remember who I was. I don't know where my home is. It's over. Don't go! I need you to keep something for a few days. I'm meeting someone and can't take it with me. - Okay. - Thanks. I'm on my way. - I'll see you in a half hour. - Okay. Bye. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why don't you go back? Back home. Tell Oscar it was just an argument, the same as all couples have once a month, - and that you're over it now. - Because I'm not. We've been together eight years. We've laughed, had fun and have an amazing daughter. But now he's suffering, what's the point in prolonging the agony? You've been crying for two hours and you'll end up dehydrated. I won't. Think about if this brings you something or takes it away. Seeing him all messed up takes something away. What about being without him? Forever. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Conrado, I need to speak to you. I've discovered something. Call me back when you get this. Sorry to bother you, but I think this is important for the investigation. Call me back. Well, when you get the chance. Conrado, it's me again. I'm going to bed. I'll call you again tomorrow. Goodbye. You have one new message. Alex, I need to speak to you now. I'll be at the studio. Alex. What is it? So? I'm pregnant. Big Boss? I just did the test in the restroom like I was 17 years old, when I'm actually 40. I'm 40. - They're often wrong. - How many times? I did three yesterday and they all said the same thing. - In that case, it's not wrong. - No, it's not. He doesn't know? What are you going to do? All I can think about is Fermin being right when he said we should put condoms in the damn vending machine. I fooled around with Verónica. - Well... great. - Great? Yeah, that's why she was here yesterday. Of course. - You're a couple. - No, we’re not. We're friends. Or family, I'm not sure. My therapist says I confuse the attachments I have. You're a mess. But let me give you some advice, seeing as it's going so well for me. You should think a little less and fuck a little more. Coming from you, that's great advice. - Right. - And without a parachute. No, with a parachute. We already have enough with one pregnancy. What a mess. Sweetie. I know, my tits are bursting out, what can I say? - Do you have a safety pin? - I might have one. I want to be clear. The Snatch and Trust investment won't meet our target. The new design is 30% over the original budget. Arturo and I have been looking at it and it isn't viable. The curved glass, the water tank for the gardens, the steel structures, it's crazy. The good news. - There's good news? - Yes. We might be able to do it. Arturo thinks he may have found a new partner. Congratulations, Arturo. In that case, I'd like to meet him and explain the heart of this project, it's important for me. He won't understand the heart of it. This kind of investor is only interested in profit. He's from Qatar. They're from a different culture, they have certain views on women. They don't even like being in the same room. They think that menstruation is impure. We won't menstruate the day we meet them then, tell them not to worry. I think we need to decide if it's a good idea for you to go to that meeting. Excuse me? I don’t know what this man does when he's at home, nor do I care, but he's come here today and bought a project designed by two women. So, of course we're going to be in that meeting and if the meeting is in his country, Katia and I will decide if we wear a headscarf or a burka, but if it's going to be here we're not going to hide away. Exactly. Well, what I wanted to say to you is... that running Verónica off the road with my patrol car was... - totally out of line. - Excuse me? She didn't say anything about that. Right. Well, I don’t know. I lost control, you know. I lost it when I found out that you two had been having an affair. Conrado, it wasn't an affair it was... I don't know what it was. What you do and who you do it with is your business, I don't want to... What I'm trying to say, ma'am, is that you're a strong, brave woman. You proved that by going into your husband's lover's home. I hadn't thought about it like that, but thank you. I saw it from the moment I met you. That's why I stopped taking my meds and that's why I'm not waiting for a sign. I want you to understand that... that the hopes I harbor are my problem and that's just the way I feel. And I'm not one for saying this kind of thing over the phone. That's all. Now we can talk about what you wanted to tell me about Oscar. Right. Verónica went to the impound to get Oscar's car, yesterday. She found out he had several tickets for speeding and they're all in the same place, a town called Taracuellos in Castellón. Taracuellos? The last ticket is from a few hours before he died. I'll take a patrol car out to that town. We both went there yesterday and we discovered a house with Oscar's things in it. No, I don't want you or Verónica doing anything without telling me about it. - I'm sorry, it just happened like that. - Well, I don't want it to just happen. This is a murder investigation. Fran was taken by a group of hooded men who boiled his testicles. Fran? But why Fran? They were looking for the money Oscar took. Don't worry, he's fine but I don't want you doing anything without me. Alright? Yes. It would seem Oscar gave Vicent a package for him to safeguard. It was full of rolls of money. He had a lot of money on him when he died 1.2 million euros. It was Andrés'. He laundered money for him for three years. I think Oscar was murdered. - Hi, Vicent. - Hey, what's up? You're stuffing your face, huh? Damn, you even ordered juice. The eel business must be doing good, right? Drinks on you? What is it, Vero? I know you were keeping money for Oscar. What I don’t know is how often you also worked for that asshole. - I have nothing to do with that, okay? - Sure. But, I already told Conrado what I know. Conrado? - Yes. - Great. Why didn't you tell me, your friend? What else do you know? That he had another house in Taracuellos? - I had no idea. No. - You had no idea. Right. When he died, there may have been people looking for that money. We don't know if there was a third woman, if he was running with her and the money, - or if that's why he was killed. - What are you saying? - Who would want to kill Oscar? - I don't know. No idea. What I do know is his life was a damn mess. There were so many lies and shitty cover-ups, maybe he didn't instigate his own death. Oscar spent his time laundering money for gangsters. What do you think those people do when someone steals 1 million from them? It looks like he liked French music. That's the first I'm hearing about it. I knew about the wine, but not that. - There's a bedroom as well. - Let's go. - I bought him that shirt. - Don't touch anything without gloves. - You might contaminate evidence. - Sorry. I thought he'd lost it because... he really didn't like it at all. Lieutenant, do you think that... Oscar could have had another lover? A third life in this town? Well... Why are you here? I'm Lieutenant Conrado of the Civil Guard, who are you? I'm the landlady here for the rent. Is this the tenant? Yes, that's Mario. When did he rent the house? Three months ago. He only came once in a while as he travelled a lot. - Do you know if he lived alone, ma'am? - As far as I know he did. Did you ever see him talking to anyone from the town? Did he have friends? - You never saw him with anybody. - No, sir. I live in Rivavieja. How did he die? It would seem it's a murder. I'll pay you what he owed, ma'am. - How much is it? - 200 euros. - Here you go. - Thank you. - I need to go outside. - Okay. - Give me your address. - Sure. - Rivavieja? - Yes. 124, Poniente Street Thank you, ma'am. We'll be in touch. - Anytime. - Thanks for everything. Look, Mrs. Leyva, investigating crimes is my job. You don't need to know all the details. You can decide if you want to know any more about Oscar. Which Oscar, Conrado? The Oscar from Valencia? The Oscar from La Albufera? Mario from Taracuellos? I don't know what to think anymore. In truth, I have no idea. I'm not this confident woman you think I am, in fact my mom just wrote a novel about all that. That I can't make decisions in life, only at work. And it’s true, that's the way it is. Maybe I should listen to my best friend and give you the sign and we can go and make love up against a wall somewhere. I've had enough, you know. I've had enough. I can't do this anymore. - Do you want to go for a drink? - Yes. - I have to go and get my things first. - Okay. - What's up, Tino? - Morning, guys. - What lovely company you have today. - How are you? - What would you like? - A coffee. No, a glass of wine. Sorry, a gin and tonic. I'll have a glass of wine. Shall we eat something? - They do really good food here. - I'm good with the gin. - I have some delicious BBQ wings. - Great, we'll have some of those. - Can I have some cutlery, Tino? - Don't mind me. Really, I like to see you enjoying your food. Don't worry. - I'll try one myself. - They're really good. Really good. Maru's a demon in the kitchen. Mrs. Leyva... I'm... dying to make love to you. Listen, when I saw you in the office this morning, standing there with that confidence and vitality, I changed my mind about what I was going to say. What were you going to say? That... I understand that maybe the thing about the sign was your way of politely rejecting me. But when I was there, I realized I couldn't say that to you. Look... I saw Toni on his combine harvester yesterday and I thought of you. It's not easy for me, because that's where I asked my wife to marry me. And now, every time I see the harvester, I think of you instead of her, you get me? Yes. That's why, when we do make love, I hope it's not a race to get ahead because you need to run away from something. Well, I have to go. - Put this on my tab, Tino. - Sure, no problem. - How about a boat ride? - I prefer to be on land, to be honest. You know who I am? You’re Oscar's friend. I've seen you at the cabin before. It must be boring living here all year. Rowing about, dealing with tourists and the mosquitos. The low season. I guess it'd be different if you won the lottery. If 1.2 million fell into your lap, it'd be different. You'd have a different life, right? I know you didn't give Oscar the money like you told that cop. I know because he was with me that whole night and he didn’t go any damn place for any money. I'm going to return it, okay. I'll give it to Conrado and it's done. - No, you have to give it to Andrés. - What? No. I don't know why I kept the money. I didn't know what to do with it. Nobody returns just over a million euros, just because they feel like it. Or maybe I'm an idiot, I don't know. What I do know is I don't want trouble. Look... Look! You think this is sunburn, Mr. I-don't-want-trouble? This is from boiling water. Four guys took me, put me in a vat of water, soldered the lid on and started heating it with blow torches. I thought I was going to drown, but then I thought I would be boiled alive like a damn lobster. You know the problem? In small towns everybody finds out about everything. I doubt it's in your interest to be the one who took Andrés' money to the cops giftwrapped. - Hi, Mom. - Hi, darling. - Are you crying? - No. I'm not crying. I was cleaning Dad's car and something must have gone in my eye. - This isn't Dad's car. - It isn't? No. - It's my car. - It is? He gave it to me. He told me he'd give me the keys when I turned eight. Eight? He didn’t say eighteen? Anyway, by the time you're 18 this will be a piece of junk, so it'd be better to buy a new one. - No, I know how to drive it. - I know, sweetie, but... I get sad when I see it. What if we paint it a pretty color? Very good, don't go outside of the lines. Good. Keep going. - What are you doing? - We're painting Sol's new car. You see? It'll be really expensive to remove that. - We're not going to remove it, are we? - No. I went to Taracuellos with Conrado. He called himself Mario. - Mario? - Yes. He'd been renting the house for the last three months and he lived alone. Well, lived, he spent a few days there. - And what was he doing there? - I don't know. He had clothes, a CD with French music on. Why didn't you tell me that Conrado ran you off the road? Because if I told you, you'd think he was some dangerous, crazy person. Did he tell you himself? If a guy runs you off the road in a fit of jealousy, - he's a little dangerous, right? - What are you talking about? Conrado is a good guy. The thing is, well, sometimes he loses control a little. But, come on, who doesn't? - Well... - Well. Not you, of course. Your problem is you think too much, Mrs. Architect. Everything has to go through here. Everything has to have a label, right? Lover, wife, lesbian. Putting a label on a desire is like taming it. That's good. - No... What are you doing? - Filming you, so we don't forget the day you became a wild woman. Not eating, I feel self-conscious. You can tell how someone fucks by how they eat. - Who came up with that? - It's true. People who make piles and separates their food on the plate, how do you think they'd take off your panties? - Don't film me. - I'm coming. - Don't. - I am. Pass the ball forward for a change, goddammit! All they're doing is passing back. They need to take a damn shot. Jesus. This is the money Oscar should have taken to Panama. It's all there if you want to check. Of course it's all there. I don't need to count it. - Your ball, man. - Oscar asked me to keep it for him. - When he died, I didn’t know what to do. - Come on. Screw this game. Jesus. That's why you hid it and didn't give it to the cops. It's difficult to know what to do. Can't take it to the bank, or spend it on something above board and you can't just give it back whenever you feel like it, as if nothing had happened. A few days ago you sent some guys to boil me alive in an oil drum. because you wanted your money, so here it is. Take it, please. My father used to say: "People who look like assholes from a distance, you get up close and see that they are." You know what business is built on? Trust. This business, for example. El Lula. Yes, this business. A guy won't drop his pants to fuck here if he isn't sure nobody will rob him while his ass is on display, that he won't catch anything from one of the girls and that his wife won't find out. A lot of people know me and if they find out that some oar-wielding moron and a damned accountant tried to steal 1 million from me, how does that make me look? Like an asshole. Who will trust me then? If you try anything again, I'll call the cops. Don't be like that, Francisquito. We have a business in common. Did you know Oscar was going to betray you? That bastard told me he wanted out the day after he took the money. Maybe he was going to the Seychelles. The thing is, your asshole of a friend took something that was mine. I don't know if he was planning to blackmail me, but he took my accounts. A blue notebook where I kept addresses, contact names, bank account numbers, the unofficial accounts. You get me? I have six sex clubs, three nightclubs, five hotels and seven restaurants. That notebook is gold dust for a judge. If somebody found it, lots of people are screwed. Including you two. So... I'll make you guys a deal. Find the notebook and bring it to me. - I have no idea where it is. - Look, Francisquito. With your friend dead, the business is ours. And, like I said, it's based on trust. I trust you'll bring me the notebook and you can trust I won't boil you up again. Because next time, that oil drum will feel like the warm waters of the Caribbean. - What are you doing? - Filming you, so we don't forget the day you became a wild woman. Not eating, I feel self-conscious. You can tell how someone fucks by how they eat. Mrs. Leyva. I'm sorry for coming without warning but as you said, some things can't be discussed over the phone. I can't stop thinking about this morning, when you said how much you want to make love to me and... I wondered what it'd be like with someone who wants me that much. Do you keep your motorcycle here? Over there. I want to say that... it's been a long time since I made love and... Conrado. - Will you do me a favor? - Of course, anything. Shut up. - Do you know who eats like an animal? - Who? - Conrado. - Conrado? You're not serious. Like he'd been through two world wars. Careful. What are you doing? Don't tell me you're going to water the lettuces? Are you a gardener now? I think I'm starting to feel what Oscar felt. That we've domesticated ourselves... but deep down we're wild animals. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 