The Pier: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pier 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pier (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 Alejandra begins to get carried away by the wild atmosphere of the Albufera, passes from the arms of Veronica to those of Conrado, leaving aside all her responsibilities. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You came. Of course I did. I'VE HAD TO GO RUN AN ERRAND Hey, it's Conrado. I've downloaded this because I don't want to seem completely old school. Yesterday was incredible, but then you disappeared like Cinderella and I didn't call as I didn't want to be a pain. We've made love twice now, and my dad always said that after the third you're officially a couple, and I'd like to meet up with you a third time. I'll be at La Barraca tonight if you want to come. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How's it going? Good morning. - How did it go, doctor? - Perfectly. There were no complications, so we'll keep him under observation and tomorrow at about 10am he'll likely be able to go home. Great. Thank you very much. - I'll check in again this afternoon. - Okay. So? Are you dizzy or anything? I think I'm still feeling the anesthesia. I'm not surprised. Do you want me to stick around or... Or if you like I can go get Verónica, it would only take me about an hour. - No. - No? Alejandra's flight gets in at 3pm, I think. I'll go get her... No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Give me my cellphones. Do you have them? Your cellphones? Now? - Yes. - Here. - Are you going to call them? - No. Somebody has to stay with you. - You can't be alone. - They took my appendix, not a kidney. You sound like my grandma. I'm fine. Okay, but you can't stay here on your own for 24 hours. What will you do? Why don't you bring me a magazine? - Actually, bring me three or four. - What about? About... home décor. Or fishing. Bring me three or four damn magazines. - Can you not laugh? - No. Home décor or fishing. I'll see what I can find. - Okay. - Asshole. ACCOUNTING Take it easy. Wait. - Feeling better? - Yes, thanks. Yeah? No worries. - No comment. - No. Truth is, I also drank a lot last night. I don't even remember how we got here. - I hope I didn't drive. - No, I did. We had to take Alex to her car and she left us her keys as she had to go. Right. - I want to say something. - Yes? I really like you... Okay? And you're an amazing girl, really. - Thank you so much. - Sure. I also just left my wife. I almost died. He's like, "Katia, I like you..." And I thought, "Here we go..." The typical morning-after speech. Then he tells me he's left his wife and I thought he was going to profess his love. He's a teddy bear. But I do have to say that I'm... totally in love with Alex. I have something to say too. You're in love with someone? - That too. - Good. Unfortunately for me. I didn't puke because I'm hung over. I'm pregnant. I never thought it'd be that easy to tell a guy I'd just slept with - that I'm pregnant from another. - Fran's like that. He makes your life easier. The teddy bear. Poor teddy bear. The schmuck. And instead of fucking the schmuck, you got busy with the cop, right? I saw you. In the bathroom. You weren't worried about your panties last night, honey. I slept with Verónica. All in? All in. So, what's cunnilingus on a woman feel like? Cunnilingus, Katia? Well, fine. I did it. That's all. Don't look at me like that. I know this sounds like we're talking about other people's lives, but... it wasn't weird. I liked it. I don't know it's just... I don't recognize you. A cop, your late husband's lover... This is all pretty big, right? I know the old Alejandra wouldn't have done it. She'd lean out the window and see buildings and concrete and geometric shapes and... - But the new Alex... - What does the new Alex see? Myself. What's with the face? This playing both sides might come back to haunt you. To haunt me? Why? I'm not deceiving anybody. People get confused. Affection confuses everybody. I've spent my whole life worrying about others. My mom, Oscar, projects, my studies... Well, I'm sorry, but now it's my turn. You know? It's my turn. - Hello? - Are you alone? Yes. I found the blue notebook Andrés is looking for. - No way. Where was it? - In Taracuellos. I found a postal receipt at home, that Oscar sent the very day he died. It was sent from the office at Sueca, so he must have sent it just after stealing it. - What's in it? - Accounting. References of money coming in and out, then the last two pages are telephone numbers. - Whose numbers? - People from here in La Albufera. The mayor, local councilmen... All of these people are involved in Andrés' business. I don't know, maybe he was bribing them or something. I don't understand, Alejandra. Oscar wasn't like that. He... He was decent. He was a good person, he didn't make a living scamming people. - No. - We can't get inside of Oscar's head. You and I are here and... we have to live in the here and now. What's this? A truism from Yoga classes or something you learned at therapy? No. I'm going to call Fran to tell him we have it, okay? Okay. I'll see you later. I'm sorry, the door was open. Have you seen Mario? How do you know Mario? He owes me money. Mario's dead. Hey. Hey! Wait a minute. I'LL WAIT FOR YOU TO HAVE DINNER WHERE ARE YOU??? ARE YOU COMING TODAY? MISS YOU. I BET YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE YOUR CELL IS FLIGHT TO IBIZA PAY 124 TO TRAVEL ZONE CONFIRM Ada? Where are you going? - I'm going to class, Blanca. - No, you're not. Come on, get in. What are you doing here? Were you really going back to that school where they're ridiculing your vagina? What can I do? First off, you're going to call your mom to come down from the studio, then... stop going to class for a week and meanwhile look for another school. Thank you, Blanca. Really. I wasn't angry because some Japanese kid might get off on your photos, that wasn't it at all. It's because you have to take responsibility for your actions. All you do, big or small, eventually blows up in your face. In ways you could never have imagined. Blanca, you're not helping with the, "I told you so and you didn't listen." - Alright, sorry. - I wish I hadn't done it. - I know. - But so what? The fact is, people usually live life and enjoy themselves, without thinking about what's next. Take Alex, worrying about the effects of things before even trying them out. Her husband had to die first to get her to enjoy life instead of watching it pass her by. And is she in a bad way? She's happier than she's ever been. Come on, call your mom. What is it? This is what Andrés is looking for. Vicent had the money. He and Fran went to return it and Andrés told them that Oscar stole this just before he died. The accounting of his front businesses. There are emails, phone numbers, amounts next to each entry. Names that you can't even imagine. We can charge him for multiple crimes with this. You have to promise me you won't arrest that scumbag for this. I don't want him going to jail for a six-month workout and then just paying a fine and getting off Scot-free. Promise me you'll arrest him for murdering Oscar. Verónica, we don't have any proof of that yet. He stole his money and then this notebook. I'm sure Oscar was going to report him. That's why he killed him. What more proof do you need? Okay, I won't do anything with this book, until I can prove what you're telling me. I promise. Where did you find it? In Taracuellos. I told Alex you mustn't go anywhere alone, dammit. I didn't go with Alejandra, she was asleep and... I didn't want to wake her. I found this postal receipt at home. A guy also showed up asking for Oscar. Well, for Mario. - Who was he? Did you ask what he wanted? - He said Oscar owed him money. What did he look like? I don't know. He was an older gentleman, about 70 years old or maybe a little younger, but he was really gaunt. Maybe he's sick. Was it him? Hang on. You can see him better here. Who is this guy and what did he want from Oscar? Hey. Hi. Do you have Andrés' notebook? I'm going to give it to Fran. The notebook? I gave it to Conrado. What? - We agreed I'd give it to Fran. - I know. You know? What do I tell Fran? He has a mob boss after him, they'll boil him alive. I don't give a shit about Fran. Is it my fault he decided to work with that lowlife Andrés? - Of course not, but we have to help him. - I don't want to help him. I don't want to. What I want is for Oscar's killer to be caught. Don't you? Of course I want to catch his killer. So you're going to give him the notebook? - No. - Me neither, so I gave it to Conrado. It's not that. We wanted to give it to Fran for him not to get killed. If we're in this together, you can't just go it alone. You say that you hate lies, but go to Taracuellos without a word. You say we'll give the book to Fran and then give it to Conrado. Tell me that's not lying. What else are you hiding? Some drunk guy asked about Oscar in Taracuellos. We don't know who he is. Great, what else? Oscar was sick before he died. He was depressed. What else? We broke up... I broke up with him two days before, but then I we made up, 3 hours later he was killed. He didn't kill himself because I left him, okay? I told him that if he was depressed, that we were in this together. That I wouldn't leave him. That I'd be there for him. Alejandra, I don't ever want to go it alone. Understand? Good. And... what else have you not told me? - That I was Oscar's wife. - Right, but I already know that. What else? He called a few hours before he died... to tell me he wanted a baby. You know what? I'm tired. I'm tired of dealing with everything, of being alone. Of not being prejudiced or spraying blame like a sprinkler. It's like living on an iceberg. And honestly, I feel like I need a little stability. Even if it's just that. Just a little. I've spent the last eight years living a half-life. I can't do it anymore. I don't want to be alone. But now I have someone by my side who I call in the middle of the night and she comes. And that's exactly what I need. Someone home for dinner every night. Are you talking about me? Or somebody like you. But... I'm not a lesbian, Verónica. What you just said is so insignificant, such a small thing compared to being a friend, or a partner or sharing a moment. My daughter is being harassed at school. Well, there and outside school. They're doing it through social media too. They found her website and are using its content in a degrading way. - What is the content of the website? - Photos of her vagina. With dedications. It wasn't porno or anything like that. They were sold online. - Artistic photos. - My face doesn't appear. There was no personal information. I don't know how they found out it was me. - Any idea who it could have been? - It could have been anyone. At that age they have too many hormones and a whole lot of attitude. Apart from the photos, have they sent any other type of message? Maybe a letter or something they left in your desk? - Something we can get prints from? - No. So far, everything's been online and on the class projector. You guys must have an IT department here, right? Lieutenant... we came here because of how you helped Alejandra no questions asked. And because you're an honest man, who won't judge Ada. Because you can stop this lowlife from humiliating a young girl, right? It made her want to kill herself. It's not about changing school anymore. They have access to her personal account, to her social media... So, please, help us. It's a case of tracking the IP address and finding out who is harassing her. Look, ma'am, I don't know what an IP is nor do I really care. What we have here is one or several little bastards harassing this young lady and, believe me, I'm not saying this as a cop, but going down the cyber-crime route won't help at all. Are you willing to go back to the school with me? Let's go then. - That's a real man, baby. - Right! CIVIL GUARD Hello, I'm Lieutenant Conrado of the Civil Guard, have a seat, please. Sit the hell down. Good. In the next 60 seconds, one of you will raise their hand and tell us all, here and now, who posted a photo of this young lady in art class and on social media. To tell us who degraded, humiliated and harassed their classmate, Ada. If this person raises their hand, they'll only receive a punishment here at school copying, "I'll never bully anyone again", 1000 times. But if they don't, I'll come in here with the cyber-crimes unit and they'll be sent to juvie for a year. And when they get out, I'll personally make sure pictures of their balls and their mug shot are shared through the same mediums as the photos of this young lady were. You got that? 15 seconds left. Fourteen... thirteen... twelve... Who'd want to be a bully for the rest of their damn life? Nine... - eight... - Please, they're just kids. Just kids? They've got more hair on their balls than you or I. Five... - four... - Can we talk for a minute, please? You wouldn't have gotten a confession from those kids, because the person who did it wasn't in this classroom. It was my eldest son. He's in the grade below. Do you know what your son did is a crime? I do know that. And I'm really very sorry. Do you know why he did it? I was in a relationship with Ada. A secret relationship. For three months. When I found out about the photos, I searched for her website and I called Ada to convince her to take it down. My son must have heard the conversation and seen the website open on my computer. That's a pretty interesting website and conversation for a 16-year-old boy to see and witness. One thing, Keila... you took the moral high ground with my daughter. You. After you denied being involved with her. After making it very clear you wouldn't sacrifice any part of your life to be with her? - You're a fraud, you know that, right? - And you've committed a crime. Conrado, you can forget the crimes now. It's an empty threat and we're not dealing with that. Lieutenant, please. I'm asking you not to take action against my son. I'll talk to him. If Ada wants to press charges, there's not much I can do. You're the kind of person who screws over everyone around them. Can you leave me alone with her for a minute, please? I can't help being in love with you. I can't help it. Bitch! Darling... I've sent you 25 messages in the last few days, you know. - Twenty five, really? - Yes, 25. - I swear! - My phone was stolen in the hospital. What do you mean the hospital? What hospital? I've had my appendix removed. So if I'm moving like RoboCop, don't worry. Are you serious? - Oh, Oscar! - Some of the stitches burst, too. - It’s a mess. - Was Alejandra there? They stole both of my phones, I had to buy a new one. Oh, honey. So you were all alone in the hospital? Nobody knew where you were? Alejandra thinks I'm still in Frankfurt. So, the girl from yesterday... I was just thinking about you and you walk through the door. - And you installed the text app for me? - Yes. Well, that's good. In the beginning we all do these types of things that deep down we hate, but we do them to win the other person over, right? For sure. I once when to a nudist beach with my wife. After we got married, I told her it'd been the worst experience of my life. Why? I was OK with it. But not for her. Everyone got to see her naked. I guess that at the beginning, we all subject ourselves to small shams that we consider white lies, but in reality they're not. And in the long-term they take their toll. I don't want to be alone and I don't care about gender. I just want somebody like... you to show up. And for them to come home every night for dinner. That's what I want. Tell me about it. I married a man who promised he'd be faithful until the day he died. I wouldn't want to trip into that. Being unfaithful. Threesomes, polygamy, all of that stuff. But if that's what you're into, I'd like you to tell me now. An app is one thing, but I'm very classic with everything else. In case we make love for the third time? Like your father said, I mean. I have to admit, my last relationship doesn't look that great on my resume... but I'd like us to give it a try. Although, if you're also starting a relationship with Verónica, I'll bow out. I want to give us a try too. Of course. Anyway, my mom says the classics never disappoint, so... Is that what she says? I'm sorry. I'll go get the bike and wait for you outside, okay? HE LIVES IN TARACUELLOS, CASTELLÓN 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 