The Pier: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pier 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pier (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 After a confusing night. "Martina" finally tells Veronica who really she is. Conrad shows signs of rage, while Alejandra discovers that Blanca has taken a thinly veiled creative interpretation of recent events. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Alejandra. I'm Oscar's wife. What? - Listen... - Get out. Get out. Go on. Get the hell out of my bed. - Let me explain. - No. - I won't let you explain. Go. - Please. Get out of my house. Now. Get out of my house. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you want from me? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? Do you want to humiliate me? I'm the one who was humiliated for eight years. Trust me. Why the hell would you give my daughter a horse? What the hell do you want from us, huh? What do you want from us? You came to my home and stole the love of my life, Verónica. You ruined my life, you can't kick me out of your house. - I never took anyone. - Really? - Oscar came because he wanted to. - Right. - I never took anyone. - No, you have a clean conscience. - Go! - Don't push me. - Get out of here. - Don't come near me! Does anybody have anything else to say? Yes, Alejandra? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'd like to tell you something. I know this is grief counseling but... I thought of something which might be part of the grief or maybe I'm unbalanced or maybe I'm just not over Oscar's death. I went to bed with his lover. I went into her home, I pretended to be someone else and deceived her, obviously, I looked after her child like she were my own and, as if that weren't enough, I ended up in bed with her, kissing her and... It's not an issue about sexuality, I'm not concerned about having sex with her. The thing is, we had a fight and I don’t know how to deal with... this hole I have inside of me. - Do you feel love towards her? - No, we're friends. We're... Well... I'm not really sure. I've realized I don't want to be away from her. That I need to be around her or something. Like in her orbit. I think Oscar felt the same way. The thing is I can't... I don't know if it's just that Oscar died and he was the love of my life and I can't get over the hole he left, maybe I've filled... that hole with her and now the space that's left is actually the one left by him but, I don't know, maybe it's the one she left. Look... often when we lose someone we become dependent on others. Just like Silvia did. Many other times the relationships that develop are real and genuine. They're sometimes more liberal than those before. - Right. - What I'm trying to say is... despite the fact she was your husband's lover and that this isn't a usual situation, that doesn't mean it isn't real. Okay? Okay. We'll leave it there for today, if that's alright? Sure. Okay, we're done here, guys. Thank you, all. Hi. I thought you'd stopped coming to group. No, no... I came to pay up and to apologize for my behavior the other day. I'm still coming. Maybe even for a few years to come. - Anyway... - Sorry, are there any developments in the investigation? No, not yet. I'm following the paper trail from your husband's bank accounts and the trips he took in the last months of his life. I'll let you know if I find anything. Hi, Montse. What is it? I heard you fooled around with Alejandra Leyva - and I don’t like it. - Really? Well, I heard you knew she was Oscar's wife. She was deceiving me in my own home, didn't you think to say anything? She's isn't well. She's going to grief counseling. I'm not well either. What's going on with you two? That woman and I... We’ve been very close at times. We've had fun, you get me? There is affection there that we have both felt and she asked for time. And you, who stole her husband, have to get in the middle, with that fire between your legs that destroys everything. So, what will you do? Ask you to stay away from her. You know what, Conrado? Your fucking job is to fine people and catch poachers, not to fall for girls you take to therapy. I'll stay away if I want to, but don't tell me what to do with my life again or where to put the fire between my legs. Hey! What the hell are you doing? Stop! What the fuck are you doing? Hey! Stop that, dammit! INCOMING CALL MARTINA Stop! - I got a call from forensics. - What? They're done with Oscar's car. You can stop by the impound to get it. I don't want that car. Verónica it's your daughter's now. You have to go get it. Anyway, you're going to need a car for a few days at least. Are you taking your meds? Go get the car. Conrado! Have you stopped taking your meds? Conrado! You're losing control and this won't be fun. Shit. - Mom. - Alex, we're coming to yours for lunch. I'm ordering in, okay? I have something to tell you. "Ariadna arrived at the morgue as scared as a little mouse. Absurdly, not forgetting her bourgeois education, she greeted those present and waited for the liturgy she'd seen so many times in the movies. It was him. Orlando. He wasn't abroad. He wasn't even alive." Didn't we agree you wouldn't write it. You have to tell Alex before she sees it in stores. Of course I'm going to tell her. Turning the story of her husband's polygamy into a bestseller is a betrayal. - Or do you think she'll thank you? - I'm not telling her life story. I'm writing an interpretation of her life. That's very different. I've been offered a literary prize, the possibility to sell my novel and adapt it for television. This is the first time I'll experience real success and my daughter will be incredibly happy for her mother. She doesn't look very happy. "The bed dominated the core of the house like a declaration of intent. The scene of lust was a magnetic field where she had orbited her husband, and now she... Ariadna began to spin out in a spiral of sex, desire and lies with a wonderful sense of lightness. While the stranger immersed himself between her thighs like a de... like a deep-sea diving suit? Ariadna saw her panties on the floor. With the two women lying opposite each other, Ariadna allowed herself to be touched. The other widow moved her hand towards her pubis and stroked her and Ariadna once again felt the rebellion of a virgin... crossing the threshold of desire for the first time. She had fallen into her clutches like a fly in a spider web." Thank you. Did you know about this? I didn’t. Well, I knew, but she said she wouldn't finish it. I did. My whole life, Mom. My whole private life on show in grueling detail, but with your judgment. Your cruel, contemptuous analysis and everything. But it's a true story. It could help some woman to learn from it. Learn from it? Learn what? To put your panties away when you have sex in a public restroom. - But only we know about that. - Exactly. - Nobody will make the connection. - Of course not! I'm sure when people find out the author's daughter lost her husband exactly the way it says here, nobody will make the connection. Nobody will think I was cheated on, that I can't make decisions, the... "The poor, trapped Ariadna walking the path of her late..." Jesus, Mom! You know what? All of the morbid curiosity, the whole part about the woman and the widow together, I don't give a shit about it. What really hurts is that this is how you see me. Like someone who depends on others, like the most gullible bitch on the planet. But when you consider you're the most selfish mother on the planet, Mom, we're even. Have you considered I see you this way, because it's how you are? You're dragged along by life. Eight years with a husband who came and went and you didn't once ask for an explanation. And now with that woman, coming and going, all over the place. And you're in therapy, begging someone to explain what you should do. - Alex. - Hi, baby. Hi, darling. I was just about to call you I won't make it home today. What's happened? One of the big Pharma companies we had 60 million invested in has suddenly dropped in the stock market and I have to stay and buy futures to try and prevent a huge loss for us. - You know how it is. - So you're staying in Frankfurt? I just have to stay a few more days, okay? - Is something wrong? - No. It's nothing, just the usual stuff. The client has decided on a whim they want a pool on the 36th floor and I'm having to re-measure the loads across the entire structure. I guess it's not such a bad thing. Your Pharma company going bust. When I get back we're going for oysters in honor of my pharma and your pool, okay? Great. And we can celebrate that we haven't seen each other. No, we'll celebrate that we have. Alex, maybe we're not the kind of couple... who spends 365 days a year together. Who are together every day, the good, bad and mediocre ones and when they go to bed they suddenly think, "I wish I was somewhere else in the world." We're not like that, Alex, we're... When I'm with you, I'm with you. I'm there 100% and I'm in love. Are you telling me we're like a pair of teenagers? Seeing your girlfriend on the weekend as your Mom won't let you out on weeknights? Is that what we are? Exactly and is there any less love? No, how could there be? There's more. Much more. It's a whole lot more. I listened to your message. - You never replied. - I know. How are you? Well... not very good, in all honesty. Know why? Because you and your husband have ruined my life. First I got attached to him and he left, then it was you and you lied. Leave. I didn’t want to lie to you. Do you want me to push you again? Get out of here. I'm not leaving. Alejandra... I can't be away from you. Verónica, listen to me... Nobody has ever screwed me over like this. I'm here, completely baked, because I can't do anything else. Because I thought I owed Oscar's widow something. After eight years, I thought, I don't know... that I should go and talk to her, tell her everything and be there for her. But you... You denied me the opportunity to say sorry. Go. Please, just go. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Whenever I'm Valencia, I always want to run away. Really? Why? I understand now why Oscar never left here. Why he kept coming back round. Like a planet. I'm so sorry for ruining your marriage. I'm sorry. I didn't even know. Martina, you came back! - Hello, sweetie. - Hi, darling. Why are you wearing clothes in the bath? Well, do you know what happened? When I got here it was really hot and I saw your mom here and got jealous, and I'm such a disaster that I forgot to get undressed. What do you think of that? Mommy, can we go ride Valiente? What a good idea! Going to ride Valiente. We're going to go as fast as we can, like a couple of cowgirls in the Wild, Wild West. By the way, where is Valiente? - He might have gone back in the house. - The house? In the house. Let's go see. Here you go. Have that. He's eating all of the vegetables. Are you okay? Yeah? Let's go. You know what? - I'm really craving a potato omelet. - Me too! Well, you're in luck, because that's my specialty. - What do you mean? It's my specialty. - Yes, it is. - She doesn't know how to cook. - She does! - She doesn't! - She does. Potato omelet and pasta are my specialties. - Have a contest! - Should we have a contest? Go! I don't accept it. She had a great time. Yeah. She really did. I didn't come here to intrude on your life. - I know. - I came because I needed to understand who my husband was and why he killed himself. Of course. I think Oscar was murdered. Why do you think that? Apparently he had a lot of money on him when he died. 1.2 million euros. It was the first time he'd carried that much money. Whose was it? Andrés Casteleiro's. He'd been laundering money for him for three years. Everything's fine. I just arrived in Santo Domingo. I'm taking the ferry to Panama, so you'll have the money in two days. Right, then you closed the operation from your air-conditioned office in the city and the money turned up clean, in one of Andrés Casteleiro's accounts. This key was with his things. That key isn't for anything. Nothing. It doesn't open anything. Do you know what it could be for? No, I don't know what it could be for. He received the last delivery two days before he died. Two days? Maybe he was killed for the money, or it was revenge or someone settling a score. There are so many lies now, I don't know what to think. What do you think? That if you think he was killed, I'm helping you find whoever did it. And then what? We'll think about that later. It's late. Do you want me to go? No. - I'm going to bed. - Goodnight. Where's my bed? I burned it. And all the ugly explorer outfits you had. And your bird books. I burned it all. Okay. - It's 10 am. - What's wrong? I'm late for work and Sol's late for school. Sol! I took her to the bus at 8:30 am and came back to bed. Thank goodness. Did you burn all of my clothes? But you can borrow something? Something for a meeting with architects? Let me think. No. Don't worry, I'll go by my place. Katia! I saw your missed calls. I'm at the doctor's surgery, but I'm on my way. I'll be there soon. Bye. This is it. May I? - Yes. - Thank you. It's the inheritance paper, it's all okay, right? Yes, but this vehicle has tickets and you have to pay them. He had loads but this one is for speeding. He was doing 105mph. - I never saw Oscar driving like that. - Me neither. But look at the last few tickets. So it was two days before - and he came back the day he died. - That's right. Where was he going? All the tickets from the last two months are at the entrance of a town. Taracuellos. Do you recognize that name? - Not at all. - Me neither. But Oscar was always going there. I think we have to go. Together. Let's go. Hey, Alex. Verónica, this is my best friend Katia. - Katia - Yes. Sorry about the other day. - Don't worry. - Let's go. - Can I talk to you a second. - Not right now. - It's really important. - So is this. It's about Oscar. - I'll call you later, okay. - Bye. - Sol? - She's not here, Oscar. Shit. She's on a field trip, she'll be back in four days. That's not it, dammit. This feeling of never being in one place. Well, you're here now... I'm not here or in Valencia or with Sol! - What's... - I don't have a minute to myself. Ever. I fly from one place to another, because I can’t make a decision. - Make a decision then. - What do I do? - Leave Alejandra? - I never asked you for that. - What are you saying then? - I don't know. The same thing I've said from the start. If you can't do this and it's hurting you, I'd rather you didn’t. - I still feel that way. - What the hell do you want then? I've been falling down a hole for eight years, I don't remember who I was. I've been falling down the rabbit hole for eight years, dammit. What are you talking about? Alice in Wonderland, I read it to Sol whenever I can. I see myself in it, dammit. I'm forever falling! Everything is lurching around me and I can't do this anymore. I went down looking for the rabbit and... and I became addicted to you or something. I'm not fucking consistent anymore. I don't know who I am. I don't know who I am or where my home is. You don't know where your home is? Oscar... I want you to leave. I'll go so you can get your stuff together. I'll be back when Sol is home and I want you gone, Oscar. - No, wait a minute, please. Please. - No, it's over. - That's not it. Let's talk about this. - No, it's over. I won't wait. - Let's talk this over. - You aren't happy. - You're not happy. - I am. I can't do this to you. I can't do it to myself either. - We're destroying each other. - Please, don't go. - You're not okay. - Please. - It's over, Oscar. - Please. It's over. Don't go! We have to call Conrado. Sure. But it'd better if you called him. Why? Well... I don't know how but he found out about us and we had a fight yesterday. He heard me talk about it in therapy. I should talk to him but... You went... to therapy to talk about how we kissed a little? I went to therapy to talk about how I kissed my husband's lover, yes. And that I feel weird. I'm not sure if it's because you're a woman or his lover or... because I liked it. Maybe you're a lesbian. Maybe I am. I wish I was! At least I'd be clear on something. That's Sol's. Let's see. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 