Steven Universe: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Steven Universe 
 s1e13 - Mirror Gem/Ocean Gem - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Steven Universe (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Mirror Gem/Ocean Gem - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ We ♪ ♪ Are in the future ♪ ♪ Here we are in the future ♪ ♪ And it's bright ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ ♪ I can't believe ♪ ♪ We've come so far ♪ Future" ♪ ♪ Here we are ♪ ♪ "Steven Universe: Future" ♪ ♪♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wow, Connie! You really have all this college stuff figured out! I've got a whole plan worked out for early admission to University of Jayhawk, but I'm still not sure if I'm going to major in political science with a minor in sociology, or major in sociology with a minor in poli sci. Did establishing democracy across the galaxy get you excited about politics? Maybe, but as far as long-term career goals go, I'm thinking more... down-to-Earth. Wow! 15 minutes went fast! Aww, these study breaks are so short! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I know, right? Oh, hold on, Connie! You left this brochure at my place last time. - Do you need it back? - Thanks, but I've got two more at home and you know, Internet! Oh, right... But you'll let me know when you wanna hang, right? Of course, silly! Alright, for real now, bye! ♪♪ Jayhawk, huh... Where's Beach City? Oh. That's really far. Garnet? You're still home? Steven. I could really use your advice. Hmm, come back to me later. I gotta split. I'm so sorry, Steven! I'm running late to my lecture on alternate timelines! Have a nice day with the scouts, beautiful! Mwah! Hey, Sapphire's got her thing, but you can still talk to ol' Ruby! Walk and talk, scout! I got things to do! Oh, okay! Okay, everyone! You remember what we learned last week, right? So... today is the day! Brace yourselves. We're gonna... sketch nature and animals! I'm gonna ask you to feel the beauty of everything that surrounds you. Draw it with your heart! And then you'll have the honor of receiving this "Nature Sketching Badge"! Let's go! No time to waste! So what did you wanna talk about? Every time I'm talking with Connie, I just realize that she knows exactly what she wants to do with her life, and I don't. When we're Stevonnie, I feel ready for anything. But on my own, I feel lost and stuck. I... Ruby, what do I want? Wow, that's a tough one. I know! Connie will probably go far away for college. And I'm gonna stay here not knowing what to do and so far from her! I want to stay with her, like you and Sapphire. Wait! All I wanna do is be with Connie, so maybe that means that... Connie is my future! Steven, Steven, Steven, Steven! Woop! Huh! Ah! Steven! Propose! What? Propose? Well, Ruby, I'm not... I'm not sure this is, uh... Don't say you haven't thought about it. I... Of course I have... Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Y-You sure? Buddy! It worked for me! And if you do it, you'll have the honor of receiving this... proposal badge! If you're not so sure... You should ask someone who can see the future. - Alright, class... - Sapphire! Steven, right on time. Sapphire! I'm sorry to interrupt your class! Ruby says I should propose to Connie, but she said to check in with you and your future vision! - I understand. - Let's run the numbers, shall we? Alright, class, using the concepts we've reviewed so far, we're going to calculate the probability of Steven's proposal to Connie succeeding. Let's start with the probability she will be willing to spend her life with someone. Then we'll multiply that by your differential factor of sociocultural marriage acceptance, which is then multiplied by the happiness potential of your cohabitation, multiplied by the factor for fear of engagement, multiplied by the intensity of the reciprocal love for each other, and finally multiplied by the robustness of your life plans. Are you following so far? N-N-No? Oh, no! Sapphire, your work! And there we have it. Do you understand, Steven? My marriage with Ruby, our fusion as Garnet, eluded my future vision, defied every odd, and changed the course of time! We can write equations in the sand all day, but a wave of chance can just come crashing in and wash it all away. Love... it's unquantifiable! Even with my clairvoyance, I know better than anyone that true love makes the impossible... possible! Do it, Steven. Do it! Do it! Do it! Yeah. Yeah! Alright, friends! Take a good look at this guy while you can 'cause today may be his last day as Steven Quartz Cutiepie Demayo Diamond Universe! ♪♪ ♪♪ Huh? Hey, Connie! - How you doin'? - Steven? What are you doing here? You're gonna have a 15-minute break in... two minutes, right? Whoa! Spot on. Connie, let's go for a walk! I'm sure you could use some fresh air. I would love to, but... No, no, no! Don't worry! We'll go with Lion, and I promise you'll be back in 15 minutes! Okay! Let's do this! You remember the first time we met? You mean when you were trying to ride your bike on the sand and you ran away screaming? Yeah, exactly! I was trying everything to get your attention! I'm pretty sure I was totally focused on my book and didn't see anything! Well, that all happened right here! Steven! This is... I remember it like it was yesterday! This is so cute. Connie, there's something very important that I want to say to you today. ♪ I'd rather be tall ♪ ♪ I'd rather be smart ♪ ♪ I'd rather be sure you know I care ♪ ♪ Wherever you go ♪ ♪ Whatever you start ♪ ♪ I'd rather be sure you know I'm there ♪ ♪ I'd rather I always be a part of whatever you do ♪ ♪ I'd rather be me ♪ ♪ With you ♪ ♪ Wherever we go ♪ ♪ I already trust ♪ ♪ I'd know what to do if it were us ♪ ♪ I'd know what to say ♪ ♪ I'd know how to be ♪ ♪ I'd know your entire syllabus ♪ ♪ I can't think of any other thing in the world ♪ ♪ I would rather do ♪ ♪ If I could be ♪ ♪ I'd rather be me with you ♪ Steven, that's so beautiful! ♪♪ S-Steven... Connie, will you marry me? What? Let's get married and live as Stevonnie! What?! Steven... maybe we should talk about this first? I know you might think I'm being sentimental, but this makes sense! For example, I don't know what you've been studying, but Stevonnie does! We can go to college together! Steven, come on, we're really young! You... You don't wanna be Stevonnie with me? Of course I do. But I want to be my own person too. Well, yeah... But... ♪♪ Is... Is it a "no"? It's a "not now," Steven. But if we're sure that we're gonna spend our lives together, why not say it now? We've got plenty of time. Don't worry. I'm not worried, I'm just happy to be with you, that's all. I'm happy to be with you too. It's just that... Oh, no! My alarm! Forget studying right now, it doesn't matter. Yes, it does. It's important to you. You're important to me! I'm fine! We'll talk about it later. Lion's waiting for you. Steven, a-are you sure? Yeah. I'll call you tomorrow at lunchtime. Good luck studying! ♪♪ I don't get it. Ruby and Sapphire said I should go for it. You can't trust love advice from those two hopeless romantics. Then why didn't you stop me? There was no future where you didn't propose to Connie. Of course. Your soul mate is your complement... not your missing piece. Ruby and Sapphire love being together, but they each have their own individual lives. Whatever hole there is in your life, Steven, I want you to understand that Connie... Stevonnie... won't be able to fill it. ♪♪ It's just that yyou make it look so easy! I mean, I hate to say it, but this is kind of your fault for being so... so perfect! I know you're upset, Steven. Well... Well, maybe shoving this adorable cake in my face will make me feel better. It really, really won't. I'm doing it anyway! I know. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ Just a little time ♪ ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 