Steven Universe: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Steven Universe 
 s1e12 - Monster Buddies/Joking Victim - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Steven Universe (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Monster Buddies/Joking Victim - full transcript 
 Steven urges Amethyst and Pearl to fuse together into a giant four-armed woman named Opal. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ We ♪ ♪ Are in the future ♪ ♪ Here we are in the future ♪ ♪ And it's bright ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ ♪ I can't believe ♪ ♪ We've come so far ♪ ♪ "Steven Universe: Future" ♪ ♪ Here we are ♪ ♪ "Steven Universe: Future" ♪ Oh, man, I can't get enough of this song! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Hold me now, hold me now, ooh! ♪ And that was "Can't Hold Me" by Emily King, just one of the many songs you can request tonight at the Starlight Roller Rink featuring DJ Sour Cream! I'm so excited for you to get out there and experience some interpersonal relationships with humans, Bismuth! Don't be afraid to show off your gem. They're going to love you for who you are. I hope I can keep up. The most important thing to remember is... Are you tired of shady mechanics bleeding you dry? Ahhhh! I love this song! - Bring it to Cams! - You mean this commercial? Turn it up! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Cams ♪ ♪ Camshafts is the place to bring your wreck ♪ ♪ Get your car repaired for cheap and fair ♪ ♪ Without risking your neck ♪ ♪ Cam's camshafts ♪ Here we are! Wow! So you mean to tell me people pay to have wheels strapped to their feet for fun? That is really something else... Hey, there's Sour Cream! Keep skatin' in circles. You're doing great. I don't know about this, y'all. I've never skated before. This'll be my first time skating. How'd you end up missing out on this popular human activity? Well, with everything that's happened since I got my powers, I've kinda missed out on a lot of human stuff. But hey, it can't be that hard to skate, right? Yoo-hoo! There you are! Yo, Pearl! Wow, so that's Pearl's fan club, huh? - They seem so... - friendly and interesting. It's like she has a whole other life going on. Steven, Connie, Bismuth, this is Khadijah, Jaime, and Brandish. They're just a few of my human friends. So have you guys known Pearl long? I've basically known Pearl my whole life. Pearl taught me how to use a sword. I guess I've known Pearl a, uh, few thousand years. That's right! Bismuth also built Little Homeworld. You're also an architect?! Somethin' like that. Hey, let's get our skates on. Okay. All right! - You ready? - Mm-hmm! Then let's get this... Whoa, is that Connie? Patricia! Daniel! What's up? Steven, these are a couple of my friends from Cram School. Oh, uh, h-how's it going? It's cool. You shoulda seen Daniel earlier. He was all bent outta shape cause his mom tore into him over his last test scores. Ugh! You know I kinda forgot about it for a sec. Heh, I know how that is. One time White Diamond tore into me... literally! She, uh, she took my gem. I'm part gem, by the way. She pulled it right outta my body. Okay... So what grade are you in, Steven? Grade? Uh, ah, sixteenth? So you're taking AP classes? Uh... Y'all ready to skate? Heck yeah. Ugh, I really blew that one. I bet if they were enemy gems, we'd be best friends by now. Hey, Steven! C'mon! All right, here I come! Wuh! Ungh! Whoa, are you okay? Yeah... It's your first time, right? Uh... Yeah! But... but I'm sure I'll get it! Do you want some help? No thanks, I'm okay. Whah! You can go on without me! I'll catch up. Oh. Okay! Yell if you change your mind. Don't worry about me! I'm already getting the hang of it! Wow, Bismuth, the way you skate is, like, marvelous. I love your flow. Well, you guys ain't seen nothing yet! Oop! Careful there! Bismuth, you're a natural! Now get this: when humans want to see each other again, they exchange numbers. You should try it. I'm sure you'll have fun! What are you talking about? I'm having fun already. Oh! Here, take this. Every human has at least one of these in their homes. Sometimes they even use it... For vandalism! Good luck out there! Wait, where are you going? You don't need me anymore, Bismuth! The humans already love you! I'm going to make some new connections of my own! Hello, fellow skater! Would you like a fresh roll? Have fun. Hey, Bismuth. You gotta show us more of those cool moves. Well, if you insist! Whoo! Unh! Okay, one lap. I think that deserves a break. Hey, Steven! Connie! Where are Daniel and Patricia? They're still having fun on the rink. Did you wanna hang out? I don't have to skate, you know. - No! No. - You're here to have fun! You're so busy studying, you should get to be with your friends. You're my friend. We could sit and have some tater tots! No, no. You should skate! I want you to skate! Well, okay then. What am I doing? Hey, Steven. Done tearing it up? Bismuth, I think I've forgotten how to talk to humans. Really? Have you tried using one of these? Pearl says it's supposed to help. - Maybe later. - What's the deal? I thought you got along great with humans! What about Connie and Greg? Greg's my dad. He doesn't count. And Connie, it's fine when it's just us, but I don't know how to talk to her when she's with her friends. You did fine making friends, right Bismuth? Oh, yeah, uh, it was all right. All right? It was what you came for, wasn't it? Ah, well. Um. W-w-w-wait... Pearl?! Bismuth, you're here for Pearl? Shhhh! Are you trying to hide it from her? I just don't wanna take her away from what she's got. She has her own thing going on. She's like the Pearl I remember, but a little different. She's happier. I just wanted to catch up. Yeah, when Connie and I were fighting to save the Universe, things were sort of easier. We were fighting the same fight. Now it's like we're living different lives. I wonder if I'm even her best friend anymore. How long has this been going on? Uh. A couple months. Listen, Steven, Pearl brought me here to set me up with her friends, but Connie came here to be with you. You've got nothing to mope about! But her friends think I'm weird! Of course you're weird! You're a Crystal Gem! Connie knows that. She's always known that! That never stopped you from being friends. You're right. Connie knows who I am. She's been my friend. She's still my friend. So what do you want?! To do friend stuff with Connie! And what are you gonna do? Skate with Connie! Then go do it! Connie! Ah! Steven? Steven! Are you okay? Connie, I'm sorry. I don't wanna hold you back. I don't mind. You've got Cram School, new friends, you're going places and I'm happy for you, but I feel like you're drifting away from me. I wish we could reconnect, but... But I don't know how to skate! Skating is what you're worried about? All right, everybody, it's time for our nightly skate competition. Everyone show off your sickest moves and be crowned skater of the night. Come on. I have an idea. Let's get this party started! ♪ In the middle of the day ♪ ♪ I call you over, but you always hesitate ♪ ♪ Used to tell me, "You should leave it up to fate" ♪ ♪ Now I know that I don't ever have to wait ♪ ♪ Close my eyes, let down my hair ♪ ♪ I'm thinking 'bout what I want, gonna take me there ♪ ♪ Turn the dial on the stereo ♪ ♪ I'm thinking 'bout who I want ♪ ♪ And I won't let go ♪ ♪ You can't hold me now, only I can do that ♪ ♪ You can't hold me now ♪ ♪ Only I can do that ♪ ♪ You can't hold me now, only I can do that ♪ ♪ You can't hold me now ♪ ♪ Hold me now, ooh ♪ I know them! I think we can agree who the winner is, unless somebody wants to follow that up? I guess that makes the winner by default, Stevonnie! Connie, thanks. Steven, Connie! That was amazing. What the heck was that out there? - Oh, fusion? - Yeah, that's kind of our thing. It's something I picked up from my mom's side of the family. The only thing I get from my mom's side of the family is stressed out! Same. What was it like the first time you guys did that? Okay, so we were at this rave, right? Yo, Steven, Connie! Since y'all won, you guys get to pick the next song! The next song? I know the perfect song. C'mon, Connie. Hey, Sour Cream. I got a song for ya! This one goes out to Bismuth and Pearl from Steven and Connie. Are you tired of shady mechanics bleeding you dry? Bismuth! It's my fave song! Remember: don't get scammed, bring it to Cams! ♪ Cam's Camshafts is the place to bring your wreck ♪ ♪ Get your car repaired for cheap and fair ♪ ♪ Without risking your neck ♪ ♪ Cam's Camshafts! ♪ Let's spice this baby up! Yeah! ♪ Being ♪ ♪ Being human ♪ ♪ Just a little time ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 