Steven Universe: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Steven Universe 
 s1e14 - Lars and the Cool Kids - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Steven Universe (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 14 - Lars and the Cool Kids - full transcript 
 Lars just wants to hang out with the cool kids but is afraid that Steven will ruin everything. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ We ♪ ♪ Are in the future ♪ ♪ Here we are in the future ♪ ♪ And it's bright ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ ♪ I can't believe ♪ ♪ We've come so far ♪ ♪ "Steven Universe: Future" ♪ ♪ Here we are ♪ ♪ "Steven Universe: Future" ♪ I know you're eager to chase the mail truck, Dogcopter... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...but the mail truck is a decoy. Good boys chase the blue car. Be a good boy, Dogcopter. ♪♪ Nice work, D.C. Now, get the bomb off the bridge. We're almost out of time. Dogcopter, no! Dogcopter, I can't lose you. Is this... what I think it is? Everyone's getting married but me. Ugh, I feel like poop. I wish the Gems weren't doing a field trip this week. I wonder if they have any reception. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Guess not. Hey, Steven. Hey, Dad. How's it going? The tour's been going great. What's going on with you? You throw any big parties while you got the house to yourself? Yeah you know me. But I-I'm really glad you're getting home tonight. I really need to talk to someone about what happened between me and Connie. Sorry, Steven, uh, what was that? Sadie and Shep have been working on a new routine. You'll never believe what they throw into the audience. Hey, guess what? The tour's been extended. Wow, that's -- th-that's great. Yeah, you know, you were so right about this whole manager thing, Steven. I love it. I can't believe I'm touring again. Oh, we're about to head into another tunnel, you want to call me back with whatever you wanted to talk about? I-It wasn't important. You sure? We can stop by on our way through Delmarva. No, it's okay. Just, uh, have fun. I-I shouldn't worry her. I-I'll let it go to voicemail. Huh? Steven, are you there? Hey, Connie. What's up? Steven. - I've been worried about you. Are -- are you glowing? Oh, a-a-am I? What's happening to your face? Why? W-What's wrong with my face? Uhhhhh... Oh, right, the swelling... My body just keeps randomly growing, but -- but it doesn't hurt or anything. It's fine. How long has it been happening? Since...this morning. What do the Gems think? I can't reach them. They're doing a school field trip out in the wilderness. It's nothing to worry about, anyway. You really don't look well. Maybe you should see a doctor. My mom could see you at the hospital. I wouldn't want to waste her time. Steven, you need to see a medical professional. Right, okay. You're lucky I had a cancellation today. Normally, I'm booked up weeks in advance. Think you'll be able to help him? Even if this is some sort of Gem issue? Gem issue or not, you have a human body, which means we can run tests. At the very least, we can determine if you're suffering from a non-Gem condition. See? I'll go wait outside. I'm sure it'll all be fine. Let's start with your symptoms. Hmm. Mild fever. Glowing pink color to skin. Hmm. Blood pressure is high. Well, these readings are certainly interesting. If you don't mind me asking, who's your G.P.? You know, - your general practitioner, your regular doctor? I guess you? I've never been to the doctor before. You're 16 years old, and you've never been to the doctor? I-It's okay, it's okay. I'll have a talk with your father later. We'll just need to run some more tests. Get undressed, and let's get you into a hospital gown. Is that one of those blue things that doesn't cover your butt? Yes. Now, let's get started. ♪♪ ♪♪ So, this is a typical human skeleton. Now, a couple of months ago, Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl allowed me to x-ray them for research purposes. Their charts look like this. Only their gems appear on a radiograph. And this... is your chart. Definitely a human skeleton. There's a clear history of numerous fractures, like here on the skull. Everything is perfectly aligned. It almost looks as if the bones healed themselves the instant the injuries occurred. That's good, right? Well, you seem to have made a series - of miraculous recoveries, but that doesn't change the fact that you experienced trauma. You've recovered physically, but... have you recovered mentally? You think there's something wrong with my brain? Not "wrong." It's that adverse childhood experiences, or childhood trauma, can have a lasting impact on how your body responds to stress. This can affect your social, emotional, and physical development. When humans are in crisis, the brain releases the hormone cortisol. Your heart races, your muscles tense. I wonder if your body is reacting to a Gem equivalent of cortisol. Steven, do you remember anything bad in your childhood that particularly stuck with you? I guess...I kinda freaked out when they cancelled my favorite ice cream. And then I got attacked by a giant bug monster. And I got trapped in a bubble and almost drowned. I lost control of my body and turned into a blob of cats. I almost turned so old I died. Amethyst almost died. Pearl did die. Garnet got destabilized right in front of me. I woke up with a black eye, imprisoned on a space ship -- Steven, this is serious. But that was just the early stuff. I think all these experiences have been subjecting your body to a harmful amount of stress, and that's affecting your ability to respond to new forms of stress in a healthy way. You've been dealing with genuine threats from such a young age, your body now is responding to minor threats as if your life were in danger. But why am I only swelling up now? Stress is less harmful when we have people we trust to help us through it. Maybe if -- if you're losing your supportive relationships Or if you had a recent experience that was particularly awf-- What's going on? Mom, what's happening? I don't know. I just asked if he'd had any stressful experiences lately. Steven, you don't think... It's not you, Connie. It's everything that happened before. What is he talking about? You haven't told your mom? Told me what? It's not your fault. I-I think I just need you to leave. This is a medical emergency. I am not leaving. Mom, us being here is making it worse. Aah! Oh, no. Please, just -- just go. Steven. I...can't... be around you right now! -Steven. -Dad? I'm here. Come on, Mom. Let's give them space. Right. H-How'd you know I was here? Connie called me about an hour ago. Connie... Thank you. Yeah. I'll be here when you're ready. Uh, Steven, I'm sorry. If I'd have known, I -- It's fine, Dad. You were busy, a-and I didn't know what was going on. Come on, Steven. Talk to me. I -- Uh, well, I, um... I proposed to Connie. You what? She said no. Oh, Steven. My body -- it's reacting like it's the end of the world. I think I've seen the world almost end so many times now that everything - that goes wrong feels that -- that extreme. I should be feeling so good these days. The Earth is safe, it's Era 3, but I'm -- I'm swelling up over these third-era problems. What do I do? How do I move on from all the stuff I've been through? How do I live life if it always feels like I'm about to die? It's gonna be all right, Schtu-ball. I'm here for you. I just... I want to go home. I guess I thought I could just follow Connie to college, like, if we got married, I'd know what to do with myself, but I'm the one that's got to figure that stuff out. Cut yourself some slack. It's okay to be worried and make some mistakes when you're figuring out what to do with your life. That's not unusual. Well, the magic swelling is a little unusual, but that's okay, too. If you want to be a giant boy, we can use the car wash as a shower. Dad, your tour! I've ruined your -- Don't worry about me. Just get some rest, kiddo. You don't have to solve all your problems in one night. Yeah. Thanks, Dad. ♪ Just a little something that I need ♪ ♪ Just a little time ♪ ♪ Just a little feeling gaining speed ♪ ♪ I'm dreaming of ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 