Planet Dinosaur: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Planet Dinosaur 
 s1e4 - Fight for Life - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Planet Dinosaur (2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Fight for Life - full transcript 
 In the late Jurassic, the enormous Predator X hunts in the European oceans. On the American land, the famous Allosaurus terrorizes its victims. However, there may be even larger predators stalking the terrain. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 We are living through THE golden age of dinosaur discoveries. From all over the world a whole new generation  of dinosaurs has been revealed. From the biggest giants... and the deadliest killers... to the weird and wonderful... From the Arctic to Africa. From South America to Asia. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Using the lastest evidence for the first time we have a truly global view  of these incredible animals. This time we journey back 150 million years to the Jurassic Period. A time when the first giant  killers stalked the earth. But these giants weren't  confined to the land. Recent discoveries have revealed an astonishing  new hunter in the oceans. These new giant killers posed  the greatest of threats. At the smallest debitage tipping  the balance between life and death predator and prey were locked in a  perpetual battle for survival. To understand this world 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 we must travel back 150 million years to a time when much of Europe  looked like the Bahamas. A time when these warm tropical seas  were home to giant predators. Some of which have left their mark etched in stone. This cliff face in Switzerland is carved with a series of enormous gouges and grooves. Many over nine meters long. The entire rock face is actually one huge fossil an upturned slab of Jurassic Ocean floor. And the marks were left by a predator as it hunted for food. Sharks like this squatina are similar to angel sharks  which still exist today. It's an ambush predator and lies in wait. But in these seas there are the hunters. This is Kimmerosaurus. They belong to a group called plesiosaurs. At six meters long they're one of the Jurassic Ocean's  most successful hunters. And also one of the most common. And it's this unusual hunting method that left its trace on the ocean floor We now know that the  rock face in Switzerland is etched with the marks  of hunting plesiosaurs. But these giants were  not the king of the seas. Many of the fossils show evidence of  having been violently ripped apart. Clearly there were much too much bigger predators lurking in these seas. In 2008, in an island in the high Arctic, a fossil was dug out of the frozen earth. Its skull alone was nearly twice that of T-rex. This was an enormous killer. A killer a like a which had  never been seen before. More than fifteen meters long  and weight about forty five tons this is the most powerful marine  reptile ever discovered. Twice as big as most Jurassic Ocean predators... This is Predator X the animal that must go down in history  as one of the ocean's most deadly hunters. And it's prey like Kimmerosaurus that are in its sights. Skull analysis of giant killers  like Predator X suggests that they  hunted their prey by smell... changeling water to  especially internal muscles allowing them to silently  hone in on their target. By an amazing very anatomy we've calculated that Predator X could move up to five metres per second - fractionally faster than a Kimmerosaurus. The kimmerosaurs only defence is to head for the  refuge of shallow water. This time Predator X's size works against him. Unable to hunt efficiently   in shallow water... ..means that the Kimmerosaurus  can use this as a refuge. A subtle advantage that makes the  difference between life and death. Predator X and Kimmerosaurus are just one example of a predator-prey relationship locked in a fight for survival. In the western states of North America is one of the richest  sources of dinosaur fossils. It's known as the Morrison Formation. Recently these rocks have given us a tantalising glimpse of how two dinosaurs adapted together to protect themselves against  another deadly predator... ..Stegosaurus and Camptosaurus. Fossils of these two species are almost always found in the same area. In 2008, footprints of the two were recovered from the same site. It seemed that they lived  alongside one another. But why would two unrelated plant-eaters live together? Stegosaurus - a heavily armoured tank with a deadly weapon  at the end of its tail... known as a thagomizer. Camptosaurus - a much smaller plant-eater with no obvious defences. Skull analysis shows that Camptosaurus has bigger eyes - and relative to its body -  a much bigger brain. Camptosaurus appears to be a lookout. While the armoured Stegosaurus  provides the muscle. It's likely Camptosaurus and Stegosaurus stuck close together  for mutual protection... ..in a world where danger is ever-present. Allosaurus - a one-and-a-half-tonne ambush  hunter with a lethal bite. The world had never known a predator like it. But haven't lost the elemental surprise it's now faced with the  prospect of either starving... or facing the most well-protected  giant of the Jurassic. But trick affordable from behind a predator needs to try to attack  the stegosaurs from the front. The evidence for encounters such  as these is incredible. So at finest 2008 directly link to  the great animal embattle revealing the unmistakeable signs of injury. A Stegosaurus back plate was discovered with a u-shaped bite taken out of it. A bite mark that fitted the Allosaurus' jaws perfectly. Even more amazing was an Allosaurus vertebra. It had a massive impact wound. The wound appeared to have been made by a Stegosaur's thagomizer. The blow being so powerful it punched a hole in the bone of the Allosaurs' spine. What's more incredible is that the injured bone  shows signs of healing. This Allosaurus survived. The balance of power between  predator and prey is a fine one. Prey continually evolve different strategies to avoid predators. Both for their bodies like Estegosaurus and their behaviour like Camptosaurus. And in the Jurasic's Oceans we have evidence to suggest that plesiosaurs protected their young... ..by finding sanctuary  in shallow water nurseries. But such lagoons won't always deter a hunter. And a rising tide gives this predator  a glimmer of hope. But in made shallow water the huge Predator X can't use its power. The smaller and agile Kimmerosaurus can easily outmanoeuvre the lumbering killer. However the Kimmerosaurus  can't permanently protect itself in this sanctuary. They need to venture into deeper water to feed. And that is where  Predator X has the advantage. Successful predators need  to play a waiting game. Allosaurus is the most common  killer in these lands. Nine meters long with a battery  of saw blade-like teeth a powerful clawed forearms - Allosaurus is a formidable hunter. It shares the plains with dozens of species of plant-eating dinosaurs. A lone Camptosaurus away from the protection of Stegosaurus... ..should be easy pickings  for a hunting Allosaurus. Allosaurus teeth was  so rated front on back perfectly evolved  for tearing through flesh. However recent research has indicated that Allosaurus' bite  was surprisingly weak. Calculations suggested its bite was  less powerful than a lion's - despite being seven times more massive. So just how did this Jurassic monster hunt and kill? The answer is with an element of surprise. Camptosaurus relies on its keen senses to avoid predators. Allosaurus by the other hand is a fast and powerful ambush hunter. Faster than Camptosaurus. A one-and-a-half-tonne killer  can't run fast for long. It's a question of speed versus stamina. It's might the apparent weakness let's bite Allosaurus did in fact have  a deadly killing method. Its skull could withstand a force more than 15 times as great as its bite. This meant that Allosaurus  used its head like an axe. Its strong neck muscles driving  its top jaw into its prey. with every impact the serrated teeth would tear through its prey's flesh. The victim dying through  a combination of shock and blood loss. it isn't precise it isn't clinical... but it's ruthlessly efficient. However making a kill never actually guarantees a meal. Because here Allosaurus isn't  the only killer in these parts. Saurophaganax. At twelve meters it is the biggest  carnivore in the region. And one of the  advantages of being so big is that stealing another's  kill is that much easier. Giant predators like  Saurophaganax and Allosaurus used their power and size  to dominate their domain and all those within it. And the story was no different  in the Jurassic oceans. These are the bones of Plesiosaur. They appear to have  been broken into fragments. And many of these show indications that they didn't die of natural causes. It looks more like  they were violently dismembered. One particular fossil  gives us a chilling idea of how these plesiosaurs might have been killed. It consists of a skull with a few vertebrae still attached but nothing else. All these dismembered fossils we found in deeper waters where plesiosaurs need to feed but where they're in the greatest danger. This animal is in  the worst possible place - hunting alone along surface where it's most vulnerable  to attack from below. In deep water Predator X can use its full power. Although injured and stunned this plesiosaur  is armed with a vicious bite. So Predator X still needs to be wary. Severely wounded now the only sanctuary is the shallow water of the nursery. Canal that exist by this bite is formidable estimated to be four times that of T-rex. Biting hard it is cutting through muscle and bone  before shaking it to pieces. It's almost certain that the  bite marks on the fossil plesiosaur were made in this way. And the position of  the marks also indicated the attack enterly came from below. The never-ending battle between predators and their prey is a finely balanced one. However for the most successful  and enduring predators, the struggle to survive  is always tipped in their favour. An predator like Predator X a killer with one of the  most powerful bites ever known... ruled the oceans for more  than 100 million years. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 