Black Earth Rising: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Earth Rising 
 s1e4 - A Bowl of Cornflakes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Earth Rising (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - A Bowl of Cornflakes - full transcript 
 Kate and Michael finish their work on Alice's case in France but are shocked when an indicted Rwandan and Congolese war criminal, Patrice Ganimana, implicated in the Genocide, arrives in the UK. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (SLOW MUSIC) The year before the genocide, I had taken a paratroop unit into Rwanda to help support the government troops. Our job was to train them to use a battery of mortars, but the FPR attacked before we had finished the training. For the records, please. The FPR? The Tutsi army. So we had to get involved ourselves. Otherwise, we would have been overrun. You actually fired the guns 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 against the Tutsi and for the Hutu regime? Clément Barré did not. But others did? Not him. But he was there? I mean, he was on the front line? Oh, yes. And, er, at this moment, during this time, he was killed? Yes. How? By an FPR bullet. So who was in overall command of the RPF? I'm sorry, the FPR - I'm used to the English. Monsieur Ennis, s'il vous plait... Who was in command of your attackers? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Alice Munezero. Alice Munezero, the subject of this prosecution? Yes. So, in effect, in your eyes, she was responsible for Clément Barré's death. Oh, yes. So, er, why do military records say he was killed in the Central African Republic? Because we should never have fired a gun in Rwanda, and officially we never did. And then? Where do you want to go? Pascal Patenaude. A year later, and the government we were supporting had lost control. We had failed. The Tutsi army was advancing rapidly and, in response, the Hutu militias began killing the Tutsi population. The genocide had begun. After that, all we could do was help evacuate French nationals. We heard there was a priest - we had to go and collect him. - Patenaude? - Yes. We arrived April 9th. April 9th... April 9th, it's almost three months before the date you gave us in your last interview. Yes. And when we found him, he had gone wild. Crazy. He said there were over 200 Tutsis in his church. Taking refuge? That he had locked them in and given the key to the Interahamwe. The Hutu militia. Yes. To do what? Kill them. He said he had no choice, but he didn't think they'd actually do it. He thought they'd just keep them prisoners. They killed them all. Looking back now, it's obvious, but then... Anyway, he couldn't forgive himself. He said he wanted to confess. But then this man arrived from the secret service. Tat Picot. Yes. Why was he there? Like me - to advise the old government, unofficially, and then to help mop up any embarrassment when it all collapsed. Obviously, Pascal Patenaude was one. Picot spoke to him and told him if he made this confession, the effect would be terrible for everyone. For yourself! For our president. For our nation. Everyone. So instead, he was persuaded to serve his penance in a different way. By giving up his old identity. I think he saw it as his rightful punishment. Either way, when Picot smuggled him out of the country, the name of Pascal Patenaude was left behind. Dead to the world. Which then provided for another opportunity. Being? Alice Munezero. We realised... Stop, stop, er, we? Who's we? Lieutenant Clément's father. Jacques Antoine Barré. Realised that this was a chance to bring her down. If he couldn't prosecute her for killing his own son, he could do it for killing someone else's. - Like Madame Patenaude. - Yes. All we had to do was change the dates a little to match up with after Munezero's unit had passed through. That wasn't that simple. No. But Picot provided the witnesses, I backed them up, and the last judge before you, who launched the case, worked with Barré, at the Elysée. Why would he do that? You have to understand, this case would give us all the chance to prove that not every Tutsi was innocent, and so we were not absolutely wrong to have backed the Hutu government. Except that you were. Absolutely. And you? Why are you telling us? Self-evidently, we have failed. And, anyway, I've become tired of lying. I'm a soldier, not a politician. Or a lawyer. Yep. I'm sorry, I still don't get it. I think I've just explained. No. No, I don't think you have. Why isn't this interview being conducted in French? Because most of the defence team speak better English. Alice Munezero's defence team speak better English than French? Yes. Then, Mademoiselle, you have your answer. Général, I ask you to confine yourself to your primary residence in the expectation of a warrant for your arrest. KATE: Really? All this, just because one side spoke French, the other English? What's the national language of Rwanda today? English. 25 years ago, it was French. It's the Great Game, Kate. Sure, they're not wearing pith hats or big moustaches any more, but they're still playing it. Win or lose. (LINE RINGS) Alle? (MELANCHOLY MUSIC) (MUSIC CONTINUES) (DOGS HOWL AND BARK) (DOOR CRASHES OPEN DOWNSTAIRS) (GUNSHOT) (DOGS BARK) (DOG GROWLS) I am free. At last, I am free. (APPLAUSE) After over a decade, this yoke... No... This manacle has finally been broken from my neck. And not just mine. From around the throats of every single Rwandan, each and every one of whom I represent here today. This was an entirely fabricated prosecution, placed upon me by a political, military, legal and economic elite, intent both on masking their own personal culpability in aiding and abetting the architects of the Rwandan genocide, and who were also determined... (CHUCKLES) ...even today, to remind the poor black African that they are the ones who hold the keys to our liberty, that they are the ones with the whip hand. But we did not accept it. By taking this action, by proving the complete and total fallacy of their accusations... ...we have snapped the collar, ripped the whip from their hands, broken it and thrown it at their feet. And I am here today to look them in the eye and say... ..."We are your equal. "We are not afraid." So now, when I return home, my head will be held high, my past will have been reclaimed and my future will be in my own hands! Because, at last, I am free. Free! Free. (APPLAUSE) (SIGHS) (PHONE RINGS) MICHAEL: Yeah... Quite a speech. - You think? -Mm. You took no prisoners. Well, look what they were trying to do to me. Doesn't give you much of a way back, though. To where? Here. Disagree. I think this is them trying to find a way back to us. Them saying there's a part of their past that no longer represents them. After all, look at me. I am free! And I would not be without you. You keep the photo I gave you? Of course. Remember I said I would give you something else? Well, today is the day. Don't be shocked. This is a scrap from the shirt you were wearing when Ed Holt found you. They cut it off you when Eve took you to the hospital. I kept a piece. Why? Because it's your past, Kate. It belongs to you, and I want you to have it back. But why... ...why now? Because you're ready. What for? Wow... What? Patrice Ganimana. What about him? They got him - in a private hospital in London. How? I don't know. But there he is. He was in the DRC. Now he's in the UK. How did that happen? We're not sure, but we are happy. No, we are... ...ecstatic that this man, one of the genocide's key architects, has finally been winkled out from whichever deep, dank hole he has been hiding these many years. You think he's been forced out into the open? Who cares? As long as he's there. Inn london? Ah, well, it is not only Patrice Ganimana who is about to face the white light of public scrutiny. But it's with a Western court system that just set Alice Munezero free. From an indictment which should never have been brought forward in the first place. Still, an incredible achievement. Yes, it was. And an impassioned speech. She'll be returning home a national hero, surely. Of course. And...possible future president? (CHUCKLES) Of course, yes. Where I come from, it is perfectly possible to serve your country without actually wishing to lead it. Is that why your president faced no viable opposition during your last election? It is why we regard with the utmost suspicion all those who would seek to instruct us on how to behave. And yet you're happy to see Patrice Ganimana appear before a UK court. As I've said, many times, we are happy to see justice done wherever it can be delivered. It is just that I have indeed said this before, many times. So we can only hope that, this time, it actually will be. David Runihura, Special Advisor to the Rwandan president .. (HANGS UP) (MUSIC) (SHORT BEEPS) (SHORT BEEPS) (SHORT BEEPS) (SHORT BEEPS) (MUSIC CONTINUES) LIFT: Door closing. Going down. So, Michael... KATE: That is way too strong. -So? - So add some milk. It's after 11. -So? - It's against the law. What law? I don't know, but we're lawyers, so we have to obey it. Salud! (GASPS) Sure you don't want some? You should know I am not the nominated first aider. Don't need one. Nothing can kill me. Not today. It's official! I used to tap-dance. - Yeah? - Yeah. Regular Gregory Hines. Although, these days it's more like... That, er, that elephant in Dumbo. That's a little harsh. - I would have settled for Dick Van Dyke. -Hm. First film I saw. - Yeah? - Yeah. The only black faces were the chimney sweeps. I knew then I was going to have to make a whole lot of adjustments. And yet here you are! Here I am. Completely maladjusted. You seemed to handle the French judiciary pretty well. KATE: Meds - they must've kicked in. MICHAEL: Along with an unreconciled sense of personal anger. KATE: Oh, yeah, and that. MICHAEL: Well, let's see if we can get that last bit under focus. Patrice Ganimana... So, he came in from South Africa on a Congolese passport as... ...Jean Sinyamenye. So, no alarm in the manifest. So how come they found him? He used his own name for the hospital admissions. They checked his records and up he popped. That's weird. He might not have been thinking so straight, he's in for some kind of head cancer. Looks like he's got a good chance. Unless the surgeon just cuts an artery and has done with it. I prefer the letter of the law to be our scalpel, if you don't mind. - For now... - For ever. And here's how. Our old friend, the European Arrest Warrant. I had a cherry tree like this once. Nothing, and then the year before it died, it couldn't pump ‘em out fast enough. Six months from now, you're going to need a visa just to go over there to buy a pack of fags. You think that's why he's come here now? Better chance of resisting extradition? No, he's toast. Which is just about all he can eat right now. Police! Open it. POLICE OFFICER: Stay there! Mr Ganimana? Patrice Ganimana? Do you speak English, Mr Ganimana? Is this the only electronic media you have on you or in this room? Patrice Ganimana, this is a European Arrest Warrant issued by the Crown Prosecution Service of the United Kingdom for your arrest and detention under Article 25, 3a... Hiya! You are? (TUTS) Um... His lawyer. You? I'm about to arrest your client under Article 25... 3a of the Rome Statute. For the enlistment of children under 15, plus a number of other indictments, all issued by the International Criminal Court, 30th August, 2007. You've dropped something. I'll leave it as a tip. Why do you want his iPad? - As evidence. - Of what? Contacts. Search history. You mean beyond "lump, neck, cancer"? - We'll see. - No need. I've had it checked already. You see how this is going to go? Not till I've read him his rights. Marvellous! "Let the wild rumpus begin." The charge sheet against this man contains some of the worst indictments against any individual I've ever read. Oh, yeah - war crimes, crimes against humanity... The big boys. And yet you feel it's appropriate to make an allusion to, what was that, a children's book? (SNORTS) Well, it's a wonderful book. Really, it is. I gave... Well, actually, I bought it for all my godchildren. And that was before I realised that... ...all they really wanted from me... ...was my money. And you're a God-fearing man, are you, Mr...? Gaines, Blake Gaines. Let's see, shall we? Go ahead, Detective. Play your role. Patrice Ganimana, I am arresting you under Article 25, 3a... MICHAEL: Why are you here? No, why are you here, in this country? Why do you think? MICHAEL: Ganimana? You know where Frank is? Back in Kigali. You know why? Because, suddenly, I am a national hero. Yes, you are. Yes, I am. And why is that? You beat the West. I beat the system. So, do you know what I have to do now? Make sure the system doesn't go and beat me right back. I go back home, and every word I say... people will listen to. And if I tell them to support this prosecution and it collapses, then straight away I've lost their trust. If I tell them to reject it, and it succeeds... ...the same again. So... Until I know exactly what is going to happen... ...I'm going to say nothing and stay put. It might be a while. Then hurry it along. Why did Frank go back? His personal stock has gone through the roof. And when you run the bank... You're everyone's favourite investment. That worry you? It's all regulated. But people aren't. And he's a jumpy one. Always has been. Maybe because he feels that he has to fluff his feathers up around you. Me? I don't run a bank! No. But... ...you have the key to my heart. (LAUGHS) Oh, if only that were true. The embassy still putting you up at that shitty apartment of theirs? Sleeping so much better now I have a shawl for a curtain. More worried about the mattress. Why don't you stay on mine? You are suggesting that your mattress is less stained with bodily fluids than the one I am presently sleeping on? Yeah, I can see what you're saying. What I was doing there was following the logical line of the humour and, erm... ...it looks, er, it's left me rather exposed. Rare for a lawyer of your standing. Won't happen again. (THUD) (MICHAEL EXHALES SLOWLY) The fact of your client's absence places this hearing in unusual circumstances. It does, ma'am. Mr Ganimana is undergoing an emergency medical procedure. And, as he does not wish to put a pause in proceedings, he's asked me to appear on his behalf. Your client is fully aware of the extradition proceedings and its cause? Mr Gaines? He is, ma'am, yes. And, as representative of your client, are you in a position to indicate whether or not he would be willing to consent to the extradition proceedings? Iam, ma'am, yes. And that indication is? Ma'am, my client does not consent to the extradition order. On what grounds? In light of the recent tragic events surrounding the unlawful killing of two people on the premises of the International Criminal Court, the personal security of my client, and indeed of his legal representatives, cannot be guaranteed. Thank you. Can you offer any estimation of when your client may be fit enough to attend court? Two weeks, ma'am. Very well. (MICHAEL HUMS) Michael! (EXHALES) Oh, my God! You really are half the man you used to be. Thanks. But then maybe that's because you were half a man to start with. - I don't know. - Fuck off. Pleasure. No legal aid applications? Are you giving up on charitable cases altogether? Financial lectures from a man in, erm... Well, what are those? Loakes? You noticed. Everything. Everything, Michael. And that's why I know this case will fail. Is this how you do it? With your clients? Yes, well, you see, the thing about limitations... ...I just haven't met mine. You haven't faced me in court, though, have you? OK. Spassky v Fischer - which one are you? Spassky. - Don't always make the wrong choice. - I haven't. Choosing him over an anti-Semite with a paranoid personality disorder... It's hardly a contest. Yeah, well, maybe that's why my clients only ever pick a winner. That's me. New chauffeur. Breaking him in. I'll bet you are. So, I should go. I hear you've got cancer. No. I understand. But how long, do you suppose, before it comes back? Now you really should fuck off. That's not what I meant. Right now, life must feel pretty precious to you. So don't go and waste it on this. Hm? Don't. That charitable enough for you? - (PHONE RINGS) - Shit! Shit! Shit! Yes! I have Capi Petridis, Office of the Prosecutor, ICC. Yes, straight on, please. Michael? Capi! Tell me it's not true. It's true. Shit! Since when? Three weeks now. And you didn't think to tell me? We had to investigate it first. And? And it's as you've heard - 12 key witnesses have withdrawn their statements against Ganimana. You're sure? Why? Why do you think? They've been leaned on? More like terrified. By who? If we knew that, we wouldn't be where we are. Which is? I'm about to issue a formal notice of withdrawal. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Without those witnesses, we cannot prosecute Ganimana. You're killing the case. No, I'm withdrawing it. You're killing the case. Without prejudice to the possibility of bringing a new case, should additional evidence become available. Don't use that fucking language with me, Capi! And don't use that language with me. We lost 12 key witnesses. What other choice have I got? Guarantee the safety of the witnesses. EUNICE: You mean like I hadn't considered all the options because I've been sitting here, waiting for you to call me to tell me what to do? MICHAEL: I'd like you to revisit your options. OK, yeah, sure. (GULPS) Eunice? (SLURPS) Uh! I'm here. I thought you were drowning. I'm having to drink a bunch of water. Why? It's supposed to stop the cravings. I don't know, feels like a shark attack from the inside. So, our options are - we have none. - There's got to be something we can do. - Well... I don't know, I guess maybe we could go all in and annex the whole of the damn Congo. Might take a few years, might cost a few million lives, but you know, if it's the only way... The ICC has always been vulnerable to this kind of thing. The cases it prosecutes, the locations they're in - witness protection will always be an issue. It's one of the major question marks we've always had about the Court's viability. Yeah, that and the fear that one day they may try and prosecute a US president. (CHUCKLES) I'd love to see the witness protection programme on that one. Michael, am I missing something here? What? Well as tragic as this story may be, it's actually not one we're interested in. No, but I am! Why? Because he's a genocidaire! He needs to be prosecuted. That isn't our destination. We agreed. He's being represented by a fucking Rottweiler. So? So the fucker told me I wouldn't stand a chance. This about your ego, Mikey? Some kind of dick-measuring contest going on here? I think you know what this is all about. Nope, the male reproductive organ is a complete mystery to me. In fact, mostly, it just makes me laugh. It's about all of us. It's about you, me, Alice, Eve, all of us not repeating the mistakes of the past. And if I have to turn away from a case, once again, for reasons of political expediency, I don't think the old prostate could take it, not a second time. Wait... You think what you think makes you ill? It's something my mind keeps suggesting. A guilty conscience doesn't give you cancer, Michael. For fuck's sake, you're not in some Gothic novel! Eunice, I had a monk turn up in court the other day...in full habit. I don't know what gives you cancer. Fukushima gives you cancer. But you sure as shit won't get it sitting there dithering over the fate of some junior asshole who just wandered in from the Congo. Am I making myself clear? As an MRI. Good. Remember the destination. We need Alice Munezero back in Rwanda, enjoying the hero's welcome she so richly deserves. Drop that case. (DOOR UNBOLTS) Michael! Harper! - Erm, you're after Jenny? -Um... She's had to go out, I'm afraid. There's some kind of emergency case she has to hear. You know, erm, it's... Is it late? It's late. No. Not at all. Come, come on in. Can I get you something? A coffee...? Oh, no, no. Thanks, Harper. Actually, if I could just... Yeah, of course, go upstairs. Would you mind? No. Go on. A case I just had in France... Guy tried to get revenge for his son. Yeah, I read about it. Congratulations. He did some very bad stuff. Yeah, for which he was caught. Thanks to you. Blew his brains out in his kid's room. - Oh. - Thanks to me. Yes, well, he shouldn't have tried to do what he did. No, he shouldn't have. He was only doing it for his son. I think it'd driven him mad. He'd kept it just like this. Probably wasn't wise. Oh...it's 25 years. Yeah, it was. But with Hana it's only... - Three years. - Three. And they still think there's a chance. Of what? Maybe the kindest thing to do is just let her go. Well, only you can decide that. You and Jenny. But if there's a chance, you've got to hold on to it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah... (TAP DRIPS) (GASPS) (SOBS LOUDLY) (DOORBELL) Are you OK? Do you know what this is? No. It's blood. My blood. Did you cut yourself? From a piece of cloth Alice gave me just after her speech in Paris. Apparently, it's what I was wearing when Ed Holt found me. Ah. She keeps giving me things. First it was a photo. Of what? Of, er, her, Eve, Ed, you. And now this. Why does she keep doing that? What did she say? Something about my past. Then that's what it is. Why? You're in mourning. Most people just go to their family album. Whereas with me, it's just a bit of a bloodstained cloth. Are you going to invite me in? Yeah. KATE: It's got a combination lock. I don't know it. MICHAEL: Try 0-4-9-7. Or not. Maybe I should take it to a church féte, give everyone a go. Win a prize. Hm. You got anything to eat? Lucky thing the milk's fresh. Yeah. Well, that's a tip I picked up from MasterChef. - Sugar? - Really works. Did you actually shoot a polar bear? Well, yes, I did. Erm, no, I didn't - I missed. Not that I meant to. Big moment, though, that - meaning to. Why did you? He wasn't coming after me...yet, but he might've later, and that was my only chance to get him first. Did he come back? Nope. Then a lucky day for both of you. But if I'd shot him, I wouldn't have needed luck. Why were you there? I was a lecturer for a while. We'd taken some students on an expedition. Ah, context! Thank God. Now I can steer the jury away from the mental image of a couple of backpackers strung up in your smokehouse. Whereas, in fact, I had admissible exonerating circumstances. Except other people wouldn't have thought twice about it. They'd have just...pulled the trigger. Yeah, well, with me, I'm always looking to see whether the end justifies the means. Where did you learn that? It wasn't at law school. Childhood? You know, essentially, I see Bordeaux as a blood replacement product. Tell me about your childhood. You already know everything about mine. (SIGHS) My father died young. My mother saw him in me, and my step-father hated what she saw. Both a couple of outsiders, then. Backs to the world. But not in here. Do you want another bowl of that in the morning? I've shocked you. A little. Told you not to trust me. You also told me you were my daughter replacement. And that's not true? No. I still have a daughter. And I'm not looking for a father figure, or anything else, so we're quits! I have cancer. What? Well, erm... I mean, I'm having it. Or I've had it. At any rate, I'm being treated for it. It's, er, it's curable? Yeah. But it's in the prostate. Oh. - You know where the prostate is? - I know where the prostate is. Good, cos, er, they've had to operate and... Igetit. Yeah, well, fall for the older man, this is what you get. I don't care. Ido. Ido. Right now, you're the most beautiful man I've ever seen. And you're the kindest. I don't mean to be. You never do. That's what I love about you. So it's not a definite "no", then? Definitely not now. More like a post-surgical sabbatical. OK. Thank God! I'd hate to see all this go to waste. Not a chance. Best meal I've had in years. I know why you came here. Patrice Ganimana. They're dropping the case. - Yes. - Yes. And you know what I'm going to tell you, don't you? Don't let them. (CAMERAS CLICK) Good morning. The International Criminal Court and its prosecutors owe Patrice Ganimana an apology for bringing proceedings based on false witnesses and impugning his integrity. REPORTER: Just because the case has collapsed doesn't mean he's innocent. I beg your pardon? If I was to accuse you, sir, of grievous crimes against humanity, or someone else of genocide, here, on the world stage, would it make you any more guilty just because of the great noise that accompanied the accusation? Hm? No. The error - and it is a great one - lies with the accusers, not the accused. In the eyes of the law, in the eyes of justice, my client is, has always been, and will remain... _..will remain... ...an innocent man. (REPORTERS SPEAK AT ONCE) (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) We have today delivered a request to the UK government for the extradition of a Patrice Ganimana, to be tried by our own domestic courts. We accuse him of participating in the organisation and execution of the genocide in our country. Western justice belittles our judiciary for not being fit for purpose. But when its own system so flagrantly fails to deliver the justice our people most deserve, then we will - and we must - deliver it for them. I do this in the name of President Mundanzi and the people of our country! Thank you. (CHEERING) Eunice? Fuck, I feel faint! Whoa! (GROANS) It's OK. I'm OK. So, let me try and get this straight. The ICC have dropped the Congo case, but the Rwandans want to pick up on the genocide? - Yes. -And... ...there's a chance Ganimana will be extradited? Yes. And if he does, it won't go to the UN, it'll go to the Rwandan domestic courts. Yes. Then President Mundanzi's approval rating will be so high, her head will be knocking up against the space station. Yes. That cannot happen to Alice. No. We're being outplayed. So do something. MICHAEL: I'm sorry, David, I can't help you. Michael, Eve was your junior at the ICTR. It was under you that she gathered a huge file on Ganimana. Not directly. And anyway, then she decided not to pursue it, which... But now we can. And I'm asking you to help. How? We'd like to see Eve's file. They're in the tribunal records. No. It was never submitted. This country turned down your last extradition request on Article 6, right to a fair trial. Is that a "no"? You don't offer a fair trial. You are not a judge. Of people? I'm not too bad. Then I must be, because I thought you were a better man than this! (MICHAEL SIGHS) Did I leave the door open? Who was that, that just left? David Runihura, Rwanda's... Special Advisor to the President, yes, I know. What did he want? Not now, Kate. My, my! Are you asking the little girl to run along? Weird, because not too long ago, I got the distinct feeling you were thinking of sleeping with her. What? No, no... That's not right. What did he want? Assistance. With the extradition? I can't tell you that, Kate. Because you're pissed with me? Or because you turned him down? Because of client confidentiality, as if I need to explain that! Is he a client of yours? No. - So, you just made that up. -Idon't know, Kate. Where do you suppose the line is between boundaries? Because you're having such an easy time crossing them! Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure, Michael, but, you know, can you still tell me where the centre of my life is? Or has that line just been snapped?! No. I asked you not to let them drop the case. I thought the UN would pick it up. But not the Rwandans? I'm actually feeling a little dizzy. You keep going on about bridges and destinations and all that shit. But the thing is, Michael, this is the destination - bringing a genocidaire to justice. And if that means extraditing him to Rwanda, then what the fuck are we waiting for? It's not that simple, Kate. It is to me. It should be to you. Man, this is not good. Oh, you Westerners... I'm still switching the shower on and off just to see if it works! Ganimana's lawyer thinks we're playing chess. He's a grandiose prick, but he has a point. So long as we are winning. He has me down as a pawn, and it seems I'm already off the table. Where am I? You're in check. You cannot check a queen. You're not the queen. And if she gets Ganimana extradited, it'll make everything you did in Paris look like nothing so much as a curtain raiser. For her star turn. Checkmate. So, we've got to hope they fail. That's the thing - Runihura came to see me today. Why? He wanted help. What did you do? I said no. We both know who that man is. We both know who Ganimana is, too. One of the world's most evil men. I should've said yes. I will bring Ganimana to justice. When? When this is done. I understand, this must be very testing for you. Testing? Alice, my moral compass is spinning so fast, Chuck Yeager would bail out. Ms Ashby, we have our problems, but we are determined to overcome them. Come out and see for yourself. Our legal system has made such huge strides in the last few years, and today we are more than capable of handling a transfer case such as Patrice Ganimana's. And if you don't take my word, then take... ...Holland's, Canada's, Denmark's - all of whom have recently agreed to extradition. I'm just a junior investigator. Who was clearly of great assistance to Alice Munezero in Paris. Now I hope it will be the same again, but this time not just for one person but for a country. The country of your birth. What if you didn't like what I found? (LAUGHS) Then...then you would be entirely free to say so! But I don't believe you will, otherwise I would not ask. So... Of course, in building the case against Ganimana, we will need all the evidence we can possibly find. You know that a file was prepared against him for the tribunals in '97? But for some reason, they were never formally submitted. - Oh. -Hm. Which is particularly unfortunate when you consider who it was written by. Your mother. And we wondered if, in fact, she might've kept a copy here, in this country. I have no idea. Why would you? But perhaps you could help us...locate it? - Ask Michael. -Idid. He said no. Which is very strange. Wouldn't you say? Ms Ashby... ...I believe your mother started something very important with that file. Please help us to finish it by bringing Patrice Ganimana to justice. (LIFT BELL DINGS) Mr Gaines? I'm Kate Ashby, Eve Ashby's daughter. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry about your mother. Not so much you didn't use her name in court. Well, that's all immaterial now. - Not to me. - Of course not... Or to the families of the 800,000 Rwandans whose murder your client helped organise. Hm. Those weren't the charges brought against him, as I'm sure you're well aware. They will be. One day. By you, Ms Ashby? I'd surely love that. Hm! You play chess? I heard you already tried that one on my colleague. I think you'll find your colleague is actually your employer. Hm... But just to let you know, I'm definitely Bobby Fischer. - Uh-huh? - Yep. Because up here, I'm completely fucked. But the danger for you is I don't give a shit. Are you here to see me? I already have. - Mm-hm. - Tell your client he'll never be free. Huh! Can you hear that? It's piss in my boots. KATE: You should get that checked out, a man of your age. (LAUGHS) Oh, yeah, and the last word goes to? Me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 