Black Earth Rising: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Earth Rising 
 s1e8 - The Forgiving Earth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Earth Rising (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Forgiving Earth - full transcript 
 In Rwanda, Alice Munezero languishes in custody. In the Democratic Republic of Congo, Kate fights against hostile locals as well as international forces to prove the truth of her personal ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You are using bad laws to make sure no-one can say anything you do not want to hear. Repeal them. You have already done that for me. You gave me no choice. Nor you me. We are one people now, and anyone who highlights the difference between us is creating division. And anyone who refuses to inform the people of their complete history is doing the same. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And where there's division, conflict will always follow. Always. We have a duty to memory. If I were you, you know what I would do? Tell them now. Everything. Now, when the going is good. Now, when they do not care. Before it is too late... ...and they blame you... ...for everything. You expect me to take your advice? You have before. Hm. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You see this? We pretend it's because I can't hear anything. It's not. It is to stop me from having those fits. They have returned? Yes. Maybe it is the guilty conscience. (CHUCKLES) Yes, well, it has been said. But I think it is most likely linked to seeing my dead family floating around in a river. Actually, the last time I had it as a child, I was with you, sitting on that bank, surrounded by dead cattle, remember? They'd been poisoned by the water, and everyone was screaming at me for letting them go down there. And I took the blame because you... ...told me it was the only thing to do. Let them believe it was the strange white-eyed girl. Even though you and I, we both know it wasn't me who led them there to drink. That was the last time I took your advice. I won't be taking it again. You see? Everyone has bits of their past they choose to forget. Even you. (THEME MUSIC) Here. And the wreckage? Way, way away... ...into the forest. KATE: Edward Holt. 41 years old. GUIDE: We only found it because the farmers are burning for crops. Please, get it restored. Whatever you do, the forest will always take it back. Always. Doesn't mean we should forget. Where are you going? (SIGHS) Something else to remember. (FIRES CRACKLE) (SIREN WAILS) Michael Ennis? Out here? Not sure. My name's John Newfield. I'm a probate officer for the estate of Blake Gaines. The barrister? He died recently. I know, I saw him just before. We've been trying to get in contact with you. Why? You've been named a beneficiary of my client's estate. Blake Gaines? Are you kidding? Well, he left you this, with strict instructions for it to be given to you in person. Is it a Porsche? Should I check for wires? So who the hell are you? Six years aga, we saw an opportunity to create a mining business in the Sankele region of Eastern DRC. At that time, we also established a charitable foundation, the Sankele Foundation, where we, Kromin, funded the construction of schools, hospitals and a church. This is a responsible business enterprise helping to create and maintain a place of stability, a place of opportunity, but most of all, a place of peace - for us, for the people and for the region. I thank God for the opportunity. Smug little shit. (GROANS) HARPER: (READS) ...this went on bitterly. He said I'd end up as a janitor if I was lucky. It's what fathers say to keep us safe. Ah, Mikey. Whatcha reading? Oh, The Forgiven by Lawrence Osborne - very good. What about? It's set in Morocco, bunch of white people failing to understand the world in which they find themselves. - Oh, my God, am Iin it? - (HARPER LAUGHS) - (PHONE RINGS) - Is that me? Yello? Michael Ennis. If you say so. I'm calling on behalf of Frank Munezero, the CEO of Premium Bank. Yeah. Frank is unable to travel at the moment, and all his calls are being monitored. However, before his arrest he employed me to do a job. Yeah. The job your daughter used to do... ...before her crash, Just before. I have some information. What is it? Stay in London. I'll come to you. (LINE DISCONNECTS) No! No, no, no, no, no! Mr Ennis. Ah, come in. Come in, come in! I got to be honest, I only got my Math SAT by underlining in red, so... I suppose what I do, what your daughter did, it's like a financial blood test - you have to use a microscope to see what's really going on. And what have you seen? Our bank deals with Kromin, the mining company. Yes? Here. In the scale of their transactions, this is a trifle, but, nonetheless, it is for $23 million... ...per annum for the last six years, paid to a church. This church is very unusual. It only exists in two places. One - in the village of Sankele, in the DRC, the Kromin village. And the other - here, in London. It is a very large amount to be paying to a very small church. Now, the name of the church is The Univers... Universal Church of Christ the Peacemaker. Yes. How do you know? They've been paying for the defence of Patrice Ganimana. It's a protection racket. The whole thing. They're paying Ganimana through the church to keep the peace in the region. 23 million stops him stealing from the mine. It means that Kromin can guarantee that they're conflict-free. They're paying him off! Him and his private army. Uh! Poacher turned gamekeeper. I bet they've become the police. That's more than I knew. What do you know? Only that the patron of this church is a David Runihura, Special Advisor to the... To the President. Yes. But then you are saying that a leading member of the RPF is secretly paying... Paying millions in protection to a man his government regard as the very devil. In order to ensure that the supply line through their country remains conflict-free. And very profitable, for everyone involved. And this, I think, is what your daughter found out. Just before her crash. Why didn't you say anything? There was no opportunity. Until now. One thing, though. I understand why Ganimana wants to slough off his criminal past. That amount of money, you'd need to travel to spend it. Why come here? To the UK? And one final thing we wanted to show you is this... The man who stole the tape from our vault... We don't know his name, but we do know he must have had inside help, government help. So, whoever he is... ...he works for David Runihura. Your daughter... ...found this out? I'm so sorry, Michael. But? No buts. Clearly, this is something you're going to have to take up directly with Kromin. - Twill, - You should. The police too, I dare say. But you'll want to be involved? Because? Lady Helen Uglow. D'you know her? Yes. As? She's an industrialist. On the board of Kromin. Is she now? - Mm-hm. - Ah. That might put her in a bit of a spot. You too. She's also the wife of the Attorney General. Little bit more than a spot, wouldn't you say? More like a melanoma. I'm sure you'd want to have that cut out. I'm not really... Patrice Ganimana had a barrister, name of Blake Gaines... Arrogant ass, God rest his soul. But, just before he died, he told me that Patrice Ganimana will never, ever go to jail. You know what? I'm starting to think he's right. Already, they've ground down his case at the ICC, and they're in the middle of doing the exact same with his extradition to Rwanda. In the end, there's just one last line the prosecution can take - universal jurisdiction. The CPS will want to try and prosecute his case here. But they can only do that with the explicit approval of the Attorney General. And Sir Nigel can refuse prosecution to any case he deems to be not in the public interest. Are you with me so far? Riveted. So I wonder, Fred, with Lady Uglow on the board, 250 million passing through the books of this UK-based company, trade deals throughout the world at a particularly delicate period, while at the same time promoting stability, peace and wealth throughout an otherwise tempestuous region, all this, all this... ...protected by one little man. A little African. With an argument between the two sides we never really understood anyway. I mean, the way this country sees it, let's be honest, it's like President Mitterrand said, "Out there, killing each other, "it's just what they do, isn't it?" So taking all that into consideration, I wonder, Fred, if, when presented with just such a case, the Attorney General might well indeed decide that the prosecution of Patrice Ganimana is not in the public interest. Ah, don't get me wrong, that's not the reason they'll give. They'll find some flaw in the legal process to pin it on. But however they do it, in the eyes of the law, I am willing to place a great big coltan mine-sized bet that Patrice Ganimana will be winging his way straight back to where he came from, totally and utterly scot-free. What do you wonder, Fred? FLORENCE: Kate! Wait! What are you doing? The market. How long have you been here? Oh, long enough to know you've got to get there early. You should not be here. Where's Eunice? Why not? They took her visa. She's the Secretary of State! They took her job also. Oh. And they sent you instead? So who are you working for now, “Floronze"? You were a child soldier. I can't imagine. But don't ever become a mercenary. I'm not. Are you alone? Got her. Who is she? Looks like the only friend I've got. Kate, stop! Please! Is there something you need, Florence? For you to go home. You know, when I first got here, I went to the UN, the local church, the police... Weirdly, they all said the same thing. Then you should listen. (SIGHS) I thought you were working with me. Iam. Then help me find those graves! Hello! It's me again. Maybe you don't understand a word I'm saying, but I'm afraid that doesn't mean I'm going to stop...saying it. I'm looking for the location of a camp clearance, near here, involving 50,000 people. 20 years ago? I realise you all may have been away for the weekend... ...but if there is something, anything, that might twig your memory, I'd just be so grateful. (OFFERS IN NATIVE TONGUE) Ms Ashby... ...might you also sing for us? You know, I'm a bit confused. I think so. About you. About everyone, actually. It is understandable, you are a tourist. Who you all really work for. No confusion - I am here to keep the peace. But not to tell the truth. Between '96 and 2003, up to 6 million people were killed in this country. You don't need to tell me. But obviously I do, because that is the truth. And my job... ...is to ensure it never, ever...happens...again. "The past isn't dead, it isn't even past.” Do you know that one? But here, in this country, it has to be. So it doesn't infect the future. Too late! (BABY GURGLES) Her. Him. Him. Me. You. Everyone. We're infected already! And the only chance of a real cure, the only chance of a real future, a real escape from that past, secretly buried out there, is for everyone to recognise it. And now you are playing Hamlet. Hm? Bravo, mademoiselle. (DISTANT CRY OF CHILD) (HELICOPTER WHIRS OVERHEAD) FLORENCE: Kate, stop. Please! KATE: I thought you were working with me. FLORENCE: Iam. KATE: Then help me find those graves. (CHILD SHOUTS OUT) (CHILD SHOUTS OUT) (GASPS) (MURMURS) Get... Get out! Get out! (YELLS) NKANZA A NKANGA: She will not go. - FLORENCE: No. - NKANZA A NKANGA: Then she must stay. You must make her. I will show you where. NKANZA A NKANGA: There. FLORENCE: That mound. The mine. They dig here? But then they stopped. How many did they find? Enough. Were you here? Back then? Our village was Congolese, Tutsi. You attack them? They were génocidaires. Many were children. Génocidaires have family. Your family... ...were génocidaires. The Rwandan, Runihura, he told us you would do anything to bury your past. That true? I hear you can use this? And the village? They already know. She should never have left. (COCKEREL CROWS) (COCKEREL CROWS) (GOATS BLEAT) (COCKEREL CROWS) FLORENCE: I've found them. Where? I will take you. Why? Cos you did not think I would. (BIRD CAWS) I was paid to bring you here. To dig this hole. Put you in it. I was paid to do this. But not with money. With this. A way home. Forgiven. But it turns out, it's not just genocide deniers who are blind. And I must find my own way home. My name... ...is Florence Karamera. What is yours? My name is... (SOBS) My name is Kate Ashby. But you come from Sankele. Ido. - (SOBS) - They have come for you. (LIFT BELL DINGS) Hello, David. Got a minute? Who else knows? - Just the British. - What do they want? A deal. Alice Munezero. - Released and returned to government. - To do what? Make the constitutional changes she's demanded. And then? They want me to step down. No! No. Back. To step back. To allow others to... Share. But only from within. Huh? You will still be President. No-one will know. Twill. I will know that the person I trusted most in this world betrayed me. Betrayed us all. Whatever I did, I did... For what? Balance of payments, import/export, trade deficit, producer prices, broad money, what? You made a deal with the devil. For what, David?! - For you. - Me? Yes, for you! It was up there. They don't want this... ...IP, tech hubs, conference centres! Who cares what the mzungu wants? We have reached all our goals. But how long before they outstrip us again? 7% growth. Poverty levels below 30! Two-thirds drop in child mortality. Universal primary education. All of that - me! Me! And over 70% of us still in the fields. - It is falling. - For how long, with a rising population? - It is changing! - It must! -Itis! - And it will with that! What is in the ground! That is all they really want. And we should let them have it, but on our terms. It was on our terms. I chose the terms! How could you? How...? How could any of us, when 40% of our budget comes from them?! And as long as it stays like that, they control everything! We are not Singapore! - We could be! - Not like this. And thatis why I made a deal like that. No. Real wealth, real growth, real stability, real peace. I keep the peace. And perhaps, Bibi, the longer you are seen as the only person who can, the worse the chaos will be the moment you depart. - You wanted this all along? - No. No! But now that it is here, I think it's a deal we can make. We have to. I can't. I won't. Then we'll be ruined. By you! Nyamoya? Was that you? And that lawyer? To protect you. What you stood for. - Stand! - And I stood with you. Every step. And now look. Oh, David. Where would you go? Away. Where? I was thinking that... ...perhaps I might introduce myself... ...to our daughter. Her father is dead. Of course. Yes. Did Alice know? That you'd made that deal? No. Did you conspire with her? No. - In anything? - No. So it was you who poisoned her? Yes. My sister. Your cuckoo. You want me to forgive you? I know that whatever you do... ...you'd have done for your country. Will do for your country. There is nothing to forgive. Madame President. (CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICK) My friends... ...sometimes we get so deafened by the past that we go blind to our future. As your President, it is my job to see the future. And, unfortunately, I have to tell, I am almost certain we are never going to win the World Cup. (AUDIENCE CHUCKLES) But there are other things, important things, things that must be seen. And I need you to see them with me... ...right now. (CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICK) (WHISPERS) Thank you all for being here. ALICE CONTINUES ON RADIO: Witnesses to my release, it feels that I am spending a lot of time recently rejoicing in being set free. 1 bear no ill will to those who saw me detained. My claims about our past had to be investigated, their truth established, and those claims - have been vindicated. - (KNOCK ON DOOR) I now rejoin government with a clear and complete acknowledgement of our past, present and future, and of a President without whom these freedoms could not have been granted. There will be times, in the days ahead, to assess the full implications of all this, but I am confident that acknowledging our whole past allows us to move forward together stronger than before. There is much work to do. Hurt and divisions to be healed. Justice to pursue. (SNAKE HISSES) Yet ..I foresee only an ever brighter future for our nation and all her children. (SNAKE HISSES) Thank you again. Thank you all, thank you. CONSULTANT: I'm sorry. (TRANSLATED FROM FRENCH) I'm afraid there's nothing more we can do for you. (TYRES SCREECH) (MAN SCREAMS) FLORENCE: But it turns out it's not just genocide deniers who are blind. (MAN SCREAMS) (SCREAMING CONTINUES) (MONITOR BEEPS REGULARLY) You were right, darling. You were right. I'm Jewish. Did you know that? Er, no, I didn't. Jenny didn't tell you? Well, hadn't quite got round to it. Well...you know, not practising. - But you believe? - I shout at him a bit. Well, there's a lot to shout about. Hm. See you tomorrow, Harper. Yeah. See you, Mikey. Harper? You'll know, Mikey. We all will Everything is known. When the time's right. (EXHALES) Where were we? "The light was brown with flying sand, like the inside of an old fish tank. "The grit didn't seem to bother the locals, "who obviously came here to network and trade." Hmm. You can't swim? You know I can't. No, I did not. There's so much I don't know about you. Well, now you know that. Do you want to learn? (SUCKS HER TEETH) It's never too late. You would teach me? Not in 15 minutes between appointments. You're not wearing that thing. No. Ooh! It's cold! You'll get used to it. I did. Then there is the World Bank Conference in South Africa for March. With the President on leave, they've invited you to give the key-note. On what, specifically? They expect you to give a very positive assessment of our future growth. Try and stop me. Next? An update on Kromin. The attacks on their supply line in the DRC are growing. If it continues on this scale, they'll no longer be able to claim Dodd-Frank Certification. And this new group? Al6s. Jihadis, down through Uganda. Pretty organised. It's a danger. Which they must contain, not us. But if they cannot? Sophie Barré. CEO of Barré Resources, the daughter of Jacques... Jacques Antoine Barré. The man who led the prosecution against you. Unsuccessfully, and whose daughter helped us in its collapse. And who is now the sole owner of one of the largest mining operations in Africa. She's French. It's just the Great Game all over. But this time... ...we will be the ones who win. Call Sophie Barré. Of course. Thank you. So, what's next? So there is the Opti interview, which is a radio interview that you can do from home. We have the TVIS review... - Morning, Michael. - Morning. - Morning, Michael. - Morning. (PHONE RINGS) Yello? KATE: I knew you'd pick up. I don't know... This biking game? It's good for your heart. Actually, I put that down to a particularly fine Saint-Emilion. Everything all right? It's a beautiful country. It's your home. Well, we'll see. You know, throughout everything, you never actually came here. I was always there, Kate. Ever since I left. What are you on? Pills? I kicked those. Kind of miss them, though. - Brief! - Oh. Extradition case. They bringing the money with them? We call it the Ennis procedure. Yeah? My oncologist says the same! How's that? Oh, tight as a bell, if that's the proper expression. What are you working on? Oh, the usual. There is nothing usual about you, Michael Ennis. Nor you, Kate Ashby. I'msory... ...I didn't tell you sooner. You didn't think I was ready. Were you? Well, here I am. I got one other thing to tell you. What? Your mother. Don't be too hard on her memory. She only ever wanted to give yours back. They're calling me. Sure. I should let you go. Kate... (LINE CLICKS AND DISCONNECTS) Yeah, well... ...Isaid it already. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 