Black Earth Rising: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Earth Rising 
 s1e7 - Double Bogey on the Ninth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Earth Rising (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Double Bogey on the Ninth - full transcript 
 Kate and Florence return to the UK to locate a final missing item from Eve Ashby's case file against Patrice Ganimana. But someone is ahead of them, stopping at nothing to kill and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (KEYS TURNING IN DOOR) (DOORBELL RINGS) When? Yesterday. Police have been and gone. What was taken? Not sure. And that. It's still here. But not where I left it. MARK VINER: I keep telling you, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you don't have the appropriate legal authority. (COUGHS) I was a driver for a lawyer once, named Blake Gaines. Does that help? Only if you want him to represent you in court. He is dead. (WHEEZES) You are dying, old man? Does it look as if I am? No. You are dead... (TURNS OFF OXYGEN SUPPLY) ...already. (VINER GASPS FOR BREATH) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (GASPING SPEEDS UP) (GASPING SLOWS AND DEEPENS) (HISSING) (VINER GASPING) You know that safe house I was in? Turns out it is not so safe. Snap. - Where? - Kate's house. The office. What did they get? A hard drive, with a copy of your tape on it. Where's the original? With Frank. - Safe? - Says so. Mark Viner? Eve used to work for him? Burned to death. Accident? They say. He had oxygen tanks. But...I don't know, Alice. Something tells me, if you're going to make this speech, you'd better hurry up and make it. DAVID RUNIHURA: Your mother's file. We are managing to locate everything we need, except for one article. This. That is the number for a file we cannot find. When you return to London, might you perhaps take another look? KATE: Two days before my mother left for The Hague, she came here and took something out of that Ganimana file. Hmmm. Whatever it is, that's what Runihura wants me to find. What is it? Whereis it? (CAMERA MICROPHONE CRACKLING) (VAULT LOCKS) (KEYS JANGLE) Why is everyone always wearing black around here these days? Mark Viner's funeral. Oh. It went OK? I think I'm getting used to them. Mm. Oh, I got you a new set of these. Right. What are you looking for? Two days before she left for The Hague, my mother visited Mark Viner and took out some kind of document. The night before she went, the thing that ignited that massive row between us was when she found me looking at the Nyamoya file - this file - on her desk. And a couple of days after that, she was dead. That's what I'm looking for. That document. And it turns out... ...so is David Runihura. And where's Captain Congo? Don't say that. Sorry. - I didn't know you thought that much... - Just don't call him that. OK. So, where is he? I don't know! - I thought he worked for you. - He does, - but not on a punch card. - Well, he's not with Kate! Well, he must be onto something. Do you trust him? Michael. I'm the only family he's got. He may go his own way, but he'll always come home. Why do you ask? Well, it's just that these days everyone seems so full of surprises. Even you. (PHONE RINGS) - Nibyo? - Ni jyewe. Are you OK? If I have to eat another plate of pork and beans I'm going to scream. (HE LAUGHS) - OK - You know that recipe I gave you? I can't wait to have it again. You can. Soon as you get home. Great. Do not lose it - it is the only one I have. Understood. And then there is the one that you are going to cook up for yourself. How is it going? (SIGHS) Complicated. But I get it right, it is going to earn me a Michelin star. Rich tastes! Oh, baby. That's me. (SIGHS) (REMOVES KEYS FROM IGNITION) NEWSREADER: Rwanda today finally delivered its indictment to the UK government requesting the immediate extradition of Patrice Ganimana, accused participant in the Rwandan genocide. Because of the indictment's precise details, the Rwandan government are confident the UK will have little choice but to fall in line with Canada and other European counties who have recently granted similar extradition requests. Mr Zand. We have now had the opportunity to study, in detail, the indictment presented by the CPS on behalf of the government of Rwanda alleging my client's participation in the Rwandan genocide of 1994. And I am now in a position to state, categorically, that my client, Patrice Ganimana, has no case to answer, due to the simple and absolute truth that he was not in Rwanda at the time that these accusations are alleged to have taken place. But I'm not even going to lose consciousness. I'm not aware of the exact nature of your procedure. It's an ultrasound, darling, for my left ovary - it says so right there. I still need a next of kin. I don't have a next of kin. Husband, children? - (PHONE RINGS) - Parents? Sibling? Now you're just making me sad. Michael, would you please be my next of kin, so Nurse Ratched here - can check off her box? - Turn on CN56. Give me the remote. Excuse me? Sweetheart, you can't spend your whole life watching Catching Kelce. The remote! Today! Thank you. REPORTER: Having made the sensational claim, Mr Ganimana's barrister then offered to submit supporting evidence including witness statements claiming that his client had fled Rwanda in July 1992 and taken refuge in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, then known as Zaire, some two years before the Rwandan genocide. If correct, this could prove a huge and embarrassing stumble, not only for the government of Rwanda but for the Crown Prosecution Service here in the UK and for the progress of international justice worldwide, because if the case is thrown out. all charges against Patrice Ganimana will be dropped. - Shhhhit. - Andrew McCulloch, Westminster Magistrates' Court London. - Got him! - MICHAEL: What? I gotta go. I got a scan. - A what? - A procedure. Jesus. Is everyone in my world ill? Yeah, well, call it a symptom of collective guilt. - I thought you didn't believe in that. - Well, now I do. And now I have the cure. What's going on?! He was clearly there! Look! Look! Look! It'll all depend on the credibility of the witnesses... Take your pick! ...for the defence, who are willing to testify he wasn't in Rwanda. Who? But they must have some mighty big rabbit in their hat or they wouldn't try this trick. So we need a rebuttal witness to state he was there. Yeah, we do. One so reliable, they couldn't possibly dismiss. Then isn't it lucky you've got me? MICHAEL: You? There's good news and there's bad news. First, the good news. The little shit has slipped up and I'm the one to rub it in his face. How? The indictments range from 1992 to 1994. And his lawyer says that he had already left the country by then. Well, unlucky for him, I hadn't. Because that's when I met him - and I've got the evidence to prove it. So whoever they think they've got to say that he wasn't there, we've got the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, US State Department to say that he was. I'd say that's a Top Trump, wouldn't you?! I didn't know you cared. I only care about things I can do something about. And now I can do something about this. Huh! That's the good news. And the bad news? There's a clock on this. Yes, there is. No, I mean on me. Gotten me a complex ovarian cyst that measures 12 centimetres across. Kinda like that asteroid they sent Bruce Willis to deal with. Maybe that's what I ought to do - get him in there, blow the fucker up. - (LAUGHS) That's a thought. - Anyway, they've gotta go in, abdominally. Sorry to hear that. And, like, tomorrow, really. Right. Well, what do you want to do? Well I've put them off. I want you to arrange for me to give a sworn statement via video-link to the police. Well, we could wait till after. You're not getting me, are you, Mikey? - What? - This is it. This is what we've been waiting for. I'm about to say out loud, under oath, what no-one has been able to say for over 20 years. Not me, not Eve, not Alice, not you. None of us. But now we can. And all because Patrice Ganimana just made a spectacular fuck-up. Who'd have thought it? So tell Alice to pack her bags pronto. She's going home! MAN: You don't need me to tell you that almost every electronic device you touch, watch or travel in has a tantalum capacitor within it. You don't need me to tell you that the coltan in this region is second to none. You don't need me to tell you that since the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act, the supply line between our mines, into this country, to the world beyond, are certified conflict-free. Guaranteed. And you don't need me to tell you what that's done for this region. But you do need me to tell you this. It's not making us rich. It's making other people rich. People in Germany, Kazakhstan, China. People who buy our ore at rock-bottom prices, refine it, and sell it on at double the profit. Until now. Because in 18 months' time, the first tantalum refinery will be up and running here. And 18 months after that, another. And then another. Until the time comes, and I believe it will, when this country becomes the leading tantalum powder exporter in the world, widening your profits by hundreds of millions of dollars, whilst bringing about an equally dramatic reduction in your trade deficit. This is your economy. Your future. And moment by moment, day by day, year by year, you are taking control of it. We're proud to be along for the ride. Thank you. (CHEERING) Of course, he will be making a few million out of it too... (LAUGHTER) You know, recently we had a report written about our judiciary. It says we need assistance. Apparently, we do not pay our defence counsels enough. Maybe this... _..will help. Actually, I'm serious. I think it will And I have got no problem with that. I have got no problem with anything that stops us being subservient to anyone. Because we don't need to be. Recently, our friend Alice Munezero defeated the French in their own court, and she was poisoned for it by someone, or some country. You know who I'm talking about. - (AUDIENCE AGREES) - Mmm. And at this moment also there is a bad African in the UK trying to worm his way out of his destiny. He won't. He will be sent here, I know it. Because what we are doing here... ...with that line... ...we are doing there, with our law. And we are doing it right. So don't worry about it. Leave it to me. We're going to be fine. (CHEERING) (TRANSLATED FROM KINYARWANDA) - What if she uses the opportunity? - To do what? To speak against you. And why would she do that? (FOOTSTEPS) DAVID: We have been watching her. BIBI: And what have you seen? DAVID: Mmm, not sure, but until we are, I don't think she should speak. - BIBL: I don't care. - DAVID: Because she's your sister? BIBI: She's not my sister. DAVID: Close. And do you think that might make you... What? Blind. Because why? If you care for someone... It makes you blind? There was a time you loved me. Did that make you blind? I want only what is best for the country. For the country? Or for me? You are the country. Ah. Then you really don't see me. (FOOTSTEPS RECEDING) (BARKED ORDER) Let Alice speak. She wants the world to see her. They've agreed. The MPS will interview her. Eunice will go to a police station in Washington - and they'll do it via video-link. - When? 4pm tomorrow, GMT. About the same time you land. No backing out, then. You want to? Just... ...been so long. You don't have to do it. I am the only one who can. You will be there for me, Mikey? Every step. And you will call Frank? He's on standby, he knows. I have to have it. You will. He'll be there. It'll be fine. (AEROPLANE ENGINE) (HUBBUB) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (TRANSLATED FROM KINYARWANDA) I am not going out until my husband arrives. - (KEYS JANGLE) - (SAFE UNLOCKS) (CAMERA WHIRS) Mrs Clayton, can you hear me? - Yes. - And can you see me? I can. You are about to make a sworn witness statement with regard to the matter of the government of Rwanda versus Patrice Ganimana. - Is that correct? -Itis. For the record, if you could just identify yourself. In public life, I'm Assistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, US State Department. But today, I'm appearing before you entirely in the capacity as a private citizen. Between 1987 and 1998 I worked as a field officer for the John Hopkinson Refugee Relief Fund. I was first posted in Rwanda in 1990 at the beginning of the civil war between the then Hutu government and the returning Tutsi-led RPF. During this period, government forces and other militia began rounding up Tutsi communities - some to be massacred, others held in parks and stadiums in the most harrowing conditions. On February 15th 1993, as I was trying to coordinate the delivery of relief aid, I personally met with Patrice Ganimana when he and a large number of FAR government soldiers arrived to block our supplies. He did not let us pass and soldiers under his direct command had us forcibly removed from the area. And we understand you have corroborating material. Ido. (PAPER RUSTLES) This is the arrest sheet made out at the police station to which we were taken, which clearly cites Patrice Ganimana as the commanding officer. I offer this information in direct rebuttal to the statement made by Ganimana's lawyer that he had already fled the country by this point. He had not. He was present, he was involved, and I am a witness to that fact. We'll need that sheet copied and certified. Of course. But there's something else I'd like to say. That was not the last time I saw Patrice Ganimana. I've a prepared statement which I'll read, if I may. The genocide of '94, it has no comparison. 800,000 Tutsis, at least murdered within 100 days. The most intensive ethnic slaughter in modern history. The RPF ended that genocide, no doubt. And no doubt either, they did not cause it. It was coordinated by a desperate group within the Hutu government who drove themselves and their country insane by their own propaganda. Propaganda that spread like a virus. A virus of fear so evil, those that caught it stopped seeing human beings as people at all but as insects - insects that needed to be eradicated, systematically, in 100 days, until it was stopped. But for millions of people, millions of Hutus, the fear they'd already been infected with - that didn't go away. Something else took its place. The fear of retribution. And no matter how hard the RPF tried to reassure them, they still ran out of Rwanda into Zaire. And the killers ran with them. I know this because that's where I saw Patrice Ganimana for the second time, in early 1997. In a refugee camp in Zaire. No longer just a major, now he was the leader of his group. Still fanning the hatred, blowing on the embers, trying to ignite it all again. Looking to go back to Rwanda, to finish what they'd started. But then they arrived. A new army. There'd been ethnic tension in the region for years. The government of Zaire had been waging a campaign against ethnic Tutsis. The arrival of the Hutu refugees exacerbated the tension until, in 1996, an ethnic Tutsi army was formed, with the intent of both toppling the Zairian government and ridding the region of the Hutu refugee camps. By '97, the RPF sent its own military leaders into the ranks of this new Tutsi army to help coordinate the dismantling of these final camps. And it's true, in the camps I attended, Ganimana and his people were there. But I contend they were using these refugees as human shields. Of an estimated 50,000 people, 9,000 were children, many more were women, and almost all were catastrophically ill. They couldn't have gone anywhere if they'd wanted. Then one day in April, all Western aid workers were ordered to leave. We were taken to a cordon about a mile away, out of sight of the camps. A few workers, including a colleague of mine, Edward Holt, remained until the very last. So I cannot say I saw it. I cannot say I saw anything. What I can say is that four days later, when we were finally allowed to return to the camp, it was completely empty - and I mean completely. Not a single vestige to indicate that less than a week before, some 50,000 people had been living there. Women, children, babies. Many too ill to move. It was as if they never existed. And I never saw any of them again, ever. Except for one. Someone my colleague Ed Holt took with him on his last airlift out. A little girl A Hutu child. Are you coming in? Any reason why I shouldn't? MICHAEL: Ed flew with you to Kigali, where Eve was waiting. He handed you to her and went straight back - the rotors didn't stop. They didn't even say goodbye. Eve took you to hospital. You almost died. Many times. I think you would've, without her. I went to see Alice. She knew that Eve and I had been building a case against Ganimana for the ICTR. When he was located in that camp, we expected her to coordinate his arrest. But because of her position in military intelligence, she already knew what was really happening out there. The RPF was a very disciplined outfit - they still are. They take a hell of a lot of pride in that. I know Alice did. Geneva Convention and all that. Anyway, when she found out what was really happening out there, she thought it bust all that down. So she put a wiretap on the military airwaves to record the chatter between units. Why? To prove they knew what was really going on. And when your mother heard it, she wanted to take the recordings to the ICTR and use it to prosecute the new government - for you, for your family, for Ed, for justice. Except everyone knew it wouldn't be allowed. It couldn't be. Not by the US, the UK, the UN. Not even by me. What was happening out there, to you, your family, how many others... ...as terrible as it was, on the scale of things, it couldn't match what had already happened. There's no possible equivalence. And that's what we were there to prosecute. The genocide of almost a million people. How could we possibly, Kate, possibly bring an investigation against the very people who had just brought it to a close? We couldn't. Nobody wanted to listen. They didn't even want to know. So we agreed we had to shut it all down. There was no other choice. And to protect you, we gave you a story around which we knew everyone would want to help. And they did. It got you out. It got you here. (CHANTING: Alice! Alice! Alice!) Whe...? Where is it? This recording, I presume that's what everyone's looking for. (CROWD CHANTING: Alice! Alice! Alice!) (CHEERING) Your mother must've kept it at Mark Viner's and taken it out right before she went to The Hague. - And then afterwards, I... - You? You had it all along. ...gave it to Alice, who has it now. Why? Because we also made a promise, Kate, Eve, Eunice, Alice and I... ...that no matter how long we had to wait, one day we'd come back to it. Reopen the case. Tell the truth... ...to the world, to you. And... ...when Nyamoya was arrested, we thought the time had come. And then after Alice was released in France... But we were wrong. It's today, Kate. ALICE: ft. ...is now! Because if we do not publicly recognise each and every fragment of our past... ...our story will never be complete. If we are to be truly united, truly reconciled as a country, as a city, in our villages, our streets, to our neighbours, to ourselves... ...our story has to be complete. ALICE: During my trial in France, I met a brilliant young advocate. Her name is Kate Ashby. This is not her birth name. She was born here. And recently, having helped release me from an entirely fabricated prosecution, she has returned here to help us in the extradition of yet another evil participant in the genocide. To be sent here. To face justice here. Where it matters most. Here. And all that young woman wants to see revealed is the truth. For us. So how can it be that, even though she does this, we cannot allow her to know the truth about herself? But with the penal code and constitution of our country as it now stands, I cannot tell you the truth without running the risk of arrest. Here. Now. Where it matters most. I cannot. Because to do so would be to stand accused of sectarianism, divisionism, even inciting insurrection. So I'm not going to tell you. Iam going to let others do it for me. (TAKES A SHAKY BREATH) In here is a recording made in April 1997... ...in Zaire, outside a Rwandan Hutu refugee camp, near Kisangani, between an unnamed Congolese officer and his superior, a Commander Simon. I know exactly who this man is. I fought alongside him during the liberation. He was a Rwandan. He was a national hero. And his name was Simon Nyamoya. In this recording, when Simon instructs the officer not to let any Westerners back into the camp until it has been completely dismantled... (ALICE CONTINUES) Please. I ask you. Please. Consider exactly what the word "dismantled" meant to 50,000 cholera-stricken refugees... ...9,000 of whom...were just children. (PRESSES PLAY) (SILENCE) (PRESSES PLAY AGAIN) (AIR BUBBLES) (AIR BUBBLES) (SPLASHING) - KATE: Oh! - MICHAEL: Guhh... (GRAVEL CRUNCHES) (THEY PANT) Are you all right? That's a... That's a... - That's a big story. - Oh, yes, it is. Must have been hard to hold on to. Oh, yes, it was. (PANTING) I wish you'd just told it to me. I did. No. You didn't. Yeah, I have a hard stop today, folks, so, er, apologies, but I have to wrap this up shortly. So, er...yeah, Matt. MATT: Comment on the arrest of Alice Munezero on her arrival in Rwanda. Obviously we're very concerned. (TRANSLATED FROM FRENCH) We believe she's under house arrest pending a specific charge of inciting insurrection. But I think it's vital to remember the cataclysmic events suffered by that country in the not-too-distant past... ...and the remarkable progress it's made over the almost quarter of a century since. It is a, er, beacon of stability not only within its borders, economically and socially, but in a region that is otherwise prone to, er, severe convulsions. But this comes at too great a cost! A cost it seems the international community is all too willing to ignore. But it is very clear to us that the Rwandan government is using its own poorly defined laws not to protect its nation from divisionism and hate crime but to ensure that no-one, not even one of their very own heroes, can ever call them to account. However, given her inability at this point to substantiate on the specific nature of her allegations, we are simply unable to gauge the strength or weakness of her case and therefore the justification or not of any action taken against her. REPORTER: But could Alice Munezero's arrest have a negative impact on the extradition proceedings against Patrice Ganimana? We're saying we need to keep a very close eye on things. A very close eye. (LIFT BELL DINGS) Spare a minute? DAVID: Just so as we're clear, we went to the US in '96. And the UN, and the UK. And we told them that if they weren't going to do something about those camps, we would. And what did they do, your people? Nothing. So we had to, like they knew we would. Is that a confession, David? For the blind eyes of the international community, that is a fact. And it's no secret. So am I going to be allowed to represent her? You don't have to ask my permission, Michael. It's enshrined within our law - she can choose whoever she wants. - She's chosen me. - Congratulations. Immune from prosecution for representing her views? Also enshrined in law. Wasn't always. - Is now. - (LIFT STOPS) DAVID: Runihura. DAVID: My country is surrounded by tinder so dry even a hot fart would set it off, and all you and your playboy friends want to do is strike a match. She's not trying to divide your country. We are all one nation now, and anyone who tries to pull us apart is dividing our country. She's trying to unify it, and you know it. How kind of you to inform me of my thoughts. Please. The French were right. You're only using those laws to make sure that no-one can ever hold you to account. Even her. The way you see it, any criticism of your government is divisionist. This isn't about reconciliation, it's about power. And your need to keep it. And did you ever consider that maybe my country wants us to? They don't care that some Tutsi girl who turned out to be a Hutu has tried to help us out. They don't want to look back at any of it. We are all Rwandans now and we just look forward. 1.5 million people lifted out of poverty, 7% growth per annum, 3% unemployment, health, education, communication. What happens when all those economic figures head south? They're going to care then. Not about some Western-backed egoist who is just using the whole issue as an excuse. For what? To destroy what she knows she can never have. Which is? Love, Michael. Love! (LAUGHS) What? What? You think this is all about justice? It's so much more basic than that. - May I tell you a story? - Is that really a question? You are right. So, there was this little bird, a drongo chick, a forest bird. And one day, suddenly, into her nest, a new chick arrived - a cuckoo. You understand what happens to the drongo. But she will not die. The hunger for revenge will keep her strong. And she will search the forest floor far and wide until she finds what it is she's looking for. A caterpillar. The most poisonous caterpillar in all the world. And then, having placed it tenderly in her beak, she will claw her way back up that tree, back into that nest, where finally, triumphantly, she will feed this deadly grub to her foundling sister so that then, once more, it will be our little drongo who is loved as she was. As she deserves to be again. Now... ...who do you suppose is who in my little story? I think I can guess. Yes. There is no tape, Michael. I saw it. But did you listen to it? It's in Kinyarwanda. You speak Kinyarwanda? Even if you could, how do you know it wasn't a fake? Because I trust the person who recorded it. You trust the little drongo? We also have a witness. Do you? Or is that just something else you want to believe? No. Why not? Because I'd know it. Because you would sense it? Michael Ennis, the man who can smell the truth like a pig finds truffles. And yet there was something else in my story, something you missed. - Yeah? - Mmm. You. I'm not in your story. But you were. You are the little caterpillar, Michael. The most poisonous caterpillar in all the world. Yeah? Well, you better watch out. Why? You are the one who ends up getting eaten. (LAUGHING) - MICHAEL: Eunice. - You're not going to believe this. I don't have cancer! That's great, Eunice! Big fucker, but they just whipped it out laparoscopically. Hot dog! Kinda like sucking Donald Trump's head out of a keyhole. (MICHAEL LAUGHS) So, where are we? Well effectively, they're both under house arrest and I'm just waiting for my application to the Rwandan Bar Association. And Kate? - Uh-huh. - But she knows? Yeah. All right. We're right where we should be. Not quite. How so? Are you sitting down? I'm bouncing off the walls here, baby. Sit down. We should have made more copies. We agreed not to. No, we agreed to Alice telling us not to. You think David had a point? No. It doesn't matter. We've still got me. Uh...now things are different. How? Well, you didn't actually hear the conversation. But I did. - What? - Idid hear it It was translated for me right then and there. Obviously because we were pushing to get back in the camp. Did you, Eunice? Did you really? Sure I did. And there's no way they can blow that out of court. (EXHALES) That's the other thing. - What? - Kate was right. There's a problem with the defence funding over there. Oh, my God, Mikey, you're going pro bono on this. No, for the investigative team. It seems there's just about enough for gas to get us to the border - and then we're on our own. - Well, that's not such a problem. And why is that? I represent the State Department, Michael. We've got a pretty big tool box at our disposal, believe me. Well, you're gonna need a team in the DRC ASAP. We need those grave sites, Eunice. And we're gonna get it. I got a new lease on life, baby, and I'm gonna use it! Hey, Eunice. Can I speak with him? Double bogey on the ninth. - It's pretty ugly. - I need to speak to him. You really think? You can't stand me down. Extended leave of absence, come on. At least this way you get to keep your health insurance. - But not my job. - Er, no. No, that's going to someone else now. - Because I did my civic duty? - You think maybe - it's because of your diet? - What? You got hypoxia or something? Maybe you should have spent a little bit more time with your feet in the air. I had to give evidence. You should have cleared it with us first. - There was no time. - Oh, you should have made some. I appeared as a private citizen. Not when you are in public office, you don't. Ever. You gotta let that team go into the DRC. Yeah, no, actually, that was the final straw. Now, we don't get to use the department as our own private army. Jesus, Eunice, you're not Pablo fucking Escobar! It was... It was a bad thing. I know. I saw it. Funny you never thought to mention it before. No-one did. No-one could. Isn't that the point? So why now? I was called to give evidence. Igaveit. But weirdly, at exactly the same time as this Alice Munezero says the same thing. You tip her off, Eunice? Or have you always been working together? Yeah. Yeah, if I were you, I'd take the Fifth on that as well. She deserves our help. Regime change? How's that working out for us? That's not what she wants. Inciting insurrection, divisionism, sectarianism. It doesn't feel like she's looking for an extension on Sunday trading. And why has she been charged, Scott? Hmm? At all? Just because she spoke the truth? And this from a government that gets almost 30% of its expenditure from us? (SIGHS) Well, what does she want? The removal of two articles from the penal code and the tightening of the Constitution on Hate Crime, so her government can no longer use them as tools for the reduction of political space and accountability. Snappy slogan. It's just law, Scott, just a change in the law. That's it, that's all she wants. Everything else stays the same. Mundanzi, the lot. Jesus, Eunice, what the fuck were you thinking? Well, I hope he's birdied the tenth. I'll find those graves. Sure you will. You'll need a shovel. (FOOTSTEPS) What are we gonna do about Eunice Clayton and her mass graves? Bit "Mighty Whitey", wouldn't you say? - Except she's black. - Except she's not African. We've got a president who makes up names for African countries. Jane. How many people, you think, could pick out the DRC on a map? Or Rwanda? Precisely? It doesn't mean we shouldn't find out. It does if no-one cares. We peddle stuff no-one cares about, when we try and peddle stuff they should, no-one will. How many problems we got out there already? Syria, Korea, Israel, Ukraine, Yemen. How many we got sitting in our own den? Crime, inequality, political corruption? Stuff our people really do need to know about right now. - We're talking about mass graves. - We certainly would be, if she had found them in Minnesota. No. Krupke, we got troubles of our own. That one they're going to have to fix for themselves. (CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING) (REPORTERS SHOUTING QUESTIONS) (MUFFLED ANNOUNCEMENT) (TRANSLATED FROM KINYARWANDA) (PRESSES STOP) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 