The Finder: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Finder 
 s1e5 - The Great Escape - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Finder (2012): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Great Escape - full transcript 
 Although Walter despises 'magic' shows, he accepts to track down illusionist Preston Miller's assistant Angelica Angel, who disappeared during the 'phoenix' escape act after the box accidentally burnt to cinders. Walter soon finds she staged it to steal, well switch with counterfeit bills, a fortune from the club's safe. Making clever use of clumsy FBI Agent Judy Green, Walter starts the chase for Angelica and at least one accomplice, soon found murdered as is found to be her sinister MO. Meanwhile it becomes clear that Timo isn't Willa's cousin but her unwilling arranged fiancé, who needs a fortune to buy his way out from their gypsy patriarch, so Willa tries to steal it from Walter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When you're a young magician, you dream of playing the big venues, in Vegas or Monte Carlo, not the earlybird dinner show in the nectar room of a third-rate casino. But, an audience is an audience and you have to give the people what they came for. Magic. Is Preston Miller your stage name? No, Mr. Sherman, I am better known as Presto Malatesta. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How'd you find me? In certain circles, you are well known as the man who found Harry Houdini's straitjacket. Leo. When I say "Leo" like that, it means get the book. I heard of you from Professor Randarius. Tell your story while I look. Angelica and I were excited because there was a Vegas booking agent checking us out. Smile. If I smile any wider my head will fall off. Ohh! He was not impressed. So even though I had designed the Phoenix 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to be the big finale, Angelica told me to do it now or kiss our chances for the Vegas stage good-bye. Phoenix... a fire trick, right? I prefer the term "illusion." Let's call a trick a trick, OK? There's no real magic. Don't take it personal. Walter hates magic. No, I'd love magic if it actually existed. What I don't like is some guy getting all smug about it 'cause he figured out a way to fool people. Big deal. What'd you lose? He's leaving. Do it now. Senores y senoras, I, Presto Malatesta, will now amaze you with the world premiere of... The Phoenix. Because this illusion is death-defying and never before performed in public, I will require absolute silence. I advise those with heart problems to please leave the theater. Ma'am, I believe you. A trick, Mr. Sherman, is what you teach a dog. And illusions actually forces to question reality. It takes preparation and practice. Every move move is evaluated for its effect on the audience. Mystery. Mystery and mystification. The movement of a hand, the little look of an eye. No, it's not trickery. It's magic. Found it. Professor Randarius. Houdini's straitjacket. He's telling the truth. Well, he lied to the audience. When? Death-defying? Never performed in public? Heart-stopping? It was true that I had never performed the Phoenix before. The rest I like to call showmanship. Now, what'd you lose? Your bag of tricks? Your wand? Your sleight? Your hand? Your rabbit? Your, uh, false-bottom hat? My career, my reputation, my good standing in the fellowship of magic. My prestige, my eclat. You've never looked for eclat before. Finding someone's eclat would be a nice feather in my cap. So, everything was going according to plan. From the earth to the sky I shall exclaim transform Angelica into flame! I knew it! Fire trick. The second incantation was supposed to put out the fire, but instead, it got bigger, so I tried again. Angelica! Angelica! I rushed over to the trap-door and opened it. Angelica wasn't there. Then I had a terrible... You incinerated your beautiful assistant. Thank God, no. Angelica had actually disappeared. But as you said, Mr. Sherman, there's... There's no such thing as real magic. I need you to find out what happened to Angelica Angel. It's not funny. The entire meaning of my life vanished with her. Because you loved Angelica with all your heart. You just didn't have the courage to tell her? No. Magic is my mistress. But Angelica was my partner and my friend. We were a team, as I perceive you and Mr. Knox are. If I inadvertently did her harm... You know what's funny? A magician who loses his beautiful assistant. That's funny. Do you have a photograph we can use, Mr. Miller? Come on. Will you help me? We'll start first thing in the morning at the crime scene. Nobody said anything about a crime, Walter. The man just admitted there's no such thing as magic. So what's that leave? Skullduggery and monkey business. Trust me, there's a crime. Sync and correction by Mlmlte www.addic7ed.com {pub}What's your problem? Ah, did the raccoons get in the garbage again? What kind of example are you setting for a 16-year-old girl? Independent career woman on the run. Pretty good. I'm sorry. I saw Timo leaving Willa's trailer. Timo? Oh. Willa's cousin. Are you sure that's her cousin? That's what she told me. Mm-hmm. What is my responsibility here? You're Willa's employer. How long was Angelica your beautiful assistant before she disappeared? A year. Oh. Leo's been my beautiful assistant for 3 years. I am not his beautiful assistant. Whoo! Option number one... Angelica ran away. She had no reason to run. Did Angelica resent you for any reason? No. No inappropriate behavior? We were strictly professional. Option number two... Alien abduction. Farfetched, but it had to be mentioned. Number 3... she was incinerated, but she didn't leave any ashes. What do you think happened? Uh... she could have been kidnapped, I suppose, but I don't see how. How much would the Phoenix be worth? Uh, $100,000, give or take. A second secret hatch. I don't understand what happened here. One thing's for sure... She wasn't kidnapped. There's a million easier ways to kidnap somebody. She did this on purpose. You mean Angelica stole my trick idea? I need a light. Thanks, beautiful assistant. You ever consider maybe you're my beautiful assistant? Hi. Hello. I'm on an electrical cut heading South. Any sign that Angelica was there? One white feather. I'm at a junction box. One of these wires has been cut. What kind of wire? It's an alarm box. Wait, did you say an alarm box? I'm following the cut wire north. Why would Angelica cut that wire? To rob somebody, of course. Now we just have to figure out what. Where are you now? We're by the front desk. The alarm wire is taking me east now. This cut looks like it ends in about 100 feet. I'm gonna make some noise. See if you can locate me. Can I help you gentlemen? Do you have anything worth stealing back there? This can't be a good conversation. Aah! Oh, my God. I seen this movie. This is the part where you put on masks of ex-presidents of the United States and pull guns out of duffel bags. And you're the magician who burned down the nectar room. Aah! Excuse me. Mr. giant, hello, where are you going? Hello! Aah! You. Walter Sherman. Johnny! I thought you sold knock-off shoes. I did. Until I was arrested and lost my job because of you. This is from Angelica's wings. What does this mean? Well, this means that your beautiful assistant is a robber. Johnny, can you open that safe? I can. But I won't. And if anybody here asks, my name is Johnny Abadiano now. And unless La Virgen de Guadalupe has answered my daily prayer and you're gonna be my boyfriend, dejame vas, por favor. Huh? Johnny... You got robbed. But you are not authorized to open that safe. How'd you do that? This money should be gone. Ah! Why aren't you and Walter out finding the beautiful assistant? We hit a dead end. Walter's flummoxed. What's the dead end? Stacks of money. I'd love to find stacks of money. Why are you all weirded out today? I saw Timo sneaking out of your trailer early this morning. Timo came to visit me. It got late, he stayed over. Really? Come on, perv, he's my cousin. He slept on the floor, Leo. Jeez! Walter? Can you hear me? Walter. Can you talk? Hmm. Oh, thank God. Leo called and said you didn't find something. I was worried you'd turned catatonic. I should have found no money, but I found money. Walter, I need you to pull your head out of your ass for just a second and pay attention, OK? I spoke to Willa's probation officer. Timo proud is not related to Willa Monday. Apparently all gypsies call each other cousin. But when Leo asked Willa about it, she called him a pervert. Willa went on the attack. It's a classic misdirect. I need you to come with me. Bring your badge and gun. I can't arrest Willa for lying. Walter! Ahem. Johnny! Oh, God. Now it's both of you? I just think of Isabel as my beautiful assistant. No, don't. Open up the safe. Come on. Stand back. Farther. Farther! It's full of cash. Just like before. OK. Shazam! Huh? Look at the bills. Notice anything strange? You mean aside from the fact that they're all over the floor and not in the safe? Every bill landed facedown. Yep. It wasn't a heist. It was a switcheroo. Presto! Counterfeito. Go ahead and clean that up. {pub}- Hey. - Hmm? Oh. OK, right. Walter, this is secret service agent Judy green. No, I know who you are. Judy, this is... Mr. Sherman, you, you found an incredibly important ambassador's kidnapped child last year. The entire secret service owes you a debt of gratitude. Judy, could you fill me in on this counterfeit operation... No, actually, I can't involve the marshals unless the missing beautiful assistant is also a fugitive. The gay gentleman is awake. He's resting his head on your shoulder under false pretenses. I will be blamed for this, so excuse me for taking some comfort where I can find it, OK? Mmm... How much counterfeit money did you find? Oh, no, the secret service is very close-mouthed... No, it's OK. 170,000. Isn't it hard getting the paper? I can't talk to you about that. Hi. Excuse me. We're gonna have to take you in for more questioning. I knew it! You know what you are? A jinx! I demand a solicitor. Not a lawyer, a solicitor. Were you able to discover Angelica Angel's real name? Angelica Angel, aka Angelica Dira, died 25 years ago in garden city, Georgia. Oh! Fake identity. OK, you know what? I can't talk to you about a secret service investigation, OK? What about the paper? It's the same composition used in telephone books, old newsprint. What the Judy duty? You can't tell me about the paper, but you can tell Walter? Any chance she could have done this on her own? Well... That's the tricky thing about counterfeiting. It's not about making the bills, it's about swapping them out for real currency. So, if she's an artist and if she's good with a laser printer, or if she's a safecracker... It's possible she could have acted alone. You should check the magician's entire tour. I bet you they pulled this switcheroo before. Or, you know what? I bet you she took off on the magician, then he hired Walter to find her so that he could get his share. OK, you know, I'm gonna have to ask you to butt out. OK? United States deputy marshal. Tall guy wearing flip-flops. Did you make any headway on finding Angelica? That's the man who opened my safe like a microwave door. I'm arresting you as an accomplice in a counterfeiting operation. Why is it, when you randomly show up, other people go to jail? Mr. Sherman, could you remove the journal from my pocket? It's OK. My magical secrets must not fall into the wrong hands. Let's go. Whoa, whoa. He said wrong hands. Presto's plan for the Phoenix calls for a flash of flames that transforms the box into a pile of ashes. Then, Angelica rises from the ashes. Obviously she booby-trapped it with accelerant, then using the ensuing flame and panic, just walked off with the counterfeit bills. Hmm. No name, no history, no clues. How are you gonna find her? I gotta find out who bought the paper. We'll need warrants to access retail and wholesale buying records for how many states? You won't need any warrants, because agent green is providing them for you. She won't let me in, her sister in law enforcement. But Walter is. How are you mad at me for that? I'm not mad at you. I resent you. Much more reasonable. Isabel, I want a favor. Ooh, no. I didn't ask. You want me to do something heart-to-heart girly with Willa. Please? I'm not girly. Willa needs to talk to a woman. You want me to ask agent green? If you talk to Willa, I'll make Walter get you in on the counterfeit investigation. What is Walter gonna find that that 3 super computers and the secret service missed? Bingo. This art student bought 200 pounds of paper ordered to his school but not through his school. Thus... Sacrificing his student discount. What? Amount of paper plus art student divided by delivery to school times the cash payment... Minus the square root... Very suspicious behavior equals... One counterfeiter. Walter math. It never fails. On the Willa thing... You got a deal. That is terrible. What's it supposed to be, a horsie? Well, you can teach students to draw, you can teach them symmetry and proportion, you can even teach them discernment. The one thing you cannot teach is talent. How can I help you? I'm looking for one of your students... Maddox Holt. Why? What do you care? I don't. Who are you? My name is Walter Sherman. I work for a booking agency that trolls social networks looking for uninhibited young men and women who might be, uh, interested in outre modeling opportunities. Ha! Maddox Holt posing naked on the Internet. Well, we find young artists are often eager to embrace new things. Yes, well, Maddox dropped out 3 weeks ago. Why? I like to think it's because he woke up one day and realized that he belonged in real estate. Nude modeling, as the case may be. Any chance you can tell me where he lives? Mr. Sherman, I can barely remember my students' names. I don't know where Maddox Holt lives. Can I keep this? As you wish. Was he there? No. But I found out where he lives. That drawing sucks. Yeah, it does. But it has a point of view, and that point of view is from a very tall penthouse looking southwest. The largo building. A 19-year-old art student who lives in a multi-million-dollar condo. It's more believable if you refer to him as a 19-year-old counterfeiter. Why aren't you saying we're lawbreakers? It's a matter of intent. It sounds like Mr. Maddox is in trouble and you're breaking in to render aid. Angelica. Found her. Now, that's a magic trick I've never seen before. And we lost her. This boy's dead. That's a classic misdirect. Holt thought he was getting lucky, all he got was poisoned. {pub}Thanks. Hey, you want half? I didn't spit in it if that's what you're worried about. I wasn't worried before you said that. Timo's not your cousin. Look, I don't care what you do. Just try to conduct your love life with a little discretion. For Leo's sake. You are the last person I'd discuss my love life with. Why? I'm extremely savvy. Your love life is crazy stupid. My love life is the opposite of crazy stupid. It's sane smart. You have this thing with Walter. Then you go with a famous baseball player, who's perfect, except he isn't, so then you go back to Walter, who isn't perfect. Stop me when I get to the sane smart part. It's complicated. You either love someone and want to be with them or you don't. What's complicated? I... um... Answer that. It'll buy you some time. Hello. I want to bail out Preston Miller. Why are you telling me? Tell her to come down and spring us. I'm temporarily caught up in something here. So is my lovely assistant. I'm asking you to go into my vault, take 4 paces forward, look in the eye-level shelf on your left, where there is a 1.5 princess-cut diamond ring in a white gold setting. - That's Miller's bail. - Walter, wait. I have no idea how to get through your bizarro hatch. 9 is fine, 7 is great, fly the Coop 2-4-6-8. 2 flew west, 5 flew east, 12 flew over and had a feast. What was that? It's a mnemonic. Do you want me to repeat it? No. I take Ginkobiloba every morning. Tell her to bring the ring here. Could you bring the ring to the largo building and tell the homicide cops that Leo and I wouldn't kill a kid in his underpants. What? Thank you. Much appreciated. Walter? Wait... I gotta go. Nice talk. Yeah, great talk. I feel better. Oh, my God. All right. So, the downstairs neighbor reported seeing a woman swinging over the balcony, running through the apartment. So the police no longer think that you guys are insane. Is the dead kid definitely Maddox Holt? Yep. His wallet, his keys, and his phone are all missing. This is where the counterfeit bills were printed. That back bedroom is full of high-end laser printers. It's hard to believe there are only two in the counterfeiting ring. You really want to bail out the great wazoo? Maybe the angel betrayed the magician. Took off his his money. Now he wants you to try to help him get it back. If Preston was in on the counterfeiting, he's no use to us locked up, is he? Angelica murdered someone? A kid named Maddox Holt. 19 years old, art student. Does that ring a bell for you? I don't know anyone who's 19. He was part of a counterfeiting ring. Angelica poisoned him. What is wrong with me? Every assistant leaves. Some for flashier magicians, some for a normal life. One left me to become a nun. This one turns out to be a murderous counterfeiter. Just an observation, but unlike me, you are no good at picking your beautiful assistants. Oh, don't look at me when you say that. I am not Walter's beautiful assistant. The whole time she was helping me with the Phoenix, she was setting me up to be the fall guy. I know they say you should never give up on your dreams... My brother owns a window installation company in Wenatchee, Washington. Every time I talk to him, he says, quit fooling around with magic. I have a job for you. You know what? I'm gonna take him up on it. Windows in Wenatchee. That's my future. It's a good decision. Magic's for kids, anyway. Walter. Mr. Miller, you shouldn't make a decision like that when you're at a low point. If you do find Angelica, thank her for setting my life on the right track. I will find her and I will deliver the message. Draw me. Draw me. Because the best model makes for the best art. It's tradition. You have to know the rules before you can break them. Wouldn't the artist who made the worst model look good be the best? What do you know about rules? You're a gypsy. Magic is passed on. Master to apprentice, generation to generation. I'm just another dead end. You know what you are? You are morose people. Just dance, why don't you? Don't worry about it. Some things can't be taught. Some abilities come only with time and experience. Walter. Oh, good, you're awake. Some things come only with time and experience. I'm not gonna let some little teenage girl tell me how to live. I tell her how to live. There was a third person in that counterfeiting ring. What? Wait, what little teenage girl? Willa. How do you know that there's a third counterfeiter? What did Willa say to you? Huh! She said that my love life is crazy stupid. Well, I'm your love life. She didn't mean that you're crazy stupid. She meant that our relationship is crazy stupid. She's a dumb teenager. She thinks boys have cooties. The fact is, I choked in the clutch. She caught you by surprise. Why are there 3 counterfeiters? We have the mastermind who can squeeze into tight spaces. Angelica. We have the patsy who orders supplies and prints the money. The dead kid. The artist. We haven't found the artist, the third man. I owe it to Willa to show her the way the world really is. Wait. How did we get back to Willa again? Because I'm the woman and she's the girl. Yeah, you're the woman. Come on, go to sleep. How do we know which one's the counterfeiter? Just like the money in the vault, with great art you look for the lack. What? The man is brilliant. We look for what isn't there. The negative space. We ran the Modus Operandi. We came up with this one. Pamela Tate. What is she, a fugitive? Mm-hmm. She's wanted in connection with 3 other counterfeiting scams, she always has two accomplices, - they always get caught. - And she vanishes. Awesome. Look for the lack. How about that kid who hasn't got any muscle definition? Mm, yeah, no, my money's on the girl who totally lacks inhibition. Mr. towers won't be in today. Class canceled. The negative space. The teacher is our bad guy. {pub}I owe you an apology. I'm gonna tell you about me and Walter. That's not an apology. That's like child abuse. Can you imagine Walter leaving the ends of the earth? No. There you go. Wait. That's your explanation, asking if Walter likes to travel? Want me to lay it out for you? OK, fine. Can you imagine me leaving Florida? No. What? I can't. You're wrong. Where are you going? Washington, d.C. Like on a trip? No. I'm going to be the Attorney General of the United States of America. Yeah, right. I am. I go to law school at night, and I get field experience as a marshal. I'm going to Washington, little girl. You mark my words. So you're going to leave Walter in your dust? I will be eating dinner in the white house within 6 years. That's my goal. I set goals and I reach them. You should try it. Look, the white house life and Walter life, they don't mix. So Walter is just your Florida boyfriend. Don't make it seem like I have a different boyfriend in every state. OK, you know what? Can you imagine spending the rest of your life with Timo? Oh, so you're not so quick to answer when the questions get tough. I'm betrothed to Timo. What? Betrothed? Come on, that's ridiculous. You and Timo are engaged? Since I was 5 and Timo was 10. Is this the 12th century? It's the gypsy way. Do you love Timo? Like a brother. Does Timo love you? He's in love with someone else. And I mean really in love. The kind of love that makes him cry when he thinks that no one's looking. So, you aren't going to marry him. Uncle Shadrach's the head of the family. He's the only one that can call off the wedding. And for that to happen, Timo needs to give shad money. A lot of money. Timo's gonna do something dangerous to get that money. My God, honey, you're worried sick, aren't you? What's going on? Ah, good, you're here. Hi. Do you see that printer light flashing? Whatever's jamming that could be the last thing that towers printed. For the hundredth time, you're not seeing what is in that printer. Confound her with legal jargon. Go on. It's evidence, Walter. Ehh. This is a secret service crime scene. And you just opened it up and let... No, no, no, no, no. No. The secret service has its own time-proven investigatory protocols which ensure a very high conviction rate. I don't care about the courts. I just want to find Angelica Angel. Look, if you tai this evidence, it's my career. I'm sorry. Why are you... Walter's sorry. It's just that when he's getting close... One bus line e-ticket for Drew Skeeter traveling to Lina, North Dakota? Let me just take this back. Sorry. Don't touch me. He did that without my permission. Drew Skeeter is an anagram for Derek towers. That's the name the art teacher is traveling under? Yep. And the ticket is for Lina, North Dakota. Towers and Angelica are making a run for Canada? That's exactly what they are not doing. And you know this because... It's exactly what Angelica wants us to think she's doing... That anagram, the ticket left behind. It's a misdirect. Angelica has made a fatal mistake. Walter, all we know is where they aren't going. That leaves a lot of other possibilities. Angelica has a tell. She does the exact opposite of what we'd expect. What's the opposite of Canada? If we turn the map upside down, you can easily see that... Mexico. Mejico. Mexico's a pretty big place. Si, senor. Where do you want to go now? To the bus station. They're on a bus to Mexico. You are good. Oh, I'm really good. Don't get a big head. ¡Rapido! OK. All right. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Hey, you guys heading to Laredo, Texas? Why Laredo? It's literally the exact opposite of Lina, North Dakota. I'm starting to see how this woman thinks. I like it. Hey, buddy! Do that thing! Whoo-hoo! Hey, buddy. I'm not your beautiful assistant, and one of these days I'm going to miss. Ah. That's your job. It's okay for ****. - The cowboy hat. - It's gotta go. {pub}How ironic is it that he's the beautiful assistant to the missing beautiful assistant? That's not irony. Irony is when the apparent meaning of something differs from the actual meaning. Hey. How come towers wasn't your bust? Because I'm suspended. Why? Because your little t-shirt straitjacket trick. Will catching towers make up for that? No. He's not the ringleader. Now, the e-ticket was ironic. Looked like a clue, it was actually a diversion. Can you still fool the highway patrol into thinking you're still a legit secret service agent? And ruin my career completely? Mm... yeah, no, thanks. The best way to get your career back is to catch Angelica Angel. He's got a point. Nobody on this bus matches Angelica Angel's description. That's a very good sign. OK, now, that response is ironic. You know, you're like a bomb. If that magician had never hired you, he never would have been charged with counterfeiting, and he never would have had to quit doing what he loves doing. And I would still have a bright future with the secret service. We're not looking for Angelica. That's what she would expect us to do. What are we looking for? Derek towers' luggage. Got it. Oh... I let you get me all excited again and then... I hate you. Poor Isabel. I should be discouraged, but I am totally exhilarated by her zigs and zags. Agent green and I both feel totally zagged. May I see that passenger manifest, please? All right, what are we looking for? What have we been looking for from the beginning? A girl in a box. What's the opposite of a girl in a box? Negative space again? A boy not in a box. Real helpful. I have to say, I am incredibly attracted to you. Mwah! Hello, Angelica. Leo! It's the beautiful assistant! She's a contortionist. God, I can't hold her. Help me! Gaah! Get her leg! No! Come on, stop! Put her down. Like a little badger. Here we go. There you go. There. You finally got what you were looking for... a girl in a box. Oh, God, she's... Slippery. Nothing in the vault? Junk. Photos, like that. Nothing valuable. He locks a vault filled with nothing. Walter's a crazy man. I'm sorry. I appreciate you trying. I won't forget it. Timo, wait. I need to talk to you both. What's this all about? We need to help Willa and Timo. Help them with what? Elope? What is this, some sort of Romeo and Juliet thing? That story did not end well. Financially. What does she know? I... well, we were just... You shared our private matters with an outsider? A police outsider? Why does Timo need money? Are you pregnant, Willa? I'm a virgin, Leo. So unless I'm carrying the messiah, no. I have almost $3,000 saved up for a convertible. By which I mean I have just over $1,000. But I want you to have it. What can you spare? For what? Leo, can you just trust that this is for something good? How do I know this isn't some kind of scam? I'm engaged to Timo. - What? - Willa. - It was arranged by my Uncle shad. - Willa! What? But Timo loves someone else. Timo can buy his way out of this arranged marriage, but in order to do that, he'll end up doing something really illegal and dangerous. How much money do you need? $25,000. Timo. We need $10,000. I got it covered. Just look at these earrings. That is your engagement present. Thank you. If you gotta stay overnight, stay in one of the other trailers, all right? I'll show you. Willa, I believe you have something of mine. What? Willa got into the vault. You stole from Walter? No. I mean, I took something, but it was for you. If I were going to steal something, I'd have taken a frame. Is this... the oval office? Yeah. The oval office is in the white house. Oh, uh, Willa, I went ahead and changed the combination just in case you're tempted in the future. Thank you. ♪ Oh, and he's fallin' ♪ and you've got him callin' ♪ You've been cleared of all wrongdoing. My beautiful assistant was more interesting and talented than I am in every possible way. That's the way I feel about my beautiful assistants. You do? Thank you, but I'm gonna take that job with my brother installing windows in Wenatchee. But magic is your mistress. A mistress I love, but it doesn't love me back. I hate magic, and I applaud your exciting new career in window installation, but, uh... It's pretty good stuff in here. Now, if you just do this and this, Phoenix will work. Oh, my God. Yeah, but you thought of this, not me. Go ahead and sell the trick. It should settle my bill with Mr. Knox. You know, if Angelica had helped you the way a real beautiful assistant should, you'd have figured it out yourself. The problem is, sir, that unlike Walter, you stink at choosing your beautiful assistants. I can give you the name of a very trustworthy secret service agent who's considering a career change. Just do what I did. Find somebody you can trust. That'll change your life. If you ever need me or the great Presto Malatesta, I owe you. You were hoping he'd disappear in a puff of smoke. Yeah, I really was. But there's no such thing as magic. Sync and correction by Mlmlte www.addic7ed.com Come on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 