Lockie Leonard: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lockie Leonard 
 s1e8 - The Details - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lockie Leonard (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Details - full transcript 
 Lockie Leonard is officially a teenager. But, hold on -- do things feel any different? Everything does! Vicki Streeton kisses Lockie, promising to sort out "The Details" later. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Status report, today the sun's going to come up just the ame as it would on any other day. People are going to wake up and have a bowl of cereal, same as they would on any other day. But today everything is different because today, Lockie Leonard, finally, you're a teenager. - Lockie, you awake? Excellent, let's do it. Quietly now, Philip. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Owe! - The big one three, 13 years old as in unreal. Okay, 13, but it doesn't feel any different, Lock. Same little brother, same outer space bed spread I've had since I was three. Hello, is there any thing that isn't different? Body hair in you in unusual places? New school, girls so awesomely cute you forget how to talk? Give me a break. - Okay, shh, shh, shh! You sure he's still asleep? - Guaranteed, Sarge. Out like a light. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Yeah, okay. Some things are still the same. - We don't wanna give him a nasty shock and have him end up on life support! - Come on, guys. I need to go to the loo! - Go, go, go, go, go, go! - Surprise! - Hey guys, what's this? What's going on? - Happy birthday, Lockie! - Happy birthday! Now, this one's from Nan and Pop. - Nan and Pop, you're kidding me? They never remember our birthdays. - Well, I had a rather lengthy discussion with 'em before I let them leave to go home. - Wow, love it, far out. - I got you a book. - The Big Bang: A Short History of Expulsions and Explosions. - Can I borrow it when you're finished? - Maybe you should just look at it first. - Yes! - Lockie... This is from your mother and me. Happy Birthday, son. - It's not exactly brand new, Lockie. - In fact, it's pre-loved. - So someone may have piddled in before you. - It's just, your other one has perished so badly, it was looking like an old tortoises neck. - This is the best present anyone's ever given me. Thanks mom, thanks dad. - Now, Leonard family tradition dictates that birthdays and such are celebrated with a Mexican feast at the Tacky Taco in West Mollin Street in the city. - With all your little friends. - But, as said restaurant is some hundreds of miles from hence, we will be celebrating at the Blue Fin Chinese restaurant in busy downtown Angelus. Your table awaits at 7 PM. And if you're quick, maybe you could test out that wetty before heading off to school. - Thanks mum, thanks dad. The wetsuit was a beautiful thing. And gee, was it ever making a difference. This was my fifth wave already and I was only just beginning to shiver. I surfed 'till my hands felt like secondhand sausages and I still came out of the water with a great big smile on my face. If this was my teens, I'm up for it. And that's when it started. I'm trapped, as in totally! Okay, losing oxygen now. Stay calm, don't panic or hallucinate. - You're doomed! I know, we'll revise him, excited prisms and pyramids. - You all right? Can you hear me in there? - I wasn't sure who it was, but I was fairly sure it wasn't Old Squasher. Yes, I can hear you, help! - Stop complaining you dill. - I can't get out! One horrible moment, I thought all my skin had come off. It was Vicky as in Vicky Streeton, the girl I'd been crazy about for weeks. - So you're a surfer, hey? I'll try to overlook it. - What? - Surfers think they're so hot. They think everyone loves them the way they love themselves. But hey, it's just not possible. - So why are you talking to me? - Life's full of mysteries. So you wanna expect me to sit on the beach like some dumb, adoring surf chick? - No, I'm not sure what you... If you ever wanted to know what heaven was like, it tastes of vanilla ice cream and smells like strawberry topping. - I better be going. - Um. It's my birthday. - Happy birthday then. I'll see you at school. We can talk the details out over recess. - Yes. - You're looking mighty pleased with yourself. - That's because I've just kissed the most adorable boy in the universe. - Surely, you mean Lockie Leonard, the world champion surfing ace? - Sasha, hold the front page. Celebrity update. Vicky and Lockie Leonard are an item. - But Vicky, darling, not so fast. Have you sorted out the details yet? No but mum, Lockie's so much more of a hunk now he's 13. Who cares about the details when the important thing is is that we're finally together. Isn't that right, Lockie? - Of course it was. I didn't care what the details were either. That kiss of Vicky's was such a knockout, my brain had packed up for the day. - So you filed to drop by the station say, just after school? Around 3:15, 3:30. When Nut Noral will be colouring out morning T-roster and Lisa will be on the front desk. - Excellent. - So, how was the wetsuit? - It's changed my life. - It's a personal selection of real music, Cast Irons to Meta Mortals, the psychotic years, happy birthday. - Yeah, thanks. - Hey, no need to fall over so with gratitude. I was only up all night burning that. - Hey Lockie, how's it going? - Hi, Lockie. - Hey, Lockie. - Hey, Lockie? - Hey, Lockie. - Egg, have you ever kissed a girl? - No! - Hey, Lockie. - But to continue. I don't even know if you even realise, but I think you've just become popular. - Lockie, I understand you've committed to a relationship with Vicky. That right? - You're kidding me? Is that right? - Well, yeah, I guess so. - Then we need to discuss the details. - What are the details? - Egg, you will never need to know. - I think it's only fair to warn you what will happen if you even so much as look at another girl. It's my task to introduce you to a number of harney rules which you will be required to learn by heart. A shame that boys like movies where lots of people get killed very quickly whereas girls prefer movies where one person dies very slowly. You have in front of you a selection of personal care products. These include deodorant, your people always smells, may be amusing in the locker room but have no place on that special date. This brings your presentation to a close. On your way out, you'll see a bin, where you can dispose of any information that relates in any way to surfing. Thank you for your attention. Break any of these rules and you will be dumped. Have a nice day now. - Mate, my work here is done. - Class, the miracle of Shakespeare is the way his words speak to us across the centuries with words so fresh, they could of been penned this morning. - I thought this morning was pretty special myself. - So, Mr. Shakespeare's tale of Athenian lovers, Hermia and Lysander, together with Helena and Dimitrious, is just the same now as it was in Elizabethan times. Vicky, we've discussed the text in detail now tell the play in your own words with expression, please. - So, there Lysander, how's your day been so far? - You know, pretty good. - I suppose I've realised, I just love being with you all the time. It's as if, from now on, every spare moment I have, I Want to share that with you, together. - Really? What about surfing? - And who knows, fair Lysander, maybe one day we could get married. Married? Did she just say married? - Enter, Helena and Dimitrious, please. - Jiggy, babe, you want it? I got it. - Gey your hands off me, loser! - Yes, excellent improvisation, you two. - I'm not acting, I'm in sickening pain. - So, were you acting? Or did you really mean what you said about doing everything together all the time? - Sure I did. I wanna keep you all to myself, forever, obviously. - Heaven's sake! Can someone go and get a bandaid and smelling salts from the sick room? - I'll do it! There was more to having a girlfriend than I'd imagined. And taking time out to do your own thing was shaking up as a problem. Maybe I needed to go to boyfriend school and work on the details. Hold on, here's something new. I haven't seen her out here before. Wow, look at her go. What move. - Are you all right? - You surf really well. You're awesome. - Yeah, I know. You're kind of marginally okay, yourself. - I haven't seen you around. Are you new in town like I am? - Yeah, kind of. - This girl was an awesome surfer. She paddled like a demon. Her wave judgement was perfect. And she was, no, hang on. What was I doing even looking at another girl? Breaking the first rule of the details when I was still recovering from when Vicky kissed me over there this morning! Okay, Lockie, time to flee the scene of the crime. Unlike me, Philip only had eyes for one girl at a time. Lisa, out of all people, fancy seeing you here. - Hey, Philip. What's the book? - What book? This, this book. You might find it interesting, Lisa, given your love for science. - Wow, looks brilliant. - It's a little on the juvenile side but not without a certain appeal. - To Lockie, 13 big ones. - Don't worry about that. Would you like to borrow it, perhaps? Take your time, relish every page. Sarge, I was just saying to Lisa, she should come along to dinner tonight. - Lockie's birthday bash? Excellent idea, Philip. - I'd broken the first rule of the details in record time all because I'd looked at this surfer girl called? Okay, turns out I don't actually know what her name is. Come to think of it, I didn't know anything about her, unlike Vicky, who I've been crazy about since the first day I saw her. - So you like me and you love kissing me but when it comes to surfing, you'll have a much better time doing that stuff with her than me? Is that it? - No. - Then what's so boring with me that you'd wanna look at another girl? - Vicky, there's nothing wrong with you. You're perfect, you're totally awesome. - I thought you said I was awesome? - I was talking about your surfing. - Right, so apart from when you're surfing, you're saying that you don't wanna hear what I'm thinking about, then? Like, getting married, just because I'm this dumb surfer chick. - I don't even know you. If you don't mind, I'd rather not talk to you or look at you ever again. - So what, you're just going to ignore me until graduation? - Graduation? That's right. Surfer girl said she's new in town. That means she'll be coming to school. We could all end up in the same class. - Gee, that'd be good for you, Lockie. You wouldn't know where to look, would you? - Lockie, Vicky's at the door. She wants to talk to you. - Aw, man. - Hi, there. - Hi. - I thought you were a bit upset with me today 'cause I hadn't got you a birthday present. So now I have. - Thank you. - So, you doing anything special tonight? - Psst, psst. - No, no no. We'll just be staying at home. Quiet evening with the family. You know, might get the old Monopoly board out or something. - Okay then, Monopoly. I better shoot. - Okay. Thanks for coming around and the presse of course. - My pleasure. - I felt terrible lying to Vicky but I didn't trust myself not to say something stupid and make things even worse. Tonight, I just wanted to feel safe with my family. - Baby, bring it on! Yes, tonight's the night. Wee! Lisa, hello. Those chopsticks really bring out the colour in your eyes. Now if anybody should happen to mention babe wedding, could you change the subject and I mean fast! I'm on fire, yo! Champagne, Sarge? For Lisa and you and mum of course. Is one bottle enough? What do you think, Lockie? - Champagne, take it easy there, Philip. - I'll just have what everyone else is having. - How does the Deluxe Banquet sound? It's a good price considering what you get. And Lisa, I hear it's to die for. - Yup, you had to hand it to team Leonard, Loonies Anonymous. We're also crazy. You just relax and go with the flow. - My god, look at this. It's the Leonards! - Hello, Joy. Hello, everyone. You all know my husband Barry, the mayor of Angelus. And Victoria. - It's great here, isn't it? I'm a big fan of the Deluxe Banquet. When you consider what they give you, it's worth every cent. - Maybe you'd like to join us. - No, private function. Don't let us interrupt. We've booked our own table. - Lockie, man of the moment. What would you like, son? Keeping in mind. - Excuse me. Okay, so things had taken a bad turn all of a sudden but I was still hopeful there was a way out of this for Vicky and me. I just needed time to think, but then life got a whole lot worse. It's you, what are you doing here? - Um, toilet. Who are you? - The beach, this afternoon? We said hello, remember? - No! - Great, that's fantastic. Look, whatever you do, don't sit at my table, don't wave, don't even look at me, okay? We've never met before, understood? - I don't even know you. - I had two choices, either go back in there and come clean to Vicky about breaking the rules or lock myself in the toilet until graduation. Then the first instalment of Mr. Streeton's Deluxe Banquet made up my mind for me. - That's right, the beach, this afternoon. You said that I was awesome. - Is she the reason you've been acting so weird? Why didn't you say something? - No. I was going to. Of course I was. But, I didn't. - How long have you known her? - Not long, three hours max. It's nothing. I don't even know her name. - Just enough time for a quick game of Monopoly. So tell me, why should I believe anything else you say? Have you opened my present yet? Maybe you shouldn't. Maybe you should get back to me when you've grown up a bit, in about 25 years. - Lisa, our family has a number of traditions, one of which is my birthday poem. When as a family we huddle, is not too big for a cuddle, our first born by name of L. Leonard, and whatever we miss, it's never our kiss, Our first born, a teenager now, one foot in the door of adulthood and the trials he must jocky, but for his mother and me and Blop and Philp makes three, they'll only ever be one Lockie. Happy birthday, son. Blow out your candles and make a wish. - I wish, I wish I was 12 again and today had never happened. - Come on, everybody. Group photograph. Mrs. Brottle, Vicky, Sal, come on, come on. Positions, big smile, Vicky. And smile! That is lovely. Now waiter. - The lady would like to send her compliments to the chef. Watch and learn. Tonight the moon will rise, just the same as it would on any other night. People will find their way to bed, as they would on any other night, but tonight everything is different. - Tonight, Lockie was perfection. - 13 years old, it already felt unlucky. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 