Lockie Leonard: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lockie Leonard 
 s1e7 - Match of the Day - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lockie Leonard (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 7 - Match of the Day - full transcript 
 After five weeks in Angelus, Lockie is still an outsider -- how could this happen? Desperate to be one of the gang, Lockie takes up football. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - What a day, up to the soil and the Lockie Leonard has taken a pearl of a mark onn the soil at 50, in what has been one of the roughest matches we've seen in Angeles since the bloodbath of '92. The injury toll is high. Scores have been low, but rest assured our Leonard now is the chance to kick Angeles in front, in this, the final moments of finale game, the championship final! And you hero, take that! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We just made history here today folks, this is one goal to remember. Thank you Lockie Leonard! You are a champion! All rise for Lockie Leonard, human torpedo! - Lockie Leonard, man of the match. You have to be pleased with that outstanding match winning performance today. - Mate, it's all about the team! - Lockie, you've been living in Angeles for five weeks. Moving here would have to be the best decision you've ever made, wouldn't it? - Well that's right John, after five weeks, I think it's clear that just about everybody sees my crazy family 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 as aliens, fruit loops, and unrequited weirdos. - And for you personally? - Me personally, it's been brilliant. Only last week I totally offended the cutest girl I've ever met. And these guys make sure I get a good thumping each and every single day of the week. - So it's official then, Lockie Leonard is not one of the gang? - Exactly right John. I'm an outsider, a lone wolf, renegade. Doesn't get any better than this, does it? Okay so maybe I'm a not a footie champion, and I'm not a rebel either, I'm good old Lockie, who no one used to mind very much. Who'd like nothing better than to be one of the gang. And then as if things couldn't get any worse, hello zits, horrible disfiguring zits! - There are other people who would like to use the facilities you know. - Did I mention that Pop was still here? - You're telling me that there's no bran, no wheat germ, and no prune juice? - Sorry Pop, there's only Candy O's, Fruity Loops, and Loopy Puffs. - I'm appalled, what am I supposed to eat. I'm a self-funded retiree who's bowels actually function. That doesn't happen without care, planning, and hard work. - Your grandfather's poos are the talk of the retirement village. Pop! - Lockie, put your head in a bag, you'll frighten your grandmother half to death. - He reminds me of zit boy from the planet pus. - Good morning all, glorious day outside. Man can hardly wait to get off to work. Talking of which I'll be leaving the car at home today for the exclusive use of Nan and Pop. So boys that means apart from all her other myriad chores, Mum will be driving you to school. - How are you getting to the station? - Paddy waggon, what do I need, cuffs, hat, holster, love sonnets of Percy B. Shelly, yup I'm all set. Lockie if I could have a word? - Make an effort with Nan and Pop, it'll help out your Mum. - Yeah I know, it's just they're so... - The word that you're looking for is self-obsessed. And I agree. But they've made all the effort to come and visit so we should at least make them feel welcome. I'm depending on you son. - I have it, Sarge. - That'll be Lisa. Alright I'll see you all tonight. - Lisa, did someone say Lisa? Here, now, why wasn't I told!? Lisa, hi there, how's it hanging? - Hey Phillip. - That's right, it's me, Mr. Exclusive. - Make an effort for Mum's sake, engage with them, say something, think up an interesting question. Sorry nothing coming through, what's there to ask two pensioners who are hard-core, single-minded, completely nuts-o golfers. So I guess it's golf again today? - Why, can you think of anything else? - You know, doing stuff with your family? You and Mum could maybe head off for a nice drive, share some quality moments together. - I would actually really enjoy that. - Joy, Nan and I are training for our senior's golf intensive next week. But if you'd like to come to the club with Nan and me today if that's what you'd really like. - We could take Blob! - Blob too, how lovely. - Lovely, what fun. - There we are, happy family. Meanwhile the zit had doubled in size since breakfast and was still growing. Was it human, was it from another world? Will you survive the nightmare of "The Attack of the "50 Foot Pus Pimple!?" - Lockie, you're so nauseating! - My zit was hideous, and if I set foot into the school I'd need a team of paramedics to handle the trauma counselling. - I'm gonna go now Lockie, don't be late for school. - Solution, there was no solution. I figured there so much in the way of medication. I needed to expose my zit to the ocean's healing powers. Teacher alert, teacher alert! Shouldn't you be at school? - I'm sick, what's your excuse. Missing important studies is a hell of a price to pay for something that everyone experiences from time to time. - What, zits? - No, feeling like a total outside. - No that's because I am a total outsider. - Maybe. Maybe not, what's your position on team sports? - Funnily enough I hate them, why? - In a small town like Angeles, you find people respond really well to who you are once you've played on a team with them. - Wow that's scary. - No mate, that zit is scary. You're telling me people don't know what your game is right? I'm telling you, chose a game that we all play. Which in this town happens to be footie. You'll break new ground socially and I don't know if this holds any interest to you but girls love to stand on the sidelines and check out your bum. - My God. - Maybe he had a point, if becoming a team player means I could hook up with the cutest girl on the planet, it's worth thinking about. - So where have you been? Talking to your therapist about your one disfiguring zit? - Egg, let me run something past you. The solution to daily beatings and ridicule, I'm thinking of taking up a team sport. - What, are you mad? - No, why? - Do you know who play team sports, who trains team sports? Let me give you a clue. Remember the last seven times you got thumped? - I'm going to see old Squasher, I'm putting my hand out for footie training. - Footie, you see? Foot-ie, it's already happening. You're losing your ability to say full length words. - No wait! I think it's gonna be tops. Hey, why don't you come along and do it with me. - Okay, some way and somehow this is about girls. But I can't quite figure it out yet, but I'm right, aren't I? - Yeah, right. What girl's gonna want to look at me like this without throwing up their breakfast. - Well if it's Vicki Streeting you're scared of traumatising, don't be, she's not here. - Reprieved! If only for a day. - And word is, she had a prior engagement at the golf club. - Golf club, as in the same place as Nan and Pop. It might not be so bad, maybe Mum can put in a good word for me. - Sorry Dad, sorry. Look, shh. - Hi there, these are new faces. I'm Sally, this is my daughter Victoria. Though everyone says we look much more like sisters. My husband Barry is the mayor of Angeles. - Joy Leonard, Nan and Pop are visiting from Perth. - And I know Vicki from school. - You're Lockie Leonard's Mum. - So what are his hobbies Joy? Go-ahead young boy is he, ambitious? - We don't really like to push him. - Children, they had to find their own way. I told Victoria, as long as her husband can make a sweet $115,000 a year, she can marry who she likes. - So Victoria, you're not at school today. - I refuse to let Victoria miss her Home Ec and jazz aerobics, but this morning was only math, English, and science. Next hole? - Join my elite footie squad? - Yes sir. - Is this one of your terribly funny little jokes Leonard? - No sir, I'm really keen. I feel I have something to contribute. - Very well then. But do something about your face, you look revolting. - Your husband must carry quite a responsibility. - Well you can't just take, take, take can you? - Your Mum and Dad must lead very hectic lives being the mayor and his wife. - They're happy, they decide what they want and then everyone else fits in with them. - It's okay Vicki, I know what you mean. - When lunchtime arrived so did Vicki. My reprieve had been cruelly cut short. Just tell her I'll be at footie training this afternoon, how easy is that? - You tell her, it's your bum! - I can't let her see me like this. - And Lockie, you're not gonna look any better by half past three. - How do you know, you've heard of miracle cures. - That's sad, that's truly sad. Hey, good day Vicki. - Yeah, well I'll see ya later. - Hey Vicki, Lockie's going to be at footie training this afternoon and he's got nothing else to do. - Lockie, football? - Yeah what's wrong with that? - Football? - And he's gonna be wearing these really cute shorts. - Australia has been the undisputed Aussie rules footie world champions for well over a century now. That's because Australia is the only country in the world to play Aussie rules football. Yeah yeah yeah! - No way zit face! - Hard push Leonard! 10 push ups, drop, that's everyone! You can blame Leonard, 10 in a row! Nine, eight, push, make it count! Come on, three, two, one! Okay go get changed. Thank you, tomorrow same time. Leonard if you decide not to come, few of us here would mourn your absence. - Quick, hide the pus, hide the pus! - Are you alright? Is it broken, let me see. - No no, it's okay, I'm fine. - Okay, I'll see you later then. - What are you doing to yourself? - It's great, I think it's really working for me socially. - Yeah, well no one said it was gonna be a risk-free strategy. Come on, come on. - Hi Nan. - Sh! - How was your day with Mum? - How was school Philly? - Lockie. - Whatever. That's pathetic, I've never seen him drop a shot like that in his entire career! - What have you done to your eye? - Footie training. Mum, it's alright, won't I look even more repulsive. - Footie to you. - Mum. - Lockie. You will always be beautiful to me. - So how was your day out with Nan and Pop? - You know, they decide what they want to do and the rest of us just fit in. - Did you happen to see anyone while you were down there? No one in particular, I'm just wondering really. - We did as it happens. We ran into a little friend of yours, Vicki from school. She knows all about you, she's obviously taken quite an interest. Little did I realise while sleeping, I was receiving intense focus enhancement, brainwashing's another word for it. - Yes indeed, he can whack a ball! Whack a ball, whack a ball! - No more ridicule, no more abuse! Lockie Leonard, human torpedo! - Miraculous Leonard, you're on the team! - May I suggest a non-contact sport. We bumped into your Mum and her folks at golf yesterday. Your Mum said did you guys wanna come for a hit of tennis after school today. - Quick, say something! Hide the pus, but say something! Nice one Lockie. Three days of team sports and I was being invited into the home of the cutest girl on the planet. But... I can't go Mum, not looking like this. - He's right Joanne, he gets more revolting every time you look at him. - I must say he scares me. I've been having dreadful nightmares. - But Lockie you and Vicki would get along so well. She's sensitive and thoughtful and I think she needs a friend. - What on earth are you doing boy? - I'm practising, I want Lisa to check out my bum. - Evening all. - Lisa hi there, fancy meeting you here. - Phillip, you feeling completely well? - Sarge, I couldn't feel any better! - Glad to hear it. Lockie. - Mum honestly, nobody wants to go to the Straightons more than me, but can you make up some excuse, please? - Alright I suppose Sarge could use a hand looking after Blob. - Thanks Mum. - What a pity poor Lockie had to take his pet goldfish to the vet for an emergency check up. - Yes, he was so disappointed. - An emergency. - What with Victoria spending all afternoon in her room getting ready. - If Vicki needed a friend, she'd find the best one she could have in Mum. - Now who's for a hit? - Joy look at your stance! Have you forgotten everything I've ever taught you? How do you expect to serve like that? - Out! Phillip, our point, love 15. - But it was in. - It was in by a mile. - Victoria, remember your manners please. - But it was good, umpire are you blind? - Don't argue with your father, Joy. He worked all the hours God sent to put food on the table when you were young. - Be very careful Mum or I might have to impose a bad behaviour penalty. - Love 15, your serve. - 15 old, our serve. - So I missed the tennis. But next morning I awoke to a miracle. Who knows how, who knows where, but finally the zit had disappeared and I was ready to face the world again. But first Nan and Pop had to leave for their golf intensive. - Pity we always seem to be rushing off somewhere. After all there's nothing more important than family, right Pop? - Bye Joy, thank you for having us. - We're just so sorry it couldn't have been for longer. - Right, let's go. - What about my bribe, for tennis? - Right. - There you go, Pop. Enjoy the golf. - Pick it up! When Handle gets the ball, comes tearing out of the backline, I don't want you just standing around looking at him! Spread out! Spread out where Mr. Leonard, where? - Anywhere? - Correct, anywhere. You drag your opponents along with ya which will give Buff room to employ his awesome skills. Now get out there an pulverise them! - Angeles, Angeles, Angeles! - I can whack a ball, I can whack a ball, I can whack a ball! - Good move Lockie. If you hadn't contributed, Buff would have had no hope of snapping that goal. Come on, up on your feet. You know, I can see what you've been trying to do these past couple of days. I really admire you for it. - Status report, another miracle. This is the best moment of my life. The cutest girl in the planet had just put her arm around my waist. Exactly right John, it doesn't get any better than this, does it? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 