Bakers vs. Fakers: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bakers vs. Fakers 
 s1e5 - Hard Candy Land - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bakers vs. Fakers (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Hard Candy Land - full transcript 
 The proof is in the pudding for host Buddy Valastro and judges Damaris Phillips and Natalie Sideserf; pro and amateur bakers must infuse bread pudding with hard candies; breakfast cereal must be re-purposed into dessert delicacies. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Jason from Jersey City, New Jersey, and I am a professional baker. I'm Pam from Philadelphia, and I am a professional baker. I'm Amanda from Connor, Texas, and I am a professional baker. I'm Mark from St. Petersberg, Florida, and I am a professional baker. Hang on! The fun is about to begin. Four bakers are here to do battle. Golden-brown delicious. Two are amazing amateurs. Do I look like I need help? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey, have you got an Easy-Bake Oven down there? And two are professionals. Lovely. Out of this world. But only they know their true identities. Their mission? Just winning a bunch of money. Outbake the competition. If a professional baker wins, they take home $10,000. That sounds fancy. But if an amateur is able to fake out the judges... I didn't want to stop eating it. You're a baker. ...and take down the pros... - Pssh! Pssh! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...they walk away with 15 grand! - Wow! - [Gasp] Bada-bing, bada-boom. Are you a baker or a faker? - I... - Am... A... DAMARIS: No! NATALIE: What?! No way! No way! I can't believe it. Welcome to "Bakers Vs. Fakers." There are two rounds of competition, and Round 1 is my choice. So, to start you off today, you will be baking... ...bread pudding. PAM: I love bread pudding. I got this, Buddy. I can do bread pudding in my sleep. But baking it in 45 minutes, that's gonna be tricky. My 5-year-old could make a delicious bread pudding. But it takes a real pro to make a delicious bread pudding using... ...hard candy! Oh, man. Ugh. These hard candy options, they kind of suck. [ Chuckles ] Well, that's what you do with them. But I can take this, turn it into something, and make it happen, even though it's the weirdest ingredient I've ever heard in a bread pudding. Cinnamon, butterscotch, peppermint, root-beer barrels, and strawberry candy. All right, guys. Put 45 minutes on the clock. Get baking! I love bread pudding. Oh, me, too! Bread pudding is baked custard using bread. And you can go with Italian bread, you could go with a brioche. One of my favorites is a panettone. Mm-hmm. I think that a pro move is going to be baking in a smaller vessel, 'cause we're on a time crunch, so we want to make sure that it can set in time. I couldn't agree more. But, with hard candy, how are we gonna tell the bakers from the fakers. I think that a faker would probably crush the candy up and put it in, and not do anything more than that, so you're getting that texture, and, like, these really harsh flavors. A true baker could melt down the hard candies and make a sauce. Absolutely. Then you can use it as your flavoring agent, because those little candies are a powerhouse of that flavor. I'm kind of a rule-breaker when it comes to my cake designs, and I like when my flavors and cakes complement each other. So, kind of going outside the box with flavors, I think it's just so interesting, and there's so much you can do with that, and I hope that somebody takes a chance. How much stuff can I grab at once? [ High-pitched ] I don't know. Not like you're in my way. [ Normal voice ] The kitchen's my playground. I love to make stuff. I'll wake up 4:00 in the morning, and just start baking. Drives my wife crazy, but this is what I love. Oh, boy. My baking style is whimsical. I like to bake stuff that's got a little twist to it. So, I'm making a chocolate, peppermint bread pudding. I think I need more butter. Who makes peppermint-candy desserts? Nobody. I do. Oh, man, you got challah, too? Yeah, you copying me? Challah! (Holla!) We're gonna be the challah-back girls. [ Laughter ] I'm using challah bread to get more texture. Oh, I'm sorry. Look, I'm buttering my bread before I even start. Check out Mark. Using challah bread is a smart move because it has a nice, warm, buttery flavor. Mark is heating up everything that he's putting in with that bread. Let me get that milk hot. He melted the butter. He's heating up the milk right now. With the time crunch, a warm custard's gonna soak into your bread at a much more rapid pace. That's some pro action. I need to get some starlight mints going. Peppermint can just be - Pshw! - overpowering. What are you making with peppermint? You smell it all the way over there, can't you? I think if I mellow it out with the chocolate, it's gonna be delicious. So, I'm gonna use a little bit with the chocolate cocoa powder. All right, chocolate in there. Chocolate, starlight mints, boom. Mark is using peppermint and chocolate. Those two flavors go together so well. DAMARIS: But the problem with bread pudding is not how wide it is, it's the depth of your vessel, and Mark has chosen a very deep cup. I don't think it's gonna get cooked all the way. I'm afraid it's gonna be raw on the bottom, too. Oh, anybody going in the oven yet? Oh, just me? Ohhhh. Where's the sugar? My style of baking is not too by-the-book, just do whatever my heart feels like doing. Sometimes, I just like to throw things together and see how they come out. And butterscotch is one of my favorite ingredients in general. So, today I'm baking a banana, chocolate-chip bread pudding with a rum, butterscotch sauce. 45 minutes to do bread pudding is a challenge. You got this, faker. Oh, whatever. I've had a lot of practice in the kitchen, so don't mess with me. Challah! (Holla!) I chose to use challah bread because it's a little bit more dense than the other breads and would give a good sweetness to the dish. BUDDY: Let's look at what Pam's doing. Pam used the challah bread. She cut the squares very classic. A little large for this amount of time to soak in the custard. I'm afraid that the inside of them is gonna be dry bread. That's not a professional move. Oh, I got to chop bananas up still. I know that the flavors are definitely there. The banana, the chocolate chip melting inside. Just throw it all in there. It all goes together so good. A little chocolate can't hurt. I like the fact that Pam is using the banana and the chocolate. It's gonna be two different textures, two different flavors, perfect for bread pudding. And that's why she is a baker. There we go. All right. Amanda: Ooh. Here we go. I would consider myself more of a throwback baker. I just - I love everything about the '50s era. So, I like to stick with the classics but put a modern twist on them. So, I am making a cinnamon-apple, butterscotch bread pudding. Butterscotch - I think kind of everybody does butterscotch. That's like a grandma dish. I bet my grandma knows how to bake better than you do. [ Laughs ] My grandmother taught me everything I know about baking, and she taught me how to make bread pudding when I was 15. So, it is definitely something that's close to my heart. Get my bread going. I chose brioche rolls. It's a very rich, but very delicate dough. I think a lot of desserts nowadays are overly sweet, and I like everything to be balanced. So, I'm going to use sour apples that really play off of the brioche and butterscotch sweetness. DAMARIS: Look at what Amanda's doing. She's making sure that those apples are gonna be cooked through, and you're not gonna get little hard nuggets of apple in a tender bread pudding. Amen. Pro. So, next, I need to incorporate the butterscotch. I'm going to crush them up and throw it into the actual batter of the bread pudding because with cinnamon and apples inside of it, the flavors will play off of each other and be very balanced. Ugh. Oh. Those pieces are too thick. I hope I don't break a tooth. There's definitely gonna be some texture in Amanda's. I have a feeling that might be a little too sweet. A baker would've sifted out some of those really large butterscotch pieces. There is no chance that those chunks of butterscotch are gonna dissolve, releasing that brown-butter flavor that she wants. JASON: You got this. Come on. So, today, I'm using a ciabatta roll. It's just a little bit more on the savory and dry side, and it's actually really, really good for bread pudding. I'm well-rounded. I can do classic American. I can do traditional. But I really like to incorporate my background heritage, which is Puerto Rican, into everything that I do. What are we making? I'm giving you guys a twist on bread pudding. I'm actually doing Puerto Rican bread pudding. It's a little bit more solid, more like a cheesecake. You're using butterscotch. I'm melting up some butterscotch, and I use it as a flavor. Okay. And then, I'm gonna do with the cinnamon candy, I'm gonna do a cinnamon whipped cream. I like that. What makes the bread pudding Puerto Rican is just the style in how it's done. The bread pudding is actually soaked longer and also with hot liquid so it becomes more of like a flan, cheesecake consistency - more of a solid piece rather than the chunks of bread like you see in a traditional bread pudding. Every time I have bread pudding, I just think about growing up with my family, and it just kind of brings me back to my heritage and to my culture. Usually, in Puerto Rican culture, the women are always in the kitchen cooking. But in my family, my dad was really in the kitchen most of the time. He loves to cook. And actually he's really the one who was a big influence for me with wanting to bake. Jason is making Puerto Rican bread pudding. So, it's gonna be really smooth. Consistency-wise. Texture-wise. You know, the thing about Jason's is I just don't know that it's a bread pudding. But it's brave. It's brave, but it - It's a confident baker move. Is it? 'Cause it's not what we asked for. You're the one that always likes things out of the box. I know. And now you want to kill the guy? And Jason's using a water bath, which is going to cook it all evenly. Pro. Could be magical. It could be amazing. That cooked so fast. I go to the oven, I check my bread pudding, and somehow, it's already done. You out of the oven already, Pam? Mm-hmm. The bread and the custard should blend together, but not be too mushy, but also not be too overbaked. If my bread pudding cooked that fast, I'm really, really scared that it might be a little too dry. What is Pam doing with that knife? A good bread pudding almost has a souffle-like quality. If you're sticking a knife in it all the time, you're deflating it. It's like a vampire movie. It's gorgeous, darling. Are you a baker or a faker? I... Am... A... No! DAMARIS: What?! No way! BUDDY: No way! DAMARIS: What is Pam doing with that knife? A good bread pudding almost has a souffle-like quality. You've trapped the egg custard into the bread, and if you're sticking a knife in it, you're deflating it. NATALIE: The bread soaks up the custard like a sponge, so she doesn't have to poke all those holes in it. It's a home-baker move. PAM: I'm really, really scared that it might be a little too dry. I decide to poke holes into the top of my bread pudding so that when I pour the sauce over, it seeps down into the bread pudding and kind of gives it a little bit more moisture. Well, all these holes are really going to benefit me, so it's okay if I keep poking it. Oven check. My bread pudding is in the oven. Now I'm going to use peppermint schnapps to make my glaze. That's a second mint taste to complement the starlight mints. All right. Mark is whipping the cream with a mint schnapps. He's mimicking the flavors. That's really, really smart. This is thickening up nicely. The decoration of it needs to have that whimsical quality, so I whisk in some red food coloring to give it that red and white stripe kind of like a candy cane. NATALIE: I am a visual eater. I love when you can incorporate color. Love that red color. Look at it. It's like a vampire movie. I'm okay with edible blood. Competition just runs through my blood, and I want to win this competition because a few years ago, my wife and I lost our house to foreclosure. The economy went down, restaurants were closing, and this money would be very helpful to kind of put us back on our feet. Ready. Ready. Ready. Let's chill these out. Bet you probably forgot this. [ Chuckles ] My bread pudding is hopefully done. Next, I'm going to make a rum-butterscotch sauce. Sugar! The butterscotch texture is creamy and goes really well with the banana and the chocolate-chip flavors of the bread pudding. So, I'm going to melt down the butterscotch with some heavy cream, a little bit of vanilla, and a little bit of rum to get a good, thick butterscotch sauce to pour over top of the bread pudding. I'll nail this part. The flavors that I'm using kind of makes me feel like I'm in the kitchen right now with my family, with my grandma and my mom. We used to bake with butterscotch every holiday, and it's my favorite memory growing up, of baking in the kitchen. Gorgeous. Gorgeous, darling. Check out Pam. She's using spiced rum, which pairs well with butterscotch. Ooh, that smells like rum. Pro move. The deep, buttery flavors from the butterscotch pairs really well with that vanilla flavor that's found in spiced rum. Come on. Time is running out, and I still have to make my vanilla sauce and my candied pecans for my cinnamon-apple bread pudding. I'm stressing a little bit - just a little. Being one of the babies of a big family, I'm probably not normally as confident as I should be. I am used to, you know, people all around me telling me, you know, "Don't do this. Don't do that." So, I want to win so that I can get more confident and prove to myself that I have what it takes to win. Look what Amanda's doing. She put in raw nuts, and she's candying them by putting them in the melted butterscotch. She's made it almost like a toffee, like a peanut brittle with the pecans. That is a absolute baker move. Perfect. Next, I need to make my vanilla sauce. It's just egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, cream. I'm whisking and whisking and whisking so it can become a very rich, but very airy, delicate vanilla sauce. Good. Good. Good. Oh, it's fantastic. My Puerto Rican bread pudding is in the oven baking. The next thing I need to do is a cinnamon whipped cream. Cinnamon, you know you're my favorite. Once I have the cinnamon candy melted down with water, I'm hoping that the candy is going to add cinnamon flavor to the whipped cream so that that'll bring in a whole 'nother candy into my baking. Look at what a pro move Jason is doing by using not only cinnamon, but cinnamon candy. He's already used the butterscotch. Why bring in that cinnamon candy? Because real cinnamon is just gonna accentuate the whipped cream so that it's perfectly seasoned! Look, Jason is a pro. He's not the baker. You're the faker. [ Laughs ] You're - You're the faker! I really want to win this money because I want to invest it back into my business and take my business to a whole 'nother level. I just need this to bake. Yeah, that's the name of the game. Right. All right, two minutes left. Natalie, who are your two bakers? I'm gonna say the pros are Jason and Mark. Jason using the water bath, he knows what he's doing. And Mark is willing to try out something different with that peppermint candy. Only a baker would do that. Damaris, who are your two bakers? Amanda and Mark. I just saw Amanda's custard and also the incorporation of, like, that pecan brittle on the top. Those were absolute pro moves. Mark is the only one thinking about color. He's making it fun. He's making it whimsical. 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Stop your work! Whoo! Great job, you all. I feel good about it. I wanted to have a style that looked a little bit different than what everybody else was doing, and I think I achieved that. Bakers and fakers, I gave you 45 minutes to make delicious bread pudding using hard candy. Jason. Yes? What did you prepare for us? I prepared for you a butterscotch Puerto Rican bread pudding and a cinnamon whipped cream. I love the texture of this, but, for me, it's not exactly a bread pudding. It is identical to that almost slightly undercooked, cinnamon roll center, and it is outstandingly good. I might've liked just a little bit of a citrus note here to brighten it. It starts to feel a little bit heavy. It is like I've been at the mall and I've eaten the whole cinnamon roll, and now I'm just gonna sit in the car and hate myself. [ Laughter ] You know, like, it is rich. I loved that you went outside the box. And it definitely has a different texture. It's nice and creamy. It gets really, really good. I think that the cinnamon is maybe a little too strong, kind of overpowering the butterscotch. I almost don't taste the butterscotch. So, just a little bit more pop with the butterscotch would've taken it to the next level. Amanda. I have a cinnamon-apple butterscotch bread pudding. I put butterscotch pieces into the bread pudding, and then I have a vanilla sauce on top. And I candied the pecans with the butterscotch candy. I love the texture of the pecans, and I love the sweet, creamy, luscious sauce. Thank you. By adding this really green, unsweet apple with the cinnamon, you've balanced it. You've given me a bright note. However... I'm having a little bit of difficulty with the butterscotch pieces. You ground them up. There was a lot of powders. But then there were still some large butterscotch pieces. When I get that butterscotch, it totally - The subtlety of the apples is gone. Thank you. I think that you really nailed the pudding portion. I think that has a nice texture. There's no, like, soupiness at all. At the bottom, I can see right to the bottom. And I think including the apples is great. Unfortunately, there were large pieces of butterscotch at the bottom of my ramekin, and now they're getting stuck in my teeth. Pam, what did you prepare for us? I made a banana chocolate-chip bread pudding for you with a butterscotch sauce on top of it, and a little bit of a candied pecan for garnish. The butterscotch in the sauce is delicious. It is also delicious with the bananas. And it is delicious with the chocolate chips - very smart. Your bread pieces are a little large. Yeah. And so a couple of them are dry in the center. Mm-hmm. Where the sauce has soaked down into it, I thought you were gonna deflate, but it absolutely was the right move because that butterscotch sauce gets down in there, and it's moistening it, and I need that a lot. Thank you. With every bite, I'm getting a different flavor. Like, I'm getting rum, I'm getting banana, I'm getting, you know, chocolate bite, and I love having that variety. I think that there are a few bits that, because you cut the bread pretty large, they're a little bit dry, and I think the sauce could be a little thinner. I think you may have over-reduced the butterscotch, causing the sauce to kind of seize up a little. It could've used a little more liquid to thin it out. But overall, it's really good. Thank you. Mark. Yes? Tell us what you made. I made a chocolate peppermint bread pudding. The starlight mints are infused through the entire dish. Mark, chocolate and peppermint, to me, are a classic combination. Yes! I think it's really smart. You're the only person that chose something other than butterscotch. And for that, I absolutely commend you. But, it's a much deeper vessel than everyone else chose, and so you are not cooked as far. But because you used that chocolate, it's giving you some leeway in there, where, typically, I'd be like, "Oh, this is a little undercooked," because of the chocolate, I'm thinking, "This is just like a molten cake." Thank you. I agree. I think it could've been baked a little longer. It's kind of just a little too gooey. But you are screaming artist. I could tell with your use of colors and your experimenting. And that's what we're all about. I consider myself an artist, too. I think that that's really fun. Thank you. You did a great job, but someone's going home. And now, the judges got to deliberate. My dish was slightly undercooked. However, the chocolate element in there gave it that molten-cake feel, which is great. Win. Bakers and fakers, now it's time to see who won and to find out who is going home. Damaris. The winner of this round is... ...Jason. So, this was not a traditional bread pudding. But you delivered a dessert that was cohesive and absolutely stunning to eat. JASON: Puerto Rican bread pudding is definitely something that's different. But the proof is in the pudding. Natalie, please tell us who made the second-best bread pudding. Pam. Good job, Pam. You're safe. Thank you. All right, judges, we are down to the two bread puddings that you liked the least. Damaris, please tell us who's moving on to Round 2. Amanda. Oh. Unfortunately, Mark, that means you've been eliminated. But before you go, please tell us - Are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... faker! DAMARIS: Oh, no. I told you faker! I can't believe it. You totally had me fooled. Mark, what do you do for a living? I am a balloon artist. What?! I twist balloons for a living. I love balloons! You have any balloons on you? I just might have a few with me. [ Gasps ] Yes! [ Laughs ] Being a balloon artist, I get to be creative every single day. Whether it's a full outfit or a crazy balloon hat, I get to make stuff up all the time. Look, it's a mermaid. Mermaid. [ Laughter ] Whether I'm working with balloons, or I'm working with baking goods, I like putting a lot of whimsy and entertainment value into my creation. Gotcha! Buddy, may I? BUDDY: Please. DAMARIS: Yay! There you go. [ Laughter ] You did such an amazing job, Mark. Thank you so much. Thank you, sir. We appreciate it. Thank you, everybody! Can I try it on? No. Please? It's my hat. I got two bakers and one faker here. Well, we're gonna find out who's who, because in this round, I'm gonna give you guys the freedom to bake whatever you like. But you must incorporate... cereal! PAM: Cereal? Marshmallow Oats, Raisin Bran, Fruit Rings, Cocoa Crunch, and Corn Flakes. [ Chuckling ] Cereal is designed to absorb milk, so if you're using that in baking with any kind of moisture, you could end up with soggy cereal. All right? 45 on the clock. Get baking! We got two bakers, one faker. How are we gonna be able to tell the difference with cereal? I'm really hoping the baker can keep the texture and incorporate the cereal's crunchiness. I agree. I agree. The baker would take one of the really flavorful cereals like the Fruit Rings and use them almost like you do sprinkles in cake mix. Like a funfetti? Exactly! JASON: May the best one win. I'm trying to. [ Chuckles ] I won Round 1, so for the second round, I'm probably going with something a little bit more challenging than I should, but I think I'm gonna have enough time. So, what are you doing, Jason? So, I'm gonna do a red velvet cake and a Fruit Ring cheesecake. Ooh. I'm going to make a red velvet cake, and I'm going to make a filling, which is going to be a Fruit Ring cheesecake. When you make red velvet cake, you traditionally use a cream-cheese frosting, and cheesecake is done with cream cheese. So, it's kind of the same concept. You sure you got enough time? You got 3 hours here? I'm gonna try, Buddy. I need to start my two batters immediately because they need to bake. Mind you, it has to cool before I can even get it on the plate. My cheesecake is looking good. With the cheesecake just being a plain, vanilla cheesecake, I think that the Fruit Rings with the cheesecake is kind of like having your cereal and milk. Funfetti cheesecake? I want the dish to be colorful, I want it to be playful, and I want it to just be the star of the party. Boom. Look, Jason is a pro. He is making his cheesecake in the individual spring pans. That's gonna be able to bake no problem. He's the baker. DAMARIS: Jason is the faker. I think he's trying to do too much. He's giving us red velvet, and he's giving us cheesecake. That's a lot to do in a short amount of time. JASON: Come on. Let's make it happen. I need both of these. I need all of these. I love pumpkin all year round... Don't drop the cereal. ...and pumpkin and chocolate is my favorite flavor combination. So, for Round 2, I am making a pumpkin cheesecake with a Cocoa Crunch crust. Smells like cream cheese. To make my batter, I add cream cheese, pumpkin, some spices, and I whip it all together so that it gets to be a smooth, creamy texture. I'm incorporating the Cocoa Crunch as a crust for my cheesecake. Genius! Chocolate pairs perfectly with those warm spices in a pumpkin cheesecake. Got to get this in the oven. Check out Pam. Great pairing of the rich, sweet chocolate with that pumpkin flavor, which is more subtle. DAMARIS: Pam is using the chocolate cereal as the graham-cracker crust. I absolutely love that technique, which means she's a pro! PAM: It's baking. There we go. I chose the Corn Flakes because I can candy them and mix that into a frosting. So, I am making honey-crunch stuffed cupcakes. They are reminiscent of classic Americana, but with a modern spin. BUDDY: I'm telling you right now, Amanda is the faker. Look, look - she's not even leveling her scoops over there. No way. She's just making a one-bowl cake. She's also sifting all of her ingredients together. That's a classic technique. So, that's gonna bring in a lot of air into the batter and make the cake's texture nice and light and fluffy. That's a baker move. AMANDA: I'm almost in the oven. Making stuffed cupcakes in 45 minutes is risky because if I try to fill a warm cupcake, it's just gonna be this soupy, awful mess. There we go. She has to bake those cupcakes and cool them down if she wants to put any frosting on there that's not gonna melt off. Absolutely. Okay, Corn Flakes. To incorporate the Corn Flakes, I'm going to candy them in honey and sugar. By candying the Corn Flakes, they stay crunchy, and they don't get soggy. Well, I'm gonna switch. I think Amanda is definitely a baker. She is coming up with some really neat ideas of how to incorporate the cereal, which I love. Yeah, pro move. I'm winging this, and I really hope that they turn out how I'm wanting them to. Oh, man. Cheesecake soup. I'm checking on the cheesecake... Big issue going on. Pam's having a little bit of trouble with that cheesecake. ...it's not baking. It's still jiggly. I don't understand why she bakes cheesecake in her pie pan. She should use the small ring molds like Jason used. I'm stressing out a little bit. This is not looking promising for me right now. Shoot. Better turn it up a little bit. Oh, man! PAM: Come on! It's still jiggly. The clock is running down really fast, and my cheesecake is not cooked at all. Pam has one cheesecake that hasn't come out of the oven yet, and it's not cooled down at all. How is she gonna cut that? When you're a baker, you're resourceful. You can think on your feet, adapt to survive. Absolutely. A real baker would have a plan B. I'm gonna try to make another small one just in case. I think it's a smart move to make a smaller one with my extra batter, just in case my larger one doesn't cook in time. Pam is showing us some real baker moves right now, because she has that small cheesecake. She's gonna save it. It's gonna be, like, down to the wire. Oh, that cheesecake's looking nice. My cakes are in the oven baking. You know what? I'm gonna use all of my butter. I decide to make a buttercream, which is a traditional icing, but I want to incorporate myself, my personality, into this plate. I add the cereal into the icing... Looks cute, looks cute. ...because I want to have some crunch and some texture. Mmm. It's all about that crunch. Nice. My cheesecakes are done. Check it. Check it. Check it. Check it. ♪♪ It's not baking ♪♪ But that red velvet cake is just not baking. I got to crank that. You know, the problem with Jason right now, and why I think he's a faker is that he doesn't have enough time for his idea. Your cakes aren't out of the oven. They're never gonna cool in time to put the buttercream. He needs to have a plan B. How do we know he doesn't have a plan B, and he's just waiting till the last minute? Let's just see what happens. The waiting game. I know. I'm just hoping this is going to bake. Come on, cake. Come on, cake. How's it going over there? It's going. It's going? While my cupcakes are still in the oven, I need to get started on my honey mousse for the filling. That has to be cooked over a double boiler. A double boiler gives you more space between the heat source and your eggs so that they cook slowly. Your hand looks like it's getting tired over there. My gosh, this is taking forever. There we go. I add the caramelized Corn Flakes so that the frosting has a nice crunch. Amanda is folding in her candied cereal into the mousse. NATALIE: Such a great idea. The flavor of cereal isn't exciting to me. The texture of cereal is exciting to me. Amanda is definitely a baker. AMANDA: They're gonna be hot. That is going to be a big, big problem. My cupcakes, they'll cool down a lot faster if I can open them up and pull out some of that inside right now. My God, those are hot. DAMARIS: So, Amanda did something very, very baker-like. By taking the centers out of those cupcakes and then putting them into the freezer, now they're gonna get extra cold so that when she puts the mousse in, it won't melt. So smart. That's fantastic. [ Chuckles ] All right. Cup of milk, whip that up. While the cheesecake is in the oven, I start my whipped cream. Just a little more - secret ingredient. I'm incorporating more Cocoa Crunch into my whipped cream for that chocolate flavor. Can't go wrong with a little extra. This little one. I'm kicking myself in the butt for not using individual ramekins. I'm just gonna use this one. But it's gonna have to work. The big one is a lost cause. Luckily, things seem to be working the way they need to work, and my smaller cheesecake seems pretty okay. BUDDY: We're almost at the end, here. Natalie, who are the two bakers? Jason and Amanda are the bakers. Amanda is playing flavors and textures off of each other by stuffing it with a mousse and incorporating the amazing Corn Flake crunch, which I love. And I think that Jason pairing the fruity cereal with the cheesecake, kind of like fruit and cheese, it's super balanced. Damaris? Pam and Amanda are the two bakers. Amanda, because she cut out the centers out of those cupcakes and then put them into the freezer, so that when she puts the mousse in, it won't melt. Pam, because she really understand flavors. Pumpkin and chocolate are a super classic combination. Oh, let's see. Hot, hot. The red velvet cake just finished cooking. No. It's way too hot, so I have to change my plan. Watch. Us bakers need to adapt on the fly, so I decide I'm gonna use it as a crumble. BUDDY: One minute left! Down to the wire! What is Jason doing?! Oh, my gosh! Come on! Come on! I'm waiting till the last 30 seconds. I got it. Come on! Come on! 30 seconds! Oh, he's going! Oh, my God. Jason's done something really smart, here. BUDDY: 15 seconds! He's taken the red velvet that was too hot, crumbled it up, and is putting it on top of the cheesecake. 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Stop! Whoo! Good job, you all. That was close. This is not what I had planned at all, but I'm actually really happy with what I've done. AMANDA: The mousse didn't really have time to set like it needed to, but nothing is starting to melt, so I feel pretty good. PAM: My dish is not pretty, but my saving grace is the flavors. They are absolutely delicious. Are you a baker or a faker? I... Am... A... Ohhh! I gave you 45 minutes to bake anything you wanted using cereal. Amanda, what did you prepare for us? AMANDA: I have a honey-crunch stuffed cupcake. What cereal did you use? The Corn Flakes, I candied them in honey, then mixed them into the whipped topping. DAMARIS: Because you did a yellow cake, they tend to have almost like a cornmeal flavor to them. So, because you did that, and then you chose the cornflakes, all the flavors are spot-on. I have a little bit of an issue with the mousse. Your mousse is a little loose. When I get into it, it starts to leak out. My cupcake was a little warm. Exactly. I knew that would happen. But this is a really nicely presented cupcake. Thank you so much. The candied Corn Flakes is just such a great idea, and I loved that you put it into that mousse. I like the texture and having that crunch. It's really good. But there's too much of the icing on top. Okay. It's a lot. The ratio could be tweaked a little bit. But it's really, really good. Thank you. Pam? Today I made for you a pumpkin Cocoa Crunch cheesecake with a cinnamon cocoa whipped cream. What cereal did you use? Cocoa Crunch in both the whipped cream and the crust of the cheesecake. I think that the flavors are amazing. I love that you incorporated the Cocoa Crunch into the crust. It's a great flavor, it's not too sweet, and it complements the cheesecake really well. But the whipped cream was overwhipped. And if I were you, I probably would've gone and remade it. This is not the prettiest cheesecake that I've ever seen, but it is delicious. Thank you. You really like those warm spices. Yeah. It was really smart to make an aggressively seasoned whipped cream to go with your subtle cheesecake. You did it perfectly. But I wish you would've chosen a different vessel for baking. I think that if you'd baked them individually, even in a ramekin, this would've been flawless. Thank you. Jason. Judges, today I prepared for you a Fruit Ring cheesecake with a red velvet crumble and a Fruit Ring buttercream. I used the Fruit Ring cereal in the cheesecake as well as the buttercream. Judges? I think that you took this cereal, and you ran with it. The cereal ground up in the cheesecake is great. It's a delicate flavor. But because you've added it with the dairy, it's similar to cereal and milk. I think that's so smart. But I do not care for the buttercream. I don't know in what world you'd ever pair a buttercream with a cheesecake. This is so fun. The crumbled up red velvet tastes amazing. You did that in a really short amount of time. So, that's awesome. I've decided that I don't want cheesecake with the buttercream. But when I take some of that red velvet, and then I add that buttercream, it's like two desserts in one. But adding the cereal in the buttercream doesn't really make sense because it is a little bit chewy instead of having that crunch. But overall, it's really good. Thank you. Thank you. BUDDY: Now comes the hard part. The judges need to deliberate. The mousse is loose. But Damaris seemed like she really liked my cupcake. That frosting could have just been left off the plate. But they love the flavor of the red velvet and how it was in a topping, so I think that's really what's gonna set me apart and make me unique. The judges told me that my whipped cream was overwhipped. But the flavor of the cinnamon and the Cocoa Crunch in the whipped cream paired really well with the pumpkin, and I think that they appreciated that. Bakers and faker, in this envelope is the name of the winner. But before I reveal who the winner is, I want you guys to reveal who you really are. Let's start with Amanda. Are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... Amanda, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... baker. Oh! I'm shocked. I'm not! Where are you a baker? I own my own stuffed cupcake business, called Baby Cakes. We are best known for my stuffed cupcakes, and right now, I'm operating my business out of my parents' restaurant, so I have a very, very small hallway of a space. I started baking professionally when I was 15 with my grandmother. She was a huge inspiration for me, and a lot of my cooking style is from her. Oh, good job. Good job. Thank you. Baking is in my blood. I've done it ever since I can remember. You did a great job. Thank you. Jason, are you a baker or a faker? I... am... a... faker! No! No! What?! No way! No way are you a faker! Get out of here! What do you do? I currently work as a manager for a publishing company, John Wiley & Sons. At work, we publish a lot of cookbooks, baking books. So, I was able to use those books as inspiration to teach myself baking. Growing up, I was an actor, a model, professional dancer. That was really my creative outlet. And now I took all of that energy and all of that creativity, and I put it into my baking. My dream is to bake full-time and have my own business. Madonna mia, huh? That's unbelievable. Pam, I guess you're a baker! I'm a baker. Where are you a baker? I own a cupcake shop in Philadelphia. Ooh, awesome. I opened up Pamcakes Cupcakery about 6 years ago with my dad. We have a spiked eggnog cupcake today. We do a whole variety of gourmet cupcakes. In the last couple years, my dad and I have become very, very close. We've worked a lot of long hours together. He's definitely helped me build my dream. I get to go into work every, single day and do something that I'm passionate about. It's my happy place. So, now that we know who you are, it's only fair that I let you know who won. Pam and Amanda, if either of you win, you win $10,000. Whoo! And Jason, if you win, you win $15,000. Yes! All right, guys. The winner is... ...Amanda! Wow. [ Applause ] Congratulations. Wow. Whoo. That cupcake was astounding. It really was so good. And you should be so proud of what you did here, today. That Corn Flake idea, girl, I am gonna steal that as soon as I get home. I'm so excited. With the $10,000 and having the confidence to know that I can do it on my own, I will be getting my own bakery. It's gonna be great. Great job. Thank you so much. Thank you. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 