The Closer: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Deputy Chief Brenda Johnson, recently relocated to Los Angeles from Atlanta, joins and heads LAPD's newest team formed to deal with high-profile murders. Recruited by her new boss, Assistant Chief Will Pope, Brenda has difficulty being accepted by her resentful staff. In her first case, they investigate the murder of a woman found in the home of Dr. Eliot Collier, a mathematician who has been missing for two weeks. Oddly, only the victim's fingerprints can be found in Collier's house. With only Chief Pope and an unexpected old friend (FBI agent Fritz Howard) in her corner, Brenda demonstrates superior interrogation techniques miles ahead of everyone when it comes to solving complex cases. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dr. Collier would never kill anybody, never. Uh-huh. Ellen is it? Ellen Parks. You're Dr. Collier's receptionist. His secretary. He's not a medical doctor, you know. He's an important mathematician. He doesn't go around killing people. Yeah, well, Ellen, there's a dead woman lying on the floor of his master bedroom with a big, big, big gunshot wound in her face. So how do you think that happened if Dr. Collier didn't kill her? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You brought his car keys? Any idea where your boss is now? On vacation in Hawaii. He stayed longer than planned. Hey, Flynn. they're ready. We'll be back in a minute, ok? - Wanna stay with her? - You got it. I guess Collier never told his cleaning lady he was staying late at the Luau. - Any I.D. on the victim? - Several. Two driver's licenses, two passports. All fakes, except the pictures have been cut out. What? Let's hurry along, boys. I got a date and the clock is ticking. Do we really need these masks? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I declared her dead from the hallway, but... hey, you decide. I got rid of the flies, maggots, and ants. She cleaned up real good. You're a prince. - Flynn. - Waters. Robbery-homicide. She was naked like that when we got here. Yeah, that's what they all say, doc. Yeah. And guess what. The shot to the face? That wasn't what killed her. I'd lift the head and show you, but she's been dead for 2 weeks now and stuff would fall out. So here's the order. Blunt force heavy blows to the back of the head, 4 or 5 of them. Then the hair was cut, clothes were removed, and boom, someone shot her in the face. Looks like love. Who might you be? Dr. Tanaka, deputy chief Brenda Johnson, head of our new priority murder squad from Atlanta. Nice to meet you, doctor. And you remember lieutenants Flynn and Waters, don't you, ma'am? Yes, I do. Nice to see y'all again. Mind if I just jump right in here, doctor? Excuse me. Any sign of sexual assault? I don't know, I'm not gonna examine until tomorrow. I'm just here to declare the victim dead and write it up as a homicide. Something a coroner's attendant usually does, but some asshole at Parker Center insisted on a doctor. Mm-hmm. That asshole would be me. Oh. Excuse me. Look, doctor. Just beside the ear canal and on the edge of the lobe. That's not blood. It's dried vomit. Killer threw up. Over here. See? The rug's discolored. Someone used detergent here to clean up the vomit. You might want to move this light and put a marker over here. This crime doesn't look premeditated to me. Sorry to interrupt your evenin', doctor, but I'm gonna have to ask you to expedite this autopsy. When the body's ready I'll go with you to the morgue. Thank you very much. Uh, Gabriel, I miss something? Or is your little priority murder squad taking over the case? - Is that it? - This is not my idea. Ok? This comes directly from assistant chief Pope. Pope?! Thank you. I beg your pardon, ma'am. Yes, lieutenant. I don't know who you think you are, but we were assigned this case by captain Taylor. Well, there's been a change of plans. Look, since you're gettin' emotional about this, why don't we- I don't get emotional. I am damned angry! Well, thank you for speaking your mind. Look, I hate to pull rank on my very first week, but I think it would be best if you handed your notes over to sergeant Gabriel here, took a deep breath and went on back to your car. I can get what I need from your partner here. Waters, did you obtain a search warrant for the car and garage? Hey, Gabriel, you might explain to deputy chief Brenda Johnson here that this is a crime scene, that the maid found the body in the bedroom. in L.A., that's probable cause and you don't need a search warrant. The garage is not attached to the house. The car's inside the garage. You need a prior authorization to examine both, so I repeat: do you have a warrant? I'll take that as a no. Excuse me. Ma'am? Did Dr. Collier give you permission to open his garage to strangers? No. I didn't think so. Pardon me! Could y'all step away from what you're doin' and come out of the garage? Thank you very much. Look, it's all one house. And the guy's secretary gave us the car keys. No need to be a bitch about it. Excuse me... lieutenant, but if I liked being called a bitch to my face, I'd still be married. She was ordering my boys around like they were her servants. I need a warrant to look up the victim's skirt, "y'all." Look, Pope, this idea of a priority murder squad - it's expensive and redundant. These are not objections I heard when the squad reported to you. When the squad reported to me, it wasn't undercutting my authority as captain of robbery-homicide. And to bring this girl-woman-person- whatever it is we're supposed to call them nowadays- Listen, taylor, we tried running the squad your way, and we ended up with a 20-year veteran of the department indicted for perjury, and the murderer was off doin' interviews with Larry King. We're handing too many of these celebrity cases off to the D.A. with less than compelling evidence, especially when these big defense lawyers get involved... Sliding back into O. J. territory. Are you telling me some computer geek like Collier is a celebrity? This Collier's developed an antipiracy program that his boss Dr. Harlan Brown, fourth richest man in america, by the way- I just mention that in passing- an antipiracy computer program that he values at around a half a trillion dollars. Giving her this case is a judgment on my ability. No. It's an acknowledgement that we the department, need more specialization. Brenda is a C.I.A. - trained interrogator with excellent references from the Atlanta Police Department and a reputation for getting confessions that lead directly to convictions. She worked for me in Washington and I'm tellin' you, she's not Miss Congeniality, I'm aware of that but she is a closer. Now, the chief wants this to happen and I'm gonna do it. And hear me... because if that means I have to transfer or demote people to get it done... that's exactly what I'll do. Guys work all their lives to make deputy chief. I've given L.A.P.D. 21 years. And she waltzes in here from 3,000 miles away, not a day of experience on our beat, and she outranks me? You know the rules. She either starts as a rookie officer or a deputy chief. There was nothing in-between. She doesn't have a sixth-floor office. She's not included in conference. She's a deputy chief in name only. Well, she sure isn't actin' like that. You might find this helpful, sir... when you're thinkin' about who you want to transfer or demote to make your little murder squad work. Hi, mama. No. No, I was just waitin' for my ride. Oh, no, they gave me a car. I just don't know my way around here yet. Well, big. Everything's... spread out all over the place. It's beautiful. Sunny. Oh, I'm fine, just... everyone around here's so perfect-lookin', that's all. Well... thank you, mama, but I'm not. Yep. Last night. My first investigation. Mama, look, you always ask me that and when I tell you, you're always horrified, and it ends up being an argument about what I do for a livin'. It's just too late to go back and try the ballet. No, I'm-I'm not mad. I just- I just don't have time for a life discussion, that's all. So. No. You tell daddy that I'll call him back. Mama, my ride is here. My ride is here. My ride. Ok. Ok. You, too. Bye. Dr. Collier deleted his entire employment record. So. We have no picture and no fingerprints. What about the DMV? Never had a California driver's license. Medical records? He had himself listed as a christian scientist, so no checkups. And all the surveillance cameras at his company, video gets taped over after 2 weeks. Great. So. This murder may not have been premeditated, but this disappearance was. This can't be right. The victim's prints are everywhere in Collier's house... In his car, in his office, too. But Collier's prints are nowhere? How did he manage that? Where's the financial report? Can you wait until the banks open? We need information off Dr. Collier's office computers and access to his professional e-mail. I already asked for that stuff, his company won't cooperate. I'm sorry if you're tired, sergeant. I'm not tired... chief. I - I can't. Look, I gotta go. Chief? Chie - uh, chief. How are you today, detective Tao? Excuse me? Oh. I mean... fine. Sorry. Um... I was doin' some background on Dr. Collier? I found his mother this morning. The Elliott Collier with this social security number died... when he was 19. Who is this guy? All right, detective Tao, thank you very much. Ok, everybody, I hope you finished your breakfast. We got an autopsy report to go over everybody, listen up. Will... I didn't know you were gonna be in here today. Don't look at any of this... Such a mess. Um... I didn't know you were coming in here. Don't look at this. So. Uh, what's up? Uh, I have something I have to show you. Ok. The marks here on the back of the head come from a small cube-like object with a density of granite. Those are requests for transfer back to robbery-homicide... from every single member of your squad. Now the first blow landed as the victim was turning. And then the others came after she had already fallen. I think captain Taylor put 'em up to it. But... truthfully we may have underestimated the difficulty of having this new murder squad run by... someone from outside. I would completely understand if you decided this was... more than you want to put up with. Will, I sold my house. I turned down a position at homeland security, which I'm sure is no longer available. If I lose this job... After the ethics inquiry I was put through in Atlanta... You know, they may dislike me 'cause I'm new and... because captain Taylor doesn't want me here. Relax, Will, because... once I get to work and they see me in action, they'll have a whole list of other reasons to hate my guts. About 12 years ago the victim had breast reduction surgery as well as work done along the jaw line. Indications are she had a nose job as well. Which means she was serious about changin' her appearance. So, what do we know about this crime, really? Or the motive Dr. Collier had for committin' it? Not much. No sign of sexual abuse. We have a slug from a.44 magnum, which detective lieutenant Provenza might walk down to firearms analysis to see if markings match up to any known criminal weapons. And, detective... Garth... you could assemble Collier's finances. Might be somethin' there. Detective Sanchez and detective Daniels, if you could join detective lieutenant Tao puttin' together a more complete picture of this guy. And... keep sergeant Gabriel informed of your progress... because we need to focus on progress... lady and gentlemen. 'Cause all we have right now is a woman we can't identify... murdered by a man who doesn't exist. Allowing you access to Dr. Brown's computer systems also gives you entry into the new encryption program. Can't do it. And besides the idea that - that Dr. Collier murdered anyone is absurd. So, where's your client, Mr. Banks? How come he never showed up in his hotel room in Hawaii? Look, Elliott Collier is a genius. A little affected, a bit, uh, reclusive but he's not a murderer. What do you mean, "affected"? Well, like Steven Jobs. You know who he is, don't you? One of the founders of Apple computer? Well, Mr. Jobs almost always wears khakis and black turtlenecks in to work. And Elliott copies him in that. And he's... terrified of colds. He always puts on plastic gloves before he'll touch anybody else's keyboard. Now, is this obsessive-compulsive behavior? Yes. But it comes with real genius, Ms. Johnson. Dr. Collier's program may be the most profitable innovation in internet technology since e-mail. And how much will this antipiracy program be worth if this so-called Dr. Collier disappears and we can't find him? Under those circumstances I'd say your encryption program's probably worth... oh, air in a jug. Uh, whoa. Whoa. What do you mean by "so-called"? The man usin' the name Elliott Collier created that identity by stealin' the social security number of a teenager who died in 1989. So whatever you do... don't let Dr. Collier pay you by credit card. Ms. Johnson... my law firm includes 2 members of the L.A.P.D. police commission. Don't begin your tenure by antagonizing me. Wait. Wait. This-this suggestion that Elliott isn't who he said he was- Now, isn't it possible that you're mistaken? What's possible, sir, is that when I release this information to the media, I can forcefully express my shock at how a company whose entire reason for existin' is to make things more secure, but has been deceived on a daily basis by its most valuable employee... What will that do to the share value of your stock? I need Dr. Brown to sign that waiver allowin' us to search Collier's office and computers. Or I can... call a press conference. It's up to you. Thank you so much. Gentlemen. I'm walkin' this slug through whether you like it or not. You think so? Over my dead body. Let me tell you somethin'. I've been in this department too long to get mixed up in this political bullshit! - I'll tell you what, Taylor. - You'll tell me what? - Yeah, I'll tell you what! - I can't hear you. 'Cause you ain't sayin' nothin'! What the hell is goin' on here? My men have cases been waitin' 3, 4 weeks down here, and they're gonna push past 'em? No, no, no! I requested a transfer back to robbery-homicide. Ok, do not screw with me, Gabriel. You wanted this job. You campaigned for it. I still have your thank-you note. Give me the slug and move on. Come on, come on, come on. Bye, Provenza. Everybody, let's go. Come on, go catch some bad guys. - Now, look. - You haven't let me explain my side. I'm not interested in your side. You have no idea of the heat we're taking on this case. I'm fielding calls from senators. That's plural. Senators. Collier gets away, someone is gonna be held accountable, so why don't you back off? Because if this case has to crash and burn, I'm guessing you would prefer that Brenda do that all by herself. I don't know what you're implying, sir, but I would never deliberately screw up a murder investigation. Yeah. Right. Now, do you have a problem with me cutting in line? Not at all, sir. Not at all. Dr. Collier transferred nearly every dollar he made into accounts connected to the victim's aliases. I mean, Collier pays a lease on his house, the gas, the electric, the phone. the rest goes mostly to our Jane Doe. Like here- 3 days before he leaves, Collier transfers everything he has left into two of the victim's bank accounts. Sounds like blackmail. Except why would he transfer money to her when he's plannin' on disappearin'? Hey. He didn't get rid of everything. Tech services is sending over a couple things. Help yourself. No one gets in or out of his company's secure area without an iris scan. Hey... does the iris have any identifying characteristics, you know, like a limp or a, you know, talk with an accent or something? Children... in the land of no evidence, the left eye iris is king. He's our friend. We're calling him Max. Oh. And I have these. Mash notes to his secretary. >From Dr. Collier's e-mail accounts. "Ellen, I cannot tell you how much last night meant. When your lips touched mine..." Oh! This she didn't mention. Uh... run it through the system and see what we have on Ellen Parks. With a little cross around her neck. Now, what if Ellen found out her boss was living with another woman? And killed her in a jealous rage? And what happened to Dr. Collier? No. It's more likely she helped him escape. But is she helpin' him now? Maybe Dr. Collier was planning on going off with this woman, and, Ellen killed both of them. Yeah? You wanted somethin'? Uh... what happened to the slug? You get anything back from firearms analysis? Didn't college boy here tell you? Don't I even warrant a return call before you head home to the beautiful and lovely Estelle? I was gonna get back to you from the car. I have dinner plans. Oh, sounds vaguely familiar, doesn't it? Me waitin' to hear from you, you off with your wife. Different city. Different wife, but still... The FBI hadn't gotten back to me on our Jane Doe's prints. - That could take a week. - Maybe not. I got a lot of friends there. But not hearin' from them makes the firearm analysis more important. So... where is it? I - I don't have it yet. But I moved you to the head of the line. And I made it clear that's where you belong. Brenda, I just upheld your authority. This is where you thank me. You promised me there wouldn't be any question about my authority. Every time I turn around, I'm havin' to remind people that I go first. Makes me really popular. Well, why do you always push harder than necessary? I mean, what does this slug have to do with anything, really? Because the more I find out about the victim and Dr. Collier, the more they have in common. I think somehow they were partners. They were both... livin' together. They were dropout artists, both obsessed with hidin' their identities. And why do people do that, Will? Probably 'cause they're criminals. And the bullet that was fired in the victim's head, that could've been fired from a gun used in another crime, one that the victim or Dr. Collier changed their identities to escape. That slug could tell me who they are. Look, Will, now is no time to go all wobbly on me. Brenda, you have my total support, you know that. I just- Well, there's a problem with your management style that I did not anticipate. And I can't change the way these guys feel about you. You're the one person I was countin' on. Ok, no, no, no. What - wait a minute. That's not fair. I know what you're up to. You've always played both sides of the fence. And I can just hear you now with Taylor... "back off." Brenda, that's - you're just being paranoid. Come on, you know... You know how much... I admire you. You know. Yeah. That's the problem. I do know. You have led me on, Will, again. Which you've always done with women and it's forgivable from a personal standpoint but this is my life. You're screwin' with! My life! I want that slug back... and I want that report. Have a nice dinner. Working with the portrait artist putting together a picture of Dr. Collier, but she knows something's up. Volunteers on weekends for work in her parish. Never married. One arrest. Oh, great. In front of a planned parenthood clinic. Lovely. All right, you've been with her all day so you can stay with me. But just smile and look reassurin'. And, uh, sergeant Gabriel, you can go on home. I'll be drivin' myself to work from now on. Excuse me. Ma'am, can I talk to you for a second, please? I should be in this interview. I don't need you. Ok, can I say something? You are taking this business about people asking to go back to robbery-homicide way too personal. It's just-nobody... Nobody should've come in our department the way you did. You know? And another thing. Captain Taylor? I know you've had your trouble with him, but he's a great guy. All right? He got the L.A.P.D. to pay for my masters at U.S.C., and he got me my first promotion. - If you give him a- - Sergeant Gabriel, um... I think I'm old enough to drive myself to work without being thought vindictive. Ok, all right, that is not what I meant by- And as far as captain Taylor is concerned, I should probably explain that I do not form my relationships with people based on how they're treatin' you. That would be your mother, maybe. It's just that... you worked late last night, that's all. Go home and get some sleep, and I'll see you tomorrow. Bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Oh. Thank you very much... detective Daniels. All right, then. Hello, Ellen. Thank you so much for your help. Oh, I love your cross! It's very pretty. Thank you. My mother gave it to me when I was thinking of becoming a nun, which is funny, actually, because she was so against it at the time. Your mother didn't want you to be a nun? She's a bit of a church activist, isn't she? Well, we're... very pro life. Yes. But... I guess there's a difference... between living by the church's teachings, which we do, and, uh... withdrawing completely from the world. Well... if you ask me, the world... - 'Scuse me. - ...shape right now. We could do with a few more people wearin' crosses. So, your mother didn't mind you working for Dr. Collier? No. No. So she met him, then? He passed the all-important mother test? Yes. So, you still live with your mother. Yes. My father died when I was 15. - So... I... - Come on, come on. show her the e-mails. Help with the mortgage and stuff like that. So, you had a relationship with Dr. Collier outside the office? A friendship. Oh, I-I assumed that... it was more than that, because you had keys to his house, so I-I just assumed that... Oh. No. He would give me keys when he would go on vacation. But... the keys didn't indicate that there was anything romantic. I've actually never dated anyone... ever. So... Well... I'm so glad to hear that. Because if you were datin' him, then the question I'm about to ask you might hurt your feelings. Did you know that Dr. Collier was livin' with the victim? No. - He never mentioned that? - No. You never met her or saw her? No. Well, they had a relationship of some kind. Um... we found her fingerprints in his office at work. Well, that's just... really surprising because... there are very strict rules about that, and I'm just... It's just very surprising that Dr. Collier would do something like that. I know. It's always hard when we discover someone we care about isn't who we think he is. Well, Ellen... thank you so much for your time. That's it? - We're finished? - Yes. And you've been very helpful. But promise me something 'cause I know he was your friend. Dr. Collier gets in touch with you again, you must let us know. Yes. Don't let me leave here concerned about you. No. Thank you. Growing skepticism on wall street that'd make- We're goin' a little bit lighter and a little bit darker than your skin tone so that you will always be able to match exactly... Hello? Fritz? Well, hi! How are you? Where are you? Oh, no. Oh, you're kiddin' me. No! No, not at all. I'll-I'll be right ther. Just down. Just, um... just gimme-gimme 2 minutes. Uh, just-just 21/2. And-and order me a merlot. Ok? All right. Bye. Oh, Fritz. Fritz, I didn't know you were livin' here. Since when? 31/2 years. 30 pounds ago. You should try and stay in touch more. You know? I know, I know. I'm terrible. I can't even keep an address book together. No one could've made me believe you'd accept a transfer to L.A. I love it here. You know what I like best? - This wine is yours. - Oh, thanks. Thank you. What I like best is no matter how hot it gets during the day, the nights... are always cool. You'll forget Washington and Atlanta in one summer. Here's to no humidity. Cheers. So, you're workin' for Pope again, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I shoulda gone with you to the FBI while I had the chance. And you? How's, uh... um... Elaine? Is it Elaine? Cindy. She's gone. No, it, uh... She started therapy and, uh... blah, blah, blah. Long story. Some other time. Ok. Jackie sent this over to you from D.C. this mornin'. Normally, you'd get it tomorrow, but I saw your name on it. I did a little investigating. I thought I'd hand-deliver it to you tonight. Before I give it to you, though... Brenda... I don't want you to just tear it open and run upstairs. You gotta promise me you're gonna sit here finish your wine, catch up... I will. Why does everyone think I'm so horrible? And really, Fritz, do you expect me to believe that after spendin' 3 years around the women here that what you really want to do is hang around a hotel bar with me? Oh, shut up. You look terrific. Now, you really want to feel bad about yourself, I'll take you up to Santa Barbara someday. It's like visiting stepford. I kid you not. It's your I.D. on your Jane Doe. You were right. Your victim's got a record. In fact, she's wanted for murder. Our victim's name was Alana Devon. She would've turned 40 next month. In 1991, she shot a security guard outside a pharmaceutical company during an act up protest. I suppose you all know what act up is. Lieutenant Provenza doesn't know. Act up is an organization dedicated to raisin' awareness about aids. Oh, jeez! Are you tellin' me that she's a murderer and a lesbo? I'm sure, detective Provenza, that when you say "lesbo, " you don't intend that in a derogatory way, since that would mean you'd be spendin' the next 2 weeks in a sensitivity seminar. Again? No. No. Lesbo is... I just thought it was short for lesbian. It isn't. So, yes, Alana... was a lesbian. There's also some question as to whether or not she acted alone or actually meant to fire the gun. Like Collier, she was a computer scientist, and like him, she changed her identity. And the gun that fired this bullet into her face is the same gun used in the original crime. So you think Collier's connected to this crime, too. May I see those, please? Yes, you may. I need to take another look at Alana's body. Ok. So, I don't know how she figures into this anymore, but- She who? Collier's secretary Ellen. Here. The last day he was in town, Ellen closes her checking account. Following monday, she reopens it. Chief. The morgue released the body. What? On whose authority? As soon as the I.D. comes out and the medical examiner certifies he's finished, the body is released by law to the family. You had no right to send that information to the morgue. Family's been waitin' 15 years for Alana to come home, they can wait 3 more days. I need her body to make my case. You're telling me you're that close to finding Collier? If I can get his secretary to cooperate, yes. And how does the body figure into this? What's so important- I don't report to you, captain, so your question's irrelevant. - Excuse me?! - Everybody, just calm down. You need Alana's body to find Collier? I wouldn't be here if I didn't. You'll have the body back tomorrow morning. Thank you very much. Did you hear the way she spoke to me? Did you hear? Sit down. We need to talk. I just wanted to say that, um... and I didn't mean anything by it... but... I was the one who told Taylor you had I.D.'d the body. Well, I understand. He was your friend. Um... I usually get along better with people around here than I have been with you. I'm-I'm organized. I'm... usually pretty good at figurin' out what people need or... what they think they need or what they... want... from me. Uh... but... to be honest, I'm... havin' a little trouble figurin' that out with you. Well, when all else fails you can try bein' yourself. Yeah, well, that... sounds radical, but I'd be, uh... willing. 'Cause I... Actually I have a couple questions, uh... like... have you been able to figure out how Dr. Collier was able to get rid of his fingerprints from everywhere? Yes. Oh. Ok. Um... and that... bit about gettin' the body back and finding him. Now, is that true, or were you bluffing? Oh, I never... bluff, sergeant Gabriel. I just... express my optimism forcefully. You ordered Ellen Parks picked back up and held overnight. I did. I don't see how that helps us unless she tells us where Dr. Collier is. I mean, we don't have the gun. I mean, we don't have the murder weapons. We don't have any witnesses. Ellen will be very helpful with all of that, I promise. This more of your forceful optimism? Oh, no. It's my experience... Because as any good interrogator will tell you... as hard as a secret is to uncover, it's even harder to keep. Good night, sergeant. Um... sure. Good night... ma'am. Come in. Why did you pick this woman up last night and then ignore her all day? Because I'm preparin' myself and lettin' her stew. It's perfectly legal. You're gonna interrogate her and walk out of that room knowing where Collier is, knowing why the murder took place? I already know those things. You have proof this woman is connected to the murder? I can place her at the scene of the crime. I need her to tell me what happened. All right. What if you lay your cards on the table and she stiffs us? Then you'll never see her again without an attorney and we are screwed. Are you tryin' to encourage me or make me nervous? I'm just tryin' to figure out why you're so damn confident you can get this woman to help you. Well, because, Will, I know a little somethin' about admirin' the boss and findin' out he's not the guy you thought he was. All right, then, let's go. I thought you were my friend. It's important, Ellen, that you do not say anything yet and let me explain why. - Why am I being kept here? I haven't done anything. - Unless you let me finish speaking, I'll have to put you formally under arrest. Is that what you want? If I do charge you with a crime you'd be entitled to an attorney. Do you want me to charge you so you can have a lawyer with you? No, I don't want to be charged with anything. Ok. But there are things that have to be said when we investigate a murder or I'll get in trouble. Sergeant Gabriel here is gonna to inform you of your rights so we don't make any mistakes. Ellen Radcliff Parks, you are under investigation for murder. You have the right... She should shake the bitch by the shoulders and see what pops out. Why do you call every woman you see a bitch? Why do you do that? Oh, shut up, Daniels. She's a murder suspect. Asshole. And proud of it. Do you wish to continue at this time and waive your right to an attorney? Yes, yes. Sit down, please. Now, I want you to know that I've kept the police from arresting you, and I have done this because I wanna help you. Because we want real justice here but I have to tell you how disappointed I am, Ellen because you lied to me. Here is the email correspondence between you and Dr. Collier, which directly contradicts this notion that you and he were only friends. You were not just friends, you were having an affair, isn't that so? It wasn't an affair. You loved him. He loved you. You wrote it here. See? It wasn't an affair. You kissed. You were romantic with each other. We never- I never- Ellen, I'm sorry, I can't. Sergeant Gabriel. Just wait a minute. Just wait a minute. I am telling you that it wasn't an affair. I had never- We were not... physical. But you were emotionally intimate. Yes. Now, Ellen, I know the answers to most of these questions, so do not lie to me again or I'll have to accept the fact that I can't help you, and I'll leave. Now, you and Dr. Collier were very close. You loved him. He loved you. Did he tell you that he had changed his name? Yes. That's good, Ellen. That's a relief to me. You're telling me the truth now. Let's stick with that. Did he tell you that he was living under a false identity? Yes. And that he was involved with the shooting of a security guard? Yes. And you kept that information from the police, why? Because it was an accident. He didn't mean to kill anybody. And he showed you the gun? Yes, yes, he showed it to me. And did he tell you that in spite of everything he had done to hide himself, that someone had recently recognized him? Yes. So, Dr. Collier decided that he'd have to disappear, and he wanted you to go with him? I didn't... have any... - intention of going- - You closed your checking account. Ellen, I warned you about lying. I'm sorry. Sergeant. I was not - would you please wait a minute!? I said, I had not decided... to go with him. I am not lying! Let me explain. I think I know where she's going with this. Elliott had told me that if I went with him... that I wouldn't be able to see my mother anymore... that I couldn't even call her. So I had not decided. But you went to his house that night, and he had a passport for you, a fake passport. You can just nod if you want to. Now, let's talk about Alana Devon for a moment. 'Cause that night you were leavin', that was when you first met her, isn't it? Could you ask him... to step outside, please? Yes. Go on. I'll help you through this. Sit down. These things have to be said... even though what Alana did to you was so unfair... and so unkind. Alana Devon fired the actual shot that killed the security guard. People saw her. So she used her computer skills to hack into atms and credit card accounts. And she disappeared. She had plastic surgery. That changed her jaw line and her nose and reduced her breasts. And she proceeded to live her life in permanent disguise. She always wore turtle necks to hide the fact that she had no adam's apple. She also claimed to be a christian scientist, so she wouldn't have to take the company physical. That's why we only found Alana's fingerprints in Dr. Collier's house and in his office and in his car. Not because Alana was living with Dr. Collier, but because she was Dr. Collier. Do you know how I can prove this, Ellen? The shot that was fired in Alana's face missed her left eye. And when I took her body back to the morgue, I found that the iris scan of Alana's left eye matched exactly the scan of Elliott Collier's left eye. So the man with whom you were having an affair wasn't a man at all. He was a woman. And that night you were leaving, he told you the truth. He showed you who he was. I have it right, don't I, Ellen? Or are you a lesbian? Maybe you're a lesbian. If you are a lesbian, I'd- I am not... a lesbian. How could you say that to me? How could you say something so disgusting and so horrible? How could you say that? But you didn't mean to kill him, did you? You hadn't planned on that. Just for the record, though, just so it's clear that it wasn't on purpose, could you please say that out loud? I didn't... mean... to kill him. I was kissing him, and she... pulled my hand down... against her and I... I picked the paperweight up... off the desk, and I... I hit him over the head with it. I... I hit her in the head. Then when she fell, I just beat her head in. I just beat her head in. At some point, you realized that Alana's face still looked like Elliott Collier. And you didn't want to leave it like that. I, uh... I cut all her hair off, and I took all her clothes off because I didn't want anyone to think it was Elliott. I just wanted to - I wanted them to think it was a woman. And so you took the gun that he had showed you, and you shot her in the face. I am... I am not... a lesbian. I am... a... good catholic girl. And I have tried to be one every day of my life. Good work. I have to make my final report to the chief. I'm sure he'll wanna call you in the morning with his regards. Can't wait. Right. Well... good night. Good night. Sergeant. Good night, sir. So, sure you won't join us for a drink, celebrate? No. I gotta take this stuff back to the hotel. Maybe some other time. Sure. Sure. You know, you were right from the very beginning. Looked like love. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 