The Closer: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s4e1 - Controlled Burn - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 4, Episode 1 - Controlled Burn - full transcript 
 Brenda investigates the murder of a woman and the wild fire she was found in, complicated by the reappearance of Bill Croelick who is either the likeliest suspect or the best resource she'll ever have to find the killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org Synchro: ShalimarFox Team The Closer Sergeant gabriel, Priority Homicide. I'm just looking for someone. She's right there. I'll be one second. Excuse me. Just one second. The winds changed. Fire's coming this way. And we have company outside. Okay. Pardon me. Excuse me, guys. Sorry. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Chief Pope. Commander Taylor. Deputy chief Johnson, Sergeant Gabriel... this is Ricardo Ramos from the Times. He's gonna be trailing Priority Homicide's investigation. Nice to meet you, chief Johnson. Sergeant Gabriel. Pardon me, Ricardo, would you mind waiting over there by the bodies for just one moment, please? Thank you so much. Yeah. All right. Four people are dead. The fire isn't contained. This entire command center has to move. The last thing I need right now is a reporter following me around. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She already agreed to a media presence on her next case. If it were a regular homicide, yes, but it's not. I can't get anywhere near the fire, and the incident commander won't talk to me. That's `cause you're not supposed to be here. - What? Why not? - Because before a fire is contained, L.A.P.D. usually just directs traffic, manages civilian evacuations, tows cars away. They let you badge your way up here, we don't even know if this is an arson. There are no electrical wires near the fire's anchor point, so the fire is probably of human origin, sir. Which makes this a massive crime scene. It's just massive. So, what are you saying? This case is too big for you? No, I'm saying it's too big for five fire departments, nine fire engines, four helicopters, and I don't know what all. It's not a murder anymore. It's a natural disaster. Would you ask me to babysit a reporter during a hurricane? People don't start hurricanes. Hurricanes are not crimes. Taylor, tell the incident commander we're leaving. Sergeant Gabriel, tell Lt Provenza I want the team back down on Los Feliz Boulevard... now. We have an injured firefighter and another victim! - Get out of here. - Hey, I got a pass. I can be here. I don't care. Take it easy. - He's with us. - Please move. You know, I should've the authority to reject journalists if I think that they're going to get in the way of my investigation. Authority. What about my authority? I get orders, too, okay? And mine were absolutely clear in this case, improve relations between L.A.P.D. and the media. That is what i am doing. Commander taylor is assisting me, I expect your enthusiastic cooperation - Fine I'll. What you want. - Besides it's a big story. We got them head on reporting from the inside than guessing among on the street. You might even be happy about it. Oh yes journalists. They are so helpful. We will want them on every case. I think this is your attempt at enthusiasm. I am sorry. I mean to say "yippee." Sergeant. Let's go, lieutenant. Let's go go go. OK, guys, we got to go. We're ordered out. Come on, kids. Buzz, let's cover all our bases. Get as many faces in the crowd as you can. Check and see if anyone's admiring their handiwork? You got it. Chief, our victims, we got two firemen... One from Burbank, one from County. Got a hiker, Connie Miranda. She got trapped in a canyon. And then a guy golfing, Richard Gordon. He ran the wrong way off the sixth hole. That's a guy who could use a mulligan. Lieutenant Provenza, this is Ricardo Ramos of the Times. Lieutenant Provenza is chief Johnson's second-in-command. Nice to meet you, sir. - What about the other woman found? - D.O.A., burnt, no i.d. The fire was started in the middle of the park. Anyone caught running out? Not so far, but how an arsonist could escape this place after we surrounded it, I don't know. Lieutenant Flynn, Ricardo Ramos. Yeah, I met him... when he was taking pictures of the dead girl. - I thought it was a rescue. - Rescue? Considering how bad she looked, I'm surprised they brought her back at all. Unless stuff is falling out of the body, firefighters always bring the victims back. She was found near a canyon where the homeless hang out. Might explain why she had no i.d. - Let me help you with that. - I have it. - I'll get it. - I said i have it, sergeant. Thank you. Chief lieutenant Flynn... right behind the tape. - Where did he go? - Where did who go? That's Bill Croelick. Gentlemen... would you please catch up with Bill Croelick and invite him downtown? Who's Bill Croelick? He's a pyromaniac who uses alcoholic beverages to set his girlfriends on fire. He likes the smell of burning flesh. Oh. Why isn't he in jail? We arrested Croelick for murder twice, but our chief witness against him at the first trial disappeared, and he was found not guilty. We got a conviction in another murder and put Croelick on death row. But, unfortunately, he was framed in that particular killing. So now Croelick has a huge lawsuit pending against the state for wrongful imprisonment. Almost settled, and we wouldn't want to disrupt that. But if Croelick is a person of interest in this fire, that's something I'd like to run with. This may surprise you, Ricardo, but when a newspaper announces we're looking for people, it sometimes makes them harder to find. Just playing devil's advocate for one moment by running a picture of this guy's face on the front page is gonna make him... You're running a picture on your newspaper and later on, it turns out that someone saw Croelick in Griffith Park striking a match, his lawyer will say that our witness i.d.'d Croelick from that photograph in your paper. Besides, you can't refer to Croelick as a known arsonist. He wasn't convicted as an adult, and his juvenile record is sealed. But if it were opened, you could read about how Croelick branded his name on a girl's arm during sexual intercourse. Now, listen to me, Ricardo, because I've interviewed Mr. Croelick and I suggested that he might be a killer. And the next night, when I got home, I found him waiting for me on my front porch. He has a habit of doing that when he's irritated? Just turning up out of the blue... In the dark, when you're all alone. So, you run with that picture, and here's what happens. you lose all access to the L.A.P.D., and while we're looking for Croelick, Croelick is looking for you. Hello, lieutenant Provenza. No. Have lieutenant Flynn and detective Sanchez put some undercover people together to watch Croelick's apartment in case he shows up. Thank you so much. What happens if Croelick lights up Malibu, and we withheld a picture that could have helped stop him? A better question would be, what if you run the story and it turns out Croelick had nothing to do with the park fire and he takes an instant dislike to you? Let's put it this way. Ricardo, you have two excellent opportunities of visiting the county morgue this week, and one of them is with me. I see dead people, lots and lots of dead people. Two smoked, two extra-crispy, and then, this lady here... The combo platter. First time at the morgue? Gracias. You're welcome. - Should I act like he's not here? - That's what I'm trying to do. Just go ahead, doctor, please. Okay, this lady, I was told she might be homeless, but I don't think so. Not only does she have all her teeth, but, also, they've just been bleached. How are you holding up there, Ricardo? Yeah I'm fine. Then there's the victim's clothes. She was wearing a rayon dress over a cotton t-shirt. Wait. Wait. Are you suggesting that she dressed for the occasion? In two highly flammable materials. And no smoke damage to her lungs. She died before the fire started. From a pretty serious blow to the skull, and then she was torched afterwards. And I say torched because her hair, her body, her clothes were drenched in alcohol. I may be able to rehydrate the hand. I don't know. She's not as far gone as I would have thought, considering the circumstances. What? What circumstances? If you're looking for the epicenter of your fire, I think she might be right here on my gurney. What a cute cat. How did you know I have a cat? Yes, I have a cat, but that is 100% off the record. Oh, Kitty! Hey, news says your fire's 90% contained. Sorry. I was trying to spot smoke this morning. - So I must have... - Right. Hello. This is Ricardo Ramos from the Times. He's covering the fire. Ricardo, my fiance, Fritz Howard. Fiance? When's the happy day? As soon as we buy a house. - Oh, you're moving out? - In. - Oh. Yesterday? - Six weeks ago. It's temporary. - I had a bungalow. - We had. - We had a bungalow that I sold... - We sold. ... we sold, and... then the house prices got weird, and so we decided to rent. And the landlord said absolutely, positively no pets, so please don't mention kitty in your article. Thank you. Excuse me one moment, and then we will go to the hospital and see if we can talk to the firefighters. Honey? You can't leave the curtains open. Someone is going to see kitty, and then there will be big, big trouble. We can't meet the upstairs neighbor because the landlord said no pets. We have to keep the curtains closed 24 hours a day because the landlord said no pets. It's like living with Anne Frank. Were you able to fix the toilets? No, I'm sorry. How many more mornings are we gonna be rushing to work to pee? Just please call a plumber. Please. The landlord should be responsible for fixing the bathrooms. That's one of the upsides of renting. - If you let me talk to the landlord... - No. No. No. - Kitty stuff everywhere. - OK, fine. If you really have to use the bathroom, go upstairs and meet the neighbor. Ask her if you can use her bathroom. That's not how I want to meet her. Hey, wait a minute. Is that why you're still here, drinking coffee? You went upstairs to the neighbor's and asked to use her bathroom? - No, I took a shower. - What does that mean? You peed in the... - Gross! Gross! - Oh, for God's sake. - Everything went right down the drain. - And completely unfair. Never do that again. Never! We both have to use that shower, and i'm not getting back in there until you scrub, scrub, scrub every tile. Just, please, call the plumber. I need this place to be more manageable. Oh, why do you sit in the window? Bad kitty! Bad! Oh, I need to get to the hospital. Ricardo said he'd find you later. You know, you might feel less all "over the place" if you unpacked. And then just have to box it all up again when we move. I can't even think about that. This fire. Where is my brown sweater? Just please... Call the plumber. Please. I will deal with it. Thank you. Chief... chief... Oh, sorry. This way. So, the fire is still burning. Croelick is still at large. Jane Doe is still unidentified, although I talked to all of the firefighters involved, except for the guy that found her, Tom Merrick. He's recovering from smoke inhalation. His wife stepped out to call her family, but she said that he is up and that we can talk to him if it's absolutely necessary. Well, of course it's necessary. Thank you, David. Anything else I should know? Not really. Because if there's a problem in your relationship with detective Daniels... No. No. No, no, not at all. Thank goodness. 'cause i really couldn't handle that right now. Yeah. Okay. Gentlemen, pardon me. Thanks, guys. Thank you. I think she was right about here. - How'd you find her? - Well, we were looking for her. I mean, we thought somebody might be up where we found her. There's a small canyon where the homeless hang out. When the brush-burn index goes up, we have to clear them out. Why? Well, they start cooking fires. We'd just chased them off the day before yesterday. Usually, they don't come back for a month. There's this one guy. He got... mad at us, you know? He was a little weird. What did he look like? He had a baseball cap pulled down over his face. He hadn't shaved for a few days. He didn't feel... homeless, if you know what I mean. Sorry to bother you at... I walk out of here tomorrow morning. Two of our firefighters are dead, so bother me, sergeant. Yes, sir. Anyone resemble your guy? Take your time, Tom. Be sure. Sorry. I... I try not to look at those people. You know, when I heard where the fire was... when they mobilized the whole department, I thought of that creepy guy, and I wondered. Any idea how someone could start a fire in that part of the park and then disappear before we sealed it off? Maybe he didn't get out. Maybe you'll find another body up there. You know, arsonists usually aren't the brightest people on earth. So, you think it was one of these guys? Don't worry about them, Tom. You did your job. Now let us do ours. Homeless, unshaven guy wearing a cap in hollywood. That narrows it down. It could have been Croelick. We think he likes to pick people he thinks won't be missed. Except I don't think our victim was homeless. I think she was put somewhere where homeless people are known to go. What did we hear from the fire department? 95% containment. Fire was originally spotted very early by a traffic helicop... A traffic helicopter, which was joined in the air by the police, who circled the anchor point until the fire department arrived. Is that kind of rapid response unusual? In the MTZ, no. - MTZ? - It's a Mutual Threat Zone. It's not just Los Angeles that's endangered by a fire at Griffith Park. There's Glendale. There's Burbank... Detective Daniels, you were saying? I think he was about to add Burbank, San Marino, and the County, and that would be it. Hey, Tao. We have a name for our... for our, homeless woman with the bleached teeth? Missing women ages 30 to 50. Of course, if she disappeared last night, we won't know anything for another 60 hours. Why? Oh, geez. Don't ask him why. Adults aren't considered missing until they've been gone for at least three days, not to mention the hours it takes after that to generate... Why don't you just release this Jane Doe's picture- See if anyone recognizes her? Okay. So, Croelick's unemployed. Big surprise. No known associates... Uses only prepaid cellphones... And no car. Hey, Ricky, put down my mother's crucifix and get out of my chair. Neighbors say Croelick is polite but distant. Haven't noticed him dating anyone. And he always has a candle burning in his window. Freak. We'll find him. Not if he finds you first, lieutenant. Hello, just plain Brenda. Spread 'em. Come on! No one's been this excited to see me in a long time. Well, hello, there, Bill. What brings you here? Heard you were looking for me. Thought I'd stop by. No attorney. Happy to answer questions. So... deputy chief Johnson, up for a chat? Watching a fire on the news has all the drama of televised golf. We don't actually have anything on Croelick Well, except his record, his pathology, and his presence near the scene. Why didn't he bring his attorney? Over 70% of criminals never ask for a lawyer. Afraid it'll make them look guilty. And it does. Don't take this personally, lieutenant, but if you don't leave, I will invoke my right to counsel. Why? You lost your sense of humor? Fine. We'll catch up later. - He's controlling the interview. - No, that's what we want him to think. There, now. Is that better? Improves the odor of the room... A little. You know, I'm a little annoyed. Why is that? When it became obvious you were looking for me, I went by your house, and the gay boys that you sold it to had no idea where you'd gone. Found a mate? - Living together? - How about you, Bill? - Anyone special in your life? - Oh, no. I'm still carrying a little torch for you. Why the interest in my personal life? When you were at the park last night, did someone stumble across the body of a young woman burned to death? - How young? - That's a cheap trick. It's not up to your usual standard. I asked about victims to determine your specific interest in me. You were standing across the street from a really big fire. It just naturally occurred to me, given your interests, that you might've a theory about how it all started. That's all. That's all. That's all. My attorney would probably want to know if you searched the crowd for anyone else with similar alleged interests and if the swiftness with which you settled on me had something to do with my lawsuit against the state. Who else in that crowd would know more about a fire than you? A moth... maybe? But you have a point. I have a helpful side. If you took me back there, let me watch the fire's end. - It's out of the question. - Oh, come on. Just the two of us and a couple of lawn chairs. You know, the chemicals in the air should make for a fantastic sunset. Well, no dental-record match from the missing women to our jane doe. Could hold him for a day or two. Add another million to his lawsuit? I don't think so. Buzz. Lieutenant Provenza says we still can't i.d. our Jane Doe. I'm sorry. You... you want to think about it? No? Really? All right. Hate to overstay my welcome. We're only just getting reacquainted. Are you gonna arrest me? No. May I leave when I wish? yes. Goodbye. At least give me a confirmable alibi for the hour before the fire. Please. I'll tell you what. I go back to Griffith Park... Now... Or I invoke my right to counsel, and we never talk again. Wait! Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. He took the bait. Hey, where are we going? Taking you where the fire started. That's what you wanted. But a firefighter told us the victim was found up there. It was night. Smoke everywhere. Your firefighter was disoriented. No. This way. So, now we have to pretend he's an arson investigator? Really? She's just feeding his ego. We're 10 minutes away from an arrest. Why don't you... Why don't you button your lip for once and just watch? It's crazy, you know? Having a wildlife park in the center of a city. I look around at your little nature preserve. You know what I see? It's all fuel. And you and you and you rich man, poor man, beggar man, thief. Black man... White man... Deputy chief. Fire doesn't care about your name or rank or badge number. You're all just bite-size lumps of flesh and bone in the flaming food chain. God, I'm hungry! - How about you? - I had a big lunch. Speaking of which... I can still smell her, your victim, 'cause she burned right here. See? That might be her wallet, i.d., credit cards all melted away... Along with her face. Got a picture of the remains? That would be inappropriate. So judgey. The area around here it isn't burned at all. So, how did the fire... Slip out of control all the way over there? Yes. I think we're looking for another body. That's not good. Did you notice the vegetation back here has all been cut down dried limbs, dead brush... Dragged from the vicinity of little Miss Crisp and piled like he meant to take the trash with him. But the park burning? No. No, that was a mistake. Where is the other body, Bill? See, whoever dumped your girl in that pit forgot to make sure she was alone. And when your killer started his, Flamb? Poor little rat. Ran out of the frying pan and started a bonfire. There you go, sergeant. Y'all be sure and give him a proper funeral, now. Thank you. Thank you so much. Picking an isolated spot... Cutting it back... Waiting till dark... And then, in seconds... All his precautions up in smoke... The fire moving away from his lady. Happened very, very fast, I'm sure. Like drowning. Well, it might take me some time to prove, but it looks to me like you've led us right to the scene of the crime. Wouldn't you say, sergeant? And you described everything so well, it's... it's almost like you were here when it happened. Well, let's take your implication seriously, see how it holds up. The lady was dead before she was set on fire. And pardon me for asking, but... where's the fun in that? How did you know she was dead? Should I tell her? Or should you? - He what? - He interviewed Croelick before I did. How'd you find him before us? You said he had a lawsuit against the state for wrongful imprisonment. He called his attorney. You called his attorney? To arrange a meeting, yes. For the record, you didn't find Croelick ? Ok ? I did. And I convinced him to come in, so I helped you. Look, all I did was ask a few questions. You can't ask people questions without telling them what you want to know. - I need his notes and tapes from his... - What? No. No way. - His photographs,camera,everything. - It's against the law for you to demand my notes, and I will not surrender them. It's against the law to interfere with a murder investigation. You want to hear about against the law, i'd be more than happy to oblige! Morales thinks he can get a fingerprint off our jane doe. Look, your victim was drenched in alcohol, which is Croelick's m.o. Am I wrong? Now, he led you to where the fire started. He showed you how it happened. What more do you people need to make an arrest? Untainted evidence. Which might be in your notes I can't give you those, okay? You know what? Shut up. We can't even hold Croelick because of you. - You cannot talk to me like that. - Shut up. I am this far from reading you your rights this far. You want to be under arrest? I'm sorry, chief. I'll call his editor and see what I can work out. Thank you so much. May I say something now? I wouldn't. No. We usually get only one or two shots at this, Which is why I make the detectives do it. Do what? We debone the hand of a burn victim and rehydrate the skin for 24 hours. If it works out, sometimes we can get you a print. It's too slack. Which is why I need a detective close to our Jane Doe's size. You want me to slip the skin of her fingers... Over your own. And gently, too, because it tears. I know it sounds horrible, but it's just the thumb and two fingers left. The other two fell off. Here, chief. Let me help you. It'll catch on the rubber, so off with the glove. I'll tell you what,eyes on Gabriel. I'll guide your hand. See, chief? There's really nothing to it. It's just... just science at work. There. Done. Linda Harrell, 36. Fingerprinted two years ago. Arrested for stalking an ex-boyfriend, breaking into his house. I talked to her ex this morning. Lives in Oxnard and has an alibi. He said that Linda always wanted to know where he was, demanded all of his attention. Yeah, well, anyway, she moved here about two months ago. No problems that we know of until yesterday, When her boss filed a criminal complaint. Yeah, Linda failed to make the evening bank deposit after her bar shift was over and didn't show up today. Chief. Could you please gather the evidence that we collected from Linda's house and take it to my office? - Thank you so much. - You got it, chief. Sorry, sir. Could we talk later? I've just executed a search warrant of our victim's house, which is where she was murdered. Her car's missing, and I'm sure that the killer used it to move her body to the park,I really need to concentrate on finding it. Then I'll be brief. The L.A.P.D. and the times have reached a good compromise. Chief Johnson, I am extremely sorry. That's the first part. Now, chief Johnson accepts your apology. - I do? - That's great. The rest of the agreement goes like this. You agree to let Ricardo catch up on our investigation. In return, Ricardo agrees to give you copies of all of his pictures and notes from the past two days. You first. Thank you. Chief. So, anything from this Linda Harrell's house connecting her to Croelick? No. Her computer was gone, and her desk was emptied out. Judging from the dust patterns on the top of her dresser, it looked like some picture frames were removed. So someone's connected to her. That's for sure. There was no sign of forced entry, suggesting that she knew the killer. That's inference. She was a bartender. Could be one of her customers followed her home. Right. A customer who just happened to be an expert arsonist. Anyway, Linda reached for the phone, and the murderer yanked it from the wall. And grabbed her like this. - Hey! - Put him down, detective Sanchez. - I just want to show him... - Talk to him visualed, please. Will you put me down?! - What are you,nuts? - Okay. The killer pushes Linda into some shelving,and then he drops her to the ground really hard! Then the killer reaches for this bookend and smashed her head in. She bled out. Killer cuts the carpet in half,rolls her up in it, plops Linda down in her own car, and drives away with her. Yes, to the park, where he sets her on fire. I mean,you didn't see her computer there? any residue on this other half of the carpet? No. Thank you, gentlemen. I'll take it from here. A fire hot enough to corrupt computer files beyond recovery would have grabbed some attention, and this was supposed to be a controlled burn. And... The carpet's made out of artificial fabric, maybe even treated with flame retardant. Its fumes could have been poisonous. But those are the concerns of an experienced arsonist. Could be our killer studied up. For example, you cover Police and Fire Departments. Could be you've researched everything we've discussed so far. And what motive could I possibly have? You don't always solve murders by finding out why. Sometimes it's more about how, which is why I keep asking How could the killer get away? Well, Croelick had the victim's car. Maybe he drove it away somewhere. Helicopters buzzing around, firefighters pouring in, police blocking all the exits... No, he didn't dare go back to the car. Like you, he knew far too much about how police and firefighters work to even try. Would you have burned Linda's body to delay identification only to leave a registered vehicle parked nearby, knowing we would find it? But you haven't found it. And that's your problem, isn't it? Explaining how the killer got out of the park with the car after the fire started without being noticed. You've summed it up perfectly. Oh. Interrupting an interview? No. No. Ricardo here is up to speed. We'll talk more later. - Thank you so much. - You're welcome so much. Can i have my book, please? Oh, no. I'll be holding on to these for a while. The landlord's bringing a plumber by to fix the toilets today. Oh, wonderful. I vacuumed all the furniture... Put out a room deodorizer... Got rid of all incriminating kitty evidence. Also, I shoved everything we're not using into the guest room, you know, so the landlord will think we're actually living there. - I feel badly you had to do all... - Don't. Because while I was scrub, scrub, scrubbing out the shower, I finally decided how to deal... with your cat. - Our cat. - Your cat is not coming home until the landlord knows she's there. - But where will he live? - She. With you in your office. Okay. Now, wait a minute. - I'm really sorry. - Which is good, I appreciate that. But if I leave him here, maintenance will take him away. Well, you can stop by the pound every morning and pick her back up. They take her away, and I pick her up later. And the inside of our apartment can stop looking like Norway in December. Brenda, are ... are you here? Hello? Kitty. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry. - I have to hurry... really hurry. - Why? Where are you going? Because during a fire, police manage civilian evacuations, tow cars and direct traffic, and he still has the keys. I'll explain more later. Okay. Poor kitty. Could you please make sure - That there's water left for him... - Her. ...and some food and make sure that the office doors are closed tight, tight, tight. Tight, tight, tight. Tom? Tom Merrick? You're the hero firefighter that I interviewed in the hospital yesterday, right? You remember me? I'm deputy chief Brenda Leigh Johnson. Sure. What a coincidence. What... what are you doing here? Just working. This is where the L.A.P.D. towed all the vehicles from the fire. You know, and speaking of coincidences, the woman whose body that you carried out of the park this is her car, a-and you're holding the keys to it. You remember sergeant Gabriel here, don't you? Say hello, sergeant. Hello. Tom Merrick, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford, one will be appointed for you by the State. Have you heard and understood these rights? I understand, but you're making a big mistake. Maybe. Now, I've only one question to ask you myself, but sergeant Gabriel here thinks that we should arrest you for the murder of Linda Harrell something about the clearing where the body was found. - What is it, sergeant? - Well, he moved out all the homeless, a.k.a. possible witnesses, a day ago, so he knew he could carry Linda's body in there without being seen, - And all the vegetation was cut back. - To control the burn. but I say that that's what a firefighter does for a living. And then there was something about a phone. Lieutenant Tao. The phone that was ripped off the wall at Linda's house when you hit the redial button, what shows up are the first five digits of his home phone number. But Linda had a history of nasty breakups. Maybe she wanted to chat with your wife, and you were just trying to stop her. And in my opinion, it was just luck that you changed out of your regular clothes into your uniform when you burned Linda's body, but, you know, it was really good luck because while we were looking for an arsonist, you were able to run out of the park with your fellow firefighters, carrying the victim, looking like a hero. Okay, so, the uniform was lucky, but everything else points to murder. We can't prove that, sergeant. Be patient and let Mr. Merrick here answer the only question that I think is important. Now think hard and be honest. Did you kill Linda Harrell on purpose? No. No! I never wanted to hurt her. I... I just wanted to stop her from calling my wife. There was a shelf. It fell on her. It was a complete accident. She died before I could get help. It's the truth. I swear. I believe you. See, sergeant? We can't hold him for Linda's death. You're just gonna have to be satisfied arresting him on a charge of arson. Oh, and... four counts of felony murder One for each of the people who died when your little fire slipped out of control. Wait. Wait. I want a lawyer. Yeah? Well, you're gonna need one, buddy boy. Hey, chief Johnson. - Hi. - Hi. Everything's flushing great. Oh, thank you so much. And your friend is in the living room. Wonderful. - It's so nice to meet you. - Goodbye. Friend? He may have meant me. Move! Get back! - I didn't break in. - Move! Further! Hurry up! - Your friendly plumber opened the door for me. And this is hardly an appropriate way ? To greet someone who helped you solve a murder. Your FBI-agent boyfriend is not here. You're still upset with me, Brenda? The news says your firefighter was having an affair with an angry, possessive young lady who didn't know he was married. Probably why he sent you to the wrong part of park to begin with. And you find the right place because of me. So... Why the... Hostility? Can't you prove your case? Yes. Yes. You are completely out of the woods, so why come here? Why? Apology accepted. And I brought you something... ...a gesture towards what I hope will be an amicable parting. May I? Now... Brenda... I'm about to settle my lawsuit against the state and take my... ... $4 million and leave your jurisdiction forever. And though I'm, you know, flattered by your interest in me, I think we've taken this relationship about as far as it can go. You know? And I think it best for both of us if I regard you as something like... an old flame. So... Let's say our goodbyes and wish each other well. if you're not out of my house in the next 10 seconds, I'm gonna save the state a whole lot of money. And I'm not kidding. Okay. Get out of here. Never come back. I see you agree with me. Good. Well, I'm off. I will think of you often, just plain Brenda, and hope to see you not at all. Hey. Brenda? Brenda, are you here? Hey... - Yes. Hi. - Hey. Look at that. - And kitty. - Oh. yes. I called the landlord and begged and gave him a huge security deposit and promised him monthly inspections. Well, I have something for you, too. Wait here. You know... I know you thought you lost this in the move. Look what I found. It was ju... - Hey, you all right? - Yes. - Honey, you look a little... - Oh, no, I'm fine. I just haven't slept in two days, that's all. Yeah? You'll feel better tomorrow. Never in a million years would I have thought you'd have done something so romantic. Actually, I didn't buy these myself. Well, where did they come from? Just...someone I worked with. A house warming gift. Downloaded From www.AllSubs.org 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 