The Closer: Season 4, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s4e8 - Split Ends - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 4, Episode 8 - Split Ends - full transcript 
 In another brush with fame, Brenda and the team investigate the movie set murder of a hairdresser. Meanwhile, Brenda tries to get her meddling and overbearing parents out of her hair (and her house) when they come to town during their annual road trip from Georgia, both working her into a lather over her yet-to-be-planned wedding to Fritz. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Clay, why are you using that thing to cut a coffee cake? Here. Brenda Leigh! Fritzy! Y'all come and get it while it's still hot! Oh! Ta-da! Who else is coming for breakfast? - Switzerland? - (LAUGHS) Don't be silly. Shopped in Palm Springs yesterday. - Made breakfast in LA this morning. - I just love that RV. We're gonna go from here up to Alaska and then come back through the Yukon Territory. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - We'll be done by Thanksgiving. - Oh, unless we need to come back sooner. You know... (HUMMING HERE COMES THE BRIDE) I hear Canada's pretty in the fall. WILLIE RAY: Clay, we talked about this. It doesn't matter when they get married as long as they're happy. WILLIE RAY: Anybody want some more biscuits and gravy? You know what makes me happy? Weddings. I just love weddings. Don't you like weddings, son? (CELL PHONE RINGING) Oh! (BRENDA CLEARS THROAT) BRENDA: The phone. Hello? Oh, yes, Sergeant. Morning. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh! Okay. Where? Yes. Okay, fine. I'll be right there. I'm so sorry to cut this short, but there's been a murder at a movie studio. And... And this was such a great breakfast, too. Honey, I thought we had an agreement that you would never leave me alone with your parents again. Oh, I had no choice, Fritzy. And I didn't even know they were coming until they showed up last night. (SIGHS) (CELL PHONE RINGING) I got it. Ah! Special Agent Fritz Howard, FBI. Oh, you're kidding. Oh, that's... No, horrible. Oh, that is bad. Uh-huh. Horrible. No, no, no. I'll be there as soon as possible. There's a bomb threat at the airport. Well, this has got to be the most dangerous city on the planet Earth. No, I'm on my way. But we can't leave Mama and Daddy here by themselves. - Honey... - Brenda Leigh, don't worry about us. We'll be fine. Won't we, dear? Yeah, and there's no reason why they can't come along with one of us. What would you guys rather do? You can come with me now, spend a few hours in a makeshift tent watching an extremely slow-moving robot, or you can head off to a Hollywood movie studio. Either way. Oh, goodness. Is this where they do Dancing with the Stars? (PEOPLE CHATTERING) TOUR GUIDE: I'd like to welcome you to Vintage Studios. - I'll be your tour guide. My name is... - Bye. - Bye, y'all. Have fun. - I'm gonna take your picture. Bye-bye. (BRENDA SIGHS) Our victim's name is Rachel Hughes. She's a 33-year-old white female. She works as a hairstylist on Trauma Unit. BRENDA: Huh? It's a television show. Films here on the lot. We've already started criminal-background checks on all the cast and crew members. - Where was the body found? - She was stuffed in a jockey box. That's what they call the storage lockers underneath the truck. This morning, an electrician went into this particular jockey box, looking for some extra cable. Found her inside. Okay. (BRENDA GASPS) (EXHALES) Defensive wounds on her knuckles. Scrape marks on her elbows and ankles. There are scuff marks on the sides of her shoes and heels. So she was dragged. Yeah, there's a trail of blood that leads from the hair-and-makeup trailer to this one here. Oh, these marks here. Did the coroner's investigator say what caused them? No. And no one heard screaming? According to studio security, no one heard a thing. Oh, uh, Rachel stayed late after filming stopped yesterday. - Not a lot of people around. - And we know this how? Well, Rachel shared a trailer with a makeup artist, Kim Reynolds. And Kim left last night around 8:00 p.m. She said that Rachel was waiting for someone. Any idea who? Makeup girl, uh, woman, said that Rachel was hanging out waiting for one of her private clients. No name, huh? Well, according to this makeup girl... Woman... Rachel was the kind of person who kept her schedule on her cell phone, which she left at home yesterday. Now, Rachel's keys are missing, but her car is still here. Did Rachel have a boyfriend or a husband? Anyone come looking for her? Yeah, Detective Daniels is checking on that now. BRENDA: All right. Thank you. (BRENDA SIGHS) (INAUDIBLE) Whoever attacked Rachel, they slammed her head up against the mirror. And she didn't get a chance to clean up after her private client. And it looks like all this hair is from the same head. Yeah, and we have an idea whose head it might be. Rachel Hughes was married. But six months ago, she filed for divorce and had a restraining order issued against her husband, Ryan. Security logs listing everybody who entered the lot in the last 24 hours. Now, guess who dropped by for a visit. - Ryan Hughes. - Last night. 8:24 p.m. Looks like Rachel's husband wasn't taking his restraining order very seriously. (SIGHS) - Where does he live? - No new address for him anywhere. All right. Sergeant Gabriel, Lieutenant Flynn, let's head over to the victim's house and find that cell phone. Is that a current address? The address on the restraining order matches the one on her driver's license. Okay. Lieutenant Provenza, would you please organize some interviews with all the people who were at the studio last night? Okay. And, Detective Daniels, would you and Detective Sanchez please find Ryan Hughes for me? I'd really like to talk to him. WILLIE RAY: Oh, that blood looks so real. Clay, smile. (CAMERA CLICKS) Thank you. Lieutenant Provenza, you remember my parents. Well, of course. Hello, there, Willie Ray. Clay. To what do we owe this pleasure? I think somebody got murdered. Y'all are finished with the tour? Already? - Oh, it was just like a dream. - Of a big trailer lot. (CHUCKLES) Well, I need to run an errand, but Lieutenant Provenza will organize a ride for y'all back to the office. Oh, I'll do better than that, Chief. How would the two of you like to watch some filming? Oh, my goodness, my goodness. Really? Come on, Willie Ray. Let me show you where the magic happens. Lieutenant, I'll bet you say that to all the girls. (PROVENZA CHUCKLES) I bet he does say that to all the girls. I know his type. - How long you gonna be? - I just need to drop by the victim's house. You'll hardly know I'm gone. God, you scared the crap out of me. (BRENDA SIGHS) BRENDA: So sorry. Excuse me. I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson from the LAPD. And you are? Ryan Hughes. Oh! Um... It's so nice to meet you, sir. We thought... We were looking for your wife. Rachel doesn't live here anymore. And I was on my way to the gym, so... Well, maybe you could help us then. Can we come in, ask you a few questions? - Do you have a warrant? - No. Then here's good. What do you want to know? When was the last time you saw your wife? I don't remember, exactly. Do you know how to get in touch with her? She works on a television show. Trauma Unit. She's not there today. - Okay, then. Try her cell phone. - No answer. Where is she staying, sir? Look, my wife and I are separated. She won't even give me her new address. Is that because of the restraining order issued against you? - Nice haircut, champ. - Rachel's work, I take it. From last night, right? Isn't that why your name's on the security list? - (EX CLAIMS) I knew it! - Take it easy. She told me I could be there, okay? Well, she didn't like the way the visit ended. Ryan Hughes, you're under arrest for the violation of your restraining order. Hands behind your back, please. GABRIEL: You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you by the State. You know, we don't have anyone from the LAPD at this airport bombing, not a single officer. We're not at LAX. We're in Ontario. Oh, Ontario. Yeah, look, we're trying to keep this low-profile. So try not mentioning it to everyone you know, okay? Detective Sanchez is still completely out of it because of the death of his brother. And what am I supposed to do with my parents? I've got a suspect in the Interview Room who probably beat his wife to death last night. Probably? - When can you come home? - Honey, I can't leave the mobile command unit until we know there's no bomb out here. Besides, Willie Ray and Clay are old enough to stay in our apartment for a few hours by themselves. We have cable. Oh, no. I don't want them at the apartment by themselves. - They'II... They'll do things. - I'll take care of your parents, Chief. No. I can't impose on you again. We're working. I'm losing another 15 sick days next month. Look, you've arrested the husband. This case is effectively over. All right, fine. - Fritzy. - Yeah. Lieutenant Provenza has volunteered to take care of my poor parents. So thanks so much for your help. (SIGHS) - Lieutenant, are you sure about this? - Chief. Now, the suspect will be in tears in 20 minutes. Hold his hand, write him up, the end. Honey, I think your mother and I ought to go on and get out of your way. You're not in the way, Daddy. Don't be silly. But if y'all have had enough here, Lieutenant Provenza has kindly offered to drive you back to the apartment. Oh, no, no, no. We don't want to be in the way. - We'll just take a cab. - Oh, I wouldn't hear of it. Chief, you do what you need to do, and I'll entertain your parents. We don't need entertaining. I'm entertaining enough on my own. Clay, what's wrong with you? Lieutenant Provenza, we'll drive by the grocery store, and I'll pick up some things for dinner. (CHUCKLING) Oh, Willie Ray, that sounds wonderful to me. (SIGHING) Well, if you're too busy, I guess I'll just have to get to know your friends. (SIGHING) Please tell me we found where Rachel Hughes was living. No one at the studio can tell us, and her paychecks go directly to a PO box. SANCHEZ: And she never updated her next-of-kin information. So, the guy that we're supposed to notify is her husband. Okay, so, let's use her social security number and see if we can find someone in her family. Maybe she told her parents where she lived, though I don't recommend it. Lieutenant Tao, what about her phone records? I'm waiting for Rachel's carrier to send me the dump off her cell. Yeah, what about the husband? FLYNN: Ryan Hughes? Oh, this is a great guy. A year ago, he broke Rachel's wrist. Six months ago, he gave her a concussion. And a day later, she checked out of the ER, and then took the restraining order out on her husband and filed for divorce. - And left her own house? - Though she's still paying the mortgage. Why on Earth would she do that? I'm guessing, but Ryan hasn't made any money lately. This year, he guest-starred in one sitcom and one drama. Not even enough to make his health insurance. - So he's an actor. - Yes, and a bartender, two shifts a week. Rachel was the one with the steady paycheck. Maybe she left Ryan the house because he couldn't afford to go anywhere else. So what? He was beating her. Why would she move? And where did she move to? Excuse me, but Chief Pope and Commander Taylor are here. Uh, thank you, Buzz. I'll be right there. Sergeant Gabriel, would you meet me in the Interview Room, please? And would somebody find me Rachel's address? Thank you. What can I do for you, gentlemen? - You like the husband for this, right? - Maybe. Though I need to figure out how he had a major knock-down drag-out with his wife and kept his skin smoother than mine. He's smarter than your average abuser. Wouldn't let us into his house without a search warrant. And, if he really doesn't know that his wife is dead, then he's a better actor than his r?sum? suggests. Why the interest? Well, The Times, and specifically our old friend Ricardo Ramos, seems to have developed the opinion that we only deploy Priority Homicide when the victims are rich, white and/ or related to police officers. And our ace reporter called me this morning, asking if we had added show-business murders to the list. - This guy's an actor, right? - Yes, but not a famous one. He could be tomorrow. - Am I in trouble or something? - No, no, no. No, no, no. You're doing an incredible job. That's not the issue. The issue for Ramos is, who gets priority treatment from the police and who doesn't. That's all. For example, we have several investigators who deal exclusively with domestic-abuse issues, and I didn't deploy one of them to the studio. - I sent you. - Well, we didn't know this was a domestic-abuse case until after we identified the victim. (CHUCKLES) That's a good point, sir. But how do we avoid the impression that we made this murder a priority because of the Hollywood connection? But that is why it's a priority, isn't it? Yeah, that and the reporters flying in helicopters over the studio... (CLEARS THROAT) Sir. Yeah, but we don't want to say any of that. Tell Ramos that we're hoping that Rachel's murder was an isolated incident and not someone breaking into studio lots and killing people. - That might stop Ramos. - Stop him from what? POPE: Nothing. Never mind. You know, tired of being pushed around by The Times. Just get on with what you need to get done here. Okay. Thank you. You know this is one big setup, right? - How's that, sir? - Why else would Rachel tell me to stop by for a haircut and then report me to the police? She wants to use this to screw me in the divorce. - Oh, I doubt that. - And ruin my career. You know, I'm unfamiliar with your business, sir. Do two extremely small jobs a year make a career? (BRENDA CLICKS TONGUE) I'll leave my curiosity about the part-time actor's life aside. Let's talk about last night. What's to talk about? I got a part on a big feature film. She told me to come... She volunteered to cut my hair. And while you were there, did you guys, what? Did you have an argument? Did she take a little too much off the top? No. We didn't have an argument. You know, it's hard to believe that he didn't work more, because you are just so convincing. Look, I just got a part on a big studio film, so... Wait, wait, wait. Let's... Let's start again. Let's start again, and this time, I want you to remember that those hair-and-makeup trailers have very thin walls and people hear things all the time. Did you argue with your wife, sir? We had a small disagreement. - What about? - Look, I have done everything that Rachel has asked me to do. I even apologized for every single argument that we ever had and I took those anger-management classes Donna recommended. Who's Donna? Her friend, Donna. I never met her. I don't even know her last name, but it still doesn't stop Donna from convincing my wife that I'm an asshole, which I'm not! I mean, I'm passionate, okay? I'm sensitive. That's what all good actors are supposed to be. But I love my wife, which is why I have stayed away from her, just like she asked. But you didn't stay away from her, sir. - You saw her last... - Because she told me I could! If I were you, sir, I'd put my ass back in that chair. Well, I think it's safe to say that you are a freshman in anger management. So, I'm supposed to believe that after you give your wife a concussion and broke her wrist, she called you up and said, "Hey, come on over for a haircut"? A haircut you felt the need to lie about? - Here we go. - I didn't want to get in any trouble, okay? Is that how you usually avoid trouble? You just lie to the police? - Look, I made a mistake, okay? - A mistake? Oh! Like violating your restraining order or lying to me... I did not violate the spirit of the order. Tell me, how many mistakes did it take before your wife ended up like this? Oh, my God. Rachel. - Is she dead? - Not just dead, murdered. Savagely beaten. And to me, it looks like someone was very angry. I want a lawyer. Fine. Sergeant, will you please see that Mr. Hughes here gets his phone call? (GABRIEL SIGHS) Chief Johnson was wrong about one thing. What? (SIGHING) This guy's a much better actor than we thought. It was so nice of you to drive Clay and Willie Ray around to all these different - wedding facilities, Lieutenant. - Oh, I enjoyed it. It reminded me of when I was young and stupid. Brenda, where's your appetite? Well, darling, she's still thinking about the murder. (SIGHING) I am. A little. The victim surprises me. On the one hand, she stood up for herself and got legal action. And on the other, she handed over her house to a bully. I guess I just don't understand that kind of relationship. I'll tell you one thing. If your mother raised her hand against me, I'd be out the door. (LAUGHING) Well, you and Willie Ray have a great marriage, Clay, which just goes to prove that the institution doesn't have to be a complete horror show. (CHUCKLING) Actually, my third wife and I had one fantastic weekend. Of course, that was before the wedding, but still. Now, my fourth marriage... Oh, Lord. (CHUCKLING) (STAMMERING) Honey, don't listen to him. Here, this will take your mind off work. Look at that beautiful little chapel there. - Now, if you're determined not to get... - Excuse me. I'm... I'm sorry. I'll be right back. Clay, I told you about this. This what? It's a chapel. You can use a chapel for any number of things. For example, if they don't get married pretty soon, y'all can congregate there for my funeral. WILLIE RAY: All right, that's enough. Fritz, - Brenda looked upset. - Did she? I'll see. Look at that. (LAUGHING) "Happily Ever After Resort & Casino." Talk about bad odds. (SIGHING) If I hear one more mention of weddings or chapels, - I swear I'm going to kill someone. - He's just excited, that's all. No, no, no. You don't understand my daddy. When he wants something, he will not stop until he gets it. - Trust me on this. - So, it runs in the family then. (MOCK LAUGHTER) Here's what I don't get. You are so tough at work, and here, you come home, you're sitting at your own dining-room table, your father pushes you around a little bit. And instead of saying, "Don't do that to me," you come hide in the kitchen. Wait a minute. - That's why we can't find her address. - What? She learned to hide. She said, "Well, what are those names?" And he said, "Well, those are Provenza's ex-wives." (PROVENZA LAUGHING) Just one second. Lieutenant Flynn. I'm so sorry to bother you this late. You know that emergency room where Rachel Hughes went for her concussion? I want you to check for domestic-violence shelters in the area. See if there's one that the hospital recommend... (SIGHS) I'm particularly interested in any with a Donna working on-site. Okay, thank you. This is what Rachel looked like the first night she arrived. Ryan did that to her for buying a brass lamp when he was hoping for new headshots. Well, as hard as it is to believe, she looks even worse now. I could tell he wasn't gonna change. - You met him? - Somehow he found out that she'd come here. And one night, he stopped me in the parking lot and waved like we'd met. Well, he seemed... You know, he's very charming. And he was in my face before I realized that he was threatening me. Thank God we have a guard posted nearby. Wait, wait. You said he threatened you? He threatened you how? I had insisted that Rachel get her own place and not give the address to anyone. She followed my advice, which made Ryan furious. - That's why she had a PO box. - Right. That's one of the first things they learn, the women who come here, to defend their privacy. And Rachel participated in our volunteer programs. We always need volunteers. We've got more women than we can ever accommodate. Well, I know you don't usually give out this kind of information, but... Rachel doesn't need you to keep her address a secret anymore, and we could really use it. Actually, she gave me a spare key to her apartment. I'll take you there myself. (SIGHS) So, if Ryan didn't break the door down, how did he get in? Rachel's keys were missing from the crime scene. So he just unlocked the door and walked in. But if Rachel was keeping her new address a secret, how did he know to come here? Did Rachel have something Ryan wanted? - Not that I know of. - TAO: Chief? Blood on the base. How did we end up at another crime scene? Maybe Ryan beat up Rachel here, and drove her back to the studio and then beat her again. With an interruption for a haircut? Okay, maybe after the haircut, he follows her home, kills her here. And drove her back to the studio, past security? Dragging Rachel's body from the makeup trailer to the jockey box? Okay, Daniels, why don't you just figure it out? BRENDA: So, he kills Rachel, maybe to get the keys. But how did he know what door they'd open? Look at this. Flynn, here, here. Read this with me here. You do the highlighted parts. I'll do the doctor. - What? I'm gonna do the broad's role? - Yeah. PROVENZA: "He's dying, ma'am. We've done all we can." FLYNN: "You've got to do something, Doc. Please, anything." - "Be my hero." - "Be my hero." Gentlemen, the cell phone. Please. Okay, I'll check the bedroom, Chief. Strands of blond hair. Blond hair? - Rachel wasn't a blonde. - Maybe the blood isn't hers, either. Did Rachel have a roommate? - Oh, my God. - What is it? Rachel called me last week and asked if we had room available for someone she'd just met. - We didn't. - You said Rachel volunteers sometimes. She may have taken someone in. Thank you. Oh, for heaven's sakes. This one isn't like mine. - Chief, I got it. - Oh, thank you. I need Rachel's schedule for the night before last. Please. "Ryan. Haircut, 8:00." So, maybe he wasn't lying. (SIGHS) So, Ryan Hughes kills his wife, somehow finds this address, and then comes here. Fights with someone else, doesn't get a scratch on him either time? But who does he fight with? I think we need to start looking for another victim. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) - Kim Reynolds? - Oh, yeah. I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson, and this is Sergeant Gabriel. Hi. Yeah. I saw you yesterday, but I'd already spoken to that cute Detective Sanchez. I was hoping that you could tell me if Rachel Hughes had a roommate. Oh, I wouldn't know, really. - She and I weren't that close. - Did you guys not get along or something? No, I mean, her whole relationship with Ryan just drove me crazy. And, honestly, it was all she talked about. I... I don't know. Maybe I should have paid more attention. Did Rachel tell you that she had moved? Yeah, yeah. Did she tell you where she moved? No, no, no. That was like some kind of, like, "rule" or something. Like, nobody could know where she lived. You know what, though? Um. You guys should really talk to Lindsay. She knew Rachel way better than me. - Is this Lindsay? - Yeah. She's our new hairstylist. - Well, thank you. Thank you so much. - Sure. (CHUCKLES) - You were very helpful. - Oh, I try. You know, actually, if you... If you think of anything else, - you give me a call. - Oh, okay, I will. - All right, thanks. - Okay. Pardon me. Lindsay? I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson. I understand that you were friends with Rachel Hughes. Oh, yeah. I subbed for Rachel when she was in the hospital. Did you spend a lot of time with Rachel lately? Not really. Her hours were so extreme. Funny, I... (SIGHING) I so wanted to be the head of the hair department somewhere. Wish it wasn't here. Lindsay, do you always display your cosmetology license? We're required to post it where we work. - State law. - Thank you. You were right, Chief. Rachel's cosmetology license has her new address on it. And the card stock it was printed on matches the same bit we found on her mirror at the crime scene. Yeah, she had that license out for the whole world to see. Yeah, but Lindsay told us she taped up the bottom half of it - in order to hide her address. - And someone ripped it down. Okay, so, we've got two crime scenes, two victims, and a suspect who fought both without one defensive wound. Well, maybe 'cause he was wearing these. Sap gloves. We had them on the streets back in the'80s. They leave the same square marks we found on Rachel's face. I knew those welts looked familiar. Embedded steel. Protects your fists. Yeah, well, that explains pretty boy's silk knuckles. All right, Lieutenant Flynn, let's see if we can track down the companies that make these gloves. Maybe we'll get lucky, and one of them will have an order for a Ryan Hughes. - You got it, Chief. - Thank you. (RYAN READING) What the hell is he reading? BUZZ: A movie script. His attorney brought it in for him. He's supposed to start rehearsals for it tomorrow. (CLEARS THROAT) Chief Johnson, I have something unusual to suggest to you. Given that the suspect has lawyered up, and the circumstantial evidence against him is so strong, I think that we should arrest Mr. Hughes for murder right now and hand him over to the DA. Without a confession? Why? Because of what Ramos might write in The Times? No, no, no. From the outside, this crime looks all kind of show biz-y. But the second... The second we make an arrest, the murder becomes a domestic dispute between a hairstylist and a wannabe actor, and that's not news in Los Angeles. (POPE CLEARS THROAT) Let me give you the whole picture here. Ricardo Ramos is writing a two-part article, as we speak, on Priority Homicide. Now, I have done everything I can to kill this article on the basis that it's one-sided, unfair, bad for the city... Anyway, I failed. The article will come. - It will be terrible. - Let me talk to Ramos. - I don't think that would be... - No. Absolutely not. Then explain to him that there is another crime scene associated with this so-called Hollywood victim and that if I give up today due to unwarranted media pressure, then I'll be short a dead body when we go to trial. Or tell him that... For heaven's sakes. You know, I can't let Ramos dictate how I do my job. - She just doesn't get it, does she? - She doesn't want to get it. Hello. I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson. Dan Frye. I represent Mr. Hughes. And I've talked to my client, and I'd like you to explain why he's still being held without any charges being filed. Well, maybe there won't be any, if I can get a few things explained. - Like what? - Well, your client claimed that he didn't know Donna Taft, from the support center for domestic violence, when, in fact, he threatened Donna when she would not tell him where his wife... Unrelated, no evidentiary value. Next question. - What about these? Look familiar? - Don't answer that. Who was living with Rachel? Mr. Frye, if I leave here without a believable response, I am gonna arrest your client for murder. And guilty or not, this movie that starts rehearsing tomorrow will have to find someone else to play the part. Or with a little cooperation, the show can go on. It's your choice. (WHISPERING) You can tell her that you didn't know where Rachel was living... (SIGHS) I don't know where Rachel was living or who was living with her. I didn't threaten Donna. We had a disagreement about what she was saying to my wife, that's all. Another disagreement that you conveniently forgot to tell me. - So you lied to me again! - I loved my wife. - She was my world. - So, then why won't you help me? 'Cause you keep treating me like I'm a criminal! - Ryan, it's okay. - You loved Rachel so much? Then what exactly are you doing right now that could possibly be more important than helping me find her murderer? I am trying to work. I'm studying my part, hoping to God that I get out of here in time to play it! More specifically, I am highlighting my lines, which is what all actors do - when they first get their script. - Ryan, it's okay. Look, no more questions about this homicide. You want to make an arrest? Lieutenant, those script pages that we found at Rachel's apartment, - where are they? - Got them right here. - Okay. - Here you go. Who would play this role where the words are all yellow? Hello. Callie Rivers? I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson of the LAPD. Yes. Sorry for my appearance. Slept in today. I understand you recently guest-starred on Trauma Unit. I did, yes. The episode hasn't aired yet, but, yes. Why? Well, I was hoping that you'd be able to answer a few questions about Rachel Hughes. She was a hairdresser... Yes, I heard about what happened to her. So sorry. Unfortunately, I didn't know her that well, so... You didn't? Because we found some of your things at her apartment. Oh. That. Uh... Well, I did stay with Rachel very briefly, but she was never there. She worked, like, 16 hours a day on that show, so... Do you mind if we come in? Well... (STUTTERING) Well, it's a mess right now. I understand. What do you want to know? Well, there's a lot, actually. Like, why were you staying with Rachel? CALLIE: She said she was afraid of her husband and she wanted some company. It made her feel safe. BRENDA: So, she must have told you that her husband beat her. Yeah, a little bit, yeah. Did she also explain to you how she got away from Ryan? How she just walked out and left him? No! No! Please! - CALLIE: (SCREAMING) No! - Let her go! - Please, no! - You let her go now! I'll break her neck, I swear! Do you hear me? Back off! Back off! I mean it! Back off! - I'll kill her! - No! No! I mean it. I will kill her. I'll break her neck, I swear. Do you hear me? Let her go, now! Now! - No! No! - Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. No, please. Please don't hurt him. He didn't mean to kill her. Shut up, you stupid bitch! - You shut up! - Shut up! Shut up! BRENDA: Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. GABRIEL: Easy! Whoever you are, you are under arrest for the murder of Rachel Hughes. Considering the circumstances, your lawyer requested that we offer you an explanation of what happened to your wife, and perhaps offer an apology. First, let's start with the murder. Your wife, having been physically abused herself, recognized similar injuries in Callie Rivers, a guest star on the aptly named Trauma Unit. Rachel then convinced Callie to run away from her abusive boyfriend, Mark, just like she had run away from you. Looking for Callie, Mark threatened your wife, very much like you confronted Donna. When Rachel stood up for Callie, refusing to tell Mark where she was, he beat her to death. Rachel was murdered protecting somebody else? Yeah, she was. And now to finish up here, on behalf of the entire LAPD, allow me to say how sorry I am that you lied to us so much and that you knocked your wife around to such an extent that we considered you a suspect in her murder. - That's your apology? - Mmm-hmm. (SCOFFS) You people have no idea what I'm going through, do you? Excuse me. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) (SIGHS) I'd still like to arrest him. Odds are one day we will. - FRITZ: Willie Ray? - Mmm? - Don't forget your shampoos. - WILLIE RAY: Oh, thank you, honey. Just when I was wondering what would make showering in that RV any worse. There's nothing wrong with the shower in that RV. Daddy. I just want to say that Fritz and I are gonna get married when we're ready, and not one minute before. It's our business, and I won't be rushed into setting a date or a place by anyone. I'm not trying to rush you into anything. You've been engaged over a year. We couldn't rush you now - even if we wanted to. - Just so I know it's been said, I want to tell you both, but especially you, Daddy, I'm gonna get married when I want and the way I want to. And the next time we talk about my wedding, it had better be because I brought it up. Well, so much for freedom of speech. Am I still allowed to take y'all to dinner? - Yes. That would be very nice. - Good. Well, go get dressed and try to treat the waiter better than you do me. That was inspiring the way you stood up to your father just now. You really think so? Sometimes the only way to deal with a control freak is to lay down the law. - I totally agree. - Which is why I'm saying I want to be married by the end of January or February of next year at the latest. And the next time we talk about it, you better have a date in mind. English - SDH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 