The Closer: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s4e2 - Speed Bump - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 4, Episode 2 - Speed Bump - full transcript 
 Brenda and the team must determine if a murder was revenge or mere coincidence when a recently released murderer turns up dead... the victim of a hit-and-run. Meanwhile, Brenda's personal life isn't much better for she must deal with a recently incapacitated Fritz. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Good morning. Synchro: ShalimarFox, Kiry You know... We haven't spent any quality time in the guest room yet. Really? - Are you OK? - I'm fine. Just a back spasm. - Are you OK? - I'm fine. I'm fine. Old football injury. Shoot! - I'll just let voicemail get it. - No, I'm fine. Please. Go answer. You're vibrating. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well... I was. Hello? Gabriel said it's a hit-and-run, so it should be an easy day. - Hey, hey. - Yes? Maybe... We could meet back in the guest room... Say around noon? Noon? - Are you sure? - Oh, I'll be ready. I told you, it's just a muscle spasm. Really? Do not doubt the FBI. I won't. - So, you and Daniels. - Yes, Sir. - Working out some kinks, you know? - Yeah, it's a little rough. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Morning, Sergeant. Commander. Nice tie. Thanks. Good morning. Oh, what a lovely day. Is she all right? So, why are we here? Chief, at 6:10 this morning, a shop owner found what he described as a "dead homeless dude" in the alley behind his building. So, now priority homicide is handling "homeless dudes"? Well, technically, he's not homeless. Responding officers found a parole ID in his wallet saying he lives at a halfway house in North Hollywood and that his name is Roy Wilkinson. They called me, and I thought it best to get priority involved. - What is that smell? - Margaritas. One is never enough, two is too many, and 12... Well, you're looking at 12. Yeah. It looks like Roy got hit by a car. Coroner's investigator estimates the body's been here since 2:00 a. m. Like I was saying, maybe Roy passes out, a drunk driver heads down the alley, runs him over, and keeps going. There's no lights back here and no sign of skid marks. I've got officers searching the area for damaged cars and a few more knocking on doors to see if anyone's heard something. No one has answered my original question, why is this a priority? Chief, this speed bump is Roy Wilkinson. Who? In 1999, Roy Wilkinson was convicted of manslaughter after killing his girlfriend, Carly Mayhan. It's amazing, Commander, two pieces of bullshit in one sentence. First, Carly wasn't his girlfriend. He picked her up in a bar. And, second, manslaughter, my ass! It was Flynn's case. I think it's safe to say that he took issue with the jury's verdict. They should have put this guy in jail for life. Instead, he only gets eight years. Carly Mayhan is Davis Mayhan's daughter, the movie producer. It was all over the news. Not in Atlanta. Somebody must have used Roy's name on an open channel. Well, chief Johnson, you might want to tune in tonight, because I assure you every network is going to run with this story. Well, Commander, don't let me stand between you and the cameras. Chief, I could do a thorough investigation right now. A murdering scumbag alcoholic passes out in an alley and gets run over by a car, leaving the world a much better place. I'll write it up, and we'll all be home by noon. Look, I'd love to be done with this by noon. You have no idea how much I'd like to be done with this by noon. But we have a dead body, a bunch of nosy reporters, and somebody fled the scene. So nobody is gonna be done with anything by noon! Now, who has the number for the halfway house? The place is run by a private foundation. They call it a re-entry center. This one is hooked up with the parole program at Victorville. Yeah, most of these slugs treat parole like a weekend pass. They don't even get unpacked before they're back into trouble. Hi. I'm Karen Silva. I'm the manager here. Can I help you? Yes, ma'am. We're with the L.A.P.D. We wanted to talk to you about Roy Wilkinson. What happened? I'm afraid there's been an accident, ma'am. - Roy was hit by a car. - Roy's dead. Oh, no. What happened? They found him in an alley early this morning. It appears he'd been drinking. Poor Roy. It's a shame he fell off the wagon. Yeah, more like under it. You don't seem surprised. I've learned not to be surprised anymore. I thought Roy was getting better. People just don't understand how hard it is for these men. Hard for them? Lieutenant... Why don't you go interview sleeping beauty over there, while Ms. Silva shows us Roy's room? That sound good? Sure. Come with me. This is Roy's bunk. Which one of these dressers is Roy's? The one on the right. No family photos. Roy was like most of the guys who wind up here. If he had any family, they didn't want to have anything to do with him anymore. How did, how did Roy get along with the other residents? Well, I'm not here around the clock, but I would know if there were any problems. I did hear that someone on the outside was hassling him. Who would that be? I asked him. He didn't want to talk about it. That's his one-year AA Chip. He just got it. He was so proud. Did Roy have a job? He just lost another one. Do you think that might be one of the reasons why Roy started drinking after a year of sobriety? I've learned through experience that alcohol doesn't need a reason. I think these should cover everyone who's been in residence here for the last year and a half. Thank you. If you think of anything else at all, please give us a call. Yes, do. Could you get us a copy of Roy's death certificate? - For? - Well, there won't be a funeral. They'll just cremate him unless somebody sees to the details. - I don't think that's right. - No, that doesn't seem right. - I'll make sure we send one over. - Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Silva. Yes. Hang on, lieutenant Tao, one second. What did he say about Roy? Quiet, kept to himself, you know, the usual homicidal-maniac routine. You can stay and talk to the rest of them. Yes, Lieutenant? Right now? Daniels called from the morgue. Roy had both his femur bones crushed, plus cracked ribs and massive internal injuries to the chest. We assumed that when the front wheel went over the upper body that the rear wheel went over the legs. We've been running over all these dummies trying to figure out how Roy managed to get two sets of injuries so close together. Yeah, but the only way the tire patterns made any sense was that when the car ran over the body, it suddenly turned to the right. But the alley is too narrow. It would have hit the wall, and there's no paint marks anywhere. Please. My head is about to explode. I assume you didn't bring us back down here just to catalog all the things you don't know. There's a trail of oil right down the middle of the alley. There's a lot of oil in this alley. There is, but not all of it's fresh. Walk with me. Please. This puddle of oil here, a few yards from the body, comes out of nowhere, which got me thinking... When the car ran over Roy Wilkinson, Roy did a little damage to the car. Maybe broke the oil pan. That's what I'm talking about. This spot here tells me maybe the driver stopped, got out, said, "Oh, my God. What have I done?" Then took off again. Walk with me. So, now the car is leaking oil, and we can follow the oil trail like breadcrumbs. Walk with me. Shows us exactly where the car went. Walk with me. Walk with me. Walk with me! The son of a bitch drove around the block Came back to finish the job. Once the vehicle ran over Roy Wilkinson a second time, we were able to follow the oil trail around the block, but, unfortunately, onto the westbound 10, and then it was impossible to isolate it. At least now we know we have a murder. And now we know we're looking for a car with a damaged oil pan. And we've been checking with garages, tow companies, auto dealerships to see if anyone brought in a vehicle with this type of damage, but so far, nothing. I tracked down most of the residents. None of them admits to knowing much about Roy. Any of them own a car? Well, there are two cars at the halfway house. One belongs to this guy Jim Francis. But supposedly he can't drive it, as he got his license suspended, D.U.I. The other one is a Datsun 210 Couldn't go over a pothole, much less a person. But I've got S.I.D. checking out both vehicles for any traces of Roy juice. Any word from Roy's parole officer? His voicemail says he's out of town. Comes back tomorrow. Anything useful come out of commander Taylor's press release? Four calls saying "it is a good day," a guy called and said that he killed Roy Wilkinson, though he claimed he shot him, an insurance agency, a couple of ambulance-chasing lawyers, and 13 people reporting reckless drivers. And a partridge in a pear tree. OK, I think that we should follow up on all of them, please. And in the meantime, I think we should focus our efforts on trying to find a car with a newly broken oil pan. And, sergeant Gabriel, just give me one minute. And I think that we should introduce ourselves to the Mayhans. Thank you. Hello. You've reached Fritz Howard. Leave a message, and I'll call you back. I'm so sorry, Fritzi. My hit-and-run turned out to be a hit-and-run-around-the-block And-then-hit-'em-again... And run. Anyway, my entire day is shot. So I was hoping that we could reschedule our nooner to an eighter... ...or a niner. Sergeant Gabriel mentioned that you were about to go see the Mayhans. I am. Let's go watch some TV. Carly Mayhan's killer was found dead in what police say was a hit-and-run after spending eight years in prison. Pick a channel, any channel. For Davis Mayhan, this is not the Hollywood ending he would have envisioned, but perhaps it will provide closure. I can't help what they put on the news. But you can't ignore it. Are you telling me I can't talk to two possible suspects? Please. "Persons of interest" is the correct phrase. And explain to me why the Mayhans are more viable suspects than an entire halfway house full of recently released convicts. Because the Mayhans have a motive. Look, my first interview with a sus... A person of interest is the most important, seeing how they react before they've had an opportunity. Yes, thank you for the tutorial. Now allow me to give you one. I... I think I should go. No. No, no, Sergeant. Stay, please. I think it's important for you to understand how to strike a balance between what chief Johnson does and what I do. Because, you see, for all of her talents, your boss has a tin ear when it comes to politics and handling the media. While chief Pope seems to think of nothing else. Yeah, because, Sergeant, when the media see her face at the Mayhans', it will become impossible for chief Johnson to run an investigation on her terms. Well, thank you so much for the advice, but I would rather not give the Mayhans time to consult an attorney or get their story straight. Did you really get the impression there that I was offering you advice? Sergeant, were you under that impression? No, Sir. Listen to me. If you speak with the Mayhans, you will do so in my office. So you are ordering me to call the Mayhans and invite them down here at their leisure? Oh, no. No. I do not want you to call the Mayhans. Hey, Laura. Andy Flynn. Yeah, I'm fine. Thank you. And you? Oh, that's good. So, I guess you heard about today's fortunate events. Well, that's why I called. I know how much this means to you and Davis, and I would love it if the two of you could stop down at Parker Center today so we can catch you up on all the details of the case. 'cause you deserve to know. All right, great. Okay. See you soon. Anyone else you want me to lie to? Thank you, Lieutenant. I know that was unpleasant. - But it's all for the best. - For who? These people trust me, Chief, or they used to. And I'm hoping to eliminate them as suspects. Let them bring a lawyer into this, it's just gonna drag on and on. That asshole strangled a 22-year-old girl while having sex with her, and the court only gave him eight years. Now you want to drag these nice people through the mud over his death? Sometimes good people are capable of bad things. There have to be consequences for that. When the guy getting run over is Roy Wilkinson, then the consequences ought to be a ticker-tape parade. We don't get to determine which victims are worthy of our attention, Lieutenant. And we can't pick and choose which parts of the justice system we want to uphold. T- that's beautiful, Chief. So, if you'll excuse me, I think I need to throw up a little. - It's good to see you, Andy. - You too, Laura. You're looking good. Lose weight? Yeah, well, I went vegetarian, but don't tell my friends back in Jersey that, OK? This is my boss, deputy chief Brenda Johnson. Hello. And this is her boss, assistant chief Will Pope. Good to meet you. Thank you so much for coming in to speak with us today. Thank you. We know that you don't have to do this. So, I assume you've heard a little bit about what happened this morning. When the reporters started gathering on our lawn, we figured something was up. We heard it was a hit-and-run. There are facts that lead us to believe that Roy Wilkinson was murdered. Facts? And if we don't get out ahead of this, we're afraid that the press might start jumping to conclusions. Andy, what's she saying? I- I'd like to know if you and your wife have had any contact whatsoever with the victim prior to his death. - A victim? - Mr. Wilkinson. Now he's the victim. The last time I saw that monster was in a courtroom, and he got an eight-year sentence for murdering my daughter. Okay. Good. Now, just in order to dot our I's and cross our T's, we'd like to take a peek at your cars, if you don't mind. - You're kidding. - All right. It sounds like we're suspects. Andy, do you think we're suspects? Look, Laura, Davis, I don't like this... Listen, the more careful we are with this now, the less damage the press can do to your reputations. Lt Flynn can come to your home in an unmarked car with a couple of our lab guys. No, that won't be necessary. You can't look at our cars, not without a search warrant. Mr. Mayhan, our intent here is not to upset you. Too late. We really just wanted to eliminate you and your wife as suspects. - You want to eliminate me as a suspect? - All right, honey. Was it a long, painful death? Was he brutally tortured before he died? No. Then it wasn't me. Well, that went real well. Fritzi, I've spent the entire day smelling a boozy corpse and getting yelled at. I'm not feeling very romantic. Neither am I. How was your day? Well, if you can't fall asleep, you ought to be able to watch TV. Ow! Ow! Geez! Oh! This is ridiculous. I'm taking you to the doctor. No doctors! They're just gonna tell me what I already know, to stay at home, lie flat on my back, which I am trying to do. Well, I can't just stand here and watch you suffer. Wha... What are you doing? - What are those? - They work for me. Vicodin? Where did you get Vicodin? Last year, for my procedure. - I can't take your pills. - Well, fine. Then I will call Dr. Leland and have him get you your own prescription. - Put the phone down, please. - You are getting help - You're not helping me. - Yes, I am. Brenda. Sweetie. I appreciate what you're trying to do, but giving Vicodin to an alcoholic is not help. Oh, right. I'm sorry. No pills. I don't know why I keep forgetting that. Because you constantly dismiss addiction as a problem and we never talk about it ever. Okay, fine. Let's discuss it now. Now? Seriously? In the middle of the night, - while I'm lying on the floor in pain? - Oh, sorry. Sorry. Well, what can I do? Get me your big bag of cookies, the remote to the television, and answer your phone. Answer your... Deputy chief Johnson's wife. May I ask who's calling? Just a minute. Detective Daniels. Oh. At this hour? Hello, detective Daniels. You're working late. No reason to go home. I just got off the phone with that insurance investigator, Jim Petersen of American Omaha Life. Life? Roy wilkinson had a life-insurance policy? Watch where you're going! On the low end, $80,000. Petersen is gonna fax over the full policy tomorrow morning, but he did tell me over the phone the beneficiary is a... Patricia Simmons. Ex-wife or ex-girlfriend? I'm not sure who she is. But I can tell you where she works. Reporters have been calling here all day. - Please. - Thank you. I don't feel like talking to any of them. Do you know one reporter tried to ride the bus with me? I mean, really. Were you and Roy close, Ms. Simmons? Oh, I don't know. I'm not here every day. I volunteer a couple times a week, so I don't get a chance to get to know most of the men really well. I had no idea Roy was the one that did all those awful things to that Mayhan girl. He was kind to me. I was helping him with his GED. I just... Can't believe this. Did Roy ever talk to you about money? Well, not really. Other than to complain he didn't have any. He had enough to pay for a life-insurance policy, and he named you as the beneficiary. A... a what? Life-insurance. See? Your name... right here. Why would he do that? You didn't know he was leaving you this money? No, not at all. Roy didn't say a word. Good lord. Even my husband didn't leave me anything like that. Oh, I don't feel right taking this. Roy must have cared for you very much. Well, I try to treat all of them like they were my own kids. Did you ever get the sense that Roy was drinking again? - No. - Anything out of the ordinary happen recently that might have upset him? An argument? Old girlfriend? There was something. A couple of weeks ago, - someone sent him flowers. - Flowers? But they didn't make him happy. He just threw them out right away. Do you know who sent them? - No. - Or what florist they were from? No. But I took the flowers out of the trash and I brought them home. The arrangement was beautiful. Still haven't found any cars in the neighborhood with damage done to the oil pan, and s. i.d. says the two cars Flynn found at the halfway house are clean. And as for those flowers, I'm coming up empty on Roy's secret admirer. The flower business is nothing. I mean, Roy probably had one of those wacko pen pals while he was in prison... You know, lonely ladies who love from a safe distance. Yeah, but if we could tie those flowers to the Mayhans, then that might give us enough to get a warrant to search their vehicles. Baloney. I'm telling you, the flowers are a waste of time. But they're all we have to go on so far. So check the visitors logs for the prison and halfway house please. And, lieutenant Tao, I'd like you to get in touch with all the florists in the area. I want to know who sent those flowers. Don't bother. And why would I not bother, Lieutenant? I sent the flowers. Please tell me why, Lieutenant. Because it's the anniversary of Carly's death, and I wanted Roy never, ever to forget what he had done, - because I wasn't going to. - So you sent him flowers? And a card. So, what did this card say? - What did the card say? - It said... "happy death day. " That is just enough for a decent defense attorney to make you a suspect in Roy's murder. Chief, every year, this date hits me. I mean, don't you have a case that you took little more personally? Carly and her parents deserve justice. And whether you like it or not, Roy Wilkinson deserves the same. You do understand that the right thing for me to do is to take you off this case? Please don't. The... parole officer's here. Thank you. I was up North, trying to find another one of my parolees who decided not to call in. Jackass. So, what did I miss? I was hoping that you could give me some inside information on Roy Wilkinson. In your opinion, was he just another jackass? So-so. Did you know that Roy took out a life-insurance policy? He left the money to a Ms. Simmons at the halfway house. Well, some ex-cons find Jesus or Mohammed. Roy found an insurance agent. Or an insurance agent found Roy. Did he have any enemies at the halfway house? - No. - Any drinking buddies? No, no, no. Roy always passed his drug tests. He was a regular at AA meetings. What would cause someone who's been sober for a year to start drinking again? You know, guilt, depression. Usual stuff. I understand it was hard for Roy to keep down a job. - Yeah. Yeah. Roy got fired a few times. - Why? Well, as Roy tells it, Laura Mayhan would show up wherever he was working, pass out newspaper clippings, telling his employer and the customers how Roy had murdered her daughter. Not a lot of businesses looking for that kind of PR. So Mrs. Mayhan was harassing him? Well, you know, you ask a judge, no. I mean, Mrs. Mayhan was not breaking any laws. She could tell his employer any story she wanted. Did you ask her to stop? You know, I've been doing this a long time, and here's the thing. Not everyone stops when you tell them to. Mrs. Mayhan... ...I don't think she wanted to stop. - I understand. - No, no, no, no, no. - Look, I'm being ordered to do this. - I don't care whose fault it is. - Hey guys, over here. They're here. - Is Davis Mayhan a suspect in the murder of Roy Wilkinson? Do you have any new evidence here? Congratulations. I've never seen you handle the press better. - I didn't say a word to them. - Exactly. Now that they've seen you here, I'm gonna have to give them something. I'll try and keep it vague, but I can tell you right now, our lead on the story is "Davis Mayhan suspect in Wilkinson murder. " Well, Commander, given your media skills, I'm sure you'll find some handy way to spin this to our advantage. So, spin, Commander. Spin. Our attorney's already been on the phone with your chief Pope, and he did not authorize this search warrant. A judge authorized the search warrant. And none of this would have been necessary if you had simply cooperated and if your wife hadn't lied. - What are you talking about? - Two days ago, you both assured me that you hadn't seen Roy Wilkinson since his sentencing, when, in fact, your wife has been following him - and harassing him. - That is ridiculous. Laura? I wanted the world to know the truth about that man. - Roy thought that he could get a job - God. and just go on with his life. I couldn't let that happen. You understand that whoever ran him over must have been following him. How else would that person have found him in that alley? I followed him in his car, but I did not kill him. Roy didn't have a car, Mrs. Mayhan. Of course he did. Are you sure you remember clearly? Maybe someone was giving him a ride. Our lawyer said not to talk to anybody. Don't talk to me like I'm 5 years old, Ms. Johnson. I know what Roy Wilkinson looks like. I remember every wrinkle on his face. And I remember the crappy, blue Oldsmobile Toronado with the old blue plates that he's been driving. And I remember the look in his eyes when he walked out of that courtroom. You think I don't remember? The truth is, I can't forget! Do you happen to rember where you were the night he was murdered? That is enough. Do you rember the license plate number on this blue car? - 5-G-B-K-92. - No. No. - 5-G-B-K-92! - Go back. - Please. Sweetheart. - 5-G-B-K-92! - 5-G-B-K-92! - Go upstairs. - Please, don't. Sweetheart. - 5-G-B-K-92! Thanks for looking out for us, Andy. S.i. d. said there's no damage, no sign of recent repair, no blood, no skin, no clothing from Roy in any of their cars. Can I go back to being a suspect now? 5- G-B-K-92 does come back to a blue 1991 Oldsmobile Toronado. It's registered to a guy named Jerry Nemec. - Jerry Nemec. - Yeah, he did seven years for robbery, Died three years ago. Now, the thing is, his registration is up to date, and his last known address... Halfway house. Maybe Jerry Nemec left his car to Roy? No. Roy was in prison when Jerry died. They didn't live at the house at the same time. Besides, this car never showed up in Flynn's search. So where is it? Well, maybe one of Roy's buddies at the halfway house took it off his hands after he died. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It says right here that Jerry Nemec was killed in a hit-and-run. And it looks like he had a life-insurance policy, too. Who else at the halfway house has a life-insurance policy. Thank you. - Jim Francis? - Yeah. - Hi. I'm Brenda. - Okay. - I just have a few questions for you. - Okay. Now, how long ago were you released from prison? About... eight months ago. And how long have you been in AA? About eight months... - Off and on. - Are you drunk right now? Um, define "drunk. " Do you own a car, Mr. Francis? Yeah, but my license is suspended. Do you have any friends or family that chauffeur you around town? Me and my family aren't exactly close. Well, that explains why you haven't designated any of them as beneficiaries to your life-insurance policy. What life-insurance policy? That's not your signature? No. Thank you. Ladies. Thank you so much for coming in. I would have come to you, but, crazy day. Any-old-how, I have copies for both of you of Roy Wilkinson's death certificate. You'll need this to collect the life-insurance policy that Roy left you, and Karen will need one for the mortuary. Have you decided what kind of service you're gonna have yet? Not yet. Is it going to be like the one you arranged for Jerry Nemec? I'm sorry? Oh, shoot. I forgot my glasses. I'll be right back. Okay. We have nothing to worry about. We didn't have anything to do with this. So, Sergeant, you see how useful it is to observe a person's first reaction to information. Ladies. They were here all along. Sweetie, it only gets worse. Oh, that's what I've heard. You both are so incredible. All the good you do for these men, it's not surprising that they'd want to do something nice in return. Well, a good deed is its own reward. Sure, but a good deed and a life insurance policy is even better. It's such a coincidence that both Roy and Jerry died the exact same way, Drunk and hit by a car. It's unfortunate that so many of these released criminals fall into the same destructive patterns of behavior. Hold that thought. Oh, Mr. Francis. Thank you so much for waiting. Excuse me one second. - Did you talk to him? - No. Why would I? Chief, you haven't read them their rights. No. They haven't given me a reason to... yet. Thank you for your patience. I had to say goodbye to Mr. Francis, who I just interviewed. Do you think that Jim Francis had something to do with Roy's death? Oh, I'm certain of it. And it's strange, you know? I mean, both he and Roy have so much in common, Ex-cons, no family, struggles with addiction, and they both had life-insurance policies. The only difference is... Jim Francis doesn't have tire marks across his chest. - What? - Well, don't you have to run them over first before you can collect the life-insurance money? What is she saying, Patty? I'll answer that. Roy Wilkinson's life-insurance policy: $80,000. Beneficiary: Patricia Simmons. And Roy had a second policy: $150,000. Beneficiary: Karen Silva. Though no claim has been made... yet. Jerry Nemec's policy: $80,000. Beneficiary: Patricia Simmons. And he had a second policy: $150,000. Beneficiary: Karen Silva. Bill Johnson, Luther Madison. Four men in the past five years, all living at your facility, all with life-insurance policies naming one or both of you as beneficiaries. All from different companies, of course. And it doesn't take an expert to see that all of these policies are written - in the same hand. - No, no. You don't understand. There are no families to pay for it, the state won't pay for it, and it is not cheap to give a man a decent funeral. And we can't afford it on what we make. I'm a volunteer. All I've got is my social security. - So, you identify the hardest cases... - And we make arrangements. Just in case. Well, you've become awfully good at identifying men who are 366 days away from being run over in an alley, because that is the exact way that all of these men died one year after you take out a policy. Coincidentally, one year is the same amount of time it takes for a life-insurance policy to vest. Now... I know you killed Roy Wilkinson. My question is... Why does Jim Francis only have one policy? Why does only Karen get to cash in on him? It says so right here. - You greedy bitch! - Patty, shut up! You greedy... Not another word! Not another word! You said we were done! I said shut your mouth! You both have the right to remain silent. Sergeant, could you... Anything you say can be used against you in a court of law. - You have the right to an attorney. - I'll get you! If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you. I can afford an attorney! - You got to be kidding me. - Do you understand these rights? - All right. Come on. - Easy, easy! Ladies, that's enough! Easy! Come on! Calm down. Sit down. These men were criminals! They were drunks! With free housing and three meals a day! And we were waiting on them, getting older by the minute! At the end of the week, I could hardly stand up! And you're worried about Roy Wilkinson? No. I'm worried about your retirement plan. Now, I'm gonna write one of you up for murder in the first degree and one of you as an accessory. Whose name goes where? We got Roy drunk. He didn't want to go to the bar at first. But you told him that one drink wouldn't hurt, and you gave him another and another until you could practically pour him into that car. - Jerry Nemec's car. - Roy passed out in the backseat, just like Jerry. Just like all the others. But a man who can't move is heavy. So you put him on a blanket and you pulled him out of the car, and dragged him into the middle of that alley? Yes. You know, you're... You're making it sound a lot worse than it was. After we hit him, I just wanted to go home. But you stopped to make sure he was dead. Was he? No. He was just moaning. Karen pulled the car away. I thought we were leaving. I was so relieved. And then she drove around the block and she did it again! Karen? Anything? She's lying. Well... That'll be up to a jury to decide which one of you is telling the truth. I got to say, I don't like your odds. I just told commander taylor to arrange a press conference for first thing in the morning. Let the world know the Mayhans had nothing to do with this. Uh, if you don't mind, I think lieutenant Flynn should handle this one. - Yeah. Okay. - Thanks. - Hey, Chief. - Yes? Thank you. He's just kidding, Vernon. Go ahead, try it. It's a fruit smoothie. - Mmm. That looks good. - Yeah! What kind would you like? We've got strawberry-banana. - Got any berries? - Sure I've got berries. I've got some raspberries. I've got some blueberries. I've got some strawberries. Here you go. Watch this! A little bit of juice. Not finished yet. Pop in some ice. Pop on the blade. Give it a quick spin... And just watch. It takes about three... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 