The Closer: Season 4, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s4e11 - Good Faith - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 4, Episode 11 - Good Faith - full transcript 
 At the Medical Examiner's insistence, Brenda and her team look into the death of Jeff Crawford, a recovered drug addict with a $2 million insurance policy, who owed money to his brother Ed and his ex-wife Dana (suing him for back alimony) but who left it all to the church through which he found religion. The police determined that Jeff took his own life, but the autopsy suggests otherwise. Pastor Paul Hicks says he was on the road to leading a good Christian life and living in a church-owned apartment. He had even asked his girlfriend (recovering cancer patient Beth Gibson) to marry him, which she refused to do until she recovered. Brenda, with her own wedding now less than a month away, has her own challenges to deal with, including placating her visiting parents. Awareness of her father's health condition gives Brenda the clue to identifying the killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Synchro: Kiry, ShalimarFox - Oh, Ma, please don't cry. - I can't help it, Brenda Leigh. Who designed this veil... The Taliban? Let's try another one. Almost done. I have never seen anyone so beautiful - in my whole life. - I have, Willie Ray. When you walked down the aisle wearing that dress. Now I need a tissue. I'm just sorry you have to wait a month to see Brenda in that beautiful dress. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, technically, it's only 28 days. But I bet we'd both feel better if we had that in writing. Think of yourself Half a century hence, When you and Brenda could be doing what Willie Ray and I are doing right now, Getting ready to celebrate your 50th anniversary on a cruise of the Hawaiian Islands. I can almost smell the sea breeze. Yeah, but why should I be wearing white, Ma? - It's not like I'm... - Brenda Leigh, White is the color of joy and new beginnings. Well, I should just... You'd have to do work on this, Mama. I should just wear the gown From my first wedding. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You can't re-wear that dress. That's cursed! Besides, your father and I like to pretend that first marriage never happened. Now stand up, and turn around. So, which is it gonna be? Your sister-in-law Amy's... your aunt Ruth's... or... mine? Well, I like yours the best. - Of course she does. - That's the only right answer with me standing next to her. Still, I'm glad she said it anyway. - No! No! - I'm not looking. It's lieutenant Flynn. Thank you. Yes? Hello? Yes. I hope we find a proper place for y'all to get married Before we have to get on that ship. Brenda Leigh always lets things slide until the very last minute. I wish she'd take more of an interest in all this. Oh, she's very interested, Willie Ray. For example, look at how hard she's been searching for the right cake. If that girl had her way, she'd ask a minister to stop by a crime scene and then serve ho hos out of her purse. I hope she's not headed for one of those horrible murders. We have so many places we have to see. No, Ma, I'm stopping by the office for a quick celebration, Which I said might be happening today, And to sign off on a suicide that just came in. And then I will be joing you For our tour of very small chapels. Tiny, tiny. I mean it. And I'm sorry I can't come with you today, but I promise, I'm gonna hook up with all of you right after work. I thought we were gonna pick out a cake before we left this morning. Julio. I have a long day. - Sure? - No, positive. Thanks. Oh, my God, open your card. But why light duty? I've spent a great deal of time with him. Detective Sanchez seems fully recovered to me. The guy's had 5 surgeries and a shoulder reconstructed from cadaver parts. All it takes is one doctor to say, "he's not ready yet." I took him to the firing range 3 days ago, and he still ranks a sharpshooter, and I saw him run 1/2 mile at the track. Look, lieutenant Provenza is his immediate supervisor. He should have all the paperwork, ask him what's up. Meanwhile, two patrol officers from the Hollywood division wrote up a suicide last Sunday. Morales calls back from the morgue, and says the guy was murdered. Hollywood homicide detectives didn't follow up? Did you not hear the words "suicide" and "Sunday"? Lovely. So, the good doctor is offering the case to major crimes Before filing a complaint with the D.A., which could trigger an inquiry which... chief Pope does not need right now. So, Dr. Morales, I understand you have something to show us. I do. Then would someone kill the lights, please? Yeah. I got it, chief. You guys, maybe you want to put down your little... Wedding-cake samples while I show you my presentation. - It's pretty graphic. - No, we're fine, doc. In fact, this is a really good test to see which one of these the chief might choose for her reception. Yeah, If you still like it while you're watching somebody who blew their brains out, This is the cake for your wedding. But this guy didn't blow his brains out. That was done for him. This is a murder. Jeffrey Crawford, white male, 36 years old, building contractor. Who discovered the body? That would be his minister. Pastor Paul Hicks. According to the responding officers, the minister identified himself as a... "close friend of the victim", Jeff Crawford. Is there any reason to believe Mr. Crawford would want to off himself? Hesitation marks on his wrists. From an old suicide attempt. I'm not investigating his past. Mr. Crawford also owed a substantial sum to his brother, With whom he owned a contracting business, and his ex-wife is suing him for back alimony and child support. Plus, he just got out of rehab for cocaine addiction six months ago. Other than that, life was good. I don't care what his personal life was like. I'm interested in the physical evidence. We do an X-Ray series of every victim that comes to the coroner's office. As you can see, the first and second joints of his index and middle fingers on his right hand are fused from an old injury. They... they don't bend. And he was shot through the right side of his head. Which means that he'd have had to use his ring finger to pull the trigger. Considering how awkwardly the gun would have to be held to go from right to left, back to front. Even if it could be done, I don't believe it and I'm not signing off on suicide. So... I'm going over Hollywood division's head. - If the L.A.P.D. won't follow up... - Whoa, hold on a second, doc. - I don't think I like your tone, okay? - Really? - Really. - How about a dial tone? 'Cause that's what you'll get next time you call for an expedited autopsy. Now might be a really great time for everyone here to remind themselves. I don't work for you. I work for the County, And I have a legal obligation to determine how this man died. Now, if you won't take this seriously, I have no trouble going elsewhere. Enjoy your cake. Doctor! Please. One moment, please. I'm terribly, terribly sorry. Lt Provenza, could you call the victim's brother, please? We should try and meet with him as soon as possible. And, cdr. Taylor, since there's a minister involved, would you go through the necessary channels for me to speak with him, please? And, detective Sanchez, let's go through everything that the S.I.D. collected from the crime scene. Chief, I've been looking at the pictures they took, and the doc. might be right. This is the bathroom where the body was found. Look at the blow-back. It's not uniform. There's a bloody silhouette on the door, maybe where the shooter was standing. I'll get to the bottom of this. I promise. Just... take this seriously. Please. Absolutely. Welcome back, Detective. - You want my opinion, Chief? - Yes, Lieutenant. I was surprised, but I liked the lemon cream. It held up. Thank you, lieutenant. I'll make sure and tell my mom. Did your brother call you that Sunday morning, and tell you that he was feeling down and depressed? And did he give you any indication that... Captain Joiner called me from Hollywood division and tells me we're about to incur a lawsuit. - Is that right? - A lawsuit? Over what? Well, did we tell the family and friends of some drug addict that he killed himself, and then start investigating it as a murder? I'm sorry, sir, but the morgue decided that the death was undetermined, So rather than put Dr. Morales on a collision course with... OK, listen, first, we don't investigate suicides. That's number one. - Second... - Second, it's not a suicide. It's undetermined. So what should I do? - Yes, detective Daniels? - It turns out Ed here wasn't just our victim's brother and business partner. He's also sole heir to Jeff Crawford's will. And... Jeff had a really expensive insurance policy just vested recently. $2 million payoff, And the only beneficiary... - His brother! - I thought Jeff had kids. And now they have a rich uncle. One more thing... The weapon found at the scene that Jeff used to blow his brains out belongs to Ed here. Are we now turning all these mourners into suspects? I promise that I will investigate this murder discreetly. Oh, my God! You just called it a murder. That is not discreet. As your concerns, I just... I just have to do one thing first, okay? Thank you. Jeff joined this church after he got out of rehab. He told me he had given his life to Christ. And he became close with his minister. And he started dating... Almost got engaged, I guess, to this sweet girl Beth on chemo for lymphoma. Maybe it was her saying no to being married that pushed him over the edge. I don't know. I- I don't know. I'm so sorry to interrupt. Please don't be mad at me, sirs. Y'all want to keep going, or should I... Xhat is it now? I forgot to have Mr. Crawford here sign the Miranda waiver. I'm so sorry. Well, just hurry it up. Let's go. Come on. If you could just initial the marked areas explaining that you don't have to talk to us, and that you... you know, you have the right to an attorney. - The usual rigmarole. - Okay. So, you paid your brother even though he didn't come into work? I would have bought Jeff out, but by the time I discovered how much money he had borrowed from the company to buy drugs, we were near bankrupt. You know, he went to rehab. I had to deal with the tax man. Those terrible bureaucrats! Initial, initial, initial, sign. And there's all that cash I lent him to keep paying his bitch of an ex-wife alimony and child support. I'm glad Jeff found Jesus. I wish he'd have found a job at the same time. Amen. And, just this little card here saying that the gun that your brother used belonged to you. Your brother had attempted suicide before, and... you loaned him a gun? I've been turning this over for days, wondering if maybe if the gun hadn't been there... Maybe if his girlfriend would have agreed to marry him... Maybe if his ex-wife hadn't have hounded him for every dime. And, you know, with this insurance and all the money that you'll... $2 million sounds like... Under the radar, and keep it that way, please. ... knowing that I'll never talk to Jeff again, I can tell you that insurance is no relief at all. Okay, Chief, we blew up pictures from the crime scene. Now, look. So, this looks like someone might have been there, shooting the gun. What else do we know? The apartment belongs to the church where Jeff went. Kind of a residence hotel for members who were getting back on their feet. I spoke to the minister myself, pastor Paul Hicks of the New Church of Good Faith. He said you can look through the apartment, no problem. He'll sendcover Jeff's girlfriend to open it up for you. Okay, thank you, Commander. Detective Sanchez, how are you feeling? Great... good. No problem. Stand up, please. Lift your arm. - Does this hurt? - No. - How about this? - No. - This? - No. Chief, he's fine! Really. We just got a couple of doctor reports that are still outstanding, and... - it'll be done. - I'd like to see those reports as soon as they come in. All right, Detective. At least you're back and not hurting. That's something. Hold down the fort for us, please. - You ready, Buzz? - Roll him out, Lieutenant. Almost ready, Chief! - Take your time, Lieutenant. - There you are. And ready. Okeydoke. There's the bullet hole. No clothes, no books, no computer. Thank you. I can't get my landlord to fix a faucet, and after three days, this place is all cleaned up and ready to rent again. Our church doesn't rent these places, sir. And the cleaning was mostly done by some service recommended by the police. We just repainted the walls, boxed up Jeff's stuff, and stacked it by the door. - And where's that stuff now? - Maybe pastor Paul has it. And Jeff's car, too. I didn't see it when I parked to let you in. Beth, I know this must be hard for you, but... I can't even imagine. You must be very, very upset. And mad. I don't understand it. I was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, last year. I'm fighting so hard to stay alive. I don't get how he could do this. I just don't get it. I hate to mention it, but I know that Jeff asked you to marry him. Jeff didn't shoot himself because I turned down his marriage proposal. I don't know if you'll understand this. I met Jeff before I knew I had cancer, But we didn't start dating until afterwards. I thought, "maybe he's only asking me 'cause I'm sick." So I told him... "try again when we beat this thing." Besides... ... this is not how I wanted to look on my wedding day. The ring was beautiful, though. 2 carats. Maybe I should have accepted it. Anyway... so... Does any of this furniture belong to you? No. We weren't living together. No. This is all church property, really. Pastor Paul will find someone else who needs it. Chief, we're set. Okay. Beth, would you mind calling pastor Paul and letting him know that we're gonna stop by to speak with him if he's available? - He'll be available. - okay. We're a fairly small congregation. Lieutenant, would you please escort Beth to her car? Thank you. - Andy, come closer, please. - You got it, mike. Chief, when the shot was fired, the victim's head was angled towards the right corner of this bathroom, above the commode. - So, he's right, Mike? - Yeah. There you go. He's standing right here, okay? All right, so... I'm Crawford's height. If I put my ring finger on the trigger, gun behind my right ear... There's not enough room. So... Bang... He drops. Someone moved the body. Okay. I'm gonna have my parents meet me at this church, and then I am delegating the rest of the day to y'all. I just want to say one thing. It will make life easier for everyone if we continue to treat this death as a suicide. Is that understood? All right, then. Let's find out who murdered Jeff Crawford. Hello, Mama. Hi. I'm sorry I'm late. I have a new possible venue I want y'all to look at, in Hollywood. What kind of church you say this was? We're unaffiliated with any major denominations. Five years ago, I was just a real-estate agent with a morning bible-study group in Northridge. Now, we're a church. And as we grow, we need bigger spaces. We had the opportunity to purchase this skating rink for only $100 a square ft, You sound like quite a shrewd investor, Pastor. "See a man diligent in his business, and he shall stand before kings." We flipped a couple of small businesses, and then, we plow the profits back into the ministry. The apartment building you were in, it houses several people with critical problems, folks... out of rehab, folks who have lost their homes. Would it be rude to ask If we could sit in with this prayer group over there? That is an in-reach meeting. Overcoming sexual addiction. We're gonna go look around while you talk to Brenda. Come on, Willie Ray. Let's see how they've sanctified the concession stand. This is a church! When Jeff came to us two years ago, he was broken, looking to heal. Over time, his spirits improved greatly. And supervising renovations here boosted his self-esteem. You knew About Jeff Crawford's past, and still you gave him access to your finances? If you're asking if I knew he was an addict who embezzled money from his brother... Yes, I knew who he was. And I knew who he was struggling to become. Coffee, anyone? He raised money for our building fund. And he set up internet sites for several members of our church with health issues but no insurance, like Beth. In fact, the web pages he put together to raise donations for her chemo Actually became the prototype for all our members in financial crisis. And he helped me renovate this building while we used it as a house of worship. So, when he didn't show up for services on Sunday morning... Completely unlike him, especially since he helps me set up the sound system. So, when I was finished here... I let myself Into his apartment. - You had a key? - Somewhere. But I didn't need one. He left one out for people. Do you no longer think his death was a suicide? We're just trying to clear up a few inconsistencies. Like why it appears that Jeff's body was moved after he was shot. - I did that. - Why? Well, when I saw him lying there, my impulse was to help. - Isn't that what anyone would do? - Of course. Of course it is, sir. One last thing. All of Jeff's belongings were packed up, And someone just swooped in and grabbed them all, including his car. That would be his ex-wife, I'm sure. She called yesterday and asked if I would give back the money Jeff donated to the Church, If you can believe that. Dana Crawford. I've got her number here, somewhere... here it is. Tell me, Pastor, do you always preach in sandals? I do. Same as Jesus. Brenda... Would you believe they do baptisms in a hot tub? What about weddings, Pastor? You know, roller derby always seemed to me like the perfect preparation for marriage. Lieutenant. Ma, Daddy, Would you come with me? Brenda, I... I don't want to seem old-fashioned, but this place... No. I know Daddy. It was just a thought. And if y'all don't like it... This suicide Has turned out to be a lot more... complicated than I'd expected. So if y'all could just keep looking without me and take real good pictures, I'm pretty sure I could meet up with you at about 3:00. We were supposed to look for the place you're gonna marry Fritz together. And you investigate murders, not suicide. Daddy, please don't make this harder for me. I want to come with y'all, but I just, I can't be in two places at one time. I'll... I'll meet with you soon, okay? You remember where the door is? Okay. - Do you mind? - I just got off a shift, and I'm dying. Actually, I do, ms. Crawford. Can I offer you a piece of candy instead? - What do you have? - Well, let's see. It's yours. So... What did jeff do? No. I know he killed himself, obviously. But he must have stolen something, too, or I wouldn't be back here at the L.A.P.D. I'm just investigating his suicide, ms. Crawford, which has been made much more difficult `cause his belongings are missing. What are you looking for? An explanation. A suicide note on his computer, perhaps. No, I didn't see one. You do have his computer, then. Yeah, I gave it to my son. Ms. Crawford, you may not realize this, but since you're no longer next of kin and his brother, Ed, is Jeff's actual heir, you had no right to remove any of his... Did jeff have a right to empty our bank accounts, spend all our kids' college money on drugs? I think what he had belongs to me. Including another woman's engagement ring? His girlfriend told us that he offered her a diamond ring, and we couldn't find it anywhere. I didn't see any engagement ring. Trust me. I looked through everything. You want to understand why Jeff is dead? How about this: Jeff stole from anyone he was close to, that church, his new girlfriend, cancer girl. He probably robbed them all blind and then felt guilty about it. He always felt guilty whenever he screwed anybody over. Then... Well, ms. Crawford, thank you so much for stopping by. I'm gonna send one of my officers home with you to retrieve your ex-husband's belongings, including his automobile. No. You won't. `cause I'm not turning anything over to you people. Do I need to remind you that you have no right to any of your ex-husband's belongings? So sue me! I'll do better than that. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You're arresting me? What for? We'll start with grand theft and see what else comes to mind. Lieutenant Flynn, I need you, please. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you can't afford... You can't do this. I have to get home and make dinner for my kids! Well, you could always choose to cooperate. Or I could call the department of children and family services. I'm sure that they would be happy to hold your kids while we investigate. And while you're in jail, you could quit smoking. If this pile of crap represents the sum total of Crawford's worldly possessions, I'm beginning to understand his interest in an afterlife. A bill for Beth Gibson's cancer treatment from Crawford's car. One round of chemotherapy, $6,600? Yeah, crawford thought cocaine was an expensive habit. And here's some past-due credit-card notices, a court warning for unpaid child support. I ran a master inquiry on Jeff Crawford, and a contact card came up from saturday night. Apparently, there was a disturbance at a doctor's office, but the crime report wasn't finished 'cause Jeff took off before anyone got there. But the nurse said he was asking for drugs. He asked for drugs at the doctor's office? Lieutenant. Detective Sanchez's papers. You said you'd have them for me. Chief, I'm still working on getting the last of it done. But, geez, can't you wait a couple of days? Honestly, he's okay. Hey, chief. How's the delegating going? Great. Any sign of the engagement ring? No. Chief, pastor Hicks is here. I talked him into stopping by again like you asked. You want me to handle this? So, you can meet up with your parents. You know what? I'll be in and out really fast, just... in and out really fast. Detective, thank you. Lieutenant Flynn, just one minute, one minute. Pastor Hicks, thank you so much for stopping by. I just have a few things for you to sign. And would you mind going over a summary of the statement that you gave us yesterday to make sure it's accurate? Thank you so much. What is this consent form? That allows us to examine your church finances, including associated accounts like Beth Gibson's recovery fund. No way. I will not open church accounts without a court order. - Then I'll ask for a search warrant. - On what grounds? How would you justify invading our privacy? - A man with... - By alleging that we are the unknowing victims of a theft by Jeff Crawford? "Unknowing", that's your word. How can we be sure you didn't know? So now I'm somehow responsible for his suicide? I talked Jeffrey into rehab. I saved him from addiction. - This is incredible. - What strikes me as incredible is how a man in the throes of financial disaster was somehow able to purchase a diamond engagement ring. With a loan on a deposit of $500. - I even co-signed the financing papers. - So, where's the ring now, padre? When Beth turned him down, he returned it for the deposit... And then immediately donated the cash into Beth's health fund because he was such a monster. First, this was a suicide. Now you're accusing a minister of murder? No accusations were made. I only asked to check on the finances. And I went through the proper channels. Let's step back a little bit here. Pastor Hicks might be upset right now, but if the accounts reveal no theft connected to the victim, perhaps a simple apology tomorrow from chief Johnson might do the trick. In terms of contributions to the recovery fund the victim set up for his girlfriend, the account balances out perfectly, including a $500 deposit that the victim made days before his death. - In other words, clean as a whistle. - But pastor Hicks flips funds around in ways that would impress a swiss banker. You're suggesting this is a motive for murder? If I didn't believe that murder had taken place, - why would I be pursuing this? - I don't know. It's what you do. When you're a hammer, everything in the world looks like a nail. Yes? Hello? Chief, you do realize your parents have been waiting in your office for an hour and a half. Yes, lieutenant, if you could keep them occupied for one more moment, please. No, you don't understand. I wasn't here when they arrived. They've been stuck in your office all this time with Flynn. Oh, for heaven's sakes. In 5 seconds, I have to prepare you for what you're about to face. My suggestion is, don't argue, don't defend. Just say, "I'm sorry." You got it? "I'm sorry." I'm... I'm so sorry. Brenda leigh, I know my time's not worth anything, but your mother deserves better. Oh, clay, please. I can speak for myself. Answer me one question. Do you intend to go through with this wedding? Of course! Did we stop on our way to Hawaii for nothing? I mean, you've got us running Hither and Thither and Yon. Why? - Daddy, of course i'm getting married! - You know what? We're all hungry. Starving, actually. Why don't we have a nice dinner? Just, the four of us. Not me. I'm tired. I've got indigestion. I want to lay down. Daddy, please. I want to talk about this. - I just... - Clay? - Daddy? - Are you all right? - Daddy? - Somebody call an ambulance, and bring me an aspirin for him. - Daddy? - We need some help here! - We need some help here! - Sit. Sit. Sit. Are you okay? Daddy! Daddy! Stay here. Stay here. Stay here. Well, the doctor said that the stent in your father's main left artery had closed off. When did daddy get a stent put in his heart? Now don't be upset with us. Your father had his first heart attack over two years ago. You were miles away, and we didn't want to bother you. Besides, this wasn't nearly as bad as the last time. How do you know? When I had my first heart attack... The pain was so bad, I wanted to die. This time, I just wanted to kill you. Sorry, daddy. I didn't mean to put you off. I just... Brenda Leigh, I don't want to hear you say "I'm sorry" one more time. The doctor said the stent was bad and that I was lucky to be in a police station when it collapsed. So you can't take credit for all my suffering. And if you want to do something that would make me feel better, you can go out and get me a bottle of aspirin. Daddy, it's a hospital. If you need an aspirin, they've got plenty. $10 a pill. As long as I'm in this bed, they've got one hand in my chest and one hand in my wallet. When I see that itemized bill... Insurance doesn't cover everything, you know... It's gonna be enough to make my heart stop dead. Daddy, don't say that. I know I may not always show it the right way, but... I love you so much. - How's he feeling? - Good. We just need to pick up a few things from the pharmacy. We're in a cardiac ward. It says everywhere "no cellphones." That's just a suggestion. Detective Daniels. Oh, thank god you're still there. Better. Thank you. That medical bill for Beth Gibson's chemo? Could you pull it for me, please, right now? Thank you so much. Set. Ms. Gibson, thank you so much for coming in. How are you feeling today? Physically, the further from chemo, the better. Spiritually, I'm sick to death. Well, I don't know what kind of help I can give you for your soul, but I might be able to help with the nausea. First, could you please help me sort through some of Jeff's things here? Is there anything here that doesn't belong or anything missing? - Well, that's not his gun. - How do you know? His was borrowed from his brother, and it was more old-fashioned. Yes, it was. You've got a good eye, Beth. That helps me a lot. This is my gun. Now, one more thing. I'm told that the drugs most commonly used to treat multiple myeloma are excuse me while I butcher the names. Oncovin, decadron, and doxil. Which one are you receiving? Well, it's more of a mixture, really. Pastor Paul tells me I should think of my treatments as part drugs and part prayer. But your medical statement should be itemized. You get so much as an aspirin, and they charge you for it. We found this bill in Jeff's car. I guess he needed it for the doctor's address. And it says here that you paid over $6,000 for a single chemotherapy treatment. But without specifically naming the drugs, I was concerned that you might not have gotten what you paid for. So we visited your oncologist's office today and showed him this picture of Jeff. Now, the receptionist said said she rembers him from an incident last saturday, you know, where the police were called because Jeff stormed in, demanding drugs and better painkillers for you? And the doctor told us that he didn't give Jeff the drug or the painkillers for you because, well, you aren't a patient. You did see this oncologist last year, but when your biopsy results were negative, you didn't return. I would say your faith made you whole. But, as it turns out, you were never sick to begin with. And this bill, it's a fake. You forged it, so, instead of a miracle, that makes your good health more of a scam. Beth Gibson, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you by the state. Have you heard and understood these rights? Okay. Listen, I found a lump under my arm, and I had a biopsy, and I shared my fear at a prayer meeting... And people were so worried for me. I felt so loved, so cared for. And I knew that if I told them that I was fine, all that would go away. So this all began very innocently. "Judge not lest ye be judged." I believe that with my whole heart. But... and this is important, Beth, people want to understand why Jeff Crawford shot himself in the head. And I think you know why. After jeff came back from the doctor that you weren't seeing, what happened? I'd never seen anyone so angry. And disappointed. First, I thought, you know, maybe he'd be at least a little happy that I wasn't dying, but... that didn't happen. - He cried. - I cried. But then he calmed down, and he forgave me. Because he said god would forgive me, but that I had to go in front of the whole church and pastor Paul, too, and ask their forgiveness. And I said I would. And then... And then I left. But I should have stayed. He needed to be with someone. Well, if it's any solace, Jeff didn't die alone. What's that? That's a photo of the blood left on the door of the bathroom where Jeff was shot. To most, it looks like an abstract painting. But to us, it looks like the outline of the person that shot him. And it fits you perfectly. You already told me that you knew Jeff had a gun. You even described it for me. Not that it matters, really. Why do you say that? That website set up to pay for your chemo treatment. Every donation you accepted becomes a count of wire fraud, each one punishable by three years in prison. And, sweetheart, those years pile up real fast. You should have spent some of that money going to the doctor. Keeping it, that's how I knew you were a fraud! Listen, I was even gonna give back all of the money raised for my medical treatments and marry him. I only picked up the gun to scare him, and then it went off. All I asked from Jeff was some time... To make it look like I'd gotten well. But he wouldn't even give me that. Well, maybe Jeff wasn't willing to give you time, but we will. I know a life sentence can seem daunting. But... on the bright side, at least you don't have cancer. Gentlemen. Ms. Gibson, you're under arrest for the murder of Jeff Crawford. And if you don't mind my saying it, may god have mercy on your soul. - How is your father? - Thanks for asking. He's being released tomorrow. Luckily, they have trip insurance for their cruise. Can't travel for another week, so he'll be recuperating with us. Ah. Well, good luck with that. Oh, listen, I checked into the Sanchez situation for you. The head of physical rehab says his recovery has been nothing short of amazing, and he's signed off on a return to full active duty. Good. Unfortunately, behavioral does not agree, and they won't until Sanchez cooperates with a therapist. Lt Provenza's been covering for Julio. I knew it! Let's give Provenza a break. I mean, Sanchez literally took a bullet for him. He just trying to help the guy. My advice is, we let him. Provenza's cagey. He'll find a way. Thanks. That's what you need... Hey, chief. Working on getting that paperwork for you. It should be here any day. All right. Keep me informed, lieutenant. Here we go. Good. Good. OK, daddy. Now, is that better? Compared to what? I ought to be watching the hawaiian sunrise over your mother, and here I am, sitting on your couch, about to watch "the price is right." Well, at least it comes on earlier here. Your father always wins the big showcase. Know the true value of things. That's the way the Johnsons were raised. ... now that we have your father settled, how would you like to be married on the balcony of a nice hotel room overlooking the ocean with just your father and me and Fritz's sister as witnesses? And then we could come back here for a big party afterwards? How do you always know? Well, this time, she had a spy. I just have one teeny, teeny request. I know this ceremony isn't supposed to be.... No, no, no, no, no, ma. I want to wear your dress. I promise, I would never pretend about something so important. That's good. Then it's settled. Brenda Leigh, your television's not working! I can't get it to come on. How come y'all have about a million remotes and not one of them works? You know, I have a feeling, now that these wedding plans are exactly the way you want them... It may just happen. You can count on it. Oh, there we go. There's nothing but snow. It looks like the Arctic! I think I see a dogsled in there. Can't you get it to turn on?! Clay, calm down right now or I'm gonna get it on c-span and leave you here all by yourself. Now, let me see. www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 