The Closer: Season 4, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s4e14 - Fate Line - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 4, Episode 14 - Fate Line - full transcript 
 With Brenda and Fritz's wedding now just one week away, Frtiz's sister Claire Howard comes to stay with them. She's a bundle of energy and a bit ditsy, informing Brenda she is a psychic or, as she prefers to call herself, and "intuitionist". With Fritz busy on a major drug case, Brenda offers to take Claire to work with her to keep her occupied. The Major Crimes squad has recently come into possession of a pay-as-you-go cellphone with increasingly threatening text messages. They have no idea who the individuals might be, but they can determine from the messages that one party had gotten the other to kill her husband. Once the deed was done, she stopped returning his messages. Claire thinks she can help them and tells them what she "sees" but while a skeptical Provenza thinks it's all nonsense, Mike Tao isn't so sure. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (SNEEZES) (PHONE BEEPS) I found a clue. To a murder. (SNEEZING) You guys handle murders, right? Uh-huh. So, what's this big clue? It's all on this disposable phone. Text messages. Let me see. (EXCLAIMS) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What is it worth to you? (FLYNN CHUCKLING) Are you nuts? I should arrest you right now for wasting our time. - What's your name again? - Sam Linsky. Look. Okay. I got, like, 20 hours of community service left. You guys are cops. You guys can make that go away, right? What was your offense? I threw a banana peel out of my car right in front of California Highway Patrol. So you littered is what you did. Well, I... A banana peel's biodegradable. And I was driving... I was driving a hybrid. This is a real crime. This is murder. Give me the phone, and I'll see what we can do. Excuse me. Okay. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's good. Check out those text messages. Pretty scary stuff. Shut up. They're talking about offing some dude, right? Am I right? Where did you find this? By the 110. I'm sorry. There's something out there that's really affecting my allergies. Oh, my God. (SNEEZING) I can't even make out the letters. Lieutenant, my future sister-in-law is on her way to my house right now, and I'm supposed to cook dinner. Are you sure this is important? My gut says yeah. (EXCLAIMS IN FRUSTRATION) Okay. Why are the words so tiny? Who are they texting to, mice? Look, come with me and we'll fix it so that we can all read it at the same time. (EXCLAIMS) Don't... GABRIEL: "I love you. "You love me. Can't we just run away together?" "After. We can be together forever. "And we'll have all the money for ourselves." "I miss your voice." "We can't use our own phones anymore. Bergman's/6, Vermillion/7, "Tai Pei/Murray /930." "Please don't let him come home and paw me." - GABRIEL: "I hate him." - "He has to die. Dead. Dead. Dead." Oh, yeah, sounds like our kind of girl, all right. Okay, Buzz, scroll down to the place that I showed you, please. - "It's done." - DANIELS: "Are you sure?" GABRIEL: "He's dead." DANIELS: "Are you okay?" GABRIEL: "It's my job. I'm fine. Looks like an accident. No one will know." "Call you soon." It's his job? Was she dating a hit man? And two days later. GABRIEL: "We have to meet. Need to see you." DANIELS: "Must be mourning. We can't talk." "Please." DANIELS: "Stay away. I'll text you when it's safe." Okay, and then two days after that? GABRIEL: "Where are you? Why didn't you say it would be like this?" She stops answering him. The rest are all in-coming. "You can't do this to me. Don't ignore me." "You used me." And... Wow! FLYNN: She used her boyfriend to kill her husband and then cut off communication. Now we know why she tossed the phone. All right, Lieutenant Tao, what do we know about these phone numbers? Well, both registered as pre-paid. But I'm trying to find out where they were sold. But there were no voice calls on either one. Just texts. Want me to call the other number, Chief? No, we can't alert the suspects. We don't even have a victim yet. (PHONE BEEPING) - It's dying. - What? The cell phone's losing its charge. For heaven's sakes. Let me see that. It's all right, Chief. The texts are still on the phone. And I typed it up, printing right now. - Here you go. - Thank you. And I also have... - No! - What? I left my bag of chargers at home. Did I? TAO: They gotta be here somewhere. So a week ago last Wednesday, she texted the words "Bergman's, Vermillion, Tai Pei," with numbers by them. Like times, maybe? A schedule? Bergman's could be the department store. Probably five of them in Los Angeles. Vermillion is a color, Chief, part of the red family. - It's a shade darker than persimmon. - Well, that's helpful. And Tai Pei is the capital of Taiwan. Well, it's also a great Chinese joint over on Ventura. But I think you're on to something here, chief. It sounds like the victim's itinerary. So Tai Pei and Murray could be a name on a reservation, or an employee. All right, Detective Daniels, please have the coroner's office compile a list of all the men who died in the county last week. Let's include Ventura, Riverside and Orange Counties, as well. Lieutenant Provenza, let's compare Wednesday night's reservations from that Chinese restaurant, Tai Pei, with the names of the dead people on Detective Daniels' list. Sergeant Gabriel, let's do the same with customers from Bergman's. And let's see if there's one name that comes up on all three lists. And Lieutenant Tao, I want to know everything I can about those cell phones, please. And Detective Sanchez, if you could find out what "Vermillion" might actually be... Oh, I'm so behind. Hey, honey. (IN Hl-PITCH) Sister, sister, sister, sister, sister, sister, sister, sister. (EXCLAIMING EXCITEDLY) Claire, Claire! Claire! Claire. Claire. That's my sister, Claire. You're going to break her. Relax, Fritzy. You know Howard women don't break so easily. Not a Howard woman just yet. Just one more week to go. And what a week it's going to be, because I am here to help you. Take a gander. I made a sprout salad. I have a vegetarian chicken pot pie. My self-award winning tofurkey. And for dessert, we have carob and walnut souffle. I hope you like vegan. Claire, you shouldn't have. I was going to cook. Oh, no, no, no. She insisted. And you weren't here. I'm sorry. I was delayed, and on the way home, I had to pick up a charger for a disposable phone. Sorry, let me just plug in this cell phone. I need it for my case. Must be pretty interesting. I see a lot of shadows around that phone. Very spooky. Would you like for me to hold it a moment? Why? Well, didn't I tell you, honey? Claire's decided she's a psychic. Really? I did not know that. Actually, it's not a decision, it's a gift. I've had it since I was a child. Remember the time I saved your life? I warned you not to step out of the tree house? Yeah, because you pulled the ladder away. Look, I don't want to fight. Anyway, I prefer the word "intuitionist." People hear the word "psychic" and they think "whack job." And what kind of dressing do you want on your sprout salad? I have red curry peppercorn and I have "organic goddess." (EXCLAIMING) Don't tell me! I know exactly what you want. (EXCLAIMS) - I'm gonna grab a scotch. - CLAIRE: No, honey. So you don't know the name of your victim yet? BRENDA: Not yet. CLAIRE: Okay. Well, nowadays, I mostly just read auras. As a matter of fact, I even started my own consulting company called Claire Voyance. Isn't that cute? Remind me to give you a card. But in addition to romantic and financial advice, I sometimes help local law enforcement agencies back in Jersey with murders and missing persons. Oh, thank you. How many cases have you solved? Well, mostly, I just give tips. But I think I've contributed to about 100 investigations. Hmm. I thought you had an exercise studio of some kind. Yeah, back in Princeton, called Bodily Movements. But I had to shut it down. I got caught in the middle of a power struggle in the yoga community. (CHUCKLING DERISIVELY) It's still pending. But I'm thinking about moving to Santa Fe. I'd be closer to you guys. Fun! I even offered to help Fritzy here with this "el jefe"case. But I think he's too embarrassed to have me around the office. That's not true. More tofurkey, anyone? No? That's okay, it keeps. Well, maybe you could help me with my murder case. Really? Brenda, that would be great. And you and I can get to know each other better. - Yes. - Yeah, that's terrific. - Honey, you want to help me clear? - Oh, sure. - Sit. You're our guest. - Great, thanks. - Oh, I'm so excited. - FRITZ: We'll be right back. Me, too. To think I've been solving cases the old fashioned way, when help was just a telepathic message away. Look. Before yoga, she tried glass blowing. And making her own soap. So the reason I didn't say anything about this psychic stuff was because I honestly thought it would just... You've been working so hard and things are slow for us. It's my turn to entertain the relatives. Claire might be a bit touched, but she seems perfectly harmless. She might enjoy coming in to my work and seeing what I do. What? No. No, no, no, no. I wouldn't let her anywhere near a murder case. Do you remember when the FBI sent 30 agents in to drain that lake in Virginia looking for anthrax? - That was her. - Oh! (CLAIRE SCREAMING) - What? What is the matter? - He's not done killing. What, do you have another vision? No, the phone's working, but he left a text message. Look. (CLAIRE READING) (PEOPLE WHISPERING) (EXCLAIMS IN SHOCK) For heaven's sakes. You scared me to death. Why is your whole squad here on a Saturday? (PANTING) Because killers work weekends, too, Will. And we got a cell phone yesterday. Yeah, I read Gabriel's report. An unidentified woman may or may not have talked her unidentified boyfriend into murdering her, yes, unidentified husband. Well, there are a few gaps. But we're working hard on finding out who these people are. - Or were. Anyway. - And even if this was a homicide, what's the big rush? It happened over a week ago. The killer sent a text message last night threatening to off his girlfriend. - Why? - Looks like she dumped him after he murdered her husband. So we're not just trying to solve a murder, Will, we're trying to prevent one. What are you doing here on a Saturday, anyway? Well, we have personnel issues. I've lost a lot of experienced people in CI and I need to find a replacement. It's gonna mean a promotion for somebody. Not from my team. I have limited places from which I can pull. So, yes, Brenda, maybe from Major Crimes. But I'm not prepared to talk about that just yet. Okay. All I want to make very clear now is that if you don't find a victim today, no more overtime. But who would you take from my division? You know what, let's deal with the future when it gets here, okay? Just try not to spend all day on this case, okay? Sister! Oh, I have good news. Lieutenant Provenza here showed me all the text messages and I was able to get an image of the killer's face. Yeah, while you were out, I called in a sketch artist. No, really. Oh. And then later, we're gonna make balloon animals. The victim, yes, I... I see... I see a river and a bridge and a nearby train. And a barking dog in the background. And an odd looking tree. A river, a train and a barking dog. Throw in a pick-up truck, we've got a country song. Excuse me for a minute, I'll be right back. BRENDA: Well, thank you so much, Claire. You be careful out there. - Chief. - Yes. I've never had a useful tip from a psychic, ever. She's not a psychic. She's an intuitionist. - And my future sister-in-law. - Oh, come on. Do you have any idea who's in danger of being murdered later on today? No? Well, then, let's keep moving, shall we? Where are we on these text messages that looked like a schedule? Bergman's, Vermillion, Tai Pei. There are nine Bergman's stores between Orange County and Ventura. The corporate office sent over a complete list of every credit card transaction from last Wednesday. Unfortunately, none of them matches up with the 23 male deaths in LA, or the surrounding counties on that day. (WHISTLING) - Lieutenant Provenza. - Yes, ma'am? - What do you know about Vermillion? - Oh, no. Still working on that. But yesterday after work, I did stop by Tai Pei for dinner. And Wednesday before last, there was a reservation for a guy, last name Murray. Table for two at 9:30. The manager says Murray waited half-an-hour, dined alone and paid cash. Lieutenant Tao, what do we know about those prepaid cell phones? TAO: The phones were purchased from the same convenience store 10 days ago. Also for cash. But the security camera tape was on a seven-day loop, so the footage is already gone. And the guy behind the counter doesn't remember who he sold the phones to. (EXCLAIMS) The first marriage was devoured by jealousy. The husband wanted his wife to stop working. He thought she was having an affair with a co-worker. She did have an affair with a colleague, but that was before... No. I see a sequoia! No, a tree. No. No, she had feelings for someone else. A man dangerous to her heart. Wait. I should be, like, recording this. Lieutenant Flynn, why don't you stop by the convenience store where those phones were bought and talk to the guy who sold them? - See if you can jog his memory. - Chief, you can't be serious. I mean, those people wouldn't remember a man who came in with an elephant to buy a quart of milk. Then why don't you take Claire with you? - CLAIRE: Yeah. - What? CLAIRE: If I could just hold the clerk's hand, I might be able to see the killer through his mind's eye. Sound good, Lieutenant? Sounds great, Chief. Come on, I'll give you a ride-along. Terrific. Just a second. Just let me see this for a second. (EXCLAIMS) Oh. - My phone chargers! - CLAIRE: Let me see. Yeah, no. Make him bald, completely bald. Yeah, good job, everyone. - See you later. - Thank you, bye. - Flynn. - What? - I've got a bad feeling about this. - Yeah. Me, too. Chief? Claire might be on to something. There's the literal and there's the abstract. Not everything in this universe is visible to the naked eye. She may be talking in images. - Yeah. Chief, Vermillion is a play. - Oh! It's a Gothic tale of love and witchcraft set on the Vermillion River in Louisiana. Runs in Westwood till the end of the month. They're faxing over a list of credit card orders, but it's a 99-seat Equity Waiver house, and the theater manager said everyone showed up. They turned away people on stand-by. - TAO: Chief! - Yes, Lieutenant, what is it? Vermillion's a river. Just like Claire said. For heaven's sake. So, assuming our victim is a real person, he made it to the play. Everybody showed up. So he was in Westwood. But never made it to Tai Pei. Lieutenant Provenza, what is the fastest way between the theater and the restaurant? Well, the 405, but only some poor tourist would take that. Locals would do Beverly Glen or Sepulveda. Why? Detective Daniels, please take a look at the list we got from the morgue and find me someone who died Wednesday before last between the theater at 7:00 and Tai Pei at 9:30. TAYLOR: The victim of the car accident was Shawn Thompson, a major horror film producer. And, yes, Chief, he is married. His wife's Christine Thompson. Traffic did a detailed investigation. Now, the vehicle, a 2008 Lexus Sedan drove right off the cliff from over there. The car was inspected, everything was fully functional. Except the airbags, they were turned off. - What's the interest? - Chief! (GASPS) - Look. - What is it, Lieutenant? A bridge. Just like Claire said we would find. - Who's Claire? - She's a psychic and she's... - You guys are consulting a psychic? - No, we're not. Excuse me. Lieutenant, were there any skid marks around this accident? Or signs of a collision? No. No, looks like he just lost control of the car. Was there a 911 call? Person reporting called from that pay phone over there. They didn't stick around to chat, though. No other witnesses came forward. Lieutenant, I want the 10 calls made before and after the 911 call, please. Let's see what else we have here. Yeah, the short form autopsy says Mr. Thompson's injuries were consistent with an auto accident. He wasn't wearing a seat belt. His blood alcohol came back.04. Where would he have had a drink? How about intermission at the play? Do you have to use that tone? It's just that the tone... Excuse me. Anything else, Commander? No, the only other thing I know is that Mr. Thompson's wife, Christine, took her husband's death pretty badly. She may be taking it worse than you know. Excuse me. (DOG BARKING) PROVENZA: Looks like Christine Thompson has it pretty good. BUZZ: If she's still alive. I don't know. Looks like we took a wrong turn in Transylvania. - PROVENZA: Buzz it again, Buzz. - I knew you were going to say that. (GATE INTERCOM BUZZES) Detective, do you think you can force open this gate? Well, don't have to, Chief. The lock's busted. There's a dog barking in the background. - Just like Claire said. - Oh, for heaven's sake. Yes, Lieutenant, it's uncanny. All right, everybody. Look, look, Chief, why don't you let me call in for a search warrant? No, I don't think there's time. I'm now officially acting on a tip. From who, a psychic? We have exigent circumstances. Christine Thompson's life was threatened. All right, Detective. The car's running in the garage. (PEOPLE COUGHING) (MEN EXCLAIMING) Relax, gentlemen. He's not armed. Yeah. No pulse. She's long gone, Chief. So her boyfriend threatens to kill her, so she commits suicide? How does that make sense? Will someone please call the paramedics? I want her taken out of here in an ambulance. - But, Chief, she's dead. - Well, then, you'd better hurry. - Oh, my God. - What? Chief, look. A train. The river, the bridge, the barking dogs. The train. Everything Claire said. It's all happening. (SCREAMING) (KNOCK ON DOOR) - Chief. - Yes, Lieutenant, I'll be right there. Just a word. I'm sorry. I don't know if you've noticed, but Gabriel and Daniels can hardly stand to be in the same room together anymore. I already issued an order for them to sort out their romantic problems. You are an excellent leader, Chief. But you can't just boss around the human heart. Lieutenant. I'm in the middle of a double homicide investigation. I don't want to talk about this right now. Well, I don't wanna talk about it, either, but... Look, Sanchez was gone for four months on a disability leave. And then? And then Gabriel took a week off for some training, and Daniels was off at some Homeland Security lab for two weeks. I mean, look, I may not be a psychic, but as an experienced civil servant, I can tell you this. The brass will not let you do with six people what you've proven you can do with five. Chief Pope told me this morning that he may have to promote someone from Major Crimes to the CI Division. Well, there it is, then. There it is. And I'm telling you, Chief, he could take Sanchez, or Tao, or even Flynn. And our problem would still be the same, and it's sitting right out there. - Let's talk about this tomorrow. - Chief. Oh! That's twice in one day. Speak of the devil. - What's that about? - Nothing. Nothing. What's up? I was at the morgue, checking on a murder for Harbor Division, and Dr. Morales complained that you had a "creepy lady" down there with Lieutenant Flynn, talking to a corpse. She's not a "creepy lady." Her name is Claire. She's my future sister-in-law. - She helped us find the victim. - Really. How? Claire did not help us find the victim. But she guided a sketch artist into a drawing of the killer, sir. Check it out. Okay. (CHUCKLES DERISIVELY) That's funny. So Fritz's sister is a psychic? No, she's an intuitionist. Okay. Hmm. Well, tell Claire that I have a good alibi for the suicide that you found today. Which brings me to the question I came here to ask... One second. Sergeant, did the... Sergeant Gabriel, did Christine Thompson's attempted suicide make it to the evening news? Top story. They're saying she's gonna make it. Okay, so exactly how dead does this woman have to be before we announce it? If the killer thinks that she's still alive, we can use that to our advantage when we catch him. May we just discuss the pros and cons of whether there is a murder here? Pro. Christine had a gash on her head, suggesting the killer knocked her out and threw her to the ground and started the engine. Con. She had second thoughts about suicide, tried to get out of the car, was overcome by fumes, fell, and hit her head. The lock on the front gate was broken, suggesting forced entry. But we don't know when the lock was broken and no prints. So, why kill yourself after you've gone through all the trouble to have your husband murdered? Clearly, there are many possible explanations. But we do have that cell phone that led us right to Shawn Thompson and his wife. And when we went to find out what was left of the car, we found a dress from Bergman's that he picked up for his wife last Wednesday at 6:00 p.m. So Mr. Thompson's schedule of the day he died was exactly what the text messages said it would be. We dumped a pay phone by the scene of the accident. When Mr. Thompson drove his car off the road, someone called for a cab. American USA Taxi. Yeah, Flynn stopped there on his way back from the morgue to talk to the cab driver. Oh, my God. You made the arrest. No, Claire, this is my boss, Assistant Chief Will Pope. Oh. I must have sensed you hovering around the case or something. Yeah, I do that sometimes. I hover. Excuse me. Well, Major Crimes seems to have had some very good hunches on this, but unless you're planning to hold a seance, the victims are not going to tell you how they died. So let's find some physical evidence, from, you know, our plane of existence. And wrap this up, all right? Goodnight, everybody. Pleasant dreams. (SIGHS) Skeptics. Some people just won't believe what they can't see. Like juries. Lieutenant Flynn, anything? Okay, well, I spoke to the cab driver and he said Wednesday night before last, he picked up a fare at the bus stop where Shawn Thompson's car went off the road. But all he could remember about the passenger was that he was a white guy, younger than me. - So we're back to nowhere. - TAO: Not exactly. Like Claire, I can also see the invisible. Give me a person's phones and I can draw you a picture of their entire life, maybe even tell you their destiny. And when I am done, we will have fulfilled Claire's prophecy. I dumped all the phones registered to Christine Thompson. I then created a list of most commonly used numbers in the past months leading up to her husband's death. This is her husband Shawn. They spoke a lot during the day. Over here, mother, Sherman Oaks. She had a sister in Connecticut. She spoke to her on a weekly basis. And then this number. A. Raber. The number first appears four months ago. Watch how the relationship develops. In the beginning, they speak once, every two or three days. Then, things heat up. They talk all the time, and then this. - What? - Nothing. They suddenly stop speaking. And on that exact same day, two prepaid cell phones are purchased from a convenience store. So they began texting before her husband's murder. Well, how does this fulfill my prophecy, exactly? We found the bridge, the river, the train, the barking dog. What could be more odd-Iooking than a phone tree? I did it! I really did it! This is exciting. Who's A. Raber? Don't you already know? SANCHEZ: His name is Andrew Raber. He's a stunt man for television and film. Andrew Raber. All right, his film credits include House of Death, Sorority Death House, Camp Murder One, Camp Murder Two. Yeah, and all those masterpieces were produced by the same guy, one Shawn Thompson. So Shawn knew Andrew. And based on her cell phone records, Christine knew him, too. We pulled Mr. Raber's highlight reel off his Web site. Go ahead, Buzz. BUZZ: I think you're gonna find this interesting, Chief. Buzz. Stop it there and roll it back. Play that last part again, please. All righty. Would you look at that? "It's my job," he said. Crashing vehicles and falling out of cars. And he does. Might as well have filmed the murder. But with no witnesses. I just can't believe this is our guy. How was I so thrown off? - It's not how I pictured him at all. - Not how I pictured him. Lieutenant Flynn. I need you to get the cab driver in here and the sketch artist, too. Okay. But who's she gonna draw? The killer. GABRIEL: So you're a stunt man. Right? - Yeah. - That's cool. What's the craziest stunt you've ever done? - Come on in. - Oh, hello. Hi. Why did you bring this Raber guy in on a Sunday, when you have nothing on him? Because he's already killed two people, and I don't like the idea of him running around on his own. And you can prove he's a killer? Well, I have a cab driver coming in, who... - Who saw nothing. And? - And I have a sketch artist who... Right. Who just drew a picture off the monitor. And? - And I have Christine Thompson. - Who is dead. Not completely. Technically, though, by the standards of the justice system and, you know, reality, dead. I have a plan, sir, and the sooner I execute it, the faster we'll all be able to get off the clock. So shall I? Thank you. Buzz, let me know as soon as the cab driver comes in. - Yes, ma'am. - Oh, no. No, no. You wait here. You're a Virgo, aren't you? Stay out of my head, lady. RABER: Yeah, well. Half the stuff you see in movies isn't real. GABRIEL: Right. And what about the other half? BRENDA: Andrew Raber. I'm Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson. Thank you so much for coming in. And how are you this morning? - A little annoyed. - Oh, really, why is that? You guys pull me out of my house, drag me downtown and read me my rights without an explanation. It's like Guantanamo Bay in this place. Look at those terrible scrapes on your hand. How'd you get those? I'm a stunt man. Get banged around a lot. I'm the guy you don't see in movies, part of the show biz magic. Well, speaking of show biz, we have a couple questions for you about a movie producer. A Mr. Shawn Thompson? I believe that you're a regular player in his horror films. As you may know, Mr. Thompson tragically died in a car accident last week. Yeah. It's pretty shocking. And just yesterday, it seemed that his wife, Christine, locked herself in her garage with her Bentley running. Almost died. Yeah, I saw something about that on the news. Is she okay? GABRIEL: Thanks to her barking dogs, a neighbor called 911. Saved her life. We're here. - We've got her in protective custody. - Protective custody. Why? Chief, the cab driver's arrived, and they're moving into position. Well, we have reason to believe that what happened to Christine was less attempted suicide and more of an attempted murder. Which is why we wanted to talk to you. To me? Why? Well, you were having an affair with Christine, weren't you? Are you kidding? (LAUGHING) Having an... No. Who told you that? I never... BRENDA: Hold on, hold on. Before you say something you're gonna have to take back later, let me show you what we have. Phone records. These show that you and Christine spoke several times a day for months. We... I met Christine on one of Shawn's films. She visited the set during one of the stunts. But I swear, it was just a friendship. - Ask him if he rides a motorcycle. - What are you doing? - I'm seeing a motorcycle. - Give that to me. CLAIRE: What? No. BUZZ: Let go! - I'm seeing an angry wind. - Let go. Brenda, this is important, ask about the angry wind. PROVENZA: Give me that! I am tired of farting around with you, lady. - Brenda... - Give me this microphone, right now. - PROVENZA: Claire... - No, no, no. No! I'm telling you, if you touch this microphone again, when the Chief comes out of there, you may be speaking to dead people in person. Now, you get. Do you recognize this disposable cell phone? Should I? Christine gave me that when we rescued her. She said you bought it for her and another one just like it. And that you used them to help her plan the murder of her husband. That's a lie. This phone texted Shawn's entire schedule the day of the accident. The department store, the play, the Chinese restaurant. But he never made it to the restaurant, did he? Because you drove his car off a cliff. - What? Hey, she... - Sit down. She's a lying bitch. I've never seen that phone before in my life. I've always been fascinated by movie stunts. Tell me, did you knock Shawn out and then point his car toward the cliff, then roll out at the last second? Or... Listen to me. I wasn't there. After you staged the accident, you used a payphone to call a taxi cab that picked you up at a bus stop down the street. Do you remember that cab driver? (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Because he remembers you. Hello, sir. Good to see you again. Thank you so much, Billy. Let's go. Was that him? I was just guessing. - We've been doing a lot of that lately. - Who's Billy? She meant you, Einstein. GABRIEL: In addition to the cab driver, we have other witnesses that saw you leaving the crime scene. - There were witnesses? - It was dark outside, you might not have seen them, but they saw you. And this is the picture that they helped our sketch artist draw. Notice the similarity? Your girlfriend's pretty upset you tried to kill her, Andrew. And afraid. She said she was just joking around when she talked to you about killing her husband. She was stunned that you actually did it. And even more surprised when you locked her in the garage with her car running. Oh, my God. Now, you listen to me. If you don't tell me what happened, I'm gonna have to go with Christine's version of the events. She'll walk, and you'll end up facing the death penalty. But if she solicited this murder and suggested that you and she would live on Shawn's money... I never gave a damn about Shawn's money. I only loved Christine. And I thought she loved me. She made all these promises to me, and then after I did it, what she asked me to do, she blew me off. She blew him off. Like an angry wind. She used me to get Shawn's money. Bitch! I thought she loved me. I need some proof if I'm going to charge Christine. (SIGHS) She bought him the tickets to Vermillion. And she gave me the other set of keys to his car. I was hiding in the back seat when he came out of the theater. He was alive when I did it. He screamed at me. "Why?" And I told him why. "Because Christine wants it this way." I should have put Harley and Davidson in the garage with her. It's your classic road bike. - BRENDA: Harley and Davidson? - Her stupid dogs. Oh. You... You believe me, don't you? Oh, yes. I think I do. - Then do me a favor, will you? - What's that? Tell Christine I'll see her in hell. Guess what? She's already there. CLAIRE: Sauteed corn mush, topped with nature's candy. There you go. So, you two off to catch the bad guys? Well, we might. We made a pretty good pair. Actually, I didn't help out all that much. But I have to say, watching your future wife at work made me think that maybe I should give up the consulting business and get into law enforcement full time. What's going on with this "el jefe"case? Setting up for the big take down as we speak. Not much left to do. Okay. Well, if you need me, you know, I'm ready... No, no, no, no. We're all set. Gotta keep yourself free for Brenda, here. Bye, sweetie. See you tonight. - Bye. - Bye. - Bye. - Bye. Watch out for left turns. - What? - Never mind. Just don't read anything out loud. Thanks, Claire. See you. I can see how crazy you are about my brother. I am. I really am. Hey, listen, I'm sorry about the mistake I made the other day. What's that? Remember the vision I had about the case? I said the victim was on her second marriage, and that her first marriage ended badly? Well, you can't be right about everything. Yeah, but I was really off. And I kept trying to figure out what it was. And then, I realized that I had my signals crossed. I wasn't talking about the murder, I was talking about you. - About me? - Yeah. You had an affair with an office co-worker, a bald office co-worker, which ended badly. So then you married your first husband on the rebound. And he was a jealous monster, and that ended poorly. So then you just got afraid and just tired of falling for the wrong guy, which is why you've been putting off marrying my brother. You're afraid. I have been afraid. Wait a minute. Did Fritz tell you about all that? No. Absolutely not. No way. - It was Lieutenant Flynn. - What? Yeah, we also talked about your candy drawer. - You didn't! - Yeah, but I got one, too. - Really? - We're exactly the same! We're going to get along just fine, God! Sister, sister, sister, sister, sister, sister, sister! English-SDH 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 