The Closer: Season 5, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s5e2 - Blood Money - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 5, Episode 2 - Blood Money - full transcript 
 Brenda and the team investigate the potential kidnapping of real estate developer Allan Summers, under investigation for fraud. With all of his assets frozen by the FBI, LAPD believes he may have staged his own kidnapping in an attempt to get access to his money. The chauffeur who met him at the airport, Mario Gomez, is also missing. When they find the limo, the seats are covered in blood but there is no body and no driver. Lt. Tao untangles that mystery while Sgt. Gabriel finds a key clue to the culprit. Meanwhile, Brenda's cat, Kitty, is seriously ill and requires extra special care. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The video was taken last night by our surveillance cameras at LAX. And the star of our little film is this man here... ...former real-estate mogul Allan Summers. Now, Mr. Summers has a lot of problems. For example, he's being investigated by the FBI... ...for fraud and embezzlement. Selling houses he didn't build... ...and building houses he couldn't connect to power or water supplies. Since this scheme was uncovered... ...it's had a fairly negative effect on Summers' finances. In addition to spending a fortune keeping himself out of jail... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...he was forced to abandon his latest residential real-estate development. And since his company went belly-up... ...his partners are taking him to court... ...and his employees are suing him for their lost pensions. Now, just when it seemed like things could not get worse... ...Mr. Summers flew into LAX from Sacramento last night... ...was met at Arrivals by a driver from his usual car service. And somewhere between the airport and his home... ...both Mr. Summers and the chauffeur completely disappeared. Stop, Buzz. Can you zoom in on that card, please? So Allan Summers and his driver have only been gone for 12 hours... ...not even long enough to generate a missing-persons report. So why are we here? At 8:00 this morning, Summers' wife and son went to the bank... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...and told the manager that he was being held for ransom. $1,190,476.19, to be exact. Right. Which no one could give them. Summers' assets have been frozen by the FBI. The son then told the manager... ...the kidnapper had promised to kill Summers if the police were notified, so... The bank manager called our Fraud section. And fraud called in Detective Mikki Mendoza here... ...to put together this airport footage in an attempt to verify Mrs. Summers' story. So Allan Summers is the target of both an FBI investigation... ...and a multimillion-dollar lawsuit, and suddenly he goes missing? Isn't it more likely he just skipped town? But you haven't even finished watching the video, ma'am. Excuse me. One second. Uh, have we spoken to the Summers' family yet? Look, Chief Johnson, if Mrs. Summers' story is true... ...then her husband could be in imminent danger. And let's not forget about the driver, and... Is that your cat? Yes. Sorry. Um... She either has to be with me or at the vet. - What's her name? Kitty. She's sick today. I need to give her a shot. So, uh, there's more video? - Buzz. Hold on. Yes, I have some footage from the exit of the short-term parking lot. One second. Okay, that's it. You see, that's the vehicle registered to the car service Summers hired. Allan Summers was met by a chauffeur, but he drove himself away from the airport. That's hardly ever a good thing. It doesn't prove that Summers was kidnapped. The whole thing could have been staged. And where's the driver? Speaking of whom, Detective Sanchez? Mario Gomez. DMV says he's 50 years old. No criminal record. Thank you. Oh, yeah, uh, Detective Mikki Mendoza, this is Detective Sanchez. And this is Lieutenant Tao. And you've already met Kitty. And thank you, lieutenant. Sergeant David Gabriel. Hi. Uh, Chief, according to the driver's boss... ...Gomez has been working for the car service for about six months. This was the first time he was assigned to pick Mr. Summers up. He didn't return his car and he's not answering his cell phone. So both Mr. Summers and his driver are still missing. If this is a genuine kidnapping... ...then Mr. Gomez, the driver, must be involved. But is he the suspect or the victim? Good morning, everyone. Heh, heh. Morning? Lieutenant Provenza, it's 12:30 p.m. Well, my apologies. I assure you it couldn't be helped. Ha, ha. Hey, hello, Mikki. You staying out of trouble, sweetie pie? - Better than you are, sir. - Attagirl. Okay, kiddos, what'd I miss? Lieutenant. Yeah. Uh, okay. This crooked real-estate guy, Allan Summers... ...was picked up at LAX last night in a town car... ...and no one has seen him since. Summers is being investigated for fraud by the FBI... ...so he could have just run away. But, uh, his family seems to think that he was kidnapped. They want access to his frozen bank accounts... ...so they can pay this weird ransom. On the other hand, they could be faking the whole thing. It's very confusing. Huh. So where's the chauffeur? At the moment, we can't find Mr. Gomez or his car. Uh, chief, I got, uh, Gomez's home address from his boss. Also, the name of one of his regular fares, a Katherine Ortega. He's been picking her up for five months. She was the one who phoned when he didn't show today. Thank you, sergeant. And, Detective Mendoza, I'm assuming y'all put out this missing car's plates? We did. No one's seen it yet. The kidnapper would have gotten rid of the car pretty quickly. Probably somewhere near the airport. Lieutenant Provenza, I really need that car... ...and you seem to be awfully frisky this afternoon. Well, yes, I am. And, chief, this is perfect weather to organize a grid search for a town car. And I could really go for a nice long walk around LAX. It'd be good for me. Okay, do we have a Breathalyzer up here? Uh, thank you. A grid search would be very helpful. You got it. Uh, Lieutenant Tao, I assume we have the driver's cell number. Hmm, I'll try pinging it. Maybe I can triangulate his position. Thank you. Chief Pope, I think now is a good time to bring the family in... No. No way. You are to stay arm's length from the family. If this turns out to be another one of Allan Summers' frauds... ...his wife and son could be involved. And if it's not, you could wind up getting Summers killed. Look for the driver, but we have to assume this is a legitimate kidnapping. If I can't interview potential suspects... ...and given that this kidnapping is partially a financial crime... ...can we agree that I need a forensic accountant... ...to go over the Summers' finances? Chief. I think I could follow the Summers' money trail... ...if the FBI would just share their files with me. All right, sergeant. Do the best you can. And, Detective Mendoza, since y'all are so thorough... ...some of your people can keep an eye on missing chauffeur's residence... ...in case he shows up. We'd be more than happy to help in any way we can. Come on, Tao. I'll drive. - Chief. - Yes? Provenza is wearing a brand-new tie. It's brand-new. Something to investigate later. In the meantime, if you and Detective Sanchez here... ...could help Detective Mendoza? And, sergeant, have you located our missing chauffeur's regular fare yet? You just told me to have the FBI help with the money trail. What would you prefer, me to contact Katherine Ortega or the FBI? What's the matter? You can't do two things at once? Two things at once. Hi, Ms. Ortega. Sergeant Gabriel from the L.A.P.D. I was calling regarding Mr. Gomez. So Mario's still missing? Well, here's the good news, Ms. Ortega: You know Mario, so you can help us in our search. Mario was driving you to work every night... ...and picking you up in the morning, is that right? Goodness. What kind of job keeps you out all night? Oh, data entry at a law firm. It's not very exciting. Data entry, huh? - So y'all didn't talk too much about work? - No, ha, ha. No. Did Mario mention any family members, a wife or a girlfriend, maybe? No. He was married, but, uh, his wife died last year. Of cancer, I think. Um, I think that's why he's a driver now. He needed to quit his job, um, be her nurse. She needed 24-hour care. They didn't have insurance. And after his wife passed away, he couldn't get his old job back... ...so that's why he came to L.A. So you said that Mario came to L.A. From where? Um... Look, you're my only link to Mario Gomez. If you're not straight with me, and I mean right now... ...I might never find him. Every second you delay could be risking his life. Okay. He was an illegal. I hate that word, but he was an illegal. He thought someone had been following him home to his apartment every night. I begged him to call the police. He said he didn't wanna go back to Mexico. Look, I should have called you myself. Mario begged me not to. Mario Gomez's social security number belongs to a guy who died two years ago. - The girl's right, he's probably an illegal. A lot of police here. Judge might wonder why we need this many for a welfare check. I'll say it's because I'm concerned about Mario's welfare. And I am. Detective. - Never mind. I'll just pick the lock. - Step aside. No! Oh! Detective Mendoza, you are jumping the gun. Front's clear. Checking the back. I only needed a second. There's no pictures of his wife. There's nothing personal here at all. When you sneak across the border, you don't get to bring a moving van, chief. Looks like he was planning on being home after his airport run. Chief. Bedroom's clear. Found some fresh blood on this towel from the bathroom. Maybe he cut himself shaving? Well, that was kind of him. Let's have SID check it for DNA and blood type. I wonder if Gomez knew who was after him. Yes, Lieutenant Provenza? Found it 90 minutes in. The driver's cell phone was thrown under the car. This isn't pretty, chief. How did this happen? No casings anywhere. This close, it was probably a knife. Or a hatchet. No one loses this much blood and lives. No one. Where's the body? Or bodies? How did they disappear without leaving a trail? Who died? Lieutenant Tao, I need you to examine this blood spatter. Let's find out exactly what happened here. Well, one thing's for sure, it's not just a kidnapping anymore. No. Now it's a murder. There, there, Kitty. I'll just put you right here. Okay, Kitty. Please don't move. I'll try not to hurt you this time. I promise. Okay? Uh, oops! - I'll come back. - Oh, no. Will, come in. Come in. You can help me. Uh... Okay. Thanks. Um... He doesn't like it, but he won't scratch. Good. - You do all this every day? - Twice. Um, Kitty's kidneys haven't been doing too well, so, uh... ...the, uh, vet has her on fluids and this experimental-drug therapy. So Kitty has to get shots twice a day. He can't be left alone. Um... Ahem, on the, uh, Summers case, we seem to have blood but no body... ...a car but no driver, and a ransom but no money to pay it. Is there any chance you've figured out who murdered whom? Well, uh, according to Mario's regular fare, Mario was afraid for his life. And we typed the blood in the town car to the blood on the towel in his apartment. - Both O-negative. - Universal victim. But, uh, so... So the blood could also belong... ...to Allan Summers. And in order to, um, check it against his medical records... ...I need to contact the family. - We cannot directly contact the family. - Oh. Look, this kidnapper, whoever he is... ...has made it clear that he has no problem killing people. So I'm tending to take his threats seriously. But in order to rule the family out completely as suspects... You may not bring the Summers in. You may not go to them. No contact by phone or e-mail. Now, unless you can find some other way to talk to them, that is off the table. There, there, Kitty. There, there. I need to understand the Summers' finances. The amount of the ransom is so ridiculous that it must mean something. I just don't think that Sergeant Gabriel is up to the task of figuring that out. But as far as the forensic accounting you're looking for... ...the FBI must already have that. Do you think Fritz could get a copy of those files to Sergeant Gabriel? Fritz and I have decided... ...we're keeping our personal and professional life separate. Because the FBI hates me so much. Well, there's still one or two people at the Bureau that'll still return my calls, so... I'll just... I'll take care of that. I'll see if I can finesse that for us. Thank you, Will. Oh, hey. - Hey, Fritz. How are things? Good. - You? - Uh, good, good. I'm just helping with Kitty. - Well, thanks for that. - Sure. Uh, all right. Good to see you. And I'll get back to you. - Hey. - Hey. How's the patient? Kitty looks good today. A little more energy. You think? I'm gonna get her on home. You're gonna be here a while, I take it. Yes. I need to contact the family without contacting them... ...and interview them without interviewing them. That kind of thing. I can tell you the FBI is feeling stupid right now. We have taps on all of Summers' phones and we were monitoring his credit cards. And to have him kidnapped like this is bad, awful, horrible, and crappy for us. We're thrilled not to be officially involved... ...but if we can help you behind the scenes... No. I don't want you talking with the FBI on my behalf. - We decided. - All right. All right. Bye, Kitty. Bye-bye. Bye. I mean, what would they say, anyway, behind the scenes? Hmm... Well, they would probably say... ...give the family the money for the ransom. In fact, if you could get proof of life on Summers... ...the FBI would unfreeze his accounts. Then you could put tracer bills in the cash that the Summers withdraw... ...follow the transmitters, let the ransom lead you to kidnappers... ...or to Summers himself, if this is another one of his frauds. Best thing about all of that, since you'd be running the case... ...is you keep total control over the money. So I'd be like a bank. Remember to eat. Bye. Bye, Kitty. Bye-bye. Chief, Mrs. Summers and her son are coming into the bank. Excuse me. I'm Mary Summers and this is my son, Adam. Mr. Elkins called to say that you were the person to see about our problem. Yes, ma'am. Have a seat, Mrs. Summers. We just need to clarify a few issues before we execute the transaction. Anything. Um, this is the man who picked your husband up from the airport. His name is Mario Gomez, works for a car service. - You ever seen him before? What? - Why would we know the chauffeurs? - Oh, God. Don't "Oh, God" me, Adam. We're grateful for your help, but we have a deadline. Why does the bank care about who was driving? Well, unfortunately, Mrs. Summers, your assets have been frozen by the FBI. They just won't release them because we ask them to. Listen to me. There's over $5 million in that account. That's all the money Allan and I have left in the world. There's no place else to go for this ransom. You have to release the funds. You just said you would. Please. Here's the problem, Mrs. Summers. Your husband has been involved in some dodgy business ventures of late. He might be faking this kidnapping in order to get money from the bank. What? Who are you to make these accusations? Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson of L.A.P.D. This is Sergeant David Gabriel. Now wait a minute, wait a minute. We were told "no police." - That's no longer possible. - They'll kill him. Which is why, before we pay the ransom... ...we have to make sure that your husband is still alive. And we need your help with that. How? What can we do? Oh, for starters, what's your father's blood type? It's A-positive, same as me. That's good for your father. That's not so good for Mr. Gomez. - Who? - The driver. The guy who picked up Dad. The death of a chauffeur may be beneath your notice, Mrs. Summers... ...but it's not beneath mine. Apparently, Mr. Gomez was murdered during the abduction of your husband. And a criminal who kills once will most likely do it again. You mentioned a deadline? The kidnapper's calling us back at 8:00 tonight. Once he knows we can get the money, he'll give us more instructions. Mrs. Summers... ...your husband has been under a lot of pressure lately... ...with investigations and lawsuits. Is it possible he just ran away? I can't believe he would leave us like that. We couldn't believe it when he sold homes to people... ...without securing water rights. - Stop it. Lost everything his partners gave him, the employee pension fund... ...our whole company. That sounds like he'd have a lot of people to run away from. A million dollars would give him... Wouldn't begin to cover what my father would want to start a new life. In fact, it's the relatively small amount of the ransom... ...that makes me believe that my father is in a life-threatening situation. So we're back to the original question. What do you need from us? When the kidnapper calls tonight... ...I want you to ask him to put your father on the phone. And with your permission, we'll be listening in. Once we have proof of life, the FBI will unfreeze your money. You can pick it up here in the morning. And then what? I'll try to make sure your husband doesn't end up like Mario Gomez. Ms. Johnson, I suppose we have no choice but to do what you ask... ...even though you have done nothing but frighten us and insult us. - Lf anything happens to my husband... - Thank you so much for your cooperation. And you can go to hell. Okay, Sanchez is posted with Mendoza and SIS. They're sitting on the Summers house. We're also linked into the tap of their home phones over here. - Sergeant Gabriel, are you ready? I am. The FBI, who I have on hold right now... ...gave me a direct line into Summers' account and his password. The moment we have proof of life, they'll unfreeze the account. There's over $5 million here. And the kidnappers only want a little over 1 million. If Summers was behind this, don't you think he'd take it all? Maybe he wanted to leave something behind, for his wife. You haven't met her. You haven't met her. - Watch every penny, sergeant. - I am. Check it out, chief. Electronic tracers buried inside. They look real, huh? Throw these in a stack of bills, they'll lead us right to the bad guy. So the Summers withdraw the cash tomorrow from the bank... ...and then we follow the money until we find our victim. The Summers' phone is ringing. Eight o'clock on the dot. Hello? Do you have the money? I need to speak to my husband. Do you have the money? Did you get access to the account? I have to know Allan's okay first. Hold on. Mary? Mary, are you there? Oh, Allan. Oh, God. Are you all right? Darling, I'm fine. Oh, Allan. Mary, everything's gonna be okay. We worked out a very good way of handling this. Follow this man's instructions and I'll be home tomorrow night. I love you. I love Adam. I love you both so much. Wait, Allan. - All right, proof of life. Yes, sir. Thank you. Okay, I am unfreezing the account. I want the money in two heavy-duty garbage bags... ... noon tomorrow. Drop the bags in the trash can on the corner of 5th and Grand. Come alone. No cops. - Do not bring your cell phone. Understand? Yes. If you fail to follow these instructions... ... your husband ends up like the guy who picked him up from the airport. Ugh. The call's untraceable, chief. Okay, um, we need to notify Mario Gomez's next of kin. Probably in Mexico somewhere. We don't even know if that's his real name. Could you get on that, please? - Chief, Mrs. Summers is on the phone. - Uh, one second. Commander, uh, let's have SIS continue watching the Summers... ...and put some extra units on tomorrow's drop. - Call Detective Sanchez... - Oh, no, no... Come on. - What is it, sergeant? - The Summers' money, it's gone. - What do you mean? Just this second. I turned back to listen to you. When I looked back down... ...the balance had gone down by... - How much? Hold on. Checking. - $1,190,476. - And 19 cents. Chief, I am so sorry. Well, it's not as bad as it looks. What are you talking about? The driver is dead. The kidnapper tricked us into giving him the ransom. Or worse yet, Summers planned this whole thing... ...and we helped him steal over $1 million. The FBI's gonna be upset when I ask them to find where this money went. That's if they ever actually answer the phone. It's the FBI's fault. They were supposed to be keeping tabs on Summers. They gave us permission to unfreeze the account. Come in. - Ah. - Yes, what is it, sergeant? I, uh, ahem, I traced the bank transfer and I found out where Summers' money is going. - Did you get a name? - Of a country. - The ransom's off to the Cayman Islands. - Oh! From there, it can be sent anywhere without being traced. Great. But the good news here... ...is that the money won't be credited to the Cayman Islands' account until 7 a.m. So we still have a few hours to figure this thing out. Did FBI give you a copy of the Summers fraud investigation yet? - No. - Well, they need to hurry those files along. I wanna understand the amount of ransom. It can't be random. It must mean something. Sergeant. Here. Congratulations. You're now officially on hold with the FBI. Good luck getting them to hurry. Look, I just wanna say that I'm, uh, really sorry about losing the money. Maybe Detective Daniels could have done a better job. I don't know about that. It was a protected account. Allan Summers was the only other person... ...besides the bank and the FBI to even have that password. Summers knows a great deal about finance. Maybe, but he doesn't know the first thing about blood spatter. - Lieutenant Tao? Behind the murder board, chief. I figured out what happened in Gomez's town car. Is this my desk? The driver's throat was slashed here, spurting arterial blood. Then the victim leapt over these two rows to here. He then flew over the headrest... ...and shot himself in the head with a vanishing bullet. You're saying the crime scene was staged? The blood couldn't have come from any series of wounds. And there are no smear marks anywhere inside the car. And the body wasn't dragged out of it. No blood outside the car, not one drop. So, what do you think happened? My opinion, the blood was brought to the car in a container... ...and splashed inside. Though where anybody got this much of it at once is beyond me. Mario's regular fare said... ...that when Mario's wife got sick, he became her nurse. And nurses know how to draw blood. But this would have taken a lot of elaborate planning, chief. Mario Gomez would have to know... ...he needed this much blood weeks before the kidnapping. And he also would had to have known Allan Summers. Okay, stop, Buzz. Play it back from when we first see Allan Summers. - And slow it down this time. - Oh, sure. Okay, freeze it. You see that, lieutenant? The other drivers are holding up name cards... ...before the passengers come out. But Mario doesn't lift his until he sees Allan Summers. But according to his boss, Mario never drove Allan Summers before. Summers didn't know Mario, but Mario certainly knew him. - So it's not a murder anymore. - No. Now it's a kidnapping, again. So this illegal immigrant took a job as a driver... ...then kidnapped Allan Summers first chance he got... ...then staged his own death? After which, he executed an international money-laundering scheme. It's the amount of the ransom that makes no sense. If I understood that... Chief, I got the FBI's case file on Allan Summers. - Oh, finally. - Finally. And I've been doing a little math. Now, Summers' employees were suing him for $300 million. Subtract $100 million that they agreed to pay their attorneys if they won. - Lawyers. - And that leaves us with $200 million. Now, there were 168 litigants. If they won their case, each employee would have received a payoff of... ...$1,190,476.19. Maybe somebody didn't trust the courts. Excellent work, sergeant. Do you have the names and addresses of these employees? Everyone who's worked for Summers' properties. We only have hours to find the victim. Look through your file. Find me a Latino man... ...who knows about money, might have lost his wife... ...and who looks like this. Mario Gomez is actually Mario Vargas, born and raised in Los Angeles. Spent the last 20 years as a risk analyst for Allan Summers' company. He lost everything in the collapse. His house here is being repossessed. If this is Vargas' real house, what about the apartment? All part of the fake identity he established. The driver's license he bought, the extra cell phone he dumped at the town car. Like pretending to be an illegal afraid for his life... ...with the girl he drove back and forth to work. Vargas does all that so he can get a job as a driver and kidnap Summers? His wife apparently died of cancer recently. Maybe he was looking for someone to blame. Nice tie you got there. Really? Well, ha, ha... ...thanks. Yeah, thanks. Uh, what are you looking for? Vargas has 15 photographs of this house in his kitchen. Yeah? Hmm. Looks, uh, looks new. - No address? - No. Trying to find something that might tell us where it is. Well, good. What's with you? Uh, haven't slept in two days. Back is sore. My neck is stiff. I hurt in places I forgot I had. - You're seeing someone. - What? - Admit it. You're dating. - Mind your own business, huh. Why don't you go find out where this house is... ...while I catch my second wind? And stop staring at my tie. So we mobilize the entire L.A.P.D. To find Summers... ...pick up this Vargas guy, and neither one of them is here. Vargas is coming back. Mendoza has eight SIS vehicles on the lookout for his car. How do we know for sure he's coming back? The Cayman Islands' account probably posted the ransom an hour ago. - Where's he headed? - Mexico City. And then someplace without an extradition treaty, I imagine. Chief. In taking care of his wife... ...Mr. Vargas probably became quite proficient with a hypodermic. You do get better as you go along. He could have been drawing his own blood for months. Saving up enough to throw around inside that car. Subject vehicle is coming around the exit point now. Chief, I found a current cell-phone bill for Mario Vargas. I have Mikki on the line. SIS made Vargas' car. It's coming this way. No passenger onboard. If Vargas drives up now and sees us here, he's not gonna stop. - Tell Mikki we're going with Plan B. - Plan B? Yes. Mikki, go with Plan B. I repeat, go with Plan B. Hello? - Mario Vargas? - Yeah. Who's this? This is deputy chief Brenda Leigh Johnson of the L.A.P.D. We were hoping you could come to Parker Center today... ...our headquarters downtown... ...and help us with a little problem we're having. And what problem is that? I understand you used to work for Allan Summers. Yeah, a year ago. His company went bankrupt. We may have found where Mr. Summers was storing a whole bunch of extra cash. We were hoping that you and his other employees... ...could help us find it. I wouldn't be much use in that regard. I only analyzed the data as Mr. Summers sent it down to our department. And it was all lies. I really had no idea what he was doing. If it's more convenient, I could stop by your place, save you the trip. Or, if you have a minute now, we could chat on the phone. Now is not a good time for me, I'm driving. There's really nothing I can do for you. All right, then, sir. Sorry to bother you. I just have one more teeny-tiny question before I let you go. Okay. What's the question? Sir, are you wearing a seat belt? What? - Wow! - Get out of the car. Now. Now. Hands where I can see them. Nice work, Detective Mendoza. Mario Vargas, I'm deputy chief Brenda Leigh Johnson of the L.A.P.D. And at the risk of stating the obvious, sir, you are under arrest. I'll take it from here. Suspect in custody, Code 4. Nice work, everyone. Returning to base. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney and to have one present during questioning. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided to you by the state. Have you heard and understood your rights? Yes. Do you want a lawyer? For what? All right, well, I'm in a terrible hurry. All you have left to do is tell me where to find Allan Summers. Why? Is he missing? Sir, we are way beyond the "I don't know what you're talking about" phase. I know exactly what you did and exactly how you did it. We will eventually find the computer used to transfer the money... ...which will connect you to the bank in the Caymans. You don't know much about the Cayman Islands, do you, son? Sir, the name of the game here is "leniency"... ...which I will do my very best to arrange if you tell me right now... ...where to find Allan Summers. Okay, I'll tell you about Allan Summers. He took a lot of money that belonged to other people... ...and what he didn't spend, he lost. He destroyed thousands of lives and then just walked away. Mr. Vargas, you were your company's risk analyst. What are you saying, you didn't know what Summers was up to? That sounds a lot like my last job interview and the one before that. Summers was a swindler pretending to be a businessman. He stole $600 million from people who trusted him. And what did you do about that? I'll tell you: Nothing. You never do anything about people like Allan Summers. You mean people who commit crimes for money? Sounds a lot like you, because from where I'm sitting... ...you're nothing but a methodical bank robber pretending to be a chauffeur. - You're worse than Allan Summers. - Worse than...? - Well, you're the violent one. - I'm violent? He killed my wife. Oh, come on. Allan Summers didn't even know you, much less your wife. How did he kill her? When we lost our jobs, we lost our healthcare. My wife got pancreatic cancer. So your insurance company killed your wife. I wouldn't have lost my insurance... ...if Allan Summers were a decent human being. Even if he had been a more decent businessman. I watched as my wife lay suffering and blamed herself. You wanna know what she did? To save me our last $5000, she killed herself, okay? She shot herself in the head... ...because she was too expensive to take care of anymore. She died while she still had a chance to recover. But what did she have to live for? He took everything. Everything. So you arrest me... ...and Allan Summers you want to rescue. How's that fair? I don't work for the fairness system, sir. Allan Summers has done terrible things. If you tell me where he is... ...I promise to do my best to get justice for what he took from you. And how's my wife gonna get that? Justice? How do you suppose Allan Summers could settle accounts with her? And is this what your wife would have wanted you to do? Take the man who caused all her suffering... ...and yours and the suffering of thousands of others... ...and transform him from a criminal into a victim? Because the longer it takes for us to find Allan Summers... ...the more sympathetic he becomes. Is that what you want? Okay. You wanna know where Allan Summers is? Fine, I'll tell you. He's in a hell of his own making. Right. Thank you. Sergeant Gabriel. - This has to be the place. - For once, I'm happy to be renting. "Hell of his own making." Get us inside, please. Bathroom clear. Found him. Okay, Mr. Vargas. Okay. Now it's a murder. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 