The Closer: Season 4, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Closer 
 s4e12 - Junk in the Trunk - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Closer (2005–2012): Season 4, Episode 12 - Junk in the Trunk - full transcript 
 Brenda's personal day is ruined when the body of an obese jewel thief is found in the trunk of his car, without the diamonds he stole. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Synchro: Kiry, ShalimarFox So, this is the car that robbery/homicide's been looking for. Parking enforcement called it in. They were ticketing it for street cleaning when it came back flagged. Phil Adams, age 38. He's the former manager of Los Angeles diamond broker. Well, there are the keys, but where is the body? You ready for this? Now, there's something you don't see every day. How did he get in there? Forget that. How are we gonna get him out? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It says here that Adams... he supposed to weigh over 300 pounds. So this is definitely the guy. What guy? He stole about $3 million worth of diamonds from the safe in the jewelry store he managed, all of it caught on film. Yeah, with a big, wide lens. There's video all over the news. How do you not know this? Que cabr?nes son ustedes. Is he all right? Excuse me. Lieutenant... detective Sanchez is supposed to be on light duty. Did you clear him{/being here with the chief}? "Light duty" is loosely defined. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The chief's taking a personal day, I'm the ranking officer, and I say he's just fine... Sergeant. The body is bloated, decomposing, and highly unstable. We should tow him back to the morgue and cut the car around him. - Otherwise, he might... - pop like a zit? What? Now all of a sudden, you guys have gotten all sensitive? Come on. Hey, hey, wait! - Who you calling?! - The chief. - Sanchez is not here. - Yeah, I know. I know. Hey, chief. Yeah, we just found a big, big round peg in a small square hole. - What are you talking about Lieutenant? - Phil Adams. He's dead and as big as he looks on the news, he's even bigger in person. Phil Adams? Did you recover the diamonds? So much for the personal day. Hang on, would you? I'm not going anywhere, Ma. I just need to keep informed. - Go on, Lieutenant. - Okay, well, look, there were no diamonds in the car, as far as we know, but we haven't been able to search it properly. - Why not? - Mr. Adams is in the trunk, and he has been for days. So we'd have to pull him apart to pull him out. He could turn to mush any minute. How did he end up in the trunk in the first place? Was he dead when he was put there? Well, not unless there were like, five murderers... or they had a forklift. Look, we're gonna tow the car to the morgue. We'll know more then. Brenda Leigh, did you use water or milk to make my oatmeal? Excuse me, Lieutenant. It's just water, daddy. Anyway, we have to be really, really careful with the body 'cause it's about to explode. It smells like it was made with milk. Daddy, I'm on the phone. Clay, eat your breakfast and be quiet. These straps aren't right, and your clevis is in the wrong place! Lieutenant, who's that yelling? Hey! You telling me I don't know how to do my job?! No, I wasn't, but now that you mention it, you don't! - Lieutenant, is that det. Sanchez? - What? No, no. Of course not, Chief. No. Did the coroner suggest how Mr. Adams might have died? Yeah, he said it was... could be positional asphyxiation. But you can't tell for sure because there's so much of this guy you can't see. He's like an iceberg. He could have died from some bullet wound to the chest that never found an exit, or... - Or... - get out of the way! Or what, lieutenant? - Move! - Stop! Or... he could also have died from some bizarre traffic accident. Traffic accident? Or maybe... an electrical fire. Chief, you know, I'm gonna have to call you back. Did you put butter or margarine in this? That's why we call it the chop shop! Yes! Yuck! Terrence! Yuck. Other than the soup of the day, what are we looking for in the trunk? Diamonds, computers, signs of a struggle, weapons of mass destruction, Jimmy Hoffa, anything. Would you settle for a... knock-off Hermes bag? It matches your eyes. Sgt Gabriel, would you please have that luggage x-rayed? We may have a murder here, but we're also looking for $3 million in stolen diamonds. Well, maybe Terrence should hose it off a lot first... you know... hose it. Can you at least give me a positive I.D.? - If we could find his mouth. - I can get dental records, but... so much has gone wrong here. He's been dead for days in the trunk of a car, and his face exploded in the crash, and his skin... yuck, is stuck to his clothes, and... okay, you know what? I've seen enough. - This is a mess. - What about cause of death? Due to circumstances beyond my control, you'll have to tell me. Maybe he choked to death on four triple burgers, extra cheese, six orders of fries, and a diet coke. Thank you. That receipt's from Friday night. - Oceanside? - That's just north of San Diego. Looks like he paid with a credit card. - Are you thinking what I'm thinking? - Why the diet coke? We cut back where we can. Two hours after closing last Friday, Phil Adams disables the store's alarm system and clears out the diamond safe of cut and uncut diamonds. He dumps the diamonds in his briefcase. Which is nowhere to be found. And he heads out. Took him all of four minutes. Didn't he know about the security camera? The guy just didn't care. - Which means he's either stupid... - Or he was coerced. I thought that he had a plan that was foolproof. Next morning, his wife calls in a missing-persons report. Security video from the burger-rama down in Oceanside. They were able to e-mail me the footage, two cameras... but the file was in a high-res format. So in order to put it on that DVD, Lieutenant, thank you. I... thank you. Anyway, I got the name off the credit card. - Sherry Adams. - The victim's wife! If she called in a missing-persons, what is she doing buying her husband dinner in Oceanside? Maybe she didn't know he had her credit card. There's his car. But how do we know who's driving? I think the way it's listing to the port side is a major clue. - You said there was another camera. - Yes, here comes the other angle. Hold it. Who's that guy sitting next to him? I'm guessing it's not his wife. - Good morning. - Morning. - Dreaming about diamonds? - More about how they disappeared, and how a man the size of Mr. Adams wound up in the trunk of his own car. And there's a mystery man in the shadows, but given Mr. Adams' size, he's more of an eclipse. - I mean it, Clay. - No, Willie Ray, I will not! Oh, for heaven sakes. Daddy, what is going on in here? Your mother wants me to take a walk, but I'm supposed to avoid direct sunlight... carcinoma. Daddy, you're not gonna catch skin cancer walking around the block. I bought this sunscreen for our trip to Hawaii. Do we know how this is gonna interact with my new medication? You better start worrying about how I'm gonna interact with your new medication. Here. Come on. Out, out, out. My father almost died a week ago, so is it horrible for me to wish he was on a cruise right now? - Yes. - I'm horrible. You know he's gonna postpone the cruise until after the wedding. - Three more weeks? - Yes. - Staying here? - Yes. It's a huge problem. Not quite as huge as Phil Adams, but... You know what's really beginning to bother me{/ about all this}? - What? - The fat jokes. Oh, you're right. Terrible. I've been spending much too much time with lieutenants Flynn and Provenza. - Has Mrs. Adams arrived? - Yeah, Gabriel just got here with her. They're in interview 1. Chief? Mrs. Adams' financial reports. Okay. Help yourself. No, I shouldn't. Okay, let's see. $38 for fast food. That we knew about. Internet charge to quietaffairs.com. It's a website where married people... they go... I think the name "Quiet Affairs" says it all, Lieutenant. But, wait... there's more. A $5,300 charge for plane tickets from Tijuana to Antwerp via Mexico City. Antwerp... that's a great place to unload stolen diamonds. Really? Do we have a passenger list? Not yet. Aero M?xico confirmed the three tickets, but they want a federal warrant for the passenger manifest, and since Daniels is not here, what I need to do... That's all right. I believe I know... two of the names already. I just need Mrs. Adams to tell me the third. Mrs. Adams. I'm deputy chief Brenda L. Johnson. I am so sorry for your loss. Thank you. Do you have idea who killed my husband? Not yet, but we're certainly doing everything in our power to find out. Now, you reported your husband missing on Saturday. Is that right? Yes. He left for work on Friday, and... never came home, and so I called the police the first thing the next morning. - And you never heard from him again? - No. But he did not take those diamonds. Phil loved that store. He would never take anything from that store, never. Ma'am, we have your husband on tape stealing the diamonds. - I don't care. - All right, maybe he didn't... steal the diamonds. Maybe he was just taking them for a drive. But let's talk about something else for a moment. Have you ever heard of a website called quietaffairs.com? No. It's a place where married people go to fool around... online. And according to your credit-card statement, you joined Quiet Affairs four months ago. Is that right? Mrs. Adams, normally I wouldn't pry into someone's personal life, but your husband was found dead in the trunk of his car, and I have to wonder if you and some boyfriend that you met - on Quiet Affairs, killed him. - Boyfriend? I don't have a boyfriend. I would never be unfaithful to Phil. Really? Is there any chance that... you could identify this man for us? Why? We have him on tape in your husband's car. No. I don't know him. Okay. So, you don't know this young man. But let's just pretend for a minute that you do... - and that he was your boyfriend. - He wasn't, though. We're just pretending. And let's say that somehow you and your boyfriend manipulated your husband into stealing millions in diamonds. - Please, don't... - but at that last minute, either your boyfriend pulled a fast one on you, or you pulled a fast one on him. Either way, your husband ends up dead in the trunk of his car, and somebody walks off with millions in diamonds, which is certainly not what Phil had in mind, because... his plan involved three plane tickets to Antwerp. One for you, one for your husband, and one for this young man, who I would very much like for you to identify. 3 people, 3 plane tickets. No ticket for me. Oh, my god. He was leaving. How could I be so stupid? The third plane ticket was for Phil. The airlines make him buy two seats whenever he has to fly. How... How could you not know about this? The plane tickets were charged to your credit card. Phil was the one who did the finances, who paid the bills. He was the one with the account at Quiet Affairs. So you knew about this? Phil met that boy online. They were messaging or chatting, whatever you call it, for the past couple of months. I caught him doing it, but he said it was just a... a fantasy he was living out, role-playing over the internet. And you believed him? Phil gained weight after we married, and we started having intimacy issues. So I thought maybe this was his way of working through some things. Besides, he was using a really old picture on his profile. I didn't think he'd have the nerve to meet anybody in person, but... that is the guy that he was chatting with. That's him! Okay. Well, this young man may have killed your husband. What is his name? Spiceboy85, A.K.A. Keith Reyes, 737 Las Casas, Echo Park. Quiet Affairs is cooperating, discreetly of course. - OK. That could be him. - Look who's in his friends file. Our victim, Phil Adams. A.K.A. 24carats. Unfortunately, they don't archive the chat transcripts. So unless we recover Mr. Adams' and Mr. Reyes' computers, we have no idea what they said to each other. Chief, if you're going to serve a warrant in Echo Park, I should be there. Thank you so much, det. Sanchez, but I believe the last time you violated light-restriction duty, a critical part of our case was destroyed, namely the victim's body. - Chief, I think we're on... - But, Chief, I was the one who told... So you were there. I knew it! And the rest of you... I am so mad! Until you are cleared for full duty, you are chained to that desk. Chained! Warrant, warrant. Thank you. Sergeant Gabriel. Way to go, Julio. If I was in better shape, I'd kick your ass. I'm deputy chief Brenda Leigh Johnson, and we're from the L.A.P.D. We are looking for a Mr. Keith Reyes. Is he here? No hablo ingl?s. Detective Sanchez, of all the days. Buzz, would you find out this young woman's information - while we start the search? - But, chief, I'm supposed to document the apartment before you start looking for anything. Please just do what I say! We'll be gentle, but I need to find out who this young lady is and what she knows about Mr. Reyes. Please. Pardon me. Qu? crees que est?n haciendo? - Calma, se?ora, por favor. - En puedes entrar aqu? sin llarme? Okay, looking for diamonds, plus-sized clothing, e-tickets for Belgium, computers, anything that connects Mr. Reyes to our victim. - No pueden hacen eso. - Se?or Reyes est? en casa? S? o no? Ese idiota. Le dijo que se sale de aqu?. Chief, she says Mr. Reyes is an idiot... ... and that he left... no, she kicked him out. Chief. Chief, about Sanchez. I just thought, you know, if I let him take his time... And snuck him out on calls he'd get the message he could ignore going to therapy? Which is exactly why he's not here today when I need him the most. It's not enough that he's fit physically. Behavioral science has to sign off, too. No desktop, no laptop. Okay, Chief, she says she doesn't have an I.D. She doesn't want to give her name. Her accent is really hard to understand. But from what I can tell, she's a singer on a cruise ship. Se fue a viernes. S?, s?. Voy a decirle. Espere momentito. Keith Reyes left on Friday and hasn't been back. ... y es una barca... And now we're making her late for work, and she's leaving because the ship would sail without her. We can't let her go, Chief. No, no, no. Lieutenant, if we want to find out who she is, we have to let her go. Buzz, would you hurry her along? Lieutenant Flynn. May I see your driver's license, please? - Puedo ver su licencia? Yo te digo, yo no tengo de identificaci?n. She says she doesn't have one. What a shame. Gentlemen. You are under arrest for operating a motor vehicle without a license. Please step out of the car. Usted tiene el derecho de permanecer callado, y usted renuncia el derecho de permancer callado cualquier cosa que usted diga podra usarse y se usar? en su contra en una corta de justicia. Who's the babe? She won't give us her name. No hablos ingl?s. Why don't you grab her prints for us? Yes, sir. Hey, hey, Casanova... take it easy, huh? Easy. Buenos d?as. Hola, pap?. Su nombre? No, no, no. Casada o soltera? Qu?? Casada... o soltera? Are you married, or are you single? Single. Y t?? No, daddy, we don't have any salt substitute. I don't know. No, no. That's the sell-by date, not the expiration. I'm sure it's fine. If you're worried about it, throw it out then! Daddy, I'm gonna have to call you back. Something's come up. Detective Sanchez! In my office, please... now. Lt Tao, would you please process these prints as soon as possible? And, sergeant Gabriel, if you would escort... our guest here, into interview room 1? Yes, ma'am. Detective Sanchez, you realize you were kissing a possible murder suspect? Yes, ma'am. And she doesn't know enough spanish to be from anywhere they speak it, unless she's really stupid. And she's not that stupid cause she's into me. - I'd be happy to interview her for you. - I'm sure you would, det. Sanchez, but the interview room is a little far from your desk. Wipe your face. Good afternoon. I'm sorry. I forgot. You don't speak english. - No habla Ingl?s? - No. You won't understand when I tell you that I'm about to book you for driving without a license, put you in the county jail, and lock you up for the next 48 hours until you're arraigned, at which time you'll have to come up with over $2,000 in bail. Fine. What do you want to know? Now she speaks english. Well, good. Now that I can communicate with you, I have a few questions I'd like to ask. So, let's get started, shall we? First, - why did you refuse to speak english? - Is there a law against that? No, I don't think so. Nextpregunta, please. How do you know Mr. Reyes? - He was one of my boyfriends. - One of your boyfriends? Yes. You seem to be feeling better all of a sudden. How long have you known Mr. Reyes? Too long. When was the last time you saw him? I kicked his ass out a week ago, when I find out that he don't like girls no more. - And you haven't seen him since? - No. Have you? Because if he comes around again, he's gonna need police protection. Where's the chief? Interview 1 with tequila rose. - He didn't tell you where he was going? - I told you. I don't know where he is. Can I go now? Thank you. Do you know what I've just been handed? Hopefully a menu mam?, 'cause I'm starving. You're criminal record, and it gives me a very good idea where to find your boyfriend, Keith. Ex-boyfriend. Keith Reyes, you're under arrest for grand theft and murder of Phil Adams. Sgt Gabriel, would you please read him his rights? You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford one, it will be appointed to you by the state. Have you heard and understood these rights, sir? Tell the chief I went to therapy. So, we searched Keith Reyes' residence, no diamonds, no laptop. We had undercover stake it out just in case he showed up. But as it turns out, he was already in custody. I thought we had his girlfriend in custody. They're very close. You might be interested to know, Mr. Reyes, that we found Phil Adams yesterday morning very, very dead and partially decomposed. Wait, what?! - Phil's really dead? - Yes, he is. And do you want to know where we found him? Man, don't tell me he was still in the trunk of his car. That was too easy. That's exactly where we found him, and that is the first straight answer you've given me. Mr. Reyes, I have to tell you, you are testing my temper. I apologize. But when you showed up today, I was late for work, and I didn't want to get fired. What is it exactly that you do? I'm an illusionist. So, what, you're a female impersonator? No. I don't do drag. What you saw today was magic. And where do you perform? I told you... On a cruise ship. I sing in the lounge. Is that where you met Mr. Adams? On the cruise ship? No, Phil never knew anything about my work. I mean, we only met in person once last friday evening. The rest of our relationship was online. Are you telling me that the first time you met Phil Adams in person was the night that you murdered him? I didn't murder him. And besides, he put himself in that trunk. Did you notice how big he was? Look at me. I couldn't have put him in there if I tried. Are you saying he put himself in the trunk of that car of his own accord? I have to tell you, I find that very, very strange. The whole night was strange. It started the moment he showed up. Look, he didn't look anything like his photo. I mean, the guy totally lied about himself. - He was enormous. - You got in the car with him anyway. It would have been really rude to take one look at him and say, "see you." I mean, everybody's got feelings. And what did you two do? Well, there was no way I was taking him back to my place. I thought we'd go get dinner, but then we started driving. And I started to get nervous. And he told me, "don't worry. I have a surprise for you." So, I thought, "okay." But then we passed san diego. And he pulls over, and he says: "I'm gonna get into the trunk just until we cross the border." Now, that's a little weird, right? So, I ask him, "why do you want to get in the trunk?" And he tells me that it's all part of the surprise. And what was the surprise? $3 million in stolen diamonds? And what about this? A plane ticket in your name out of mexico to Europe? Are you kidding? Why wouldn't he tell me? Where in Europe? I totally would have gone for that. So, so, you're saying the diamonds, the plane tickets... You don't know anything about that? Look, he got in the trunk, and I freaked out. So I turned around, and I drove back to L.A. Look, I thought he had a gun or drugs or something weird. I am such an idiot. $3 million? Really? Buzz, will you tell chief Johnson to come to my office, please? I need to speak with her... immediately. Chief Pope wants you to end the interview... now. While I'm impressed your crack team of detectives used fingerprints to reveal that a female suspect was a man, you have no diamonds, you have no conspiracy, and you definitely don't have a murder. If Mr. Reyes put Mr. Adams in the trunk of that car... There is nothing to prove that he did. Reyes seduced Phil Adams into stealing those diamonds and leaving his wife to become a fugitive in antwerp. It would have been easy for him to convince that poor man to get into the trunk of his car so he could cross the border unrecognized. But they didn't drive to mexico. He drove him back here, and that is murder. Even if it happened exactly as you described, Adams got into the trunk of that car without being physically forced, and he suffocated from the pressure of his own weight. And that is not murder. I've spoken to the district attorney himself, and we have nothing proving Mr. Reyes intended Mr. Adams to die. Without intent, there's no murder. Manslaughter, then. Mr. Reyes walked off and left Mr. Adams in the trunk of that car. - Not against the law. - He didn't report the body. Failure to report a dead body is also not against the law. I can't arrest him for anything. Find the diamonds, connect them to your suspect, and prove that he was involved in a conspiracy to commit grand theft, and maybe... maybe we can get him for manslaughter. Reyes killed Phil Adams. I know it. Believing something to be true and proving it... Two different things. Connect him to the diamonds or let him go. Food's here! Don't come in here! Okay, okay! Not looking. Not looking. What in the sam hill is that? I know you're watching your diet, Clay. That pizza's good for your heart. Vegetarian: no meat, no cheese. No meat, no cheese? No pizza. What do you got in there? Hey, Brenda, you find your guy? Yes, once I figured out who she was. "She"? Well, she was a he who dressed like a she. A lady fella? We got to check on it, but I think the proper term is transvestite. No, no. He doesn't call himself a transvestite. He's an illusionist. He's also a bit of a magician. He somehow managed to make $3 million in diamonds vanish into thin air. I'm gonna put this pizza on a plate. - All finished. - Okay. Oh, ma. It's beautiful. I'm so glad you like it. I knew I was hanging on to this gown for a good reason. And now we can go on our 50th-wedding-anniversary hawaiian cruise for some fun in the sun. Willie Ray, I'm in no condition to go on the ocean without a doctor's care. Well, I'll Miss you, Clay, but I'm leaving tomorrow. Tomorrow? You're leaving tomorrow? Don't look so disappointed, dear. We... we... can't leave tomorrow! Are you deliberately trying to kill me? Yes, and I'd want you to die with a tan. I'll miss you, but I'm not missing that cruse Because you're imagining health problems. That stent collapsing was not imaginary. That was a week ago. Quit living in the past. Go and pack because you're either going home to Atlanta, or you're going to the south pacific with me. I mean it, Clay. Daddy, Hawaii's a much nicer place to get better. Clay, would you rather die in Atlanta or paradise? I hope y'all remember this moment when they bury me at sea. Ma, it's just lovely. Thank you so much for making me look so beautiful. You're very welcome. That's what a wedding dress should do. Maximize your assets. Excuse me while I tend to my patient in the I.C.U. - Okay, where do you want him, chief? - In my office would be fine. I have just received word that you have been cleared for full duty. Chief, if you're gonna ask me to go in there with you, I would like to request just one more day chained to my desk. Good news, Mr. Reyes. You're being released. I bet you'll be happy to go home and change into something a little more comfortable. I just need you to sign here, confirming that you have received all your belongings. All right, then. You're free to go. I just have one little question for you, off the record. And what's that? The only reason you got into that car with Mr. Adams was because you were trying to be polite to someone that you met online... Not because of diamonds, is that right? I never knew anything about any diamonds. That's exactly what I thought you'd say. Only real diamonds can cut glass, Mr. Reyes. Since everything you've told me so far has been a lie, what do you say we start over? I didn't kill anyone, and I haven't done anything wrong. What about all those diamonds sewn into your dress? Actually, I used fabric glue. So you could step off that cruise ship and sail through customs with $3 million in stolen gems. How was I supposed to know they were stolen? Phil gave me those diamonds. I thought they were fake. Can you believe this guy? I didn't believe him when he was a woman. But once he got into the trunk, I started thinking... Yeah, you started thinking, "Yay, I've got the diamonds." No, I started thinking, "What did I get myself into? What if this guy is crazy?" Listen, I didn't kill anybody. I was just trying to avoid a bad situation. A bad situation? Let me tell you about a bad situation. Locking a man in the trunk of his car with no water and very little air, that is a bad situation. You're good at conjuring up a fantasy. Let me tell you about one that I have. You meet Mr. Adams online. He was a married man, but he was also a repressed homosexual. I'd be willing to bet that you stalked him, saw that he worked at a jewelry store, and, knowing he was vulnerable, started making promises you knew he'd be all too willing to accept. Lady, you have no idea what you're talking about. You conned Mr. Adams into the trunk of that car with no intention of ever letting him out! That sounds like murder to me. Look, Phil got in the trunk to cross the border without telling me why. Probably because he stole a lot of diamonds and he thought people would be looking for him. Instead of having the Mexican border patrol discover some fat guy who lied to me in the trunk, I drove him back to Los Angeles. Well, you know, we could still get you for the possession of stolen property. Your story's changed so many times. "I only speak Spanish. Oh, wait, I speak English. "I'm a woman. Oh, wait, I'm a man. "What diamonds? Oh, those diamonds. He gave me these diamonds." Sergeant Gabriel, what is the minimum sentence for grand theft? 8 to 10 years. That gives me plenty of time to find evidence that proves you murdered Mr. Adams. I told you. I thought the diamonds were fake. So good luck with your possession. And I didn't rob his store. So good luck with your grand theft. He's absolutely right. We have nothing on him. You thought this out from beginning to end. Every question I've asked, you've had an answer for. It's almost like you've imagined these interviews before they took place. I think you're the one imaging things. Because you want us to. Like right now... You think you look innocent, but you don't. It's just another one of your tricks. And my best one's yet to come... ... because since you have nothing to charge me with, tomorrow you get to watch me walk out of here and completely disappear. I want to thank you for taking such good care of your mother and me. Oh, daddy, of course. I love you. Clay, we don't want to be late. I'm saying goodbye to my daughter, if you don't mind. Don't you mean "aloha"? We're not there yet. Bye, mama. Have a safe trip and make sure daddy stays on his diet. I expect he'll do as well as you do avoiding sugar. Bags are all loaded. - Bye, Fritz. - Bye-bye. They're gone. Which means we finally have some privacy, where we can do whatever we want... As many times as we want. I know you're distracted. I know you're still trying to trap your Houdini with the diamonds. Yes. Want to know a secret? Yes, I do. You know the interesting thing about illusions? It's that the magician rehearses over and over again until it's perfect. But practice doesn't just make perfect. It makes a pattern. And if you have a pattern, you can prove intent. And with intent... You get... murder. How did you... How did you? - What is this? - The fat jokes, they bothered me. I knew I heard them somewhere before, and then I remembered. They came up in an FBI case that was never solved. "An obese bank manager in Arizona" was found dead in the trunk of his car after stealing $2 million from his branch office." This has nothing to do with me. I've never heard of this guy, and you have about 30 minutes before you have to charge me or let me go. I've accepted the fact that I have to release you, but let's sort out some business here first, shall we? The FBI never figured out how this poor old bank manager ended up in the trunk of his car, nor did we find the $2 million he stole. We do know he didn't act alone. He was trading e-mails, planning the theft with a young lady. We even have surveillance video of the girl walking up to his car right after the robbery. Ladies and gentlemen, may we present the amazing Mr. Keith Reyes? That's how you anticipated everything I could possibly ask you, because you've done it all before. Hey, I had nothing to do with that guy's death. - It's the same as Phil. - Sorry, Keith. I know how much a magician hates to have his trade secrets exposed. But here's the thing, you perform a trick like that more than once, you establish a pattern. And with a pattern, you create intent. And with intent, you get murder in the first degree. - You said you were gonna release me. - I am... To the FBI and the Tucson police. I'm gonna arrest you for bank robbery. These guys are probably gonna want to try you for murder. We'll sort out who goes first on your way back to Arizona. And just as you predicted, you're gonna walk out of here today and completely disappear. Well, now you see me. And now you don't. Try and keep the rabbit in the hat this time, will you? www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 