Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e11 - Junkyard 'Cuda Rescue, with Nitrous Oxide! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 11 - Junkyard 'Cuda Rescue, with Nitrous Oxide! - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan of HOT ROD magazine fly out of town, buy a car from a junkyard, make it run and drive, do burnouts, add nitrous, drag race ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - How do you make a junkyard car run and drive? - With Nitrous. (sprays) (yells) (laughs) (engine revving) (tires screeching) (upbeat rock music) - On the first episode of Roadkill we let a dart determine our destiny. And now that we're at episode 11 and we're 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 fresh out of ideas, we're going to do that again. (laughs) - It's a guaranteed formula, can't lose. - Yeah. - See we're going to Houston for a drag race, but we figured if we're going to a drag race, we should drag race and so we're going to buy a car somewhere in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, New Mexico kind of area, drive it to Houston and race it. - Alright, so Houston right? - [David] OK, who's throwing the dart? - You are, still missing eyebrow from the last time we did this. - [David] No. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - How much do you like your eyebrows? (laughs) - Oh, brutal. Ready? - [Mike] Yep. You suck really bad at throwing. Oh my God, you're in the Gulf of Mexico dude. (laughs) - Oh, perfect. - We're not buying a boat, so let's try this again. You landed on Hawaii, OK. (laughs) Let's try this again. - Let's do it. - [Mike] Dude that was dead centered in Texas. - [David] Really? So we're there? - [Mike] Austin. (groans) - You totally stuck me. (laughs) Do it. (groans) (laughs) That really does hurt. - There's some hair on there. - [David] I thought you were kidding last time. - Ew. - So you're thinking if we went to Austin we could get something junkier and fix it more? - Yeah. - OK. Well, let's see what's available. - Craigslist here we come. (car zooming) - The dart hit the map in Austin, but when I started looking around to figure out what we were going to do in Texas there was a guy on my Facebook page who recommended CTC Auto Ranch in Denton. And so, we're going to head about three or four hours north and check that out. We hit this junkyard I think we need to get something that runs and drives. I don't think we can do any crazy engine swap or anything. - Let's find a really great car without an engine and a really great engine in a car we don't want. - We don't have time. - Dude, we proved we can do it in the snow, if you give us three or four days. (laughs) There's no snow here. - If we plan for one, we'll take three. - Yeah, there's no snow here so cut that time in half. Let's find a car on top of other cars. Stacked up. - Let's get the bottom one. - Yeah. Let's make this as difficult as possible. - There it is! Right there. Junkyard next to a drag strip. - [Mike] Paradise. - [David] Absolute nirvana. - [Mike] Oh my God it's almost all old sheet metal. - This is going to be good. - All of a sudden I see a drag strip, which gets me fired up. And then, acres of cars. I mean more vintage iron that I've ever seen in one spot in my entire life. And if I had a lot of money and a big ass trailer, I would have taken most of it home. - [David] '55 Fairlane, '63 Chevy. - [Mike] I like the Ranchero. - [David] '78ish. - Look at how complete they are, look. All the chrome, all the glass, the steering wheel's still on it. - [David] Oh Gremlin! Dude, grimmy. - That was on the website. - [David] '59 Chevy. - That was on the website dude. - [David] '65 Biscayne. - [Mike] Pinto. - [David] Oh man. - [Mike] Pinto. Want the Pinto. - When we got to the ranch we met Allen Williamson, who is one of the owners of the place and Finnegan had called ahead and talked to him so that we knew he was cool, we knew he was down with our program. Which was that we had to buy a car, fix it in 24 hours so that we can hit the road, drive 300 miles and compete at a NMCA race in Houston, where we're also going to hang out with a bunch of our buddies from Hot Rod Drag Week. - What have you got that's complete, that maybe ran when parked. - You know as far as most of this stuff that's right in this immediate area here, if you want we'll go out there and look around, I'll show you what I have. - [Mike] Yeah, let's check it out. - Then you can go on your own and see what you can find. - I've actually never been to a yard like this, because I'm used to junkyards where everything is stripped. Ya know, you don't find a shoe box Chevy with windows in it. Ya know, that stuffs long gone at that places I've been to. I mean it had Trans Ams, Camaros, Plymouths, Chryslers, Ford Chevys, everything from late 30's on up to the 80's. It was all there, ya know. And mostly intact which was awesome. Here's a trend that never really took off, Bondo flames. Graphics that some day fall off your car. (laughs) Awesome. - You start to walk through the ranch and you see one big yard and then another and then another, and then behind those trees there's even more. We could have spent at least a few days just rummaging though their, finding project cars that we needed to have. - The actual shopping was frustrating. We spent probably an hour walking this place and I'm looking at all these cars that are missing everything. One's got a motor but not a tranny. One's got a tranny but not a motor. One's missing all the suspension. And I always have this feeling that, we should stop now and buy something and get working on it, but I'm going to miss something even better, just over a hill or ya know, behind a bush or something. Because there's cars everywhere. Alright well we don't have time to roam 35 acres. - I have a car that we use for just fiddling around, run and look at stuff. Why don't you all get in the car. - [David] Drive around, perfect. - [Mike] Yeah, drive us around. Like point out the ones. - See what I got. - Yeah. - We checked out the sea of really really cool sheet metal out here. And the bummer is that all of those cars are either rotted into the ground or have no engine or there's some fatal flaw that means that we either can't afford it or he won't sell it to us or it won't run so, we've narrowed it down to this Olds, that Mopar, that Chevy, and that Pontiac. And we got to decide among 'em right now. The Olds we've pretty much blown off. It just, it needs a little bit too much. And I think basically we're not excited by it. This is a '67 Barracuda. No door handles, no dash, no wiring, no carburetor, no seats, no glass, so. - No problem. - [David] What was the up side? - No problem. OK so this one, it's already got headers. Already got aluminum intake on it. It looks like at one point it was a little speedy. - I get what you're saying this is the most performance oriented, but what do we do about a gas tank, glass. - We're at a junkyard. There's gas tanks here. - In 24 hours we need to be driving away from here. And I doubt they'll let us work all night. And we have no light. - We haven't even asked yet. Ya never know. I wave $10 or $12 in front of them, you never know dude. We may own this place. Alright so if not the Barracuda then sell me on the Pontiac I think you're in love with. - Well I'm not completely anti Barracuda. I'm just thinking that the Pontiac or the Chevy are going to be easier to get running. - But this is more pimp than performance to be honest with you. - Oh yeah, I'm agreeing with that. There we go. Radiator. - [Mike] Ran when parked huh. - Yeah. (laughs) - Let's look at the Chevy. - I wanted to go with the '66 Chevy because the guy knew that it had run and yeah it was clapped out and gross and had mouse turds in it and stuff, but I just sort of had faith that it could get there. And I knew that we were going to be able to fix a small block Chevy anywhere, with any rubber bands or duct tape that we had sitting around and I thought we'd be able to turn the key and hit the road. I do like this because of my whole kink on the Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry movie. Where they had the '66 Impala at the beginning. - That car was blue. - Yeah and it wasn't a sedan either but, but I can dream. (laughs) - I like the challenge of making the Barracuda run. - You want to make it decide between these on price? Want to see what he'll take for that? - Oh yeah, we may not even be able to afford these. - Right. So negotiate, you're better than I am. - Alright, Allen. I am not a greedy man. - [Allen] I know you're not. - I'm not. I've already spent a lot of money on plane tickets getting here. - And that's your problem. - That's my problem. - I've already said you got nice boots on. - Thank you, thank you very much. - OK, I like your hair. You got a good tan. I feel close to you. - Oh buddy 'ole pal. - I feel close to you. (laughs) What am I looking at for this ugly, steaming, pile of junk. That is taking up a valuable space in your yard. Think of what you could put here. - I'll do about $4,000 on it without the glass. - We're going to have to just lower your expectations a little. - What you got in mind? - We're going to have to put a carb on it. Not cheap. - So we need a carburetor. - Carburetor, some wiring. Plumbing for the gas tank. - Right. - We need a seat. It's worth two right? - Oh yeah, I'd do that for sure. - Yeah two, two's good. Two plus all those parts we need to put it back together. - Right. - If you could get us the windows, like in so they don't fall out at 78 miles an hour which will be top speed for this thing. - Yeah. - Three grand. What do you think? - I can't do it. - No? Not for three? - About $3,800 is the best I can do on this one. - So what he's saying is this is worth virtually, well this is worth twice as much as the actual Impala. - Why don't we do this. - Uh-oh, wait wait. - [Mike] Oh, oh oh oh oh. - Why don't we try to get to get 'em started. And see which one's. - Startable. - Startable. - OK. - OK, alright. - If the engine turns over. - You do that for us? - Yeah. - OK. - Yeah, but we can't afford that regardless. - What are you cheapskates? - We may have to walk away from this one. - Yeah I know, it's disappointing. - I may be so offended about the Cuda we just leave all together. (laughs) Come on baby crank to life, daddy needs a Mopar. (engine turning) Oh dude. - [David] Yeah, that's good. - I'm telling you dude we can make this run. - I'm warming up to the notion. - Here's what I say dude, we'll give him his $3,800 but we want the glass in the car and we need another seat. We'll make the rest of it happen on our own. So when buying a car from an Auto Ranch, you got to expect the carburetors, probably going to fight you a little bit. So I was smart enough to order a Holley 750 double pumper with mechanical secondaries. - And you just don't go anywhere without your cheater setup. - Hello friend. Oh I've missed you. I like that we have 24 hours to make a car we never seen run and we're putting Nitrous on it before we even check the motor. - [David] Got to have your priorities straight. Perfect. (upbeat rock music) (engine starting) Doesn't smoke. (car revving) (coughs) I say we're good to go. - [Mike] That sounds alright. - [David] We got it to run pretty good, we decided we're going to give it our best shot, 'cause we always have a fall back plan, which is the Chevy. So they just fork lifted it over to the shop and they're going to help us work on it. They also said we could stay here all night long. And I'm thinking that's going to have to happen. (car zooming) - The really funny thing about this is, we're four hours into this deal and all we're accomplishing right now is making the engine run for more than eight seconds, so that we could put the trans in gear to find out if the car even moves. And if it doesn't move we've got to go back to the junkyard and pick out another car and try that again. Because nothing in this whole place we're sure will run under it's own power. - The first think Finnegan did was strip the carburetor fitting. Can I blame you for that or is that not cool? - You lie a lot on video. - Can I blame China? How about China? When you pay Rad Rides by Troy and you give them a million dollars to build a hot rod and you wonder why. This is why. They're not working in a barn, in 24 hours with Chinese made parts. - Sure they have fame, and glory, and money in their pockets, and happy wives and children that like them. But they're not having this fun. Not at all. Enter to win $5,000 by providing feedback and taking our survey. I think the odds of us winning should be pretty good, after we spent this much money! It's almost as tall as I am. $800 bucks to basically find out if the car will even move. What do you think? Is it going to move? - [David] Of course. - The only issue here is you plumb that to a fuel line that's going to nothing. - [David] Yeah. Where would you like it to go? - Some sort of gas can. - Which we did not acquire. And we don't have the gas either. (laughs) - We have no can or gas. (laughs) We could wish it to ya know life. - [David] Yeah, we could. - Do we even have a jack? (upbeat rock music) Man I hope this thing moves forward and backwards. - Is backwards actually a requirement? - That might actually be a little greedy on our part. - OK hopefully we're going to fire it up now, make it drink out of this gas can. (engine starting) Sounds good. - Happy. - Reverse. - Yes! That's reverse, no noise. - [David] And drive. - Forward! I take back everything I said about this place. You can get a quality automobile here. - We're good. Wait, let's see will the brakes stop it. No, no brakes. - We're not going around the block without brakes. - [David] No, we need brakes. It's about midnight at the Auto Ranch, and we've had big victories with the engine and the transmission and so we're going to call it a night, go get some rest. (car zooming) It's first thing in the morning on Thursday and we thought we should attack the brakes first, soon as we got the engine working and transmission working, but no brakes. So. - [Mike] It's not first thing in the morning anymore. - It's not? - [Mike] Yeah, it's about lunch time. - Are you saying we're behind schedule? - [Mike] Little bit. - What are you working on, start at the top. OK, stuff I can see, right away. Put oil in, find oil filter. New ignition switch needs to go in. Get another radiator that doesn't leak. Headlights, glass, brakes. Gas tank, seats, shifter, tires if possible. - Exhaust? - We'll just cut it off. - Yeah, cut exhaust. - We should stop the list now. - 'Cause it's only depressing. - It's really getting overwhelming. - Oh, outside door handles. - Oh, that just put it over the edge dude, we can't make this now. - So that's our list and it's Thursday at 11, we need to leave in eight hours. We'll be fine. - There's no way in hell that's happening. (upbeat rock music) - Our problem is, is this seal for the filler into the tank is junk. But video producer Clint had a genius idea. We went and cut this piece of radiator hose and slipped it over the fill neck and it's going to make a perfect seal into the hole on the top of the tank. - Probably the best part about being at CTC Auto Ranch here in Texas, is that when we needed a part, we could just go out back here and find it. So, I found our transmission kick down mount there for the carburetor. We didn't have a seat for our car, so they grabbed this '69 Valiant out of the yard, rolled it in here ripped out the bench and the seat belts for us. And I dunno if you can see this right now, but this is actually an ultra rare factory light weight drag car. With transparent aluminum quarter panels. Very valuable. - What's our next big expense, is my concern? - We need rear tires. We'll take the two best of the four, stick 'em on the front. - Yeah the rears are better so I'll throw those on the front but then. - Cut the exhaust off. That solves a lot of the issue back there. It does need rear shocks. - Oh yeah, 'cause they're completely topped out. - Yeah, well and the one is bent. So. - We're completely out of money. - We're never out of money, we have AMEX. (laughs) We'll just be in a lot more trouble when we get back to work. - Right. - And find out what we spent. I'm going to cut the studs, let's go back to work. We're running out of daylight. - I was really torqued up about the glass on the car. I was concerned the drag strip would not let us run without it. We had to have a windshield at least and the glass guy shows up and he wants like $500 bucks to install glass that's sitting right out there in the yard. And that wasn't a good moment. We're standing around waiting for this guy to come down on the price, which he finally did. But then we find out that '67 Cuda glass is different than '68 or '69 Cuda glass, in the size, the doors are a little bit different. What a pain in the neck. And you know what, Coop glass is different than fastback glass. So we're just screwed on the side windows. Here's where I'm stupid. After we figured out that the '68 glass wouldn't fit the '67 doors we reinstalled the '68 glass in the '68 doors and installed the '68 doors on the car. 'Cause I thought we had to have it. And it looks so stupid. We couldn't live with ourselves. Our junkyard car didn't look cool enough with blue doors and white paint. I just couldn't have it. So then Finnegan calls Jeff Lutts who's standing in Houston at the drag strip we want to race, why we didn't do this a day ago I don't know. And he goes, "Lutts, can you talk to the tech guy" "and find out if they'll let us run without windows?" Guy goes, "Yeah." (sighs) (upbeat music) 7 o'clock we have to leave in an hour, right? - No no no, five hours from now the drag strip next door closes. - So that's our new bogey. - New goal, if we get it running in four hours, we can go make a lap over there. - Does it have to have brakes? - Nah. - We could not find junkyard tail lights, and so I'm using magnetic trailer lights. Which won't magnetize. - It's 9:30, we've got about two and a half hours until the drag strip closes. We're going to fire off the motor for the very first time on the stocked gas tank. And the potential for that thing to turn brown right now and look like the bottom of a fish tank very high. So, go ahead hit it. (car starting) Hey, we got gas. (cheers) Alternator works. - [David] Cool. - [Mike] Right on. - I was about ready to pack the wheel barrings and I noticed that, we got the race spun in the drum, which is really ungood. Not sure how we're going to fix that just yet. Probably knock it out and stake the back of it or something. Right? - Huh? - There's an old farmers trick that you can do, where you take a punch and you smack the machine surface where the race goes in and it makes little dents and little lifted areas of metal around the dent that reduce the inside diameter of the race journal so that the race can pound in again. And so this guy, James who works at the Auto Ranch, who has been super helpful and who is the master of the junkyard repair, shows up, he knows this trick like that and dials us in. - Then we got to bleed the brakes, fix all the water leaks, wire the tail lights. Cut something off the floor of the car, so that bench seat that we robbed from another car will fit. Make sure the shifter works. Drop it on the ground and try and run it. - We're leaving tomorrow night sometime. 24 hours from now if at all. - Time for bed. Let's go. - OK. - [Mike] Did it sound like we were going to bed together? (laughs) (car zooming) (upbeat rock music) (cars revving) (crickets chirping) (intense music) - The cure all. Ah, that makes me feel better. Nitrous. (electric saw) (metal clanking) - [Mike] Ventilated, sealed. - At this point, there's the possibility that after all this work, we're going to try and drive it around the block and the transmission will just be garbage. It spun the wheels on the jack stand, that doesn't mean it moves the car. - Dude, don't talk about it. (laughs) - There's just a possibility. - [Mike] Don't talk about it. We have a chrome air cleaner OK. - Oh yeah, we'll be good. - Car's fine. - We got the car completely running, everything was coming together and the brakes didn't work. It turns out that all of the little tiny line was just packed with goo. I ended up taking the entire brake system apart. The metering valve, the prop valve, just cramming wire through it, air, carb cleaner, nightmare. Even though we're not going to get any test runs in Houston, we're still going to be able to run across the street, over here at North Star if only I can make this junk stop. (upbeat music) - I think all that's left to do is bleed the front brakes, and see if she'll drive down the street. Maybe even do a burnout. - Ya know there's a moment at which you think no amount of duct tape is actually going to get you on the road with this car and then there's that moment where you fire it up and put it into gear and head out for your first test drive. (car starting) (dramatic music) At this point Finnegan and I are just giddy. And we pull out in front of the yard, drive around a couple of times and I swear we're not in the car 30 seconds before Finnegan's on the wood and this thing lays patch for a half a block. Yeah! - Yeah! - Yeah! (laughs) Dude! Yeah! - Oh dude it's spunky. - And it smells like rubber in here. Ya know three trips around the block is good enough proof for a junkyard car. So, what do you do. You head straight to the drag strip. (cars screeching) North Star is a really cool little track. It's an 1/8 mile, which is unusual for me but nice place the people there are fantastic. Can't say enough about the whole crew and how they treated us there. Finnegan goes up there to make the first pass on motor. (car screeches) (car revs) 9.06, and I instantly whip out my phone and do the math to convert it to like a 1/4 mile time, which is language I understand. And it's a 14.20. And I am just completely over the moon at this point. Because 14.20 means that I can spray this thing into a 12 second car. For sure. It's 11:30 and I don't think we're racing in Houston unless we get there at like nine or 10 which means we got to cannonball. - Let's get the hell out of here. (engine hums) (sad trombone music) Our really old and dry rotted tires are self ejecting the treads now. - We heard something smack the inside of the quarter panel pretty hard. And it was that. Not good. - I vote, limp it to the hotel, deal with it in the morning. - Well yeah, we pretty much don't have a choice. (car zooming) We woke up in the morning at the hooker hotel and sure enough the tire was completely flat. But that doesn't slow us down, we don't have a spare. And we don't want to wait for a tow truck so we hit the road in the Cuda with a dead flat tire. Drove the thing five miles on a completely flat tire. But the Gear Head angel shine upon us once again, because we never gacked the wheel. And we were able to slap new rubber on the car, we got four new tires, 'cause that's the way we roll. - Tires are on, feeling good, except we're suffocating from all the exhaust leaks in this thing in the holes in the floor. So, we brought it to this muffler shop who said, two hours to change the header gaskets, and the collector gaskets, we came back four hours later and it leaked worse than when we got here. So, now Dave and I are fixing it ourselves which is probably what we should've done first. - Probably. - The end. - The end. - Dave and I proceed to take the next two hours making it worse than it was when we rolled in but better than it was when the professional mechanics had their hands on it. It still sounded like dog shit when we left. (loud engine rev) - We hit the road and the exhaust fume deal is just as bad as it ever has been. - We got a pretty bad exhaust leak in the Cuder. And uh, we're basically suffocating while we drive. So I'm going to hack up this two liter bottle of soda, duct tape it to the window frame, and hopefully get some fresh air blowin at our dome so we don't pass out in the middle of the night while we're driving. - Wide open windows and still, you need a Coke bottle funneling the 70 mile an hour air, directly at your face so that you can barely breathe enough to stay alive. (car zooming) - We're in Houston. We spent most of yesterday getting tires on the car and trying to protect ourselves from carbon monoxide. But we made it late last night and now, we're headed to the race track. Hopefully to make some Nitrous passes in the car. And then I think we're going to auction this thing off to some lucky person. Or unlucky person depending on your point of view. (car engine loudly hums) (upbeat rock music) (car engine revs) - What's going on here is a regular NMCA event. Street car racing, pro street, the 10 five cars, all the greatest heroes in the country including the guys from Hot Rod Magazine drag week. Like Jeff Lutts, and Larry Larson, and Tim Reid. And they were just busting a gut at the Cuda. We installed that NOS system in record time. I think 10 minutes, like literally three people 10 hands. Everything like this. - Can't go home without running the Nitrous to the thing. So, we don't have an electric fuel pump for the Nitrous system, so we're going to tee it into the stock pump. Cross our fingers and pray to God it doesn't lean out. Tim Reid, one of the guys that competes at drag week, was cool enough to loan me some of his Nitrous system parts and he come over and help me wire the car. So when it was done, it only made sense to go for a test ride with him. Because if it didn't work, it was kind of his fault. (engine revving) Surges a little. It definitely surges. - It hauls ass! - Turned around to go back to the track, because we need to do a little more tweaking on the car and as I was making the U turn I hit the Nitrous button on accident. Whoa whoa whoa whoa. - What'd you bump the button? - No, my hands up here. (laughs) My hands up here man. - I bet you bunched and bumped 'em. - Oh that's not good. Uh-oh. Right now the bottle's leaking, and I blame David for that 'cause he tightened it. And we have no key to get the trunk open. So, we're just going to wait a little bit, 'cause the car is full of Nitrous right now, and not safe to drive down the road. - It's a good thing we had a bunch of extra Nitrous bottles with us, 'cause we had, had 'em filled at North Star the night before. (engine revs) - We were pitted right next to Jeff Lutts and he drives a '57 Chevy that's one of the fastest street cars on the planet. So when I ask him to help me stage the Cuder, he laughed at me but he said yes. And so I got this guy standing in front of the car and he's waving me into the beams and he's laughing his ass off 'cause he's staging like a 15 second car. (engine revs) Come on baby. (cheers) - 110 mile an hour, that's bad ass. - [Mike] Best day at work ever man. - Lutts is jumping up and down, 'cause this thing ran 14.74 but at a 110 miles an hour. And I'm doing the math quick in my head going that's a low 12 second car. It could be an 11.90 car if it had traction. - I went directly from the end of the drag strip back over to the grand stands, right by the starting line and the announcer was super cool, he told everybody that we were jumping on an airplane right now and to get out whatever cash they had in their pockets, because we were going to auction the car off right then and there along with all of the tools we bought and whatever spare parts we didn't have time to install on it. And people showed up for this, I couldn't believe it. We've got $100 bucks, what do we got over here? $200. - [David] Anyone else? - $300 from the gentleman in the red cap, anyone else? - [David] $1,000 bucks from Charlie. - Whoa! $1,000. $1,200. - [David] 15! - 15, lord of the race track. Alright. Thank you for having us. $1,600. $1,800? - [David] 19. - $1,900 wow. $1,900, going once, he's checking it out. - $2,025! - [Mike] $2,025, nice round number, I like that. How'd you pick that one? - [Voiceover] 24. - [David] 24! Big move, big move. - $2,500. - Linda's $2,500! 25, 25! - 29. - [David] 29. - $3,000. - $3,000 yeah! $3,000 bucks. Linda's got it for $3,000 bucks. Adam. - [Voiceover] 31. - $3,100 bucks. - [Mike] Wow. - 31. - [Linda] OK, $3,150. - $3,150. Going once, going twice, sold for $3,150! - [Mike] Alright. (car zooming) - You know what the best part of this Roadkill was? Think what didn't happen. - What didn't happen? - We didn't overheat and take the hood off the car. - There were no gauges we didn't even know if we were overheating. - Oh yeah that's right. We had no oil pressure, no am meter, no gauges. It's OK, junkyard car. - But the hood did stay on the car though which is, that's a step up for us. - Over all I'm going to say, really solid Roadkill. TooK a thing out of the junkyard, race two drag strips, Nitrous. - My hands feel like I got into a fist fight with a cheese grater. And I'm OK with it man. - It was pretty bad. - OK with it. - One more bit of fun. Before we give it away. Ready? - Yes sir. (engine revs) Alright, you ready? - For what? - We're going to go. (laughs) Going to do this now. Just pretend like I'm doing something here. - [David] Basically what I'm doing. - These look tight. Yeah, yeah, that looks good. Tuck that in right there. Ready to go. - [Voiceover] Let's get a clap David. (claps) - Yay us! Yay! (laughs) - Roadkill. No logic, no budget. No shame. - [Voiceover] Give us a clap David. (clap) - That was a good clap with diesel hands. Diesel adds the power! - Wow, you got some pop in that. - Yes, it's the diesel. - I'd do that, but everything hurts. Running out of daylight, I need parts! Hurry! (humming circus music) Yeah, buddy. Don't be scared. I've searched the whole place. There's no back tires or wheels we can use. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 