Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e10 - 727 Cubic Inches and Australian Tire Smoke! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 10 - 727 Cubic Inches and Australian Tire Smoke! - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, there's endless burnouts and powerskids as David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan of HOT ROD magazine are on the loose in Australia with 727ci of Sonny Leonard ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On this episode of Roadkill, we're sucking smoke down under. (engines roar and tires squeal) (engine sputters) (tires squeal) (lively rock music) - [Voiceover] We really had no plan here, other than to get on a plane in Los Angeles and fly halfway around the world to Brisbane, Australia. We had to get off the plane and meet this guy named Gup. And all we really know about him 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is that he runs the Powercruise here in Australia, which is a series of these wild events with burnouts and superchargers and tire smoke and just the whole program. We have an eight-hour layover in Brisbane, and then we've got to get back on a plane and go all the way to the west coast to Perth. So while we're here, Gup is going to show us around and just give us a little bit of the flavor of what the Powercruise is all about. (engine roars) - [Mike] Does the toilet really flush the other direction? - It does. I've actually got video of it 'cause I'm a plumber, originally. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (laughing) - That's really the only reason I came here, was just to check the toilet out, and then I'm out of here. - [Gup] Yeah, but which way does it go over there? - I don't know. - [Voiceover] Clockwise. - I don't know, but I've heard it's wrong here, so I'm going to flush it, get on a plane, I'm out. I just want to kick a kangaroo, watch the toilet, drink some beer, out of here. - [Gup] Careful when you kick the kangaroo, though. - [Voiceover] They hurt. - [Gup] No, they'll kick you back. - This is like America, but inside out. After 18 hours on the plane, Finnegan is just useless. He pretty much turns into a pumpkin at midnight. So he's a vegetable, but we thought it would be a good idea to go drinking. Last time I was in Australia, I complained that there just wasn't good beer, so Gup was out to prove me wrong, and also I got to cook a fish on a rock. - 1:45 and Mike's hit the wall already. It's only midday. - I'm good. (Gup laughs) Let's race. - [Gup] You keep telling yourself that. (laughing) - It says, drink driving, it's a crime. It's a drunk guy made that sticker. (laughing) I got this, dude. Don't worry about it. ♫ Couldn't leave, I had to meet her ♫ Greet the girl of my dreams with a kiss on the hand ♫ What up ♫ - [Gup] I'm just going to the bank for two minutes. - Yeah, okay. Wow, our host is filling a cheap suitcase full of money at a bank. We're going to jail. (engine roars) - We're still catatonic off the airplane for 13 hours, but we're about to see our first motorsports action in Australia. - [Mike] We're at Queensland Raceways. - In Brisbane, and there's like five or six different hot rods here. They're like mid-70s Monaros with twin-turbo LS motors in 'em, and it's weird. These guys like having the 1,200 horsepower, but they don't really care about going fast. They care about tire smoke. - They're going to cruise around the road course. When they hit the last turn, they'll be side-by-side, racing while doing a burn out. - Right. - No lawyers, no insurance companies. - No roll cage, no helmet, no shoes. Yeah, these are our people. - Not worried about it. (David chuckles) This should be awesome. (engines roaring) - [David] There was this one car that we heard was going to be the quickest car there, and we showed up and saw it, and it's tan, and it looks like a Camry to me, although I guess it was a GM product. And it's got this turbo LS on it, and it gets out on the track and just freight-trains this twin-turbo Lamborghini, giving credence, once again, to my statement, not $400,000 worth of fast. (engines roaring) - [Mike] I just figured out why Australia's awesome. I don't think they have insurance or lawyers here. - They have 1,200 horsepower cars with four people in 'em with no helmets with the express intent of doing burnouts side-by-side for a quarter mile. There's no fail in this program. Then Gup brought out the big guns, which is his '74 HQ, which is legendary in Australia. It's this bright green thing. He gives rides to everybody at his Powercruise events. It has a 540 in it with a 106-millimeter turbo called Elvis. And this thing makes 1,200 horsepower to the wheels, and it's not really about going fast. It is about blazing tires. (engine rumbles and roars) We've been awake 40 hours now, and we have to go back to the airport and catch another flight for four or five hours, all the way to the other side of the country. So, do the math and that means we've spent two nights on a plane, no hotel room, no shower. Yeah, Australia style. (engine roars) Yesterday was a 36- hour travel day, where we flew from LA and then stopped in Brisbon and... - Ate a koala. - (chuckles) Ate a koala and drove around and raced at Queensland Raceways. And this morning, we're in Perth, no. We're in, what's the trash can say? Joondalup, this is the land of cities with too many vowels. And, we're about to head off to Gup's event called the Powercruise, which apparently is just the burnout fest like we've never, ever seen before, and we're going to drive that. - It looks sort of European, kind of looks like an Audi, but it's a 2006 Holden HQS? - It's an HSV. - HSV? - Yeah, we basically have no idea what it is. - It's a red car with black wheels and 1,200 horsepower. Don't know what it's called, but I know it does this really good. - [] Finally, the real reason that we came. Gup has got this car that is a Holden HSV ClubSport R8, which is a fancy way of saying Pontiac G8 in American. But the thing is, it is loaded with this Sonny Leonard 727-cubic-inch Hemi. It's an all aluminum motor, makes 1,275 horsepower on 91 octane gas. Check out this throttle body, 3,600 CFM. The engine, at Sonny Leonard, with all these options, is like 65 grand. The car, before you even start hacking it up, is 70 grand. And I can't imagine that the guys at Hi-Torque Performance who assembled the whole thing, didn't ring up like another 100K on this deal. I can't believe he's actually giving us the keys to this thing. - Ah, this is weird. - [David] Wrong side? You're taking the bullet. - This is weird. I'm buckling up for sure. This isn't safe at all. (laughs) - [David] When was the last time you drove on the wrong side of the road? - Never in my entire life. - Never been to England, never been to-- - And not with 1,200 horsepower either. (engine rumbles) - It's a button? - Come on, baby. It says check engine oil. I'm just going to ignore that, though. I'm sure they've checked it before they gave us the car. (laughing) - Treat it like a rental, it's not yours. Let's go. - [Mike] Driving in Australia. (laughs) - [David] Don't high-center it on the driveway. (lively R&B; music) - [Mike] Oh, wow! - Ah, traffic! - (laughs) Oh my God! Get out of the way, we're American. Oh wow, traffic circle, okay. - (chuckles) Run for your lives! - I hope there's no pedestrians here. They are screwed if there are. - Bus! Oh dude, wait, wait, wait, wait! - [Mike] We're playing chicken. - (laughs) That was bad. - Hey, you know what, this car has 1,200 horsepower and air conditioning. Let's make it work. - Oh, wow. - You do it, I'm going to concentrate on the left side of the road. - Yeah, I suggest you do that. (engine roars) - Haven't seen any kangaroos yet or koalas. Maybe that's a myth. Maybe they're not really around. - They don't really exist? - Yeah, like that's a myth to lure tourists here, and then you get here and you realize, there's nothing to see. - It worked for us. - Yeah, suckers! (laughs) (engine roars) How do we get off this circle? - [David] This is a roundabout. - [Mike] Yeah, how do we get off this roundabout? - Unfortunately, we're going to have to change lanes, I think. (Mike laughs) You just missed it. That was it over there. - We're going to, dude, this is going to be our third trip around this thing. - [David] Don't worry, people aren't staring. - No, no, not at all. I can't get over. (laughs) All right, dude, I don't care. I'm cutting people off. I'm getting out of the circle right now. - I don't know which way we're going, do you? - I'm going this way. Oh, I'm turning the wipers on, too. (upbeat synth music) - [David] Well, we just took a cruise up by the ocean by Two Rocks. Is that what that was? - [Mike] I was avoiding not hitting two cars, dude. - Neat lagoon, really, really, green pretty water out there. So we made that cruise. I really have no idea what city we're in. Just having a little bit of a charging issue. You really got to keep the RPM up, to keep the batteries charged. And back there at the light, we came to a stop, and the voltage came down, and it died, so we're thinking we're going to cool it off a little bit here. Maybe have a bite to eat and hit the road again. (engine roars) - It's 154 liters a gallon? - I don't know what the 154 is, but it's liters. - Where do you put the card in? - You don't. - Nobody steals gas in Australia. - Apparently. - Very trusting here. - [David] And that premium's 98. - Wow, we've gone like what, 80 miles, and we're out of gas. - Yeah, pretty much, and it has a huge tank. What did we put in the other day, 30? - [Mike] 30 gallons. - Yeah, 30 gallons, and we've gone probably 80 miles, something like that. But one of the things I've figured out is that this being 727 cubic inches, basically, each four-cylinder bank on this motor is the size of a 350 small-block Chevy, so it's like having two 350s. So if those 350s get 12 miles per gallon, this gets six. It all adds up, right? - Adds up to an expensive ride. That's what that adds up to. I wasn't standing there very long. How did I pump 57 liters in it already? How many gallons is that? How many gallons are in a liter? - Pshaw, I'm American. I know nothing. - Okay, so we've been driving a couple hours now. - Dirt. - [Mike] And we've now approached a dirt road in the middle, we're lost, dude. - (laughs) You think Gup minds if we drive his car on dirt? - He might mind a little. You know what I mind though is... - No kangaroos? - No koalas, no kangaroos. I'm starting to think it really is a conspiracy to get tourists here. - Okay, well... But the good news about all of that is that we are in the middle of nowhere with a nice, little paved road. - Burnouts? - You thinking what I'm thinking? - I like burnouts. (engine roars) (laughing) It does good burnouts. - [David] I approve. - Your favorite gauge is not happy right now. See that? - Yep, the engine's hotter than the transmission. I think the... - That's a bad sign. This is a brand new car. How could it be overheating? - (laughs) It has 727 reasons to overheat. - Yeah, but... - I know how to fix it though. - Ooh, why not? Just cause we're in Australia, doesn't mean the rules don't apply. - Wow, there's some unusual bugs on the hood, too. Let's go for the shade over there. Let's go make some laps and cool it down. - I think burnouts would cool it down. - They're leaving nothing on the table with the flies here. (engine roaring) That was a good one. - That was a good one. (laughs) (engine roaring) I feel much better about not seeing koala bears now. (laughing) - [David] Check this guy out. I think this guy spun out and landed there and walked away from his car. - Dude, it does look he's, oh yeah-- - Oh look, he broke the wheel off! - Wheel is busted off. - [David] That's awesome! - He broke the center. He broke the center out of the wheel. - That is cool! - Whoa. We just saw our first roadkill. It's like a purplish-lookin' Ford Festiva or somethin'. I don't know. Looks like he spun out and hit a curb and actually broke the centers out of his wheels, and the car's abandoned over here. I think it's been sitting here for a long time 'cause you can see weeds growing up around it, so we're going to go get a better look. What, do I stink or something? Look at this car. This is the image that Gup has in his brain right now. - Of what we're doing to his-- - [Mike] Of what we're doing to his car. (laughs) - Completely. - I'm taking a spoke with me. I got a souvenir. - Wow, this thing's hashed. Do you think it was parking break turn or what? You can see the skids where they came right around here. I wonder if they thought that they were going to be slick and like drift it around and keep going, and they failed. Pop the hood, let's see if it has a battery. Nope! - [Mike] Hey, it's kind of like a motor. - Only smaller. This is like one cylinder's worth of Gup's motor. (hood bangs) - All right, I'm done with the flies. Let's get back in the car. (David laughs) (easy-going rock music) - [David] (spits) Yuck! Well, now we can say that we've done hellacious burnouts on two continents. It's been a pretty good day, but it's time to wrap it up, try and sleep for the first time on this trip, and hit Powercruise in the morning. (engine roars) (fast-paced rock music) (engines roaring) So we're here at some track I can't even pronounce, looking at cars I don't even recognize, but I know a good turbo blower and nitrous when I see it, and every car here has one. What Gup has put together is kind of like the ultimate cruise night with no cops. Unfortunately, guys in other countries flat out have more balls at car shows than Americans do, and I know it's an outrageous statement, a lot of people are going to be really upset with that, but these guys are all about the throttle. They're not showing up with their baby dolls that they're leaning up against the car. They're not riding their lawn chair all day. It is about showing up and smoking tires. They bring stacks of tires with them to burn them to the rim, seriously. Why don't we do this? (engines roaring) - (laughs) This is the last day of Powercruise, and this is the power-skidding finals, so I guess the goal here is to turn your tires to barbecue sauce, keep the car going as straight as you can, don't use the breaks, don't lift. Just make as much smoke as you possibly can. (engines roaring) Oh my God, orange smoke. No (bleep) way. How the hell do you make orange smoke? - Finnegan has been doing most of the driving around with a 727 cubic inches, and I wanted to one-up him, and so Gup hooked me up with Frank Gaffiero, who has this truck that has 1,500 cubic inches and 2,200 horsepower and weighs eight tons. Watch this. (engine rumbling) (horn honks) (engine roars) (laughs) It was really weird to be out there in this giant truck, towering above these little cars all circling around us. (engine roars) The thing that makes this thing crazy is it only runs about mid-12s in a quarter mile, about 110 miles an hour, but it just lights up the tires so easily. (engine roars) But the real fun part of it was taking the giant semi-truck and doing that big donut at the end, making smoke everywhere. (engine roars) (laughs) Well, dude, you failed us on the kangaroos but left nothing on the table when it comes to burnout action. This thing has been a lot of fun. (laughs) - Did you have a good time with it yesterday? You took it out the highway for a drive? - Yeah, we puttered around a little bit. It was good. We learned to drive, you know. - Did you behave yourself? - Oh, completely babied it. (engine roaring) - Since you didn't do anything in it yesterday, I guess the only thing to do now is rock, paper, scissors. Who's going to take it in the race tonight? - You going to let us race the thing? - I'll let you race it! - Ready, rock, paper, scissors. Smash, again! I always win this. - I quit. - Get out of the way, I'm racing. - No, you're not. You're in the wrong side of the car, dude. (laughing) - [David] Okay, let's just go ahead and say that I intentionally gave up the seat in the drag race because there is no chance he's making it through this drag race. He's going to blow the tires off the thing, possibly put it into the wall, and I don't want to be that guy. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Mike Finnegan. - [Mike] I'm about to go street racing on a drag strip, in a car that I've never holeshotted before, on drag radials that I'm not allowed to do a burnout on to warm up. This is going to be awesome. I roll up to the starting line for race number one, and I think they cherry-picked somebody for me because I was at the back of the line, and they sent me around to the front of the line and line me up with some dude. I don't know who he was. And I just kind of gingerly rolled it off the line, made sure the tires were hooked, and then gave it maybe a quarter of a throttle and drove by this guy for an easy win. (engine roars) That was a little too easy. Okay, so my next race is a white four-door Holden Commodore. Looks like something my grandma would take to church, but since everything here is supercharged or running N2O, that's nitrous for you kids at home, you never know, this guy could be something stout. What do you got in there? - Ah, it's all chrome. Don't worry. It doesn't run for shit. (engines roaring) Okay, that wasn't exactly fair for the other guy. I left him like he was chained to the pole behind him. - [David] He's not doing bad, but I can't deny that it looks like they are putting up ringers in this race, and by ringer, I mean the slowest guy they can find to line up with him. - [Mike] So, I come back around, and I'm feeling pretty cocksure about myself. That's a good-looking car right there. (engine roars) Be a damn shame when I send him packing. This one's for America. (laughs) (engines roaring) (sad trombone music) Ah shit, man. (bleep) In the third race, I don't know what happened, but I just floored it off the line. The car unhooked. When I realize it's not accelerating, I shift into high gear and give it even more gas 'cause I'm an idiot. - [David] All of a sudden there's a moment where the thing kicks really sideways, and he's got to choose between the wall, Australia, jail, and a car owner who's way bigger than him, or he gets to just look like a chump, and he chose chump, which actually is what I would have done as well. - [Mike] And as the much slower and crappier car pulls away from the most expensive Holden ever built, all I want to do is choke the hell out of a koala 'cause I just lost a race I should have won. Sorry, America, we just got our asses kicked. - I said to him, you should use first gear. That might give you a bit more of a drive. Probably use the first gear as well. I used first gear, he used too much pedal, smoked the tires, and then he stayed on it while he went to second gear. It looked good, but he lost. - [Mike] This is going to sound like an excuse, but the Holden is utterly useless in a drag race. It's too much torque, too little tire, too little talent on the part of the driver. Now that I've lost and I can't race anymore, they can't exactly kick me out for smoking the tires now, can they? (engine roars) - Look, now he's smoking it up there. (engine roars) - [Mike] (laughs) It makes good smoke. I think the tires are defective. (Gup laughs) Should I do a burnout right next to him with his own car? (engine roars) (laughs) That was great. (engine roars) - What did we learn? - We learned that you struggled awfully hard to cheat me out of the driver's seat, so that you could embarrass yourself. - I'm not embarrassed. (David laughs) You see the smoke I made? - [David] I did. - Here, there, and up there. - What I actually saw was the moment that you made the choice not to crash Gup's car. You wanted to win really badly, but you just couldn't pile it into the chingadera there. - Well, he's bigger than me. - [David] (laughs) Yes, quite a bit larger-- - I'm almost positive he owns most of Australia, so yeah, I wasn't getting out of here alive if I wrecked his car. - So, we like the car, we blame him for the lack of kangaroo, we're done. - Yeah, Jesus, where's the koalas in this place? - No koalas, no duck-billed platypus, no dingos, just tire smoke. (engine roars) What is the story, that they brought rabbits here, and the rabbits ate all the kangaroo, and the kangaroo ate all the capybara or something like that? I forget exactly how it goes. - You notice there was no Fosters anywhere we went? - No, they don't drink that stuff. - No Foster's, no Paul Hogan. - Not one person has said crikey to me. Can you guys work on that? (laughing) Actually, you know what the secret is? We didn't even film this episode in Australia. This is actually Northern California. - We're in Palm Springs right now. - We just drove on the wrong side of the street the whole time. (laughs) - It feels like we're in Palm Springs. - Our budget's that low. - This is long, you want us to do it all over? Why don't we end it with, next time on RoadKill, we jump a cat with bus. Next time on RoadKill, we jump a cat with a bus! - And the bus only gets this much air. (laughing) - Poor kitty. See, now it's his fault. (spits) - Oh, that was a fly on the tooth! Right on the tooth! (laughs) Chew that up and call it protein. - Your country's kind of buggy. The race tracks in Australia are very scenic. Still, no freaking kangaroos. - [David] Dude, this is YouTube. You're supposed to shut the video off the second the credits roll. But if you didn't, here's your bonus, four minutes of insane burnout action. (engines roaring and tires squealing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 