Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e9 - Surviving HOT ROD Drag Week! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 9 - Surviving HOT ROD Drag Week! - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, HOT RODs David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan hit the road with 500 of their friends for Drag Week. Its the most brutal test anywhere of real drag-racing, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On this special episode of Road Kill, we're going on a drag racing road trip with 500 of our friends. (car engine) (squealing tires) (rock music) - This is Road Kill, which is the show where normally we are out there destroying ourselves for your entertainment, this time, we're going to force other guys to wreck themselves. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's Hot Rod Drag Week, where we take 180 drag cars, some of them with like 2,500 horsepower, we make them run five drag strips in five days and drive 1,400 miles. There is major wreckage involved. - I don't know why anybody listens to us. I wouldn't have agreed to that. - And they're doing it all for a jacket. - Suckers. - Watch these chumps. (car engine) (upbeat music) - This is Tulsa, Oklahoma, day one. Registration and class inspection and test and tune. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - [Voiceover] Drag Week started claiming victims before we even started racing. I was interviewing Bob Larson about a broken axle on his car when I heard an awful noise. - You done broke that right in half. (engine rumbling) I heard a turbo car spooling up for a launch and then an ugly noise. - [Voiceover] We ran over to find Doug Klein's Camaro smashed. Luckily, the only thing really damaged was Doug's pride. The sheet metal and front suspension took the brunt of the hit, but he was fine. The cause of the accident was a leaking intercooler reservoir that threw water on the track in front of his rear tires. It cast a small cloud over the event because we really hadn't even started racing yet. (car engine rumbling) - [Voiceover] This is Tulsa Raceway Park where we're going to start and end Drag Week this year. We stopped here last year and the traction was just so killer that we had to come back. (engine roaring) - [Voiceover] Larry Larson has won Drag Week four times in his '66 Nova, so he knows what he's doing. It'll be real interesting to see if he can stay ahead of the pack this year. (engine roaring) - [Voiceover] Wow, Larry just ran a 6.94, the quickest pass he's ever run, and the quickest pass anyone's ever done at Hot Rod Drag Week. - The '55 Chevy over there in the right lane, the guy that owns it built it in 1970. Made his own straight axle for it. It's been in moth balls ever since. His kid just talked him into dragging it out and they're doing Drag Week together for the first time ever. (engine roaring) I forgot about that. The one thing his kid asked him to change was the clutch 'cause it's 30 years old. Dad didn't change it. That's what I smell right now. Bye bye clutch. - [Voiceover] Todd Maschmeier has won the modified Power Adder class before in his 1968 Camaro and he's back again with Travis Gilpin behind the wheel to defend the title. (engines roaring) - [Voiceover] Oh, yeah, look at the wagon go! - The Camaro went 7.79 at 179, that station wagon just went 8.37, one turbo. - [Voiceover] This is Jeff Lutz and his twin turbo '57 Chevy and he's run Drag Week with us for a few years and that's what's going to give him an edge here. Not only is the car capable of the ET's he needs to run to catch up with Larry Larson, but he knows what it's like out there on the road. He is going to be prepared for anything. (engine revving) Lutz showed us what he's got with a 7.16 at 212 miles an hour, the fastest mile an hour we've ever seen at Drag Week. We'll see if he can hold this thing together. - [Voiceover] Repairs were already underway in the pits as racing came to an end on day one. We spotted Jeff Lutz getting his welder out of his trailer to help a few other competitors. (welding machine rumbles) We were just about to leave. Everybody's tired, hot, hungry, when Jeff Lutz fired up his '57 Chevy and heard something he didn't like. Jacked up the car, crawled under it, found a broken torque converter bolt. Doesn't have the bolt, but he's going to limp it to the next track with five out of six. Five out of six ain't bad. It's four P.M., we've been here since about eight in the morning. This is the mess that happens in the pits afterwards as everybody packs everything they've got to go drag racing into a little trailer. Racing's done, we're heading for Texas. - [Voiceover] We left Tulsa and headed to the nearest gas station. And wouldn't you know it, after a couple of unlimited racers topped off their tanks, the station ran out of gas. - So the wagon's overheating. So they bought a garden sprayer, filled it up full of water. The passenger's going to pump the thing while they drive and a little hose is going to shoot water at the front of their radiator. Hopefully to cool it off while they're driving. When that doesn't work, they'll take the hood off like I told them to. (engine rumbling) - [Voiceover] 14 hundred miles doesn't seem like that big of a deal for a regular car, but you put a serious street strip car in traffic and suddenly overheating becomes a real issue. Not 20 miles outside of Tulsa, we found cars dropping like flies, overheated on the side of the road in 90 degree temperatures. - It's 8:40 at night, we've been on the road maybe five, six hours. We've gone a total of 40 miles. We just stopped under an overpass and found Schroeder and his buddy from Canada and their '66 'vette on the side of the road with a dead battery. So, they're fixing that right now while I'm sitting here taking pictures of their misery. At the rate we're going, we're going to get to the track tomorrow when it opens and we're probably not sleeping tonight. - We've got some beers here, so we need just ice. (laughs) - [Voiceover] Another 20 miles down the road, another broken car. This time it's Todd Maschmeier. He hit the bridge with his car, took out the crossmember to the motor, smashed the oil pan, the transmission pan. Now he's got a welder to fix it. (rock music playing) - [Voiceover] Before the night was over, we caught up with Shawn Fink and Brian Macy who were having a big of charging system issues with their panel wagon. - That's our new alternator. It kind of keeps up until you go slow and then not so good, but hopefully we make it through. - [Voiceover] And by the way, the hood was off the car. (rock music) - [Voiceover] Day two of Hot Rod Drag Week finds us in Ennis, Texas at Texas Motorplex. (engines roaring) There was a new class this year called Super Street Power Adder and what's interesting about it is that we make the small blocks and the big blocks run together. Rick Prospero's got the '65 Nova wagon with a turbo big block and Tim Reed brought back his '79 Pinto that has a turbo LSX GM small block in it. Both of these cars are capable of running 7.90's. - [Voiceover] Tim Reed has gone as fast as 8.005 here at Drag Week in his '79 Pinto. His goal is to get into the sevens. He is that close, so we came over to give him an interview and his dad Al is polishing the wheel and the steering doesn't look great. What's happening? - (laughs) Well, Sunday we broke the uh... He did a big wheelie and broke the rack so we've been fighting it the last couple of days. - [Mike] He broke the oil pan too, huh? - And broke the oil pan. - [Mike] Alright, so I imagine Tim's off trying to get some steering parts? - Yeah, yeah, he's at the O'Reilly's getting the parts. - [Mike] Are you guys going to make another hit on it today? - Yeah, we're going to try to make two more hits. The wax job I'm putting on it, you know, is going to make it a little slicker. So that ought to get that half a second. - [Mike] Oh, yeah, that's like race stickers. That's good for ten or 20 horsepower right there. Awesome, alright, well, good luck. - Hey, thank you man. - We'll see you later. (engine roaring) - [Voiceover] Tim Reed finally got his Pinto into the seven's with a 7.99 second pass and then Rick Perspero answered with his own seven second pass, A 7.93. (engines roaring) The question is, can Rick keep it together for the rest of Drag Week? Dodge Ram, single turbo on a Viper motor went 9.09 at 148 yesterday. Today, not so good. What happened fellas? - Blew a head gasket. - [Mike] Blew a head gasket? What did you do, up the boost some more or was it just time for it to go? - It was the same, I just think it was time for it to go so it's got about 50 dyno pulls in it and, but we just, I mean, we got a dyno last week and so it's fresh, very fresh combination. - [Mike] Cool, did you guys find a gasket to replace it? - [Dominique] Yes, sir. - [Mike] Cool, going to make another hit today or just fix it and hit the road? - If we can get back on the road, I'd be happy. - [Man] Yeah. - [Mike] Alright, cool, good luck guys. [Voiceover] What they thought was just a blown head gasket turned out to be a torched head and block and since V10 parts are hard to come by in Tulsa, the Dodge was out. - Dad's bringing his son an axle for his eight and 3/4 Dodge rear end. Going in his old Ram pickup. How's that for service? So did you guys get to make a lap today? - Made one, but it was about two seconds off due to the set backs. - [Mike] So how quick can you guys do this 'cause it looks like you've done it before. - [Man] Hopefully, we'll be done here in about 20 minutes. - [Mike] 20 minutes for an axle change, I like it. Clock's ticking, go for it. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick... How much nitrous? - [Man] Oh 150 shot, correct? - [Mike] 150 shot? That's a crappy axle if I ever saw one. (laughs) Nice work, Dodge. Call it experience, call it luck, call it being a general bad ass, but Larry Larson makes this look easy. We just talked to him and found out he had all kinds of problems himself. Pulled over by the cops, got lost, left the hotel this morning, got a flat tire. And then on his first hit, broke a sprag in his Lenco transmission, so he's got some repairs to make and he's definitely got to make another run 'cause he knows everybody else is gunning for him. (engine roaring) - [Voiceover] Despite last night's roadside troubles, Maschmeier's Camaro goes 7.68 at a buck 81. - We're standing here with Todd Maschmeier and Travis Gilpin after your pretty much epic pass. Last night, this car was strewn out all over the highway like a yardsale, what happened? - We were outside of Muskogee and hit a big bump in the road and knocked the crossmember out and knocked a big hole in the transmission pan. Some very nice people come to save the day and rescued us. Brought a welder and a generator and we sit there for about two and a half, three hours and got it fixed. Got back on the road, struggled to get here, got, well, we didn't even go to sleep last night. - What did it go, 4.99 to half track? - 4.99 to the eight, yep. Went 1.2864 which is our best sixty foot too, so. - So, hit the road now, make it to the next stop? - That'll be it. - That's the plan. - Alright, good luck fellas. - Thank you, man. - Thanks. - [Voiceover] In pro street naturally aspirated, we've got two time winner Doc McEntire coming back with his '68 Camaro. Naturally aspirated, this car has almost run an eight and that's his goal for this week. (engine roaring) - [Announcer] 121 at the eighth mile, McEntire get it flat footed goes 8.92 and a three, baby. - Congratulations, man. - Thank you. - How did the pass feel? - Beautiful, 1.23 and a sixty. - Nice. You picked up a whole bunch. - You can't believe the timing curve I built for that to run that. - [Mike] Really? It's Aggressive? - [Doc] No - [Mike] Soft? - [Doc] Soft - [Mike] And it didn't blow the tires off finally. - [Doc] Yep, it was perfect. - [Mike] Wow, less is more, nice. It's about time you did your job. (laughing) You going to hit the road or? - [Doc] Yeah, I'm done, man. - [Mike] Alright - Going to nurse it along, get to Friday and see if I can get that third jacket. - [Mike] Awesome. - [Voiceover] With the rest of the class more than a second off his pace, all Doc McEntire's got to do now is finish Drag Week and he'll take the win in pro street naturally aspirated. - Day two of Drag Week kicked off with my favorite Canadian, Dave Schroeder. You've been here before with a '55 Chevy looking like the two lane black top car, I loved it. This thing off the trailer was an animal. How quick did you go on day one? - Yeah, day one we went 7.32 at 195. I was really thrilled about. And that was with two stages and it's let a lot more in it. - [Voiceover] Schroeder and Ens Corvette made the fastest nitrous pass in the history of Drag Week. A 7.32 on day one, we lost them on day two after battery failures and overheating took the car out. - [Voiceover] This is Elana. She's a new staff member on Hot Rod. And we figured that her first Drag Week should be trial by fire, so we threw her in the car with this guy. - It's day two, we're here at Texas Motorplex and I'm about to go for a ride with Randy. Randy, what are we riding in? - My '91 Mustang with twin turbos. - And this little green car's kind of quick. - Yeah, it's run as fast as 8.49 at 164. - Does it have air conditioning? - Uh, yeah, you roll down the windows and you go 40 miles an hour and the air conditions you. - It's going to be a long drive. (bouncy music) (laughing) - So wild. - You want to go 1182? - Yeah, sorry, I just missed the turn. I'm a lousy navigator. (twangy music) - My girl can ride faster than you. I'm trying to talk her into marrying me she's really cool. (laughs) - I'm living in two lane black top. - You know what always upsets me though when I go through most of these school zones? - What? There's no kids? - Yeah, it's like, okay, show me what I can kill. (record squealing) - You're not supposed to kill the kids. That's the whole point of the school zone. People totally frown on that. - Kids should be eaten, not heard. (laughing) - [Voiceover] We're on the road coming out of Ennis, Texas, The Motorplex, and we spotted this little dinky drag strip that we had to check out. Cedar Creek Dragway, middle of nowhere Texas. This is America. - [Voiceover] Today we're cruising with Brian Lohnes who's been a friend of mine for a long time he's out announcer for Drag Week. He's a hard core drag racing historian so it didn't take much for me to convince him to pull over at this cool old drag strip in the middle of nowhere. It's one of the last, or maybe not the last, it's one of the Grassroots, outlaw, non-sanctioned drag strips around and it's been here 50 years. The same over here has owned it for 30 and it's just got so much character. I mean the burn out box is worn deep, the place has been around so long. But it's all concrete and nice wall, nice tree, they're gluing the place, got a nice tower. This is really Grassroots drag racing. We wouldn't have Drag Week if it weren't for guys sort of finding their way at little tracks like this. - [Brian] So it was a high speed game of chicken, essentially? (laughing) - This right here was the original drag strip. You can see the lines on it and such. And this is the new one they put in in 1986. - The tree was on that concrete block up there. - Oh, I see the block yeah, look at that. - Yeah, the pole sticking up. - [David] Here, check this out. So this is the center block where the Christmas tree used to slide in, you just drop them in so they can take them out later. That's cool. - To think that two guys ran jet dragsters down this thing in the threes-- - That wide. - Yeah. - Side by side and this is about as wide as a freeway lane in L.A. (laughing) - [Voiceover] What could be better than having a junkyard on the side of the drag strip? That's essentially what this guy's got going on here. He's got a big collection of '50's cars and some worthless stuff, but inside he had a TransAm, this early Camaro, a Tri-Five Chevy, good stuff. We got to hit it, onto Louisiana. (upbeat music) - [David] 12 hundred bucks? Get out, that is a '64-5ish Nova for 12 hundred bucks or trade, how much is that camera worth? Chevy II 100, it's the low end one, it's pretty rusty. Good looking from afar but far from good looking. - [Voiceover] Keith Harrison's a Drag Week veteran but this is his first time with a '55 Chevy running in our gasser class. Unfortunately, he was fighting fuel pump problems. And this is Luther Duncan in a '70 Maverick with an old school small block and a four speed. The cool thing here is that the engine was built by Eddie Miller who is a past Drag Week champion. (engine roaring) (upbeat music) - [Voiceover] Now we're at Thunder Road in Louisiana. A lot of people thought this was going to be the sketchy track, the groove is really narrow. Guys have been hooking up pretty good. The surprise though, is Larry Larson. He just ran like an 8.50 banging and farting all the way down the track. Sometimes I wonder if he does that for the show. That's what he did yesterday and then he pulls it off at the last second and puts down a number that keeps him just in the lead. Makes good drama for us. (engine roaring) - [Announcer] He's going to the six, it's down to the eight mile, 166, Jeff Lutz goes out. Seven flat on the two. - We just finished up, we went 7.00 at 212. We're headed to Memphis early. Drag Week, 2012, here we come. (honking) - [Voiceover] Maschmeier's bad luck continued when the 605 Chevy into the hood of the Camaro ate a cam and a set of lifters the night before running. (motor roaring) He still went 8.11 at a buck 74 in Gilliam. - [Voiceover] Contrary to popular belief, winning Drag Week is not about averaging the lowest ET in your class, it's about beating the road. Breakdowns are the norm, they're not the exception to the rule and we're cruising down the road here and just saw Vince and his Firebird laid up here with a bunch of broken valve springs. As per usual, a bunch of other competitors stopped. They're helping him out, they'll get him back on the road. One of the major hurdles of Drag Week is getting everything you need from one track to the next and so guys are hauling little trailers. Eric Yoast's team, they built their own trailer and it's nice, man, this is aluminum, bead rolled, TIG welded. What do we got going on here? - Basically, we got everything we need on the trip. If we happen to break anything, I got everything to rebuild an entire transmission, converter, got our pit bikes if we need to ride around, cooler full of ice. - [Mike] Keg? - [Man] Yeah. - [Mike] Nice touch. - [Man] Yeah. - How much do you think you've got into this thing? - 150 bucks. (laughs) - PT Cruiser axle is all we paid for and the rest is just scrap that some race teams have donated over the years. - [Mike] I love the wheels. Makes a good hood holder for an overheating car. You could hide from the police inside of here. I mean, if you needed to, I'm not saying you need to. - Whatever you like to do. - We're broke down on the side of the road, but we've got the best trailer ever and some pretty damn cold beer so everything's alright. (horn honking) (twangy music) - [Voiceover] In day four, we're at Memphis International Raceway. (engine roaring) (tires squealing) Memphis isn't kind to Lutz or Larson. They're both having trouble getting their cars down the racetrack. - Struck a rocker on 'em. Must have broke it on the first hit and that's why it slowed down a little bit. (sputtering) - [Announcer] Oh, he lifted at 300 feet. - [Voiceover] After an aborted attempt at making a run down the drag strip, Larry ripped apart his rear end to find a smashed ring and pinion. - Ooh, yeah, pieces. (drilling) - [Voiceover] The scramble was on to find spare parts, not to make another pass at Memphis, but to get back to Tulsa and make his last pass on day five of Drag Week. When we caught up with Todd Maschmeier and Travis Gilpin, neither guy had slept more than four hours during all of Drag Week. They ended up limping the Camaro into Memphis, Tennessee on six cylinders. The duo had every intention of hitting the six cylinder powered Camaro with three stages of nitrous to try and hold their lead over Brian Goldstone, but when the car wouldn't do a burnout in the water box, they knew they had to call it quits. They broke the beam and got themselves a 20 second ET and that was it for them at Drag Week. - It looked like you guys intended to make a lap. - Yeah. - And then what changed? - It wouldn't do a burnout. Our intent was to make a lap and if it blew up, it blew up and whatever we were on our way to camp, out to comp to pick up a can of lifters and put it together tonight and drive, but... - [Mike] You haven't slept in four days. - We got three hours of sleep, two nights ago. Like I said, hitting the bridge that first night... It put everything behind. There's all kinds of bearings and roller tips in the bottom of that pan right now. - [Mike] Playing ping pong. - Mhm. - That's never good. - I'm sure we'll be back next year. Thank you, Mike. - [Mike] Thank you. (engine roaring) - [Voiceover] Jeff Lutz 7.14 pass was enough to give him a one hundredth of a second lead heading back to Tulsa, so I decided to hop in his '57 Chevy and find out what was on his mind as he headed into the home stretch with the lead. (twangy music) - [Mike] We just left Memphis International Raceway. Not more than ten miles ago, we heard a chirp, just didn't sound right, he didn't like it. I didn't like that he didn't like it, so we pulled over to find out what's going on. He thinks we might have a broken lifter which, that's not good because we've got 400 miles to go. And I think he's got lifters, but we don't have another camshaft so this is going to get interesting right now. (drill running) - Oh. - [Mike] Wow, Jeff Lutz just saved his engine from disaster. That noise he was hearing as we were driving was at least this lifter, maybe more, that stopped rolling. This was basically skidding along on the lobe of the camshaft wearing the roller and the camshaft out. And once you do that, metal goes through the motor, parts play ping pong, bad things happen, and he doesn't get to Tulsa tomorrow to try to win this thing, so, he's got a spare set of these and hopefully a new camshaft waiting for him in Tulsa. And he'll get this thing bandaged up and we'll drive 415 miles tonight and make it there. (engine rumbling) - [Mike] Wow. We're about an hour from Tulsa, we're... It's been raining and the road is super wet and these giant meats in the back are not happy about it. We are literally just skating all over the road right now so we pulled over, took a little break. We're going to crawl right now, maybe like ten miles an hour tops so we can keep making some time. Oh, wow, it's cold. Almost made it to the last check point before the last day, not quite, the rain stopped us so going to crash here in the car for the night and hit the road in the morning. We're done for tonight. - [Voiceover] Day five and we're back where we started, Tulsa, Oklahoma. It's raining here today and, if it doesn't dry up soon, we're just not sure if we're going to get this race done or not. - Alright, everybody, listen up, in about 30 seconds we have the announcement on the fate of the event coming and yeah, give us 30 seconds. Well, unfortunately, as you can tell, the weather has been junk today and it's not looking like it's going to get much better before tomorrow afternoon, so I'm going to dodge the flying fruit when I tell everybody that this thing is done. The event has been ended, we're-- - [David] What are you saying? - What? - [Mike] No, no, no, not ended. - Okay, Brian just completely choked. (laughs) - [Brian] You said I was pulling the plug. - Nope. Here's the deal. I'm standing here right now thinking you know what, we need to race this thing. There's a ten percent chance of rain at noon tomorrow, we're going to run. (crowd cheering) - We're back at Tulsa here today, which is Saturday and it's not raining yet and so we're doing our best we can to get all these guys down the track. (engine roaring) - [Mike] Tommy here, in his unlimited class '57 Chevy, found out the hard way there was plenty of traction on that racetrack right now. What happened Tommy? - We had tuned up the car to make a really good pass, try to get the car to the H today and whenever I let go of the trans brake, it came up pretty hard and it was on a good pass and then it came down and whenever it did, it broke both front shocks on the car. - [Mike] I imagine you'll fix that up and be back next year. - We'll fix it, we'll probably bring the '57 back and possibly bring a second car, too. - Thank you, I'll see you further down. - Alright. - [Voiceover] Perspero got in line to make a pass right in front of Tim Reed, but about 300 feet into the run, something definitely went wrong. - Well, we hurt the transmission on that last pass. Sounded like second gear went bad, so we had our spare from the very first time, we're sticking it back in right now. - Tim just ran a 7.94, he needs a 7.91 to beat us, so that's why we want to make one more bonsai pass to see if we can get it down into the sevens again. - We are less than one hundredth apart right now, so we put nitrous on it about an hour ago and we're going to go out and spray it and see what happens. - [Voiceover] Perspero pulled off a miracle getting his Powerglide back together and in the car to make another pass, but he did not go any faster than his previous run. Tim Reed's gamble of adding nitrous to turbos didn't pay off. - Ended up blowing the spark out about 500 feet. I'll be back next year. - [Voiceover] In the end, Larry Larson came from behind to beat Jeff Lutz by less than one hundredth of a second and earned his fifth consecutive unlimited class title. His '66 Nova is Hot Rod Magazine's fastest street care in America. (engine roaring) Drag Week is an anomaly. We don't give you a dime if you win this event. All you get is a jacket and the pride that comes with having a seriously fast street car. Join us next month for another episode of Road Kill and watch Freiburger and I destroy ourselves for your entertainment. - Does Goose throw a blender? - Yeah. - Let's make some margaritas. - Mix us up a margarita. - What are we waiting on? (engines roaring) (laughter) - [Man] Oh, my god, he went into the center lane. (engine roaring) - [Announcer] (undecipherable mumbling) at 141 miles an hour Eric Yoast goes 7.60 with a five. (engines roaring) (motor roaring) (announcer mumbling) (cars racing) (announcer mumbling) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 