Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e6 - Thrash Battle! Van vs Wagon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 6 - Thrash Battle! Van vs Wagon - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan go head-to head in an epic driving competition that's really just an excuse for some hilarious, needless car bashing. The ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On this episode of Roadkill, - Finnegan's going to have yet again his best day at work. - Damn right. (engine cranks) (tires screech) (fast rock music) (plastic cracking) - You know, on Roadkill, we've pretty much proven that we can do anything and somehow it entertains somebody, even when we dis Lamborghinis. And so when we ran out of time 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to do an actual good show this time, we decided to go with gratuitous violence. - This will be the best show ever. (car squeals) (crashes loudly) - We needed a couple of parts cars for project vehicles that we're working on in the magazie. I was looking for a small block Chrysler and an automatic transmission for it. And then, we also needed a full-sized GM chassis for a body drop project that we want to do. - Freiburger's a busy guy, so he gave me the job of finding the cars. And the two cars I picked were dirt cheap. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 One was an '87 Buick Electra station wagon, the one that seats nine people with the seat in the back that faces the wrong way, so kids can yell at cars behind them. And the other one was a 1993 Dodge Ram conversion van. We decided to have some competitions with them. Before you see it, I just want you to pick one. The one on the left or the one on the right. - [David] Left. - [Mike] Okay. - [David] Okay. (David gasps) I see a van! Oh, I choked. I should've gone right. What's on the left? Wagon! Oh, dude, this is just like the Pontiac I had when I was a teenager. (Mike laughs) I own this. I've been in every dirt road in Southern California in one of these. This is mint! The headliner's not even falling out of it. Dude, I'm keeping this. - Everything works, even the cruise control. It seats nine. - [David] We can't ruin this car. This is better than my daily driver. - Hey, hey, check the horn. (horn honks) Train horn. - Very familiar, it has a 700R4 in it, dude. It has overdrive. - This is money. - Does this have an Oldsmobile in it or is it a Buick model? - [Mike] 307. - 307 Olds? - [Mike] Yup. - In the Buick. - It makes a whoppin' 140 horsepower. And this thing weighs 4,300 pounds. - Oh, I don't care. I can throw this thing around like no tomorrow. You choked. Show me the van, though. - You ready for this? Porno van. Check it out! (David laughs) Captain's chairs, the rear couch folds into a bed. - Sweet! - It's got a TV, a VCR. - It's got a lot of DNA. - Supposedly, 220 horsepower, back in the day. (laughs) This is over 5,000 pounds. - This could not be more perfect. This is awesome. - [Mike] Are you ready? ♫ Bow chicka bow bow ♫ - I fee like I'm in Vegas. Oh, this is going to be genius. Let's get to it. The first thing I think we should do is drag race them to see who's actually got more power. (bangs loudly) - I think I'm going to lose that one (laughs), but whatever. (buzzes) - I'm going to run into him right now. (engine revs) (David laughs) Oh, this thing has a broken motor mount. (David laughs) I normally have a lot of respect for old cars. The idea of bashing on these was kind of buggin' me, but the truth is conversion vans are worthless. We would've never done anything with that. - [Mike] Yeah, baby! - [David] And the Buick wasn't as good as it looks. And it won't pass smog, which in California makes it worthless. (rock music) Okay, here's the deal. I'm going to honk three times. On the third one, go. And the first one through those two cones wins. - [Mike] Your mother! (car honking) (engines rev) Come on, van. - [David] See ya. (David laughs) (tires squeal) - [Mike] Dude, I want one more lap. I guarantee you don't get there before I do. I got something special. - [David] Are you going to neutral slam it? - [Mike] Hell yeah! (David laughs) - [David] Ready? (car honks) (rock music) (tires screech) - [Mike] I pulled the only move a cheatin' SOB would, I pit maneuvered him, so he couldn't finish the race. - [David] So not cool! - If you don't finish, you can't win. (tires squeal) (Mike laughs) There's no better feeling in life than watching your boss loop out a car after you've crashed into him on purpose. I don't think that's going to buff out. (Mike laughs) (hard rock music) - The magazine has a permanent Autocross setup at El Toro that we use for vehicle testing, but it's new. And so we're not that familiar with it, and we both had to take some practice laps. - And then we we were going to do two time laps. The best lap time wins the deal. - I won't jag you on the time if you don't jag me. - [Mike] I don't need any extra help. - Okay, are you ready? (exhales sharply) Yes, sir. - [David] One, two, three! (intense rock music) (tire squeals) - [Mike] Yeah! (tires squeal) Get 'er done! - [David] He's rockin' the van! (intense rock music) (tires squeal) Here he comes! Got it! Dude! (laughs) That was impressive, 128. It looked brilliant! - [Mike] Dude, I can do better than that. There's a severe lack of traction in the corners, on this thing. Unhook, and all that brute torque, just spinnin' the tires. - Oh, if you had a posi, you'd be unstoppable. - [Mike] Dude. - I actually, there's a little bit of fear in me right now. - [Mike] You should be afraid. This next run, I'm lettin' it all hang out. - Okay, I'm ready. (rock music) - [Mike] After the first lap, I knew I was losing time in some of the corners where the thing just didn't have any traction. And so I made a few corrections on lap number two, which I felt pretty good about. - [David] Ooh, he's pickin' up the pace. I think he's ahead. Oh, dude! (David laughs) 126, two seconds down! That's awesome, but I can beat it. - I had Chinese for lunch. You know what my fortune cookie said? - [David] I lose? - You're going to loop this bitch out at the end of the track down there. - [David] If only. (David laughs) - [Mike] But good luck, though. Okay, ready? - [David] Yup. - [Mike] Go! (tires squeal) Oh, that hubcaps comin' off. (tires squeal) (rock music) (tires squealing) - [David] Oh, this is getting too close. (tires squeal loudly) Well? - You lose! - [David] No! I lost by 0.8! (David screams) - No, no, I went 126. - [David] Yeah, but you went 128 the first time. This thing is gutless, and the steering is really slow. And I got lost, so. - I blame the driver completely. I think the car is perfect. - [David] I'm just going to take the parking brake off now. - Don't make me get in here and whoop your ass in your own car, all right. - [David] Okay, I can't let that happen again. That was bad. - Being that I'm giving you almost a thousand pound weight advantage. All right, ready? Three, two, one! (intense rock music) Oh, you look smoother. He doesn't look as good as I looked, but he looks smoother. One minute, this is not good. He's picked up a lot of time. - [David] Now my second lap, when I actually went around the course like I was supposed to, and kind of had to hang a bit, I went a 119. Nine seconds quicker than my first lap. And on an Autocross, nine seconds is light years. - Holy-- (tires screech) Guy picks up nine seconds. (tires screech) What, did you find your balls or something in the last turn? (David laughs) 119.3. - [David] Thank you! - [Mike] I want to go again. That ain't fair. (David laughs) Five practice laps. - [David] And so of course, I won the Autocross. (crashes loudly) - All the Autocross really proved was that Freiburger had a better handling car. I wanted to do an event that would showcase who's the better driver. So next we moved on to our obstacle avoidance challenge. - Here's the plan. Rockford, the old reverse 180. We're going to speed down this way, flip the car around. The goal is maximum action through the boxes, and then you got to get through the two cars without hittin' 'em. - Thread the needle with the van. - [David] That's it. - I like it. - [David] I'm going first. - All right. - [David] The key to doing a Rockford is to nail it in reverse. And what you want to do is lift off the throttle and spin the steering wheel at the same time. And the car will come around and just at the right moment you have to from reverse to drive. (tires squeal) (both laugh) - [Mike] So Freiburger set the rules up for this deal and yeah, he did the 180, but he hit the wooden car. - Man, I had good speed, nailed the boxes. I grazed one of the cars, but I still say that was a good pass. - I've never done a Rockford. So Freiburger had to tell me, "You're going to do a 180, "and then drive out of it." No big deal, I can do that. I'm dumb. Okay, here we go. (engine hums) (tires squeal) (Mike laughs) - [David] Weak! - I couldn't see out the back window. And I just wanted to make sure the thing would spin around without tippin' over. (despondent music) - So we set it up again, and I went for pass number two. And I was being a little bit too cautious that time, because I didn't want to hit the car again. (tires squeal) - [Mike] The guy that set up the rules failed miserably. Freiburger hit the wooden car both times he tried to Rockford through that thing. - Now Finnegan likes to make up the rules as he goes along, except for when they're my rules, and then they're firm. - That was Freiburger's rule. Got to follow Freiburger's rule. Yeah, the first Rockford I did that was kind of a test just to see if it would flip over. It was weak, but the second one, (tires squeal) bitchin', went all the way though there with style without hitting either car. I mean, I threaded the needle with this big ass van. - I don't know. Van wins. - Who won the Rockford challenge? This guy. - You suck. Here's why. I had to teach you the Autocross, teach you how to drag race, and teach you how to Rockford. I won. - Do you know where you are right now? - I'm in the wining position. - [Mike] You taught me nothing. - I'm in the pole position. - Oh my God, let's go through this again. Autocross, 5,000 pounds, 4,000 pounds. You won by a few seconds. Drag race, you need to learn to drive better. 'Cause if you tried to pit maneuver me, I would have avoided it. - [David] And in the Rockford, after teaching you how to do it, and you failed, I completely-- - [Mike] Wait, wait, wait if I remember correctly, Rockford, you hit a car. I threaded the needle with a van. - [David] Threaded the needle? - [Mike] A Dodge Ram 250. - Okay, we have to pick a winner, because the winner gets to decide what we're going to do tomorrow. (scoffs) I won. - I win. - No. - [Mike] I win. - Coin flip. - Rock, paper, scissors. - Rock, paper, scissors, ready? - Rock, paper, scissors! You lose. - Oh, you pick. - Suck it! We're going off-roading. - [David] Off-roading? - Yes. - [David] I'm down with that. Right now, out of here. (thuds) (David laughs) We packed up at El Toro, and the next day, headed out to the Mojave Desert. (fast rock music) - So at El Toro, we had three challenges. - And now we're here at the Mojave Desert, because we're going to do one of my favorite things ever, which is trashing passenger cars on dirt roads. I'm going to challenge you to actually not break the van on the very first competition, 'cause I want to have some fun today. - Aw, limitations. - [David] Yup. - I'll try, no guarantees, though. (hard rock music) - The first thing that we're going to do is the Rallycross, which is like an Autocross, except for it's on dirt. It's sort of a small road rally. But we're going to change it up a little bit, 'cause we're going to do it side by side. Each of us wants to have the inside lane, so we're the first one to the first left hand turn. And so to shoot it out on who's going to get that, we're going to have a head-to-head, not a tug-o-war but a head-to-head. - And I'm counting on the Ram and all its might to put the wagon in the dirt. I don't mind losin' the head-to-head, so I may just put it in reverse and see if I can make him crash. - While he's in the middle of stuffing a tumbleweed in my car, I am figuring out how to win this head-to-head thing. And the thing to do is to just stand on the brakes and wait for him to start spinning his tires. And as soon as he does, his van gets easier to push, because it's breaking traction. And so that's how I'm going to win that deal and get pole position. (rock music) - We're not tug-o-warring. We're pushing. - [David] And, (Mike laughs) (David screams) - [Mike] You're losing. (David laughs) - Go Ram! - [David] That's pretty funny. (David laughs) - [Mike] I'm going to push you all the way to Mexico. - My plan completely fell down when we decided that we were actually hit each other at speed and keep going. I had no opportunity to step on the brakes. And the van had the weight advantage. I was history. - I had no strategy for the push-o-war. So I just floored it and hit him. And all the weight of the van just pushed that poor little wagon across the finish line. I kicked his ass. - We couldn't afford orange cones. But we did find pink strollers. We're going to use them to mark our course. - I'm a little freaked out that Freiburger used baby strollers to set up the course. I don't know what that says about him, 'cause I dropped out of psych class after two weeks in college. - I thought it was appropriate. We're children. It works. This is pretty soft. Do you think we might have an issue? Not the first time. - [Mike] I think getting stuck just makes it more fun. - Okay, can I take one of these home? - [Mike] They're not very sturdy strollers. - I have a feeling that won't matter. Not many strollers withstand 5,000 pounds of van. (hard rock music) (metal scrapes) I meant to actually Google the nearest hospital before we got here. Surprisingly, we have a signal so I can probably do that. - No, no, no, wait, if you know where the hospital is we'll need it. - No, I'm thinkin' if-- - If you don't know where it is, we're fine. - Is that how it works? - Yeah. - I thought if we know where it is, we don't need it. - That's how I get through my whole life. - All right, let's just race. - [Mike] All right. - My race strategy in the Rallycross is simply to be faster. And we already know that Buick is physically faster than the van. That thing is going to wallow. I know how to drive on dirt. He doesn't, so. You know what though? I just realized something. It is so loose and silty out there. He is going to be chasing my dust the whole time. Oh, he's screwed. Okay, side by side to standard bash and thrash? - [Mike] Yeah, first one to the end wins. - [David] Is there any penalty for running over our baby carriages? - Well, we're not doing this for time. I don't know what kind of penalty you could give other than-- - [David] That's true. - Being shamed afterward. - Yeah, but you're shameless about cheating. No cutting corners. - The only corner I'm going to be cutting off is the front end of your car, dude. Don't worry about it. - Well, I know. We should mark a no contact rule until halfway down this. - Oh, come on, you got a horsepower advantage. (David laughs) Don't wuss out now. Let's do this. - [David] You call that horsepower? Safety first, you know. - [Mike] I hope the VCR and television in this thing doesn't hit me in the dome. (David laughs) - [Mike] Well, how you want to do it? On the count of three or something? - [David] Sure, except I know you're leaving on two. - [Mike] One, two, three! (rock music) - [David] Oh yeah! (rock music) (David laughs) Cheater! (plastic cracking) I ended up nerfing him, sending him off the track. - [Mike] The van spins left and all I see is a giant mound of dirt. And I brace myself and said, "Oh crap!" The van launches into the air and bouncing a couple times. I'm dazed. The van's making weird noises. My neck's killing me. - [David] And I went and smashed the strollers for the win. (David laughs) (crashes loudly) - [David] Best day at work ever? - Oh my God! Boom, somethin' hits me. It's him, jackass. - Look at the distance. Look where you landed versus where you launched. Check this out. See, look, here's the landing point, but I don't even see where you launched. - I cleared the doubles, dude. It's back there. - Did you clear the doubles? There's no way. - [Mike] Yeah. - No. - [Mike] I'm tellin' you. - [David] Where did it hit? Oh, you're kiddin' me! Look! - Yeah, dude, I cleared the doubles. - Look, you did! You cleared the doubles with the van. - [Mike] Yeah. - Look, this is where the bumper caved in. There's your tire marks. You left ground here. - Nothing in here. - Nothing in here. This is all good, happy critters, life. - And then, look. - And now look at this. - It lands here and bounces. - [David] Wow! - [Mike] Look where it landed the second time, dude. - That is distance for a Dodge van. And they ask why we're not entertained by a Lamborghini. - [Mike] Dude. - [David] It's 'cause we're 14 years old. (horn honks) - Can't believe I lost that race. Holy shit, I'm a little sore. Still runs though. Bad ass automobile, thank you, Dodge, for building the Ram. - If you thought that was good, watch what we're going to do now. (hard rock music) - I feel a little sore, but I'm ready to go. The first turn of the Rallycross, just to the inside of it, had a giant lip that actually ended up being perfect for launching these things for the jump contest. So what we did was we just hauled ass down the straight, cut the corner a little sharper than we had in the Rallycross, and just boom! Oh, shit. (van squeals loudly) (Mike laughs) Oh my neck! And although it wasn't as big as when we jumped the Bronco, a couple of episodes back, the bounce was just as hard. My back is still sore. Oh shit! (van squeals loudly) (Mike laughs) - [David] This is the point where judgement really just went straight off the cliff, 'cause we bought that Buick to take the chassis out from under it, but at the same time, it seemed like a really good idea. (David laughs) - [Mike] Do that again! - [David] Was it quality? - [Mike] It was good, but the back wheels weren't off the ground. You got to go bigger. - [David] What? - [Mike] Yeah, I bounced like six times. - [David] Did you get back wheels off the ground? - [Mike] Oh, dude, I don't know, but my spine's killing me. - [David] Oh yeah. - [Mike] Go again! - [David] No, that hurt. - [Mike] You were this close from having the back wheels off the ground. It was nice. - [David] That hurt. - Dude, the van killed it in the jump. I don't even think the wagon left the ground. And the van probably got more air at the beginning of the jump, the bounce and the landing than the wagon did the whole time it jumped in the air. Even thought David's car really didn't leave the ground, you could see David in the car damn near hit his head on the headliner. So I know he was just as sore as I was after that jump. - In case you hadn't figured it out by now, this episode was for really our entertainment and not yours. And what really entertained us, and I'm not sure why, was to bring two dozen watermelons out to the desert with us and throw it in the back of these vehicles and just see if they would smash each other while we were thrashing down a dirt road. (hard rock music) - I don't know who came up with this idea, but after we killed our backs jumping these things, we decided to go as fast as we could down a rut filled road. - If you really want to make watermelon thing justifiable, I'm going to call it science. This is really about checking the plush ride quality on the van versus the wagon. And the challenge was to see which vehicle would smash the fewest amount of watermelons. So what we're doing now is the scientifically water smash, uh, never mind. Ready? - David went first and the wagon actually looked like it soaked up the bumps pretty good. Although, you could see, you could see watermelons in the windows bouncing up and down, which was pretty funny. (rock music) (car squeals) - [David] I didn't break a single watermelon. It's genius! Once again, proven, the ultimate off-road vehicle. - [Mike] And then when I went, I'm surprised the van didn't crash, because it was all kinds of sideways and up in the air and just watermelons flying everywhere. It's remarkable they didn't break. - [David] It turns out watermelons don't come apart when they're bouncing around in the back of a van or a wagon. - [Mike] I don't know who won these competitions, but this was more about going out and having fun in the desert, and once again, I'll say it. Best day at work ever. - [David] By the end of the day, it was 108 degrees, and we were dying, but we had a blast. - We really didn't destroy either one of these cars, other than the sheet metal. So we're going to go home. We still got two good cars to use for parts. - And if those weren't parts cars at the beginning of our competition, they sure were now. - [Mike] I think I broke my spleen. (Mike laughs) (rock music) (van squeals) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 