Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e8 - 426 Hemi in a '55 Chevy! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 8 - 426 Hemi in a '55 Chevy! - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, HOT ROD's David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan hit the road on a quest to build a car they've both dreamed of for years: a '55 Chevy Bel Air sedan set up like a '... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - This is a special collector's edition of Roadkill, save it kids. We didn't fail this time. (engine revving) (tires screeching) (heavy rock arrangement) This time on Roadkill, we are going to take a '73 Suburban that we've never driven, and use it to haul a '55 Chevy body 1,100 miles to Jim Meyer Racing in Oregon to build Finnegan's dream car. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - California thinks we own a ''55 Chevy. - This is the it's-legal-as-far-as-you-know state of California. (laughs) - California says, You own a car. (laughs) - Is this a street? - Yeah, this is nice. He supposedly has like 30 cars here I don't know where he's going to fit those-- - 30? - In a track. - This must be the guy. - Yup, that's him. (heavy rock arrangement) - This door's still full of water. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (door slamming) - That'll teach us to wash the car. - Hear it sloshing? (water sloshing) - Hey Don! - How you doin man? - Good to see ya. - I'm David. - It's been months but I'm ready to pick up the car. - Car's around back waiting for ya. - Cool, all right. - Cool, let's check it out. - I've been searching for a 19'55 Chevy Bel Air off and on since I was a teenager when I first saw the movie Two-Lane Blacktop. I bought this car four months ago sight unseen, and I'm really fired up to finally see this thing in person. The roof's good. The quarters are-- - Quarter, not so much. (laughs) - Yeah the quarters need a little help. - Oh yeah, trunk's nice. It's perfect for what we're doing. - It'll make a great race car. - Yup. (grunting) Okay yeah, this is going to be perfect. (metal scraping) - Whoa! - We're going to take this up to Oregon and actually plop the body on a brand new chassis up there at Jim Meyer Racing, make a gasser out of it like that. And what's really cool about it is that we're going to put a Chrysler 426 Hemi in this car, and we have it in the back of the Suburban. It's like gasser kit all right here with us. (slamming) - You okay? - Yeah I'm good. - We're about to leave Hemet, home of Don Edwards, the guy who sold me the '55 Chevy, and it's all strapped down, or at least as well as we could strap it down. So now we're going to drive a thousand miles up to Oregon. - Is it that far? - Yeah. 1,100 actually. - That's not good. - (laughs) In that. - Is the Suburban going to make it? (laughing) - We better find out. - Let's go. We're starting out while it's still daylight. - You drive. - Alright. (engine revving) I've only seen two '55 Chevy's with Hemis in them in my life. - I've only seen them with Chrysler early Hemis in them-- - Yeah! - I've never seen a 426. - Yeah, toth the cars I'm talking about. - Did you bring the stack injection? - Yup. - We got to be real careful not to smash that box. - Yeah, am I going the right way? - Sure, am I supposed to be directing? - I think so. There's an ostrich! Holy crap! I've never seen an ostrich in my life. - You never have? - I kind of want to stop and go look at the ostrich. - Make some ostrich McNuggets? - Oh my God. Look, buffalo! Wait is that a, those are buffalo! Holy crap! - You're right, Have you ever seen one in real life? - I've never seen that or an ostrich in real life. I thought we killed almost all of these. - We tried. - Best day at work ever. - (laughs) '55 Chevy, 426 Hemi, ostrich, buffalo. - Yeah best day of work ever. - Doesn't usually happen. - No. (rock arrangement) - The first stop we're going to make is at Rods West in Ridgecrest, California because we've got to pick up some cool wheels that we're going to put on the front of the car. - It's a place that's owned by Don Waldon. He's been here for decades. And where we're standing at one point was covered by nothing but Mag wheels. He buys and sells them and refurbishes them. And so there's a pallet of them there, and back over here there's a wheel graveyard of a bunch of rare wheels and now, he's become the wheelies king, he's got a bunch of wheelies parts here, he builds gassers pretty much for everybody that wants one. - There's also Austins and Anglers and all sorts - There's Henry Jays, Austins, Tims. - This is amazing. Stop talking so I can go look. - Yeah. (country western arrangement) - People would lose their mind if you gathered all this up and went to the Pomona Swap Meet. Oh my God, died and gone to Heaven. Just want to take it all with me. Don is hooking us up with a modern interpretation of the old school Ansen Sprint Wheels which'll look perfect on the front end of our '55 Chevy. - When I first built the wheels and had the wheels done, I gave the option to the guys about putting the valve stem on the back side. - Yeah. - Cause the wheel was originally a sprint car wheel and it could go either way. - Flip them. - Right, drag race guys wanted this side then the sprint car guys wanted the other side, so you see the wheel with the valve stem on the opposites sides. - That's going to look killer on the front of that thing. - You have to talk him out of putting smoothie steelies on the back. They're the kind with no hub cap bumps. - Oh no no it's going to have the other one. - Told ya. - Yeah. - Visiting Rod's West here was just completely amazing. I could easily spend a full weekend rifling around here. I love taking pictures of all the old things that are sitting around but unfortunately we need to hit it. We burned so much time that we're going to have to cannonball in the dark. How long do you want to drive Finnegan? Like, two in the morning? - Till we're there. - Till we're there. Cause we got to get to Oregon posthaste. Let's hit it. (country western arrangement) (engine revving) The Macho Grande's been doing excellent so far but it does need some routine maintenance. Spark plug wire kept falling off and it only runs 7/8ths as well as it should on seven cylinders. - We're going to save that plug wire we took off Cause it's still good. And we're going to put it, right here with our spare dipstick in the fender where it belongs. - Yep with the old man rag, maybe a couple wigs stuffed in there for quieting it down. - It's a good hiding spot. - Yeah that's not short, alright. - We can just run that way around the road and come back twice. - You know what, if you wrap this around this a couple times I'm thinking that it might magnetize the inlet and give us better fuel mileage. - Lines up all the molecules? - Right. - Well we're going to get at least six miles to gallon now. (laughing) - Pour fluid in, let's go. (rock arrangement) (cricket chirping) - We found a blown fuse for the accessory circuit, which-- - Twice. - is why all the lights just turned off so we replaced the fuse, with, one we found in the glove box, one of many, which tells us this has happened before. So now we're actually going to try and troubleshoot why it's happening. - Yeah the used car forensics tells you that when there's four packs of 20 amp fuses in the glovebox, there's a frequent issue. For sure. - I can't say for certain who wired it, but whoever they are should be kicked in the nuts, drug out in the streets and shot cause there's about nine splices to connect this much wire. So we just hacked a bunch of it out, taped up what we could. I don't know if that's going to fix it but we'll put another fuse in and see how far we can get this time. - What time is it and how many hours do we have until Oregon? - We need to be there Friday, today's Wednesday. - Oh no problem. - Yeah. (engine revving) - Still got lights! (smooth jazz arrangement) - Well we just made a nice loop in and out of the parking lot and blew the lights again! For some reason when we're moving it blows lights and when we're parked it doesn't. So something is pinching somewhere. By unplugging the trailer we'll isolate it whether it's in the trailer or in the truck. I was right! It turned out that the stock wiring harness was like jiggling in a little clip on the frame and I was able to crawl under the car and I saw it sparking and I just wrapped it with some electrical tape and we're done. Now we're going to hit the road to Bishop. (engine revving) Yesterday we got our new project car, '55 Chevy. Didn't get very far down the road cause of some electrical gremlins with our tow vehicle the Suburban. But after rewiring it on the side of the road at midnight, she's dialed. - And now we're in Bishop, which is one of my favorite little towns and a local told me where he thinks there's an abandoned 50's truck out in the desert so we're going to go check that out before we hit the road. (country western western arrangement) - There's a lot of trash in the desert here. Like old, old, old trash. - I bet we'd find something good out here. There's a barrel. There's a gas tank right there dude. - Really? - Yeah. - So we're getting warm? - Yeah. - I hope that's not it. - Oh hell. That might've been a truck. - That used to be a truck cab. - Is that a fender? - That guy obviously had greater appreciation of our skills than we do. - Wait, wait, wait. What did he tell you was out here? - He said it was an old round pickup truck and that is, an old round pickup truck. Look at it, it's destroyed. - There ain't a round surface left on that thing. - I see a fender, or no? - Oh my God. - Okay there's good news and bad news here. The good news is I have complete confidence that we could get that home on the back of the trailer. Bad news is there's absolutely no reason to. Oregon bound. (engine revving) (rock n' roll arrangement) (engine revving) (indiscernible dialogue) - Don't floor it! - I'm not! (compressed air blasting) - Oh it's bad. - Long grade, old truck. - We put a new radiator in the Macho Grande before we even left, but it was no match for this big long grade wide open trying to get out of Bishop and so we overheated, and overheated pretty bad. We've been worse though, I think we'll be good. Is it walkable down to the water place? - Couple miles. - Every road trip the hood comes off. - I know, I know! Let's strap the hood to the roof! (laughs) - That would fix this. Alright, now to walk down the hill. (country western arrangement) Better get a raise for this. Oh thank God. That was the easy part. Carrying this up that hill is going to suck. (water pouring) Suddenly I have to pee. There could've been a bigger spout on here. Just saying. Up the hill. Well somehow this is Fry Burger's fault. I can't pinpoint how or why, given that he was pretty much in a coma in the passenger seat when I drove us up this hill too fast. But after hiking all the way down the hill to get the water and to come all the way back up I've decided it's definitely not my fault, it's all his fault. And if that's enough water, he's hiking down the damn hill to get the rest of it. - How much oil should be in the water? - I know how we can do a Roadkill and never boil over once. - Don't leave home? - Get a Volkswagen. What bugs me is that we were actually proactive about it this time and put in a radiator. New one, not even re-cored. - That's amazing it still has that much pressure after this long. - Just means the freeze plugs are still in there. Good news. - This reminds me of the Alaska trip, this reminds me of the Jaguar trip, this reminds me of-- - Buick? - This reminds me of-- - Told you deja vu, this is every trip. Any minute now we'll cut to a clip of us driving with the hood off this thing.(laughs) - One time I had a friend Tony who, his 340 Duster did this, and he like leaned way back and got the cap off and nothing happened, nothing happened, he goes like this, (blows) right in the face. Melted, literally, skin was hanging off of him. It was pretty bad. So go ahead and pop that. (shouts) (laughs) - At least I didn't scream. You put the water in. (laughing) (rock arrangement) (engine revving) Cap it off, let's go. Before something bad happens. - Our tow rig is a '73 GMC Suburban and the guy I bought it from swore that it has 340,000 miles on it. And it doesn't really seem like it, it runs pretty good. It's got a 454 and a Turbo 400 Automatic. We put some brand new Micky Thompsons on it, but the thing is I paid 1,500 bucks for this thing, it sat for a year, and we never drove it until the day we put the tires on it and left for this trip. (classic rock arrangement) Our route here is the 395-North in California which takes us all the way up to Reno. It's a great drive, lots and lots of wilderness and neat little towns. This is Mono Lake which is actually a salt lake. It's actually the same place we drove when we took that El Camino trip a few episodes back. Our overheating problem fixed itself once it stopped being 100 plus degrees outside and once we stopped trying to full-throttle it up steep hills. We're in the Reno Sparks area now and we're so close that we thought that we would come here and visit the scene of the crime, at Summit Racing where we did our engine swap on the El Camino a couple episodes ago. You think there's still a big stain in the parking lot? - No these people care too much about their facility, I bet they streetsweeped it. - Let's find out. I spent a year in this parking lot one day. Wow, you'd never know we were here. - No it's right there. They did a better job of cleaning it than we did. (laughs) - Yeah. I scrubbed it but wow, impressive. Summit Racing on the ball. - That was fun. - Okay. - Let's go get dinner. - Let's. (classic rock arrangement) (engine revving) - We're in Klamath Falls, Oregon. Got up this morning, got pulled over by the cops, and now I'm waiting on Fry Burger to answer some emails cause he's kind of a big deal on the Internet, and we're going to head to Lincoln City hopefully today. So you'll note that the car is running, and we've been getting about 6, 6 1/2 miles to the gallon so far in this trip. That's not helping our costs. (laughs) I can't turn the car off right now. It's custom. Here we go, piling down. Come on baby, stall. Okay throttle's backed all the way out, it doesn't want to stall. In gear. And it won't die. I'm going to have to reach in there and disconnect the power wire to the distributor. (engine stalling) I'm going to have to do that everywhere we go now. (laughs) Alright we got a full tank of gas, a radiator with water in it, - That's amazing. - Under 300 miles to go and it's still daylight out. You were supposed to turn on the 39. - Okay, where we thought back there that sign that said 39. - Okay we're going to turn around again. - Fantastic navigating, Mike Finnegan. - I told you what to do, you just didn't do it. - You know I can't remember anything for more than three seconds I have the attention span of a gnat. - You were 3/10ths of a mile from the turn when I gave you the directions. - I know, I told you. Gnat. (rock arrangement) It's really cool to be here in Oregon instead of in the desert which is where we normally do our Roadkills. Right now we're heading sort of northeast across the state and we're headed towards Lincoln City, which is right on the ocean. (rock arrangement) (engine revving) - It doesn't sound happy. Here, pour some oil. Yesterday we got within 60 miles of Lincoln City, stopped for the night, and when we parked the Suburban, it was running really good. This morning we fired it up, started heading for Jim Meyer Racing and the engine just started clattering really bad so we pulled over and checked the oil and there wasn't any oil in there. I don't know where the oil went. But the camshaft and the lifters are not happy about our severe lack of lubrication so Fry Burger's putting some more in and now we're hoping that we don't flatten the cam loads before we get to our destination. - Why was it perfectly fine last night when we stopped? That's what I don't get. - Maybe guys that don't like our critique of the Lamborghini drained the oil out last night. - Maybe guys who don't like your goatee. (laughs) That could happen. (rock arrangement) - Oh we're 15 miles away, we are so close. - Are you excited? - Dude, I'm about to piss myself. - (laughs) Please don't. Truly the greatest thing about this project is by the end of today, it's going to look like a car. It's not just going to fester around forever hoping that it's cool. - Ask me how close we are. - How close are we? - 1.8 miles to paradise. - Let's stop for breakfast, I'm hungry. - I'll push you out the car door and keep driving. (rock arrangement) - Jim Meyer Racing is like a gear head paradise right near the cool tourist area of Lincoln City. He's got this great shop tucked away in the woods. He's been here like 25 years just doing cool gear head stuff. He's got old motocross bikes, weird old hot rods, but the main thing that they do here is they make complete rolling chassis that you can just slap under your car. I've heard of this place forever and seen their ads and stuff but it's always cool to show up and find out that it's a real place with real, genuine hot rodders. - The better you can get the car to start out with of course the better your build's going to be and the less expensive it's going to be. You know for even the dents and the, quarter panel the way it is it's not going to take much to put this thing back together. - We've got about I don't know, 24 hours before we've got to hit the road. So we should probably get to work and throw this thing together. - Yeah we'll get a plan going here I've got, five guys here today so, I don't think we'll have any problem getting this thing going on. - Oh man that's nice. Wow. That's way too good for you. (laughs) - I really don't deserve this. It's better than I imagined it. I mean I've been drooling over a photo that big on the website for a year now, way better in person. Amazing welds, the construction's really nice. These guys don't mess around. - We're going to roll the chassis out and back the trailer all the way in. And try and, get it straight onto the lift. (heavy rock arrangement) So far it's like happening really fast. Got the body off the dolly, on the lift, and now what we're doing is trying to center it over the chassis and eyeball what's going to happen with the rear tire fitments so we can cut out the quarter panels. - I've been looking forward to going to Jim Meyer Racing's place for a long time because these guys know what they're doing, they've been building hot rods forever, just being around mills and laves and plasma cutters that just makes me warm and fuzzy inside. So it's awesome to be here. (heavy rock arrangement) In a traditional gasser-style car, the rear quarter panels on a '55 Chevy have to get radius cut so that the 30 inch slicks will fit. And then they stick out just a hair which is part of the reason why the cut is so tall. So that when you drive the thing down the road if you hit a bump and the suspension compresses the tire has room to go up without damaging the body. That is awesome. I love the sidewall on that tire. - Looks like a truck tire. - Yeah. We've already cut that side out, made a template of it, now we're going to transfer it to this side, cut this side out. (heavy rock arrangement) (ratcheting) - We really wanted to mock up the hemi and the transmission and the chassis but we ran into a couple problems that prevented that so here we're just going to mock it up so it sticks to the car on the way home on the trailer. - We're so close. (heavy rock arrangement) - Break out the intake manifold. - Yes. - This is the key to the look of this car. I've had this Enderly mechanical fuel injection set up on my shelf forever, and when I knew we were going to build the car I knew I had to give it to Finnegan. This thing looks right. (ratcheting) - And I didn't get socks this year. (shouting) - The car turned out exactly the way I've always envisioned. It's cool that we took just a bare body on a trailer, and showed up here, plopped it on a chassis, sort of threw a hemi into the thing, and made it look like a complete radical gasser in a matter of hours. - I may just sleep in the car tonight. - I can already see myself at the drag strip. - This is the best day at work ever. (laughs) Once again, this might actually be. I got to agree with you. - The ultimate goal for this build is to have a kickass gasser that runs low 10's and hopefully does wheelies and I want the car to look a lot like the Two-Lane Blacktop '55 Chevy except my car's going to have a hemi in it, just to piss off Chevy guys. - This is going to motivate us. We got to get this thing done and when we do, guaranteed that's the ultimate Roadkill episode. (heavy rock arrangement) - We've had a lot of fun but this might be the most enjoyable Roadkill yet just because it was a great drive, I love the Macho Grande, and we made an incredible car. - Lot of success. Very few breakdowns that were speedbumps. So yeah. - We're pretty sure it'll be much worse and more violent on the next episode of Roadkill. - Word. (engine revving) I froze my nuts off in this parking lot. - Maybe you can find them and put them back on. - I know right? - You do the speech, go for it-- - No you're doing great actually. - No be funny. - You're doing great. I'm number two. - Still rolling? We completely failed again? - If the front tire's mounted on the wheels, cut the firewall and get the body bolted down. - I don't know cause I won't be there, right? - You're going to punk out and leave early? - Thank you. (sighs) (laughs) - That didn't, that didn't fit right look you got lice now. - Yeah. - Merry Christmas. - Whoa, whoa, dude. Dude. Careful, alright? - Oops. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 