Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e12 - Chevy vs. Ford Cop-Car Thrash Battle! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 12 - Chevy vs. Ford Cop-Car Thrash Battle! - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, Freiburger and Finnegan are out to discover which used cop car they like best, the Chevy Caprice 9C1 or the Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor P71. Of ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On this episode of Roadkill, exhaustive scientific research to discover who makes the best cop car, Chevy or Ford? (car engine revs) (intense rock music) - We're going to kick it off here at Santa Anita Park in Acradia, California, also known as paved acres of destruction. - We've got two goals this time around for Roadkill. Goal number one, invent a brand new motor sport. - Oh, I missed it. Oh, boy! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Whoops! - And goal number two, figure out of the two cop cars we bought which one is better, the Ford or the Chevy. - This is something I've wanted to do for a long time. There's nothing cooler than thrashing on a v-8 rear wheel drive, full size American Sedan and the ultimate example of those is, of course, cop cars. The two really killer cop cars on the market that you can buy used are the '94, 5, and 6 Caprice 9c1, which is the Chevy, powered by a 350 cubic inch LT1V8. It's rated at 260 horsepower, honestly, I think it makes more than that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The Ford you really want to buy is an '03 and up Crown Vic P71. Making 250 horsepower, at least that's where they were rated, I don't think they make that much. These cars are sickeningly slow. - As usual, we surfed Craigslist trying to find our candidates for our testing. - We paid 1700 bucks for the Chevy and 2500 bucks for the Crown Vic. The Chevy is ten years older than the Ford. It has 173,000 miles on it, the Ford only has 101, however, the Caprice is the only car that police agencies have ever bothered to restore from scratch when they hit the limit of their service life, and so I was kind of a fan of the Caprice. Finnegan liked the Ford, so Finnegan went for amenities, basically, and I went for horsepower. - So on day number one our first event was a good old fashioned drag race, and we didn't use any timing equipment 'cuz that's way too scientific. We just went head to head and side by side, which car is better. (engines road and tires squeal) (intense rock music) - In the drag race, I predict complete dominance by the Caprice, no doubt. - Crown Vic, huh? This car has got 101,000 miles of chasing perps. - Are we going to go on three? Well, on three, two, one, on one? - Okay, you count. (laughs) - Three, two, one! Oh! (engines roar) He completely jumped me. - Yes! Oh he's done! I got this! (intense rock music) - He chickened out, he thought he was going to run out of parking lot. (laughs) - Winning! It's all about the guy who gets out in front and let's off and claims the race is over. - Oh! I was driving right past you. - You lose. - Why? - I won the race. - I passed you. - No, I was already done by then. We were done racing. - Nope. (laughs) - Yeah, we're professionals. - In the first drag race I'm really annoyed because the Crown Vic left on me. I'm in the Caprice and honestly it has so much power and such a destroyed posi that it is just laying wheel with one tire, and he gets out in front of me, but I wasn't that worried about it because after the Caprice hooked up, it just freight trained the Crown Vic. - We learned right away that the Crown Vic had a better whole shot, and when I wasn't cheating the start, the Caprice was quicker on the top end. - I think we need to go again 'cuz he jumped me and I still passed him. - Got to figure out a new way to cheat real quick. - [Voiceover] This is weird, I've never been in the front seat of a cop car. It's like, backwards. - Okay, you want to do the count? - Nah, you go ahead. - Three, two, one! (intense rock music) (engines rev) - Yeah, Caprice wins. So in the second race, I had it figured out and the Caprice drove right past the Crown Vic. It's a way faster car. - David kicked my butt. Once we went more than four or five hundred feet. (laughs) - Check it out, my tire is throwing off chunks already. So, we're going to have to tighten this up, get some action done. (intense rock music) Armor All has this new stuff that we're testing for the magazine, it's called Custom Shield. - And what it's supposed to do is protect your paint job. - It's like a rubberized coating that looks like spray paint that you squirt on stuff and it peels off later, and not that we care about it particular quarter panel, but to test it I'm going to spray it on here and at the end of our testing we'll rip it off and find out if it works good. - Yeah, baby. Smooth. Now we can be burnouts and throw rubber all over the car and it won't matter. Should come right off. Not that I really care about the paint on that piece of crap. - What we're going to do now is like a movie scene, lead, follow, reverse 180. Finnegan's going to be pointing this way, I'm going to be pointing this way. We're both going to take off in the same direction and I've got to pull a rockford and get through those garbage cans before he does. Then we're going to switch it up and race the other way. (intense rock music) - Is it illegal not to have a windshield on your car? - [Voiceover] Yeah. - I'm a little foggy on that rule. Word to your mother. Let's do this. (car engines roar) (laughs) - [Voiceover] Yeah! (laughs) - Oh, that was awesome. I guess we proved that, uh- - I lost my mirror. - You lost your, no, not mirror, that's your spotlight. - I can't find the perps at night now. - Wow, that was awesome. I'm ready. The beauty of it now is we know that all we're doing is smashing through it for kicks, so I'm ready. Should I wear the helmet? I hate to even think how much I'm going to own that thing right now. (engines roar and tires squeal) I might've broken my windshield. (laughs) Oops! - Best day at work ever. - There was really no education in this part of the fun, but we did prove that you don't break the Crown Vic windshield and you do shatter the Caprice windshield. That is completely senseless and radical fun. - The rest of this deal, whenever we were roadtripping these cars, we were in danger of getting pulled over and arrested 'cuz it really did look like we were involved in a hit and run accident. Right now I've got a water truck cruising around the parking lot behind me wetting down the shortest and worst autocross course I've ever seen in my life, all because I want to watch David spin out the Caprice a few more times. (engines roar) (wheels screech) - By the end of the day, it had just turned into mayhem and we were destroying these cars for no reason. Drifting them around, doing donuts, and the left rear tire of the Caprice got so bad it was flinging cords everywhere. - I get in the Caprice and the tires are shredded already. There's very little left, they look like balloons, there's fuzzies hanging off the side, and I only drifted this car in front of the camera twice before (wheel thuds) the left rear tire exploded right on command. It sounded like a shotgun went off, it was pretty spectacular. (intense rock music) - Now it's the end of the day and we've totally trashed this thing with filth and even hit it with a tire, and we're going to find out if the Custom Shield will peel off. - Good as new. - Nice! That's kind of like vinyl wrap. - Not even the tire scuffed through it. That's pretty amazing. I like it. Tomorrow, heading to Boron to build the off road track we've wanted to do for like two years. - Yeah. - That's the plan. We're going to freeze our cohones off tonight. - Yeah, and I've only got a shovel about that big, so it's going to take some time. - We're just going to drive though it, 'cuz I'm going to go get mud tires put on that thing now 'cuz the tire's gone-zo. - You get mud tires? - [Voiceover] Yup. - Why didn't I think of that? Shit. Crown Vic had 17-inch wheels on it and the only aggressive tires I could find for those 17-inch wheels were a set of Blizzak ice tires, which were really soft, and David, because his cop car had 15-inch wheels on the Caprice, he bought mud terrain BFG's with aggressive looking treads. (intense rock music) This thing looked like it belonged in a Mad Max movie if it had a blower with a switch on it. - Check it out, it's perfect. I wish they were wider, they do have kind of that pizza cutter look to 'em, but they're aggressive. - I've literally got, like, skateboard wheels on my car right now, but you're still driving the capeesh, not cool, no matter what you put on it for tires. (whimsical country music) - Uh oh. You got the duct tape so I can shut my door? Wow. It's hashed. Ah, there you go, cool. I'm a chump. Now that we've got my tires on, we hit the road and drove about, I don't know, three or four hours out into the California desert. - We both figured heading out into the dirt, he's got the advantage. Boy, were we wrong. (upbeat rock music) It's getting cold 'cuz we're climbing out of L.A. county into the high desert here, and we're going to some place special. A spot every grown man should go in their entire lives, and that's the middle of nowhere. (engines roar) - I'm going to have to say that the Chevy's going to have the edge on the Crown Vic at the dirt. It's got to, or I'm going to be humiliated. (engine roars) (upbeat rock music) I could see nothing other than his taillights. I'm driving in dust. I'm just trusting him. How's that 200 horsepower treating ya? (laughs) - It doesn't sound like a Lamborghini, but it's still pretty cool. - That's the sound of power. - Oh, you got the hot air intake under the hood. - Yup. - Yours sounds cooler. - I've got the direct dirt intake. Ultimately, it was freezing cold outside, we decided to call it a night. Finnegan thought we were going to freeze to death and he had this massive Brady Bunch tent. I called him a complete chick for wanting to be in the tent. I don't even think it was freezing. I build a campfire, hit the dirt, good to go all night long. - [Voiceover] How cold is it? - Uh, I don't know, we need to check the phone 'cuz that's where the thermometer is in this decade. I don't know if you realize this, but we bought two cop cars, bashed them, drove them to the middle of the desert, and found- - Derbied in the dust. - Land that my parents got suckered into buying four decades ago. - And tomorrow, we're going to wreck it. - Derby tomorrow. - Yup. - You're seriously going to sleep out on the ground? - It's way better than being in a tent. - Oh, wow. - I think David slept by the fire, did he roll into it and kill himself? (muffled snoring) (laughs) Damn. Stop snoring. I feel like I licked the top of the bar after last call. Ugh. - My teeth feel like carpet. When we woke up in the morning, the first challenge was to find where Finnegan's property actually was. We had the GPS on our cell phones, which surprisingly enough still had the streets on it that had been carved in this place back in 1969 or '70 or something like that, and somewhere in here was a two and a half acre gem of property that belonged to his parents, so basically we could do whatever we wanted on it. - I think the air is just right for building a race track. (upbeat music) - Yeah, it's like I go that way, and right here, right? - So this two point four acres is- - All yours. - All mine! - You're going to inherit that some day. - We're building a dirt track and we're inventing our own off road racing series. - A dirt ripping, thrashing course to put these two cop cars to the test. - There's a big S. - Yeah, for sure. - That connects back out to here. - Yeah, we're totally in agreement, so how do you want to make that? You want to just hop in a car and- - Let's just drive it. - This is going to be fun. How long before one of us gets hopelessly high centered on something? Once we found the right property, the first thing we did is both hopped in the Crown Vic to go and plot a race track. This trunk is garbage, right? - [Voiceover] Jump on it. - Nope. - I got no seat belt. - [David] Big right hander. Oh yeah, this one's a riot. (laughs) - Wow, we're going to get stuck out here, eventually. No endangered species. - Oh, I haven't seen anything moving in here, 'cept us. - This is like the twist out there. - There's bushes that aren't too dense, and we'd be able to drive these cars around three or four times and make our own track. - [Voiceover] Yeah! - That's going to be so fun. - And it was going to connect to a high speed straight section that at some point the power company had grated to put in power poles. Alright, let's get both cars and do this. - [Voiceover] Okay. - I'm not having all the fun. (intense rock music) - For the Caprice, I had found these really cool BFG mud terrains in a small size that would fit the passenger car and I got 'em 'cuz they were tough and I thought we were going to be dealing with a rocky terrain, it turned out to be pure silt. Stuck! (laughs) Knew that was going to happen. - And he goes out there with his big old honkin mud terrain tires that are way too skinny, these things are pizza cutters, and he goes out there and I've kind of rutted up the course already, and he gets stuck right out in the middle of it, nowhere near flat, hard ground. Not feelin' so good about those new tires now, are ya? (laughs) (upbeat country music) This is the part where I get stuck. - It's going to need some snap, you might want to give it more distance than that. - I'm not even a Ford guy, but really there's no denying the Crown Victoria is kicking the crap out of the capeesh. He's so far out in the course, that when I drive out I have to leave the safety of flat, hard-packed dirt, and go onto the silty stuff to try and yank him out. I give it a decent yank, he starts coming up over this berm, when he crests the berm, my car gets high centered, and we're both stuck in the dirt now. - Finnegan came in right behind me to pull me out, and of course the Crown Vic, then, also went straight into China, and so there we are with two cars completely stuck in the middle of nowhere, and yeah, we can't deny it, ultimately we had to have the video guy's pick up truck pull us out. - God, we suck at off roading. (laughs) Now the good part, the race. Starting line? - Starting line. - Alright. - Plan is, I'm thinking we come through here at speed, right? - Do a flying start, okay? - Yeah, 'cuz why wouldn't you? And then I'll time you as you fly by, you run the whole track, come by again, and I'm going to stop the clock when you pass the garbage can again. I'm not going to tell you your time. - Yeah, don't show it to me, just leave the phone over there. - And then I'm going to get in mine, do the same thing. - I have a lot of confidence right now because the Crown Vic, although on paper has less power, both of these cars seem to just suck ass in the horsepower department when you actually drive them. The Crown Vic handles a lot better and the tires seem to be working better, so I think I got this covered. - I have to admit, I'm a little intimidated. I think that the Crown Vic handles better off road. He's going to come through at speed, soon as he crosses the trash can I'm going to fire this up. (intense rock music) Oh, you can just see him digging in. There's more dirt in the sky than on the ground. (engine thunders) (laughs) - Oh, my god, oh, dude! - Right now, he's, like, at a minute and a half, so it's a pretty long course. (laughs) - Okay, so I'm not going to tell him his time. I'm going to put that in my pocket and I'm going to go make my run, and we'll see what happens. - Did I win? (laughs) - Now it was my turn and I knew I was only going to get him in the straight aways. He was sloppy out there, I'm going to show skill. - Go, starting the timer. (intense rock music) He looks good, he looks smooth from what I can see, but in the middle section of the track, I can't see him running but I hear the engine bogging down through the really soft stuff, and I'm pretty confident he's going to lose this deal. (intense rock music) - The question is, does he have the nuts to come through here wide open at the end of the race and stay in it knowing there's a Crown Vic right there, his car's fishtailing, and he could die or have an airbag in the face. (laughs) Oh my god, that thing's huge. Come on, you hunk of junk. Oh, my god! Oh my god. (laughs) - Woo! - He's going through the finish line and then breaking and pitching the car sideways out in the desert, and it's fast. I have no idea how you did 'cuz I don't know how I did, but I will give you this, you stayed in it almost all the way to here and damn near took out the back end of my car, man. (laughs) That was awesome. - At this point, I thought there was a chance that I had beat him with raw horsepower and top end speed, but- Here, ready? I'll show you mine if you show me yours. - [Both] Oh! - Winning! What was that, three seconds? - Not quite, what is it? 1:45.2 for you, and 1:48.5 for me. - Over three seconds! - Yeah, three point three seconds. - The phones turn around, and I look, and I realize I whooped his ass by three seconds, and it's really not that I whooped his ass, it's the Crown Vic has whooped the Caprice's ass badly. - Well, in fact, what we did was pretty unscientific, but we did spend a couple a days thrashing really hard on the Ford and Chevy cop cars, and it did teach me a lot. The Chevy's are really more collectible, they're more valuable, the made 'em for only three years instead of for a full run like the Crown Vic. For an enthusiast they're a really good car. Bone stock, they're really fast. You could also go with the Crown Vic, which is going to be way easier to find these days, it has a far more modern suspension system, the motor sucks a lot in comparison to the Chevy though, so kind of pick your poison. You want the better handling car, newer, more comfortable, looks a little bit cooler, you get the Ford. I came in to this whole deal truly with my heart behind the Caprice, not because I'm really a Chevy guy, but because I knew it had way more horsepower and I knew it was way faster. - You were into it. - I was completely into it, and I'm walking away needing to have a Crown Vic. At the end of the day then, we're going to claim a win on the Crown Vic, right? - Yeah, Crown Vic's the winner, sorry Chevy guys. - Yup. - You lose. (upbeat music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 