Roadkill: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Roadkill 
 s1e3 - Cheap Truck Challenge! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Roadkill (2012–2020): Season 1, Episode 3 - Cheap Truck Challenge! - full transcript 
 On this episode of Roadkill, HOT ROD's David Freiburger and Mike Finnegan join Fred Williams and Rick Péwé of Peterson's 4-Wheel & Off-Road magazine to compete in the infamous Cheap Truck ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On this episode of Roadkill we got together with Rick Pewe and Fred Williams of 4-Wheel & Off-Road magazine and joined up in their cheap truck challenge. This is a contest where each guy has to buy a truck for 2,000 bucks and hop it up for another 2,000 and then go head to head in a number of competitions that test the vehicles ability, reliability, and coolness factor. (engine revs) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (shots fire) (tires squeal) (rock music) Our truck is a '79 Ford Bronco. We overspent on it at twenty five hundred bucks but our argument was, it was ready to go as is. It even already had a six inch lift and some 33 inch mud terrain tires. It's got a 351 V8, beefy c6 trans, the best 205 gear driven transfer case, a Ford nine inch in the back and a Dana 44 in the front. Rick opted for a 1980 Toyota pickup. This things almost retro it's so cool. I think he really cheated on the price though, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'cause he's got a brand new Marlin Crawler low range transfer case in it. He put lockers at both ends, he's got a lift kit on it, brand new Mickey Thompson 33 inch tires, so it's going to perform really well, even though it's bogus. Fred's truck is cool. It's an '87 Suburban and I really dig it 'cause it's a stripper model, with no air conditioning. It also has a four speed which is going to help a lot. He threw an off-road design lift kit on it and some cool Super Swampers. In the end we all spent about the same on our trucks. Right at 35 hundred bucks each. We'll find out how they stack up in the competition. (lively country music) We're here at Fred William's house in Atascadero California. He's the staffer at 4-Wheel and Off-Road who's setting this whole thing up. We're only two and a half hours late, who's missing? - Rick Pewe, late as usual. - Guaranteed. The sun will be down behind those bushes by the time Rick gets here. Where's Fred with the beer? - Cheap truck challenge is the competition against the budget. If you're a 17 year old kid and you worked all summer long and you only made a few thousand dollars, what would you buy? How would you fix it up? Each editor got a vehicle, did some upgrades to it and then we're going to go out, take 'em four-wheeling, but they also have to still be reliable and something you can drive to work or school every day. - Nope. - Aw. - Yeah, no, we're still here at the house. Nah, Pewe's not here yet, as usual. - I got a good feeling about this one. (fast-paced country music) - This is total flashback. Like everyone I knew in the 80's had one of these. - Right now the last thing is to put the drive shaft on. I took it off because of the transfer case is brand new. I didn't want to take that chance of burnin' it out. So I'll put it on. There's only eight bolts, done. I'm ready to go wheelin'. The worst thing about this challenge is, I don't have a clue. Fred said be here on time, which for me I am, and we're going to go wheeling. I dunno where, I don't know what, he says to bring a gallon of milk, I have no idea what that means either. So, I'm up for it. I got my drive shaft, I got my truck. I'm ready. - The thing I'd like to point out right now, is that the Hot Rod team showed up having driven our truck here, completely ready to go. We stood around for four hours waiting for Pewe and he's still working on it after driving here with his luxurious Apollo motorhome. Fail. (engine churns) (spray can hisses) - That's a nuisance. (engine rattles) (engine churns) - [Voiceover] The first thing we're going to do is a ride and drive. Everybody gets to drive each others vehicles. We'll check fuel economy. It's all kind of an on-road test. - Works fine. - Aww Toyota. - Where's the seat belt in this piece of (bleep)? (engine squeals) - Make sure he loses the fuel economy test, let's drive it all the way there in first. (laughing) - This thing has a real sucky clutch. ♫ Everyday I'm shufflin'♫. - Let's just go off-roading right now. - Right there. - Coming over. - Oh yeah, this is winning the drag race. - Really? - Yeah. - Oh yeah, you want some? Yeehaw! - Ugh now he's wasting our gas. - Yeah he is. - That was a gallon right there. - Hello officer. - This steering wheel is falling off. You see that? - [Voiceover] This is our special test facility, top-secret ranch in the middle of nowhere. - We start with a drag race and then obstacle course, maybe play in the mud a little, so we have a few different things we're going to try. We also have some guests. These are the land rover off-road training instructors. These guys are used to really high end vehicles so they'll be perfect for testing and judging our piles of garbage. - This is the drag race. Now unlike most drag races where you start on the flat surface, because our vehicles are a little bit older and maybe need a little help because they're low buck, we're starting on this hill. The land rover guys here are going to show us how it's done. Ready? Go! (engines rev) - I was a little worried about the brakes on these vehicles, once I saw the finish line and the distance to the ditch but really that's not much of a ditch. Bob Hope could clear that in a jump cart. (rock music) That looks close enough. (engines rev) (camera shutters) Woohoohoohoo! - I'm happy. - Nope. Best two out of three. Completely bogus. - Ah. (camera shutters) It's sabotage. - Point system for first, second, and third with D and F get zero. - It was a photo finish. - The second one I thought I got that. - Right at the end, yeah. - David and Finnegan, D and F. - So the other guys claiming a victory, I'm not buyin' it. - Alright, alright, one more time. One more time. - Who's the official, who's the official? (camera shutters) - Suck it! - So you're not fired. What happened? - The key uh, to the Bronco winning, neutral drops. - Oh no way. That's not a long term solution, I hate to break it to you. - Nobody won the race! - Yeah, our competitiveness is not going to pay off at this point, I can tell. - Hey as long as I win one event, that's all I care about. - [Voiceover] The winner of the drag race, by a mile, was the Bronco. - What is the deal? (engine sputters) - So the Bronco, she's a little tired after drag racing and she really doesn't want to run right now. Crank. (engine turning over) Let's do the sock on the carburetor. - You rev up the engine, hold a rag over the intake and what it does is it stops the airflow and the engine vaccuum sucks all the dirt and fuel through all the little venturis and everything else and clears it out, makes it work. Now it's ready to go. (engine revs) - [Freiburger] It's mint. - [Pewe] Much better. - [Freiburger] Yeah. - [Finnegan] That's what happens when you fail to pop the hood open on a newly purchased automobile before you go try to enter a cheap truck challenge. - So what's next is a crawl race. This showcases the crawl rate of the vehicles to see how slow they can go if you're creepy crawling across some rocks. So we'll actually start all the vehicles together first gear, low range, and see which one is the slowest moving down the course. - On your marks, get set, go! (door slams) - Aw yeah. (laughter) - I can steer it can't I? - [Pewe] Hey, you got help. Nobody's driving it. - [Finnegan] You have to go in between the orange flags. - What? - [Freiburger] So in theory Rick won that deal because he was the last one there and we lost 'cause we were first but dude I got to ask the question what 17 year old kid wants his truck to be slower? So by the apparent inverted judging standard, I'm calling that a win. Next. - [Voiceover] In the crawling competition, clearly the winner was the Toyota. - [Pewe} This is the milk cart challenge where we have a milk jug taped to the hood of the vehicle and as you go along it starts squirtin' out and that shows you how well your suspension is working. - This is as if you were a kid hanging out in the woods with your buddies and all of a sudden you had to get in your vehicle really quick and race out of there. So this will be a timed event to see who can get to the end of the course the fastest. The guy with the most milk in the jug at the end of the race gets extra points. - [Voiceover] Standby. Go. (country music) - Once I got to the creek bed and make a left up to the hill I figured I'm already losing milk so I just nail it. I just started going in four high. Then I really wanted to launch it over this hill but with my Toyota I couldn't do it so kept it in four low, second gear. I just went the rest of the course, sliding, sliding and spurting, spurting, it was like a volcano coming out both ends. I get down to the bottom and I wanted to do a real tight 360 so I took it out of four wheel drive but it didn't come out of four wheel drive so I had this super long curve. That cost me a little bit of time. Time wasn't bad but I lost a lot of milk. - So the flag dropped and I ran and got in the Suburban and my seat belt jammed. I'm sure I ate up a bunch of time just doing that. Come on! The Suburban just soaked up the bumps down through the river bed. I really wasn't too worried about the milk situation 'cause there's tons of milk out there. I can always buy more milk. I knew I had wheel base and power so I figured I'd just throttle it down and see what happens. I took it up through the hills and when I came down through the bushes and the trees I think I smacked one of those cameras on the side. Luckily I was able to throttle it through the big doughnut at the end and come in strong. I don't know how I did on time but I think I did pretty good on not losing too much milk out of the whole jug so. I'm pretty sure I'm going to win it. - I had this idea that I could go through my passenger door since I don't have a door which was going to save me time versus the other guys having to run around. I think that really worked. Didn't really get any air. I was trying to modulate the throttle to keep the thing down, soak up the bumps, and stay on the terrain and go fast. I went all the way down the river bed in two wheel drive and jumped up out of the bed in two wheel drive and when I had to through that little notch though I went to four high. There was the point where you had to make the doughnut around the three flags and I kicked it into two wheel drive and I thought I was just going to whip it around but I think that the transfer case stayed in four because it just pushed the front end really bad. When that happened I killed it. I thought ugh I'm completely done now. Oh! I got it fired back up and still made it through the gates way faster than those other guys. I'm just going to win this thing on time because who cares if you spill milk. - I really don't think I won but I think I did better than the Bronco. I can't wait to find out. - Freiburger did pretty good in the Bronco but I really expected it to come off the ground a lot more than he had it. I'm pretty sure I'm going to win it. - Oh I totally owned both those guys that time. That was a big victory. - [Voiceover] In its second victory so far, the Bronco. - So this next one is a V-notch and a hill climb all in the same thing. You're going to climb up, weave back and forth, get to the top, loop it around, and come back down. It's going to be speed but it's also going to be gracefulness. So we'll see what we can do. - Go! (rock music) - [Voiceover] Now hit the Toyota. (laughter) - On your mark, get set, go. - Holy sh. - Mark, get set, go. - Dude this Suburban gets it, in case you were wondering. - [Voiceover] At the hill climb, Bronco wins again. - [Williams] Everybody wanted to go for the mud hole and they somehow convinced me to go first and the first time I dumped it in there whooosh, water all over the hood, and it just kept on pullin' raaa, came right on out. Eat it bitches! I'm pretty sure that I won the mud bog 'cause I don't think anybody else is going to follow me where I just went. (laughing) - I moved my air cleaner up and around on the snorkel to the back, then I skirted to the edge, I was still all in the mud, I only got half of it muddy. Only half of it dirty and I made it through. So that was good, I had a great line. - Power bag, food. I didn't know if I wanted to do the mud but as soon as I saw Rick take the gull around I knew I couldn't do that because I would have to not make fun of him for it. So I went right through the middle but not with quite the speed that Fred did. - Freiburger goes through in his big 'ole Bronco raaar, except he was wearing a dress too so he doesn't count. - I didn't want to go, in fact I punked out and didn't get in this to go. No doors, no way to keep me dry. I'm not going. - [Freiburger] Chick. - Totally. - They were like do it again, do it again, as they do and when you get through once, you think you're unstoppable. So we went around again, scaboosh, water everywhere, and then I realized submersion is not good for Suburban and she shut down, we got a bunch of water everywhere. So we towed her over here, pulled all the plugs, cranked her over, shot some water out of the cylinders, luckily she cranked back up, we're going to put a new air cleaner in it and go home. - [Voiceover] In the mud pit, got to go with the Suburban. - We are at the Pismo Dunes, and today we're out playin' in the sand. (rock music) We got to play in the mud and the hills, obstacle course yesterday. Today we're kind of wrapping up cheap truck challenge by coming out here and just whipping around in the sand, and maybe see if we can catch a little air off some dunes. - The Toyota loves the dunes. I could even do it in first gear, high range, I don't have to go into low range except for some of those real tough places I need crawl out of. But if you keep the R's up, keep the momentum going, it just floats. Can goes through the bulge, can crash some of the dunes it's really going to be fun when we finally get things jumpin' around here. - [Williams] I came out here in the Suburban and I dropped the thing into low range and I was like this things just going to get stuck but I put it in third and just got on it and the thing would just start pulling the tires weren't digging in. I was barreling through. I took it off one of those dunes, BAM, I had this huge mess in the back. The cooler was upside down there was drinks and water and ice all over the place. So we dug that out. I was kind of surprised how well the big truck was doing. - Today the dunes are full of hater and punks that all got roosted on by the Bronco. Which I'm now renaming the Master Blaster 'cause she's that good in the dunes. We carved higher on the dune than anybody else. That nice bowl right there. It's a little gutless but to be honest it holds a line better than anything else out here in the dunes. - [Voiceover] You get to go first Bronco boy. - Okay um, somebody say something nice to my wife and kid and dog after this. - The spine buster. - I think I can do better than that. (laughing) The jump was deceptive. It was more like hitting a big speed bump going a little faster than you intended and it just boom like that and hucked the Bronco into the air long enough that I could say oh (bleep) to myself three times. I'm sore. Landing was a little stiff. I dunno I didn't see Pewe and Williams hit it that hard so once again I think we should have the trophy. - [Voiceover] In the sand dunes the Suburban was cool but Hot Rod wins again. In the end, do the math man. We came, we saw, we conquered. I got to say though, if you were really going to go rock crawling, Rick's Toyota would be the best truck and if I had to own one to drive every single day, I'd pick the Suburban. But the ultimate all around vehicle proven beyond a shadow of a doubt, the Hot Rod Bronco. We'll see you again on the next Roadkill. Where we have outrageous fun for no apparent reason. (rock music) - Hey baby. - Finnegan left his phone in here. I'm going to call his mom. Hi. Hi mom. I miss you. (laughing) - America. Is that copyrighted? Be sure and strap your stuff down when you're at the dunes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 