Criminal: Spain: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal: Spain 
 s1e3 - Carmelo - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal: Spain (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Carmelo - full transcript 
 Tensions flare between the detectives when an interrogation ventures into morally ambiguous territory regarding a suspect personally connected to María. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I'm calm, I'm calm... - You sure? He tried to get away... And you got nervous. Sit down. We'll sort it out. You know me, I'm not aggressive. Nothing like this has ever happened to me. - Don't think about that now. - But I want you to know. The problem is that the solicitor will want to file a complaint. - A complaint? - About the state you left his client in. He's going to blame it on me? Me? He'll argue police abuse to prejudice the case. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And we don't want that to happen, right? No, of course not... So you have to make a statement explaining what happened. OK. - He resisted arrest. - Very good. Was there a struggle? Yes, of course. My partner was there, he's a witness. Did you feel threatened in any way? Threatened, threatened... Take your time. Think about whether... whether he intimidated you. Whether you felt scared. Let's see. The guy was really high, shouting, spitting, like a crazy person. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And he's a dealer, you know? - A drug addict. - A drug addict. I don't want a guy like this to spit on me. He might give me... I don't know... hepatitis... Or AIDS. Or AIDS. And I wonder, during the struggle, didn't he try to take your weapon? He took advantage that you were off guard and slipped it from your holster. Try hard to remember. - Yes, yes, I think so. - No, you don't think. He took it and pointed it at you, he even pulled the trigger. But since you had the safety on... - It didn't go off. - It didn't go off. But you were really scared. Scared of dying. I have two kids. The oldest is seven. They would have been orphaned. - I don't even want to think about it. - But you did, all of a sudden. And that made you act with a lot of anger. A lot. A lot, Inspector. You know what we need to do now? What? Tell the Inspector. - The Inspector? - She wants to help you too. She's going to ask you to put all this in writing. Can you do that? That'll fix everything, right? That'll fix everything. So why did you call me? I wanted to see you. No. You didn't want to see me. You wanted to get laid. That's all. Carlos is listening. You think he doesn't know? That's not true. - What isn't true? - That I just wanted to sleep with you. Then what's going on? - What's going on? - Yes. What's going on? On Tuesday you tell me it's best to stop it and three days later you show up at my house to screw. - I'm 20 years older than you, Rai. - I couldn't care less. I'm very complicated. You're just afraid. - Afraid? - Yes. You are afraid to take that step. - I'm fine as I am. - No, you are not. You don't know me, Rai. Have you been pretending, then? Because there are some things you can tell, you can feel. It's best if we don't hook up, OK? And this time I promise I won't call you again. Rai, I want to keep working with you. Because you're good, not because I'm sleeping with you. - That has nothing to do with it. - It has everything to do with it. And in the end I'll have to choose. - So I'd rather be clear. - María. Workmates? No hard feelings. Done and dusted. - Are you sure? - He's going to allege attempted murder. Tell him to come in. Leo. Is everything OK? I'm really sorry about what happened. You have nothing to be sorry about. You made a great arrest. Do you know how many years we've been after Carmelo? Yes, the Inspector told me. - He's a killer. - He tried to take my gun. - He would have killed you, right, Carlos? - No doubt in my mind. Now you have to put it in writing. They're bringing up the suspect. Perfect, Jorge. Would you mind going with Leo to an office and taking his statement? No problem. When ready, sign it and bring it to me. - And the documents I asked for. - Of course, Inspector. Everything will be all right. Well, I'll be in the observation room. You're not staying for the questioning? What for? You don't need me. You've been waiting for this for years. It's your case. María de los Ángeles Toranzo. That woman doesn't age, does she? Look, if I didn't know you better, I'd say you'd had work done. But with your foul temper no one would dare put you on the operating table to slice your face up. - What's up, Carlos? - Carmelo. - How's your emphysema? - Same as the last time. - But you're still here working hard. - From 8 to 5. - Don't tell me you've switched to e-cigs. - They're for pussies. That's my boy, Carlos. Well, are you going to take this shit off? Sorry. You did resist arrest. What? Resisted, my ass, have you seen the state they left me in? - Where's Joaquín? - He isn't here. - What...? Have you told him? - Commissioners don't come to these things. - Ah, shit, so Joaquín is Commissioner now. - And I'm in charge of the unit. Congratulations, I'm sure you deserve it. - Very much so. - Right, Carlos, of course. I like that, people evolving. Not like you, right? You're as cynical as ever. And I'm sure you're fucking the interns. - Or don't you have interns here anymore? - Not anymore. That's a shame. Let me roll a cigarette before we start. - You can't smoke here. - You're fucking kidding me, María. You've finally got me here just like you wanted me, totally screwed. Let me smoke. What's up? - Good afternoon. - Afternoon. Good afternoon. I want my client's physical state to be noted for the record. He's been seen by a doctor. If you want, you can take a photo and submit it as graphic evidence. Shall we begin? At 20:44 hours on August 28th, 2018, in the presence of Chief Inspector, María de los Ángeles Toranzo Puig, badge number 56787. And Inspector Carlos Cerdeño Varona, badge number 78323. Civilian Carmelo Al Husaini... - Al Huzaini. - Identification number 425031890T. Born in Marrakesh. Son of Hammed and María. Damn! My surname. They really went to town on him, didn't they? He tried to escape, I think. - How much did we catch him with? - A kilo of cocaine. ...people go crazy. He won't get away with it this time. ...get excited. Carmelo doesn't do anything for nothing. ...it's racist. If he asked to make a statement, it's because he has a plan. - A plan? - To sing. - And who's he going to rat on? - Whoever he needs to. He's been up to his neck in it for years. He knows all the scum in Madrid. Are we discussing Arab philosophy? He'll want immunity and a deal with the prosecutor. ...I'll talk about the conquest of Granada... You let me know when he does, OK? ...about the need to stop eating meat. You've really got it in for him, haven't you? You're the suspect. You choose what you want to talk about. Weren't you supposed to be in the interview with María? No. It suits you, playing good cop with her. There's no need today... Did you change your...? I was at a wedding. I see... Let's see... The first thing I want to say is that I am not a terrorist. I say this because of this morning's attack in Alicante. Even though I have an Arabic surname, I have nothing to do with jihadism. Not now, not ever. I'm Catalan. You were born in Marrakesh. But my mother was Catalan and I grew up in Badalona, that's why I have this accent, you know. Do you understand? My mother always wanted us to speak Catalan at home. OK, we get it. Well, you know me. There isn't a fundamentalist bone in my body. We know you're a drinker, a womaniser, and an atheist. And very Catalan. Careful. I'm not pro-independence either, right? You don't say. You can't understand the independence movement from a mixed race perspective and I am mixed race. Not very Arab, true, because my mother's genes are dominant, and she was from Palafrugell. Let's get down to the facts. As Kahlil Gibran used to say, "Show me your mother's face, and I'll tell you who you are." - The facts. - Beautiful. OK. These are the facts. I'm neither a terrorist nor pro-independence. Just a drug dealer. I request that this comment be withdrawn. No, no, it's OK. It's OK. I do like drugs. And if I'm here it's to be honest and speak with my heart on my sleeve. The fact that you might like drugs does not make you a drug dealer. You let me say what I want to, OK? You'll have to excuse her because she's new at doing criminal law and she's a bit lost, but she'll learn. Shit, you look like your sister from here. Your side view. I dated her sister. - Let's get down to the facts. - Yes, let's get to the facts. I left Alicante... about ten in the morning. This morning. This morning, with a backpack containing two t-shirts, three pairs of underpants and a kilo of cocaine. The cocaine has not yet been analysed, and its degree of purity not determined. I'll tell you how pure it is, 87%. - Can I talk to my client for a minute? - No, you can't. - He's incriminating himself. - No, I'm not. I'm cooperating with the authorities. And might I remind you that you are here to challenge the prosecution, not the defence. May I continue? Well, where were we? So... Yes, a backpack, two t-shirts, three pairs of underpants, a kilo of cocaine. I took a taxi to Madrid. - At ten in the morning. - At ten in the morning along the A31. The idea was to arrive in Madrid at lunchtime, more or less. But at around Albacete, we heard the news on the radio about the jihadist attack. On COPE radio. And that's where the problems began. What do you mean? The driver started laying into Arabs, "fucking Arabs, fuck them to hell...", blah, blah, blah. Naturally, you can only take it up to a certain point, because although my genes are mostly Catalan, I'm still an Al Huzaini. Of course... So in the end I say to the guy to stop dissing Arabs because 500 years ago, when people here were drowning in shit, the children of Algiers were already solving logarithms. That's for real, it's true, right? I'm not making that up. But some people really don't like hearing that. - Like your driver. - You can't imagine how he reacted. I was just another shitty Arab, my mother was a whore for fucking a Maghrebi. - In the end, I had to hit him. - And he hit you back. That's why your face is like that, right? No, Carlos, no. No, no, no. You know very well why it's like this. So you fought in the car. Yeah, and the guy stops and leaves me on the highway with my backpack and my kilo of coke. You can imagine that I was shitting myself. Oh, I can imagine. A dealer with a kilo of coke in the middle of the highway. Do you have any water? What? Water, if you have any water. My throat gets dry when I talk about this. Look. Everything's in there, boss. Perfect. Would you mind bringing a glass of water to the suspect, please? Look, now you're here, make it a coffee. Do me a favour. Is he playing the joker because he's nervous, or is that just the way he is? It's the cocaine. He tested positive for everything apart from paracetamol. So he's on a buzz. He's no dummy. Is that what you saw? In 15 years we've accused him of four homicides, three actual and one attempted, and can you guess how long he's served in prison? Not a single day. How does he do it? He knows the penal code better than a distinguished professor of law. So then Joaquín was right. He'll seek an agreement with the prosecutor. Fuck that. Fuck what? Hasn't María told you? Told me what? One of the people he killed was a relative of hers. - It was an accident, wasn't it? - Accident. It isn't right to get personal on these cases. Since when have you been concerned about that? It's the right way of doing things. The day we had the Dalmatian you weren't so concerned, were you? If María feels guilty that he isn't locked up, she should be in therapy, not the interview room. What happened between you and María? This is your life. - I don't know what you're talking about. - Don't you? You know, don't you? Any volunteers to put a bit of sugar in Carmelo's coffee? When did you have the test done? Two hours. Two hours. That's how long it took to get to the guesthouse. Didn't you call your contact to pick you up? He told me he couldn't come until the next day. There were a lot of police checkpoints on the roads, what with the attack. What happened in the guesthouse? I asked for a room, showed my ID. And the receptionist noticed your surname, Al Huzaini. My surname and the way I looked. Sweating, pale after walking I don't know how many kilometres. Did he ask you anything? He asked me where I was from and that kind of thing, I told him... that my car had broken down and I needed to spend the night there. And the coke? I hid it outside the house, just in case. In a plot of land. Just in case. What happened next? Well then... Well... I assume the asshole called the police saying that there was a terrorist there. You assume? I assume. What else do you assume? That the officer uploaded my details and so you received the alert that Carmelo Al Huzaini was alone, sweaty, and without luggage at a guesthouse near Albacete. The same day that a bomb explodes in Alicante. You're suggesting unproven facts. No. I'm just saying what the alert said. And since you all really want me. I would have gone to get you myself. If only you had, sweetheart. If you like, I'll tell you how your little police buddy gave me this face. - I look forward to hearing your version. - It isn't my version, it's the version. I'm listening. Well, it's very simple. They asked me where my car was, I told them somewhere, they asked me to take them, I went with them but I couldn't remember... It isn't that you couldn't remember, it didn't exist. Well, whatever. The thing is they started to get tense. - Tense... - Very tense. I asked them to relax. And that's when I got the first whack. Just for that? You've got some really sick people in here. You know? What happened after the first blow? There was a second, and a third, and a fourth. So just before the fifth I ran. Attempted escape. No, injuries and abuse of authority. The problem is that they caught me after ten metres and they really went for me then. Which is why we are going to file a complaint against the officers involved. Perfect. Then what happened? Well... If they beat your face to a pulp, you end up talking. That's what I did. Talk. Define talking. Well... I took them to where I had hidden the coke. With a purity of 87%. Which means six to nine years in prison. Let's not speculate. Let's see, I could make a stink about the violence of your officers, I could make accusations, demand liability... And you know I'll do it. It won't be the first time. You're something else, Carmelo, you're something else. But I don't want to be something else. This time, you've got me. Good. - And it's made me reflect a lot about... - The meaning of life? No, being marginalised. Because I've always been marginalised. I've been a victim. Son of a Maghrebi. Are you going to play the minority card? Look, María, I'm 55 and still a dealer. I've got three kids who I don't see, they don't want to know me. So the beating really cleared things up for you. Whatever, I don't resent it. So I'm willing to reconsider my way of life and take a step forward. Which involves...? Giving you information. - Shall we call Joaquín now? - Call him for what? - He's just offered to cooperate. - Let's see what he proposes. Joaquín said to let him know. If he asks for an agreement with the prosecutor. Let María push him a bit more. ...look at what you want to do. That's the thing with old age. It makes us wise. And what kind of information are you planning to give us? The Lallana brothers. The Lallanas control all the drugs in Madrid. It might be a bluff. You're going along with María. - She's doing the right thing. - No. I've been working for ten years with María, I know her strengths and weaknesses. When she's right I support her. Did you go to the same wedding? You don't get it, right? What should I get? That to survive here you have to be a hypocrite, manipulative and opportunistic. No, just emotionally intelligent. I know the houses where the Lallanas operate, I know the accountant who does their books. Do you know what you're doing? Naturally, given what I'm about to reveal, I need guarantees that I won't set foot inside the slammer. And as you can't give me that until you get approval from the prosecutor, my statement ends here. Are we coming out on top, Carlos? A kilo of cocaine is one hell of a kilo of cocaine. And the Lallana brothers are a hell of a lot of Lallana. Will you let the guys who control all the cocaine in Madrid walk free so that you can give some loser six years? Or nine. Look, when I want to be, I'm a saint. With good behaviour I'll be back on the street in five. Is it really worth it? You know what, Carmelo? I wasn't planning to charge you with drug trafficking. Oh no? No. Then what? Well, take your pick. I'm not too clear about your involvement in the jihadist attack. Right, Carlos? He got on the defensive from the beginning. And nervous. You're speculating. - You've got nothing on me there. - Nothing? 11M was funded by the sale of hashish. I wonder whether Carmelo Al Huzaini's real objective with cocaine was to fund Islamic extremism. This isn't 11M. How long would he get for links to a terrorist organisation? Twenty years plus, hmm? At most, and if you're really good... Rai! - You'd serve 12 or 14 with good behaviour. - Rai! I demand to speak with my client alone. We haven't finished yet. Earlier I said that we had a choice of crimes to charge you with. Option A is jihadism and, sure, there are some loose ends to tie up. But don't you want to know about option B? Which is actually A. Attempted murder of an officer of the law. - What...? - What are you talking about? Your bruised face isn't because our officers were heavy handed, but because you tried to snatch a regulation weapon and shoot one of them. I tried to shoot him? We have his testimony with a sworn statement, and the officer who accompanied him as a witness. You're crazy! Hey, where is Joaquín? Joaquín! Joaquín! May I see the officer's statement? This is a set up. A lousy fucking set up. We once arrested you for possession of a firearm, so you know how to use one. But why the hell would I want to kill a cop? Who came up with this bullshit? The cocaine, Carmelo. It clouds your mind, affects your reasoning. You tested positive for cocaine, hashish and meth. Here are the results. What do you have against me? What do I have against you? I'm handing you the Lallanas on a plate, and you want to con 20 years out of me for something I didn't do. I want you to go to prison, Carmelo. I didn't attempt to kill anyone. You know what this is? What's going on here? These are crimes your client got away with at the time. The hit and run of Andrea Rondi and Rubén Pacheco, eight years ago. That was an accident. While you were fleeing the scene of a violent robbery. Listen, Andrea Rondi was the Inspector's second cousin. So I ask, is it not illegal to be interviewed by the victim's relative? Recusals are only for judges and prosecutors. As you very well know. It doesn't seem very ethical. You want to talk about ethics. - I wasn't even charged for that. - Yes, you were charged, Carmelo. But it didn't go to trial because of procedural errors. There was also a violent assault in 2014. Do you remember Cristóbal Agras? A transvestite who was working as a prostitute. He was a dealer that sold to kids outside a high school. You beat him up to mark your territory and then threw him from the fourth floor, which left him quadriplegic. I had nothing to do with that. - He identified you. - And then he took it back. Under threat. Are you seriously bringing out all the crap you've been keeping on me, just to make you feel better? And we still have the murder of Tomás Musaka. Come on now, Musaka, seriously? - Abdul Sharif implicated you. - But he did it himself! Abdul Sharif died of an overdose, and no one was ever charged for the murder. María, could I have a moment? Commissioner, how nice to see you. Try to control your people in here. Interview suspended at 9:06 p.m. Excuse me a moment. You're a bunch of bastards. You already know how this goes. What are you doing, María? - Questioning a suspect. - No, you're fucking up a case. Me? He's offered us the Lallana brothers! Is that the problem? - You don't think it's a big deal? - Honestly, no, I don't. Especially if it means that Carmelo goes scot-free. Rai is right. You're making it personal. I don't like Carmelo walking either, Commissioner. What the fuck is this? Fuenteovejuna? You're taking the case in the wrong direction. Carmelo's crime is against public health. Period. What are we talking about here, getting him to give us the Lallanas so we get medals? - Is... is that it? - It's not a matter of medals. Yes, it's a matter of medals, Joaquín, and I don't want to be part of it. Because it's personal. Well yeah, it is personal. This guy made an 8-year old boy an orphan. María... And I had to break the news. So, an eye for an eye. This bastard hasn't slept one night in jail, and now that we've got him, we're going to let him go? Are we going to hand him over to the prosecutor so he can cough up some names and an address and be back on the street the day after tomorrow? Yes. Joaquín, do you want to go see my nephew and tell him that all he's gone through, all the sleepless nights remembering his mother are worth less than the Lallana brothers? Is that it? You tell me. You tell me, Joaquín. And I swear I'll go back in there, and put all those papers right back in the folder and we'll focus on the Lallanas. But I want you to ask me. You know I won't ask you. Then let me finish this, please. María. - María. - Not now, Rai. The cocaine will see him in prison for a while. - You don't need to make anything up. - I'm not making anything up. Charge him with a crime against public health. You didn't want to question him, remember? - I even offered you a hand. - So we'll turn the page, right? You know what your problem is, Rai? You can't keep things separate. Neither can you. Aren't you going to do anything? It's up to her. You know this is illegal, right? Presenting me with crimes for me to choose. You've always been very lucky, Carmelo. You've been lucky not to go to prison, and now you'll be lucky to get there. If you want to risk being charged with the attempted murder of a police officer plus possession of cocaine, that's your call. Musaka wasn't an attempt, it was murder. That's a lot more years. Hey... What did Joaquín say? Your confession would mitigate it. And in that case we could do something about the kilo of coke too. Do what? Reduce the purity. With powdered milk? I can't believe what I'm hearing here. If you're not convinced, choose one of the others. - The killing of Andrea and Rubén. - That was a traffic accident! You were driving away from the robbery of an internet café with people inside. That's violent robbery. Doing 100 km/h on a road with a speed limit of 30. Negligence. A hit and run. That's manslaughter. And you left them lying in the street without helping them. That's failure to provide assistance. The maximum for those crimes comes to almost 15 years. Screw that. You can negotiate with the prosecutor for no more than eight. And the kilo of cocaine? If you confess to this one, we'll forget about the cocaine. - That easy? - I'll take responsibility for it. Why? I want him to pay for what he did. - It was a fucking accident! - It was manslaughter, Carmelo. That's enough. At least have the dignity to take responsibility for what you did, if only to free yourself of a longer sentence. The only one here who wants to free themselves of a sentence is you. For what you did wrong, you can't forgive yourself... And I accept responsibility. I've been accepting it for eight years, but you know what? My sentence ends today, and yours begins. Musaka's murder. Can we negotiate his involvement? Perpetrator or accomplice. It comes down to the same thing. Only accessory could bring me a lesser sentence. Accessory - in your dreams. You're determined to get your way, no matter what. Your time's up. Either you choose one or I'm afraid you're left with attempted murder of a national police officer plus a kilo of cocaine. Can I speak to my solicitor alone? - Your time is up. - Five minutes. Your time is up. What do you say? I don't know. What do you mean? Say something or help me, fuck! Shit. Anything? Choose now or you'll get 20 years, Carmelo. Your time's up. Twenty years going once. What are you doing? - Twenty years going twice. - Wait, wait, wait. - The hit-and-run. - What? - The hit-and-run. - Are you sure? We can negotiate to get you less than ten years. - And 20 years going... - Wait. Wait. The hit-and-run. Shall we take down a statement with the confession? "In revenge and in love, woman is more barbaric than man is." Nietzsche. The attempted murder of the officer who arrested Carmelo. It's all a lie. They made it up to justify the beating they gave your client. I'm sorry, who are you? Tell the Inspector what I told you and she'll have to make do with what she has. What she has...? Your client is going to serve the appropriate sentence for trafficking a kilo of cocaine with a purity of 87%. No more, no less. Would you be willing to say that in front of the judge? Your colleagues are going to hate you. They already hate me. What's happening, Rai? Know that my client will plead guilty to possession of one kilo of cocaine. And we will negotiate a deal with the prosecutor to guarantee immunity. Do you have any idea what you've done? Prevented you from getting involved in a crime. Which is what a good colleague would do, right? - You've just ruined your career. - No, I've just saved yours. Son of a bitch. You were right. In the end we always have to choose. And what have you chosen, Rai? Screwing me over? What have you chosen? Justice. Your colleague has chosen justice. Subtitle translation: Judith Barclay 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 