Gilligan's Island: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gilligan's Island 
 s1e18 - X Marks the Spot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gilligan's Island (1964–1992): Season 1, Episode 18 - X Marks the Spot - full transcript 
 The military launches a experimental warhead at the island. When the new weapon fails to detonate Gilligan has to climb inside and disarm it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ["The Ballad Of  Gilligan's Island"] ¶ Just sit right back  and you'll hear a tale ¶ ¶ A tale of a fateful trip ¶ ¶ That started from  this tropic port ¶ ¶ Aboard this tiny ship ¶ ¶ The mate was  a mighty sailin' man ¶ ¶ The Skipper brave and sure ¶ ¶ Five passengers  set sail that day ¶ ¶ For a three hour tour ¶ ¶ A three hour tour ¶ [thunder rumbling] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¶ The weather started  getting rough ¶ ¶ The tiny ship was tossed ¶ ¶ If not for the courage  of the fearless crew ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The ship set ground  on the shore ¶ ¶ Of this uncharted  desert isle ¶ ¶ With Gilligan ¶ ¶ The Skipper too ¶ ¶ The millionaire ¶ ¶ And his wife ¶ ¶ The movie star ¶ ¶ And the rest ¶ ¶ Are here on Gilligan's isle ¶ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Major, Operation Powderkeg is ready for the final phase. Yes, sir. Now, we'll learn exactly what that new warhead will do. It's to be tested down the South Sea Missile Range. We found the perfect place. No habitation, no people. 'That's wonderful, sir'' 'I'll release an announcement to the press and radio stations.' Here, Skipper.  Here's the pole you wanted. Thanks a lot, Gilligan. "X" marks the spot. This is where it will go up. - Oh.  - Ow! Not that. The play room. Yeah. It's  a good idea, Skipper. If we're gonna be stuck here we might as well have fun. Certainly, that's why I  suggested we build a play room. A nice big one. May as well  make the island nice. Can we have a dance? Well, that's not too good  a suggestion. We're only three women and four  men. It might cause trouble. No, that's okay nowadays, Skipper. They don't dance in couples, they just choose up sides. [laughs] Very good. Well, now you start  sawing the poles and I wanna listen  to the noon day news. Oh, uh, do you know who has the radio? Uh, oh, yeah,  Professor has it. - Thank you. - Wait a minute, wait a minute. - No, Mary Ann has it.  - Ah. No, no, wait. Ginger, she has it. No, no. The Howells,  they have it. Gilligan, do you know who has the radio? No. Of course not. Saw. [dramatic music] You sent for me, sir? Did you released the information on Operation Powderkeg? Yes, sir, the press  have been notified and all radio stations  in the South Sea area. Good, judging from  this latest report projected power of this  new warhead is fantastic. Everything within a radius  of a hundred miles will be totally destroyed. Hi, folks. Have you seen the radio? I haven't seen it. Maybe the girls have it. Skipper, it's  very fascinating. Professor is making  a mirror for Mrs. Howell. Maybe he'll make one  for you too. Thanks, I'd rather have the radio not a mirror. I'm more interested in good news than bad news. [laughs] (man on radio)  'One, two, three, four.' 'One, two, three, four.' 'One, two, three, four.' 'One, two, three, four.' 'One, two, three, four.' 'One, two, three, four.' 'And now you can rest.' [sighs] (Skipper)  And now, ladies, the next  exercise is a real tough one. Deep knee bends. Ready? One. Wonder why he has us down here so long? I don't know. If we'd been doing  these exercises all along we'd be in good shape. I don't see how you exercise in that dress. It's so tight. I'm surprised it doesn't cut off circulation. Honey, in Hollywood the tighter the dress,  the more the girl circulates. Then, what are you ladies  doing down there? - Oh, Skipper.  - What's going on? - You turned it off!  - Oh, Skipper. I was just having a little fun. - That wasn't very nice.  - It certainly wasn't. (man on radio) 'That was a special news bulletin from Radio Honolulu..' [radio static] What's the matter  with the radio? - I don't know.  - Skipper? - Radio's gone dead.  - Dead? Oh, dear. Can you tell  what's wrong, Professor? Well, nothing seems to be broken. I'd say it was the batteries. Oh, well, without the batteries  it may as well be broken. I'm afraid you're right. There goes our only contact with civilization. This is the final authorization for Operation Powderkeg. Have you been in touch with Vandenberg? Yes, sir, they can get the warhead installed the missile ready by tomorrow. Just need your approval. - Permission granted.  - Thank you, sir. [dramatic music] [whizzing] Oh, this is dreadful. Without the radio how will  I keep up with the fashion? I won't know what's  happening in Hollywood. - Who's getting married to who? - Whom. Now, that's women for you. One worrying about what the other women are wearing. The other one worrying about whom they're wearing. - Who.  - Yeah, yeah. Darling, you're only interested  in the stock market. We women have  more important interests. Oh, that's right. I'll never learn what happened to the young Dr. Malone. After he cured Mrs. Tellingham's baby of measles 'he barely got to the hospital' in time to set Peter Pitman's broken arm. What he didn't realized was Peter Pitman was dating his very own girlfriend. While they were driving in a convertible they swerved to avoid hitting a car driven by widow Watson who was a dear friend  of Dr. Malone's father who was shopping  for Annabel Hawks. Well-- Good heavens. That's enough to drain anyone's battery. Well, it's the  batteries alright. 'Cause everything else  is in perfect working order. No, the company that makes those batteries is a disgrace to the American free enterprise system. I mean really, I've got dozens of companies. 'We make hundreds  of products like that.' And you've got to maintain production standards. But, Thurston-- There is no excuse for shoddy workmanship. Not with testing facilities the way they are today. You market something, you've got to make it with meticulous care to last and to last and to last. But, Thurston, these  batteries were made by the Thurston Howell  Battery Company. Well, you can't expect them to last forever, can you? I'd go out of business. Lovey, really! I've got an extra set of batteries for the radio. He's got an extra set  of batteries. That's great! - Had them all along.  - He had them all along. - Forgot about them.  - He forgot about them. Feel like an absolute idiot. He feels like,  he had them all the time. - All set.  - Can I turn it on, Skipper? - Please?  - Yes, as soon as he gets.. - Yes, go ahead. Turn it on.  - Turn it on, Gilligan. Ah, it's on.  It's on. Gilligan, what did you do? Didn't do anything.  Just turned it on. It's not his fault, Skipper.  These batteries are dead too. But I never used them. Batteries can lose power  just sitting on a shelf. Hey. Wait a minute,  Skipper, we're in luck. Yeah, bad luck. No, these batteries  are rechargeable. Professor, how can we recharge batteries here on the island? Don't even have  a credit card. Seawater. I used to do this experiment in science class. We use seawater instead of battery acid to revitalize old dry cell batteries and produce electricity. Seawater? Well,  what are we waiting for? We've got enough seawater to light up all lights on Broadway. Here's what we'll do. We need coconut shells, seawater, metal strips, pennies. (Professor)  The pennies are held in  the seawater by the hairpins. The wire coming  from the pennies leads to the positive pole  of the battery. Metal strips on the other side  of the coconuts lead to the negative pole  of the battery. Now, everybody get ready  to stir their coconuts when I get  the battery hooked up. Alright.  Everybody stir. I wonder if Thomas Edison  started this way? Looks like a crazy martini,  doesn't it? Alright, that should be enough. Let's see if we can  get anything. [instrumental music] - Ha, it works!  - Great! Great! (Skipper)  Professor, you did it.  You did it. (man on radio)  'Ladies and gentlemen' 'we interrupt this program  to bring you a news bulletin.' 'Vandenberg Air Force  Base, California' 'announces that at noon tomorrow it will test a new missile' 'designated,  Operation Powderkeg.' 'The warhead will be sent down  the South Sea Missile Range' 'to an isolated area,  approximately' '140 degrees latitude  and 10 degrees longitude.' 'More on Operation Powderkeg during our regularly scheduled' 'news cast. We return  you now to our studio.' Did he say 140 degrees latitude? - Yes.  - And ten degrees longitude? What's the matter, Skipper? Don't anybody panic  'cause I'm not really sure 'but we were a 100 miles  east of that position' 'before we drifted  for that three days.' And with the prevailing  western currents well, that's approximately  our position here. They said down the South Sea Missile Range to an isolated area. That would confirm, an area away from the shipping lanes. As far as the authorities, no one inhabited. You mean? [telephone ringing] General Bryan. Vandenberg? Put him on. Yes, Colonel, I was just  on my way to the airport. Technical problem  in the new warhead? I see. Mm-hmm. We'll remove the explosive  and go ahead with the launch. At least we can get a test  of the new guidance system. No. No need to announce  any change in plans. [dialing] - Hi, Gilligan.  - Hi, Mary Ann. What are you doing? Straightening up so it'll be nice when it's blown up. What have you got? A coconut cream pie for you. - For me?  - Mm-hmm. You start thinking at a time like this. I haven't been as nice to you as I should. That's not true.  You've been nice to me. I haven't. Take last night for instance. You wanted another piece of pie and I said no. You were right,  that was my eighth piece. If you'd wanted it why shouldn't you have eight? Because the first seven  gave me a stomach ache. We haven't got much time left between now and you know when. When? Oh, that when. Thought I'd be specially  nice to everybody. I baked you two pies. I'll bring the other one when it's ready. Thank you. Boy, what a way to go! (Skipper)  'Gilligan!' In here, Skipper. - How about that Mary Ann?  - Oh, no. She thought she wasn't being  nice enough to me so she made me two pies. Actually, she's been  wonderful to me. I haven't been very good  to you, buddy. - That's not true.  - Yes, it is. Don't say that to make me  feel better. I know it's true. I yell at you  and bawl you out when you're trying  to do your best. What I'm saying is, I want  you to have one of my pies. No, Skipper, she made it for you. I insist, trying to make up for  the way that I've treated you. And I know that if she  had made two pies for you you'd give one to me. I want you  to eat every bite. I like the way you treat me and yell at me. Before it's late a man should  look at the people around him. And figure out what he can do  to make their lives happier. You don't know how happy  you're gonna make me feel when I see you  eating this pie. Oh, no, Skipper.. Thanks a lot, Gilligan. [thud] Are you sure that  you want to make a new will? Yes, I'd like to get things right before we take a walk up that great flight of stairs to the big bank vault in the sky. What makes you sure we're  gonna walk up and not down? That's the reason I want a new will. Let me see, Lovey, up until now my favorite charity has been me. I think it's time  to think of other people. I direct in that will,  that all the money from the First National Bank be  distributed to needy children. Needy children. Oh, Thurston, that's a marvelous idea. That means, of course, children not living in Beverly Hills. Naturally. Now let's not  forget medical science. - We must help fight disease.  - Which disease, darling? That's quite a problem  to decide which one. So let's leave ten million  dollars to each disease. That ought to take care  of all the money in the, uh,  Second National Bank. Are there that many diseases? By the time they find  our will in that bottle I think they'll discover  some new diseases. Now, what about the money  in the Third National Bank? We leave it  to the First National Bank and let them worry about it. Marvelous, Lovey. Oh, before we put that note in a bottle let's try once more to figure out a way to see if we can take it with us. - Hi.  - Oh, hi. - Am I intruding?  - Oh, no. I was just thinking what  a waste my life's been. I mean, so, I was  an actress, so what. I never really  did anything for anyone. Well, you entertained people. Oh, that was just  for the moment. I mean, really  do something important. Like being a nurse.  Although I was a nurse. For one day  I was Ben Casey's nurse. And you know  something, Professor? In that one hour,  we saved six people. And if it hadn't been  for the commercials we would have saved eight. You're right, Ginger,  that's what's important. Saving people. I should  never have become a teacher. Should have gone on  with my work in science. You know, when  I was in college we were working on a vision  problem encountered by navy patrol fliers  after they had spent several hours scanning  the ocean and.. - Wait, that's it!  - What? What a fool I've been!  Why, this is great. Skipper, Skipper. This is great. Absolutely great! What's great, Professor?  Take it easy. Take it easy? We can't. Gotta get busy. Don't you see? We're not in danger. This is our rescue. - Rescue?  - Why, sure. Before the government ever sends a missile they send a search plane  to make sure the area's clear. They send a searching party for fishing and pleasure craft. Or hunters or natives. Oh, Thurston, we're practically rescued. My darling. I told you we were  gonna be rescued. - I told you. I told you.  - You did. You did. To make sure they see us, I'll finish that mirror I was making. Will use it to signal the plane. That should ensure our rescue. Let's get out, Professor. That's the kind of insurance I like. Yes! Yes! Hurry up, Professor. That plane  will be over any minute. That does it.  It's finished. Using gum wood paint  should make a good reflector. C'mon, Skipper,  give me a hand. Oh, boy, alright, sure. [groans] Haven't seen myself in so long, I forgot what I looked like. (Gilligan)  Lost a lot of weight. Let me get a better grip on it. (Gilligan)  Oops! Instant fat. Skipper, let's see  how it works in the sun. Oh! I feel like I'm in Hollywood. Come on, let's see  what they're doing. Sure does work. It's not exactly ground glass,  but with that strong sun I don't see how a plane  could miss it. All we gotta do  is wait for that plane. Get to the other  side of the clearing. The view's better.  Keep your eyes open. Aye aye, sir! There's a plane.  There's a plane. Where? Where? - There it is!  - There it is! [all cheering] There. Isn't that marvelous! It's the rescue plane.  Set up the mirror. Set up the mirror. - Set up the mirror. That's it. - Set up the mirror. Oh, boy, this is what  we've been waiting for. Start flashing the signal.  Start flashing the signal. [all screaming] No, Gilligan.  No-o! [crash] [glass shatters] Gilligan, Gilligan, are you alright? I'm alright. You sure you're alright,  little buddy? The plane, Professor!  The plane! Everybody, quick! Get a piece of glass. 'Signal the plane with it.' - Here you go.  - Yeah. (Skipper)  Here, Mary Ann.  Signal. Signal. Come back!  I'm your biggest taxpayer. (Thurston)  'I belong to the  million mile club.' (man on radio) 'And the countdown has already started on Operation Powderkeg'' 'Five, four, three' 'two, one, zero.' [blast] 'It's a perfect shot.' It would be. It should be along any second now. Professor,  how can you be so calm? You act like you're waiting for an afternoon train or something. I think I see it. [whizzing] [all screaming] [crash] - It didn't detonate. - And it didn't explode either. [all cheering] Look! Look. It's coming up the lagoon. It's coming right this way! (Professor)  Don't make a noise.  Don't even breathe. We're not. I don't think my heart's beating. Thurston, you're so brave,  you're not even shaking. I can't. I think  rigor mortis has set in. A vibration  could blow us up. Our only chance is to disarm it. How do we do that? Someone will have to remove the access panel and crawl inside. There's only one of us small and thin enough to fit in there. Who? [bang] [beeping] [beeping continues] Come on, Gilligan,  I've got the tools. Maybe if we wait, they'll send a repairman? Oh, please, Gilligan,  there may be a timing device. Here, you hold these.  We'll take it very easy. I'll remove the access panel that'll have a chart  with the color codes. That way I'll be able  to figure out which wire you've  to disconnect. [clang] Professor, you gotta get in there and give it one good hit. Let me do this.  Your job will come later. Yes, sir. Gilligan, you're gonna have to find a green and yellow wire. That wire will  disarm the missile. A green and yellow wire, yeah. Alright, now, carefully. (Professor)  'Every moment counts.' That's it. [thud] I found it. - I found it.  - Oh, good. Now, you're gonna have to trace that wire until you come to a bus bar. A busbar? Busbar, is a long copper rectangle with a lot of wires attached to it. You've gotta take that wire off the connector and that'll disarm the missile. - Oh.  - And, Gilligan. Yeah? If the end of that wire touches any other connector you'll blow us all up. Take it easy, little buddy. Oh, Gilligan, please be careful. Oh, yeah, here it is. [bang] [screaming] (Skipper)  Gilligan, no! [whizzing] Fire! - Gilligan's still in there.  - He's in there, that boy! Oh, it's coming back! He didn't have a chance  to get out. Thurston, I think we  ought to rename the house in South Hampton,  "Gilligan's acres." I was going to have a Gilligan scholarship at Harvard. (Skipper)  'The next boat I get,  I'm gonna call her' "The Gilligan." When I get to Hollywood, I'll sell a story to the movies. Oh. Gee, it all sounds so wonderful. I think I'll go back  and drown myself. [all cheering] Mr. Howell? Eh, yes, yes, Gilligan, my boy, what is it? Remember when everybody thought  they were gonna be blown up? How nice they were  to each other? Gilligan, when people are in trouble they make concessions and promises. When their trouble is over they forget those fancy promises. Would you, Mr. Howell? A Howell go back on his word? Never! Our family crest is honesty, fidelity, integrity. - I thought so.  - Uh, wait, what's that? It's your will. Found it  when I swam out of the missile. I'm throwing it  back in the water. No! No, my boy! Don't! [Thurston crying] [splash] ¶ Now this is the tale  of our castaways ¶ ¶ They're here  for a long, long time ¶ ¶ They'll have to make  the best of things ¶ ¶ It's an uphill climb ¶ ¶ The first mate  and his Skipper too ¶ ¶ Will do their very best ¶ ¶ To make the others  comfortable ¶ ¶ In the tropic island nest ¶ ¶ No phone, no lights  no motorcars ¶ ¶ Not a single luxury ¶ ¶ Like Robinson Crusoe ¶ ¶ It's primitive as can be ¶ ¶ So join us here  each week my friends ¶ ¶ You're sure to get a smile ¶ ¶ For seven stranded castaways ¶ ¶ Here on Gilligan's isle ¶ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 