Gilligan's Island: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gilligan's Island 
 s1e21 - Big Man on a Little Stick - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gilligan's Island (1964–1992): Season 1, Episode 21 - Big Man on a Little Stick - full transcript 
 A tsunami causes a surfer to land on the island, and the castaways try to find a way to send him back with their tale. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ["The Ballad Of  Gilligan's Island"] ¶ Just sit right back  and you'll hear a tale ¶ ¶ A tale of a fateful trip ¶ ¶ That started  from this tropic port ¶ ¶ Aboard this tiny ship ¶ ¶ The mate was  a mighty sailin' man ¶ ¶ The Skipper brave and sure ¶ ¶ Five passengers  set sail that day ¶ ¶ For a three hour tour ¶ ¶ A three hour tour ¶ [thunder rumbles] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¶ The weather started  getting rough ¶ ¶ The tiny ship was tossed ¶ ¶ If not for the courage  of the fearless crew ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The ship set ground  on the shore ¶ ¶ Of this uncharted  desert isle ¶ ¶ With Gilligan ¶ ¶ The Skipper too ¶ ¶ The millionaire ¶ ¶ And his wife ¶ ¶ The movie star ¶ ¶ And the rest ¶ ¶ Are here on Gilligan's Isle ¶ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't let him get away,  Gilligan. I won't, Skipper. Give him some slack. Play with him, Gilligan.  That's it, play with him. What a fighter he is. He must weigh 50 pounds. - I don't believe it.  - It's okay, come on. Open up your mouth and give me  back the sea shell. Thank you. Okay now, oops, here we go. - Back to school, Irwin.  - Irwin? Yeah. He get's real mad  if I call him "Irw." - Naturally.  - Yeah. He and I are good friends. I catch him almost every day. Hey, what's that? It's a guy on a surf board. A guy on a surf board? Gilligan, what is it you're trying to do? Artificial respiration. What? He hasn't swallowed any water yet. Maybe, a little sand the way you've got him. May I? Alright, boy, roll over. You're alright. Come on, son, you're alright. You're okay. Don't try and talk now. Just lie there and rest. Hey, Professor. Look  what we found? I was in a tree  getting some dates I saw him come ashore. Who is he? Who are you? - Duke Williams.  - Where you from? - Topeka, Kansas. - Wow, he sure had a long ride. No, no, no, I mean where did you start from? Oh, oh, I caught a 30-foot one  off Waimea beach. Waimea beach!  But that's near Honolulu. Duke, it is scientifically absurd to believe that you could've ridden the same  wave all the way from Hawaii. The counter-action of the marine gravitational force would've-- Slow down, Teachs. I was  a dropout from second grade. - I got to slow down.  - Don't go nowhere, man. Just stay where you are,  listen to Big Daddy. Now, there was  a large surf makin' up and me and couple other  hot-doggers were practicin' rail-grabs and kick-outs. Like one Joe is a grimmy,  he wipes out at the start. Me, I'm in a nose, right,  havin' a little trouble when all of a sudden, I'm out  of the tube and up on top. Only, I'm headed  for open sea. I mean, I'm ridin' into the middle of the big salty splash. You got the picture? Must've been  a foreign film. Let's start  from the beginning. How long have you been  on that board? - What day this is?  - Thursday. I remember swingin' with this  gidget Saturday night. And then giving her a fast  goodbye so me and the guys could hit the beach  Sunday morning. That was five days ago. Say, you're right. Professor, he couldn't have been out more than two or three hours His friends are probably out  looking for him right now. Unless he rode in  on a tsunami. No, he came in on a board.  Skipper and I saw him. Tsunami is a giant wave caused  by an underground earthquake originating in a seismological  fault off the coast of Japan. (Duke)  'Is anybody gonna tell me  where I am?' Duke, I'm afraid you're marooned on an uncharted island. Not for long, pops. Give me a couple days,  and I'm back to Waimea. We'll fatten you up and put you on the next tsunami to Hawaii. And when you get there don't forget to tell them  we're marooned here. Alright. Professor, a reverse tsunami,  is that possible? Not a chance, Skipper. Ah, that figures, why else would Gilligan have thought of it. So, that's the way we ended up  on this island. Man, how do you stand it? It's a little rough  the first couple months but you'll get used to it. Get used to it. I'll go ape. Just gotta get back to Hawaii. Duke, let me tell you something. There is no way off this island. Admiral, there are no strings on a man with a surfboard. All I gotta do  is get back in shape. Five days on that board, and I'm nothin' but skin and bones. And what skin. And what bones. Ladies, come on in. Man, you guys ain't lost, you're hiding. Duke Williams, this is Ginger  Grant and Mary Ann Summers. - Hello.  - Howdy. Pleasure's mine. Gilligan was out fishing,  and this is what we landed. Wow, what did you  use for bait? Stop dreaming.  The Duke has arrived. Oh, I like 'em little,  and I like' em big. Man, this is smorgasbroad time. - Did you say "Duke?"  - Yeah, Duke. - Oh, darling, royalty.  - At last, our kind of people. I better start over. This Duke Williams was surfing in Hawaii-- Thurston, where did we meet the Duke of Williams? Skeet shooting  with Prince Philip? No, that was the Duke of Albania. - A-at Monaco with Grace--  - That was the Duke of Troy. - Can I say something?  - 'No, no, Gilligan.' No time for idle chat and not with a Duke on the island. The Duke's first day, we must  have him for cocktail. Oh, Thurston. Oh, it's the right thing at the right time. No wonder you're always sitting on the host's right hand. Isn't that kind  of uncomfortable? She is proud of, my boy. Mustn't keep the Duke in suspense. Let him know  the Howells are here. - Took second place in Waikiki. - Oh, wow, who took first prize? The guy who was married  to the judge. Oh, dear, you're just  not appreciated. Baby, isn't that  what I always say. Lady wanted to do a sculpture  of me like this, once. Oh, wow. That's you, Duke, that's you. Oh, I-I was once painted  like this.. Say, pretty good set  of deltoids. He likes my deltoids. Hmm, oh, pretty good  latissimus dorsi. - He likes my latissimus dorsi. - Whatever that is! - You don't know?  - No. Why, that's right here. I remember hot-dogging off  the coast of Malibu one time. Suddenly, the surf went out,  and we were on the beach. Well, this wahini lays eyes  on me, but I give her nothing. I mean, I stand like  she's nowhere but she comes on strong. She won't hold off, but I'm  cool, reach for the surf.. Did I hurt you? Little man, you couldn't knock  a hole in the wind with a fistful of hammers. - Ooh!  - Ooh! Well, just don't lay there,  do something. Anything! Oh, boy. Hey, has anybody seen  the Skipper? You remember the Skipper, don't you? He kinda wears a hat? He's got one big muscle  right about here. Oh, well, so long. Goodbye. See you later. - Gilligan, what are you doing? - Hi, Skipper. Huh, that is not the answer. Huh, I'm trying  to look like Duke. He's down at the beach  with Ginger and Mary Ann. He's doing this, Skipper,  and these girls are like "ooh." You're not going to get anywhere with empty coconut shell. I'm starting with those  to work up to the big stuff. Okay, little buddy, good luck.  Let me know how you make out. You won't recognize me  when I'm all done. I'll be as big as this and have shoulders as big as this and I'll have a chest  as big as that. Except they'd be up  a little higher. - Thanks a lot, Gilligan.  - Oh, I'm sorry, Skipper. Skipper? [music] Alright, girls, go. 'Help somebody, help anybody  big, help!' - Excuse me, girls.  - 'Help.' Help! Gilligan, that's no way  to do a back press. Is that what  I was trying to do? Yes. Now watch me. It's very simple. (Duke)  'See?' Now you try. Don't hurt yourself. Lie down...on your back. That's it. You got it? Yeah, yeah. - Oh, oh.  - Man, you just don't listen. Then you better give up. You got to have a body  to do that. - I got a body, sort of.  - Ah, here, keep practicing. Let's go, girls. Oh, you're not gonna  leave me here. Oh, he's gonna leave me.  He, oh, oh. Oh, oh. [knock on door] Entrer. - Oh, welcome, Your Highness.  - Duke. What's wrong, lady, you lose something? Ah, Your Highness, I-I don't  think we've ever met before? Now, we do mingle with royalty especially during grouse-hunting season. There you are, my dear. Man, these nuts come in mixed pairs. Oh, such a droll  sense of humor. Yes, Thurston, that's what  I thought at first. But have we known a Duke  that looked like that? Can't say much  for the cut of his clothes. Probably new Italian style,  pizza shock skin. Met some oddballs in my time but like you, they let out a little early. Don't go away. I'll get the keeper. I don't remember any Duke  acting that badly. Not since the one that started World War I. Sir, I think you're an imposter. I am not,  I'm a surfer. I don't think you're a Duke,  not even a Count or Earl. I don't even think  you're a Republican. Charlie, I'm going.  You're gone. Thurston, you were superb. Well, no one can pull the wool  over my eyes. Cashmere maybe,  but wool never. - 182..  - ...183.. - ...184..  - Duke, Duke. I've been looking  all over for you. I'm not hard to find, Teach,  just look for my lovebirds. - I've got wonderful news.  - Oh. [Gilligan moaning] Gilligan, what's wrong with you? - I've been exercising.  - Why? So I can die healthy. Stay right here, I've got news that will brighten up your life. - Can I lie down and listen?  - Of course. Duke, listen. I've been working on this all day. There's been a shift in trade  winds and the tidal forces compounded by the pull of Sun causing syzygy with Earth and made a perfect coriolis effect. - Why didn't I think of that?  - Isn't he wonderful? It's really very simple. The tsunami wave will return in 48 hours headed for Hawaii. Hey, Duke, that means  you can get us all rescued. Yeah, we gotta talk  about that sometime. Come on, girls,  let's take a walk. Right this way. Come on, Gilligan, snap out of this. Now listen, we've got exactly 48 hours to get him into shape. We've got to get sugar into his bloodstream. We've got to strengthen his muscles-- - Professor, Professor..  - What? While we are building him up,  they're knocking him down. [peppy music] [music continues] Gilligan, Gilligan,  are you down there? You are down there, you.. (Gilligan coughing) May I ask you a simple question, and I want a simple answer? Sure, Skipper,  that's only kind I know. Exactly. Now here's my question. Just what are you trying to do? I'm trying to learn how to surf because if I learn how to surf, we can be rescued. Little buddy, your heart's  in the right place. About your head,  I don't know. It takes years to master one of these. Get off before you hurt yourself. Aye aye, sir. Oh, Duke, you scared me. Baby, that's not what I had in mind. Oh. In fact, I've had other things  on my mind ever since I set eyes on you. Well, wh-where's Mary Ann? Baby, we don't need a cheering section. I do, I'm an actress. Listen, I've heard about you movie chicks playing it cool but aren't you carrying it a little far? - What do you mean "far?"  - I'm talking about life, baby. Now, you take one long-legged redhead mixed with tall, handsome, muscle man shake well and.. [chuckles] You got pretty good reflexes. From Hollywood, I've  been chased by the best. Until you've been caught by me. Baby, this is not supposed  to be a track meet. Come on, Ginger.  Time for fun and games. - What's wrong?  - Duke. Oh, nothing wrong with him. Believe me, Mary Ann. While we've been admiring  his muscles we overlooked his fangs. Fangs? Yeah, underneath that bronze  skin beats the heart of a wolf. Well, Ginger, maybe you're too glamorous. Take me. I'm more like the girl who lives next door. Girl next door, across  the street, around the corner wouldn't make  any difference to him. Oh, please, he's so tall and handsome and-- And hungry. Where are you going? Think I hear Duke calling. - And you're going?  - Why, certainly. Good luck. [sighs] [sighs] [clock ticks] Not bad time  for a little girl. Oh, King Kong had a better approach. Come on, Ginger, help me move the chair in front of the door.. He'll huff and puff  and blow our house down. We have to do something to discourage him. Discourage him? He'd consider a slap in the face applause. No. We've got to bring this  to a higher court. Mrs. Howell. Hello, Lovey, my dear.  Why the knitted brow? Thurston, the girls came  to me with a problem and I must confess,  I find it very perplexing. No matter what, they deserve it. We're trying to figure how to get Mr. America on surfboard and they're doing everything but give him the keys to the sorority house, if he'll stay. 'Girls want him  to leave too.' You mean, they've become  disenchanted with that side of beef? Thurston, I don't know how  to phrase this, but.. ...he's been making advances. You mean, to both of them at once? - Ooh, how vulgar!  - Yes, and how young. You know something, that Duke Williams reminds me of Montmorency Vandergrift. Thurston, Montmorency wasn't  as bad as all that. Well, he did sit a good horse but nowadays, that's not quite enough. Well, anyway, I got rid of him  once and for all. Lovey, my dear, I know that we made a pledge. Never to delve into our past but I think  we should break it just this once  for the good of all. - What past, darling?  - Your past, just this once. I really don't think I know what you're talking about. Tell me, what underhanded trick  did you use to get rid  of Montmorency Vandergrift? [both chuckle] Professor, somehow, someway,  we've got to get Duke on that surfboard tomorrow. We've got to offer him  something more attractive than Ginger and Mary Ann. How about a motorcycle and a crash helmet, huh? We must have a talk  about the birds and the bees. What would Duke want with birds and bees? - Some other time.  - Gentlemen. Wynken, Blynken,  and Nod still stuck blocked by a simple problem.  Huh, poor shame. And I suppose that  you have it all solved. Naturally, you think  that country bumpkin is any match  for Thurston Howell III? I bet it's sneaky and complicated. Sneaky, naturally. But complicated,  let me tell you something. It's as simple as taking  candy away from a baby. It's elementary. - Hello, captain.  - Hi, Duke. Hey, she really waxes up good. Ah, no rush, Daddy-O. I might be in shape for a little exercise in a week or two. A week or two? Oh, but there's a big wave tomorrow at 7, that tsunami! Everybody on this island  got ear trouble? Man, I'm in no shape  for a tsunami. Well, that's odd. Few minutes ago, thought I heard Ginger say you were leaving. That Ginger is an odd one. She's one chick,  sure plays hard to get. - Not with the Professor.  - Professor? Well, I just saw them both back there. Sure, you're not angry at me? Don't give it  a second thought, dear. It was so stupid of me to pay so much attention to Duke. I mean, all he does is talk about his muscles 'and you've got brains.' 'How perfectly wonderful  you are.' An extremely high IQ. - Say it for me once again.  - An extremely high IQ. No, I meant the name of the star. Oh, Alpha Centauri. Oh...that's so romantic. (Professor) 'It's 4 and 3/10ths light years from the Earth.' (Ginger)  'You don't know what a man  with brains does to me.' - Capital of North Dakota?  - Bismarck. - Oh, South Dakota?  - Pierre. Lucky, Pierre. ¶ Oh, it's a long, long way  to Hawaii ¶ ¶ But we're going  to go anyway ¶ ¶ It's a long, long way  to Hawaii ¶ ¶ But Duke will  make it anyway ¶ ¶ Ah ¶ Oh, hi, Duke. Nice night for a walk, isn't it? You want to know  something, Captain? Why, I'm always interested in gathering information. A redhead is a fickle piece  of chick, and that's for sure. You know, something? It's only the brunettes you can trust. Just like I was telling  Mary Ann before she turned in  for the night. - Oh, she's not in her hut.  - She's not? Right now, she's with Gilligan. - With Gilligan?  - In their usual place. [humming] - Oh, Duke was so bumpy.  - Is that bad? - Well, I like little muscles.  - Oh. What's wrong? Think you're taking the crease out of my knees. - Wonderfully knobby knees. - Yeah, but it's time to change. And I got such  wonderful knobby elbows too. (Mary Ann)  'Spindly skinny arms.' (Gilligan)  'Skin and bones,  what I got most.' (Mary)  'I hate muscle men.' I like underdeveloped, underfed, undernourished men like you. [Gilligan chuckles] Darling, you even have skinny lips. Darling, t-take it easy,  you'll break me. Gilligan, can't you be little more romantic? Okay. [buzzing] What are you doing? Don't know, got something  to do with the birds and bees. Here are your provisions, Duke. Now, remember. Tell 'em our position is approximately 110 degrees longitude and 10 degrees latitude. Okay, okay but that's all I'm gonna  remember about this island. Oh, he fell for it. [water sloshing] Oh, dear, isn't it a shame  he isn't a Duke? At the moment, I'm glad he is a surfer. - Gilligan.  - You want me? No, Gilligan. I called you because  I want the Professor. Okay. Take the binoculars, get up that tree, tell us what he's doing. Aye aye, sir. Wait a minute. - Here.  - Yes, sir. [sighs] Wow! Wow! Gilligan, wow, wow, wow  doesn't tell us anything. - Give us a report.  - Aye aye, sir. There he is.  Ooh, he's up on top. (Gilligan) 'Now, he's down at the bottom.' Yes, there he is. (Gilligan)  'Oh, he's on a big one.' 'Oh, ride 'em, Duke.  Keep with 'em, boy.' 'Oh, there he goes.' He's on his way,  I'm coming down. Well, he's made it. Now it's  only a matter of time, Gilli.. Skipper, did I hurt you? No, Gilligan, you didn't hurt me. I'm used to having people fall out of trees on top of me. Thanks a lot, Gilligan. (man on radio)  'Ladies and gentlemen' 'there has been a week-long  search for a missing surfer.' 'Well, this afternoon, he was  found, and we have him here.' - 'You're Duke Williams, right.' - 'Yeah, think so.' - He made it.  - Shh. 'Can you tell us  about your adventure?' (Duke on radio)  'Well, I hit this rock  when I beached and..' 'Duke, what about the two weeks you were gone, where were you?' Here goes the best part,  about us. Gilligan, will you be quiet? 'I'm sorry, ladies  and gentlemen' 'but the doctor is taking Duke  back to his hospital room.' 'I'm afraid  the two-week-old mystery' 'will stay a mystery forever.' 'When Duke Williams hit that rock, he developed amnesia.' 'He can't remember  where he was or what he did.' Amnesia. Well, our luck is still holding up. I was so sure  we'd be rescued. That's the way it goes. Sometimes the surf is up, and sometimes the surf is down. And just what does that mean? Don't know, I'm still trying to figure out the birds and bees. ¶ Now this is the tale  of the castaways ¶ ¶ They're here  for a long, long time ¶ ¶ They'll have to make  the best of things ¶ ¶ It's an uphill climb ¶ ¶ The first mate  and his Skipper too ¶ ¶ Will do their very best ¶ ¶ To make the  others comfortable ¶ ¶ In the tropic island nest ¶ ¶ No phone, no lights,  no motorcars ¶ ¶ Not a single luxury ¶ ¶ Like Robinson Crusoe ¶ ¶ It's primitive as can be ¶ ¶ So join us here  each week my friends ¶ ¶ You're sure to get a smile ¶ ¶ From seven  stranded castaways ¶ ¶ Here on Gilligan's isle ¶ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 