Gilligan's Island: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gilligan's Island 
 s1e12 - Birds Gotta Fly, Fish Gotta Talk - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gilligan's Island (1964–1992): Season 1, Episode 12 - Birds Gotta Fly, Fish Gotta Talk - full transcript 
 During Christmas, the Castaways get homesick and remember the first day they were shipwrecked. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ¶ Just sit right back  and you'll hear a tale ¶ ¶ A tale of a fateful trip ¶ ¶ That started  from this tropic port ¶ ¶ Aboard this tiny ship ¶ ¶ The mate  was a mighty sailing man ¶ ¶ The skipper brave and sure ¶ ¶ Five passengers  set sail that day ¶ ¶ For a three hour tour  a three hour tour ¶ [thunder] ¶ The weather started  getting rough ¶ ¶ The tiny ship was tossed ¶ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¶ If not for the courage  of the fearless crew ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost,  The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The ship set ground  on the shore ¶ ¶ Of this uncharted  desert isle ¶ ¶ With Gilligan ¶ ¶ The Skipper too ¶ ¶ The millionaire and his wife ¶ ¶ The movie star ¶ ¶ And the rest ¶ ¶ Are here on Gilligan's Isle ¶ [Christmas carol tune on radio] It's not like we're celebrating Christmas with a bamboo tree. [all laughing] And sea shells  for ornaments. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, it's the best we could do here on the Island. Right! You know  what I want for Christmas? A nice thick  juicy steak. I know what I'd like  for Christmas but I don't think Cary Grant  will fit in my stocking. You know what I want? I wish I could be rescued. Oh, what a wonderful  Christmas wish, Gilligan. I'm afraid that's asking just a bit too much from Santa Clause. (man on radio)  'We interrupt this program to  bring you a news bulletin.' 'A group of castaways  were spotted' 'on a small island a short time ago by our navy weather plane.' 'These maroon people are  believed to be the passengers' 'of the S.S. Minnow.' - Oh, yeah!  - Yay! 'A small excursion boat which  was presumed lost at sea.' 'In the event the castaways  can hear this broadcast' 'let me assure them, that a navy destroyer has been dispatched' 'to the area pinpointed  by the plane.' 'We now return you  to our regular program.' [all celebrating] What a Christmas present. For Christmas I wanna buy everybody their own island. Yeah, that fire and smoke gotta help that navy destroyer to spot us. Right, Skipper. Lucky you didn't burst away the Christmas wish. Oh, you're so right, little buddy. I wanna tell you, you've had your share of mistakes but that wish has made up for all of them. Nothing you could do now can make me angry. Thanks, Skipper. Well, let's see if we can spot that ship out there. Hand me the binocular. Come on, Gilligan. I said hand me the binocular. You know what you said, Skipper. You're not gonna  get angry at me. You did it, Skipper.  You controlled yourself. - Congratulations.  - Thanks, Gilligan. As a matter of fact, we've suffered through worse experiences. Remember when we first landed on the island? I sure do. After I lost  the anchor, the compass broke during the storm.  I thought we were goners. But we were real lucky, little buddy. I mean the fact that the tide left us high and dry during the night. Hey, Gilligan. Gilligan! Oh, my gosh! Man overboard. I'll save you, Skipper! Gilligan, our Minnow's  been beached. Beached? When the storm was over and it was calm you said we'd  be home in no time. It may take longer. When the passengers wake up, what are you gonna tell them? Think of something. How we gonna get home,  look at those holes. No, Skipper, I'm very happy to be here. I'm so happy, I could kiss the ground. This island tastes terrible. Oh, Captain.  Oh, Captain. Have your man remove our luggage from this vessel. I'd be very happy to,  Mr. Howell. Where would you have it  removed to? Oh, some place where  the limousine can pick it up and take us  to the nearest hotel. That storm drove us hundreds  of miles off course. This island doesn't even  appear on my navy charts. You should've gotten your charts from a more reliable source. There is no more reliable source in the U.S. Navy. Oh, yes there is... The Sunnybrook Yacht. My outfit. 'Come along, Lovey.' You know, I think someone  ought to report him. - Well, he'll be the watch.  - I do. You mean we're marooned? Shush! Not loud. We have three women on board that might panic. You have one sailor down here  that already has. I think I'll have another try  fixing that transmitter. You mean the radio is broken? Transmitter's broken, the receiver works fine. With no transmitter, how we  gonna tell the rescue ship where to find us?  But Skipper, I'm scared. Gilligan, now pull yourself together. There's really nothing to worry about. Sure, we're marooned on an uncharted island. Transmitter's broken, the boats wrecked. We're low on provision. But, does that sound like the end of the world? No. But, it sounds  like the end of us. Gilligan, your job now is to calm the passengers. - Cheer 'em up.  - Yes, sir. Keep 'em calm.  Cheer 'em up. Want those people to hear your teeth chattering? Let me have a smile. If I smile, sir, they'll see  my teeth chattering. - Gilligan!  - Yes, sir. Smile. You certainly  do look cheerful. That's probably  'cause I'm smiling. We got a message through, we're gonna be saved. No, we couldn't get a message  through. Transmitter's broken. Broken? That's nothing to smile about. No, it isn't.  No, it isn't. Then why were you smiling? Skipper's orders.  I'm supposed to cheer you up. What for? So, you won't worry about  the terrible mess we're in. Terrible mess? Oh, Gilligan.  Are we in danger? Danger? What makes you say a thing like that? Gilligan, we're in awful  trouble, aren't we? Not really, there's a chance the transmitter can be fixed. There's every possibility we won't be eaten by cannibals. If we're careful, we can stretch our food supply to last a week. When you think about it, things couldn't be worse. I want you two to see what you  can savage out of the galley. Meanwhile, Gilligan and I  will explore the island. Gilligan! I got the equipment here.  I knew you're gonna need it. Good work, let's get started. Yes, sir. There's exactly  what I've been looking for. It's a coconut tree,  we've passed a 1,000 of them. If you've seen one,  you've seen them all. Not like this one. 'This is gotta be the tallest tree on the island.' Now from the top of this tree, we can see the whole island. Then we'll know whether it's uninhabited or not. That's a great idea, Skipper. But whose gonna climb up there and look around. I mean,  it's only two of us here. And you can't do it  because you're the skipper. I can't do because I don't know how to climb a coconut tree. Besides, I'm afraid of heights. I'm not starting  any mutiny, Skipper. But I'm not  climbing up that tree. No, siree. Not me. 'What do you see?' Nothing. I got my eyes closed. There's nothing to be  afraid of. Look around. Hey, you are right, Skipper. I can see the whole island  from up here. Look out below. Thanks for the warning. Hey, I see something.  I see some people. Is it a village? It's just some people. But they have a boat, Skipper. They can get us off here.  Skipper, we're safe. I'm sorry, Skipper. I'm just so anxious. Never mind that.  Are you-- Are you sure  you saw some people? Yes, sir, and a boat too. We're safe. Just follow me. I know exactly where it is. Right this way, Skipper.  I'm blazing the old flag. We're safe, we're safe.  Come on, Skipper. Come on. Here's the beach. Wait till we tell the passengers the good news. Woo-hoo! Look, Skipper, look. Yippee! Yeah! Yippee! Yahoo! Yippee! Yahoo.. Skipper, will you switch  that to our frequency? I can hold  these two wires together and then will you try  talking into it? Hello? Hello? If anyone  can hear me, please answer. - I can hear you fine.  - It works. It works. - Skipper--  - Just a minute, Professor. I think I've got something. Where are you? Right behind you. Gilligan! We're trying  to fix the transmitter. Oh, maybe if you took  one of these tubes in here. The Professor and I will fix the transmitter. Why don't you try and catch something for dinner? Right, Skipper.  How about fish? Fish sounds just fine. Skipper, have you got  a smaller screwdriver? I think I have in my tool kit. Testing. One, two, three, four. Testing. One, two, three, four. It works! I fixed it. Skipper! Skipper! It works. The transmitter works. My voice just came over the radio. I found a break in the circuit  and I fixed it.. It was right here on the rock. Well, how could it  just vanish? (Professor)  'The transmitter  was right here.' Now, I know  how it could vanish. Hi, Skipper,  going in for a dip? Ah! Yes, sir, all in all,  I'd say we were pretty lucky. Hey, listen to this. Should be just  a matter of hours now. (male reporter) 'And a coast guard reports it is now nearing the island.' 'According to all indications  the crew and passengers' 'of the S.S. Minnow will shortly be leaving the island where' 'they have been marooned.' Oh, we owe it all to Gilligan  and his Christmas wish. Oh, that's right. - I feel like I'm on fire.  - You are. Get your feet  out of the fire. I can't see any ship. Won't be long now. Where's the rescue party? I thought this was  an afternoon affair. They'll be here  any time now, Mr. Howell. I certainly hope so or I'll have to change into evening clothes. Gilligan and I were talking  about the first day we landed here,  remember that? How can we  ever forget. We were all simply furious  with Gilligan that day. Certainly were. I guess everybody  was mad at me then. - More Blankets, one hatchet.  - Check. A pistol, flashlight and a pair of binoculars. Right. Well,  that completes the list of everything we can  salvage from the boat. Skipper, how long do you really  think we'll be on this island. The transmitter on the bottom of the ocean. We're stuck here until we're spotted by a plane or a ship. That could be days  or weeks or even months. We got one box  of matches left. - Hi.  - Oh, hi, Gilligan. Gilligan. You got to use these  very sparingly. Gilligan. Skipper, why don't you two  get a fire started. I'll go help the others gather  more wood to keep it going. Good idea, Professor. Well, don't just stand here. Go get some brush for the fire. Aye aye, sir. Gilligan, got the fire  ready to start yet? - Fire ready to start, sir.  - Good. Remember now, we've got to try and do this with only one match. Only one match, sir. - We've got to be careful.  - Got to be careful. Gilligan, will you do me a favor? Do you a favor?  Yes, indeed, sir. Will you stop repeating everything I say? Stop repeating everything  you say? Right you are, sir. No more repeating  everything you say. Gilligan! Alright now, the minute I get the fire started I want you to blow into it like this. [Skipper blowing] Like this? [Gilligan blowing] Okay, here we go. [Gilligan blowing] Guess I blew  too soon, huh? Well, I'm sure not going  to do that the next time. 'Cause you're not gonna  let me do it next time. - Skipper, can I help you?  - No, Gilligan. - Please?  - It's no use, Gilligan. You're just plain, old bad luck to me. You remember the time on that destroyer when the death charge broke loose? Yes, sir. It was rolling  across the deck. I pulled you away  and saved your life. Well, not exactly. You didn't save it. You just prolonged it. 'So you'd give me more bad luck.' You run along. I've got lot of work to do. Aye aye, sir. Oh-oh! Shove off, Gilligan! [orchestra music] - Darling, look at that.  - Why, it's Gilligan. At a time like this, water sports. I mean, really? (man on radio)  'And now, it's time for  your daily exercise again.' 'Open the windows, take a deep  breath and let the good old' 'tropical sun help you  stay in shape.' 'First lets try a simple  knee bend. Hand's on hips.' 'Now bend at the knee's  and here we go.' 'One, two, three, four.  One, two, three, four.' 'Up, down, three, four.  Up, down, three, four.' 'Come on you,  let's get with it.' Me? 'I mean you, yes.  Up we go, down we go.' 'Up we go,  down we go.' 'Up, down, up, down. Up, down, up, down.' 'Up, down, up, down.' 'Ah that's enough now, relax.' [song on radio] The radio. The fish must have  swallowed the radio. [indistinct radio commentary] Come on, Roger.  Get ahead. [song on radio] The radio. I gotta tell 'em  I caught the radio. I caught the radio.  Look, I caught the radio. [music plays]  Well, I'll be darned. The fish must've  swallowed the radio. If this fish  swallowed the radio maybe an other one  swallowed the transmitter. Gilligan, the chances of that  are absolutely zero. But Professor, what've we got to lose? Gilligan, go get the rest of those fish. - Aye aye, sir.  - Gilligan! Now ladies, I want you to pick up a fish and start squeezing them. Maybe we can find  the fish with the transmitter. Yeah, wait a minute.  Skipper, I just tuned the radio to the same wavelength  as the transmitter. If you talk into the fish  and the transmitter's in there we should hear it  on the radio. Great idea, professor. But don't just stand there, Gilligan. Say something into the fish. I've never talked  to a fish before. - Say anything.  - Hello there fish. - Louder.  - Hello there fish. That's not it.  Try another one. - Hello. Hello Kansas.  - Hello. Hello, the S.S. Minnow.  Skipper of the S.S. Minnow on an uncharted island.. Hello, uncle George. Having  a very nice time, uncle George. I'll be back  in Kansas pretty soon. Hello coastguard,  this is Ginger Grant. I sing and I dance  and lots of things. The owl and the pussycat  went to sea in a beautiful  pea green boat. [indistinct chattering] I have never in my entire life. I-- Don't just stand there,  Mr. Howell, talk into a fish. - Talk into it?  - Talk into the fish. Oh, heavens. Hello there. This is Thurston Howell. Yes, I want long distance. Alright, Gilligan,  you can watch. But don't come any closer. Stay right here. Yes, sir. Professor, I don't know how those fish managed to swallow the radio and the transmitter. But at least we got a chance again. How's it coming? Just give me a little time and  I think I'll have it working. Maybe if you kept this and kind of tried this-- Give me that screwdriver. Skipper, isn't there  anything I can do to help? Yes, Gilligan, get some more wood for the fire. Lots of wood. How's the Professor doing  with the transmitter? Almost got it fixed. - Oh, that's great.  - That's wonderful. Well, I must say that is  a lovely turn of events. You think you could  reach my broker? Oh, my agent in Hollywood? Could you reach my mother?  She's in Winfield Kansas. Oh, if you reach your mother  would you ask her to telephone the Bigsby tailors  in Newport? We're expected there  for dinner on Tuesday. Please folks, I think the first thing we should do is get in touch with somebody  that has a boat. [radio picks up signal]  Wait a minute. I think it's working.  Here, Skipper, try it. I'll take the radio. CQ. Come in, CQ.  CQ, this is a mayday. This is a mayday.  Calling CQ. - CQ, calling CQ.  - Skipper, where can I-- Not now, Gilligan. Stay where you are.  Don't come any closer. (Skipper)  'CQ, calling CQ.' But Skipper,  these logs are heavy. - Calling CQ. CQ.  - I hear it! I hear it! It means it works.  Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. If anyone can hear me, this is the Skipper of the S.S. Minnow. - Where can I put 'em?  - Just drop 'em anywhere. - This is the Skipper--  - Drop 'em? Drop 'em! [logs crash] Wait a minute, Skipper. I know what your gonna say  and you're right. I've been nothing  but trouble to everybody. I threw the radio  in the ocean.. ...and I just crushed  the transmitter. But I'll make it  up to you, honest. How, Gilligan? You don't have to pay me  for this weeks work. - Still don't see a thing.  - Nothing there. When we get back  I'm going to have the entire navy  demoted for this. Well perhaps, we can get some  information on the radio. (man on radio)  'And here's another flash  about the exciting' 'rescue of the castaways. The coast guard just picked' 'up all the passengers  and crew who were marooned' 'on the tropical island.' Picked them up? (man on radio)  'And they're bringing them  back to civilization.' 'According to earlier reports  they were believed' 'to be survivors from  the S.S. Minnow.' Well, it wasn't  our island they sighted. It was another island  with other castaways. Oh, we're not going  to be saved. (man on radio)  'So the happy group that was  marooned for 11 years..' 11 years? (man on radio)  '...are safe and steaming  for home aboard.' 'the coastguard cutter.' Coastguard cutter? We thought it was going  to be the Navy at least. Oh, I'm glad they  didn't find our island. We're both  terribly overdressed. Don't feel so bad. The other group  was stranded for 11 years. We'll get rescued in ten. Nine. Eight.  Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three.  Two. One. Christmas Eve, and we're still on this island. Yes, I thought for sure  we'd be home by now. I'm sorry. Oh, Gilligan,  it's not your fault. Merry, merry Christmas. Oh, merry Christmas to you all. Well, thank you, Santa. Please tell us what we have to be merry about? Why, certainly, good, sir. You might have been lost at sea and never reached this island. - He's right.  - That's right. Or you might have hit an island that had no food or water. That's right too. Or you might have all been,  enemies by now. Instead of the family group  that you are, who all learned to get along  with each other. By George, this bearded  gentleman is right. That's right, good, sir. So remember  and be of good spirit. Merry Christmas to all. Ha-ha-ho-ho-ho.  Merry Christmas. What's everybody  looking at? What's everybody  looking at? You'll never  believe it, Skipper. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas, Gilligan.  Thank you. Merry Christmas. - Merry Christmas, Skipper.  - Merry Christmas. (Santa and elves together)  'Merry Christmas.' 'Merry Christmas.  Merry Christmas.' ¶ They're here for  a long long time ¶ ¶ They'll have to  make the best of things ¶ ¶ It's an uphill climb ¶ ¶ The first mate  and his Skipper too ¶ ¶ Will do their very best ¶ ¶ To make the others comfortable In their tropic island nest ¶ ¶ No phone, no lights, no motor car, not a single luxury ¶ ¶ Like Robinson Crusoe  It's primitive as can be ¶ ¶ So join us here  each week my friends ¶ ¶ You're sure to get a smile ¶ ¶ From seven stranded castaways Here on Gilligan's Isle ¶¶ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 