Gilligan's Island: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gilligan's Island 
 s1e17 - Little Island, Big Gun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gilligan's Island (1964–1992): Season 1, Episode 17 - Little Island, Big Gun - full transcript 
 Two robbers are hiding out on the island with the authorities close on their trail. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ["The Ballad Of  Gilligan's Isle"] ¶ Just sit right back  and you'll hear a tale ¶ ¶ A tale of a fateful trip ¶ ¶ That started  from this tropic port ¶ ¶ Aboard this tiny ship ¶ ¶ The mate was  a mighty sailin' man ¶ ¶ The Skipper brave and sure ¶ ¶ Five passengers  set sail that day ¶ ¶ For a three hour tour ¶ ¶ A three hour tour ¶ [thunder rumbling] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¶ The weather started  getting rough ¶ ¶ The tiny ship was tossed ¶ ¶ If not for the courage  of the fearless crew ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The ship set ground  on the shore ¶ ¶ Of this uncharted  desert isle ¶ ¶ With Gilligan ¶ ¶ The Skipper too ¶ ¶ The millionaire ¶ ¶ And his wife ¶ ¶ The movie star ¶ ¶ And the rest ¶ ¶ Are here on Gilligan's Isle ¶ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What a mob, boss, half a million bucks. I'm well aware of  the contents, Gates. Boy, you, you sure know how to pick a hideout, boss. Boy, this little old island ain't even on the maps. Precisely. Uncharted, uninhabited. A perfect place to relax while the police conduct  their investigation. I'll be back for you real soon, boss. You boys take Sea Spray back into the regular shipping lanes as soon as possible so the coastguard will spot you. Now, once the Sea Spray  has been boarded and searched you come back here, pick me up, and we go to South America. I got to hand it to you, boss. Now, look. You got everything? Uh, let's see. Food stuffs,  cooking utensils, bed roll a large deposit  from the Monarch Bank and a good friend. You got everything. I'll see you, boss. Ladies, what's  for breakfast? Take a wild guess  and try coconut. [all sighing] - Well, never mind. Just dig in. - Skipper, it's always coconut. Sliced coconut, diced coconut  baked coconut fried coconut,  coconut on coconut, coconut-- We're gonna have a special treat for Thanksgiving dinner. - What's that?  - Coconut drumstick. [sniffing] I smell bacon. Sure you do, Gilligan. I think Gilligan's been  on the island too long. You know I thought I smelled bacon too. See. Unfortunately, it's just a figment of our imagination. Yeah? Well, my figment  smells just the way I like it. Well done and crisp. - 'Gilligan.'  - Over here, Skipper. Listen, buddy, if we wanna eat  something beside coconuts we're gonna have to get  some other kind of food. I'm all set. I'm gonna pick some dates. With a bow and arrow? Since we can't climb these trees, so I figured I'll shoot 'em down. Well, certainly, Gilligan,  and if you're real careful maybe you can shoot the pits  out of 'em at same time. I bet it works. Watch. Gilligan, you pose some pretty  funny stunts on this island-- [T'chi] Ow! Ow! It worked. It worked, Skipper. Look, Skipper. Look at 'em. Oh Dates! Dates! Dates! Dates! Little buddy, you did it.  I'll gather and take 'em back. You go out  and hunt some more. Skipper, I shot 'em so I ought to take 'em to camp. I was sayin' I shot 'em down so you ought to take 'em. - Exactly.  - See you later. [comical music] [T'chi]  [comical music] I did it. I got a hit.  A direct hit. Oh, boy! Oh, boy!  Look at 'em all. Look at 'em all, mister.  Look at 'em all. A bit hit.  Look, look. - What are you doin' here?  - Me? I was just about to ask you the same thing. I was shipwrecked. Amazing. That's just what happened to me. Shipwrecked. Barely made it to shore. I'm sure glad  you made it. You were shipwrecked, how come  your clothes are not wrinkled? Drip dry. - Your shoes?  - Drip dry too. I guess you're  drip drying everything since we got shipwrecked. - We?  - Yeah. There are other people on this island beside yourself? The Skipper, the Professor,  Ginger, Mary Ann Mr. and Mrs. Howell. I see. I don't know how your boat got  wrecked, no boats come here. I was destined for an island in this vicinity. All the islands around  here are uninhabited. Except for a few  with wild natives on 'em. Well, that's just it. I was heading for an island with wild natives. I was to help them rid their island of tropical diseases. You see...I am a doctor. Doctor? Boy, what a break having a doctor here in the island. - Did you save many lives?  - Saved a few. Lost a few. You can't win 'em all. My name's Gilligan. I'm Jackson Farrell. Dr. Jackson Farrell. Glad to meet you, sir,  I'll introduce you to the rest. You'll like 'em,  I know you will. I'm sure I will. I see you have a bow and arrow. There are no guns on the island? - Oh, we have guns.  - Oh. No bullets. - I used to shoot down dates.  - Quite right. - That's how we met.  - Yeah. Real fun. Just kinda get it like that  and then you just kinda.. - Money! Money! Money! Money!  - Gilligan. Gilligan. - We're rich, rich.  - Gilligan, just a minute. Now don't worry. I'll cut you in because you were here. How did it get up there? Now, let me explain, Gilligan. You remember me telling you about the natives and the tropical diseases. Well, this money is part of the endowment to build a hospital on that island. Oh. Fortunately, I saved the sack before the boat went down. You mean, people donated  this money to you? That's a good way to put it. They donated it. Oh. Well, that sure  was generous of 'em. Gilligan, you should have seen the way they handed it to me. (Gilligan)  'Mr. and Mrs. Howell.' Here comes Gilligan with a man we've never seen before. I wish he wouldn't drop by with  people, we're not even dressed. Mr. and Mrs. Howell, I'd like  to have you meet Dr. Farrell. Doctor, how marvelous! Doctor, you know, I have  the worst shooting pain. - Have you had it before?  - Yes. Yes. - Well, you've got it again.  - Shh. He was shipwrecked on his way to an island to help natives. You work with natives?  That must be very rewarding. I'm gonna go tell the others. Sit down, doctor, you can join lovely Mrs. Howell and myself. So you were wrecked en route to the island? Yes. It came as  quite a blow. I had great plans  for the island. Modern hospital, latest  technical equipment, lab. Oh, your laboratory. Well, hospitals happen to be  one of our favorite charities. Lovey, remind me  to send him a check. Will a few hundred thousand  dollars be enough? A few hundred thousand? Well, of course, doctor. Philanthropic work like yours must be encouraged. Native diseases so often affect the natives. Doctor, with that kind  of money could you possibly name  a disease after us? Not the run-of-the-mill disease. Something a little special. Uh, for example, something like beriberi. Yes, yes. Perhaps, you could  call it Howell-Howell. Oh, marvelous, Thurston. In that way, we'd each get separate billing. He was washed up in the island. Oh, I'm so glad  you were saved, doctor. What a lucky break, if any of us get sick you can give us a shot. True. I might be able to  give you a shot. He's a famous doctor. Builds hospitals and everything. - Oh.  - How exciting. What do you  specialize in, doctor? - Surgery.  - Surgery! Yes, I have devoted most  of my life to removing things. I insist that you move in  with us and share our hut. Certainly, doc. Everything we have is yours. You're all very kind,  but I'm sure you're somewhat pressed  for accommodations. Nonsense. We've got plenty of room. - Sure, right. - You can have Gilligan's bunk. Now, I don't wish  to impose. It's no imposition at all,  is it, Gilligan? No. It's no imposition at all. Gilligan will move  his gear out, won't you? Sure, he'll move his  gear out right away. [mumbling] (man on radio)  'We interrupt this program  for special news bulletin.' 'The international master  criminal, Jackson Farrell' 'has escaped by sea with  over a half million dollars' 'taken in a holdup from the  Monarch Bank last Thursday.' Jackson Farrell? 'Yes, Jackson Farrell  has done it again.' 'No clues are available,  but it is suspected that' 'Farrell and his accomplices  are hiding out somewhere' 'in the tiny, uncharted islands of the South Pacific.' Doctor, when they discover that you haven't arrived on this native island, they'll send a search party? It's possible.  Very possible. Well, is it possible  when your ship.. Excuse me, doctor. What is it, Gilligan? Something  wrong with your finger? Nothing wrong with my finger. Would you like  the doctor look at it? - No.  - Then stop interrupting. I'm having a very important  conversation with the doctor. What I wanted to ask you  is when your ship went down possibly they took a fix  on our position. Unfortunately,  it all happened so quickly. I just wanted to say  I caught a fish this big. Well, good for you, Gilligan. Now, will you get in the hut,  clean it so he can move in. What's that you've  got there, Gilligan? Transistor radio? - Yes, sir.  - Oh. Then you're able to receive news from the outside world. - Well, we could if it worked.  - Nothing is wrong with it. See, I turn it on.  Nothing even happens. - Give me that radio.  - Skipper, it doesn't work. - Skipper, it doesn't work.  - Give me the radio. Skipper, it doesn't work. Now, you did it. You broke it. It'll never work now. You better hope  it works, Gilligan. (man on radio)  '...bulletin, it has been  confirmed that the holdup at' 'Monarch Bank was masterminded by Jackson Farrell.' That's the news for the day. Hold it! So now you know. Before too long a boat  will arrive to pick me up. Until that time,  I don't want any problems. If any problems do arise I won't hesitate  to eliminate them. Any questions? Any bullets in that gun? [gunshot] Any more questions? - Any sign of him?  - No. He must down some place. We got to have  a plan of action. Seems reasonable he can't  stay awake all night. Exactly. He got to doze off some time. 'That's when we can get his gun.' When he dozes off,  you two jump him his gun will fly in the air,  I'll catch it and I'll say.. - Good evening.  - Good evening. Sounds like a very intriguing plan. Now, stay right there. Don't move. I just finished tying up  the others for the evening. And now I want you  to tie up both of them. Him first. Skipper, you better lay down. - Leave it a little loose.  - Leave it a little what? There. That should keep you gentlemen  in place for the night. I hope I haven't cut off  your circulation. Oh, no, no. See. Thanks for telling me, Gilligan. You're welcome. Gilligan, you try.  You're thinner than I am. Bend way down. No, bend down, Gilligan. 'Bend down.  That's it.' Come on.  Give him a push. 'Push, Gilligan. Push.  Professor, push it.' Skipper, I'm stuck. Skipper, he's coming back. Get down and push. [snoring] - Mr. Farrell?  - Mr. Farrell? Where are you, Mr. Farrell? - Mr. Farrell?  - Mr. Farrell? - Mr. Farrell?  - Mr. Farrell? Ooh-oh! Mr. Farrell, Mrs. Howell  and I have been discussing this rather sticky situation  that does exist between us. You know, the fact that you're  a thief instead of a doctor. Please, please, darling. Doctor Farrell.  I mean, Mr. Farrell. I think this is something that could be negotiated between us. I have this piece of driftwood I have used as a check. You see. It says, "Pay to the order of  Mr. Jackson Farrell One hundred thousand dollars"  and my signature. A hundred thousand?  That says ten thousand. Ten thousand, no, that comma,  that's a piece of seaweed. Are you kidding? If I try to cash this check, the police will be on me. He's right. It'll be disastrous for  Mr. Farrell to cash that check. Please, Lovey. Sometimes I think a woman's  place is in the hut. - The perfect setup.  - Okay. I'll help you up. Gilligan, will you stop that.  I'm on your side. I'll grab his gun  after you hit him. Give me a hand, Skipper. [thud] Nice work, Gilligan. We did it. We did it. We've got him. We've got him. We have? I'm sorry. I slipped. - Here, let me help you.  - Thank you, Professor. Gee, there must be  something we can do. Well, that gun is the key to the situation. If we could get that gun before his friends arrive we'd have a chance. I think I've got an idea  how to get that gun. Oh, how? Watch it.  He's coming. Okay, be jealous. I'm telling  you he's my kind of man. If that's gonna be your attitude I don't want any part of you. Go on. Get lost. Oh, Mr. Farrell. We were just discussing you. Won't you sit down? We were getting along so  beautifully when we first met. That's when you thought I was a doctor. Yeah. You are even  more interesting now. It must be fascinating  going to all those exotic places  all over the world. When your friends  come back how about taking  me with you? Say, that's an idea. I've got enough loot now to cover you in minks, sables. - You'd like that, huh?  - I am a woman. Yeah, I noticed. We can make beautiful music together, Jackson. Beautiful music. - Ginger.  - Yes, Jackson. And that beautiful music  will be "And the Angels Sing." If you get any closer  to that gun. Hey, Skipper!  Hey, Skipper! - What's the hurry, Gilligan? - There's a boat rowing ashore. Well, I could see my departure  is near at hand. Mr. Farrell, when you get back  to civilization how about telling 'em we are  stranded here on this island? And the run the risk of you returning and blowing the whistle on me and my friends? Gilligan, give me that glass. That isn't any of my boys. It's the Indigo mob. - The Indigo mob?  - They must have tailed me. Skipper, Mr. and Mrs. Howell. Now, you're all going to do exactly as I say. Remember, as natives,  you speak no English. Understand? You'll answer all questions  in native gibberish. But sir, what if we  happen to happen to-- [speaking gibberish] I'll be inside the hut  with a gun pointed at your  pretty little friend. Remember, one slip up  and no pretty little friend. I hope on of 'em can understand English. I've seen a lot  of primitive tribes in my day but this one  takes the cake. This outfit can set back civilization two thousand years. Looking for white man, criminal. He hold up bank. 'No speak English?' Lucky, looks to me like  they don't speak anything. Yeah, come on. Let's get out of here. [speaking gibberish] Oh, so you do talk. [speaking gibberish] Lucky, get a load  of these two. It's hard to believe  they are human beings. Yeah. [speaking gibberish] (Lucky)  'That one don't need  to speak anything.' You can say that again.  Hello, darling. (Lucky)  'I think she's trying  to tell you something.' I'm trying to tell her  something too. (Lucky)  'It's a good thing she can't  understand English.' 'She'd slap you face.' Must have been  what I said. [speaking gibberish] Let's get out of here. [speaking gibberish] I could have swore  I heard him say moolah, moolah, moolah. Even the most native tribes  must know about money. (Lucky) 'He looks like the village bum.' Moolah, moolah, moolah. I guess he's asking  for a handout. Indeed. [speaking gibberish] Okey-dokey. How do you like that? Even the natives are henpecked. I want to thank you all for  coming here and seeing me off. Mr. Jackson, please. Notify the authorities about us. Sure, we will.  Huh, boss? Nobody likes a wise guy. Alright, come on, slim.  Give us a hand. [engine sputtering] Gilligan, give us the anchor. No, no.  No, no. No, no. Don't throw it.  Bring it to me. The money.  The money! Stop the motor! Stop the motor! The propeller is shooting the money off the pits. It's all chopped up.  It's all chopped up. Cheaters never prosper. I got to get  that Gilligan. I got to give it  to that Gilligan. Gun is wet, boss. Thanks for the information. The gun is full of water.  Come on, let's get him. - Here they come, boss.  - Let's get out of here. With Gilligan on that island,  you can't win. [engine roaring] No use, Skipper. We can't catch him. I guess you're right, Professor. I'm looking for the money  and I think I got it. - I got it, I got it.  - Well, take it out. (man on radio)  'We interrupt this program  to bring you a news bulletin.' 'The coast guard has boarded  the Sea Spray and apprehended' 'Jackson Farrell and his  gang of bank robbers.' Hey, Skipper.  Skipper. 'The authorities were unable  to locate any of the loot' 'from the Monarch Bank holdup  but members of the gang' 'confessed and Jackson Farrell  and his men are being' 'brought back  for further questioning.' The coastguard got 'em.  Good for them. Yeah, they'll put 'em in jail where they belong. What are you doing? I went skin diving the rest of the money, all the pieces. Boy! It's just some big build. I have never seen so many zeros. And what is it  you're doing with them? I'm gonna make  one long million dollar bill. Hey, Skipper. Have one.. Here have... three thousand dollars. Thanks, little buddy. ["The Ballad  of Gilligan's Isle"] ¶ Now this is the tale  of the castaways ¶ ¶ They're here  for a long, long time ¶ ¶ They'll have to make  the best of things ¶ ¶ It's an uphill climb ¶ ¶ The first mate  and his Skipper too ¶ ¶ Will do their very best ¶ ¶ To make  the others comfortable ¶ ¶ In their tropic island nest ¶ ¶ No phones, no lights,  no motorcars ¶ ¶ Not a single luxury ¶ ¶ Like Robinson Crusoe ¶ ¶ It's primitive as can be ¶ ¶ So join us here  each week my friends ¶ ¶ You're sure  to get a smile ¶ ¶ For seven  stranded castaways ¶ ¶ Here on Gilligan's isle ¶ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 