Gilligan's Island: Season 1, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gilligan's Island 
 s1e19 - Gilligan Meets Jungle Boy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gilligan's Island (1964–1992): Season 1, Episode 19 - Gilligan Meets Jungle Boy - full transcript 
 The castaways try to teach a jungle boy found on the island to speak enough English so that he can take a hot-air balloon to Hawaii to rescue them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ¶ Just sit right back  and you'll hear a tale ¶ ¶ A tale of a fateful trip ¶ ¶ That started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship ¶ ¶ The mate was  a mighty sailing man ¶ ¶ The skipper brave and sure ¶ ¶ Five passengers  set sail that day ¶ ¶ For a three hour tour,  a three hour tour ¶ [thunder rumbling] ¶ The weather  started getting rough ¶ ¶ The tiny ship was tossed ¶ ¶ If not for the courage  of the fearless crew ¶ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The Minnow would be lost ¶ ¶ The ship set ground  on the shore ¶ ¶ Of this uncharted  desert isle ¶ ¶ With Gilligan ¶ ¶ The Skipper too ¶ ¶ The millionaire and his wife ¶ ¶ The movie star ¶ ¶ And the rest are here  on Gilligan's Isle ¶ [theme music] [jungle boy screaming] Who's there? Maybe it's a man-eating lion  or hungry tiger. But lions and tigers aren't  on deserted islands. Are you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [repeated kissing] It's a boy! It's a jungle boy! Wait, no, wait. Kid, wait, wait, take it easy now. Wait, wait, don't go away now,  please, please. [hooting] Wait for me, kid!  Wait for me! Hey, wait for me. Don't go away, kid. Here I come, kid! [hooting] Ah. Professor, that works great. Just like a regular fan. Better. You don't get bills from the electric company each month. Yeah! Why don't you  get it patented? I wrote to Washington, but I don't think the bottle ever got there. Skipper! Skipper, Skipper.  You should've seen him. Swinging from tree to tree. - Who, Gilligan, who?  - A jungle boy. One minute he was there, then he was gone. Then he was back. I'm glad he got back.  I was beginning to miss him. There's a boy out there, honest, Skipper. Oh, Gilligan. Me, Tarzan.  You, Jane. Him, boy. The boy's about this tall,  kind of hard to tell. He's always swinging  through the trees. Gilligan, once and for all,  I have had it! - Had what?  - Your fantastic stories. Are you sure  it wasn't a monkey? A monkey is real short and has hair all over it and goes.. [hooting] Well, Gilligan, I've never  seen you look so natural. Now we've searched this island, and there is nobody else here. He's out there, I can prove it. Just follow me. I do not believe you. This time, I gonna make you admit that you don't believe you either. Huh? This is where I found him.  I think he lives in that tree. Well, why don't we knock on  the tree and see if he's home. Skipper, I saw him honest. He was right on this spot  a little while ago. Well, obviously he's not here now, so let's go back. Wait a minute, honest, Skipper. I saw him. Boy! Oh, boy! There he is. [bird chirping] Gilligan, you didn't tell me that he had feathers. Honest. I just saw him. Boy. Oh, boy. I hear him.  I hear him. I hear him. He's back in the tree. Gilligan, that wasn't even a boy bird! [repeated kissing] Don't do that,  I know you're not there. Well, where were you when I needed you? - Skipper.  - Skipper. - Anybody.  - Anybody. - Don't do that.  - Don't do that. What do you know,  Little Sir Echo. (Gilligan) Huh? No, look I don't have time to play catch. Look, I got to take you back to camp. Come back with me to camp. Do you understand?  No, you don't understand. Listen, you know, come back.. 'No, we're not going  to get any place this way.' You want to play  follow the leader? Okay, five minutes, then I got to get back to camp, okay? 'Hey, kid wait, for me.' [yodeling] [air hissing] Watch it.  Look out! What's that? [hissing continues] Wait till Skipper sees this  and wait till he sees you. Give me the rock, and I'll cap it. No, the rock. See, the rock. Thanks. Thanks.. Alright, come on, let's go back to camp. You know, follow the leader? Remember? Follow the leader? Remember? This way, come on. [laughs] How much longer, Mary Ann? We're almost to the rinse cycle, Skipper. Sometimes, I think the professor invents too many things. ¶ Ha, ho! This is the way  we wash our clothes ¶ ¶ Wash our clothes  Wash our clothes ¶ ¶ This is the way  we wash our clothes ¶ ¶ So early in the morning ¶ Mr. Howell, would you like it if I put you in the driver seat? Sir, are you suggesting  that I stoop to manual labor? Congratulations! You got it right the first time. Would you ask a man  with a chronic sacroiliac and a strangulated disk  to do a thing like that? - You got all those things?  - Don't evade the issue. - Alright, Gilligan.  - I made it. Come on, Frank Bucks,  stand up straight. - You got to help me, Skipper.  - It's no use. The Skipper is an enemy  of medical science. His back is fine. It's his head  I'm worried about. Still having those  hallucinations? Nope! Found the jungle boy, found a gas that floats things. We played around and came back. - A jungle boy? - Yes. Like the one over there. Gilligan, if you say  jungle boy once more I'll.. A jungle boy! - He said it. I didn't.  - You did? Well, obviously since  there is a jungle boy. How about you, Mary Ann.  Do you see it too? It's not an it, Skipper. It is a boy. It's a jungle boy. And I suppose that if I turn  around, I'll see it too. I see it! Come on, Gilligan,  let's grab him. - No, Skipper, don't.  - Why not? He swings like a monkey, swims like a fish, runs like a deer. - I don't want that again. - One attribute I have is charm. Children simply adore me. They  think of me as a rich uncle. Yes. Come here, jungle boy. 'Uncle Thurston Howell III  would like' 'to leave you a little  something in his will.' Come here, boy,  and that's an order! Heel! Mr. Howell. That wouldn't even work on a cobra. Cobras indeed, the boy obviously has gone to the wrong school. Hi. Come on, honey. Nobody's gonna hurt you. Come on. I say she's charmed the little nipper. How'd you do that, Mary Ann? When fishing for boys, the proper bait is girls. Good work. Maybe he can tell us how to get off the island. How long have you been here? 'How close are we to Hawaii? How can we get off this island'' Is-land? No, you don't seem to understand. Now, you tell your uncle Thurston how to get off this ridiculous island and when we get back I'll give you a substantial reward like matched luggage. Lug-gage? I don't think he understands what you're saying. Say-ing. Maybe he has some information  that'll help us get off the island. We've got to all try  and communicate with him. Come on, young fella.. [clamoring] I won't declare. - 'What's your name?'  - Name. No, let me try it, huh? Since I'm not doing  any good. Mary Ann. - Mary Ann.  - No, no. No, no. I'm afraid we'll have to start with the basics. Girl. Boy. Girl.  Boy. Girl.  Boy. Girl.  Boy, boy, boy! Oh, dear, I do wish I paid more attention to those Tarzan pictures. Got to make you  look presentable. Y-your hair is  just a mess. Hm. I guess we better  let you look like you. There. Here,  see how you like it. [screaming] First things first, little boy.  And the first thing is manners. - Manners.  - Right. That means the fork  or spoon on the outside is the one that you use first. Like this. No, Lovey, no.  Definitely not. Thurston. No, Lovey, you can ask a man just so much. But it's the only way I can  get him out of the tree. No, dear, no. Well, alright, Thurston,  if you say so. But after all, you're  a great big grown-up man. - And he's just a little boy.  - Well, alright. - 'I'm afraid he'll fall out.'  - 'Oh, he's right at home.' He'll be alright. In New Port beach, one doesn't sleep out in the backyard. Mrs. Howell, he's probably  been sleeping 'like that since he was  this big.' [air hissing] Here, now watch this.  Ready, go. [all laugh] I don't understand this, but I  have to admit you were right. It's really something, huh? It appears to be both odorless and colorless. You can't see it or smell it. Isn't that what I just said? (Skipper)  'Oh, never mind, Professor.  Young Tom Edison, you know.' Because of its buoyant qualities, I'd say it's either hydrogen or helium or a combination of both gases and or their properties. I agree completely. What do you mean  you agree? You didn't understand  what he said. Right. So that's why I should agree. Don't they use helium  to blow up dirigibles and balloons and all that.. Did someone say there's  helium on this island? Helium or hydrogen. What an opportunity. I can see it now. I'll form a new company. Howell's Helium and  Hydrogen Corporation. Please, Mr. Howell, we've got important problems to solve. Oh, what's more important than  money? Oh, I can see it now. I'll put it up in fifths,  quarts, magnums. And before I'm through, I'll  have the whole country gassed. What an issue, it floats. [everybody laughs] 'You know what we're gonna do?' We're gonna use that gas to inflate a balloon and float one of us to civilization. Professor, there's a place for a man like you in my organization. - I'll take my hat off to you.  - Professor, me too. The professor's a genius.  Just a few hours ago this contraption was  a washing machine. And now, it's a sewing machine. I hope it works. Sure it will. Soon as we sew  those raincoats together the professor seals them  with sap from a rubber tree we'll have our own  Island Airlines 'leaving from gate number one.' - Coffee, tea, or milk?  - Coffee, tea, or milk? I'm practicing  to be a stewardess. - Well, here I am. Last load. - Where are the other raincoats? Ah, they're underneath,  it was easier to carry. - Whose raincoat is that?  - Oh, it's mine. It shrunk during the rain. Ah, she's holding  the helium very well. This is going to work out  better than I expected. Looks like a trench coat  for an octopus. Gilligan, you make sure those lines are secure. 'I don't want it to float away  before she's ready.' Make the other end  of this line secure. Yes, sir. Gilligan, may I have  my end of the line? You got the short end. You should've the long end like me. What are you, some kind  of a knot or something? Well, give me some line. Alright, Gilligan,  secure the line. [screaming] My finger. Ah, Mr. Howell. How you  doing with the basket? If I'd known the ballast  was gonna be this heavy I wouldn't have volunteered  for the job. Uh-uh, Professor. 'Skipper, come here a moment.  I-I have a brilliant idea!' Get around the other side where  you can see what you're doing. Aye, aye, sir. Why don't we tie the provisions on instead of the ballast? That way we'll be killing two birds with one rope. Speaking of minds,  where is Gilligan? [snake charming music] He's inside the balloon. C'mon. (Professor)  Wait a minute, skip.  Let me cap this Helium. - Got you. Got a foot skipper?  - Yeah. Come down out  of there, Gilligan. Oh, by George, that boy.  Watch it. Duck your head, that's it. - To the left.  - Goodness sakes, Gilligan. How do you do these things! Now let's put him on that  rock over there, Professor. Now stay right there  and stay out of trouble! Let's check that balloon. See if he did any damage. (Skipper) 'Gilligan, come down here. We've got a lot of work to do.' I'm going back up again. Only one thing I can think of.  That artificial respiration just squeezed the helium  out of him. You mean like this? [exhaling air] Are you alright, little buddy? Did I hurt you? Next time, lets  just shake hands! (Skipper)  'I still say, I'm the one  who goes in the balloon.' (Professor)  'I thought we agreed  to use logic.' (Skipper)  'It's logical for  the captain to go.' (Mr. Howell) 'Well, I'm the richest man here, and I have something to say.' - What kind of logic is that.  - The best logic, money. Gentlemen, we got to reach a decision! It's a cinch you three  can't go up there. - Well, I know navigation.  - I know air currents. And I know the presidents  of five major airlines. - I know, I'm not going up.  - What do you mean? It'll be comfortable with Ginger as the stewardess the skipper as the pilot,  the professor as navigator. I'll be more than comfortable. I wish you'd listen. Only one person can go in this balloon! One person? No bubbly?  No movies? Oh, my God, that's  a tourist flight! - Exactly!  - Exactly, then count me out! Skipper, then it's between  you and me. - Why not draw straws?  - Of all the stupid ideas. Why's it stupid? Why did you say it was stupid, Gilligan? - But Skipper..  - I as holding the straws! - Oh, no! No, you won't!  - No, no, no. I just happen to have two straws see! The short one goes. Good enough? Good Enough?  There you are. - Ready?  - Ready. I won, I won, I won!  Ha ha ha. I won...I think. Remember to call my broker, alright? - The minute I land, Mr. Howell. - Alright. And you'll call my agent? Got his number  right in my pocket. Don't forget to send  somebody back. Gilligan, that's why  I'm going, remember? Sure, I remember. I just  hope you don't forget. - 'Everybody, listen.'  - Uh, roger. That's Air Force talk,  wild blue yonder. - Oh, roger!  - I'll control the guide line. That'll get the balloon  clear of the foliage and make sure he's headed  in the right direction. If you land in London, mention  my name to the royal family. They'll put you up. You and Mr. Howell  steady the side lines. 'Be ready to let go  when I yell.' Roger. Gilligan, cast off  that side line. (Professor)  'I'll start the countdown.  Five, four, three, two, one.' I guess it's still  too heavy, Professor. I'll throw off  a little ballast. Good luck, Skipper. (together)  'Bon voyage.' Pull the balloon back down! We haven't six claws,  I mean really, Lovey. I can't stand a...unsuccessful.. Our first experiment  was perfect. Except, of course,  for one minor detail. - It failed.  - I know. But that's just because  the cargo was overweight. That's you, Skipper. Quiet, the professor's trying to explain something to us. Go ahead, Professor. So with the  weight problem eliminated everything else has  worked out scientifically. I've computed the cross-Pacific air currents the rotation of the Earth,  our latitude and longitude and the jet stream which  goes directly to Hawaii. He wore out two whole pencils. The balloon has to rise  to a height of 300 feet 'to catch the air currents.' Which means it can carry  20 pounds of provisions or 90 pounds of human cargo  with complete safety. Ninety pounds? Oh, no, you don't. We-we'll give  the lad flight pay. Oh, I assure you,  he'll be completely safe. 'We can put a note in his pocket explaining our situation.' Professor's got a point. You can't send that  boy up in a crate. She's got a good point too. Well, it'll sail itself.  There's no navigation problem. You got a good point too. Aren't you suppose to test these things or something? Mrs. Howell's got a good point. The flight will make  the lad famous. Mr. Howell's got a good point too. Gilligan, not everyone  can have a good point. You don't have to agree  with everyone. You know something, Skipper? You got a good point too. Besides, I don't see why anybody should go up in that balloon. We have to put a rescue note in it and let it go up by itself. (everyone)  Gilligan, good point.  Great idea. (Professor)  'Absolutely wonderful.' I put everything I could think  of into this rescue note. So did I, as we know about  longitude and latitude. And I offered a generous  reward for our rescue. I knew you would, Lovey. My note reads, double previous offer. Skipper, Professor, the boy  is gone! He's disappeared. Maybe he went to where he used to live to get a few things! What'd he have,  a formal loincloth? - I wonder.  - You wonder what? Well, he knew we were talking about him and the balloon. - Oh, no, he wouldn't do that.  - Oh. 'The balloon is gone,  it's gone!' Is it caught in the trees anywhere? It's terrible. Oh, he sure must have used  a sharp knife! - These are cut clean through.  - Oh, that poor boy. I assure you, Mrs. Howell,  he'll be perfectly safe. Not only that,  we'll all be rescued! Because when they find him,  he'll tell 'em about us. He'll tell 'em about the island. He'll tell 'em to send a boat.. Gilligan. How is he  going to tell them? He'll just say, boy-boy,  girl-girl...no-no. Gilligan, I keep telling you  it was not your fault! - Yeah, but I found him.  - We'd found him eventually. How 'bout the helium? Gilligan, if there is any blame, we should all share it. We knew he was listening  when we were talking about it. (man on radio)  'Ladies and gentlemen,  we interrupt' 'our regularly scheduled program for a special announcement.' - Shh.  - I didn't say anything. Well, you were just  about to, now shh. (man on radio) 'A most miraculous and unusual event has happened'' 'An unidentified boy in a balloon made of raincoats' 'has landed on the deck of a United States aircraft carrier'' - He made it! Hey, everybody!  - He made it! Everybody! - What is that? What is that?  - Listen. (man on radio)  'Of course, the mystery will  remain with us for years' 'for it will take that long  to find out who he is' 'or where he came from  since all he can do is mimic.' - He could use a fork.  - Why, he can comb his hair. (man on radio)  'Obviously, he didn't  make the balloon himself.' The boy's a pilot,  not an inventor. - 'He had help but whom?'  - Who. (man on radio)  'So far, all we've been able  to get out of him is' 'boy-boy, girl-girl, no-no.' That's about all they'll  ever get out of him too. After he grows up and goes to school and college he'll be able to talk real good. - But that'll be ten years.  - Anything else, Gilligan? Mm-hmm. You, Skipper.  Him, Professor. Me, nut. ¶ Now this is the tale  of our castaways ¶ ¶ They're here  for a long long time ¶ ¶ They'll have to make  the best of things ¶ ¶ It's an uphill climb ¶ ¶ The first mate  and his skipper too ¶ ¶ Will do their very best ¶ ¶ To make  the others comfortable ¶ ¶ In their tropic island nest ¶ ¶ No phone, no lights,  no motor car ¶ ¶ Not a single luxury ¶ ¶ Like Robinson Crusoe ¶ ¶ It's primitive as can be ¶ ¶ So join us here each  week my friends ¶ ¶ You're sure to get a smile ¶ ¶ For seven stranded castaways ¶ ¶ Here on Gilligan's Isle ¶ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 