Sugar Rush Christmas: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sugar Rush Christmas 
 s1e2 - O Christmas Tree - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sugar Rush Christmas (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - O Christmas Tree - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is Sugar Rush Christmas, the baking competition where time is the most important ingredient. Four teams of brilliant bakers compete against each other and the clock over three rounds of competition. The faster they work, the better, because any time saved from round one: cupcakes, Confections, will be banked and added to the third and final round: cakes. I'm your host Hunter March, and determining which of these teams is going to find $10,000 under their Christmas tree today 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is our cheery panel of judges. Candace Nelson, the star at the top of my Christmas tree. Founder of the world's first cupcake-only bakery. Next up, Adriano Zumbo, the celebrated Australian pastry chef we all love. Today, our talented group of bakers will be lighting up three rounds of Christmas tree-themed challenges. And finally, our guest judge. Acclaimed baker, known for her explosive and colorful cakes, founder and owner of Flour Shop, Amirah Kassem. Candace is inside right now, walking our bakers through round one of their Christmas tree-themed challenges... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...and that sound means our round has just begun. Let's go inside. - Good luck, bakers. Have fun! - Thanks, Hunter. Decorate with all of your hearts and love. And speaking of all my hearts and love, Candace, how's it going? - Great, Hunter. Merry Christmas. - Merry Christmas. Amirah, welcome to the show. - Thanks for having me. - How do you feel right now? Excited. It's snowing, it's Christmas. What's there not to love? What are our bakers doing for round one of their Christmas tree-themed challenge? Well, the bakers today are supposed to give us cupcakes that look like gifts. So anything from beautiful bows, to colorful wrapping paper. Most importantly though, - we want festive flavors. - Fantastic. - We need a present on the inside. - Okay. Do, like, um, like a compote. - How about a gift bag? Okay. - Yeah, gift bag. We can do a Mexican hot cocoa and make that a ganache. You're reading my mind. It should definitely have a texture. Maybe candied hazelnuts. I was actually a little bit intimidated by Kristi the first time I met her because she was, like, much more highly skilled. But she also had this, like, kind of quirky, dorky sense of humor, - which I really love. - I'm a big dork. I think hazelnut extract will really make the hazelnut flavor stand out. Erin is really awesome with flavor profiles. So that's definitely going to help out in this competition. I'm grabbing us more bowls in case we need to make more components. For round one, we are making a Christmas present-inspired cupcake. We are going to do a hazelnut cupcake with candied hazelnuts, and a chocolate hazelnut filling. And then for the buttercream, we're gonna infuse a little coffee liqueur and some cinnamon to make it a little spicy for the holidays. And it's all going to be topped with a super cute edible fabric bow. I'm gonna add this coffee liqueur. I think it will make it so good. Alcohol kind of runs through the Christmas theme of both me and Kristi's families. So we're going to incorporate a shot. Hopefully. People get a little buzzed. Gotta taste this buttercream. It's really good. Needs a little bit of salt. Come on, Kevin, keep pushing through. We're from Seattle, Washington, and we work together at Cubes Baking Company. We bake all the ingredients that both Mayra and I grew up with. We're both Mexican-American, and on top of that, everything happens to be square or cube-shaped. We don't call our cupcakes "cupcakes." They're called "cup cubes." How's the cake batter coming along? I'm going to add a little more cinnamon because I really want that flavor to pop. Two of my favorite things to eat and drink around Christmas are buñuelos and Mexican hot chocolate. So we're combining the two. We're making a cinnamon "cup cube" with a Mexican hot chocolate ganache, and a fried cinnamon sugar buñuelo. They have food markers. I'll use these for the design on the wrapping paper. Perfect. To wrap our presents, we're doing edible silk made with edible food markers and wafer paper. Okay, Kevin, I'm putting the cupcakes in the oven. So fast, and I'm taking so long. It's all good, I got you. Yeah, we makin' boxes, for our cupcakes. I'm Ta'Nisha, and I'm from Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and I own Ta'Nisha Monique Cupcakes. I'm Tim, from Humboldt, Tennessee, and I own How Sweet It Is by Tim. Tim and I recently met through social media. Does your filling need to sit? I'm starting on it, though. I am a full-time culinary instructor at Haywood High School, and I'm doing this for them, to show them, hey, you can do anything you put your mind to. I am also competing for children, my children. I am a single mother. I am very much able to multitask. I hear everything. Don't be talking about me over there in the other station. Don't forget the peppermint. Yeah. It's Christmas. We're making a peppermint cupcake with a white chocolate mousse with a vanilla bean buttercream. So we got cupcakes, cupcakes going. When you think of Christmas, you have gift bag presents, you have box presents with bows, so we're going to top each cupcake with a different present. It smells delightful. I need one more ingredient for your spice cake. - We are... - The gluten-free goddesses. I just need the oil. Oil. I have celiac disease. My son was diagnosed with a wheat allergy, and I actually have an extreme intolerance to gluten as well. A little nutmeg in there, warm it up... We are making a gluten-free spice cupcake. We're gonna fill that with a really nice tart blackberry compote. And we're going to top it with an ermine frosting that has cream cheese in it. It's an ancient Victorian recipe, when they cooked their frosting instead of whipping it. Five ingredients in. I'll grab your mixer. With the gluten-free cupcake, you can't just take one flour. Where do you want it? So in this one, I chose a little bit of white rice flour, and a little bit of sweet rice flour, otherwise known as mochi, and mochi has that elasticity, because without it it tastes like a dry sponge. It's going to be the perfect Christmas cupcake. What do we have here? Judges... This is for Amirah. Whoo! Adriano. - Yeah! - And my sweet, sweet... Aww. Is it a ring? You know what? I don't know if we had that in the budget. - No. - Get outta town. - My gosh. - Get out of town. There's one of each. - And if you notice... - This is hilarious. ...I also have some very special ones going on. My god. These are amazing. I'm not sure what's going on over there. Are they cute? - Of course they're going to be cute. - My god, they look so good. Our edible bows are made from a sugar sheet, basically, that is flexible and allows you to create amazing things that look super realistic. All right, bows are done. I'm gonna take these out. Adding a filling to our cupcakes is even more of a present in itself. We also want to package it inside of a gift box. It's like a present Inception. Cupcakes are out. Hi, Tim. Hi, Ta'Nisha. Hi! How do you two know each other? We follow each other on social media. How do you feel now? Confident? - We're very confident - We're good. This is our first time working together. I can say I am a little nervous. It's a little bit intimidating, but it's like we instantly knew each other. I don't wanna take up more of your time. - Good luck, bakers. - Thanks. - Ro, how do the cupcakes look? - Amazing. I'm so excited. Getting onto the bags. If we can make every component on that plate edible, we're going to show that we're not just gluten-free, we're great decorators. - Hi, Roanna and Lisa, how are you? - Hi. We're doing great. How do you guys know each other? We met at a gluten-free expo. She's intolerant, I'm celiac. I'm gluten intolerant, too. - You can... All of our stuff. - This is amazing! Before I go, I love the menorah on your uniform. Thank you. I mean, I know everyone's celebrating Christmas, but I wanted to, you know, sort of represent a little bit... - It'll be a dual episode today. - Yes. Good luck with your cupcakes. I am so excited to come back. I'm so excited for you to try them! This is time consuming, Mayra. I don't know what I was thinking. Kevin, you're using wafer paper? Are you using wafer paper? Imitation is the kindest form of flattery, right? Are you altering your wafer paper or is it going to stay stiff? I am still working on this damn wrapping paper. I start by mixing powdered gelatin with water, and I add glycerine. And then it's ready to start brushing on. Don't rip! It turns the wafer paper very elastic. They look just like edible fabric. Little gift bags are done, finally. - Are you doing the buñuelos now? - Yeah. A buñuelo is a really delicious, crispy pastry that you make by taking a decorative iron, which is kind of like a stamp, that you insert into the liquid batter, then immediately into super hot oil. It releases from the iron and fries for just a minute on both sides. Yeah. Seems like the rest of the teams are, like, just finishing up. All right, bags are done for our cupcake toppers. Those... those are big! Those boxes. Just going to weigh, like... Really heavy. I don't think my presents are too big because I like big presents. Who doesn't like a big present? I'm downsizing the boxes a little bit. Why don't you just cut the bottom off? We don't have time for that. What are you working on now? We're just making the winning cupcakes. - What about you guys? - Okay... - Trying to distract me? - She's definitely trying to distract you. How's this looking? - I love it! - Nice and sparkly? - Amazing. - Yeah. Kristi, that drink is good. It's adorable. Right. Ready with bows. I see bows over on Erin and Kristi's station, and a gift tag. - They're beautiful. - Wow, a gift tag, great idea. Are they edible? Kristi, these look awesome. We're approaching an hour, and I can feel the heat from Erin and Kristi's station. They are right on our heels and I want to hit that buzzer first. It is going to be a tight... Who's going to buzz in first? Yes! Okay, Roanna and Lisa, first ones done. Judges, time to try our first cupcake of the day. Y'all playing to win! Are they gonna taste as good as ours? Maybe not, Ta'Nisha. We're not ready. Roanna and Lisa, the first ones done! Okay, I'm ready. I think we're good. Whoo! But right behind us, Erin and Kristi right... - We're gonna be right there in a second. - Right on your heels. We wanted to make it interactive because it's not Christmas if you don't open your own present. I love it. So the wrapping paper is all edible. How is that? We thought we'd start with a warm spice cake, and a really nice tart blackberry compote. This is one of the few times on the show people at home will see me actually take a real bite of a cupcake. - I'm so happy. - Enjoy. Warm Christmas, right there. I would never have known this cupcake was gluten-free. It has all those warm and tasty spices. I was a kid on Christmas morning with this cupcake. The cupcake was delicious. Really love that blackberry center, nice and fresh and tart. Um, it really balances out with that cupcake that has a slight spice to it. I loved it. I love the whole experience of it. That feeling of Christmas morning where you're wanting to unwrap everything to get to the center of it. I actually think it's like a warm hug inside. Well, thank you, bakers, so much. Adriano, what does that second round look like? For round two, we want you to create a confection that's a ornament that can be hung on a Christmas tree. - All right, let's do this. - Okay. - All right, we got to do an ornament. - An ornament that hangs. So I'm thinking maybe we do, like, a wreath shape, because it has a hole. We can string something through it. A dacquoise. Okay. We are turning right around. - Erin and Kristi, how are you? - Good! How are you? What's going on? Another buzzer in on the other corner. We will be right over to Tim and Ta'Nisha. Pass out your cupcakes, and tell us what you made. So we did a hazelnut cupcake. It's filled with a chocolate hazelnut whipped cream. And we did a coffee liqueur and cinnamon spice buttercream. Kristi and I both enjoy a few cocktails with family around the holidays. So we wanted to kind of incorporate that. - Cheers. - Cheers. I like the straw, though. You do enjoy some cocktails in the family. - Is this bow edible? - Yeah. What's it made of? - It's like an edible sugar paper. - Beautiful. Adriano, you're impressed with the bow. - Yeah, it's very realistic. - It is. - Even the feel. - It's light, yeah. There's so much realism in this edible bow. It's so beautiful. It kind of makes me wonder why you went with all the inedible stuff. I kind of feel like it took the sophistication down a little bit. I love all of the flavors in this. There was different textures within the inside. You got, like, a crunch, but then you also had this chocolate flavor, and you had... salt. I loved the saltiness and I love... Yes. I love a sweet and salty moment. Good luck, bakers. You have an hour and 41 minutes left on your ornament confections. Judges, we've another cupcake to eat. - Thank you. - Thanks. Sugar cookies are a staple at Christmas. Um, we can make them into stockings. - Hi, Ta'Nisha. Hi, Tim! - Hello, hello. - How are you doing? - Hi. Here we have a peppermint cupcake with a white chocolate mousse with an American buttercream. On top, you have a Tiffany gift box. Right off the bat, this is one of the heaviest cupcakes I have ever felt. The scale of your decorations were just a little grand for your delicate cupcake underneath. I love the details, and I could instantly see that that was a Tiffany box, and I was just sort of secretly jealous that Hunter got it and not me. - What did I get? Let's trade. - You got a gift bag. It's got a nice mint taste. For me, the frosting was a little gritty. With the... I can still feel a little bit of the sugar. It's like a Christmas fresh breath of air... because it's very light and airy, then very minty. I love the peppermint. Thank you. All right, get to work on your ornament confections. - We'll see you in a little bit. - Thank you. - All right. - Sphere. And we're gonna put the truffle in a glass ornament, and then we're going to make a little chocolate drop. It has to hang. Okay, we done? Yeah, go ahead. Kevin, Mayra... - How's it going? - Great, how are you? You know, that round took us a while, but we're confident that round two won't take us as long. We thought about our favorite snacks around Christmas time. Both Mayra and I are Mexican-American, so we started with cinnamon vanilla cake. It's filled with a Mexican hot chocolate ganache, wrapped up in a little edible gift sack. It's wafer paper we brushed with gelatin and glycerine to make it like a silk. That's incredible! I'm loving this challenge. I've learned two new things. I actually am Mexican, too. And I grew up having buñuelos over the holidays. So this is bringing me back, definitely, to, like, my grandma's kitchen. - That's what we wanted to do. - Yeah. Just from the start, I was so interested in this cupcake, from that wrapping paper. I thought it was a super cool technique. When you open it up, that cupcake is chock-a-block full of goodness. The buñuelo, which... Sometimes I think the fried thing won't really add to the dessert itself, but this added this really great crunchy texture. The flavor was perfect, and the Mexican chocolate inside added a delicate spice - to a fluffy cupcake. - Awesome. Okay, bakers, get to work on your ornament confections. Judges, let's head back to the judges' table. Thank you, bakers. - Thank you so much. - Thank you. We got to do something to save some time, so let's think of what we... We love empanadas. You can fry that, that's easy. Done. Judges, tell me if I'm wrong, but all four cupcakes, very good. Very good, very strong round today. But unfortunately, only three teams can continue to the confection round. So, we have to send one team home. Who had your two favorite cupcakes? Roanna and Lisa. I loved the freshness of that blackberry compote filling in the middle of their cupcake. Kevin and Mayra, for me, just... That first technique, that wrapping, it was amazing. Something new. I did grow up having buñuelos and Mexican chocolate, but I had never had both of them together in a cupcake, which really loved. We also have to look at who our two least favorite cupcakes came from this round. It's unfair to say that my least favorite cupcakes were Erin and Kristi's and Ta'Nisha and Tim's because they gave us delicious cupcakes, but there were just some missteps. Ta'Nisha and Tim, I felt like the scale of their fondant decorations took away from what was otherwise a delightfully fresh cupcake. Once you took away the fondant, then there really wasn't much presentation left. I think Erin and Kristi were up there. The non-edible box. I felt the shot didn't need to be there. Unfortunately, I'm picking on the minor things because the round was so strong. Sounds like a decision has been made. I will go ahead and let our bakers know. All right, bakers. Can I have your attention, please? Our judges enjoyed all of their gifts this year. The gift that our judges loved most belongs to... Kevin and Mayra. It was the perfect way to start a Christmas morning. You guys are safe from elimination, continue working on your confection. Thank you, judges. But the team with our judges' least favorite cupcake this round belongs to... Ta'Nisha and Tim. I just cannot stress to you how tough this competition was. But unfortunately, your time in the Sugar Rush kitchen has run out. I am disappointed. However, I got to meet Tim, he got to meet me, and we took on the challenge. I don't like to lose. - I mean, I'm not a sore loser, but... - You're a sore loser. Just say you're a sore loser. Okay. Whatever. Okay. Go, go, go, go. Kristi, a really good thing about this recipe is that we don't need to cool it before we can roll it and bake it. - Perfect. - That's going to save us on so much time. Our whole strategy with round two is saving and banking time. Our challenge for round two is an ornament. We decide to go with a stocking shape because it's cute, and you can personalize it. We are going to make a rosemary sugar cookie. It's going to be decorated with a marzipan fondant blend on top. We're going to put a hole through the top of it and hang it from the tree. I love how you can see the chunks of rosemary. It literally looks like pine needles. All right, I'm gonna start on the marzipan. Thank you. You know, it's so interesting to see how people play this game, right? Because the second round is really the only round where you can really bank time. Hey, Chicago girls! How's it going over there? It's going pretty good. How about you, what are you making? We've got a French pastry. La, la. We are just... about there. For the confection round, we are going to come in with a coconut almond dacquoise. And it's a French cookie that will be filled with a tropical pastry cream with mango, passion fruit, a little bit of lime zest... All right, Lisa, I'm going to start piping these, okay? Girl, you're rocking it right now. My family lives in Hawaii, and we spend a lot of our Christmases there, and for me Christmas is being on the beach, eating all those fruits that you don't normally get on the mainland. Popping this in the freezer first. Pearls everywhere! We find these sugar pearls, and we think they'll cook in beautifully, add another layer of crunch. This is perfect. - Okay, the dacquoise is in. - The filling is freezing. Okay. Gonna mash these on up. Pastry should take me ten minutes. - Think the fillings can be done in ten? - Yeah. We're making a plantain and guava empanada with white chocolate wings, complete with a golden white chocolate halo. I'm going to do a really flaky pastry as opposed to, like, the usual, like, Mexican soft, doughy empanadas. Cool. Gonna mash these on up. My dad would be so happy. These flavors, plantain and guava, I'm very familiar with. I am actually half Salvadoran. And in, actually, many Latin American countries, those flavor pairings are very popular. So, I want to pay homage to my culture, and I know it'll make my father very happy. Did we decide we wanna fry them, or do we wanna bake them? - Baking's going to take 20 minutes. - Let's fry them. Our idea is to deep fry the empanadas. Our fryer is still on, so they're not gonna take very long, and we're gonna be able to bank a good amount of time for round three. Plus, empanadas are supposed to be fried. Lisa, I need you to look at this, because the pearls melted everywhere. That extra sugar ruined it. - That didn't come out right. - It's not good. These pearls have melted. It looks terrible and we can't present this to the judges. Thankfully, I've got an entire piping bag of extra batter. We're going to pipe them again. And we're going to bake them again. This time with no pearls. We lost about 25 minutes on that, um, but we still have an hour left, so we can do this. Okay, it's more important to make it to the next round than it is to bank time. Absolutely. Absolutely. Do these look done, Kristi? Hot, behind you. - Look good? - Yeah. We get the cookies out of the oven, and they look good, they smell good... I feel really confident that we're going to win this. Mixing the marzipan and fondant now. Fondant on its own doesn't really taste that great. So we think that mixing the marzipan in with the fondant will make it taste a lot better, and the almond will pair really well with the rosemary. - What do you think about this, Erin? - My gosh. That looks like a sweater. I love it. Don't forget the loops. We got to put those in there to fry them, so that it really sticks. All the stocking pieces are cut, I'm gonna cut ribbon. I'm gonna type their names in royal icing. I like that. Okay. Are you ready? Erin and Kristi, already done with their confections. Let's head on down. Doesn't matter who finishes first. It's who finishes best. Erin and Kristi. Look how clean this station is, and look at your designs. We made a rosemary decorated sugar cookie, and the top is a mix of marzipan and fondant. Can we just talk about the glitter? Lots of glitter. I love the sparkle. I'm always baking sugar cookies with my boys, and so this is like a gift. Sugar cookies really are just so reminiscent of Christmas for me. And at first when I saw the decoration, I thought, "- there is a layer of fondant on this cookie." But I love how you cut it in with the marzipan because it made it delicious to eat as well. I love the complexity of, like, adding the rosemary and the almond. It's unexpected, I think, for a sugar cookie, which I really like. I want to fill a whole Christmas tree full of cookies. I love the hint of rosemary you put in, I thought it really elevated it. The presentation... I think it is just perfect. The only thing I'll say is I hope it's not too safe. - Heard. - Yeah. Hope you feel confident going into your third and final round. Amirah, why don't you walk them through what round three is going to be? For your final cake round, you have to bring all of the elements from today to create the centerpiece for the holidays: a magical Christmas tree cake with all the trimmings. - We got this. - We got this. You guys have 46 minutes banked. We're gonna go ahead and add three hours to that right now. Good luck, bakers. Thank you. Round three. We need to make an actual Christmas tree. So we want to go height, we don't wanna go, like, laying down. It should be standing up. - These are overfilled, Mayra. - It'll be fine. An empanada seems very flaky and light. And how do you hang an empanada? Like, I just... I don't know how you would do that. - I just hope they do. - I know. I'm gonna test one in the fryer, make sure it works. My god. This is the worst thing that could've happened. This dough doesn't fry very well. We gotta bake them. Gotta bake 'em. Take the filling out. Let's cut new ones. The pastry just has so much butter, and it is so flaky, that in the fryer it has just completely fallen apart. This is not going to work. Another make-it-work moment for Mayra and Kevin. Baking these empanadas is going to take at least 25 minutes. So we're just gonna be sitting ducks. We're not gonna serve them sub-par empanadas. - Oven. - Oven. - Should I pull these guys out? - I think that's good. As soon as they're cool, we're ready to go. The second batch comes out, that panic feeling goes away and it's just replaced by pride. This is how we wanted them to look. I need to, like, do it fatter. Go easy on the passion fruit chunks. - Okay? - Okay. - What did they put inside? - It's something... They're like little dots that are soaked in something. Okay. Okay, hang this guy. They should be buzzing any second. Ready, set, go. We are coming right down, right now. This is beautiful. We've gone with a tropical Christmas. To sort of pay homage to the fact that not the entire world celebrates Christmas with wintry flavors. - Right. - Beautiful. We've got a French daquoise, we've got a bit of coconut, bit of almond. I did a mango pastry cream with a little lime zest. We filled it with some passion fruit seeds to give you that crunch, and some cocoa nibs. Adriano, is this kind of what it's like to celebrate Christmas Down Under? Yep. It took me back home. Christmas in the summertime. Those soft daquoises with that nice little crispy exterior, and those crunchy cocoa nibs, super delicious. - Thanks. - And I love how you hung it, and it almost looks like an extension of the tree. It, like, naturally wanted to be there. So I really liked it. You guys are really mastering texture here with the crispness and chewiness of the daquoise, extra crunch of the cocoa nibs, and just that creaminess of the fruit curd. You did a really beautiful job. I'm delighted. And you saved just under 30 minutes. We're going to add three hours to that right now, giving you a total of three hours and 27 minutes. Bakers, get going on your Christmas tree cake! - Bye! - Thank you. We got to go big on this. - When you say big, like five tiers? - Go vertical. Give it height. I am Jewish. So I'm so excited, because this is my first Christmas tree. Let's do buttercream. - Let's... Let's... - Okay. - Texture it? Like needles? - Yes! - Yeah. - Okay, love it. - Are they getting golden? - A little bit. It is so hard waiting around for the empanadas to be done. All the other teams have already buzzed in. They're already working on their round three: cakes, and it is so hard watching them get ahead. - Call it a day? - Yep. That's as golden brown as it's gonna get. Sorry to keep you waiting, but I appreciate it. - We're almost there. - Good. You better be almost there. - You don't have a lot of time to not be. - They're gonna be delicious. As long as you're happy with it. As long as they're hanging. Maybe. Hopefully. All right. Let's do this. We're almost done. - Bakers, you have less than five minutes. - Go, go, go! - We got it! Good. I'm pressing the button. - Okay. Judges, we are heading down for our final confection. Not a lot of time left. We had plenty of time! We wanted to pay homage to Mayra's Central American heritage. Yeah, my father is Salvadoran, and a lot of common flavors you find in, like, pastries are plantains and guava, and we decided to incorporate that in our empanada. So you baked the string into the empanada? - We wanted super extra support there. - Clever. So delicious, the flavors of your filling are so bright, buttery, flaky. I can't stop eating it. - Awesome. - Yay! The creativity to make it into an angel, so beautiful, and then it tastes amazing. I mean, I'm very happy that you took your time because I, like, feel very lucky to have tried this. That pastry, it just melts in your mouth, and to balance it out with that sweet guava filling, I think it's perfect. You really showed your creativity. High fives all round. My god! High five! I touched Zumbo. My gosh. Okay, now, you guys had banked two minutes, and that's it! You don't have a lot of time, so get started on your cake. See you in a little bit, bakers. - Thank you. - Thank you. Judges, we have a decision to make. Let's make a Christmas tree that looks like a piñata. You want to make a piñata? - I think we should make a piñata. - You're loco. Okay, all three teams have finished their confections. But, unfortunately, only two teams can continue into the cake round. I want to know your thoughts. Who had your favorite confection? I mean, the empanadas just blew me away. It was so creative and so delicious. Confection perfection. Yeah, the guava and plantain tasted really good, which, with that buttery, savory pastry... ...it just balanced out really well. We'll be thinking about that empanada for a long time. Whoo! What of the other two teams had your least favorite confection? Erin and Kristi. It was beautifully decorated and the rosemary flavor was nice, it hung on a tree, but, you know, it was just safe. What they delivered to us was just a bit too simple. Although amazing, it's a competition. You have to bring everything you got. Let me know if you need any help with that deco stuff. And when you go over here to Lisa and Roanna, it was amazing, but there wasn't necessarily the wow factor which I look for. It's easy to forget they're working with one of the biggest challenges in baking, which is gluten-free. Not sure how many bonus points we give for that, - but it's great. - No, none. Mix that up... This is a really difficult position to be in because we have to eliminate someone who's a great baker and gave us something really wonderful. But a decision has been made, and I will let our bakers know. All right, bakers, can I have your attention, please? Our judges have made their second decision. The confection that put our judges in heaven belongs to... - Kevin and Mayra. - Yes! Well done. Yet again, you are safe from elimination. You can continue working on your cakes, - since you did not save any time. - My gosh. Thank you, guys. Erin and Kristi. Roanna and Lisa. The team going home is... Erin and Kristi. We're so sorry. It was just a tad too safe. Unfortunately, your time in the Sugar Rush kitchen has run out. Thank you. We are almost finished baking all of our cakes for round three, and we're going home. It's definitely a bummer, to get so far into it and have to go home. I know that Kristi and I are both very capable of making something much more intricate. But we chose as a strategy to make something simple, and that bit us in the butt. Thank you. Roanna and Lisa, Kevin and Mayra, you guys are moving on to your final cake round. We want to see these amazing Christmas trees come to life. You have two hours and 40 minutes. - Good luck bakers. - Thank you. We're going to go in a really classic direction. Straight Christmas tree. So we'll be decorating our tree with these isomalt lights. We're gonna put a few snowflakes on there, and then, of course, an angel tree topper. Winter wonderland. I'm mixing the gluten-free flours. We're going to have a gooey chocolate fudge cake with whipped white chocolate peppermint ganache, with some peppermint pieces inside, and a classic American buttercream on the outside. It's going to be Christmas in your mouth. Where are the other two? I'm gonna use big ones. Do it. With gluten free cake, you can't slice through it and have it come out clean. And one of the keys to gluten-free baking is to put a heat core in the center of it. It's made out of metal, so you'll get these perfectly flat cakes. I'm coming with the eights, top. Come on in. Looks like Roanna and Lisa are done with their batter, and they are on their way. Meanwhile, Kevin and Mayra literally just finished the confection round. So they've got some catching up to do. They're moving, she's knocking that batter in quickly, and hopefully they can close the gap. I think they can. No, I got my balls dirty. Mayra, I'm coloring the wafer paper with lemon extract - because it'll dry super, super fast. - Okay. It is absolutely imperative that we stay true to our Mexican-American heritage. We are making our Christmas tree a Christmas piñata, and decorating it and using edible wafer paper to cut fringe. My gosh, I'm tired already. We're taking inspiration from ponche. Ponche is basically like a very spiced punch that's usually made around Christmas time. So we're going to make an orange liqueur cake with a walnut-guava paste filling, a hibiscus piloncillo soak, and a cinnamon Swiss meringue buttercream. With toasted walnuts to add a little bit of crunch. Walnuts are toasting. Winning Sugar Rush would mean that I will be able to bring my grandma up to Seattle to see the bakery that was completely inspired by her. I just want her to be able to watch this and be really proud of me. There you go. All right, I'm going to hold off on more wafer paper for now. We got pink, we got orange, we got dark green, we got purple. Adriano? What snack do you have with you today? What? Not what you were expecting, right? Adriano is famous for his pocket celery. Pocket celery. - I'm not sure it's for me. - You could put glitter on it. Looks like these cakes are beautiful. I'm making a white chocolate ganache that I'm going to flavor with a little peppermint oil. Whipped ganaches are just one of my favorite fillings. I add peppermint oil, because we want that really Christmas-y, warm, chocolate peppermint. So you want one of these green and one of them red? No, one red, one white. We wanna make sure when they cut it, it looks like a candy cane. I get it into the mixing bowl to whip up into what should be a nice, light, whippy consistency. Wow. It turns to concrete. Yeah, it's hard as a rock. I think the fat didn't emulsify. - What do we do? - We don't have time to start over. Can we blend it with our old buttercream? Okay, how's that looking? Well, it looks smooth. This is just magic. When this stuff comes together, it is like silk in your mouth. - It's perfect. - It's amazing. Okay. An hour and 30. Okay. Since I don't know much about Christmas, how do you guys celebrate? Our Christmases, they're boozy, they're delicious, we eat a lot of good food. So are you inviting me over next year? Yeah, come up to Seattle, girl! - Okay, let me make the simple syrup. - Okay, go for it. The flavor of our filling come from that Mexican spice punch. All right, I'm dropping a cone of piloncillo for the simple syrup, Mayra. I mixed jamaica, which is dried hibiscus petals, with piloncillo, which is a type of Mexican unrefined sugar, as well as a bunch of spices. All right. I'm going to melt some guava jam. The guava jam is kind of a modern take on classic Mexican flavors. Hot coming through, hot. What we do is unique, and we know that these Mexican flavors have a place in the pastry world. We're gonna use it as a spread inside of the cake. Bakers, trim those trees, you have less than one hour, officially. Plenty of time, so much time. I like the forced confidence. We definitely want to get the peppermint pieces only in the red. It isn't going to be overwhelming. I feel like this winter wonderland is happening, and it is gorgeous. I love it. I'm so happy, because seeing how many little children are affected by celiac disease, I want them to know that if they want a fire truck cake, they're not limited by their food restrictions. She's using a fork, a very low-tech tool, to create a great effect there. Make sure that's on centered. I'm going to make little star toppers to go on top of our tree. I am working on making a lot of Mexican cookies, to make ornaments. I'm even making a little piñata stick. I am just really hoping that these extra additional details can really wow the judges. All right, I'm going to start layering some cakes. Instead of doing a very typical cone-shaped Christmas tree, we want this to be true to a piñata, and those have hard edges, just like the cubes that we make at our bakery. So I want to inject a little bit of our personality and what we do in this cake. - You good? - Forgot the walnuts. I forgot to add walnuts to the layers of this cake. I am having to push through these feelings of being defeated. We don't have much time. But I can't let that stop me. So we go forward with putting one layer of walnuts. I'm really hoping that it's enough. Bakers, you have 30 minutes left. My gosh. - No! - Okay, we can do this. All right, Ro. I'm starting our cake topper. Yeah. I'm looking at Adriano Zumbo's eyes, and he is looking right back at me. I'm kind of feeling... - we should make it look like Zumbo. - Do it. So some people call Adriano Zumbo "the sweet assassin." So we decide to flip the script, and make him the angelic cake topper on our cake... Beaming down on everybody. Just hope it looks good. I don't want him to look at it and get offended. What is that? Do you know what it is, Adriano? It kind of looks like me. What gave it away? - I think the bald head. - Wings? The wings, yeah. Roanna, Lisa, how are y'all doing? - We're rockin' it. - Yeah, you are. I look across to Roanna and Lisa's side, and they have a multi-tiered Christmas tree going up, and we have nothing yet on our cake stand. Kevin and Mayra are building their cake at long last. This stuff's brittle, so when you get to the edge, cut it. The next ten minutes, you'll see this cake just form... like that. That piñata fringe is already transforming this cake. You finish that. I'm gonna start with green. Go for it. These lights look amazing. All right, we ready for some snowfall? That looks so good. That looks so good! So, ponches are out. Perfect. - What color we missing? Orange is next. - Okay. This is not my best work, but gotta time crunch. They're falling everywhere. It's fine. Their tree looks so cool! - Do purple. - Purple. My mom's favorite color. Yo, if we win this, it's going to be a Christmas miracle. I know, right? - Five minutes left, bakers. - Just five more minutes. One, two, three. Adriano, look at Adriano on top! Okay, ready, set. Adriano... - Adriano... Grab him! - I was gonna take a dive! You were about to bite the dust. She got you. We have two more minutes. Quick, cut me five inch things of these in different colors. We could get the stick covered. Turns out, those two and a half minutes that we saved from round two really helped us on round three, because I'm able to cover the piñata stick with the fringe wafer paper. A traditional piñata stick has fringes, so the fact that we had extra two minutes worked out perfectly. What's the tree say? What's it saying to you? The tree is saying that we need something on the bottom. Let's get the crumpled up wrapping paper. We want to put presents under the tree. We make gluten-free cake and milk that Santa enjoyed. Be super careful, Lisa. All right, bakers, you have 20 seconds left! - No, I got one. The perfect one. - Okay.! Just more snowflakes, more what? More lights? Five, four, three, two, - one... - Don't touch your cakes! Wow, very respectful with the "don't touch your cakes." They stopped immediately. Okay! We made it. All right, judges, the only thing left to do is check out these Christmas tree masterpieces. Let's go. Roanna and Lisa. This is incredible. So beautiful. Santa ate the cookie and drank the milk. - He just left crumbs behind. - It was cake. We wanted to give you big, tall, wintry Christmas. We did want to put an angel on there, Mr. Zumbo... - He's holding a macaroon. - Look at that! We just wanted to give you what I would think Christmas is like. Really sweet touch on top, who is obviously an angel in our eyes, too. Really beautiful, classically done tree cake. Very grand, but also a lot of movement and texture. Yeah, I just love the realness of it. This actually looks like a real tree, but also a real tree I want to eat. Thank you, guys. One thing, you covered up those lights. I would've liked to have seen those a little bit clearer. I know. With the cloudy isomalt, - it sort of-- Yeah. - It was challenging. Why don't you cut us four slices, and we'll see you at the judges' table? Thank you, bakers. - Thank you. - Thank you. To Kevin and Mayra's piñata... Piñata! Wonderful. I wanna hug it. The design came after we figured out what we wanted the flavor to be. So it's based off of a spiced Mexican punch called ponche navideño. So we needed to do something beyond just a plain green tree. We wanted color, and a piñata Christmas tree was... was perfect. I think it's really cool that you went in a different direction to something that's very true to who you are. And I think you showed that throughout the entire competition. This cake is so much fun. It is such an explosion of color, and I... I do really have this urge to pick up that baton and just give it a swing. - Just all the smell as well. It smells... - So potent. Kinda smells like a lemon candy. It smells delicious. We're really excited to try your cake. Why don't you cut four slices and we'll see you at the judges' table? - Thanks a lot. - Thank you. Hello, Merry Christmas. Feliz Navidad. Kevin and Mayra, why don't you walk us through the flavors of your cake? So the cake itself is an orange zest and Grand Marnier cake. It has a very light soaking of a very spiced hibiscus piloncillo simple syrup. There's cloves, cinnamon, ginger, with a cinnamon Swiss meringue buttercream and... And some toasted walnuts in there, for crunch. In some layers. Walnuts slipped my mind. So we'll see if your slices have them. I think they may be missing. This was such a nice, light, sort of springy cake. It had just the right blend of spices, and was very true to your vision, but still with notes of Christmas that I am nostalgic for as well. When you said all of those different complicated flavors, I was a little bit scared that it was going to be all over the place, and it really isn't. It was put together so well. Really original. I love the presentation, the colors, the textures. I love that you brought your culture into it, something close to your heart. It was a very subtle cake. It thought it was well structured. Not to rub it in, if you had put the walnuts in that cake, it would've been delicious. Yeah, we know. We know. Other than that, you did an amazing job. Well done. Thank you. We can switch to Roanna and Lisa's cake. We have a dark chocolate fudge cake. The outside frosting is a buttercream, and the inside is a whipped ganache. So in the red tiers, we wanted to add a little crunch. So you should get a couple pieces of that peppermint candy. This was a chocolate fudgy experience, brightened up with those layers of whipped chocolate peppermint ganache. So fresh and really yummy. I think that chocolate cake is just decadent, delicious. Would've loved to have seen just another chocolate layer, just to break that peppermint down a little bit. - But other than that, super work. - Thank you. I honestly rarely eat gluten-free cake. If you hadn't told me, I probably wouldn't be able to tell. So that's amazing. There is a lot of the peppermint flavor, something to break it up would be smart, but it really does feel like Christmas. And I loved it. Now, it's time to determine which of your cakes is going to gift you $10,000. Judges, who had your favorite cake? Kevin and Mayra, it was just this really fun, festive outside with this very sophisticated cake inside. Roanna and Lisa, your Christmas tree was so elegant. The chocolate and peppermint flavors inside your cake spoke of Christmas to me. Ultimately, my vote for favorite cake today goes to... Roanna and Lisa. Roanna and Lisa, that is one vote for you. Meaning if you get one more vote, you will have won $10,000 in the Sugar Rush kitchen. Amirah, who had your favorite cake? Kevin and Mayra, you guys brought me back to my childhood basically all day long, and I love everything you did with decor. And, Roanna and Lisa, literally Christmas on a plate. Almost a different nostalgic place for me. So, yikes, I love them both. No? Can't do that? My vote on the cake today goes to... Kevin and Mayra. - I'm so happy. - Thank you. Kevin and Mayra, that's one vote for you. It is now tied. Chef Adriano. I think, you all did amazingly well today. I've been on a high all day because I've had such amazing things to eat and try. And so much creativity, which has been spectacular. Those walnuts obviously would've added a different dimension of crunch that was missing for me in your cake. For me, the peppermint was a bit overpowering. It needed something else to cut through it. My vote today is going to go with... Kevin and Mayra. My god. It really came down to what I felt was a bit more original. Kevin and Mayra, congratulations, you have just won $10,000! We won Sugar Rush! I could not be more proud. I am just feeling so many emotions, but overall I am just... ecstatic, happy. Maw-maw, we're getting you to Seattle. You're gonna see the bakery that you inspired. - Do we get hugs from you guys? - We're coming down. Lisa, Roanna, thank you so much for your incredible gluten-free cakes. I mean, we're a little disappointed, but I feel so cliché saying that it's okay not to win, and the experience was great. But it's okay that we didn't win, and this experience was really great. To come so close, and to be gluten-free is... it's an incredible experience. Thank you so much for watching this episode of Sugar Rush Christmas. Merry Christmas and happy holidays. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 