Secret Agent: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Secret Agent 
 s1e11 - Don't Nail Him Yet - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Secret Agent (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 11 - Don't Nail Him Yet - full transcript 
 Agent Denis Rawson is a loner but he is selling secrets to foreign agents. He is being followed but with limited results. Drake is brought in to find out how he is selling the secrets and to whom. Drake befriends him by playing a bumbling, lonely and introverted teacher and proceeds to keep a close eye on him. Drake eventually tracks him to an incunabula bookshop owner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Hello? Yes, he's just arrived. Don't argue with me, Drake! I'm telling you, Rawson's our man. You were just as certain about poor Finley. We're talking about Rawson. Even the least intelligent among us can see that he's living a rate three times his income. He's a compulsive drinker. I think we might be able to find other drinkers 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in the navy if we really tried. We've had him under the microscope for a month. And you're nowhere. What if he is living it up? If that's proof of treason, it'll be a poor lookout for all of us. You're wasting time, Drake. -Wasting time, that's great. Jeffrey, bring in the real Rawson file. Look, you juggle a hot potato for four weeks and then drop it in my lap. All right, Drake! We can't have this little menace running around with the Lasar trials coming up in a month. The Americans are on your back too, I suppose. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good morning, sir. Good morning, Mr. Mumford. -Good morning, Drake. Thank you, Jeffrey. Oh, that looks a bit thin. Have you got everything in there, his tastes, his habits, his movements, and so on? I can even tell you the brand of toothpaste he uses. Oh, let's skip his toilet preferences, shall we? Who are his friends, where does he spend his evenings? At home mostly. Playing hi-fi records. But how close have you got to him? Hasn't anyone chummed up with him? He's a bit of a lone wolf. Somebody's really boobed on this one, haven't they? Yes, Drake, that's why you're here. You apply that friendly charm of yours and we'll see where that gets us. Jeffrey can lay on all the help you need. Oh, thank you very much indeed, Jeffrey, but I'll just try and manage this one on my own. Here, what's this? Change from 10 shillings. You what, a pound. Come off it, sonny. It's worth a try. Here, where's your jukebox, mate? We haven't got one. Oh, let's go down to the Cave. I like to dance. I'm most terribly sorry. Take your hands off her, you dirty old man. I'm terribly sorry, really. Whisky, please, a large one. Oh. So sorry. Landlord, another drink for the young lady, please. Watch it Sue. I told you he was a dirty old man. Oh, what's he got here, Jackie Scorpio? Oh, Johann Sebastian Bach preludes and fudges. What's on the flip side? Oh, another fudge, Fantasia and Fudge in G Minor. That'll get in the top 10 all right. May I have my record back please? Let us have a look. I don't wanna lose my temper, you know. No sir, of course you don't. 'ere, Bill, give it back. Oh, sir, I am sorry. Oh, you are a butterfingers, really. Don't worry, Dad, it isn't broken. Hey, Bill, pick it up for the gentleman. Sure, sure. You are awful. Now that's enough from you lot. Look, can we help it we're all so clumsy? I mean to say, accidents will happen, won't they? -All right, let's have you outside. Come along, now, come along. Don't you put your hands on me, governor. Don't you touch me. Come along. And you too. It's ruined, I'm afraid. Yes, yes, that's one I shan't play again. Let me get you a drink. I hate violence, you see. It's the barbarism that upsets me. This is usually such a quiet place. Yes, that's right. I'm sorry about your disc. It's perfectly all right, just forget about it. We'll forget about it, shall we? Scotch? Well, that's most kind of you. Make it a large scotch. No no no, please, not a large one, you shouldn't. It's a pleasure. It's not every day one meets someone of such discernment. Large Scotch, sir. That'll be five shillings. Discernment? Bach and Vivaldi. I see you, you enjoy them too. Music's my great passion. Funnily enough, Vivaldi's my particular favorite. Um, Rawson's my name, by the way, Dennis Rawson. Oh, John Kiernan. It's funny. Funny? That one should meet a fellow addict because some youngsters decide to show off. Oh, yes, a quirk of fate, I believe they call it. Let's drink to that, shall we? Yes, all right. The quirks of fate, and Vivaldi. When life gets impossible, I close the door, switch on the gramophone and bathe myself in music. Immortal sounds. Is life often impossible? I was always wanted to be a pianist, but I never had the flair. I suppose I lacked the application. Oh, I can get as far as mangling a few Chopin preludes, but, uh, oh, do you play? I did try as a boy. But absolutely hopeless. I say, a pianola, that's something I can play. What is it, a shilling? I should have warned you off that. It makes the most unmusical sound. I say, come on, let's go and have a drink somewhere else, shall we? All right? All right. -Good. I live practically next door. Do you mind if I pop in and dump this stuff. That's fine. Good night, Ted, see you tomorrow. Good night, gents. I haven't seen you in the Star before? Do you live around here? Yes, but actually I do most of my drinking at the Black Horse. Excuse me. Look, why don't you just come in and have a drink here? At least it's nearer than the next pub. Yes, thank you very much, very nice of you. Mmmm, such a change, to listen with someone who understands, who doesn't chatter. Yes, I prefer either to talk or to listen. It's desecration to use a masterpiece as background music to conversation. Not that I have a problem there. I have few friends. What do you do for a living, John? I teach. At least I did teach. Don't you anymore? No, not now, but I will again. You see, actually, I'm on extended leave. I had a little trouble, a nervous breakdown. Then you shouldn't be drinking this stuff. No, not really. Neither should I, not as much as I do anyway. There you are, you see. It helps to support the loneliness. I believe we're all lonely, every single one of us. Oh, we, we talk, we make smiles, we pretend to be interested in the other fellow. We have dogs, cats, families to lavish affection on. It's all useless. Dogs and cats die. Children grow up. You always have to turn back on yourself in the end. I'll get some more ice. Thank you. It's a reproduction. One can hardly distinguish it from the real thing. Yes, we live in an age of perfect reproductions. Well it has to be, hasn't it? I mean, where are the creators? I mean, what happened to Picasso after his, after his Classical period? And compare Coventry Cathedral with say, say Salisbury? There you have it in a nutshell. You see, oh, we can split the atom all right, of course, but man's soul went straight through the top of the mushroom. You know, I'm beginning to feel rather drunk. I feel very good myself, actually. I suppose that when one is in congenial company, one relaxes and the drink gets to you sooner. Is this another reproduction? Yes, another reproduction. If all my reproductions were the real thing, I'd be a very rich man. Oh, you're not doing too badly, are you, Dennis? You must have a very good job. What, me? I'm a bureaucrat, a very minor bureaucrat. Very well paid, obviously. My apartment is very comfortable, I agree, but then I like comfort, I'm not one of your stoics. Shall I tell you a little secret? A secret, Dennis. Tell me you've committed a bank robbery. No no no no, nothing quite so spectacular as that, no. But I have some friends in the antique business, and I have an eye for a bargain. That's all. Tell me, what subjects do you teach? Modern languages. Ah. This is very good. Hokusai, the Japanese always did have a supreme command of line. Yes, it's a question of taste, I suppose, really. This really is superb. There's nothing quite so difficult to achieve as simplicity. Do you think we could have a little more music? Why not? What would you like? Do you have Purcell? But of course. By shallow rivers to whose falls melodious birds sing madrigals. Ah yes, madrigals. Something gentle. Something tranquil. Say, I see we've got something else in common. We both support the same football team. That's funny, I never pictured you as a soccer enthusiast. It's just a bit of relaxation. To tell you the truth, I didn't see you as a typical football fan. Oh, well, I never played of course. I'm an observer. You see, soccer crowds give one the illusion of being an ordinary chap. You know, I've always tended to dream too much. I divorce myself from reality, that sort of thing. Well, there's nothing like 50,000 people, all packed into a football stadium, to bring you down to earth. You're part of one big beast. Offside, the beast roars. Penalty, hands, goal! And the beast exults with a pagan thunder of pleasure. And it moans, too, oh, it moans. As if it had been stuck with a butcher's knife. Are you sure we're talking about the same game? And there's another thing about games. I admire the purity. Purity? If I'm a better tennis player than you, I beat you. It doesn't matter if you've been to Eton and Magdalen and I've only been to the local grammar school. I beat you. Ah yes, now I understand. Favor, privilege, money, but nothing really matters except ability. Ability, that's the-- Well, Gorton, you've got me out of bed, where's the fire? Evening, Minister. You better come in the study, I don't want to catch a cold. Dump your clothes there. Allow me. Oh, thanks. Better hang on here, Drake. Well, Minister, it's the Admiralty again. Mono-directional beam. All right, Gorton, skip the technicalities. Just tell me what it means. It means that if this information gets to the other side, our submarine communication system will be obsolete overnight. That's why we've got to nail Rawson at once, immediately. Rawson? Isn't that the chap you've been watching for weeks? The one you were sure was going to lead you to the whole of the network, and now you want to pull him in? Yes, we daren't leave him on the loose now. Your man agree to this? Yes, of course. Where'd he get to? Sir? The fellow who came in with you. I think I have all the facts, Minister. I think I have all the facts, Minister. Come in, will you? Right. Now, are you absolutely certain we should pull Rawson in? Me, no, sir, I'd rather let him run a bit. Drake's not conversant with all the facts, Minister. I suppose you have your own way of working. We must arrest Rawson right away, so may I use your phone? Just a moment, Gorton, just a moment. Let's not forget that I have the last word in this. Now, oh, you haven't introduced us. Drake, John Drake. How do you know this man hasn't passed the stuff on already? I'm positive he hasn't. If he had, he would have destroyed the photographs he made of the documents. He'd have burned them. Who's watching him now? Special Branch have got a 24-hour watch on him. But I must emphasize the risk we are running, sir. Rawson's only got to elude us once. Half a minute would be enough. Yes, but Mr. Drake's not gonna allow that to happen, are you? No, sir. Good. Well, I hope we don't let you down, Minister. Oh, you'd better not. Good night, gentlemen. Good night, sir. Hello, Dennis. Oh, hello. I'm sorry I can't join you, I'm waiting for a friend. That's too bad. Oh by the way, I'm sorry about last night, passing out on your like that. That's all right. I had a bit of a job getting home myself. Did you? You better watch it or you'll miss the kickoff. All right, fine. Here's a bit of luck. I've been searching for you everywhere. My friend didn't turn up. Oh, that's too bad. Got a light, chum? What do you think, Dennis? A draw at best. They'll never score. There's still time. What's he up to? You've got him in a right old state, I'll say that. He can't keep still. There's good reason. What's he been up to anyway? Watching football. The trouble with you people, nobody tells us what we're supposed to be doing. That's life. I once kept tabs on a man for 10 days. I never knew what for. Did you resent it? I wouldn't say resent it, no. I would, if I were you. You took your time calling me. What happened at the match? I'm certain his contact was there. I hope you're as certain he didn't pass the stuff on. Couldn't have done. You lost him twice in the crowd, from what I hear. Now look, you mustn't believe everything that Mumford tells you. I stayed closer to him than a Siamese twin. Well, we did anyway. Never mind that, where do we stand? Well he's got to pass on the stuff sometime. And when he does, Drake. I'll be there. Now then, when are you coming in? I must have-- Rawson's on his way. Over here, sir. You know, I'm beginning to think you're following me. As a matter of fact I am, Dennis. Are you expecting anyone? No, no. Sit down. Actually, I'd like to take this opportunity of repaying your hospitality of the other evening. That's nothing, it was my pleasure. Did you say that you were following me? Yes, yes, I did. Why? Are you ready to order now, gentlemen? Oh yes, what would you like, Dennis? Um, I'll have melon, please. Entrecote, rare, no potatoes. Green salad, mushrooms please. Yes, I'll have melon, and may I have the steak, medium, please? Thanks so much. Why, John? Why was I following you? Yes. Well, it, uh, it sounds most unconvincing really. You see, after I left you, I decided that I didn't want to spend the evening alone, and do you know that phone booth at the bottom of the Mews? I went in there and I called up a friend of mine in Highgate, and I'd hoped that he'd be free this evening. But he wasn't? No. No, he'd set his heart on going to see the new Fellini, but I'd seen it before actually. As I put the phone down, you went past. You got quite a way ahead, and then, I was beginning to catch you up, and I suddenly began to feel, well, a bit stupid. Embarrassed. Perhaps because I said I was going to have an early night. Yes, yes. Well, there you are, I'd changed my mind. Yes, and now I realize that perhaps I've been a bit selfish. You would probably prefer to be alone this evening. Oh splendid, thank you. Ginger, sir? No, no thank you, not for me. I'd like some. Thanks so much, lovely. Thank you, sir. All right, darling, come this way. I have your table ready. You know, you're rather a deceptive sort of chap. In what way deceptive? Well, I thought you were rather round-shouldered when we first met, but, well, looking at you now, you look in fine shape. You see what an afternoon in the fresh air does for you? Yes, it's easy to be fooled by your, your glasses and the way you stand. Well, I really enjoyed that melon. Would you like a cigarette? No, no thank you, not for me. Do you mind if I smoke? No, no, go ahead. I seem to be, seem to be running out of fuel. Here, let me light it for you. There's no sense in flicking that thing, it's bone dry. Thank you, yes, I don't really know why I bother to carry it about. It's always empty. What are you supposed to be? What are the glasses for? I thought they might help to tone down my natural masculine aggression. They're the kind that intellectual school teachers wear? Oh, I see, the introvert, the thinker. Do you think you can get away with that, Drake? This chap here, standing next to Rawson. He stands out in a crowd, doesn't he? That's exactly why he can't be our man. Besides, I can't see him in the restaurant here. It's gotta be one of these anonymous heads. Yes, a nondescript fellow. That's who we're after. This chap here might fit the bill. I've already checked him, he's not at the game. Like sardines. How you can be so sure Rawson hasn't already passed the plans? We're not all as sure of your infallibility as you are, Drake. Wait a minute, look at this. A woman? Yes, a woman, you see she's in this one taken immediately after the game started, but not in this, taken 10 minutes later. She's not in any of these. She saw me with Rawson and got out of the way. Look, it's the same hair, strong jaw line, the nose could be the same. There's a certain similarity. But I don't think you can definitely say it's the same woman in both pictures. If only she wasn't turning her head. Well, there's a strong resemblance, no doubt about it. Yes, yes, I should say it's very possible. Oh, it's possible. Well get out some blow-ups of her in the restaurant, will you? Issue them to all the boys keeping tabs on Rawson. I'm sure we can safely leave that in Jeffery's hands, can't we, Jeffery? Gorton, do you, do you notice something about her? What about her? She's quite attractive. Let me suggest to you, Drake, that for the present you've quite enough to do keeping an eye on Rawson. Yes, of course, I know, we have your reputation to lose, haven't we? Hello, Dennis. I was beginning to think you'd gone into solitary confinement. Well, you're very lucky to have caught me in as a matter of fact. I was just going for my coat. Really? Well I should say, I was fortunate, wasn't I? I'm awfully sorry, John, but I am really a bit pressed. Oh, oh really, that's a pity. It can't be helped, I suppose. Yes, ooh, I was almost forgetting. I brought you a little present, a small return for some very pleasant company. Thank you. I say, Dennis, do you think I could have a quick drink, just a quick one? It's rather nippy out this evening. I suppose just a quick one. I'm sorry to be so inhospitable, but, um. If you're short, it's all right. I don't want to make you late or anything like that. Scotch? Yes, yes, that's fine. You know, I think you're going to like this record It makes a change, something light, very light. It says here that the composer has succeeded, thank you, in expressing the simplicity, gaiety and joy of modern Greece. Do you have time to play just a small part of the second side? John, I literally just have time to down this and fly. Pity, never mind, another time. Cheers. A lady? I don't follow you. Your appointment this evening, must be a lady, mustn't it? Why? You're preoccupied, far away. Wrong on both counts. A, I am not meeting a lady, and B, I am not preoccupied, as you call it, I'm very much here. What are you getting at? I'm not getting anything, Dennis. It's just obvious that you've got something very important on tonight, that's all. What the devil is it so important to you what I'm doing tonight, or any other night? Now, you mustn't read things into what I'm saying, Dennis. After all, it's not that important, is it? Oh, perhaps, I've been a bit nosy. I'm sorry about that, but you are very much on edge, Dennis. Would you like another drink, something to steady your nerves? I don't want anything, thank you very much. I am simply late, very late, for my appointment. Now, if you don't mind. All right. Very well, I will leave. Which way are you going, Dennis? Perhaps we could share a taxi. We damn well won't share a taxi. Don't you understand? Occasionally, I like a little privacy. Occasionally, I like to be alone. All right, I see I've intruded. I'll leave at once, but you really ought to play some of that music, it's very, very cheerful, Dennis. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Five days he's come straight back from the office, locked the door, pulled the blinds, and nobody's been near him, nobody. Just playing that hi-fi, bathing himself in the immortal sounds. Batches and fudges. Immortal sounds and alcohol. I don't think he's ever going to move. Perhaps tomorrow. Talking of moves, I've made mine. Oh, incidentally, I told G that you boys were unhappy about not knowing what's going on. Oh, thanks, how did he take it? Didn't like it, asked me to keep an eye on you. You know, you're not people like us. You're married, aren't you? Yeah. I've often wondered what it was like, a wife, children, roots and all that. It can be all right. Oh, my game. You left yourself wide open. He's away! I was just closing, sir. Is there something I can do for you? Well, yes, as a matter of fact there is. You see, I'm in a bit of a fix, it's my aunt. I've been to two or three shops, but I don't seem able to find it. Well, what was the book, sir? Well, it's one of a set. Pride and Prejudice, leather-bound, green and gold lettering. My aunt leant it to me, and I'm afraid that I lost it. You've come to the wrong place. I'm afraid we specialize in incunabula. Incunabula? Books printed before 1600. Oh really? How very interesting. You mean to say that all these books here are, are over 300 years old? Yes, sir, that's right. But we really are closed, sir. And you have no idea where I might be able to find the Jane Austen? Frankly I think you'll find it a little difficult. We don't like to break up a set for just one book, you know. Of course not. Good night, sir. I'm terribly sorry to have intruded. Most of kind of you, thanks again. Thanks very much. Same again, please. No, I don't want Gorton, you'll do, Jeffery. Has Special Branch been on about Rawson's whereabouts? Special Branch? That's not Drake, is it? Yes, sir. He wants to know where Rawson is. What? Here, give me that. What is all this? Somebody slipped up. You mean you've lost him? I want Rawson pulled in. Get on to Special Branch. Should have done this in the first place. Thank you very much. What are you doing here? I had to see you, there was no other way. You're drunk. I've been drinking, but I'm not drunk. How do you know you haven't been followed? I was, I was, but I managed to give him the slip. Now, can we settle up? Time for that later. Now, or I clear out. Come upstairs, I'll give you the money there. They know about me, you know, they know. I'm finished, I mean no more, no more, it's the end. Keep your voice down. Who was it, not the man I saw you with at the match? Yes, that's the man, the man who was following me now til I lost him, that's the man. That's that damned man. Could be that you're damned too, Rawson. Who are you? Tinker, tailor, soldier, sailor, rich man, poor man, beggar man, thief. Have you got a light? What are you doing here? Ask him, he knows, don't you, Rawson? Do you know this man, Dennis? I'm more of a ghost to him than a man. He's praying that I disappear. He's praying that this is a nightmare and he'll wake up. Come on, Rawson, pull yourself together. Tell her about me. Who are you? Has he done something wrong, are you a policeman? Do you have a warrant to be in my room like this? Yes, he has done something wrong. No, I am not a policeman, I do not have a warrant. I could never be a policeman. I couldn't stand the regulations. I'm like you. I work outside the law. I've no idea what you're talking about. Yes, talk, talk, talk. You do a lot of that, don't you? Talk about music, about sport, about being a teacher. I believed him. Yes, even in the restaurant, I wasn't sure. I wasn't certain what was going on behind those glasses, but you're not wearing your glasses now, are you? You've dropped your masquerade now, haven't you? You'd like to hit me, wouldn't you? Why don't you go ahead? I'm not quite sure what the quarrel is between you two, but I wish you'd clear out of here and carry it on somewhere else. You've been following me right from the start. From the moment those thugs came into the pub. Dennis, for heaven's sake. Haven't you? Go and get yourself a drink. You wanted a light, I believe. You know, we'd be all right if it weren't for the amateurs. They're fine til the pressure's on, then they begin to crumble, thank you. I'm sorry, but you're not making any kind of sense to me at all. Am I not? No, I'm a British subject. Canadian, my passport's in order. I've been carrying on business here for the last five years. And your business is books, old books, incunabula. You're very well informed. I also specialize in fore edge painting. Oh, oh, please, be careful, that's priceless. And this, is this valuable? Very valuable. It's part of a Douai Bible? A Bible, hardly the sort of thing for a good Marxist to be dealing in, is it? Look, I don't know what kind of establishment, if any, you represent, but I do resent this treatment and I don't intend it should go on. Now you better clear out of here, or else I shall be forced to-- Call the police? And this book that Rawson brought you just now, is that valuable? It's worth a few shillings. Rawson brings you a book of poetry. How charming? I see nothing exceptional in a close friend doing that. Close friend, not a lover? You can interpret that any way you choose. That's good, I like that, lover. That's marvelous. How about that, Rawson, are you her lover? You heard her, you can interpret it any way you choose. The Complete Works of Ernest Dawson. The complete works, didn't write very much, did he? Poems aren't vegetables. You don't buy them by the pound. Courage is catching. Or is it the drink? You know, I'm not familiar with the works of Mr. Dawson. That's hardly surprising, is it? Ernest Dawson, born 1867, died 1900. Didn't live very long, did he? Ah, now here's something that's really very appropriate. They are not long, the days of wine and roses. Out of a misty dream our path emerges for a while, then closes. I wonder where the micro dots are. What's wrong with you? Are you mad? You don't know anything about micro dots, do you? I think you're crazy. And you weren't going to post this book out of the country, were you? You talk nonsense. Dennis has been promising to lend this to me for some time. I was simply going to read it and give it back to him. You deny any knowledge of micro dots? I don't know what you're talking about. Then I'll tell you. One of these pages can be photographed by a 35-millimeter camera, and the negative reduced in size through a series of lenses until it is no bigger than a full stop. Shall I go on? I know nothing about photography. Fortunately, Rawson does, he has all the equipment. Do you remember the time that you passed out? I wondered why the door of your bedroom was locked. Fortunately, you carried a key ring in your pocket. This has got nothing to do with me. Don't know anything about Dennis' private life. Hear that, Rawson? It's as you say. We're all alone, we all have to turn back on ourselves in the end, that's what you said, isn't it? She's as plausible as you are, you know. Oh, she can talk too. She made me feel important. She made me feel strong. She pretended to be interested in the same things until she got me to commit myself. Don't get hysterical, Dennis. You'll have 15, maybe 20 years alone, and she, she'll leave you to it. Oh you're so clever, aren't you? Both of you, you're both so damn clever, but you are not quite so clever. Be quiet! This is what he wants. What he wants? You shouldn't have done that, Dian. You really shouldn't have done that. You see this, Mr. Anonymous? This mirror mirror on the wall, that's what you want. Dennis. You press one corner here, and it comes away from the wall. It comes clean away from the wall. It comes away from the wall! I've cut my finger. Yes, it's a radio transmitter. It's a 150-watt output, a high-frequency band. And you won't find the maker's name. I had to make sure. It's quite simple, isn't it? Merely doing your job. You did your best. My turn to lose. Let's get it over with as quickly as possible. Fortune is like the English climate, changeable. Had any luck with Jane Austen? As you can see, none at all. You said you'd be back an hour ago. I know, but I got delayed. Never mind the explanations, check him. It's all over, we'll have to leave the country. What should we do about him? Oh yeah, what are we gonna do about you? I don't suppose you're open to suggestions, are you? We can either kill you or take you with us. My passport's in order. Better get rid of him. No, he comes. He might be useful in case he's got someone watching the house. Get through to the airfield, have the tanks ready for takeoff at eight. Internal flight, Glasgow. Dian, let me stay. We could settle up, and I could take my chance. Please, please listen to me. No, I won't listen to you. You'll answer for your behavior later. No smoking. Come now, a lady driver, I need something to steady my nerves. Come on, put it out. Thank you, ah, good afternoon, Mr. Drake. I just wanted to offer you my personal congratulations, and I'm sure Mr. Gorton would like to join me. Yes, congratulations, Drake. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 