Murder, She Wrote: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder, She Wrote 
 s1e6 - Hit, Run and Homicide - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder, She Wrote (1984–1996): Season 1, Episode 6 - Hit, Run and Homicide - full transcript 
 Jessica isn't looking forward to tell Cabot Cove that her historical research for Founder's Day proves the captain was actually a pirate and fought on the British side, against Washington's troops. Businessman Charles Woodley lands in hospital after the surging of a car without driver which seemed to be pursuing local Ethan Cragg. Local inventor Daniel O'Brien, who devised a remote control system for cars before he was fired, denies having agreed to a meeting with his former employer Woodley, shortly after the car under remote control strikes again, killing Woodley's 50% Boston business partner, Dean Merrill. Daniel's heir, Tony Holiday, is back in town to present his bride, Leslie Andler Sheriff Amos Tupper happily 'allows' Jessica to 'observe for her next book', in fact doing the sleuthing with and without Amos, who arrests Daniel just for being most likely to have controlled the killer car.... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Woman] Tonight on Murder, She Wrote. What's going on around here? I get chased down by a driverless car. - My partner gets killed. - [Screams] You certainly can't let that get around. He's a very kind, very gentle man. - But neither of us want to see him end up in jail. - Maybe I'm a schizoid. A Jekyll and Hyde. - Why don't you ease off on the speed until you get the hang of it? - I got it. Jessica! [Seagull Squawking] [Bell Ringing] Daniel! [Groans] Jessica, what are you doing? You nearly ran into me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Don't you have that a little bit backwards? - I guess I do. Do you always ride with your head down, watching the front wheel? I wasn't watching the front wheel. I was watching this. What in the world is that? A device I rigged up so you can monitor yourself while you ride. The handle of the bike gives me my blood pressure and my pulse rate. It also tells me how fast I'm going. Well, since it now says you're doing 22 miles an hour, I assume it's not working properly. I guess it isn't. Well, now that we've bumped into each other almost, are you coming to the Founders Day picnic? Hasn't Founders Day come and gone? Yeah, last week. But we were rained out. I thought that year went by fast. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, you're always buried in that workshop of yours. Come on to the picnic and relax for the day. I'd like to, but I can't. Besides, I've got a houseguest. All the better. Now you can both hear my speech. Speech? You're not running for office? Hardly. I have to wax eloquent about Cabot Cove founding fathers. I don't know how I'm gonna do it, Daniel. It's going to be so embarrassing to tell the truth. [Chattering] [Man] Come on. Let's go. [Man #2] Let's go. [Man] Get some wood on it. [Cheering] It's a lucky hit. Well, how does this sound? "Captain Joshua Wayne, a free-spirited adventurer... who seized opportunities wherever he could find them." Jessica, he was a pirate. Well, I'm trying to state that as delicately as I can. Oh, you don't have to do that. We've always been very proud of old Captain Wayne and his Yankee gumption. And nobody cares that he fought on the side of the British in the Revolutionary War? He didn't. He most certainly did. Jessica, you certainly can't let that get around. [Yelling] Help me. Stop it. Stop that car. [Gasping] [Yelling] Help! Please, someone help! [Grunts] I'm telling you, Amos. There was nobody behind the wheel of that car. Ethan, how many six-packs did you put away? Are you sayin' I was drunk? In a word, yes. Well, what about everybody else who was out there? Do you think everybody was drunk? Mass hysteria. I know all about it. I'll bet you do. And I suppose Ms. Fletcher also saw this car had no driver. No, Jessie was too far away. But I told her all about it. Yeah, I'll bet you did. If you'll excuse me, Ethan, I'm goin' into that hospital and find out what really happened. I just told... I came up from Boston to visit with an old friend of mine, Daniel O'Brien. Ouch! What the hell are you doin' back there? I'm making adjustments so you'll receive proper traction. Where did you learn your technique? On the rack? Mr. Woodley, your X-rays show that nothing is broken. But as long as you have pain, we'll do everything we can do to make it better. Right. I'll check in on you later. Right. Now, you say you came up to visit Daniel O'Brien, hmm? That's right. He used to work for me. That is, my company. Wompco Electronics. He called to invite me and my partner up to visit with him. My partner's due in tomorrow. And when you got to Daniel's? He wasn't there. By the time I realized it, my cab was gone. Some kid told me that there was a picnic going on, and I had to walk all the way down there. Hmm. Nice little town you got here. We like it. Where the hell is Daniel anyway? Hasn't anybody told him that I'm being held hostage... in the hospital of this quaint little village? Mr. Woodley, one other thing. Uh, what? The car that almost hit you... Did you happen to get a look at the driver? No, no, no, no, no, no. I was too busy running to notice anything, but, uh... But what? Well, you... You... You're gonna think I'm crazy, and maybe I am, but the only time I really got a look at it, I could have... I could have sworn that nobody was driving it. [Doorbell Rings] Yes? You must be Daniel's houseguest. I'm Jessica Fletcher. Oh, yes. You're the author. Daniel told me about you. I'm Katie Simmons. Oh. Yes, Daniel's out at the workshop. Working on a new device. Yes. Don't I know. I used to work with Daniel. Oh, really? Oh, yes. Uh-huh. Is, um, that for me? I'm sorry. Local custom. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I'll put it in the refrigerator. All right. And then we'll go out in back. Good. Tony. Mrs. Fletcher. I didn't know you were in town. We just got in a few days ago. I'm showing this beautiful lady off to my uncle. Leslie Andler. How do you do? How do you do? Leslie, Jessica Fletcher, Cabot Cove's one and only celebrity. Only because the publishers persist in putting authors' faces on the dust jacket. I've read your books. They're great. It's such a pleasure to meet you. Thank you. We're going to get along famously. In that case, uh, why don't we invite her to the wedding? Wedding? Tony, how wonderful. Congratulations! Thanks. Thank you. Tony's been showing me off like a new sedan. Yes. Oops. Tony, the time, honey. Oh! Uh, Mrs. Fletcher, we'd love to stay and chat, but she has appointments in Portland. - She's gonna drop me off on the way. - Well, you're welcome to use my car anytime. Ah. That's okay. Thanks, Katie. Did you ever hear the one about the traveling saleslady? That's me. I'm trying to cram in all my stops so we can sneak off for a honeymoon. You sure you don't want to stay over in Portland? I mean, a hundred miles round-trip's no fun in summer traffic. It's part of the job. - Are you staying here in town? - Yeah, at the old Hansen place. Oh. I hope we'll be seeing more of you later. You bet. Bye-bye. Have a safe trip. Bye. Thanks. Okay. Thank you. Daniel. Oh, hello. Jessica, I think I found the glitch in this thing. Oh, good. I'd feel a lot happier, though, if you'd look up every now and again when you're riding. Well, what'd you think of her? Oh, Leslie. Yeah. Oh, she's absolutely charming. She sure is. My nephew met her a month ago. A whirlwind courtship. He'd better nail her down fast. Well, that sure is interesting advice. Especially coming from the country's original confirmed bachelor. Me? I was never confirmed. I just never found the time. You just never found anyone who would put up with a musty old scientist. Did Katie tell you, Jess? She came here to shanghai me to Memphis, Tennessee. - Wants to put me back behind a desk. - It's a great opportunity. I've had enough of those. Nothing's gonna drive me out of this town. OH? Jessica, maybe you better tell him. - Tell me what? - Daniel, something strange happened today at the picnic. A friend of yours was hurt. - Friend? What friend? - Charles Woodley. Woodley? What's he doing in Cabot Cove? Well, he told Sheriff Tupper that you had invited him and his partner to come up and visit. Jessica, the only thing I'd invite Woodley and Merrill to would be to a hanging party. And only then if I had charge of the ropes. Excuse me. I need some fresh air. Well, what was all that about? [Man] E... Excuse me. Pardon me. Oh, good afternoon. Yes. Could you tell me where I might find a taxi? Oh, there are no taxis here. They're down at the station. People usually come into town by train. Well, my partner told me it'd be much quicker if I came by a chartered boat. Is that so? Well, you might try old Pete. He'll take you anyplace you want to go for five bucks. Well, where do I find old Pete? - At the train station. - Naturally. Well, how far is that? Oh, it's about two miles. That way. Where you goin'? The hospital. Oh. That's only a mile. That way. Thank you very much. [Engine Starts] [Screams] [Ethan] Jessica. It's open, Ethan. Jess, I'm sorry. I heard you working, but I thought you'd want to know about it. That fella from Boston... he's dead. Woodley? No. His partner, Dean Merrill. They found his body by the side of the road. He'd been hit by a car. The same car from the picnic. Nobody knows 'cause nobody saw it, but a little while ago... Ernie Tatum's kids saw that same station wagon headin' north on... Thank you... on the county road. Were they sure? Kids have a way of remembering when they see a car guzzlin' along with no driver at the wheel. Jess, I'm worried about Amos. I think he's in over his head. And you think he'd like some help. Well, he sure is clearing his throat a lot. Clearing his throat? Come on, woman. You play checkers with him. Every time he doesn't know what to do he starts to clear his throat. I've never told him about that little habit, 'cause I play poker with him too. Well, I'll do what I can, Ethan, providing he wants me to help. [Clears Throat] Amos. Oh, good afternoon, Ms. Fletcher. Listen, I just heard about Mr. Merrill's accident. What a terrible thing. Yes, ma'am. I mean, any ideas about who might be responsible? [Clearing Throat] Well, no, not yet, but we are workin' on it. Oh. I suppose you're gonna ask Mr. Woodley about his prior relationship with Daniel. Oh, I already talked to him once. Yeah. And also why he thinks that Daniel has said that he didn't invite him to Cabot Cove. He didn't? No. Well, I... I suppose it wouldn't hurt to reconfirm some of the details. I hear he's into electronics. Mr. Woodley, I mean. That's right. He's got his own company. Really? Well, I suppose he'd be a perfect person... to give you some expert insight. Into what? Uh, well, uh, being as how he's in electronics, he probably knows a good deal about, um, remote control, which I'm sure you figured out is... the only way that a driverless car could be operated. Oh! Yes, yes, yes. That was the other thing I was gonna bring up. Uh, look, Ms. Fletcher, if... If you're not too busy, I... I'd take no offense if you'd care to join me. What a fine idea. Might be helpful in your next book. Indeed it might. Thank you, Amos. You've been loosening your tension again. I have not. Now, behave yourself, Mr. Woodley. This is good for you. Ohh. That nurse and doctor, they really enjoy their work. Yeah. Uh, you were saying, Mr. Woodley, about remote control cars. The technology's been around for many years. Matter of fact, Daniel designed one for me when he worked for my company. Wait a minute. Are you suggesting that he... No, Daniel's always been eccentric, but... But I can't believe he's gone totally insane. And speaking of Daniel, where the hell is he? I'm afraid he's not coming. He says he never invited you here... In fact, that he never even called you. Now that is crazy. Sheriff, what's going on around here? I get chased down by a driverless car. My partner gets killed. You are quite certain that it was a driverless car? Are you accusing me of something? Oh, no. I wouldn't dream of doing that. Now, look, I guess we agree that the car is the key to this whole thing, and I'm gonna turn this county upside down till I find it. Come on, Ms. Fletcher. [Woman On P.A.] Nurse Goldstein to Station 12. Oh, no. Here comes Little Mary Sunshine. Ouch! Whoops. [Chuckles] [Chuckles] Remote-controlled cars? Nothing new about that. I designed one a dozen years ago. I got the plans in my workshop someplace. Yes, but what would a car like that be used for? Automotive testing, military maneuvers, motion picture stunts. And it would be a great boon for people like you, Jess... people who don't drive. You could get in your car, program your destination, and the computer would take you there. Sounds wonderful. If a little far-fetched. No, no. I remember those designs. It was a wonderful concept. No more highway accidents. This car had a built-in self-protection system against collisions. How come it never happened? [Daniel] Cost. That's what they always talk about. As if human lives weren't worth a damn. Ms. Fletcher, uh, anything new on the investigation? Oh, Sheriff Tupper's exploring several possibilities. Got out his old Ouija board again, huh? Now, Daniel, Mr. Woodley is still insisting that you called him and invited him up here. [Sighs] Jess, if I had, don't you think I would've remembered it? The man's a liar. That's all. Come on. Let's eat. All this talk about Woodley is givin' me indigestion. Uh, Letitia? I know it's confidential information, but you're going to have to trust me. I need to know those phone numbers. Ah, you're a dear. No, I'll hold. Jessica, what is it? On the phone you sounded upset. I may be. It depends. Where's Daniel? Well, he... he's out in back with Tony. Why? In the past week, two phone calls were made to Boston on Daniel's phone. What? Wh-Where did... How did you know? Well, just a minute. Now, the first one was 555-6641. Well, that's Tony's number at the bank. And the other one was 555-9044. Oh. Oh. That's Charles Woodley's private office line. Are you sure? Of course I'm sure. I used to work for the man, remember? I just can't believe it. Katie, we don't know that Daniel made the calls. We only know that the calls were made on his phone. Can we be frank? Well, yes, of course. Why was Daniel fired by Mr. Woodley? Well, they said that he was wasting the company's money... That his notions were impractical. They didn't want to deal with the future. And Daniel's mind is all in the future. Except they seem to want to hire him again. Oh, there's not a chance he'd ever go back to Woodley. You know, after they fired him, they tried to keep his plans and designs. Daniel went crazy. No, I... I don't mean crazy. But he did. He got very, very angry. He hired a lawyer, and it dragged on for months. He won, but it cost most of his savings. So he had very good reason to hate Mr. Woodley... and his partner. Oh, no. Daniel couldn't hurt anybody. Jessica, you don't know him like I do. He's... He's a very kind, very gentle man. He's... [Daniel] Jessica, hello! You're just in time to see me test my latest invention. Uh, Tony, go on over there. One there and one by the birdbath, okay? Right. Well, what on earth is that? Salvation for my roses. If it works, you get one for Christmas. Uh, you see those rods? Each one is a miniature ultrahigh-efficiency amplifier, controlled by this transmitter. The ultrasonic sound should frighten the aphids into somebody else's yard. All set, Uncle Dan. Here we go! Are we supposed to hear something? That's the beauty of it. To the human ear it's absolutely silent. [Dogs Barking] [Jessica Laughs] Oh, Daniel, I love your invention, but, uh, I think there's a little room for improvement. Yes, I guess it does need some work. [Jessica Laughing] [Jessica] Are you sure you had enough to eat? Yes, thank you. I had a huge lunch in Portland. And you, Ethan... You've had two helpings only today. I am too worn out to eat. Oh. I never spent a more worthless afternoon in my life. Amos had us chasin' all over creation. I've got so many bug bites, I don't know where to start scratchin'. Bugs didn't have any trouble finding us, but we didn't spot that car. Where did you concentrate your search? Concentrate? Oh, that's a good one. Amos was having fits of divine inspiration. We searched the woods behind Miller's place twice. Yeah. Then about 5:30, after six hours of searching everywhere except the barbershop, Amos finally tells us where he really thinks the car is. You're gonna love this. All right. Now the day of the picnic, after the car chased Woodley across the ballpark, the state police checked the highways with a helicopter. All right. They spotted a large moving van... heading north on Highway 27, toward Augusta... Coffee, darling. Thanks, hon. And Amos... Bless his pointy little head... Is convinced that the car was hidden in that van. That doesn't make any sense because the next day that very same car ran down Mr. Merrill. Maybe. Now, remember, Jessie, there were no witnesses except the Tatum kids, and they could've made a mistake. I'm sorry, but I don't think the car ever reached the highway. Did you look around that stretch of woods just east of the old Gentry farm? Come on, Jessie. That place is so overgrown you couldn't hide a tricycle in there, let alone a car. No. If you jogged every morning like I do, you'd learn something. There are at least a dozen ways in and out, if you know where to look. Sheriff Tupper sure didn't. I'll call him first thing tomorrow morning. The answer is no. That's "no" with a capital N-O. Heard you perfectly well the first time, Amos. Now, look here, Ms. Fletcher, I am sorry, but I am in no position to waste any more taxpayers' money... lookin' for some... Some phantom car... that could be halfway to Newfoundland by now. You and I know that that car was not swallowed up in any moving van. I don't know any such thing. That car ran down Dean Merrill the day after you claimed it was carted off. We don't know that either. Sheriff, think. Two partners arrive from Boston... to a tiny town they've never seen before. One of them is almost run down by a car. The next day the other is run down. Now, don't you think that's more than just coincidence? All I know is that my budget is in desperate trouble, and I don't plan to get myself in the same condition. Then you don't mind if I look around on my own? You go right ahead, Ms. Fletcher. And when you come back after finding nothin', you make sure you come straight here and tell me what it is you didn't find. I'll do that. [Engine Starts] Wasn't that Jessica Fletcher drivin'? A-yah. [Horn Honks] [Tires Squeal] [Horn Honks] Jessica! [Horn Honking] Jessica! [Seagulls Squawking] [Grunts] [Engine Revving] [Sighs] Oh, Jessie. Are you all right? And you wonder why I don't drive a car. [Sighs] Thank you, Ethan. You sure you don't want some hot tea or bouillon, hot chocolate... somethin'? No, it's just great. I'm afraid, Ms. Fletcher, that, uh, remote control device sounds an awful lot like the one Woodley says Daniel O'Brien invented. Don't jump to conclusions, Amos. I'm sure all these devices operate on the same principle. Maybe so. But there's more. We found these in the back of the station wagon. It's a bunch of letters and designs and sketches. And they all have Daniel O'Brien's name on them. I'm afraid, ma'am, I'm gonna have to bring him in for questioning. Daniel, I just want you to know that I don't believe a word of this. That's all right, Jessica. Sheriff Tupper's just doing his job. Those designs have to be in here somewhere. Ah. No. Tony, when you and Leslie left my house last night, did you go straight to your place? No, no. As a matter of fact, we stopped by and saw Uncle Daniel and Katie. Why? Well, did you or Leslie happen to mention my notion... that the driverless car might have been hidden at the old Gentry farm? Yeah, we discussed it. Uh, didn't think it was any secret. Hmm. Ah, here we are. Daniel, I'm sorry, but you're going to have to come with me. [Katie] What? Why? I'm afraid, ma'am, that device in the wagon looks exactly like these photographs. [Tony] Sheriff, that doesn't mean a thing. [Tupper] Maybe. Maybe not. We'll see. Tony, what's going on? The sheriff's taking my uncle in for some questioning. Why? Ah... Look, I'll explain later. Tony. I love your uncle. You know that. It's just that... we've both noticed he's been behaving rather strangely. Well, he's always been like that. I still think you should arrange to have someone examine him. A psychiatrist? No, that's not necessary. Tony, I know you love him very much. Sometimes these things just happen. I don't really want to talk about it right now. How was your trip to Portland? Marvelous. Mmm? I wrote three orders... and got propositioned by a gorgeous hunk who runs a zipper factory. Wow! [Chuckles] That's the one order I didn't get. You weren't too disappointed? No. But he was. It seems incredible that a company should get rid of a man like Daniel with such vision and intelligence. Well, it was because they said he was wasting money. Frankly, I think Woodley was just trying to save his salary. In my opinion, they were just up against it. And it was a partnership? Fifty-fifty. Merrill provided the money, Woodley ran the show. And now that Merrill is dead, what happens? Woodley gets it all. Oh. If there is anything. I see. The rumor is the company is in financial trouble, despite the big contract they just landed. Strange the partners should show up here in Cabot Cove when they're in financial difficulty. You suppose there's a connection? I wonder. [Daniel] I'll admit it, Jessica. I am scared. I never spent the night in a jail before. I don't recommend it. I wish you wouldn't worry. The sheriff doesn't have a case. I keep wondering somehow if I could have done it and not remember. Maybe I'm a schizoid. A Jekyll and Hyde. I doubt that. Katie told you about my stay in a sanitarium. For heaven's sakes, Daniel, that was years ago. A man who'd rather frighten aphids than kill them? You couldn't hurt anyone. The lawyer Tony got wants me to undergo a psychiatric examination. I think he's laying the groundwork for a plea of temporary insanity. That is ridiculous. It sounds as if he's already given up. No, no. Tony says he's very good. Is he good enough to get you bailed out of here? Oh, he and Katie promise I'll be home for supper. There's someone who believes in you. She always has. Ms. Fletcher. Oh. [Chuckles] Hello, Tony. You got a problem with the bike? Flat tire. Here. Let me give you a lift. Thanks. Whoo. Let me get my purse. Thanks. Mrs. Fletcher, how's my uncle holding up? I know you just saw him at the jail. He's frightened. And understandably so. You know, Tony, he's not crazy. I hope you're right. The examination's just a precaution. That's all. It's just in case. In case of what? That he's indicted for murder? Yes. Oh, but that's ridiculous. Mrs. Fletcher, please. It... It's... It's easy for you to dismiss the situation, but I'm the one with the responsibility. I'm his only living relative. I'm gonna look out for him. Look, uh, we... we gotta get some gas. This gauge has been acting up. I don't know how much we have. Leslie's been going back and forth to Portland. It'll just take a minute. Okay. [Bell Rings] Well, good afternoon. Fill her up for ya? Yeah, please, would ya? And, uh, check the oil too. Tony, what happens to your uncle's estate if he should die? I guess it goes to me... uh, what there is of it. Wh-Which probably isn't very much. All those patents and designs? Surely it must be worth a great deal. Most likely. But he's already told me he's got 'em earmarked for the University of Maine, which is his alma mater. I guess he figures they'll take good care of 'em. Well, your oil's just fine. The gas comes to, uh, $7.08. Okay. What's the matter? Oh, I got something in my eye. Do you have a tissue in here? Yeah. Help yourself. Thanks. [Man] 7.08 out of 10. You have yourself a good day now. [Tony] All right. Thanks. All better? Oh, much better. [Chuckles] Mrs. Fletcher, uh... Jessica. Uh, I know you hate the idea that Uncle Daniel might be... unbalanced, but, uh, what I do know is that neither of us want to see him end up in jail. No, we don't. Whatever happened to the notion "innocent until proven guilty"? He's on time. What a shame. Chin up, Katie. It's not as if I'm being committed. Not yet. [Car Door Opens, Closes] Anything else? Uh, I think that should do it. Sure is a shame about Daniel. Hard to believe. Though his bein' a stranger and all, you never can tell. A stranger? Cora, he's lived in Cabot Cove for six years. Wasn't born here. [Ethan] Come on. Get out of the way, you road hog. Put in one of them arcade games. Kids around here won't leave it alone. [Ethan Yells] Too noisy for my taste, but every little bit helps. [Yelling Continues] [Ethan] Move over, will ya? Move over! Ethan. Oh, uh, hi, Jessica. I was just tryin' out the new game. Yeah, looks like fun. It's a real test of eye-to-hand coordination. Ethan, you remember that red and gray van... that you saw on the road when you were chasing me? Huh? The red and gray van. You remember the make and model? Uh, yeah. Sure. You know that same van was also at the picnic? I-Is that so? I think it's possible... no, probable... That that driverless car was operated from that van. - Yeah, well, whatever you say. - Ethan. Jessie, look what you made me go and do. You shouldn't be wasting your time playing a child's game anyway. It isn't a child's game. It's a test of skill. Oh. Oh, well, if you think it's so dad-burned easy, why don't you try it? Oh, don't be silly. I knew you'd say that. I don't care how smart you are. You are no match for this thing. I'm not, huh? No. Lend me a quarter. With pleasure. [Coin Rattles] Try to keep it out of the ditches. [Tires Squealing] Look out for the rocks. I see it. There's another car. Hush up, Ethan. Maybe you ought to try it a little slower. Jessie... A little slower. You're runnin' over everything except the road. Why don't you ease off on the speed until you get the hang of it? I got it. What do you mean you got it? You just wiped out two deer and a motorcycle. Jessica, where are you going? You still got 40 seconds left. [Woman On Police Radio, Indistinct] Sheriff, what's going on here? I'm about to reconstruct what happened the day of the picnic, and Mr. Woodley has agreed to... - Mr. Woodley? The man in the hospital? - Oh, he's out now. That's him over there with the cane. He's agreed to help out. [Tony] Help out how? What am I doing here? Well, we're gonna try and jog everybody's recollection as to what happened. And, uh, you bein' Mr. O'Brien's nephew and all, Ms. Fletcher thought it might be best if you were here. If you, uh, ask me, this whole thing is kind of screwy. But, uh, I don't argue with her when she gets set on somethin'. Excuse me. Mr. Woodley. Ms. Fletcher, you really think this is gonna prove anything? Well, I'm not sure. The sheriff thinks that he's got it all worked out, and he wants to nail it down. - [Tony] Nail down my uncle, you mean. - Well, I'm afraid so. The sheriff feels... [Horn Honks] Sheriff, behind you! Look out! Stop! Stop it! Stop the car! Please! - Please. Someone help! - God, it's gonna hit him. Turn it off! Turn it off! Stop it! Stop it! Leslie! All right, Ethan! Oh! Oh, for God's sake! Leslie! [Sighs] Tell me, Leslie, whatever made you rush to this particular vehicle? Well, I thought I could drive it onto the field and block that station wagon before it hit anyone. Well, why didn't you use your own car? Because this one seemed bigger. Well, it certainly is. But I'm sure it doesn't get the gas mileage that your car does. Gas mileage? Yes. The mileage you got on those trips to Portland. $7.08. Or did you go to Portland? Well, of course I did. Whom did you see? Customers. And I'm sure you'll give Sheriff Tupper their names when he asks for them. What is this? It doesn't wash, Leslie. Yesterday I wondered why Tony had to buy so little gas, so I peeked at the car rental agreement. I saw the mileage when you rented the car, and I saw the current mileage. And a little simple subtraction... told me that no way could you have made those trips. Well, I changed my mind. I never went. That's not what you told me. Leslie, what's goin' on here? Well, it was his idea. He thought the whole thing up. He forced me into it. Leslie, keep your big mouth shut! They don't have anything. If you think I'm taking the blame for this, Charles, you're crazy! If I go, you go too! [Laughter] I tell you, Jessica. When you asked me to help out with that remote control gadget, I thought you were crazy. [Chuckles] You know, it was that arcade game that triggered the answer. Arcade game? I kept crashing into things, even when I slowed down. Then the day at the picnic flashed across my mind. It was the speed of the driverless car that bothered me. I mean, Mr. Woodley managed to stay ahead of it all the way... from the outfield to home plate. Now, I was in that car, and it was fast. I mean, if someone had really been intent on running Mr. Woodley down, he wouldn't have reached second base. And it was Leslie in the van, controlling the car. While Woodley was conveniently laid up in a bed, she did the dirty work. - Well, why did they do it? - Well, simple greed. Mr. Woodley, being the surviving partner, would wind up with the entire company. With Daniel judged insane for killing Merrill, Tony would control the estate, and Leslie would control Tony. Mr. Woodley would have Daniel's security screen all to himself. Security screens? I came up with that 10 years ago. It's not worth a damn. Well, not then it wasn't, but according to Woodley's confession, it was the key to a multimillion-dollar contract they'd just landed. The simple way, of course, would have been to kill you. But then the university would have inherited your designs. Then it was Leslie who made the phone call on Daniel's phone. Yeah, what a hell of a marriage that would've been. Speaking of which, may I offer a toast to the two ladies in my life? To the one who just saved my life... and to the other who's been saving it for years, only I was too preoccupied to notice. Well, if you will all excuse me, I gotta go. Go? Go where? [Whispers] Mclntyre's. Wait, Ethan. Hold up. [Sighs] I've made up my mind. I'm not goin' to Memphis with you. Oh. But I'll move heaven and earth to get you to stay on here with me. I'm sorry to eat and run, Jess, but they're having a tournament on that arcade game, and since I am the current record holder, I feel obliged to defend my title. Well, dishes can wait. Would you mind if I competed? You? It really would be kind of a waste of a good quarter. Well, maybe. But I better warn you. I've been practicing a little. Practicing? How much practicing? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 