Murder, She Wrote: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder, She Wrote 
 s1e4 - It's a Dog's Life - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder, She Wrote (1984–1996): Season 1, Episode 4 - It's a Dog's Life - full transcript 
 While Jessica attends a hunting party, someone tampers in the stables with the normally quiet horse of the rich host, Denton Langley, which suddenly goes wild and causes him to have a fatal fall, yet the drug test Jessica suggests is negative. The will on videotape gives his shocked relatives and estate staff peanuts, $15,000,000 goes to Denton's pet hound Teddy, who is shortly after found drugged after biting old local Isaiah Potts. Family lawyer Marcus Boswell, who is constantly called by his broker, is challenged by the human heirs' lawyer on account of the dog's mental competence. Then Trish Langley is found killed by the security gate, the button which operates it from security guard Barnes's closed room has Teddy's paw print on it, he must have been trained to do do. Jessica works out precisely what ties in, how, and what doesn't.. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hah! [Neighing] You cannot possibly believe that a dog is capable of murder! Selfish relatives. All they ever wanted from him was his money. - This is insane. Teddy's a dog! - [Growling] Teddy's gone completely mad. He went for my horse and then me. - Oh, my God. There goes the will! - Over my dead body it does! I have little use for theories, private or otherwise. My first real ghost and no one will believe me. Which means that the killer had to be someone in this house. That's the kind of thing I have in mind. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Songbird Singing] [Birds Chirping] [Nickering] [Footsteps Approaching] [Snorts] ♪ [Chamber] [Chattering] [Laughing] Well, how about a toast for later? Anthony, we're awfully sorry your wife couldn't make it. Aren't we, Trish? Pay no attention to my brother. Now that Spence is unemployed, he can't bear to see anyone having a good time. Matter of fact... [No Audible Dialogue] [Laughing] Oh, Trish. Don't be flattered. She says that to all the boys. Oh, Spence, stuff it! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are we having a good fight? Echo, why don't you go play with your electronic toys like a good little girl? My little niece here is into electronic music... tweeters, woofers, heavy metal. It still sounds like cats in heat. - And so do you, Aunt Trish. - [Spencer] Ladies, please. Please, let's pretend to be civilized, if not for my sake, at least for Father's. Come along, Anthony. [Chuckling] Whatever will she do if the world runs out of married men? Well, laugh all you like, but your aunt desperately needs treatment. Who needs treatment, dear brother? My astral projectionist puts all these phony psychiatrists to shame. Morgana, try to pretend like you're on the same planet. At least today. Now, there's a painter who knew his horseflesh. Look at those withers. Not that I spend a lot of time eyeing horses. [Chuckles] Careful, Denton. They warned me about you. Good, good. My reputation's well-earned. To life, love... and a nice set of withers. Let's freshen up that drink. [Chuckling] You know, I never realized a hunt breakfast... required so much, uh, liquid refreshment. Only way to get those milksops over the first fence. Tom? Eh, good morning. Tom, meet Jessica Fletcher. She's here for a visit. Sharing the cottage with her cousin. Jessica, my old drinking buddy, Tom Cassidy. Well... How do you do? Abby's told me a lot about you, Mrs. Fletcher. Great honor to meet a world-famous writer. Oh, but an infamous rider, I'm afraid. Oh, please call me Jessica. Don't go sweet on him, Jess. I'm the one with the bucks. All poor Tom's got is that miserable 600 acres next door. Aw, poor me. Can I get you a refill? Oh, uh, another one of these. Thank you. Coffee. Morning, Abby. Hello. Just trying to soften up your cousin with a few drinks. But gettin' nowhere. Now, Denton, don't be an old lech. Oh, isn't she wonderful? She expects an old fellow like me to start an orgy right away! You're always making fun of me. How am I supposed to get any work done? You've trained every other animal on this place. I guess all we've got left is Denton. She'll have my Guernseys jumping through hoops before that happens. [Chuckles] Well, how about a toast? A toast! What a marvelous idea. To Father, on his 80th birthday. - And many more, Daddy. - Where's that damn dog of mine? - Teddy! - [Barking] [Chuckling] Oh. Come on, Teddy. [Chuckles] - Teddy. Teddy. - Ladies and gentlemen, to horse. [Horse Neighing] Good morning, Spence. Trish, you shouldn't be riding in your condition. It's dangerous to the horse. Go away. Why don't you go kiss up to Father while you've got the chance? The day he goes, honey, so do you. What was that all about? Around here, some of the real beasts walk on two legs. [Denton] Jessica, Abby, over here. Ladies, I've picked out your horses for you. Oh, well, this old gray looks just about my speed. Sawdust? He's too ancient for anyone but me. [Intercom Buzzing] Hasn't broken out of a trot in years. Barnes, we're ready to go. Open the gates! Very good, sir. [Dogs Barking] [Barking Continues] Why don't you go ahead? It can't be much fun poking along with an old fellow like me. I wish you'd stop calling yourself old. Ahh, if I were 30 years younger. [Chuckling] [Trish] Hee-yah! Hee-yah! Sawdust! S-Sawdust! [Neighing] Whoa! Easy, boy! [Abby] Denton! Whoa! Damn it! [Abby] Denton! Help him! Rein him in! Hah! [Barking] Whoa! Damn it! Tallyho! [Denton Grunts] [Abby] Denton! Denton! [Teddy Whimpering] [Gasps] [Whimpering Continues] [Police Radio Chatter] Anything I can do for you, Mrs. Fletcher? That's very kind, but I'll look after my cousin. [Sniffs] Oh, Tom. Let's go sit down, huh? [Radio Chatter Continues] Terrible accident, Tom. Just terrible. But the old boy had a full life. I don't think he wanted to take that jump. I know he didn't. He was under doctor's orders to take it easy. Well, Denton was always a wild one. I guess he just got carried away with the excitement, Ms... Fletcher. He was carried away, all right, by a runaway horse. - Are you the vet? - Yes, ma'am. [Tom] Found the horse yet? He's halfway to the next county by now, but he'll come home when he calms down a bit. Look, I don't want to be a pest about this, but... isn't there a test that could be made on the horse? Test? Jessica and Abby... saw that horse take off like Seabiscuit comin' down the homestretch. That doesn't sound like Sawdust. A calm, old horse like that doesn't suddenly go wild. Just what are you suggesting, foul play? [Jessica] I was so certain there was something wrong with that horse. I feel so foolish. But tests don't lie. Don't they? It was hours before they found him. And there are drugs that leave no trace. Abby. It's wrong, Jess! His death is wrong. He was such a wonderful person. But he was so unhappy underneath it all. Because of them, those selfish relatives. All they ever wanted from him was his money. And now they'll get it. I wouldn't put it past any of them. Abby, I know how you felt about him. What do you mean? Abby. I... admired him very much. Would you like me to stay here with you a little longer? Would you, Jess? Oh, just till after the will is read. I'd just feel so much better if you were here. Oh, of course. You could add some orange juice to that and call it breakfast. Where is Boswell? He should have been here three minutes ago. You're not nervous, are you, little sister? You're breaking out. I... I keep thinkin'... What? Father's gonna pull a fast one? Don't be ridiculous. Have you noticed who's not here, Spence? "Miss Stable Nanny." Abby? No. [Chuckles] No, he wouldn't... [Morgana] Spencer! What now, Morgana? Spence, the tea leaves! Look. Yes? But don't you see? See what? Oh, for God's sakes. [Doorbell Chiming] Spencer. Please accept my heartfelt sympathy. Greenville won't be the same without Denton Langley. Thank you, Marcus. We're all devastated by the loss. Oh, hello there, Echo. I... I'm sorry that we have to meet again under such sad circumstances. Funny. That's what the undertaker said. Yes. Well, as Denton's attorney, I'd best get down to business. What's that, a movie? No, Trish. This is, uh, the latest in will technology. [Denton On TV] Greetings, friends... and kinfolk. I went to a lot of trouble putting this little show together, so I hope you all enjoy it. By the way, this is all legal as hell, so don't get any funny ideas. Since I know you’re all there, waiting breathlessly, I think I'll prolong the suspense... with a parting word to each of you. Spencer, it's too bad they keep blowing up your clients. But I never thought lobbying for dictators a decent job for you. But then, what is? As for you, baby Trish, you were always your mother's spoiled child. I'm glad she can't see you now, guzzling martinis the way you used to suck up root beer, collecting men instead of dolls. Find a nicer hobby, honey. This one's not only unseemly, it's dangerous. Morgana, you're not a bad woman. You've just got no common sense. Come in out of your fantasy world and face your problems, such as that mixed-up daughter of yours. Hello, Echo. Is there something stirring underneath that unique haircut of yours? You'll never know, old man. Well, so much for fond farewells. Now to business. Boswell's got the usual "sound mind” claptrap written down someplace. So, here's what you all came for. I know my old friend Tom is here. Tom, boy, I'm going to miss you. Remember that old shotgun you always liked? Well, it's yours. There's a cash gift for each of the staff. Barnes gets something extra for guarding all the paintings. By the way, those now go to the National Gallery. That's right, children. A fast three million in oils now on their way to Washington. The rest of my estate, built with my brains and my sweat, comes to about 15 million. It takes a sound mind and good judgment to handle that much money. Maybe even a good nature. So that lets out all of you. Therefore, except for a modest family trust, the whole shebang... goes to my faithful friend and companion, Teddy. [Teddy Barks] Of all the dirty tricks! Damn it, Boswell! I may faint. This is insane! Teddy's a dog! Boswell, we're gonna break that will. Oh, no! No, no. I'm afraid you won't break the will. You see, I helped him write it. There's a clause here that if you challenge it, it cuts you out completely. - [Teddy Whimpers] - [Boswell] Oh, don't even consider that. If Teddy dies of anything but natural causes, every dime goes to the S.P.C.A. [Barks] Hello? Ethan? Ethan, it looks like I may not be home for a few more days. Well, Abby is very upset. Well, she's convinced that someone murdered Denton. Well, I'm afraid she just might be right. No, no. Your reins are far too tight. A pat on the head is more effective than a kick in the teeth. - Don't give me any ideas. - Young lady, it's high time you learned some manners. It's high time you learned your place! If you think you're going to chase me away, Trish, you're wrong. That's enough, Abby! You're here to train the horse, not the rider! Spencer, I want her off the property... immediately. You're not my employer... Either of you. Teddy is! Only Marcus Boswell can fire me. And I have no intention of leaving till I find out what really happened here! You've been making some very serious accusations, Miss Freestone. If I were you, I'd be careful. Very careful! You really should be careful, Abby. I'm not afraid of Spencer. I was thinking more of Trish. Her Gemini is in the ascendant. Your Capricorn is at a very low ebb. And last night, three owls were seen in a black oak tree. Am I supposed to be frightened by that? - The signs are there for the reading. - [Horse Neighing] [Neighing] [Teddy Barking] [Barking Continues] What are you doing to that dog? Teddy, sit! Sit! Good boy! Sit! That damned dog has got to be put down! Spencer, what happened? Teddy's gone completely mad! - He went for my horse and then me. - Which showed perfectly good sense. Giving this stuff to a dog is like feeding locoweed to a horse. Uh, excuse me, but whatever that is, would it have the same effect on a horse? You mean Sawdust? No, I found no trace in the horse. - So, who'd he bite? - No one. Spencer and his horse weren't even touched. I'm sorry, Miss Abby, but he bit something. There's blood all over his collar. [Whimpering] - That's the dog, Sheriff! - Are you sure? I swear to it! He got me down, tore my arm! - He oughta be put away! - I agree! - You would. - [Whimpers] Abby? Marcus Boswell here. Yes, Mr. Boswell. Well, it took my entire bag of tricks to get Teddy released on his own recognizance. You can pick him up at the sheriff's office anytime you want. Thank heavens. And you'll be happy to know he wasn't rabid. - Are they sure? - They're positive. Potts hasn't died. [Chuckling] Well, thanks so much, Mr. Boswell. Teddy's coming home. Abby, I really think you should come back with me to Maine. The maples are turning, and it's so... Jessica, please don't treat me like a mental patient. Well, you must admit you're not yourself. Isn't that understandable, with a murderer on the loose? Well, we simply have no proof one way or the other. And that's what's so unsettling for both of us. Abby, tell me about this man Potts. He's a notorious liar. Oh, I gathered that. Maybe what he really wants is to win a big lawsuit against the Langley estate. Oh, how awful. He might start an epidemic. You know, I think we should talk to Mr. Boswell. Mmm, he seems to have done very well by the Langley estate. Face it, Marcus, I could drive a freight train through that loophole. Well, Abby, Miss Fletcher. Yes, but have your clients considered the risks first, Gary? You know, it could be a long and bloody battle. [Chuckles] Let's, uh... Let's hit the ball around next time I'm in D.C. [Door Closes] Hello. Good-bye, Marcus. [Phone Ringing] Morgana. Well, uh, ladies, please. Oh. Thank you. Mr. Boswell, it's your broker. It's the third time he's called today. Tell him I'm tied up, please. Come in. Come in. Thanks. Sit down, please. Ah, I assume that this means Morgana plans to challenge Denton's will. Yes. Yes. Afraid so. They're all in on it. And the gentleman from D.C.? Gary Deems. His speciality is breaking wills. [Chuckles] But, uh, ladies, don't you worry about that. I may be a country boy, but, uh, I have a few tricks up my sleeve. Now, what can I do for the two of you? Oh, uh, I beg your pardon, the three of you. [Chuckles] I can't get used to a client who doesn't talk. [Chuckles] Well, we're actually curious about that man Potts. Has he filed a suit against Teddy? Yes, well, he's making noises, but I intend to head him off. I intend that every quick-draw attorney around here... is gonna know that this dog is no pussycat. That right, Teddy? But Mr. Boswell, just how vulnerable is the will? Well, a good will can stand up to famine, fire, pestilence... - But, uh... - But Mr. Deems has found a loophole? More like a rathole! Yes, you see, his... his angle is... the question of “sound mind." Well, nonsense. Denton Langley's mind was as sound as anyone's. Oh, yes! Yes, I know about Denton's mind, but, uh, what about his? - Teddy? - Yes, you see, if a court declares that dog mentally incompetent... That's ridiculous. Yes, of course it's ridiculous, but it might take a lot of years in court to prove it. [Intercom Buzzes] Excuse me. Yes? [Secretary] I'm sorry, sir. It's your broker. He insists on speaking to you. [Sighs] Put him on. Hey, Jim boy. How you doin', you old son of a gun? [Chuckles] Is that right? Uh-huh. Yes. Well, you know I'm already up to... All right, Jim boy, I'll get you a check off today. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. And this time I'll even put a stamp on it. [Chuckles] So long. [Sighs] Ladies, never, never... buy any stock touted by Spencer Langley. Dumbest thing I ever did. My only consolation is that he bought even more of it himself. Oh? Spencer's in debt? Right up to his Adam's apple. [Teddy Whimpering, Scratching On Door] [Chuckling] Back again. Just like clockwork. [Grunts] You know you're safe in here, don't ya, hmm? I'm gonna miss ya, Teddy. When those paintings go next week, so do I. [Chuckles] [Teddy Whimpering] Here comes trouble. Oh, that darn fool Trish. She shouldn't be allowed to drive. Some night she's gonna smack into the gate. Sh-She can hardly stand up. [Buzzing] Drunk again. Well, I... I'd better see if she’s all right. A wonder she got home in one piece. Okay, Teddy Watch the place while I'm gone, huh? [Crickets Chirping] [Birds Twittering] What the... Oh, my God. Trish! Get up! Get up! [Gate Closes] [Whimpering] [Whimpering Continues] [Police Radio Chatter] [No Audible Dialogue] Be skeptical. Say I'm crazy. But I really saw it. - What, the accident? - No. My dear sister's ghost rising up from her earthly form... and crying like a mourning dove. Mother, you're just upset. Of course, I'm upset. Wouldn't you be if you'd just seen Trish's spirit take wing? Mighty strange hour to be lookin' out windows, Ms. Cramer. I'm often up at night. My aura thrives on moonlight. I heard a car horn, so I looked out. My bedroom has the only clear view of the gate. [Doorbell Chiming] My first real ghost, and no one will believe me. This is a tragedy, an awful tragedy. Yes, just awful. I'm sorry to hear about Trish. I came as soon as I could. Sheriff. Well, now that everybody's here, maybe I can ask a few questions. [No Audible Dialogue] Really? Excuse me. Sheriff, I think we should all hear what your deputy had to say. Well, up in the security room there's this button that closes the gate. And whoever pushed that button killed your sister. - Turns out the killer left a print. - A fingerprint? I didn't say that. Near as we can tell, it's more like a paw print. - Well, that's absurd! - Oh, my God! There goes the will! - Over my dead body it does! - [Spencer] First he attacks Potts, now he's murdered Trish! - That dog has got to go! - Oh, wouldn't that be convenient! All right, everybody, just hush. Uh, Sheriff, you cannot possibly believe... that a dog is capable of murder! Well, of course not. He'd have to be trained. [Engine Stops Running] Oh. Mrs. Fletcher, I just heard. It came over the Sheriff's band on my C. B. How's the, uh... How's the family taking it? About what you'd expect, I'm afraid. Hmm. Well, I'll run up there and see if there's anything I can do. [Engine Starting] [Police Radio Chatter] Here, Will, let me help you to fold that. Oh, Mrs. Fletcher, am I glad to see you. Sure needs a lady's touch. It is Will, isn't it? Yes, ma'am. Will Roxie. Mm-hmm. I tell ya... my wife would give her eyeteeth for that. It's beautiful. [Chuckles] How strange. Now, this is a new coat, but the seams are split just like my car coat. Seems a shame. It seems like you brought everything but the helicopter. Yes, ma'am. It's not often we get to use the sheriff's new gizmos. Who are all those men? Ah, Sheriff's posse. They're all dressed up with nobody to chase. I guess I'll set 'em to combing the grounds. Sounds like an excellent idea. Will, I hope you don't mind if I just sort of poke around. Oh, no, ma'am. Feel free. And that's all I know. The door to this room locks. It automatically locks. I've got the only key. And when you left, Teddy was alone in this room? Was there any sign of any tampering with the door? No. No. Do you really think Teddy pushed that button? Oh, yes. Yes, I'm quite sure of it. Mr. Barnes, you say your view of the gate was obstructed at one point. I wonder, did you hear anything unusual? No, ma'am. Just the usual... Crickets, a... a night bird calling. Could you show me the way to Morgana's room? Just as I suspected. Under stress, the English always head for the teapot. Can I have a cup too? Yes, have this one. Thanks. Well, the patients are screamin' for their medicine. I'm in charge of the ice brigade. We've got plenty here. The ice bucket's up there. Oh, yes. I tell ya, ladies. I will be glad when this night's over. Oh, dear, Mr. Boswell. You have a nasty grease mark on your trousers. Well, now, isn't that wonderful? I had a flat on the way over here. I guess I got some grease off the jack. A flat? How far from the house? Oh, a half mile. And how long did you stop? I don't know. Maybe 20 minutes. So, someone leaving here would have to pass you on their way? Say... N-N-Now, that's right. But nobody came by. Which means that the killer had to be someone in this house. I knew it. [Echo] How about the ice? Yes. You know, I have something that'll take that grease right off there. Oh, that's all right, Mrs. Fletcher. These... These trousers need cleanin' anyway. First Denton, then Trish. Jessica, you weren't in there when they practically accused me... of training Teddy to kill. Well, you didn't do it. But somebody else might have done it. Abby, how do you go about training a dog to press a button? Oh, endless repetition. You could train him to respond to a vocal command. You know, "Teddy, push! Good boy." No, it's too risky. I mean, someone would have to turn on the intercom, and they'd recognize the voice. Is there any other way? Well, any sort of sound, as long as the dog learned to recognize it. Um, snapping fingers, a whistle... Whistle! That's the kind of thing I have in mind. What is it? You've figured something out, haven't you? No. Well, I'm not sure. I'm telling you, Sheriff. Whoever is responsible... will never get away with framing that dog. If that's an accusation, Boswell, be rather careful, because I know a thing or two about slander laws. Spencer, why don't you sit down and be quiet? [Boswell] Let me tell you something, Spencer. You are talkin' about a perfectly normal dog as if he's possessed! You've been seeing too many Stephen King movies. Oh, no. There is such a thing as possession. So, you all thought you could get away with murder! Well, think again, because my cousin has worked it all out! Go on. Tell them, Jessica. Abby! I wanted to talk to the sheriff about it privately. Got it all worked out, eh? Let us all in on it. Well, uh, I-I, uh, only have a theory. Splendid! Do tell us all, Mrs. Fletcher. Well, I... Sheriff, I do think that you and I should discuss it together. I mean, it-it's just a guess. Mrs. Fletcher, I have little use for theories, private or otherwise. Now, you got an idea, tell us all about it. Well, uh, I believe that it... It could have happened like this... Now, Trish came home at 2:00 a.m. Reckless driving made her Mercedes swing wide on the turn... and come to a sudden, screeching halt. Now, someone got out of the car and pushed the intercom buzzer. Barnes looked into his monitor... and saw someone outlined against the headlights. But no one spoke into the intercom. Barnes assumed it was Trish, so opened the gate. Barnes went out to pick her up. The door closed and locked behind him. But Teddy was alone in the room. Now, Barnes couldn't see the gate from the drive, but Morgana could... from her window. I didn't know what to do. I pounded on Spencer's door, but he didn't answer. I'm a heavy sleeper. You know that. I saw her spirit! I swear! Oh, you saw something, all right, or rather, someone... the murderer. - I don't understand. - You saw a coated figure rise up... before the gate closed. But who was it? Now, at that time, you had no way of knowing that your sister would die. It was only later that you interpreted... what you saw as a ghost. Now, I believe that Trish was still inside the car, that she was either unconscious or-or drunk. I think the killer drove her home, deliberately swerving along the road... to make it look like drunk driving. Then the murderer put on her coat. It was a safe disguise. In that light, Barnes could only see the coat, not the face. - It's guesswork. - Makes sense to me. Trish's new coat was split at the seams. Now, I believe that the killer tore it... when he or she put it on quickly. And then the killer put the coat back on Trish? Right. Once Trish was laid back in the path of the gate, it was only a matter of giving the signal to Teddy over the intercom, disappearing before Barnes came into view. And Teddy? The murderer must have trained him to scratch on the door of the security room every night. That same person taught him to press the button when he heard a special sound. - Like a whistle? - Possibly. One like this? Got some initials on it too. Is there an "A.B.F." in the house? Abigail Benton Freestone. Fact is, we found it down near the driveway. Well, of course, I'm innocent. I was framed. Oh, I know they all say that. But do I strike you as a violent person? This whole ghastly ordeal has knocked me for a loop. But you know how it feels. Well, first of all, Sheriff, she's got no motive. Well, I hear Miss Freestone had a thing for the old man. Till Trish put a stop to it. Sheriff, I don't know what the voters of this county see in you, but I know what I see... A man of limited vision saddled with a gossipmonger's mentality. That's fancy talk, ma'am. But it only adds up to one thing... you're kin. And you're playing right into their hands, Sheriff. Now, you've already locked up Teddy here. Now... Now maybe he bumped off Denton too? Yes! What about Denton's death? Isn't it a little strange... that there've been two deaths in the Langley family in one week? You're wasting your breath. Friday's the inquest. Till then, the dog is an accessory after the fact. And Denton Langley's death was accidental, pure and simple. And Mrs. Fletcher, thank you so much for your help. Oh, thanks for the ride. You're welcome, Mrs. Fletcher. Say, uh, you sure you don't want me to take you on up to the gate? You got about a half a mile to go, you know. Oh, no, this is fine. I need the exercise, and some time to think. Be careful. Well, howdy, Mrs. Fletcher. Out for a walk? Morning, Will. Mmm, everything smells so sweet after the rain. [Chuckles] Yes, ma'am. Uh, excuse me. You looking for something? Well, actually, I was... I was just thinking. You wouldn't happen to have one of the sheriff's new metal detectors with you, would you? No, ma'am. But I could get one. Tryin' to find somethin' in particular? Bicycle clip. Plain, ordinary bicycle clip. Bicycle clip? Don't worry, Will. You'll know it when you see it. Good morning, Echo. Good morning. Have you seen Spencer? His horse is gone. No, I haven't seen my uncle. Where are you going? I'm going to go see a man about a dog bite. - Which way to the Potts farm? - It's that way. Ah, thank you. [Clicks Tongue] [Chainsaw Blaring] [Chainsaw Idling] [Chainsaw Resumes Blaring] [Jessica] The bandage. I thought so. I took the liberty of putting your horse in the stable. Potts! I should've never listened to you and your crazy ideas! You didn't actually think you could get away with drugging Teddy and having that man fake an injury? Having the dog destroyed seemed the surest way of breaking the will. We'll go to jail! Unless we shut her up. Oh, don't be absurd. You men aren't killers. You'll get off lightly if you confess to fraud. Confess? Oh, no, ma'am. I've been in jail once, and I ain't goin' again. Oh, Mr. Potts, believe me. When I reveal who killed Trish, your little scheme will hardly be noticed. - Do you know who did it? - Yes, Mr. Langley. I knew just as soon as I stopped looking at the crime... the way the murderer wanted me to look at it. - You have to explain that. - She's just tryin' to talk her way out of this! I say we plant her out there in the orchard. Potts, stop acting like a damned hillbilly. [Sighs] [Whispering, Indistinct] The sheriff has just informed me of a little matter involving Spencer Langley... and his accomplice, Asa Potts. Off the record, Spencer, you've been a stupid ass. Well, let's get down to business. What in blazes is that? Oh, uh, part of my presentation, sir. So be it. Uh, Ms. Fletcher here... will be starting off this inquest as "amicus curiae." For you yahoos in the back, that means "friend of the court." Thank you. I do feel a little silly standing up here. I hope I don't sound too much like a schoolteacher. Uh, to keep this short, I'm only going to call one witness... Teddy. Now, this is the gate button that Teddy pushed... the night that Trish Langley was killed. This is Abby Freestone's whistle, which the sheriff found near the gate. He believes that Abby used it that night... to command Teddy to push the button. Would you blow this, please, Will? [No Audible Sound] [Barks] [Teddy Whimpering] This is an ultrasonic whistle, audible only to a dog. Now, please, go into the hall, Will, and blow into the intercom that is connected to this one. [Will On Intercom] I blew into this end just like you said, ma'am. Thank you, Will. Even Teddy's sensitive ears couldn't hear it this time. - Why not? - Because that whistle is above the range of any loudspeaker. Therefore, it couldn't have been the killer's signal. Could I ask someone a question, Mr. Coroner? Please, Mrs. Fletcher. Mr. Barnes, do you remember hearing any unusual noise... outside the gate that night? Ah, you already asked me that once, ma'am. Like I told you, just some crickets. And a night bird calling. Yes, a night bird. A mockingbird. That's mostly what we got around here. Morgana said she saw her sister's spirit rise with the call of a bird. Now, I believe that the call was the same one that Mr. Barnes heard. - Well, what's the point? - I'm sorry. I... I guess I'm not making myself clear. I'm trying to tie everything together. You see, Denton's death, the inheritance, the attempts to... To eliminate Teddy. You see, the facts do fit. Denton had to die. Teddy had to be discredited. Now, the Sheriff has Spencer's confession. And I think that his scheme against Teddy... provided the opportunity for Trish's murder. The perfect opportunity to kill and avoid exposure. Everyone would connect the murder with the attempt on Teddy. But they were two separate crimes. Now, for the motive. Fifteen million dollars worth of it... If you expected to inherit. But suppose we look a little further, to somebody who never expected to inherit. Somebody deeply in debt... through bad investments. Someone who needed an income... that a lengthy litigation would bring him. Excuse me. Excuse me. That's irrelevant, immaterial and just plain inane. Is it, Mr. Boswell? You had access to Teddy. And you had a pressing need for money. I wouldn't go too far, Mrs. Fletcher. Oh, but you did go too far, when you persuaded Trish to dope her father's horse. Why did she do it? For the millions that she couldn't wait to inherit. But she didn't get anything in the will. Oh, but I suspect she was told that she would... by the one person who had seen the will. Imagine her surprise when she saw that videotape. [Chuckling] You have a remarkable imagination. Trish must have been furious, perhaps even made threats. But you'd planned for that eventuality. A quiet meeting that night, a few drinks, some promises, a blow on the head... Teddy was ready. You'd trained him in advance. Please. Please, please, please. Now, my... my friends and neighbors know me better than that. They do not believe one word of this poppycock. - Do you own a bicycle? - Yes, I do. So do lots of other people. Do you ever ride out by the Langley Manor? - Sometimes. - What about the night that Trish died? No! Then why was this bicycle clip... picked up half a mile from the manor gate? [Scoffs, Chuckles] That bicycle clip could belong to anybody. Now, Mr. Coroner, how long are we gonna entertain this, uh, comedy routine? Till I'm satisfied, Mr. Boswell. Well, Mrs. Fletcher? Trish's killer hid his bicycle along the road earlier in the evening. It would have been a quiet, perfect means of leaving the scene, if he hadn't lost his bicycle clip. Without this clip, he got that characteristic greasy mark on his trouser from the chain, the mark I saw on your cuff the night of the murder. I told you. I got that mark changing a tire. Not true. Two days ago, I saw your tire tracks. All of your tires were evenly worn. So? Well, if your car is like most people's, the spare's never been out of the trunk. It would have shown deep, new tread. Not necessarily. Why don't we look in the trunk of your car? Why don't we look in your closet for your greasy trousers? - Will, are you still there? - Yes, ma-am. Go ahead, please. [Birds Twittering On Intercom] [Barks] [Whimpering] Why don’t you feed him his treat? Just like you did when you trained him to help you to murder Trish. [Crying] Oh, Jessica, you were marvelous. I don't know what Teddy and I would have done without you. Oh, you'd have managed. I bet you'll be glad to get home to Kent. Yes, far away from the Langley clan. And Marcus Boswell. I still don't understand why he did it. Simple, Abby. He who controlled the dog controlled the money. And I bet he would have thought of a hundred different, clever ways to rake off all that he wanted. His behavior was indefensible. Mmm, not to a good lawyer. [Both Laughing] [Vehicle Approaching] Well, beautiful mornin'. Isn't it? Teddy! Tom, what's it like managing a dog's finances? Well, all that cash makes me a little nervous. But it's gonna go to a lot of folks that need it more than we do. And what about the clamoring relatives? Well, either get a job or starve. I know Teddy will be very happy in his new home. Well, we're not gonna forget either one of you. Come on, Teddy boy. Yes. Time for you to get back to work. [Chuckling] Whoops. [Engine Starting] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 