Murder, She Wrote: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Murder, She Wrote 
 s1e10 - Capitol Offense - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Murder, She Wrote (1984–1996): Season 1, Episode 10 - Capitol Offense - full transcript 
 When a congressman suddenly dies from a heart attack, Jessica is asked to temporarily replace him in Washington. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Woman] Tonight on Murder, She Wrote. - He didn't die in bed. - He was an alcoholic. I'm not a killer, and I wasn't drunk. The governor is going to ask you to fill the seat. I'm not a politician. Which is precisely why you're the perfect choice. Well, Harry's never denied knowing her, only killing her. - He could have been set up. - Not by me. You're scum, Dixon! And so are you! Three nights ago, I spotted Marta coming out of the Watergate. It's the amateurs who tend to get hurt. [Gasps] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Man] I figure I got an obligation... to everybody who voted for me, right, Harry? Absolutely, Dan. Absolutely. A lot of these guys, they think a seat in Congress is like a free ride, a great big cookie jar they can just dip their mitts into... So where's my old buddy Wendell Joyner? I thought he was coming. He'll be here, Congressman. Meanwhile, Harry and I would like to talk to you about that cannery bill, huh? Harry. Come on. That's business, Mr. Dixon. We're here to party. [Dan] What time is it? And where is everybody? [Dixon] Well, we wanted to keep the group small. [Shutter Clicking] Give us a chance to talk. Talk? About what? You need a refill, Dan. Marta, why don't you fill up the congressman's glass? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good idea, Marta. Martini on the rocks, luscious. I don't like this guy. Come on, Ray. He's on the committee. We need him. [Knocking] Betty. And another thing. Why did you tell him Joyner was coming? Joyner hates my guts. I know. It was the only way we could get him here. Pardon me, young lady. Dan. Wendell. Why are you so late? Where've you been? [Dan] We... We were wondering where you were. - Congressman Joyner, how gracious of you to accept our invitation. - Come on, Dan. Now surely, Congressman, you're not rushing off? You'll join us for a drink. Yeah, Wendell. The party's just started. Dan's right, Congressman. What'll I fix you? [Sighs] You couldn't leave him alone, could you, Dixon? You two rattlesnakes. You find a man's weakness... Wait a minute, Joyner... You're scum, Dixon! And so are you! Tomorrow I'm making a full report to the House Ethics Committee... You try it! With great pleasure! It's about time somebody stood... - Wendell. - Ohh! What... What's the matter with him? Congressman? Get him up on the sofa. No! Don't move him! Call an ambulance! - [Shutter Clicking] - No. No. No ambulance. No ambulance. [Jessica] No bother at all, Eleanor. Voter registration is a lot more important than my lunch. [Laughing] [Doorbell Rings] Ooh, there's somebody at the door. I've got to go. I'll see you at 12:00. Mrs. Fletcher? Yes? I'm Harold DeWitt. I'm an aide to the governor, and I'm here on a matter of great urgency. Dead? I can't believe it. Congressman Joyner had a serious heart problem. It's the reason he'd decided to retire. His housekeeper found him in his bed early this morning. The news hasn't been released yet. Except to me. As you know, the party's two most qualified candidates are competing in the primary. Oh, yes. I've been working with the voter registration committee. Well, normally, the governor would appoint our party's nominee to fill the vacant seat, but we won't know who that is for another six weeks at least. That's why the governor is going to ask you to fill the seat, on an interim basis, of course. Me? Oh, don't be silly. I'm not a politician. Which is precisely why you're the perfect choice. You have no political ambitions, you're nationally known, and your integrity is not in question. Mrs. Fletcher, several important pieces of legislation... are going to be considered in the next few weeks. Maine's interests must be represented. I don't know what to say. Say yes. Your state needs you, if only for a few weeks. [Ringing] This is Diana Simms. Oh, yes, Mr. Speaker. No, I'm sorry. Mrs. Fletcher hasn't arrived yet. She's being met at the airport by our Media Liaison Officer, Joe Blinn. [Jessica] I have gotten red-carpet treatment before, Mr. Blinn, but, uh, ooh, nothing like this. Well, you better get used to it. And, please, uh, call me Joe. We've, uh, checked you into a suite at the Embassy Towers. If you want something fancier, let me know. Oh, I'm sure that'll be fine. My job is to get your name in the papers, Mrs. Fletcher, or to keep it out, whatever you prefer. You've inherited a crackerjack staff from Congressman Joyner. So your biggest problem should be deciding where to have lunch. Joe, even though I'll only be here for a few weeks, I intend doing this job to the very best of my ability. I am sure you will. We'll get along just fine if you try to remember... that I'm not your addlepated great-aunt from East Nowhere. [Both Chuckling] Whoops. I'm sorry, Mrs. Fletcher. Let me start again. Whatever I can do for you, consider it done. Thank you. [Chuckling] [Sighs] My goodness, this is impressive. Yes, it is, isn't it? Wait'll the first time you step foot on the House floor. It'll knock you over. [Laughs] Mrs. Fletcher. Dan Keppner, Mrs. Fletcher. We share a couple of committees. Oh, how do you do? Congressman Joyner was my friend. His death was tragic. I agree, Mr. Keppner. Look, uh, I'd like to drop by later. There are several important matters that I'd like to discuss, particularly the Maine cannery bill. Oh, yes, of course. Well, I'm so glad we met. My pleasure. What a nice man. Where's he from? East Nowhere. Diana. Oh, Mrs. Fletcher, welcome. Diana Simms. Oh, how do you do, Miss Simms? Diana's your A.A. My what? Administrative Assistant. Right-hand gal. Indispensable. I'd introduce you to the rest of the staff, but as you can see, it's lunchtime. Speaking of which, I am off. Uh, be back around twoish. Thanks for the lift, Joe. Sure. Let me show you your office. Oh, this is nice. Oh, yes, very nice indeed. Mrs. Fletcher, my resignation is already on your desk. But I want you to know that I'm prepared to work closely with your incoming staff. My what? But I don't have an incoming staff. It's customary for a congressperson to appoint his or her own people. Diana, don't you like your job? Of course. Well, in that case, Congressman Joyner's staff will do me just fine. [Chuckles] - [Knocking] - Yes? Mrs. Fletcher? Yes. Harry Parmel, an attorney by trade. By choice, an acknowledged expert on this city's finest restaurants. Would you do me the honor of joining me for lunch? Why, thank you. Uh... You're very kind, Mr. Parmel, but I ate on the plane. Uh, perhaps another time. At your convenience, dear lady. I look forward to the opportunity of working with you closely whenever I'm needed. May I? Thank you. Thank you. Diana. And what was that? Harry is a lobbyist for Pendrake Foods. To Harry, "working closely" translates to wining and dining... and doling out dollars to get you to vote his way. The opening salvo? Mm-hmm. Most lobbyists are good people. They know the rules. Harry not only breaks the rules, he's never heard of them. I can see that I am going to need a fast education. [Joe] Mrs. Fletcher, I must tell you that I enjoyed your last book very much. Oh, I'm so glad. When's the next one? Well, we hope to have it out in about three months. Mm, I can't wait. [Woman] May I help you? Yes, Mrs. Fletcher... 2560. Oh, yes, Mrs. Fletcher. So nice to have you with us. Thank you. Your luggage is already up in your room. Oh, good. I'll get your key. Mm-hmm. Well, if you don't need me anymore? No, you run along, Joe. Got a heavy date with a lady from the S.E.C. Ah, ears like an elephant. Last time she dropped a stock tip on me, I just about cornered the entire sports car market. Mm. Doesn't sound very honest to me. In this city, that is a word for which there is no clear definition. Well, good night. Well, I'll see you tomorrow and thanks. [Bell Dings] [Woman]Show Mrs. Fletcher to her room, please. [Jessica] Thank you. [Coins Clinking] [Rings] Yes? Mrs. Fletcher? Dan Keppner. We met today in the hall. Oh, yes. Sorry if I woke you, but... Look, um, there's something I have to talk to you about. Uh, well, uh, actually, Mr. Keppner, I-I'm in bed. I'm awfully tired. - Could it wait until tomorrow morning? - Tomorrow? Sure. How about breakfast at your hotel? Say 8:00? I'll see you then. Hey, cabbie? Congressman? Sorry, honey, not tonight. Mr. Keppner, it's Marta Craig. Remember me? From the party? Sure. Marta, how are you? I'm not so good. I'm scared. About what? You know about what. The other night, moving the body? Sorry, I... Hey, Congressman. I was there, remember? Excuse me. May I ask who you are and why you are following me? Detective Lieutenant Avery Mendelsohn, Mrs. Fletcher. And I am following you in the hopes of maybe finding out... who the hell killed Congressman Wendell Joyner. So, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he wasn't murdered. The coroner says cause of death was a heart attack. But let me also tell you this. He didn't die in bed. Somebody moved his body. And when people move bodies, I ask myself why. Well, I'm sorry, Lieutenant, but I was in Maine when the congressman died. Oh, no. Don't misunderstand. Not for one minute would I suggest that you are in any way involved. Thank you. Ohh! Oh, are you all right? No. No, no. No, i-it's just a back pain. Nothing serious. It's, uh, it's chronic. My sister Rachel has the same thing. Ah, you get a little old, get a little heavy, you begin to expect it. Bad feet, bad back... Runs in the family. My father, now there was a man with pain. I am very sorry. Lieutenant... [Stomach Growling] Huh. My stomach's acting up too. Maybe I'm making somethin' out of nothin'. When my gut starts to growl, it's a sure sign there's a fox loose in the china shop. What the hell? Hey! Hey, my wallet! [Horn Honking] [Man] Watch him! Charlie, hold it! That's the guy! So, Congressman, are these yours? That's my jacket and my wallet. Where did you find them? What about this key? We found this in your jacket. It's not mine. That's right. It belongs to a woman named Marta Craig. It did. She's dead. What? Beaten to death... in her apartment sometime last evening. Cheekbone crushed, jaw broken, nose spattered. Not a pretty sight. Wait a minute... We found your jacket draped over a chair. And considering the condition of your hands, I think you have a few questions to answer. Uh, the bill would permit the construction of a fish cannery on McHenry's Point. I believe that's only a few miles from Cabot Cove. Oh, yes. I read up on it last night. It's a very complicated issue. It's a classic case of business interests versus the environmentalists'. Congressman Joyner was going to vote against the measure. Well, I may, too, Diana, after I've sifted through the testimony and had a chance to make up my own mind. - Of course. - Diana, I'm sorry, but I have to ask you something. The police talked to me this morning. They think that Congressman Joyner did not die in his bed. What? They say that he died elsewhere... and that his body was moved. Mrs. Fletcher, that's awful. Now, someone is trying very hard to muddy some waters. Diana, where was he supposed to be that night? Where he was every night. He didn't care much for Washington nightlife. Just what I thought. He had nothing scheduled on the 12th. Wait a minute. There was one thing. Harry Parmel invited him to a party that evening. Harry Parmel? The unctuous gentleman bearing roses. Right. Only Congressman Joyner turned him down. We're due at a committee meeting. [Gasps] Excuse me, Mrs. Fletcher? I'm Thor Danziger. I'm with the Ecological Foundation. Oh, how do you do? I wonder if I could spare a few moments of your time to take a look at these papers? They have to do with the cannery bill. We're late, Mr. Danziger. Look, Miss Simms, I just want a couple of minutes of her time. Your position is already on the record. Would you excuse us, please? Nice to meet you. Diana, weren't we rather rude to that young man? They had their chance last week. [Man] May I have your attention, please? Before we start, the Chair wishes to welcome the distinguished congresswoman from the state of Maine. Thank you very much. One moment, please. Congressman Keppner was supposed to meet me for breakfast this morning to talk about this bill. I don't suppose he called you? I haven't heard from him. Mr. Dixon, are you ready? Yes. Thank you, sir. Mr. Chairman, distinguished representatives, guests. My name is Raymond Dixon. I am vice president in charge of operations for Pendrake Foods, a nationally known firm involved in the packaging of foodstuffs. Why is he reading his speech? He's testifying. I know. But if it's all written out, why are we wasting each other's time? That's the way we do things here in Congress. Oh. I don't know any Kaye Sheppard. She's only the empress of Washington gossip, syndicated in 98 newspapers. Now, believe me... Look, Mrs. Fletcher, you're gonna get good exposure and a great lunch. But I don't need exposure, Joe, and I know I don't need a great lunch. But if you'll just... I'm sorry. I know that you mean well, but just now, I don't have the time. You have lunch with Miss Sheppard. Sure, and then afterwards I'll drop in on the president for afternoon tea. I'm gonna keep trying. Lieutenant. Oh, you'll excuse me. They said it was okay for me to wait in here. Oh, of course, but, uh... You didn't tell me you were meeting Congressman Keppner for breakfast. You didn't ask. Anyway, I overslept, and he never showed up. Well, that's right. We're holding him on suspicion of murder. What? We've got the evidence, and I should book him, but... But you're having, uh, trouble with your stomach. Also my feet. See, my gut tells me there's trouble, but when my feet hurt, it's a... it's a sign that things are not exactly kosher. You got a minute? It was dumb to move Wendell's body, but I was too drunk to think straight. [Sighs] That's why I wanted to talk to you this morning, Mrs. Fletcher, to tell you what happened. But how does moving the body involve the dead girl? Marta was at the party. Last night, I'd ducked into some bar to call you... I don't remember which one... And when I came out, there she was. She showed me this picture she'd taken of me... and Parmel and Dixon... with the congressman dead on the floor of Dixon's penthouse. I was scared. So I went with her to her place. I remember having a drink... Ginger ale. Why did you have the key of her apartment? That was planted on my jacket. I never saw it before. That still doesn't explain the blood and makeup on your shirt... and the scrapes and bruises on your hands. I didn't kill her! I swear to God! Mrs. Fletcher, I'm not a killer, and I wasn't drunk... as God is my witness. You've gotta believe me. I'm sorry, Mrs. Fletcher. I told you it wasn't pretty. Lieutenant, Congressman Keppner did not kill that woman. Oh, so now you're telling me I know what I don't know. If Mr. Keppner had beaten that woman, he would have spattered blood all over his shirt. In case you didn't notice, Mrs. Fletcher, there was both blood and makeup on the front of his shirt. Some, but not much, and no makeup on his hands. Now, if he had hit that woman that severely, his hands would have shown not only blood but makeup as well. I noticed that. Lieutenant, if you believe his story, you have to believe that he was dragged unconscious from that apartment and dumped in that alley. Would you mind giving me your jacket? What? Your jacket. Would you take it off, please? Okay. It's off. Now, assume that I am the killer. My hands are covered with Marta's blood and makeup. Now, I have to move an unconscious body. How would I do that? Traces of blood and makeup from the killer's hands. That's good, Mrs. Fletcher. Very good. Maybe you should have been a cop. I am a cop, when I'm at the typewriter. You're not at your typewriter now. [Diana] Dan Keppner. It's unbelievable. He had his problems, sure. He was an alcoholic. But for six years, he'd been attending meetings, working the program. Well, then, a couple of months ago, he... Diana, I need to know. His wife left him. Took the kids to New York. He started drinking again. Wendell was trying to get him back on track. Mrs. Fletcher, I know Dan well enough to know he'd never hurt anyone, no matter what. Well, I'm glad to hear you say that, because he's been framed... and very clumsily too. Joe, you're an expert on this town. I want you to find out everything about Marta Craig. Who she was? Who she knew? Any ties that she might have had with Harry Parmel, Raymond Dixon... Now wait a minute, Mrs. F. I'm a press agent. I'm not a-a detective. And you're also a bright and resourceful young man. That is what you told me. Hey. Well, all right. I'll see what I can do. [Door Closes] Ray. Harry. I'd ask you to join me, but I'm expecting Senator Wexler. I won't be staying, Ray. I don't think I like the edge in your voice. I want you to understand me. My job does not include murder... before, during or after the fact. What are you talking about? One of my contacts on the District police force slipped me this. Marta Craig murdered by Congressman Keppner, hmm? She's dead, all right. Whether Keppner did it? He could have been set up. - Not by me. - After what happened the other night? That's a nasty temper you got, Ray. - I've always told you it was gonna get you in trouble one of these days. - I don't have to answer to you, Harry. Maybe not. But you'd better pay attention to this. The first sign I'm getting dragged into a murder, I protect myself, not you. [Gasps] Thor. What is it? I saw it on the news about Marta. What is it, Thor? These came in the mail. You showed me these photos last week. You told me they were faked and I believed you. They're a duplicate set, Diana. They came with this note. "Stay away from Mrs. Fletcher. You won't be warned again!" Miss Craig certainly lived very well for a secretary. Maybe she put in overtime. So, Mrs. Fletcher, could you tell me what you expect to find? Well, maybe nothing. I didn't know the young lady, Lieutenant. Just what was on your police report and that wasn't very much. You call two charges of extortion and blackmail not very much? [Sighs] I should've been a doctor. If I'd have been smart enough, I would have gone to medical school. It's a little late to, uh, second-guess that choice, isn't it? What choice? I said if I was smart. I wasn't smart. C-plus average. [Sighs] Did I tell you I was the first cop in my family? My two brothers are rabbis. My sister's a cantor in Baltimore. Ah, why should I complain? I could have gone to work for the phone company. Ah, the phone company, that's security. Well, Mrs. Fletcher, I gotta get back to the office. You had enough? Oh, yes, quite enough, thank you. I wonder, could you drop me off at the Library of Congress? Why not? [Woman] Mrs. Fletcher, how delightful you could join me. I could hardly refuse your urgent invitation, Mrs., uh, or is it Miss Sheppard? Miss. Permanently, irrevocably. Call me Kaye. This is Peanuts. Mmm. He was given to me by a former occupant of the White House. I defy you to guess which one. [Both Chuckling] Oh, thank you, Richard. Come on, sweetie. [Mumbling] [Meows] Such a baby doll, yes. I shouldn't think they'd allow that. They don't. Want a drink? An iced tea. One more time on this one. Look, Jessica... I'm going to call you Jessica... The first thing you've got to learn about this town is that everyone responds to clout. When you've got it, use it. Well, in your note you said you had information about Marta Craig's killing. The second thing you learn is the fine art of back-scratching. I see. A trade-off? Hmm. You've been helping the cops with the Craig murder. My instinct tells me that you're going to help bust it open. Oh, that's very flattering, but... And when you do, I want an exclusive right from the horse's mouth. And in return, you'll pass along to me what? Information I couldn't give the police because of repercussions. I have to live in this town. You don't. Do we deal? - I'm listening. - My sources tell me that Marta was playing both sides of the street. Thank you, Richard. [Giggles] As I was saying, Jessica, this town is run by clout, and clout is fueled by information. Three nights ago, I spotted Marta coming out of the Watergate. She was upset. Suddenly Dixon came running out after her, grabbed her arm, they fought. About what? I wish I knew. I was in my car about a half-block away. But I can tell you this. Ray Dixon looked mad enough to kill. Well, congratulations. You are the talk of the town. Oh? Yes. Meetings with Kaye Sheppard do not go unnoticed. I found her very interesting. Uh-huh. Should I check for stab wounds? What did you find out about Marta Craig? Not much. She had, uh, six jobs in the last four years, uh, did the party circuit five, six nights a week. Uh, not much else. Hmm. Where's Diana? I don't know. She called in sick after lunch. Said she would talk to you later. Listen, if you don't need me any more today, I have a date tonight... with a very hot number from the State Department. Oh? Go ahead. Oh, and, Joe? Yes? Tomorrow, a little more on Marta Craig, please? I will do my best. - [Knocking] - Mind if I come in? I'm glad to see you've been released. - Look, Mrs. Fletcher... - Jessica, please. Jessica, I appreciate everything you've done, but don't go to any more trouble on my account. The fact is, I've decided not to seek reelection. I've got a call in to New York right now. That is a very foolish decision, I think. You don't know all the facts. And what are those? That you're an alcoholic? That you've spent the last six years sober, until last month? And I've been sober ever since the night Wendell died. So what? Don't you understand, Jessica? I'm living on the edge every day. It's been like that for a year and a half. Trying to live up to two responsibilities... To the people who elected me and to my wife and kids. [Sighs] I don't know. Maybe it's the way I'm built. I can't go halfway into anything. I drove them away because of my work, and now I've got nothing. I don't believe that and neither do you. Ever since that night I've been going to two and three meetings a day, but I still don't know from one day to the next if I'm going to slip. Dan, like most of us, you're slightly imperfect, but that's not a capital offense. If I were you, I'd cancel that telephone call. I'd catch the first plane home and talk to that wife of yours, find out what she thinks. She might surprise you. Women in love do that. I guess things can't get much worse. That's one way of looking at it. [Chuckles] Oh, my goodness. You know, Jessica, this is the first time in eight weeks... that I'm beginning to feel good about myself. Thank you. If you'll excuse me... I've got to cancel that call to New York. By the way, I think I'll hang around until after tomorrow's vote. I think I owe Ray Dixon a good kick in the slats. [Knocking] Mrs. Fletcher. Diana, I'm so sorry you're not feeling well. I've got a couple of questions. I'm very confused by this cannery bill. If it's not too much trouble, could we talk? Well, I really... I hate to impose on you like this, but I really do need clarification on a couple of points. Perhaps we could ask that nice Mr. Danziger, the young man from the environmental group. - I'm sure he'd be glad to help. - Well, suppose we ask him. - Why don't you have him come out of the bedroom? - Well, Mrs... I couldn't help but notice the No Smoking sign on your desk in the office. [Sighs] Thor? Thor? - How did you know it was me? - Well, it was a guess. But I did notice the tiepin you were wearing the day that we met... the lion's head... The same design that Marta and Diana had on their cheerleader costumes. Then I checked with the Library of Congress and... You dug up an old Brighton University yearbook and found out that the three of us had attended school together. - And then you two made such a production of not liking each other. - You jumped to a conclusion. We couldn't make our relationship common knowledge, Mrs. Fletcher. In my position, it would be construed as a conflict of interest. What about your relationship with Marta Craig? We used to be good friends. Then Marta got in with the wrong crowd. She started up with Harry Parmel and men like him, working the party circuit. But if your relationship with Marta was so casual, why did you hide it from me? We were scared. After Marta's death, we were sure that the police would be looking for suspects, and I knew I would be at the top of the list. Now those photos were faked, Lieutenant. As you can see, I was unconscious. [Sighs] Marta had asked me up to her apartment. She said she wanted to discuss something. I took one drink. She must have drugged me. Thor wanted to bring you the photos, but I stopped him. Innocent or guilty, it would have cost him his job at the Ecological Foundation. They're very publicity shy. Okay, all right. All right, the two of you can go. Keep yourselves available. Faked photos, a murder, attempted frame. It seems to me, if you'll pardon the presumption, that this guy Marta was working for is more than likely the guy who beat her to death. Why do you say guy, Lieutenant? It could just as easily have been a woman. A t around, uh, 6:30, she had an early supper with some middle-level guy from the State Department. He's married but doesn't let that get in the way. Uhh... [Tires Screeching] Your driving's not getting in the way of your reading, is it? Oh, this? No. I do this all the time. Anyway, uh, she and the guy left, uh, the restaurant separately... and then, uh, she picked up Congressman Keppner at around 9:30... outside the, uh, Stockman's Bar and that's it. Bottom line is she had no close friends. Nobody seems to know much about her private life. Well, there has to be something. I mean, her meeting with Harry Parmel at the hairdresser proves that they had a relationship. Well, Harry never denied knowing her, just killing her. Mrs. Fletcher. Your hotel said you had left. I was hoping we might have a chat before your day begins. I'd love to, Mr. Dixon. That's very generous of you. You don't know how much this cannery bill means to my company and to me personally. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you wanted to chat with me about Marta Craig's murder. I wouldn't know anything about that. I hardly knew the woman. Amazing. You didn't choke, and you hardly blinked an eyelash. What? Lying is a very difficult art, Mr. Dixon, but you have mastered it beautifully. Mrs. Fletcher, I assure you... I know. You want to assure me that it wasn't you who chased Marta Craig... out of the Watergate three nights ago. Mrs. Fletcher, we play a game in this town. Those of us who are good at it, get things done. It's the amateurs who tend to get hurt. Morning, Diana. Good morning. I ought to warn you Ray Dixon's already been sniffing around. Yes, I know. The committee meeting's less than two hours away. Is there anything I can help you with... - Mrs. Fletcher? - Hmm? Oh. Diana, I have to go out. Don't let them start the vote without me. But the meeting starts in less than two hours. [Dan] The problem of waste was carefully researched... by Dr. A. Bruno Townshend... of the University of Western Minnesota... in his 1981 tract... Investments in our Coastline, a sociological treatise... published by Acorn Press. Uh. Joe, I'm so glad you're here. Aren't you supposed to be in the committee meeting? Oh, never mind that. Come with me. Uh, later. So? I just got a most wonderful lead from Kaye Sheppard. It seems a jilted boyfriend of Marta's was hanging around her apartment... when she brought Dan home with her. What? A few minutes later, the boyfriend saw another man going inside. - Now, he didn't get a very good look, but it had to be Ray Dixon. - Are you sure? Well, after that terrible fight they had at the Watergate, Marta was probably blackmailing him too. He went inside the apartment, saw Dan passed out, killed Marta and blamed it on Dan. Oh, boy. If that were true, then... You know, he probably took those photographs too... The ones at the party when Congressman Joyner died. - Joe, we have to get inside his penthouse. - Well, how're we going to do that? Ohh, for heaven's sake! I've got to vote on that bill. Right after the committee meeting, I want you to meet with me and Kaye. We'll talk to Lieutenant Mendelsohn, and we'll try to get a court order. Right. It sounds like a real break. Oh, I'm sure it is. [Raspy Voice] It's not just a question of pollution, but the effect of biodegradables on the coastline. Uh, Mr. Keppner, may I interpret this brief pause... as a sign that you have finally finished stating your position on this bill? I have just a few more observations, Mr. Chairman. But, in the interest of time, I will defer to my esteemed colleague from Maine. - Very well, but this is taking much too long, you know. - I'm so sorry to be late. [Chairman] Perhaps now we could put this measure to a vote, specifically whether to permit the construction of a cannery at... McHenry's Point in Maine. Uh, excuse me, Mr. Chairman. Would it be possible for me to say a few words? I would hope, Mrs. Fletcher, that they will be considerably fewer... than those voiced by your colleague from New York. Uh, I have studied this bill very carefully. And heaven knows... this cannery would certainly bring a lot of new jobs to my district. And if that were the only consideration, I would vote for it without any hesitation. However, I've discovered that there are... seven abandoned canneries in my state. Can you imagine? Seven. No longer working, no longer employing people. And why? Because the owners walked away from them... rather than spend money to modernize their operations. Now, I believe two of them are your companies, Mr. Dixon. Now, I realize that there is expense involved in updating equipment... and perhaps those locations are no longer as convenient... as McHenry's Point. But, you know, I'm very upset by this notion... that we can just dispose of buildings or people... when they become a little troublesome or unprofitable. Almost 5,000 people... used to work at those abandoned canneries. Now, that's truly disgraceful, to put people out of work, to abandon perfectly good buildings... because our tax laws make it financially advantageous. Well, I'm sorry, but I think that sort of attitude is not only preposterous, but it's inhuman. Now, the Pendrake Corporation doesn't need a new cannery. They need to put the canneries they already own back into operation. Now, Mr. Dixon, you and your fellow canners have been taking a lot out of the state of Maine... and I think it's high time you started putting something back. Order! Order, please! It's pretty obvious, Mr. Blinn. Give us cops credit for a little intelligence. Ray Dixon would be smarter than that. [Chuckles] I don't know what you're talking about. Is that so? [Knocking] I'm sorry. I raced as fast as I could. You're just in time. Mrs. Fletcher, this is not what it seems. Don't be silly, Joe. Of course it is. Those are the photos from the party, aren't they? Yes. I found them in the desk. Really? You know, until this morning, I was totally baffled. Of course, I knew that Mr. Keppner was innocent... and I was also pretty sure that Marta had been murdered by the person she was working for. What happened Joe? Did she get greedy? Look, you said Dixon was guilty. That's why I'm here. Please, Joe. What happened to your gloves? - My gloves? - Those fancy driving gloves you were wearing the first time I met you. [No Audio] [Jessica's Voice] You weren't wearing them after Marta was killed. Were you wearing them when you beat her to death? Of course, you must have been. That's why your hands were never marked. On the other hand, it's almost impossible to remove blood and makeup from suede. And you had to get rid of them. That's a lotta guesswork. Mm-mmm. I'm afraid not. The gloves are only part of it. You slipped badly this morning, Joe. When you were telling me about Marta's activities the day she died, you said she picked up Congressman Keppner outside Stockman's Bar? That is part of the police report. No. That night Dan had been wandering the streets. He had no idea where he was. Or where he'd called from. We just checked the bartender and the waitresses who were working there that evening. None of them remember Keppner being there. Which means you could have learned it was Stockman's only from talking to Marta Craig. I'm no different than anyone else in this town, Mrs. Fletcher. You buy and you sell... People, legislation, influence. There's a price tag on everything and everyone. And I was doin' real well too... until Marta got just a little bit too big... for her pantyhose. And did you think that you were the only one allowed to play the game of buy and sell? He's wrong, you know. For every Parmel and Dixon, there are dozens of honest men like Wendell Joyner. Only they don't get their names in the paper. So, how'd your vote go? The cannery? Oh, we won! Unanimous! Terrific. What do you say, Mrs. Fletcher? I got an appointment with the podiatrist at 2:00, but I still got time for a bite to eat. Lieutenant, I haven't eaten a thing since breakfast. Came to think of it, I didn't even eat then. Good. I know this deli. The guy who runs it, Max, a friend of my cousin, Sadie, he makes a lox and cream cheese platter you could die from. Lox? I-Is that something like gefilte fish? Mrs. F., for a bright woman, you have been leading a very uninformed life. Permit me the pleasure of educating you. [Chuckles] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 