Happy Valley: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Happy Valley 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Happy Valley (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 Eighteen months have elapsed. While investigating a bizarre case of sheep-rustling, Catherine discovers the corpse of prostitute Lynne Dewhurst, Royce's mother, whom she had warned to keep away from her grandson. Along with new recruit Ann Gallagher, Catherine joins the investigation. The woman has been killed and sexually assaulted. CID officer John Wadsworth, meanwhile, is more concerned with preventing his mistress, Vicky Fleming, from telling his wife Amanda about their affair, whilst Ann's father Nevison has to sack volatile employee Sean Balmforth, and Clare meets an old flame, Neil Ackroyd. Royce is given consolation in prison by besotted visitor Frances Drummond, to whom he suggests that Catherine killed his mother. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Sheep rustling? - Yeah. As in, "Yeehah!"? No, there were no cowboys involved. No, good point, that would have been cattle rustling. No, this is sheep rustling, North Halifax style, so there's just the one sheep and three lads off their heads on acid. Shit! Look at that! I managed to shoo them off, the dogs. Would you like a cup of tea? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah, tea, perfect. Thank you. You didn't? They'd mauled it, the dogs had, I had to. There was no way it was going to survive and it was obviously in distress. Can you really not find me a vet in the whole of Calderdale? - So you did it? - Well, that was the plan. Do you take milk and su...? No. Yeah, no, thank you. And yeah, go on, sugar, two sugars. One sugar. Thank you. And it made this noise, it was like... God knows, so then I had to do it again, cos it was still alive, and then... - seemed all right after that. - All right, as in dead? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm so thrilled you're finding this funny. - I don't know how you do it. - Farmer weren't laughing. They never do, do they, according to you. It's not the first time. Lads come up off the estate, off their heads on God knows what, and then they take one. Really? And what is it you think they do with 'em when they've got 'em? Sell 'em, eat 'em. God knows how. They're gimmers, they're not hoggs. They're for breeding, not eating. Meat'll be tough as an old boot. They wouldn't know that, though, would they? They're stupid. It's what happened next that was really comical. Well, I say comical. I'd been back at the nick maybe an hour, hour and a half. And there's another call. - Catherine? - Joyce? I think we may have entered the Twilight Zone. This is like some crazy weird shit, man. There's no external injuries. Happened they've been poisoned. So, OK, so I didn't mean comical exactly, I meant more ironic, the way it turned out. Nicky Baxter, the vet from Bolton Brow, he's managed to get up there sooner that he'd anticipated so he's given the sheep a fatal injection. I thought I'd finished the poor little sod off, but God knows, I mustn't have. So, the sheep's got pentobarbital seeping silently through its veins, and guess what? The dogs. Whether they're the same ones who mauled it in the first place or a whole new pack, they decide to have another go at it. And there's enough chemicals in the sheep by this point in the pantomime to knock out half of Huddersfield, never mind a handful of feral mongrels in Ovenden. - My God. - Anyway, I've had a tip-off by then about a couple of these lads who've nicked the sheep in the first place. - Have you got no humanity, yeah? You talking to me? We just wanted a bit of Sunday dinner. - It's Wednesday. - For his mam. She's starting chemo on Monday, you bitch. Just listen, shit-for-brains. It was me that had to put that sheep out of its misery, cos of you, so don't talk to me about no humanity! Get off me! I could have let them off with a stern word and a community resolution, thus helping Mr. Cameron and Mrs. May massage their crime figures. But they scored very poorly in the attitude test, and that... was when I smelt this... Well, I was going to say smell, but but the word don't begin to do it justice. It could've been anything. Fish, poultry, you name it, but whatever it was, it was well off. Happy Valley Season 2 - Episode 1 of 6 Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Sync: Marocas62 Don't start play on that PlayStation, Ben, your tea's nearly ready. It's my turn, it's not a game. - Is he crying? - Piss off. John, can you tell him not to turn it on again? And don't swear. This won't open. You heard what your mother said. You're not raiding your cupboard, you, five minutes before your tea. If he'd come off when he was supposed to, I would have had a turn by now. And it's not just what your mother says, your dad says it as well. - It's shit living here. - What have I just said about swearing? Dock his pocket money. "I am outside your house. "Come and meet me or I will knock on your door." - We still have. - It never worked, Mum. I don't even want any tea. What are you doing here? I've phoned you 16 times in the last five days. - I've left messages, I've left... - You can't come here. I thought you'd died! I thought you'd been in an accident. You know, I don't like doing this, John, I don't like coming here, threatening to knock on your door, but if you don't return calls or answer messages, what do you expect? People will read things into things, people aren't stupid. Look, work's mad. We're understaffed. I'm doing 15 people's jobs, I don't even know what week it is, but you can't be here. I've not seen you for three weeks, not properly. And then nothing. Jack shit for five days. You're overreacting, you're reading too much into stuff. - Well, people will. - Who are these people? Me! I should have rung, I should have texted. I'm sorry. As long as you're OK. As long as there's nothing up. I'm fine, there's nothing, I'm just snowed under, that's all. I'll ring you in the morning, all right? First thing in the morning... Well, probably be the afternoon. I miss you, that's all. I love you. Yeah, I'll ring you. Our Catherine had an exciting day at work. - Did she? - Yeah. She... found a dead body. - What? - She found a dead body. Well, is that unusual for a copper? Isn't that the sort of thing they do every day? No, not really. Actually find one. I don't think she's ever actually found one before. Except when our Becky died. Even then, it were Richard actually found her. Who was it? I think it was so badly... decomposed, they couldn't even tell what sex it was. Have you thought any more about tomorrow? - I think you're making a mistake. - We know what you think. You're starting a new job, you want your mind on it. This, the fella who didn't want me to join up. Been training for the last 12 weeks, I just want to get on with it. Forget everything they taught you in training school, because none of it works in the real world. Don't call me Catherine in front of the others, it's Sarge, not Ma'am. Inspector Taylor is Sir until you get your feet under the table, then you can have a crack at calling him Boss. You find yourself on the wrong side of him, he likes sherbet lemons. Sledge fancies himself a bit with the ladies, but if he comes on a bit strong, try and let him down gently. And get well in with Joyce, she knows everybody and everything and she'll never see you fast. If you don't understand something, ask me, ask her, ask anybody, but if you get an answer you don't like, don't ask 20 other people, trust your instincts. In my book, there's two instincts, fight or flight. And I know which one you've got from the way you refused to leave that cellar without me 18 months since, so have faith in yourself. You've got your smart book, or your not-so-smart book, as we fondly refer to them. Good morning, you lucky people. Got a new PCSO assigned to us today. This is Ann Gallagher, some of you already know her. I want you to go out of your way to make her feel welcome. Sit down. Pairing Ann with you today. - What about me? - I've got plans for you. I'm not really here, I just wanted to say hello. Joyce, we met before at her house. If you need anything, I'm at the front desk. What plans? Pin your lugholes back and you'll find out. I'm loving you and leaving you. There's always one! Good afternoon, Mr. Tekele. Sorry, Sarge. Baby's teething. First up, you'll have noticed there is nowhere to park this morning, cos we've got HMIT in the building. That's due to this body that was found, that I found yesterday. So your deployment possibly today, possibly tomorrow, possibly all week, is likely to be disrupted, cos chances are we'll be asked to join OSU in the house-to-house. Loving your enthusiasm. So, today, CCTV is a priority. Local authority cameras and any private security cameras in the immediate area. I want house-to-house, concentrating first of all on any flats, any houses overlooking the garage where the body was discovered. John, are you using divine inspiration over there, or are you going to start taking notes? - Sorry. - Right, we've got an ident on the DNA. The victim is a Lynn Dewhurst, 45 years old, address, 10 Bateman Street, King Cross. Convictions for soliciting, shoplifting and benefit fraud. Mike, can we get your team over to that address now? Get it secured, then I'll get a search team in there. Lynn Dewhurst? You know who that is, don't you? My God. Morning. - Morning. - Morning. - Morning. - Morning. That body you found yesterday. Yeah? It's Tommy Lee Royce's mother. No way. Somebody from HMIT will want to go through your first account with you in a bit more detail at some point today. You should make it clear to them then that you knew her. Yeah. How long had she been dead, do they know? Last sighted five or six weeks since. Time of death, at the moment, they can't be any more specific than between three and five weeks ago. Getting a search team to her house now, see what that throws up. OK, folks. I'm inside. Inside a big dirty stinking teapot, it feels like. Look at this place, Lily! It's so dark and depressive. How do you manage? Well, when we first moved in, this was the first room we were going to do, but it's just not happened... ..you've heard it before. The smell of fresh coffee... Tommy. Don't stand up. ..anybody in? Sorry, that was a bad joke because he's gone. But before he went, he did do this rather nice bathroom, Lily? Yeah, we're delighted with this... What are you watching? Just... Just crap. Is it all right if I... ..sit down? I like this, and I loathe it. What is that? Can I turn the sound down? I like it, because I like this fireplace. Something sort of Jane Austen about... You're looking troubled. OK. So... Yesterday afternoon, the body of a woman was found in a refuse area next to some flats in North Halifax. She'd been strangled and she'd been sexually assaulted. And what's it got to do with me? A DNA swab taken at the postmortem has indicated that the dead woman... ..is your mum. So, some detectives are going to come and speak to you... You're lying, you're lying. I'm sorry. I wish I was. Some detectives are going to come and talk to you later in the day. - And in the meantime... - But...why...? They'll ask you some questions. About her, I assume. Her lifestyle, people she spent time with, anybody she owed money to, anybody she didn't get on with. Anything that might indicate who would do something like this to her. Anything you can tell them that might help. And in the meantime, if you need to talk to someone... ..that's what I'm here for. And you know where I am. Are you all right? You know, phone call. It's just manners, is all I'm saying. Yeah, and you. Clare? It's me, Neil Ackroyd. - We went to Selby Bridge together. - Neil! How are you? Oh... How are you? Not so bad. Well, except I asked after a job in here two weeks since and he's never got back to me. Hopeless. He doesn't know which way is up, he couldn't organise a proverbial piss-up. I'd look elsewhere. Yeah, I'd have to, now. God, you know, I'd have walked past and not known you. How you keeping? - You know. - Do you live round here? Yeah, I've got a little flat in Rawson Lane. Not been there long, just a few months. Cos didn't you live up Queensbury? - Yeah, got divorced. - I'm sorry. - Yeah, yeah. Still, what about you, you married? - No. No... I've had a few...entanglements. But no, I live with me sister, our Catherine. Remember our Catherine? - I remember your Catherine. - Two years above us. - I was always terrified of her. - Yeah, I know what you mean! I thought you worked for t'building society? Yeah, yeah, I did for years, but, er... I had a bit of a difficult patch, all to do with the divorce, one way or another. - Blimey. - Yeah, yeah. Still. - I'm sorry to hear that. - It's smashing bumping into you. I've often thought about you. - Have you? Yeah. Occasionally wondered what you were up to. We're on Hangingroyd Street, me and our Catherine, number 29. If you're ever at a loose end and you fancy a cup of tea. I'm working a while, but I could pop my head in then? Today? - Obviously not if you're busy. - No, no, that'd be lovely. Right. I'd best get back. OK, great, thanks very much. Cheers. How long have you been doing the job, then? It's my first day. You've asked me that three times now. - Yeah, hi. - John? Can I ring you back? I'm right in the middle of something. I will ring you back, I just need a couple of minutes. Right, well... Make sure you do. I will, I will. Two minutes, all right? - OK, bye-bye. - Bye. Cup of tea? Bravo November 1, to all officers on guard. Just be aware that the SIO, Mr. Shepherd, is coming up to your location with a member from the press office. - Bravo November 1. - So, what have you learnt so far, then? Anything exciting? I think he's having an affair. - Probably. - His mind's not on the job. CID, they're all tossers. Why do we not like doing house-to-house, us wooden-tops? Why did they all groan when she announced it? Because... when do they come and help us out with our workload, eh? They don't. They think we're just there to support them and we're not. They sit on their fat arses all day, bending paperclips. It's true. Same rank as us, same pay as us, we do all the work, they get all the glory. Just remember who caught the Ripper. Two uniforms. And you're not a wooden-top, by the way. I'm a wooden-top, you're a plastic police officer. OK. - Hello? - Hi, sorry, it's me. It's wall-to-wall, honestly, I've not had two minutes to myself. OK. So... Look, this isn't why I haven't rung. I just think this isn't really what either of us thought it was going to be when it started. I knew sommat was up. I don't want to do this any more. Vicky? I kind of got that, I think, over the last few days. The pin has been dropping. - I'm sorry. - Yeah, well... - So am I. - Are you OK? OK, well... I've still got some of your things. - What things? - Bits, things that you left. I've got your warrant card. 'That one you lost, I found it under the bed a few days ago.' - Do you want it back? - Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah. - Right, well, do you want to come and fetch it? - What, to your flat? Actually, perhaps it would better to meet on neutral ground, in a pub. - Somewhere. - Yeah, yeah. This evening. I'll be up at Wheels at seven o'clock. I don't if I can do this evening, depends what time the boss lets us go. If you're not there, I shan't wait. I thought about this long and hard, and I'm sorry, but the upshot is I'm going to have to let you go. I've given you the benefit of the doubt time and again and now this. I've just spent an hour apologising. It was them that started off being rude and swearing, not me! It's their wall! You churned up the garden with a seven tonne truck! Do you expect them to come out and say thank you?! You know, just a bit of humility, when you've done sommat like that, is all that's required. They're ordinary people, they're nice people. They just wanted someone to say sorry. Are you even listening to me? Fine, fine. Pop into accounts, get your P45 off Janice. Go on. Go on. How's Mrs. Gallagher? She's... Did you recognise her? At the scene? No. Face was gone, it could have been a lad for all I knew. Soon as I realised what I was looking at, I got out of there and secured it. But you did know Lynn Dewhurst? Yeah, I knew Lynn. Yeah, she was Tommy Lee Royce's mother. What contact had you had with her? Recently? OK, well, I had had reason recently to warn her to keep away from my grandson. Becky, my daughter... She's dead, she died, took her own life. Well, Tommy Lee Royce was... He weren't the father, he raped her, he raped my daughter. Weren't convicted for it, but that's what happens, so. Anyway, Lynn found this out about 18 months ago, that Royce was Ryan's biological... And four, five, six weeks ago, down in Hebden, Ryan came home saying that he'd met this woman, this drunk woman, outside the shops, telling him that she was his grandmother. She didn't do anything, but the point was, there's a court order against Royce making any contact with Ryan whatsoever, either directly or indirectly. So I knocked on at her address with the intention of warning her off, but she weren't in. Or she weren't opening the door. So, I left a couple of messages on her answering machine, messages which may have sounded threatening, and which I assume you've got hold of. Which is, I assume, why we're here. What did you say in these messages? Warned her to keep away from him, I said, if she didn't stay away from him, she'd regret it. I said, if she came anywhere near our Ryan again, there'd be consequences, which there would be, as I say, there's a court order. And did you see Lynn again subsequently after you left these messages? No. Which phone did you ring her on? My landline at home. It's blocked. When, exactly, did you leave these messages? When this happened. Four, five, six weeks ago. Can you be any more specific? It was a Wednesday when she spoke to him, cos he was late and he has football after school on Wednesday, so I knocked on her door the next day... I'd been to Bradford. I'd been... ..to a child sexual exploitation seminar in Bradford. I was on my way back and I was passing, so I knocked. There you go, Thursday 14th July. And then, um... I rang her not long after, about 5:30-ish, and then, again, about an hour later. Can you remember why you left two messages? To get the message across. You could never be certain it had gone to the top floor with Lynn. Her brain was so addled with crap, and, and... And... I don't know, I suppose I was hoping she might pick up the phone the second time. You had no subsequent contact with her? You've already asked me that, Ma'am. No, there was no subsequent contact. OK. Look, Catherine. You used to work in HMIT, you know the procedure. You left threatening messages on her answering machine, and you found the body, so we have to eliminate you, that's all. At the minute, we're looking at a two-week period when the pathologist believes Lynn's death occurred and he won't commit himself to being any more specific given the condition her body was in. So, what I need you to do is to go away and look at your smartphone, your diary, your pocketbook, look at your work roster. Check your calendar at home and get back to us with as accurate an account, a chronological account, of what you were doing Saturday 23rd July to Saturday 6th August. You're not a suspect. Everyone was a suspect when I was in HMIT. Thanks for your time, Catherine. One flat we went in, there were dog turds on the floor. On the carpet, no bowl, they must pour the dog food straight out of the can onto the floor. Yeah, and they're the responsible ones. They're the ones that actually feed their pets. 99.9% of your time, that's the sort of people you'll be dealing with. People who live in houses where you have to wipe your feet when you leave. - You better get used to it. - God. You know what this detective I got paired off with said? The one that had his mind on higher things? Apparently, Lynn Dewhurst, he hadn't just strangled her, whoever did it. He'd raped her with a bottle, a broken bottle, like. Mutilated her. Internally. Why do you assume it's a man? It's not as uncommon as you might imagine. It don't leave any DNA, a bottle, and you know... Rape isn't about sex, it's about power. And it usually is a man, to be fair, in case I just put the wrong idea in your head. There's some sick little bastards out there. But you know that. See you tomorrow. Owen's at sixth form, he's over at Huddersfield College. He's doing reasonably well, he certainly seems engaged with it all, anyway. Samantha's in the middle of her GCSEs. I think she's more interested in lads, between you and me, but, you know, we live in hope. How often do you see 'em? Every other weekend, technically. I suppose they get to that age and they want to suit themselves, don't they? - I know I did. - Yeah, you were a rebel. Well, sort of. I tried to be. It were tricky. Me and our Catherine. I don't know if you knew this, but us Dad died when we were tiny, and then... us Mum died when I were 13, Catherine were 15, so... It's always been Catherine I've turned to if I've needed anything, she's always looked out for me. We have our ups and our downs, but she's a rock. If I have to tell you one more time about taking that bike to bits on the pavement, I'll do things with those spark plugs that'd bring tears to your eyes. Is there anything I said you're struggling with?! - Good. - Hey up! - Catherine. - Idiot... Do you remember Neil Ackroyd? We were at school together. - Hiya. - Hiya. Got that bike in bits again all over t'pavement, next door but one. We bumped into each other in Hebden, we've not seen each other since fifth form. Very good. You see? I've told him about not kicking it against Winnie's wall. Ryan! What have I said about not kicking your ball against Winnie's wall? - I'd best get off. - Yeah. - Well, it's been lovely to see you. - Yeah. If you can remember to put my name down on that list for an allotment, - I'd love that. - I will, definitely, yeah. I'll get us tickets for Cinema Paradiso, it's this Sunday, just around t'corner. Yeah, that'd be great. - Catherine, Neil's going. - Bye. Bye! Right, bye. What's up? Catherine? I'm all right. I'm just... What? What do I have to do? I've got the Queen's police medal for bravery, I've been to Buckingham Palace and I've shook the woman's hand. And now they're accusing me of strangling and bottling Lynn Dewhurst. Who are? Bottling?! This DI Jodie Shackleton. She's about 15. She's David Shackleton's daughter. - Who? - Chief Con. Guess how she shinned her way up the greasy pole. Hang on, what's that got to do with Lynn Dewhurst? It was her. That body I found. And they're not accusing me, they're trying to eliminate me, but you can see her thinking things with her little brain. Why? Why you? I found the body, I left threatening messages on her answering machine, I had a motive. But you didn't, did you? Did you? Are you seriously asking me that, Clare?! Sorry, no. I were... No. She's just doing her job. Yeah, but bloody hell. No, it's routine, it's procedure. Bitch. It's just not much fun being on the wrong end of it. - Lynn Dewhurst. - I know. I once snogged him. - Sorry? - Neil. After a disco at school. Down at t'bus stop in Selby Bridge. I always liked him. Shall we get a takeaway tonight? - I thought I was going to be late. - No. - Is that...? - Only if you want it. Yeah. I'm sorry for... I don't want you to think that... You know, when it started, I did mean all those things. I just... Well, you must feel the same. It wasn't, it just hasn't... Lived up to its early promise. ..become what I thought it would. Well, yeah, if you like. Well, that's not how I feel, John. For the record, I'm... Well, I'm disappointed. You couldn't wait to get away from her. I thought you were sick of her. And all I've got to comfort myself with now is the idea that two years with me and all it's done is make you realise she's just not that bad. It's not just... You know, it's complicated. With the kids, you know, three kids. It doesn't get any easier. Just gets more and more... We've had some good times. Haven't we? How do you know I'm not going to make life difficult for you? - Are you? - Why shouldn't I? Did you bring those things? Thank you. - We can still be friends. - Sure. - Can't we? - Sure. Hello, love. Can I stop here for a bit? Yeah, course you can. - What's happened? - She's chucked me out. Lucy, why? When did this happen? Last week. I've been at my dad's, only Rose got sick of me, which was entirely mutual. Then I've been at a bed-and-breakfast, but that's just made me feel even more shit, so. You're going to have to sleep on the settee. - That's fine. - Is it? - How permanent? - She reckons she wants a divorce. She won't talk to me. I keep knocking on the door. Her dad's changed the locks. That's my house! And he's been on the phone making threats. Well, why? - What's happened? - Nothing's happened! She's just got stupid ideas in her head, that's all. - About what? - Me. Ever since Daisy were born, she's been off her... flaming trolley. And now, she's just gone completely fruit loop. What's up? Daniel's going to be sleeping on the settee for a couple of nights. Do you want another one? No. No... No, I ought to be getting off home. You all right, John? Probably coming down with flu. OK. OK? God. Maybe it's because I've not eaten anything all day. - And then the beer. - Let's get you in the car. What's wrong with me? - Let's get you in the car. - Am I having a stroke? No, no. Let's just get you into your car. God, I don't think... - I don't think I can drive. - I can drive. - What's happening to me? - Just... Where's your keys? OK. - Morning. Want to...? - No, no, please. Following the meeting I had yesterday with the Assistant Chief Con and the SIOs in the other two investigations, it's been concluded that there is sufficient evidence, well... more than sufficient evidence, to link this operation with Operation Sycamore and Operation Livingston. The upshot, therefore, is that we are now looking at a serial offender. What that means in practical terms is that we're merging this investigation with the two teams looking at the two other murders and the investigation as a whole will now be upgraded to Cat A... You need to be listening. Not talking. Ladies and gentlemen, this is London King's Cross, where this service terminates. Please make sure you take all your personal items with you. Thank you. I can't believe you they told you something like that in such a matter-of-fact way. How else are they going to do it in here? It's appalling. I know she was what she was, but... - Well, it's still your mother, in't it? - Yeah. Of course it is. I've got this... this idea, in me head. - It's bugging me. - What? That fucking bitch! Cawood. What about her? They came in to talk to me, yesterday afternoon, these police. She'd been dead... five, six, seven weeks, Mum, they're not sure. Cawood rang my mum up, making threats. She told me, my mum did, I spoke to her, she were crying. She'd seen Ryan outside t'shop down Hebden, and she spoke to him, she said, "I'm your granny." That's all she said, "I'm your granny," and then Cawood's ringing her up making threats. I remember, you told me. Yeah, well, there you go, then she turns up dead, strangled. Mashed up inside with broken glass. You see, she's clever, this bitch. She's do something like that so everyone would go, "Well, a woman'd never do something like that to another woman." You see, I know how a bitch like that thinks. I said to them, I said, "Are you even questioning her?" What did they say? "All lines of inquiry are being pursued." Bollocks. They'll hide it, if it is her. They will cover it up. She's untouchable. She's... She's... She's ruined my life, and she's... She's untouchable. I love you. I know you do. It's OK. Tommy, it's OK. You wanted to see me? It's a serial killer, it's official. So I take it I'm off the hook? - You're joking. The thing is... - Tell me you're joking. - They've got specific times of death on the other two operations. So, if you can alibi yourself for those, you're laughing. I'm really seriously not even thinking about laughing. - It's routine, it's procedure. - It's wank, it's toss. You want the dates and times? No. - Shall I e-mail them to you? - No. Walking away won't make it go away. Catherine, where are you going? I'm going to strangle a few more prostitutes and stick some more broken bottles where the sun don't shine. You know that's not funny. Even in fun, that's not funny. Really? I thought it was hilarious! Catherine, just tick the boxes! Has anyone thought to go and talk to the girls on Stonyroyd Lane? Warn them to watch out for each other, not to go with anybody they don't know, etc, etc? Yeah, no, not yet, but we will do that, obviously. I'm going to e-mail you those dates. Yeah, good luck with that, sir. Cather... Sarge, it's Joyce. Joyce? There's a lady down here, Alison Garrs. She says she's the one whose sheep you put out of its misery the day before yesterday. She's coming. Morning. Look what they've done to Daryl. This is them lads that you let off with a caution. He went into the shop down Havenden, they started pushing him around. Making sheep noises at him. Ask Dave to come down and take a statement. I want a crime done for a section 39. Come on through. Come on, lad, we don't bite, I'm going to nip this in the bud. Come on. Go on. Hello, ladies. Hiya, Nat. How's things? How are you getting on at Lifeline? I don't like going. She don't like going. - It's full of smackheads. - Yeah, is it? They just keep you waiting for hours and stuff, and I said to this guy, "Look, love, time's money". It is, you know, to be fair. - You hungry? - I'm always hungry, me. I'm like a dustbin. She is, she's like a dustbin. You looking after yourself? Yeah, yeah, she's good, yeah. I keep an eye out for her. Why do they always put sweetcorn in with tuna, who invented that? Take them all between you, go on. - You sure, lovely? - Yeah. Thank you. Do you like my new eyeliner, Mrs. Cawood? - Yeah. - Isn't she pretty? Where'd you nick that from, then, Leone? - Boots. Boots's. - OK. Listen, you need to know, we've got a bit of a weirdo doing the rounds. He's killed three girls, women, one in Elland, one in Brighouse and another one two days ago up Ovenden. There's going to be an announcement later this aft, but he's targeting vulnerable people like yourselves. All right? And he's not just killing them, he's doing stuff to them. I can't really tell you what, I'll leave that to your imagination, but it's not much fun, so you need to be aware, all right? You need to have eyes in your backside. Leone, are you listening? Anyone who makes you feel uncomfortable at all. Yeah? Promise me that you'll... - Who's that? - Don't know. And it's been going on for months, she reckons. She thinks it were even going on before Daisy were born. I'm not saying owt to him. If he wants to talk to me, he'll talk to me. I'm not starting interfering in other people's marriages. Course. Whether it's true or not. Although, why would she make it up? I don't think she would. She might have got t'wrong end of the stick. We'll have to tidy out the spare bedroom if he is stopping. He's not camping out in t'sitting room for any length of time, it's not fair on Ryan, or us. - I could move out. - You're not moving out. It's more his home than mine, though, in't it, technically? Don't say that. Dad? Can I get a biscuit, Uncle Daniel? Yeah. Suppose so. You know where they are? - You want one? - No, thanks. Actually, I might have a beer, while Auntie Clare's out. Why can you not drink beer when Auntie Clare's in? Well, you can, but we don't, do we? - Because... - Why? She doesn't like it. Why? Well... Because she... - She's a... - Is she an alcoholic? Well, yeah. Yeah, she is. Was. Is. What is an alcoholic? - I've got a reservation. - Name, please? Drummond. Frances Drummond. Passed out? Yeah. Sitting at my desk, banging headache, no meal break, as usual. And I think I, yeah, just passed out. Well, then, you're working too hard. - You've got to tell him. - Yeah, that's going to go down really well. We're just kicking off this major investigation. Why did he keep you behind? Because, you know, I'm the only one that knows this particular aspect of telecoms. Which is what one of the big leads was yesterday. You should go and see t'doctor. Well, if it happens again, I will. You do look pale. I thought so when you came in. I'm going to make some coffee, do you want some? Yeah, go on. Hello? Yeah, yeah, sure, he's here. Who's calling? It's Vicky. From Forensics. Hello? I've just sent you a text, have you seen it? No. Please have a look. - Have you seen it? - What's this? What...? How have you...? What have you done, Vicky? I spent the last two years thinking I had things to look forward to, a future. A life not on my own. And now, I find I've got nothing. I downloaded all your contacts off your phone last night. Just after I took those photos. Your wife, your mum, your dad, your kids. Your sister, your brother. Your aunties, your cousins. Everyone you work with, your bosses, your colleagues. Everyone at the rugby club. Everyone at the Rotary. The bloke you bought your car off, your doctor, your dentist, your little Amber's piano teacher. - What...? - Someone you met at conferences you've probably forgotten. - The list is endless. - What do you want? Money. Only money. How much? £1,000 a month. - Going forward. - I can't, I can't, - I can't do that. - Cash, obviously. - I can't, Vicky, I can't! - I think you can, I think you might be foolish not to. First payment's due, shall we say, a week today? Where shall we meet? Yeah, perhaps you'd like to think about that. I do realise I'm playing with fire. With you being a policeman and everything. But perhaps you can take that as a measure of how upset, how messed around, how pissed off I feel! I also realise how easy it would be for you to tell someone at work. But please understand that, if you do, it will literally take me a matter of seconds to send these images to every single person in your address book. John. - No! - Yes! - No way! - Eat shit, Dan. Oi, hey! What would your granny say? That's what she says. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Sync: Marocas62 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 