Happy Valley: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Happy Valley 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Happy Valley (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 Catherine brings home Croatian Ilinka, one of several women rescued from human traffickers, and places her with elderly Polish friend Winnie before joining the house-to-house investigation of the serial killer who murdered three female victims. After his wife's death, Nevison reinstates Sean but Catherine suspects the young man of stalking prostitutes. She also attends Lynn's funeral, which Royce has been allowed to attend. He makes a scene and accuses her of killing his mother, a fact which does not please her superiors. Also present is Frances Drummond who, under an assumed name, has started teaching at Catherine's grandson Ryan's school. Returning home, Catherine argues with her sister, who has started drinking again, whilst John's attempt to end his affair with Vicky does not end well. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The victim is a Lynn Dewhurst. We are now looking at a serial offender. - Clare? - Do you remember Neil Ackroyd? We were at school together. We've not seen each other since fifth form. Lynn Dewhurst... Whoever did it raped her with a broken bottle and mutilated her. Now, they're accusing me of strangling and bottling Lynn Dewhurst. How do you know I'm not going to make life difficult for you? - What do you want? - £1,000 a month. - I can't, Vicky! - She's ruined my life. She's untouchable. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Right, take your seatbelt off. We're here. Here. Just along here. So you told him? You could have just said nothing. - He kept on at me, he kept asking. - And did you tell him the rest? "And she used to shoot crap up her veins" as well? No, of course I didn't! You know he's going to go repeating that at school? This is Ilinka. Ilinka, this is Daniel. Say hello. Hello. - And this is Clare. - Hello. Sit down. Sit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She doesn't speak any English, so... Tea. Do you want any tea? I've just boiled the kettle. Great. Some tea? Jako ste ljubazni. OK, yeah. So, Ilinka came into our nick this morning - try and smile - and she'd escaped from a house up Peveril Lane, where she was being kept prisoner, along with 21 other women who've been trafficked from Croatia. - You're kidding? - She's been shunted from one house to another for over four years. Eight of them in every room at this last place. She's been doing a ten-hour shift six days a week for £10 a week at Bowen's biscuit factory up Rastrick. - That's... - Slavery, yeah. Anyway, I got an interpreter on the phone - that took three weeks - then I got the OSU, spoke to the trafficking unit in Sheffield and we busted them out, the women. The only trouble now is housing them. Managed to get ten of them in at a women's refuge in Huddersfield, six have gone to a hostel in Leeds and five are at the Mission waiting for the council to sort out their flights back home and Ilinka's going to stay with... Winnie? Hi, it's Catherine. Do you want to come across? Yeah, she's here. I have indeed got the kettle on, Winnie. Ta-ta. I always thought Winnie were Polish. She's Yugoslavian... as was. What's up? He... has told our Ryan that I... am an alcoholic. It wasn't so cut and dried as that, as I have tried to explain. Nine years old, and he's telling him stuff he never needed to know. He asked. He used the word "alcoholic". - Did he? - I didn't... - I didn't know what to say. - When was this? Last week. It was when you were at the hospice - when Helen died. Right, well, tell him you misunderstood, you got the wrong end of the stick, and she's not. But that's... That's lying. He'll think I'm someone who makes stuff up. No, he'll think you're someone who gets the wrong end of the stick. He's not daft. In fact, he's the opposite of daft. He's very bright, he's very perceptive. And he'll know straightaway that I'm talking shite - sorry - and that'll just reinforce the fact that she is... Was... an alcoholic. It's only me! Come on in, Winnie. Where is she? Jadnice! Sto ti se dogodilo? Moram razgovarati sa svojom obitelji! Treba mi telefon. Da, da mozete doci kod mene kuci I koristiti moj telefon. Ova policajka je bila jako ljubazna prema meni. And it is just for two or three nights, till the trafficking unit sorts something out. She knows that. She's saying you're very kind. Mi cemo se brinuti o tebi, draga moja. And I am saying you're wonderful... as long as we all stay on the right side of you, cos, if we don't, you're a pain in the arse. HAPPY VALLEY Season 2 - Episode 2 of 6 Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Sync: Marocas62 Light left on in the bathroom, again. His bedroom light on, her bedroom light on. - I'm going back up there! - You're not up there now. - Who's left that? - He did. So what? I can't find my calculator. So don't pour so much cereal if you're not going to eat it! It's all to pay for - it doesn't grow on trees! He needs to calm down. I do not need to calm down! I need to not be surrounded by people who take the p... Who take the mickey all the time. - See you. - Yup. - What's up with him? - God knows. It's this killer, it's this bloke who's murdering prostitutes. They're tough jobs to work on, I suppose. I don't know. No need to take it out on us. In Calderdale in West Yorkshire, police chiefs have called for increased vigilance in the community following the linking of the murder of three women in the area over the last five months. Catherine, you're not going on the house-to-house, are you? No. That would be unethical, what, with me being prime suspect, etc. - Just checking. - They're going on the house-to-house, so, unless you can find any more staff, I'm going to arrest a 15-year-old at Salter Hebble High for dealing skunk behind the science block. OK, good. - Morning. - Morning. Morning. Do you know how it's grown? You don't know and you don't care, I know. I'm going to tell you anyway, because, you never know, it might serve as a wake-up call. They find a terraced house, rip everything out - including the bathroom, all the fixtures and fittings - and fill the whole place with cannabis plants. Then they employ a load of illegal immigrants - well, I say "employ", I use the term loosely - to chuck a load of seriously unpleasant illegal chemicals on them to make them grow far too fast. And not only that... Once they've ripped the bathroom out and there's nowhere to go and do the necessary, they shit on the plants. No, they really do. That's what you're dealing with here. That's what you've been handling. Human faeces. Get in, idiot. Catherine? - Boss. - You busy? - No. - OK. So, I've just heard, and I thought you'd like to know - the Home Office have given Tommy Lee Royce permission to attend his mother's funeral tomorrow, at the crematorium in Elland. I've just heard, just now, so I thought you deserved to know in advance, before you saw it on the news or in the papers. Right. Sit down, everyone. Now, this morning, I'm delighted to tell you that we have a new member of staff joining us. Miss Wealand has come all the way from Linlithgow in Scotland to take over from Mrs. Etherington as our new teaching assistant, and I'm sure you'd all like to join me in giving her a really big, warm welcome. One, two, three... ALL: Welcome to our school, Miss Wealand! Thank you, I'm delighted to be here. Is that an approved technique? For getting people out of bed, yeah. Do you enjoy this job? It's not all house-to-house. Only, you never look happy. If you had to lay your hands on £1,000, just like that, - what would you do? - Ask me dad. - What, and he'd just shell out? - He's a millionaire, so... - probably not. - Your dad's a millionaire? He's, like, so rich it's boring. So, how does he feel about you being a PCSO? You know. "Hundreds of millions of pounds spent on her education "and she wants to be a bloody policeman." Only not so polite. Why do you need £1,000? It's complicated. You're not exactly a barrel of laughs yourself, you know, kid. Yeah, well, it's my mother's funeral tomorrow. Is it? God. I'm sorry, I had no idea. - I haven't been advertising it. - You shouldn't be at work, Ann. I'd go mad at home. Was it sudden? Cancer. I'm sorry. I am sorry. You could always buy a lottery ticket. - You're joking. - Nope. - Sarge? - Yup. - How do you know? - Gorkem read it on the box, just before it got classified. She's been questioned cos she left threatening messages on Lynn Dewhurst's answering machine days before she died. That'll be why she's not been on the house-to-house. She can't do anything connected to the murder inquiry. - That's mad. It's stupid. - Yeah, but is it? - Lynn Dewhurst. - So what? She strangled her and stuck a broken bottle up her fandango. I'm not saying she did it. I'm just saying they questioned her over a week ago, and she still isn't being given any duties on the job. That's how she were the only one off on that raid yesterday - with the trafficking unit. - What raid? Yesterday! She tasered a bloke. Seriously? You people need to get your ears glued to the ground better. You tasered a bloke, Sarge? Food. I did, yeah. How much do I owe you? £2.25. What did it feel like? Good, yeah - given that, one minute, there's a bloke coming at you with a baseball bat, and, the next, he's flat on the floor, quivering like fucking jelly. We're here to help you. Sarge, Sarge, Sarge! Get back! Get back! Drop the bat! Taser, taser! Shit. Obviously, I was trying to shoot him in the chesticles, not in the family jewels. But you know... If you're going to wave a baseball bat around in front of a woman who's just completed her taser training, you're asking for a bit of excitement. Careful, Ann! Sarge's got a bottle in her hand, keep your legs together! Mr. Tekeli... Perhaps you'd like to take yourself outside and check the oil and water in all the patrol vehicles. Sorry. Were you in the middle of your dinner? Bad luck. Perhaps you'd like to clean your mouth out whilst you're down there. Ann, can you step into my office, love? - I need a word with you. - Yup. Chop chop! It were only a joke. Nobody in their right mind thinks that you did that. The Home Office are letting Tommy Lee Royce out for his mother's funeral... ..which is tomorrow. Your FLO will be in touch to tell you all this, but I heard, so I thought you ought to know. He'll be closely guarded, there'll be an armed escort, he'll be handcuffed at all times. They'll have done a full risk assessment and an operational order will be in place. He'll be in, out, and straight back to the same nasty little cell in Gravesend that he'll be occupying for the next 500 years. Where? Where's his mother's funeral? Elland. - Before...? - No, it's after. Later in the afternoon. - Right. - You won't see him. I said I don't need any help. You do need help, love. You need all the help you can get with your reading. I don't, not if I'm going to play for Man City. I told her. I said... I spelled it out for her. Did you, indeed? - Hi. - Hi. - She talks funny, and all. - Funny in what way? - She's Scottish. - Who is? - His new TA. - Miss Wealand. Well, it sounds to me like she's trying to help you, - so you just try and be nice to her. - I hate reading. Winnie wants you, before you start pouring yourself any tea. Don't do that, love. - Only me, Winnie. - Here she is. Now, then, Catherine... - Catherine. - Thank you. - Thank you, Catherine. - How's she been? She's been absolutely fine. Good, good. Did you want to see me? Look at this. To je Aurelijina odjeca. Moja prijateljica Aurelija. - She had this friend, Aurelia. - Aurelija Petrovic. They were shunted from one house to another every few months by these people, these men, but they always managed to stay together, her and Aurelia, and they became very close. Aurelia, as well as working at the biscuit factory, she... They... - They made her... - Prostitution? Da. Then, one day, she thinks about 12 or 13 weeks since, she never came back, and she has not seen her since. And these - and she seems very certain about this - are her clothes. The girl they never identified. She says they didn't have many clothes, any of them. - Aurelia? - Petrovic. OK. Tell her... We're going to have to go back down to the station and talk about this to the team working on the murders. Catherine, zeli otici u Sowerby Bridge s tobom njom i razgovarati o ovome sa ljudima koji istrazuju ubojstvo. - Policijom? - Da. Ne, ne, ne, ne. She does not want to talk to the police. - Why? - Knezenvici ce me ubiti. She says the Knezevics will kill her. She's mentioned these "Knezevics" more than once. How? How did she mention them? Well... Just as a threat. Did she see any of the Knezevics? Ask her. Jeste li ikad vidjeli neku od Knezevica? Ne, ne, ali jedan od njih je dolazio u kucu ponekad spavati s Aureliajom. What? One of them used to come to the house, to... ..do the business with Aurelia. But she never saw him. Who are they? The Halifax mafia. Of course it'd be the Knezevics trafficking women. That'd be... right up their alley. Tell her...this is murder... ..Knezevics or no Knezevics. In fact, good - anything we can get on the Knezevics, we have to report it. We have to do it for Aurelia... ..and we have to do it now. I don't know why they won't let me sit in and translate for them. It's protocol, Winnie. They'll have me written off as senile. Do you want me to take you home? No, no, no, no. No, no. I'll wait for her. Poor lass. How do they get into... a pickle like this? Do you really want to know? Now you'll think I'm senile. They promise them a better life, and a job. Then, when they get here, they take their passport and their papers, siphon off their wages... ..tell them they're sending it all home to their families, along with any letters they write - which, of course, they aren't - and they don't know any better. The penny only drops months later, when they've never had any letters back from their families. And then, when the penny does drop, there's very little they can do about it... because the only people they've had any contact with are the ones that trafficked them in the first place, and each other. - It's evil. - Yep. Well, if you know damned well it's these Knezevics doing it, - why don't you arrest them? - Winnie... They're clever, clever... bastards. It's one thing knowing somebody's done something. It's a different kettle of fish having the evidence to arrest them for it. How... How did she escape? She was on a fag break from Bowen's biscuit factory. Ilinka Morati mi pomoci! Ako me uhvate ubiti ce me! Molim vas pomozite mi. Language line. They don't run, normally, because they've got no idea where they are, and they don't speak any English, and they're terrified. So, effectively, they're trapped. All they know is where they live and where they work. They're taken there and back in a minibus every day. That's all they know. That's their life. She got over the wall and just ran and ran and ran. She'd got no idea where she was going to, and, if they'd caught her, they'd have beaten her black and blue. Sergeant Cawood. - Is this Mrs. Babic? - Winnie. Andy Shepherd, Detective Superintendent. We're very grateful to you, Winnie. This has opened up whole new lines of inquiry for us. - I wanted to say thank you. - It's my pleasure. Can I have a word? Ilinka's concerned that she may have been followed - here, to the nick. - How, sir? - I don't know, but you let her go outside for a comfort break, yesterday afternoon? - Yeah. - She thinks she saw a car, which disappeared as soon as whoever it was driving it saw a uniform. - Really? - Yeah. So, the concern is that, if she's right, whoever it was may have followed you when you drove her back to your house later in the day. - Shit. - Yup. But I'd have noticed, I'd have seen if somebody had followed me. How sure can you be? It isn't as if you were looking for it, is it? So, what you've gone and done, inadvertently - and I'm sure with the best of intentions... No... There was nowhere else to take her. Nowhere else had any space. What you've done is put that little old lady in there in a potentially very vulnerable and dangerous position. If it's who we think it is, these people don't muck about. If they think Ilinka's told us stuff that could compromise them - and she has - they'll kill her. They'll put a petrol bomb through the door, they'll do something. I've contacted the security people. They're going to put a CP alarm in Winnie's house. They're going over there right now, they'll be there when you get back. I'm not going as far as an Osman warning - I don't want to freak her out - but perhaps you could explain to Winnie what they're doing without causing her any more alarm than we need to. Yeah. And do yourself a favour, Sergeant. Hurry up with your alibi for either of the first two murders, and then we can eliminate you. No-one is doing this to embarrass you, Catherine. It's ticking boxes. We all know it's ridiculous - you've got the QPM, you're a credit to the police service. We all know you're not a killer. Please, just do it. OK? Sir. Shit. You all right? - Dad? - Yep. You coming downstairs? In a minute. People keep asking after you. I wish we didn't have a full house. Yeah. Well... ..they'll all be gone after tomorrow. And then it'll be just you and me. I'm sorry we don't always see eye to eye, because I do love you, you know? And I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. I sacked this fella at work the other day. It's been bothering me. - What did he do? - He made a mistake and then he didn't handle it so well and I had to pick up the pieces, so I gave him his marching orders. - So? - So... So, your mother would have persuaded me to give him another chance, even though he's had loads already. You see, she never gave up on anyone, your mum. She never stopped seeing the good in folk. It's Tommy Lee Royce's mother's funeral tomorrow. They're letting him out. It's at Elland. I know. Alec rang. The Family Liaison Officer. I had to do house-to-house on Bateman Street this morning. - Up King Cross. - They should never have made you go up that street. I'm not scared of that street. And I'm not scared of him. I'm not scared of anything. - See you later. - Goodnight. Drive safely. So, you know where I am. And I'll sleep in our conservatory tonight, then I'm handy. Don't be so damned silly, you'll freeze. Tell her to get some sleep. - Catherine kaze san. - Not to worry... - I ne brinite. - ..about anything. - I'll tell her, I'll tell her, I'll tell her. - I'm sorry about this. You get some sleep yourself, lady. - Night-night. - Night-night. Lock this door. I thought I might leave it wide open and put a sign out. "Traffickers this way"! And an arrow. Yeah, OK. Night-night, Ilinka. Night-night. Night-night. Good morning. Morning, boss. I've come to let you know you've been given permission by the Home Office to attend your mother's funeral. - When? - Today. You'll be leaving in half an hour. You'll be driven there under armed escort. You'll be handcuffed at all times. OK? You came straight here from court after your conviction, so I'm assuming you've got a suit of some sort? Yeah, yeah... They took it off me... I've sorted that out. I'll leave it with you. You all right, son? Tea? I got the note. Why? I didn't want to disturb you... No, I don't mean "why did you leave a note?", I mean "why are you sleeping in the conservatory?" Oh. Winnie. We put an alarm in her house last night, in case anybody unsavoury followed Ilinka. So...I just thought I'd keep an eye out. - You never knock off, do you? - I shouldn't have brought her here. Well, I should, because she needed to be somewhere, and I don't think they did follow her, but... I was stupid not to think about it. He's gone - Neil. He starts his shift at the shop at half past six. I had a really good chat with him last night. - Is that what it was? - I told him... I've got a bit of history. It turns out he does too. - I know. You know? A couple of drunk and incapables, yeah. I PNC'd him. I didn't think you were supposed to do that. - We're not. - Not for personal... It's a sackable offence. Don't tell him. Why didn't you tell me that you knew? I didn't know whether you'd want to hear it or not. - When was this? - Five or six years ago. You see, that's when his marriage broke down. It sounded awful. He had a good... I mean, a really good job at the building society. And then he got involved with this woman... And you're whiter than white, aren't you? - Why did you PNC him? - I don't know, instinct - the way he flinched when I took my coat off and he saw my uniform. Anyway, it all got very unpleasant, and she started making threats... Did she boil his bunny? I don't know, but it all became known. She told his wife and his kids and he had a breakdown. A proper, real deal, nervous breakdown. He couldn't speak. He lost his family, his house, his job, his self respect. Everything. So, he ended up drinking... ..and that must be when that happened, when he hit rock bottom. - Does he drink now? - No. - How do you know? - He told me. He's a good person, Catherine. He always was. At the time of her death, Aurelia Petrovic was living at 58 Hibernia Street in Boothtown. She was, according to Ilinka, 34 years old. Ilinka also told us that she came from a village called Ivanec in Northern Croatia and that she has a mother and a sister there. So, let's get hold of Europol. Their ground officers should be able to help us trace her family. I want as much information on the family as possible. When did they last have any contact with Aurelia? I want detail. The Hibernia Street address has been secured as a potential crime scene and CSI are en route. Let's see what that throws up. Let's liaise with the ops room for the Peveril Lane raid, because they should be collating full profiles on the women found there and this could be crucial to our investigation. If Aurelia was trafficked, I want to know when, who by, and what she's been doing since she entered the UK. Who lived at 58 Hibernia Street? Who visited? Who owns it? "I am not going.... "to ask... "you again, George... "said...Granny." My granny doesn't look like that, like a little old woman. She'd know how to deal with this George lad better, and all. - What does your granny look like? - She's a policeman. - Woman. - Is she? She chases scrotes and druggies and nutters. What about your other granny? - I haven't got another one. - Your dad's mum. We don't talk about me dad. And anyway... How did you know Granny isn't me dad's mum? I didn't tell you that. I must've just made a lucky guess there, Ryan. Come on, bit more. Why are you all dressed up? You're very good at diversion tactics, aren't you? Am I? I'm dressed up because I'm going to a funeral this afternoon. So is my granny - and my Auntie Clare. Is she? Are they? I wanted to go as well so I wouldn't have to come to school, but they wouldn't let me. Did you know Helen as well, then? Helen? No. No, I'm going to someone else's funeral. Whose? You didn't know her. I said, "Stop being a push-over, you pillock. "You've got to take decisive action. "You can't let yourself get bullied like this. "You're a copper, for God's sake - "a bloody goodone and all". I do realise I'm playing with fire, with you being a policeman and everything. Hello? Hi. It's me. I've... You're right. You're right, I should leave her. I should have left her years ago. So...I'm going to go round this afternoon... Well, this evening, after work, and I'll get my stuff and... that's it, I'll tell her. Then I'll be round at yours. Is that all right? Well...yeah. Yeah, yeah, of course. - Great. - Well, you must feel relieved, - now you've made that decision. - Yeah, yeah, I do. What time will I see you? Shall we say half seven-ish? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'll cook. Great, that's fine. Great. OK. Bye. There will be a memorial service, a proper one, at the Minster. Got the date sorted on that. That's all. Mr. Gallagher. Sorry, Nev, to interrupt. I just wanted to say how sorry I am. I tried to catch your eye at the crem, but obviously you had a lot on your mind, and I realise you probably might not want me here, but I just wanted to say sorry, again, about that other business. Sean... What am I going to do with you? Eh, lad? - Who's that? - That is Sean... Somebody who works for Nev. He's been inside. He used to hang about at the Mission just after he got out. Helen got him on the straight and narrow and he's been working for Nev ever since. Balmforth! Sean Balmforth. What? I was down Stoneyroyd Lane a couple of days ago, warning the girls to be extra vigilant with this bastard out there doing what he's doing, when this van came creeping along. Then, when whoever it was saw me, they sped off. So I PNC'd the vehicle, and that was the name that came up as the owner - Sean Balmforth. You see, that were the thing with Helen. Just occasionally, there'd be someone come along, and you'd think, "I wouldn't touch that bastard with a barge pole". But she never thought like that about anyone, ever. Look, I've got to go. I've stuff to do. This is your crowd. You stay here. I'll pick you up later. OK if I take the car? I don't actually know that many people... Yes, you do. Liz is here. OK, but if I get bored, I'll need picking up sooner. - I am coming back. - I thought we were stopping. I'm just going to slip out. I am the resurrection and the life, says the Lord. Those who believe in me, even though they die, will live. ..who died and was buried and rose again for us. Unto Him that is able to keep us from falling, and to present us faultless before the presence of His glory, with exceeding joy, to the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. The Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen. What's that fucking bitch doing here? Who let that bitch in? She killed my mother. You killed my mother, you filthy bitch! I know what you did! You're going to get what's coming to you, you filthy fucking whore! Get off me, you bastards! You're going to get what's coming to you! You filthy fucking whore! Get off me, you bastards! Get off me! She killed my mother! Get off me! You filthy bitch! Get off me, you bastards! - Hiya. - Where are you? Nowhere. It's my day off. Why, where are you? I do my best for you, you know, Catherine. What the hell did you go there for? I don't know. To make sure. - What?! - I don't know. Right. Well, I've just had my arse kicked by the Super for not explaining to you beforehand... if you were so much as thinking of turning up there today, it would be considered grossly inappropriate. Yeah, piss off, whatever. Also... Are you listening? Also, you've still not alibied yourself, and turning up there at the victim's funeral has not helped your case one jot, one iota, one tiny little bit. I haven't got a case. This is really serious, Catherine. You have got a case to answer! You found the body, you made threatening phone calls, you had a motive, and now you've turned up at the victim's funeral! - What motive? Revenge - against Tommy Lee Royce. You've demonstrated very, very poor judgment going there today. Catherine? Yeah, I'm still here. Right, well, stop pissing about and get yourself eliminated. I can't. I've checked everything. My calendar, my pocket book, my smartphone, the roster, everything. There's nothing. I wasn't doing anything with anybody who can give me an alibi on those days, so... I mean, I probably was, but I've no record of it, all right? Boss? Mike? Hey, Dad. You can have an apple and that's it, OK? you're back! I've been called out on obs. We're following a suspect. Right. How are you feeling? Yeah, I'm fine. It might be two days. Hopefully not. If it's going to be any longer than that, I'll let you know. - You need to catch this bastard. - Yeah, we will. - Right, see you. - Bye. Ta-ta. Where's he going? Work. Always work. So, how's this going to work? I mean, I have to be frank - I don't feel much like being intimate... with the threat of those pictures of me out there somewhere in the ether. So, what did she say? Amanda, when you told her. She said she knew. She said she'd known for a while - well, suspected. - Did she want to know who I was? - Yeah. - Did you tell her? - No. I know you're worried about the children, but we can make it work. You can bring them here. - There's not room. - Yeah, obviously. We'd have to get somewhere bigger. At some point, yeah. You will have to give me the phone, and anywhere you've backed them up. I mean, we have to have that trust back. Don't we? Well, I have to. So, she didn't go mad? She didn't make a big scene in front of the kids? No. I wonder why... Maybe it hadn't sunk in yet. I don't know. Maybe she didn't want to make a scene in front of them. - She didn't follow you, did she? - I doubt it. I made a moussaka. There you go. You snuck off. I had things to do. Is Clare about? I think they're in the garden. Her and Ann. I think they're having a cigarette. She thinks... ..I don't know she smokes. Ann, not Clare. I know she smokes. Clare? Shit, she's here. - Evenin', all. - Finally. What's going on? What are you doing? It's OK, calm down. I just... I just needed something to blur the edges. - Anyway, where did you disappear off to? - How much has she had to drink? - I don't know, I haven't been counting. - Don't start. - Don't start? - She's allowed a drink, it's a funeral. Do you want to get in the car? Come on, Catherine, she's not 15. Yeah, come on, Catherine. No, no, no, no, no, no... - Put it down. - I don't need it. - Good. Put it down. - Why don't you chill? Today of all days, to fall off the wagon. Helen would've been really proud of you. Don't throw that out at me. That's below the belt, that is. Right, well, what would she have said? - Come on, put it down. - I've been very upset today. I know you've been upset, but you can make the right decision, right now, not to let this go any further. When did she start? Can we not talk to me like I'm about six, please, or not even present? - Clare's an alcoholic. - I didn't know that. That's right, go on, embarrass me. When did she start? - She's not had tonnes. - Who's "she"? The cat's mother? I don't want to embarrass you, Clare, I just want you to not let this go any further than it has done already. I just want you to put that down and I want you to get into the car. Please? Do you want me to treat you like I'm your sister and I love you, or do you want me to treat you like I'm a police officer? Which I will do, if I have to. - I've not done anything illegal. - Yes. But, if you carry on, you and me both know you probably will. Well... I need a wee before we go, anyway. Right. I'm sorry, Catherine. I had no idea. She'll go through your fridge, she'll be in your cupboards, finding things to take home with her. Fuck. Yeah. Here. Thing is, though, how do I know you haven't backed it up somewhere else? Because I'm telling you. Anyway, it doesn't matter now, does it? You're here. You made the decision to come here. That's all that matters. Even if I had backed it up - which I haven't - as long as you're here, it wouldn't matter. What if I walked out? Would you suddenly remember that you had backed it up somewhere? - Are you going to? - No. Well, then...! - So, have you? - Have I what? - Backed it up somewhere? - No. Of course you have. I'm not stupid. I only used that phone to take the photos and e-mail them to you, so... Well, yeah. Technically, I could've e-mailed them to my own e-mail address as well - and any number of other people - and backed them up. But I didn't. You're going to have to trust me, John. - Trust you?! - Yeah. You do realise...you could've killed me with that bloody drug? Where did you get it? The internet. Cooked up in someone's back yard? Full of shit?! I could be dead. So I wish you had killed me. Look, we can either... Have you any idea of the misery I've been through in the last ten days? Look, we can keep going over this, or we can move on. I might need to destroy your computer. You're not destroying my computer. - Did you send them to anyone else? - No. Did you? No. Pudding? Stop it! Don't you dare touch my things, you pig! You... bitch! You've had that coming! Calm down... Stop it. Get off! Calm down... Get off! You get off! Get off me! Get off me...! Get off me! Get off me! Get off! I'll scream. I'll scream, John! You're hurting me! You shouldn't have done it! You shouldn't have done it, you shouldn't have done it! They didn't know that she shouldn't drink. What's she doing now? I've no idea, but at least she's in. Unless she's shinning down the drainpipe. I'm going outside for a fag... ..if that's all right with the Gestapo? Where's she going to go? It's gone 11 o'clock - she'll not get served anywhere. What's she doing? She's just lighting up. She'll go down the Jockey's. They stay open all hours. I thought they closed that down. She's just smoking. Mum. - Clare? - Fucking hell! - Clare! - Can you not leave me alone? - Where you going? - I'm not going anywhere. - I'm coming with you. - OK. - I know where you're going. - Whatever. - Don't do this. - I need some space, I need for you to stop pestering me, Catherine. - What about Neil? - What about him? You see, this is what it does to you - it makes you selfish and small-minded and unpleasant, - and that isn't you. - You don't like him. - I never said that. - You PNC'd him! People don't need to say things, you can still tell what they're thinking. Just one day - just for one day - will you stop going on at me?! No, Clare, this is the day I need to go on at you! Please. Please, don't do this. I'm saying it because I love you. I'm begging you. I'll beg. I'll beg. I'll do anything. I'll be fine. Tomorrow, I'll start again. No, tomorrow, you'll need another drink. - If you drink now, you'll need more later... - Will you shift? I'm sick of you! With all your holier-than-thou police bollocks shit! If you go down to the Jockey's, one thing will lead to another. You know what I'm talking about - there's nothing you can't buy down there. You're not in charge of me, Catherine! Just get out of my life! Go away. Go away! Right, well, that's it, then. The door will be locked when you stagger back, and you can bang as loud as you like. You'll not get back in. - OK. - I'll leave all your belongings and your bits and pieces on the street outside the front door. - Whatever. - And remember - there's a fella out there murdering and mutilating vulnerable women wandering about at night on their own. Shit. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Sync: Marocas62 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 