Happy Valley: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Happy Valley 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Happy Valley (2014–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 Catherine interviews a prostitute who has survived being attacked by Sean Balmforth, who is subsequently arrested and charged as being the serial killer whilst vulnerable young farmer Daryl Garrs is also taken in for hitting out at the thugs who stole his mother's sheep. Catherine is shocked when, on grandson Ryan's birthday, he receives a lavish present, purportedly from his father Royce, which allows Drummond to suggest to the boy that he is anxious for forgiveness. In fact Royce wants a more direct revenge. As John's wife throws him out Neil tells Clare that he once had an affair with Vicky Fleming and believes her murder to be different from the others. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I know him. He's the bloke they let out on bail yesterday. Look what they've done to Daryl. This is the lads you let off with a caution. Come on. I'll nip this in the bud. - I will scream. - You shouldn't have done it! We've got a bit of a weirdo doing the rounds. He's killed three girls. You need to be aware, all right? - Leonie, are you listening? - Yeah. Are we looking at the same killer? Yeah. Not as frenzied. But, yeah. You killed my mother, you filthy bitch! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're going to get what's coming to you! - Do you want to go for a drink sometime? - OK. She is poison. She needs putting out of her misery, that one. I know we try not to have nasty thoughts, Frances, but... It's very good of you to turn out in the middle of the night. - It's fine. - It's just...those other two didn't seem to take it seriously at all. She's here, love. And they were both women. They're Specials, part-timers, If it's who I think it is. Course, my first thought when she rang me was, "Well, what if it's him?" So why weren't they thinking the same thing? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, God knows. Hello, Leonie. He would have strangled her, if she hadn't managed to raise the alarm, and if this other lass hadn't been just round the corner. Tell me about this other lass. Kelsey. She just lives up the road. I can give you her number. It was her that rang 999. Have you got something I can write with? Leonie, listen, love, listen to me. You're doing really well, you're being really brave. So what's going to happen now is I'm going to take a few details... - Will this do? - Ta. ..and then I'm going to take you down to the station with me. You need to make a statement. Leonie, look at me. Annette can come with us if you like. Would you like that? One of the officers... One of the other officers, I can't do it, because I'm not on duty, but it'll be a woman, it won't be a man, she'll need to go through the early evidence kit with you... That's like your swabs and everything. ..and then we'll take you over to Bradford. There's a proper unit there, where they can look after you and someone'll see to you, a doctor. They'll make sure that you're safe and you're comfortable. I've sat her on a plastic bag and then... I'm thinking evidence. Can you talk me through what's happened? I need to hear it from Leonie. Just... I were on Stoney Royd Lane... ..and there were three of us. And he come along in his van. And I said, I told him... "It's £5 with, and without, it's double." So he knew. And he said he were fine with that, so I got in and we went down to the cricket club, the car park. He stank, he'd been drinking. They all do. And then when he gets going, he decides he wants to do it without. They do that. So I said, "You have to pay me up front." And he goes, "I'll pay you after," but they only ever say that when they haven't enough. I said, "Well, it's not happening, then." But...you know... And I couldn't stop him. I was struggling but then he had his hand on my throat. He's pressing down on me, he's inside me without a condom and I can't breathe. And he's a big fella and I can feel meself going red in t'face. And he goes, "If you don't stop wriggling, I'm going to shove "a broken bottle up you." Did he indeed? God knows how, I managed to press my stiletto into t'steering wheel and it were more by luck than management, but it made the horn go... ..and that shocked the bastard. Shocked me. Then...he smacked me in the face and he's spitting and calling me all the usual, and he's going, "Get out, get out!" - like nasty, and... - And that's when Kelsey turned up. She offered to go to t'hospital with her but these two... And he's just driven off, then, or what? Yeah, when Kelsey started banging on t'window. These two uniforms, or specials, whatever, they're saying, "No, we're not going to take you, "we'll take her because we're not a taxi service." Did you tell them what he'd said to you? - They didn't ask. - They didn't take a statement, they didn't write owt down. Basically they're saying, "Oh, right, love, has he not paid you, then? Boo-hoo." So did either of you... of you or Kelsey recognise him? Is he someone you've been with before? No, but she's got his number. His registration number. Show her. What sort of vehicle did you say it was? - A white van. - A van. I'm going to take a photo of your arm on my phone and then I'm going to take you down to the station in my car, it's just outside, 15 yards down the road. - Can you manage that? - It won't be... It won't be what, love? Taking swabs. It won't be them two? It's not going to be those two that just dumped her on the doorstep at the hospital, and said, "If you're still insisting in the morning "you've been raped, come back and report it, then"? No. No, it won't be them two, Leonie. I'll be dealing with them two. HAPPY VALLEY Season 2 - Episode 4 of 6 Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Sync: Marocas62 You're back. You've been out for a pizza and now you're playing pool. - Hiya, Sarge. - Do you want some? Shall I tell you what I'VE been doing? I've just briefed the night crew on an arrest strategy for a fella that's raped and assaulted a 19-year-old. They've just gone to pick him up just now. She's gone off to the OPAL Unit in Bradford, so we can get her properly examined, and now I'm going to wake Mr. Shepherd up and tell him I think he might want to look at this bloke because he might - just might - be the twisted little bastard that's been killing prostitutes. - Really? - So what I want to know from you is... Yes, really. What I really want to know from you is, when you were called out to assist her, why you did the absolute minimum required and why her friend's ringing me at home at four o'clock in the morning to come out and do your job for you. - We were just... - You dropped her at the hospital doors. You didn't even see her inside. She didn't go in after you'd left. She was too upset, she was too frightened. She stood in the cold for an hour-and-a-half, frozen rigid, waiting for a bus to get home. We were always told to take anything they said with a pinch of salt, and it's been a busy night. We're only just on our meal break and we're knocking off in an hour. "They"? Prostitutes? We're talking about a vulnerable 19-year-old. Her face was bruised, her neck was bruised. - That ain't someone crying wolf. - It was dark. You didn't even take a statement. I'm just ignoring that. No, I'm not. You've got a torch, haven't you?! I've had a go at the night sergeant for sending a couple of hobby-bobbies out on a job that needed somebody with the proper skill set and a bit more wool on their backs. And I know it's been a busy night but, for God's sakes, there's somebody out there targeting prostitutes. Did you not think? You know, you lot, you come in and you give us four hours a week, if we're lucky. If you can be bothered. The least you could do when you get here is engage. I'm sorry, Sergeant. Right. I'm going home for 40 minutes to say happy birthday to my grandson, get changed, then straight back here in time for the eight o'clock shift. I'm not reporting you to professional standards, although God knows why - I should be doing. But, please, just learn something from it. You'll need to make statements. Both of you. Where've you been? Oh, I got a phone call. This lass got raped. - What lass? - 19-year-old, down in Sowerby Bridge. Well, what were the night crew doing? It's long, it's complicated. What you doing up? I couldn't sleep. And then I heard you set off. I thought you'd gone up to Heptonstall to be with Becky. No. No. I always think about you on his birthday. I know you do. We'll get through it. We'll get through today and then we'll get through the next few weeks. And then... Big smiles. Big smiles. Shut up! Neighbours'll complain. - So what? Good. - Are you going to open the others? Or are you just going to spend the rest of your life balancing on that? - Can I go to school on it? - Uphill? - Does that work? - It's not ALL uphill. No. If you're going in the opposite direction, it's downhill. Stop trying to blind everybody with science. Going to open your cards? They might be stashed with moolah. - Who's this from again? - I've no idea, I told you. It was on the doorstep, 6:30 this morning. It's big. I can tell you that much. Let's get ripping, I've got to go to work in five minutes. - This is from me. - I know what that is. The sort you asked for. Took me best part of a week to wrap that up and I got through about 16 rolls of Sellotape. Who's this one from again, Gran? I've just said, I don't know, it was on the doorstep. Rip it! Blimey! My God! Look at that. I think that might be from me. - Is it? - Yeah, yeah. I got up early specially to go and put it outside. - He's lying. - Actually, I think it might be FOR me. I think they've put the wrong name on by mistake. I think they've got our birthdays mixed up. That's... Who's it from? I'm going to start speaking Urdu soon, then people might understand me better. - We don't know. - Calm down, dear. Wasn't there a card with it? No. Not unless next door's cat's had it. You know, that's about, like, 150 quid's worth of kit, that. Nevison. Nevison Gallagher. Sean Balmforth. Date of birth - 17.11.85. 29 years old. Address - 34 Burley Road, Illingworth. He's got a string of convictions and he's on the Sex Offender's Register. Unlawful sexual intercourse with a 14-year-old. That was ten years ago. His van's been seized in connection with the assault and rape of this girl in the early hours. Forensics are across it, I've spoken to the supervisor and they're aware we're looking at him for other things. On an initial visual inspection they've told me they've found rope in the back. Nylon rope. Three separate lengths. There's also a couple of bags of rubbish in there, containing - amongst other things - a number of beer bottles, some of which are of the same brand as those found at the site where Ana Vasalescu was found and where Vicky Fleming was found. So, once they've charged him over this business this morning we'll step in and see if he'd like to have a conversation with us. Arresting him? I'll run everything past the CPS and, depending on what else we dig up between now and then... yeah. We've got reasonable grounds. I've got POLSA going through his house on a Section 18, we'll get his phone back from the OPAL Unit as soon as they've got what they want from it. Let's start tracking his movements over the last five months, working backwards. I want to know everything there is to know about this fella. I want a list of all his contacts, his family, his friends, I want a picture of his daily routine, his lifestyle, any employment, any access to other vehicles besides this one we've seized. Bank details, where's he drawn money out and when? John, Steve, Jodie, can we talk through an interview strategy in my office in a minute? John, have you got a second? Telecoms found your name and number in Vicky Fleming's mobile phone. Do you know? I had a funny feeling. I wasn't certain. But... two years, eighteen months since? I was working on a fraud investigation up at the building society and she was... she was the point of contact. So, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'd have given her my number. Blimey. Mind you, who haven't I given my number to over the years? I don't think I spoke to her more than once or twice. You should have said. I wasn't convinced it was her. I couldn't have told you her name if you'd been asking me to remember. Maybe if she'd been working at the building society now it would have rung a bell but... So that's the only contact you've ever had with her? Yeah, yeah. OK. Can you make a statement to that effect and then it's covered? Sure. So do you think this is the fella? You know as much as me at the minute. John, is everything all right at home? I keep meaning to ask. Yeah. Well, you know. Slings and arrows. Well, you know this door's always open, don't you? Yeah. I mean, except when it's shut. - Sure. - Hey, how was your date with your little job-pissed PCSO? What date? What date? Ann! Somebody's in bother. You all right, love? You're pale. You're quiet. - I'm fine. - Yeah? I'm just... I'm wondering if I'm starting with flu. Right. Well, don't overdo it. If you start to feel like crap, you need to be at home. Yeah? Yeah, yeah. Your dad knows Sean Balmforth, doesn't he? Who? This fella we picked up last night. - He works for your dad. - Does he? Don't know. I don't know half the people that work for me dad. You don't know anything about what he's like, then? Ask me dad. They'll interview him, that lot. I just thought you might know him, I was just being nosey. Ah, my two favourite women in uniform. No, I'm talking to you. Singing your praises upstairs this morning, Mr. Shepherd - good old-fashioned police work, picking up this fella last night. And you, identifying Vicky Fleming last week. You both made me look really good in there today. Well done. It's the only reason I do anything is to make you look good, Sir. And not a hint of sarcasm! As well... I had a phone call from HMIT last night. Goran Dragovic, death of. They are now pursuing it as murder, not suicide. - Really? - Yup. - Really?! - Is that that fella we found hanged? Yeah. So, who're they pursuing, then? The Knezevics? Well, wouldn't that be lovely? To actually pin something on one of the Knezevics. They won't have got their own hands mucky, of course. But, you know... Anything we can do to disrupt their operations and get that bit closer. Every little helps. Chipping away. Anyway, yeah, well done, both of you. Who are the Knezevics? They're... You know how New Jersey has the Sopranos? Well, Halifax has the Knezevics. And they ain't no choirboys either. - How's Ilinka? - Fine. Fine. I wish she'd make her mind up to go home, though. I'm sick of sleeping in that conservatory. You're mad. You and your dad, or just your dad, he didn't send our Ryan a ridiculously expensive birthday present this morning, did he? Not that I know of. You do realise it's ten to nine? No, it's not. Are you dropping him off? Yeah, yeah. Come on, turn it off. Ryan, off. Ryan, Ry... I'm switching it off. Why do I have to go to school on my birthday? You're going to be LATE on your birthday. Come on. You can play with it as much as you want at tea-time. - Have a nice day. - Where's me dinner gone? - Bye. - Bye. What a piece of shit. - Here he is, look. - Y'all right, Flash? What were you doing grassing us up to t'police? We were only having a bit of fun, no reason to grass us up to the 5-0, is there? - We're your mates. - The only mates you'll ever have. - Nice trip, love? - Go on, pick your stuff up. He don't say much, does he? You don't say much, Flash. Yeah, like, how about, "Sorry, lads, "sorry for grassing you up to the feds, "sorry for being such a sad little twat, "such a sad little mummy's boy twat." Is it true you shag your own mother, Flash? - Does he?! - He don't want to, like, but she makes him because she's a whore. I heard he shags sheep. He does that and all but can't tell t'difference up there in the dark, eh? Can you not? Can he not? Can you not, Flash? What you doing? You fucking idiot! Relax, Flash! Put it down! Just put it down! Afternoon. He's in here. How are you doing there, Daryl? I don't know what's happened exactly, but... I think Daryl knows why we're here. Don't you, Daryl? I know he gets provoked. They might have all been charged, that lot, but they're all out on bail - every one of them - and he still has to go down there and buy his tobacco and his filters. Let's turn this telly off, Daryl. Come on, this is serious. If he has done something, it can't be worse than what they've done to him. So you know what's happened this morning, Daryl? Yeah? Yeah? We've had a report you've been involved in an altercation, and you've been to your car and you've pulled out a lump hammer. - Has he? - And you've attacked people and, you know, that's an arrestable offence, isn't it? Having an offensive weapon in a public place. - He'd never... - It's all on CCTV. So, Daryl, I'm arresting you. Do you understand? You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. - Could you stand up, please? - They start it. Every time. Yeah, I know, but what's happened has happened now, and you can put your side of it across when you're interviewed, so come on, stand up. Let's get it over with for you. - Where are you taking him? - Halifax. Shall I follow on in my car? I wouldn't. You'll only be sat outside for hours waiting. - He needs someone with him. - You won't be allowed in with him. - Why? - Because he's under arrest. Well, how long will he be? How long is a piece of string? Well, what am I supposed to do? I'll get someone to ring you to come and pick him up when we're done with him. Where's your car keys, Daryl? Here. It's on t'floor in the passenger seat. 9242, I've got a 112 for possession of an offensive weapon. I'm on my way with him. OK, Sean, you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention now something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say will be given in evidence. You are charged that on 12th September 2015 in Sowerby Bridge, that you intentionally penetrated the vagina of a woman with your penis when she did not consent and you did not reasonably believe that she was consenting, contrary to section one of the Sexual Offences Act 2003. You are also charged on 12th September 2015, in Sowerby Bridge, that you assaulted the same woman, causing her Actual Bodily Harm, contrary to Section 47 of the Offences Against The Person Act 1861. Have you anything you'd like to say? I paid her. She's a prostitute. Just wait there for me, please. Hello, Sean. I'm Detective Inspector Shackleton, HMET, and I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Ana Vasalescu, Aurelija Petrovic, Lynn Dewhurst and Victoria Fleming. - You what? - You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you do not mention... - What are you talking about? - ..something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say No, no... may be given in evidence. - You can't fit me up for everything! - You're going back to your cell now, Sean... Do something! Say something! You're going back to your cell... I'm not going back in my cell. I'm going home! I'm going to have a conversation with your solicitor, OK? No, it's not O-shitting-K! I don't know who them people are! Who are they? Who are they? Who are they?! This Daryl lad's kicking off downstairs. He won't have his DNA or his fingerprints done. They thought you might like to have a crack at persuading him before they force him. - No, I don't want to! - All right, are you ready? No! Get away... Now, then, Daryl, why aren't you co-operating? You said you were going to deal with them and nip it in the bud. I shouldn't even be here. They were arrested and charged and they'll be up in court in the next few weeks, and I'll go there and speak to them again, you know... but, with the best will in the world, there's only so much we can do and, frankly, this silly business doesn't help - because it just perpetuates the bad feeling. - They're animals. - Yup. They shouldn't be allowed to walk, allowed to exist, to breathe... And now you've gone and shattered one of their collar bones with a lump hammer. Are you going to let me do this? It doesn't hurt. We're back! There's a card on the mantelpiece, Ryan! I found it in that box. Who's it from? I didn't open it - it wasn't addressed to me. Do you want some tea? Yeah. Gran, you race that one and I'll race this one. Are you going to open this card and see who it's from? Cos, whoever it is, I think you need to send them a note to say a very big thank-you, don't you? Yeah, you open it. It's not addressed to me. I'm giving you permission. Come on, hurry up, I'm going to beat you. There's a year's supply of birthday cake in the kitchen, if anybody's interested. - Right, get that dismantled, now. - What are you doing? - What are you doing? - What's up, Catherine? Get it back in the box. In the bin. Straight in the bin! We can't keep it, I'm sorry. - Bastard. - Why not? What are you on about? - The bastard. Oh, my God. - What's up? Your granny's right, we can't keep it. What do you mean "we"? It's not yours, it's mine! Well, it's either him or some nasty bastard playing stupid, dumb, little games. What is? What is? - It's from your dad. - Yeah, just get a bin bag. - No! - Sorry. You can't throw away my things! It's mine! He's not allowed to have any contact with you. This is illegal. It's bad, it's wrong, it's evil... He's trying to mess about with us! - It's a Scalextric! - Yeah, exactly! - She's mental. - Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I am mental. I am mental when it comes to that bastard. Look, look, he can't have put it there himself, can he? - No. No. No... - We'd know about it if he'd escaped. Yeah, but someone, some, some... some twisted little git has done it for him. - You're not binning it! - I'll buy you a new one. - I want this one! - No, no, no way. I'll buy you another one, I'll buy you one exactly like it. Why? You can't stop him sending me things. No! Ryan! I can! You see, this is the man that terrified you, that traumatised you, that poured petrol over you, that put me in hospital for four weeks, that murdered Kirsten... See? This is what he wants! He wants you and me shouting. He wants you to hate me! So, as you'll understand from the disclosures we've made to your solicitor, Sean, we are investigating the deaths of four women - Ana Vasalescu, Aurelija Petrovic, Lynn Dewhurst and Victoria Fleming. Sean's prepared a statement, if I could read it out. Please do. "I have been asked to account for my whereabouts at four different "periods of time across several days. "I cannot, at this moment in time, verify my exact whereabouts "on any of the dates and times in question, "particularly the first three, as they are all some considerable time ago, "but I would like to state clearly that I do not know Ana Vasalescu, "Aurelia Petrovic, Lynn Dewhurst or Victoria Fleming, "and, to my knowledge, have never met "or come into contact with them in the past." OK. That's very helpful, Sean, but we do still need to ask you some questions, OK? No comment. I shouldn't have said anything. I should have just got rid of the card. He'd never have said anything. He wasn't the least bit interested in who it was from. I should have just said Nevison and squared it with Nevison - he'd not have minded. He'd have been pleased to help. You did the right thing. I think Ryan's realised that himself. Insidious bastard. Who's he got doing that for him? We don't know, do we? We don't know that it's not just some random nasty sod. Well, it's someone who knows us, or else why would they know when his birthday is? We're going round in circles. Could you not just take it to a charity shop rather than put it in the bin? No, I'm taking it to work - the card, the wrapping, the box. See if I can't persuade Mike to send it all off for ninhydrin testing - see if we can't get some fingerprints. It's a sick trick, whoever's done it. Never goes away, does it? He'll never go away. Everything all right? He's fine. He wants you to go up and kiss him. Currently being questioned but no charges have been brought as yet... Sorry. - This is a huge breakthrough... - Is she all right? Yeah. It's just... you know, such an odd situation we're in with him. ..Investigation, that they will bring the offender to justice. They've got someone for those murders, by the look of it. Yep. Guess who got him arrested. She didn't? Have they charged him? No, not yet. I think they're still questioning him. A breakthrough for the detectives working on the spate of murders which has shocked the local community... You are stopping tonight, aren't you? I knew Vicky Fleming. That woman. - Did you? - Yeah. Yeah... ..it was her I was having the fling with. When everything went wrong for me. I used to work with her up at the building society. What was she like? - Horrible. - Really? Really? Are you all right? You won't tell Catherine, will you? No. I feel nauseated just thinking about it. I thought I was in love with her. Well, I was... I was in love with her. It was just very short-lived. She... She was like this... She was very attractive. But eventually I realised that s-she was missing something from up here. She kept going on, wanting me to leave Sue and the kids and... ..I couldn't. Which really... I shouldn't have started it in the first place, I know that. But I wasn't ready to leave my family for her. And she kept... she kept pushing and pushing and eventually I said no, I said no. If it came to the crunch I'd be stopping with Sue and the kids and so she... She blackmailed me. Blackmailed? Yeah, for a few weeks. And then I said I wouldn't pay her any more, I couldn't. She wanted 100 quid a week, every week, or she'd tell Sue. I managed a few weeks, but then I... I thought, "I don't want to live like this any more." So she... What, she what? Humiliated me. So at the minute, he's provided no alibis. Well, no useful alibis. We're building up a picture of a loner with a fairly chaotic sort of lifestyle. He was working recently as a driver, but he got sacked for drinking and aggressive behaviour. The good news this morning from Forensics - we've got strands of hair matching that of Ana Vasalescu found in his van. Now, he's denied knowing Ana, so let's see what he's got to say about that. Telecoms - Lynn Dewhurst's mobile number was found in his contacts on his phone. Again, he's denied knowing her, so let's see if he can enlighten us there. Then ANPR puts him, well, puts his van, within a mile of where the bodies were found on the second and fourth murders, Aurelia and Vicky. We've also got a witness from a house-to-house reporting seeing a white van in the area around the time Ana was murdered. There was an appeal in the media for the driver to come forward, no-one did. A white van was also reported in the vicinity prior to Vicky Fleming's flat being torched. So! Let's get back up to Halifax and see if he's got anything he'd like to share with us today, hm? Am I overreacting? He tried to kill you, Catherine. You're not overreacting. We'll send it all off for fingerprints and I'll ring the prison liaison officer to talk to someone at Gravesend. Let's find out who visits him, who he writes to, who he has phone calls with. If he's behind it, he'll be dealt with. If it's a crank... ..it's a shame they've got nothing better to do. Try not to let it get you down. - It's just this week, it's always... - I know. - It's bad enough without... - I know. I know. I do know. Did you have a nice birthday yesterday? Yeah, it was OK. What did you get? Skateboard, elbow pads, knee pads. Helmet. New football. - 20 quid off me Uncle Daniel. - Yep. 30 quid off me grandad and me Auntie Ros. That's 50 quid. Winnie across made me a cake, as well as me Auntie Clare. That's two cakes. I got a Scalextric, but me granny put it in t'bin. Why? Because it were from me dad. Oh, no. And how do you feel about that? I dunno. I really wanted to play with it, but I could see how upset she was. Gosh, that must've cost a lot of money. Yeah, me Uncle Daniel said it would have done. Perhaps, I don't know, it's his way of trying to tell you all how sorry he is about what happened. - Do you think he is? - Well, why else would he send it? I don't think they get very much money in prison. It must have meant a lot to him to do that. You know, after that last conversation we had, I googled your dad. And I can't believe he was responsible for half the things he was sent to prison for. Why? Because he had such a kind face. Here you are. Ta. I'm just suggesting that it's odd... John? No, thanks. ..for someone with such a disorganised lifestyle who lives in chaos and squalor, spends half his life pissed out of his tiny fucking skull, not to leave any DNA on any of the sites. Are we really believing that this lad is that forensically aware? And that capable? You don't know these days. A lonely, little, twisted mind like that has probably absorbed every episode of CSI they've ever shot. Well, that aside, boss, what I still can't square is Vicky Fleming. Vicky was not a prostitute. There are significant differences, and we've made this leap, we've made an assumption... I'm ruling nothing out. He must have been in that flat. He must have burnt that flat out. I don't care what the fire service says, it's just... It's too much of a coincidence, what, to be an oil lamp she's left on? Come on, he was burning evidence and that is so different from... Well, that is someone who knows her. It's personal, right? And the others, they weren't personal. I need you to explain why, and it's two things we've uncovered - yesterday you told us that you'd never met Ana Vasalescu. Do you remember? You also told us that no-one else had driven your van in the last six months. Yeah? So, Sean... ..can you tell me what your response is if I tell you that our forensic people have found strands of Ana Vasalescu's hair, her DNA, in your van? No comment. And yesterday, you told us that you don't know Lynn Dewhurst. Do you remember? Could you explain to me why, then, Sean, you've got Lynn Dewhurst's mobile phone number in your contacts on your mobile phone? No... no comment. When I said "lunch", I had somewhere a bit more salubrious in mind. I've only got 15 minutes. How are you? - How are YOU? - I'm all right. I'll cut to the chase, eh? Can I have some tea, love? And a fish finger butty. Are you eating? Yeah, I'll have the same. Thanks. It's a bit like speed dating, innit? Not that I've ever been speed dating. Or that WE'RE dating, obviously. - But I've seen it on t'telly. - Tell me about Sean Balmforth. Really? All day yesterday? Your lot? Well, best part of two hours, giving it... What do you know? Nothing. I told 'em. Except... I wouldn't put it past him. Which is a pretty damning thing to say about somebody, innit? - Really? - Well, God knows. Helen never gave up on anybody. Ever. We condemn the sin, not the sinner. But Sean... ..he's a sad lad. Course, it's nothing to do with me, I'm just being nosey. - How's our Annie getting on? - Really well. - She's a smart kid. - Good. - How's things at home? - Good. - Good. - Yeah. - Yeah. - She's drinking, isn't she? Last thing I want to do is get her into trouble. You won't, not with me. That's why I rang you. I don't know why she's started again. One minute she was all, "I'm going to be a regular, "I'm going to be detective, I'm going to sail through the ranks." I thought she'd taken to it like a duck to water. And she was thrilled to bits when she made that connection with the Vicky Fleming woman. And then... She used to drink a lot, at college. Daft amount, you know, like they do, students. She got alcohol poisoning once. Silly bugger. But then, when Helen became ill, she seemed to stop, overnight. She became very sensible. All through the illness, even after what happened, last year, wi' them weirdos. So I don't know if something's happened at work. - Not that I know of. - Well... - has somebody upset her? - Have you asked her? Oh, she doesn't talk to me about stuff. She might have had a conversation with Helen about it, not me. Does she drink with other people, or is it...? No, no, it's all been on her own at home. OK. Happens she needs a good night out. Yeah? Well, we could all do with one o' them, couldn't we? I'll talk to her. Are you all right? It was Ryan's birthday yesterday. Becky died six weeks after he was born, so, you know... ..it's just something we have to get through in our house. I were thinking... you know what you told me last night? Yeah? I've said I won't say anything to our Catherine, and I shan't, I've promised, but don't you think you SHOULD tell the police? I'm just thinking that whoever... killed her, she might have been blackmailing HIM. But... isn't this bloke a serial killer? On the news they're saying she didn't fit the same profile as the others. It might be a different killer to the others, and they need to know that. Well, the police obviously don't think that. They've... they've linked them. And they've got this fella in custody now anyway, so... Yeah, but what if... What if... I don't know. Look... if I went down there and offered them information, first of all, they'd think I was a crank. And they'd be laughing at me. Then I'd have to go through it all. Again and again and again... You don't know what that does to me, Clare. Hiya, love. Sarge, have you got a minute? Hello, Steph. I think that... I think I've decided that I should resign. I've spoken to the specials liaison officer. I don't think you should resign. Well, it looks like they're going to charge this bloke. Does it? They've had him in custody for two days. I've just heard they're applying to the magistrate for a three-day lie down. And I let him slip through my fingers, so yeah. Steph, how long have you been in the job? Specials? About six month. You made a mistake. I suspect you listened to Bryony, who IS a lazy sod, and whose first and last instinct is to do the minimum. She's the one who should be offering to resign, not you. She's been in the job five years and she knows no more now than she did then. I suspect you wanted to do more, but you let yourself be led by her. Yeah? Go with your own instincts in future, stick your neck out now and again. Yeah, Leonie's a prostitute, but she's also a vulnerable 19-year-old who is where she is because she's had a shit life. Don't resign. I'll be really pissed off if you resign. Last week, in assembly... Mrs. Beresford was on about forgiveness. Was she? She said that we had to find it in our hearts to forgive people things. Good. Especially if they say they're sorry. That's right. However angry or upset we might feel. Well, yeah. There you go, eh? So I was thinking, maybe it was his way of trying to say sorry for what he did, sending me that Scalextric, me dad. Ryan, you've got to stop calling him your dad. You've got to stop thinking about this man as your dad. A dad is someone who's there. Every day. Someone who cares about you, who loves you, who helps you, who... w-who shows you how to... tie your laces or pump up your tyres, someone who can take you places, someone who knows who you are. It's not someone who lies to you about living on a narrow boat and pours petrol over you and kicks the living daylights out of your grandmother. But perhaps he would have liked to have done them things with me - if he hadn't been in prison. - Yeah, but Ryan, perhaps if he was the kind of man who cared about other people enough, he'd never have been in prison in the first place. "I've have the locks changed. "Take your things. Your mother expecting you." Amanda! Ama...! What?! - Ben, open the door. - Kids, in the other room, come on. Quick, quick, quick. - He lives here too! - Go in there. Ben... - Go on, in there. - Where will he go? He'll be fine, he'll go to his mother's, go in there. Both of you! I don't want him not to be here, even if he is a pig. Amanda! Go in there, both of you. Oh, bollocks! You're upsetting these children! I'M upsetting 'em?! You're the one that's upsetting them! You need to leave us alone. You need to go away. -Fuck you! - Fuck YOU! Fuck you! Come on, let's get you inside. "Dear Dad, Thank you for sending me that Scalextric "I know you are probly sory for what you did" Are you all right? I'm sorry that I get wound up about stuff, but... ..it's only cos I love you and I care about you, you know that, don't you? Yup. Right, come on. Love you. I love you. - Night-night. - Night-night. What's happened to t'front of your car? I just... scraped a wall. I hope you weren't drinking and driving. Were you? You will get caught, you know, Daryl. And who's going to pay for that getting fixed? It's reight, it still goes. It won't pass its MOT, love, not like that. And what if you'd hit someone? - What've you got for me? - I think you'll be pleased. I didn't, and I told you I wouldn't, do anything illegal. You're not going to tell me you didn't do owt. I did do something. Did you know it was his birthday? The day before yesterday? I only found out two days before. He was... He was ten. Ten years old. OK. So I sent him a present. I left it on the doorstep with a card inside. From you. It was expensive, something I knew he'd like. Racing cars. And he did. Of course, she wanted to put it in the bin when she knew it was from you, and she did put it in the bin, and, of course, that made him angry and upset. - How do you know? - He told me. And it's made him start to ask even more questions. I suggested to him that you sent it because you're sorry for what you did. I think that's a very powerful message. If we can subtly undermine all the messages she reinforces every day, it may be a slow process, but if we persist, and we will, - surely that's better than... - I don't understand. OK. Am I...? Am I being thick, or are you just not getting the fact that there's been a development? This bitch, this nasty ugly whore. Sorry, but she... She's killed my mother. And you think buying him expensive toys is some sort of solution? I-I don't know that I can do anything about what she did to your mother. But... - What I can do with Ryan... - That is what I asked you to do. It may not have been her. They've arrested someone. I know they've arrested someone. I saw it on t'news, Frances, so what? Frances... ..you're sweet, but you're naive. She has killed my mother to piss on me, just cos she can. Like me living in this shit-hole isn't enough for her. And she has disguised it by killing them others first, and now her little police buddies are helping her cover it up by arresting some no-mates who they can pin anything on. Do you really believe they could do that? I don't know what else to say to you. You've led a sheltered life, it's not your fault. It's why you're so good and kind. It's why you always see the best in people. Frances... But some people, and she is one of 'em, they're craftier than you'd ever give 'em credit for, and they get themselves into positions of authority so they can get away with stuff. I don't know what else to say. I... I thought you got it. The priority for me is working towards Ryan not accepting the demonised version of you that she reinforces... The best way to achieve that... I told him I didn't believe you did half of what... As far as I'm concerned, the best way to achieve that... - ..he listened, he thought about it, and it sank in... - is to remove her. From the picture. Reinforce that. - But what you're suggesting is illegal... - Fuck illegal! When has doing anything legally got anybody like me anywhere? Frances, you're going to have to do what I've asked you to do. Or what I'm thinking is... ..this... ..you and me... ..it's not going to work, I'm sorry. I thought you understood me. I really did. I do! I do understand you, don't say that, please. Please, I understand you better than anyone. Do you understand what I'm saying, then? - I... - Nothing is illegal. It's just a word people use to control other people with. She has stolen my son and murdered my mother. That is illegal and nobody has raised an eyebrow. And believe me, it is not that lad they've arrested that's killed these women. Look at him, picture of him, on t'telly. He hasn't got it in him. Frances... ..if you're not on my side, who is? What would you like me to do? I'd like you to use your imagination. - I have been doing. - Yeah, you have. Brilliantly. I was so impressed, the way you got into that school. But I need more. I need you to take it further. I wasn't anticipating it any more than you were. I didn't know she'd go out of her way to target my mother, but she did. And now they're going to go out of their way to let her walk, and I can't do anything. But you can. If our two hearts do beat as one, and I like to think that they do... ..then you know what I want. You know what I want, Frances. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Sync: Marocas62 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 