Make It or Break It: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Make It or Break It 
 s1e15 - Loves Me, Loves Me Not - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Make It or Break It (2009–2012): Season 1, Episode 15 - Loves Me, Loves Me Not - full transcript 
 Valentines Day!! A day of love. But not for Payson, who's beginning to find out that's she's hanging out with the wrong crowd at school. Emily hasn't heard from Damon in days and she's getting worried. Kaylie and Nicky get closer, emotionally, the more they train together. Also, Carter discovers that Chloe Kmetko and Steve Tanner are dating. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On "Make it Or Break it"... -it's have something so red about me and You, being Nummber 1. Before she dying. - Ah, I belive You do. Les't make a pack, and for alwas make the truth. - We could back? - I'm, - Only going to high School, cuz you make it. - Hi. - Are You new? - Yeau. -Evreyone, She is pyison, she want to be unvzble. This is Help. Maybe later, i'm cool for now. or doing whatever it is industry A-listers do. Whatever. I'm not freaking out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yet. So, speaking of Valentine's Day, what's up with your new mystery man? When do I get to meet this guy? When and if it's appropriate. Do you even know what appropriate means? Ha ha ha. I saw these adorable Fendi pumps that were totally Summer. You know, sexy but not at all sexual. They'd be the perfect gift for Valentine's Day. She broke up with me, Lauren. And considering she gave back the luxury automobile I bought her, I doubt she'll swoon over a pair of shoes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 OK, what is she wearing? She's like a fashion terrorist. If she were my mother I'd check myself into an orphanage. Just... be nice. Hey! Hi, Steve. Hello, Chloe. Is that, uh, your new Kia? Yeah. It's great, isn't it? Hello, Summer! Dad, look, it's Summer! - Hi, Steve. - Summer. - Chloe. - Summer. With a little more height, Kaylie, that double back could become a double Arabian. That double back beat Kelly Parker at Nationals. It won't be enough to beat the Chinese in the Invitational meet next month. You need to up your degree of difficulty, and for that you need more power. He's right. Easy for you to say. You're all muscle. But power isn't about muscle mass. It's about the rate at which energy is converted. Right. Why didn't I think of that? All I have to do is convert energy faster. Exactly. Look, I come in early every morning. So, if you think you can drag yourself out of bed, I can show you what I mean. You want to help me? Yeah. - I'll set my alarm. - OK. I was wondering... are you doing anything for Valentine's Day? Oh, I'm flattered, but I have a strict policy against office romance. I meant for the gymnasts. It might be nice to have a little mixer or something. Why would I encourage "mixing" when we have a no-dating rule? That's exactly why we should have a mixer. Love is in the air and the kids are likely to feel like they're missing out on something. If we have a party here, they won't be tempted into any trouble of the romantic variety elsewhere. So you thought we'd have a party where they could "mix"? The answer is no. You know what I hate about Valentine's Day? I have a feeling you're gonna tell me. The candy. It's always some mystery combination of disgusting cremes and jellies that you frantically spit out into a trash can. Halloween? Good candy. Christmas? Great candy. Valentines Day? Blecch. Everybody knows it's a mad e-up holiday created to sell stuff. Cut class with me. - We cut class yesterday. - Right. Cut class with me. Hey, Payson! Hey, Ike. Wanna buy a rose for your Valentine? They're only a dollar apiece and all the proceeds go to global warming research. Kill a rose, save the planet. I love the smell of irony in the morning. How about I just make a donation? Our planet thanks you! I don't believe in global warming. You wanna know why? - How about you tell me at lunch? - Then can we cut class? I was kidding. - Hey, it's Damon, sitting by the pool in sunny Los Angeles. i>- Go ahead and leave a message. -  It's me, again. Where are you? Sync by YesCool www.addic7ed.com Look, whether you t or not, these kids are mixing. And your no-dating rule alone is not gonna keep them from hooking up. It will if they stay focused on their gymnastics and not on your little Valentine's Day party. One important purpose of which, if you had heard me out, was the opportunity to talk to them about abstinence. Abstinence? Yes. I give a little talk to the teen group at my church and I thought I could give a talk here. Why on earth would my gymnasts need a talk on abstinence? To teach them the spiritual and emotional benefits of waiting, and to provide them with the tools they need to control their bodies. They have all the tools they need there. They're gymnasts. They know how to control their bodies. They're teenagers with active hormones who have natural urges. Need I remind you of the situation you ran into - with Carter Anderson? - Carter Anderson was suspended and couldn't compete at Nationals, and if you were a gymnast, you'd realize how effective a punishment that really is. I'd like to present abstinence as a better way to live their lives. Discipline and control is how they live their lives, and you're not the authority on that. I am. I'm not the authority. God is. And He's pretty clear on premarital sex. You know, um... ...do you actually practice what you preach? Yes. Is that so hard to believe? Frankly, yes, I find it hard to believe that a grown, unmarried woman doesn't, um, you know... I am a grown, unmarried woman who happens to know that life is better when we live in God's will. Well, I suppose some people need to rely on a higher power. All my gymnasts need is total dedication to the sport and a coach who demands nothing less. Right. 'Cause who needs God when they have you? Summer, wait. All right, fine, you can have your party. And to make sure no one thinks I'm going soft on the no-dating rule there will be a talk on the sacrifices required to be an Olympic gymnast. Which I will give. So... got plans for tomorrow night? Nothing yet. Saw you and Nicky canoodling this morning. Sasha thinks if I get more height on my double back I can n go for a double Arabian. Nicky offered to help me if I came in early. Bam-chicka-wow-wow! Nicky's off-limits anyways. Payson likes him, and I'd never go after a friend's boyfriend. I thought you guys were over that. It's so obvious Kaylie and Nicky have a thing for each other. And how do we know Payson's still got the hots for him? - Why do you care? - I don't. I just, you know... You think that if Kaylie is with Nicky, you might have a shot with Carter? You think they're in love? I think it's none of our business. I think they're making it our business. I don't believe in love. Is there anything you do believe in? Sex. Oh, I believe in sex. - Well, I believe in love. - Have you ever been in love? I've been... in "like." - With? - A guy at the gym. Let me guess: 28-inch biceps and stretchy stirrup pants? - Hey! How about a ride home? - Oh, yeah, that'd be great. Oh! Oh, I'm sorry. Was she talking to you? - I'll see you later. - Bye. - So... who's the new guy? - Ike, and he's just a friend. We cut class and hang out sometimes. - You cut class? - Yeah. It's no big deal. When was this? Oh! Just at that party in LA. I thought I tossed it. Although, looks like for once the tabloids - are actually telling the truth. - What do you mean? Oh, it's so obvious they have the hots for each other. But, you know, Kaylie would never go there unless she knew you were completely over Nicky. I never had a thing for Nicky. We were just friends. That's what I thought. Maybe you should tell Kaylie it's OK. I mean, there's no reason they shouldn't hook up if they're that into each other. - Sorry I'm late. - Yeah. I got a surprise for you. Go ahead, open it. Um, Razor, um... - You know I'm with Damon. - Come on, you think... What? - It's a Shack promotion for lentine's Day. We have to fold 50 of these boxes by tomorrow. OK, I'm totally embarrassed. Like I'd give you a pizza Valentine. I'd never do anything that cheesy. Get it? Pizza, cheesy? Let me ask you a question. Totally hypothetical. What do you think would've happened if I hadn't left? It was just me who felt like we had a little somethin'-somethin'? Remember, you are a terrible liar. No. It wasn't just you. But you did go away. And Damon, I didn't even like him at first. I'm not even allowed to date. But Damon and I, we just... ...get each other. Yeah. I gotcha. That's cool. Have you talked to him lately? Damon? No. Why? I just haven't heard from him in a few days. I'm sure he's crazy with everything that's going on in LA. Yeah, yeah, he's probably just crazy. I don't know why he hasn't called you, but, I mean, I do know that he is... Tell me. Look... Damon's always been a little hot and cold, you know? Tortured artist. When he's cold, he's been known to just... ...kinda drop out. But, hey, I could never imagine someone just going cold on you. Even Damon. What are you doing? Well, I'll make up a song for you. All right? Did you really make all of that up on the spot? Come on, do you think I sit at home writing sappy love songs for girls with boyfriends? Hello. It's the Pizza Shack. How can I service your hunger attack? Yeah. Where are you? Yeah, we deliver there. All right, I'm on my way. Hey. That's for pick-up. It's not anymore. Uh, it's for a rush delivery. Since when do we deliver one pie at a time? Guy called, said he'd give me a huge tip. Money talks, right? What the hell, dude? What are you doing in jail? Why didn't you call Emily? She's going nuts. Listen, I'm innocent, OK? I didn't know that the mixer that I bought was hot. Hey, what are you doing buying a mixer in Boulder when you're supposed to be in LA signing some big, fancy record deal? They wanted Pinky Promise to record my songs. I tried. I was this close to signing that contract, but I just couldn't. If you're not gonna sing your own songs, somebody else has to. Which is why I was buying the mixer. I realized that if I want to protect my songs that I have to sing them myself. What, you're gonna sing 'em yourself? That doesn't explain why you had to blow Emily off. I didn't want her to see me like this. I've seen you do this before. You get all serious about a girl and you freak out, do something to blow it up. Look, I need your help. I need you to bail me out, so I can fix this, make this right. I need to show Emily that I'm enough for her. Please. Let me think about it. Sorry. I knocked on your trailer door, but... I don't have a TV in there, so... - I didn't peg you as a gamer. - I am human, after all. Really? 'Cause you don't act like it. - Oh, how do I act? - Like a man who thinks he knows it all, and doesn't need to consider anyone else's point of view. Which is why I got all the way home, and then came all the way back here because I really don't feel heard or respected. This about your little abstinence speech? OK, there you go again. Do... Do you have any idea how condescending you are? I don't think an abstinence talk from you would have any impact on my gymnasts. I mean, you're not even interested in sex. For your information, I choose abstinence because I'm very interested in sex. Just because I happen to think that lovemaking is a sacred act between a husband and a wife doesn't mean I don't want sex. I'm a woman, I have needs and desires, and I bet I think about sex more than you do, and... Is that the famous sel f-control you gymnasts are known for? And people like me can't understand? Just gonna run these Valentine cookies in for the party. Kaylie's here early. - What? - Nothing. I'll be right back. - Hey! - Hi. What should I do with these? Oh, just put 'em over here. Thanks so much for baking them. Oh, sure. - Do you have anything special planned tonight? Not since Mark's in Minnesota. It's our first Valentine's Day apart. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, hey, um... I just wanted to say that I'm not gonna be in the office much today 'cause I've got a lot to do out there on the floor, so... No problem. I've got everything completely under control in here. Excellent. And I will have everything completely under control out there. - Is everything OK? - Fine. Oh, I better run. Payson's in the car. - How's Payson doing in school? - I'm not exactly sure. When she was training here I knew where she was every minute of the day, and now who knows? There's not a parents' viewing area in high school. Bye. OK. Don't just jump off the mat, explode off the mat. Remember, rapid force equals power. - I need a break. - Oh, no, no, no. No. No way, princess. Come on, come on. Push-ups. - Uh, you or me? - You. Do it. If you want to beat those Chinese girls, you need power. All right? Push me up. - Hey. Your mom told me you were out here. - Oh. Hey. - How's it going? - Pretty good. How's high school treating you? Great. I'm making lots of new friends. - Yeah? - And I met a guy. Oh. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. It's great, not having to worry about the no-dating rule. Now I can do whatever I want. - Am I interrupting? - No. I have to get to school. OK. I'll, uh, I'll see you later. Happy Valentine's Day. Thanks to everyone for helping celebrate the day and save the environment. Also, the Best Buddies Club is going to the children's hospital after school today to pass out candy and cards to cheer up the kids. I hope you will all join us. - You wanna escape all this madness? - Yes, I do. Uh-oh, here comes the patron saint - of the pointless. - Hi, Payson. Hi, Ike. Are you coming to the children's hospital? Yeah, you really think giving sick kids candy is a good idea? But, hey, if it makes you feel good about yourself that's all that matters, right? You know where to find me. I bet some of the kids are gymnastic fans. They'd be thrilled to see you. I sorta had my fill of hospitals lately. Listen... ...I know what you're going through. How? How could you possibly know what I'm going through? Well, when I was a kid, I had scoliosis. I had to wear a back brace for six years. I felt like people were always staring at me. I'm sorry you had to go through that. Personally, I don't care if people stare at me. I'll get out of this back brace, but... ...I'll never get to do what I love again. And that's all that I care about. But there's lots of other stuff to care about. Life is full of possibilities. Wow, they don't call you Little Miss Sunshine for nothing. It's not what they used to call me. They used to call me Chicken Little. I was so afraid of everything I would, literally, hide in the closet. So I made a bet with myself. I decided to do everything that scares me: visit sick kids, talk to the popular people, join clubs. You don't seem like someone who's afraid of all that. Thanks. I guess it's working. Anyway, if you change your mind about the children's hospital, or if you just want to be visible... ...give me a call. If I could have everyone's attention, please. We have Summer to thank for organizing the festivity. Now, I know it might seem odd that we're celebrating Valentine's Day when everyone knows dating is a serious infraction of Rock rules. But I agreed to cookies and punch, because, as Summer pointed out to me, this'd be the perfect opportunity to talk about sex. And not just the obvious, um, consequences to your gymnastics careers but also your physical and, um, spiritual well-being which I, uh... which I... I think, actually, Summer's more qualified to address us. Summer, if you... - Yo, Pay-Pay! Care to take the edge off? Drinking on campus? Well, we could go off campus, but then we'd be breaking the rules. Look, I'll talk to you later. Hold on. Talk to me now. I just... ...wanted to thank you for the rose. That was really sweet. I didn't send you a rose. Then... why did you wink at me? Because I thought you sent it to yourself, as a joke. I'm sorry, just... Corny romantic gestures just aren't my thing. No, I'm the one who's sorry for thinking you were capable of making any gesture at all. Whoa. Why the attack, Mac? I think the reason you trash everything and everyone is because you're afraid if you believe in anything, if you actually admit you care, you just might be disappointed. OK. You want to go there? You committed your whole life to gymnastics. You believed, you cared, you busted your ass for years. And what did you get? A gold medal? No. A back brace. You know what else I got? I got discipline, self-respect. I learned how to have pride in myself and my teammates. And I learned that trying to be something is a whole lot better than sitting on your butt and trying not to be anything at all. Wow. What happened to the invisible girl? She's coming back to life. And, by the way, Heather isn't the patron saint of pointless, Ike. You are. Checking upper level. Happy hour? And it isn't even 5:00. Principal's office, now. The first time You fulling in love, it's natural to think it's forever. You think he or she's the one you want to lose your virginity to. But the truth is, most first-time loves don't last. The Bible tells us that sex is sacred. God sees sex as a wonderful thing. It's a gift to be shared between husbands and wives. And that's what makes it truly special, knowing you're sharing your most intimate self with your true soulmate. Abstinence is a choice that empowers you, supports self-respect, and statistically ensures a more satisfying and stable marriage in the future. You have chosen to do something really exciting with your young lives, so why put that at risk? The no-dating policy here is a rule. But the wisdom of knowing what you do today can affect you forever? That's a blessing. Well, that was incredibly embarrassing. I think she makes a good argument for waiting. How are you supposed to know if someone's your soulmate? I think you just know. Unless you want to get married at 18, waiting is totally unrealistic. It's really not an option for you... - ...since that ship's sailed. - Yeah, well, bon voyage. Two weeks in high school and you're already in detention. Just... Bravo! I wasn't drinking, Mom. I swear! You don't have to swear. You can't even stomach Gram's rum balls at Christmas. Why were you hanging out with a bunch of losers? Do you know one of those guys tried to drive their car after he'd been drinking? He got arrested. What is up, Pay? OK, the last two weeks of school have been really hard. It was hard for me to accept that there was any reason I should be there at all. Yes, you've made your feelings very clear. But, the truth is, I learned the most important lesson of my life. I hope that lesson is don't cut class and hang out with drunk kids. Well, yeah, but I think I finally get what you were trying to tell me. I need to find something in my life that I can believe in and fight for. I don't know what that is yet, but when I do, I'll conquer it just like I conquered gymnastics. Are you telling me this to make me feel better? - No! I thought my choice was gymnastics or nothing. But it's gymnastics... ...or everything else. It's really great to hear you say that. I tried to be someone who didn't care, and that's just not me. I'm a champion, Mom. Just like you said. I just need to find something to be a champion at. And I will join every damn club at that school if that's what it takes. I can't believe I just picked you up at the principal's office. Now I'm hugging you. - Don't say "damn." - Yes, ma'am. Carter. You gotta hand it to a guy who just doesn't give up. Yeah. - We gotta... - About our... You go. God, I don't know how to put this. You and me, we've kinda had a couple of moments. Yeah. They weren't kinda moments, they were actual moments. Right. And I just wanted to say, uh... ...that can't happen anymore. Payson's one of my best friends, and after what I've been through, there's no way I'd do anything to hurt a friend. I spoke to her today. She said she had a boyfriend. That doesn't sound like Payson. I know. I think she was trying to get rid of me. I think that means she likes you, which means... ...we don't have anything with each other. I've been recruited by Denver for a while now. - I think I'm gonna go. - You're gonna go to Denver? There's just too much drama and distractions here. I mean, between you and Payson and Lauren... It's just not good for me. - Bad idea. Yeah. - Yeah. Bad idea. Bye, Kaylie. One more thing. Uh, I just wanted to thank you. After this thing with Carter, I didn't know if I'd ever get butterflies with anyone, ever again. And it was nice to know I could. Like, I'll survive this, you know? You will. I think I did something... stupid. What? - I put rose petals in the shape of a heart on the hood of Kaylie's car. - I don't think it's stupid to show someone you're thinking about them. - Could I ask you a question? As her friend and as a girl. - Sure. You think she'll ever be able to forgive me? I don't know. It's hard enough trusting someone with your heart. And then when that trust is broken... Are you OK? - I'm sorry. - It's OK. Do you want to talk about it? It's just this guy, Damon. - I've seen him around. Doesn't he work here? - He did. He went to LA to sign some big record deal, and now I haven't heard from him in days. And I think he might be dumping me. What about that other guy that works here, aren't they in a band together or something? Razor. He hasn't heard from him either. And he acted sort of weird when I talked to him about it. Listen, sometimes guys try to have each other's backs, especially when it comes to girls. Maybe you should ask him again. I'd say we have a perfect coupling here. I'm getting a sort of a bittersweet berry with a strong dark chocolate finish. Oh! What's wrong? Did it go bad? No. Actually, it's divine. At $400 a bottle, it should be. Four hundred dollars a bottle, and you just dumped it out? You don't drink the whole glass at a tasting, Cloris. - It's Chloe. - Right. Chloe. You know, this is delicious and all, but to be honest with you, I really can't tell the damn difference. Oh, she's right. If they put a $400 price tag on a tw o-dollar bottle of wine, you'd both be cooing over the peppery nose with a huckleberry finish, or whatever crap makes you feel so superior. Why don't we move on to the Bordeauxs. Ooh, look at you, man of the people. They're a couple of blowhards. I don't know why I brought you here. I'm sorry. Well, maybe because it's the sort of thing you did with Summer. She's very pretty and smart and put together, she has it all. She doesn't have your sense of humor or your sense of style. Well, that's true. Look... Summer has a lot of great qualities, but so do you. You're fun, and you're smart, far smarter than anybody gives you credit for, probably 'cause you're so damn good looking. Well, you're not so bad looking yourself. So what do you say we pick up a box of wine and go somewhere we can actually drink it? So thanks for bailing me out, man. I owe you one. The only one you owe is Emily. Seriously, man, when are you just gonna tell her? How about right now? Thanks a lot, man. He didn't tell me. I followed him here after his second mysterious pizza delivery to the county jail. Listen, I was gonna call you. When? When you left LA? When you got to Boulder? When you obviously got arrested? When were you gonna call me? Listen, I couldn't sign the deal in LA. Maybe I should've known you were one of those guys. What, what guys? One of the guys my mother dates. The ones who won't call for days, and then will call from jail when they need bail money. - Emily... - I've been terrified that you've been lying in a ditch somewhere. Or that this was your way of dumping me. - I can't trust you. - Yes. Yes, you can. How can you say that, when the last time I saw you you were in LA supposedly signing some big record deal? - No, not "supposedly." - What about our pact, Damon? You promised me you would never lie to me. - Emily, listen... - No. We have nothing to talk about. And you should've told me the truth. Happy Valentine's Day. So, what changed your mind? You. Look, if I can lose control, then they're bound to, and if the idea of choice and a higher purpose can make them feel empowered to abstain from sex then it works for me. - About... - About last night... Go ahead. - It was... - Inappropriate. And... And should never happen again. - I think that's best. - Yeah. All right. Um, I'll get it. - You go home. Sasha Belov. Yes. Yeah. I brought Sleepless in Seattle. I love that movie. Come on in. Thanks for coming over. Mom, this is Heather. Oh, hi, Heather. - Hi, Mrs. Keeler. Thanks for inviting me. Valentine's Day without a Valentine can be so depressing. That's why I sent us both those roses. So that was you! - - Yes, it was me. - I think it's sweet. - - - Anybody home? Oh. Well, I invited some old friends, too. - Yeah! Hi! - Hi! - Happy Valentine's Day, guys! - Happy Valentine's Day. Awesome. Sleepover. "I know how much this picture of your mother means to you, and thought it deserved a frame. Happy V-Day, Lauren." Steve! Shh! OK, OK. Stop! Don't... - Oh, it's dark in here. - Hang on. Now, are you sure Lauren won't catch us? Ah, she never comes up here. Sorry it's a little... unfinished, but, uh, it's the only place we can be all alone. I wonder what she'd think if she knew we were dating. Are we? Dating? Why don't you ask me after a few glasses of that wine? Ohh! Steve! Compete against each other, but you're also friends? Well, we compete as a team, too. Gymnastics can be so grueling, only the girls you train with really understand what you're going through. And even though you compete against each other, you gotta have each other's backs. How long have you guys been training together? Ten years, except Emily. She's the new girl. Like Payson! But don't worry, I've taken Payson under my wing. So... maybe you can tell us about Payson's new boyfriend. She won't tell us, but we're dying to know. He didn't turn out to be my type. Just give it some time. Kaylie and Nicky didn't like each other and you should see them now. What? You didn't hear about Nicky? - What? - So he called you? - Mm-hmm. - What about Nicky? - He's going to Denver. - What?! He can't! Said there was too much drama at the Rock. - - - I can't believe this. He told me what you said about never doing anything to hurt a friend. We have to watch each other's backs, right? No exceptions. Um, yeah, I know, it's been a rough day. But, Mark, for the first time since Payson's accident I feel like... I feel like she's gonna be OK. I feel like she's finally accepted gymnastics is over. But there's a big, beautiful world out there just waiting for her to conquer it. Payson's gonna be OK. She's gonna move on. Hey, Mark, hold on a second. The phone's beeping. Sasha, I'm so sorry, I forgot to call you back. Everything's OK with Payson. Good, because I have great news. I just got off the phone with an orthopedic surgeon in Geneva. She heard about Payson's case, and she's developed a new procedure that could fix Payson's back. According to her, she could still do gymnastics on a competitive level. Isn't that amazing? This just might be the miracle we've all hoped for. Sync By YesCool www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 