Make It or Break It: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Make It or Break It 
 s1e4 - Sunday, Bloody Sasha, Sunday - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Make It or Break It (2009–2012): Season 1, Episode 4 - Sunday, Bloody Sasha, Sunday - full transcript 
 Sasha, somehow, finds out that Payson, Kaylie, Emily, and Lauren all went to the big party on Saturday night. He calls the girls to The Rock for personal training and he pushes them harder than they ever have been. Throughout the day, Sasha begins to notice that they have personal issues with each other and helps them to work them out. Emily also has another problem: she was supposed to work a double at her job and is on the verge of getting fired if she doesn't make her evening shift. Carter feels guilty about cheating on Kaylie with Lauren and tries to find a way to tell her. Sasha also has an issue: Finding a new manager for The Rock. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Make it or Break it. - Is that...? - Sasha Belov. We have only 49 days until nationals, And you will spend every waking Moment of it in this gym, together. Lauren's daddy May have bought her way back into the Rock, But she's not buying her way back into our group. You are cordially invited. "Blast off?" What's that? 1962. Brian Jones named the band 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 After the Muddy Waters song, "Rollin' Stone". I believe this belongs to you. How many beers have you had? Kaylie! Kaylie! Kaylie! You said you couldn't come out tonight, And then I find you partying with other guys? We'll just cool it for a while. I am not interested in your father's money. You have "ambition" written all over you. She's gotta have everybody chasing after her. Screw her. Why are we even talking about her? Why are we even talking at all? You ok? Sorry we fought. I love you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, wash me, cleanse me from this guilt. Let me be pure again. Forgive me my shameful deed, For it haunts me day and night. Wash me through your grace And I shall be whiter than snow. NO MESSAGES And after you have punished me, Give me back my joy again. Create in me a good, clean heart, God-filled with clean thoughts and right desires. Don't toss me aside, Banished from your presence forever. Amen amen. - Hey, I'll be right back. - ok. You know, there are easier ways to get laid Than having to go to church And pretend you believe in god. I believe in god, and not that it's any of your business, But Summer and I aren't... Having intimate relations. - Yeah, right. - Summer doesn't believe in premarital sex, Which is actually refreshing these days. When women and giris Are willing to give it up to just about anybody Who'll give them the time of day. So, she's a 30-year-old virgin? I doubt it. She's just trying to get you to Marry her by withholding sex. I bet she's never even been to this church before. Pastor Harold, This is Steve Tanner and his daughter Lauren. It's so nice to meet you. Summer's told us so much about you. I don't know what we would do without Her help with the children's ministry. She's a wonderful woman, but I don't have to tell you that. - No, you sure don't. - A word of advice? You better marry this girl before somebody Snatches her out from under you. Under him? No chance of that apparently. I'm not kidding. If you fee the ground shaking, It's the stampede of young men racing To march this girl to the altar. I don't doubt it. Well, we better get going before we get trampled. Thanks, pastor Harold. Bye. What are you, Eharmony? Incoming call: The Rock. Hello? This is Emily. Now? Uh, no, no problem. I'll be right there. Ok, bye. Who was that? That was the new coach. He's calling us in. But honey, it's Sunday and you need a day off. What day off? I'm supposed to being Doing a double at the pizza shack. And we really need the money. The first shift is usually slow. Maybe they won't need me. Look, why don't I drop you at the gym And I'll go to the shack And sweet-talk your boss. Don't sweet-talk anyone. And remember, they can't know I train at the Rock. So, what do you think's going on? Do you think we're in trouble? Why would we think we will in trouble? We will be if Sasha catches you With your phone later on the floor. I seriously don't know how I'm Going to get into practice. My head is pounding and I feel like dog. - Well, whose fault is that? - Thanks. Hey, do you think the boys got called in, too? Right now it looks like it's just you and me. - And her. - Is it just us? Well, why would Sasha just call the three of us in? Because he found out we went to the Kegger. - What if he found out? - Payson, how would he find out? No, there's no way. So what, it's just the four of us? How would we know? I hate to say it but I'm happy to see her here. She didn't go to the party, Which means we can't be in trouble. Cheers. So what are we doing here? I don't get it. Neither do I. I thought you all wanted to be exceptional. I thought you wanted to be Olympic Gymnasts, But apparently I was wrong. Apparently you're the kind of teenagers Who want to go to parties and get drunk. So, hey, let's get stupid! What's the matter? Why aren't you drinking your beers? That's what you want, isn't it? To be ordinary teenagers who screw up I don't want to be ordinary, And I never wanted to go to that Stupid party in the first place Then why did you? I went to make sure nobody got into any trouble. Oh, you went as a chaperone? How noble. And you? I went because they went. Did you know that sheep are so dumb that If the lead sheep jumps the cliff The rest of the flock will follow? Is that what you are? A little lamb? I don't even know what I'm doing here, Because wasn't even on this party. You're wasting my time! Give me one reason I shouldn't get on A plane and go back home right now! Because you can't! We need you, and we're sorry And we'll never do it again. We promise! Words. "I'm sorry,"I promise." You won't do it again because you're all on probation And if just one of you screws up, Even a little bit, and I am out of here. - Is that clear? - Yes, sir. - Is that clear? - Yes, sir. That's all I had to say. Excuse me. Did I dismiss you? It's one thing to say you're sorry, But I want you to really feel it. And I promise, after today, you will. Oh, excuse me? Um, you're the manager, right? Who wants to know? Are you with the feds? - What? - Uh, look, we're slammed. - You want to order anything? - No. I'm Emily's mother. Where the hell is she? We are slammed. Yes, you said that, hon. Um, look, she's not gonna be able To make her first shift due to Personal reasons of which I'm not at liberty to say. We're slammed. If she doesn't get someone To cover her shift, she is fired. One large pepperoni and pineapple pizza con extra queso. Damon Young reporting for duty, boss lady. Oh, I'm not the boss, I'm... ...Emily's... Sister. - I'm filling in. - Well, that makes two of us. I'm filling in for my buddy, Razor. So, you have no idea what to do, either? - Nada. - Great. Great. So, you must be Emily's, uh, younger sister. Right? Aren't you adorable. Well, your older sister is not bad, either. You know, you're the kind of boy that mothers Tell their daughters to stay away from. But you're far too young to be anyone's mother. Oh, you're good. Really good. Oh, look, there's an art fair downtown we could go to. Avery ask me to go for a movie. But Sunday is family day. Pason's practice that doesn't working That doesn't mean you and I Can't do something fun together. That's the key word, mom. "Fun." What about the planetarium? Ok, fine. Go to the movies. You could come with us. I'll find something to do. All alone. On family day. - Hey, Maggie, how are you? - Kaylie's not here. Uh, I'm here to see Leo. Sure you are. - Where's Kaylie? - Remember when you were my friend Before you started sneaking around with my sister? Carter, Carter. Where's our love? - I'm serious. - Don't worry. She still loves you. She was freaking out last night Because you're so wonderful And she doesn't deserve you. But unfortunately your kiss and make-up scene's Gonna have to wait, because "Sasha the terrible" - Called the giris to practice. - The giris? Lauren, too? I'm assuming. Since the bitch is back. Dude, she'll be home in a few hours. No, I need to talk to her, now. So what's so urgent that it can't wait? - I can't tell you. - Hey, man, Even though you dumped me for my sister, We're still friends. I... Oh, man, uh... I did something that I really regret... ...Something that I would just give anything to take back. Something that when I tell you, You're probably gonna want to kill me. One hundred. One-ten. One-twenty. I told you we shouldn't have gone to that stupid party! How in the hell did he find out? Someone must have told him, Payson. You think it was me? I'm in trouble here, too. As if you don't live for punishment. - That's the truth. - Hey? Whose side are you on? - Yeah, not hers. - Lucky I did go because you got trashed. I'd have loved to see miss Goody-Two-Shoes Drunk off her ass. I think this might be a little bit easier if we all shut up. We didn't see you at the party. Who were you there with? - I have friends. - I think you mean frenemies. You know who else was there? Carter. What's this? I said 300. - I can't. - Did you say," I can't go to the kegger?" Or, "I can't drink beer?" "I can't" is for losers. That's what you are? And seeing as your teammate just stopped, You can all start again from one. Legs up, ladies! Start again! Oh, no, you didn't. Do not tell me that you hooked up with Lauren last night. I was drinking and I don't know what the hell made me do it. Is there any reason why I shouldn't Smash your face right now. You should hit me. I deserve it. I'm not gonna hit you. What do I do? If you tell her, she's gonna be devastated. She'll never want to see you again. Which is impossible Because you guys both train at the Rock. So, in a way, what she doesn't know can't hurt her. - On the other hand... - What if Lauren tells her? If she did it already. I gotta get to the Rock. I gotta tell Kaylie before Lauren does. Good luck. Hey, one more thing. I thought you said you weren't gonna hit me. I changed my mind. 10 more minutes you got two 20s. So, did you talk to carter last night at the party? Why do you care? It's not like he's your boyfriend. At least that's what you told everyone... That I lied about you and carter again. To get you kicked out of the gym, right? I was just curious that somebody Else from the gym. What's there? So you don't want to know what we talked about? Can you two just zip it before Sasha Makes us start all over again? What's up with him anyway? Is he some sort of sadist or something? We went to a party. Big deal. It is a big deal. Do you think Kelly Parker's going to parties? I doubt it. Not with that horsey face. That's a wrap on me. Have fun ladies! Thank god you're here. The new coach is crazy. I hope you're here to set him straight. I'm here to talk to him about the Rock, Not to get you out of practice. This isn't practice, it's torture! Sasha? Could I have a word with you? In private? - I'm a little busy right now. - It won't take long. Daddy? Oh, you can all start again. Thirty climbs in 15 minutes. You know who made all of these possible, right? Me. I built the Rock from nothing, Into one of the top five gymnastics clubs in the country. I even personally bankrolled most of it. - These are my dividends. - Congratulations. Thanks. But it's not enough, you know that. You need to convince the board to reinstall me - As president and manager. - Why must I convince them? Politics. Some of the other parents have personal agendas, Alex Cruz, for example, is a real hothead, Which is what tanked his baseball career. But it's your call. If you insist That you need me to run this place. That'll be all it takes. Do you have a close relationship with your daughter? - What? - Can she talk to you? Yeah, I mean, yeah, of course. But what's that got to do with Rock. I'm just wondering if she has anyone to talk to. We talk, and she has her friends. So you'll talk to the board? You make a very convincing argument, Tanner Tell you what. Why don't I sleep on it? And then I'll get back to you in the morning. Excellent. That's enough on the ropes, ladies. Upper body work on the bar till I get back. Oh, looks like this is one coach daddy can't buy, huh? Oh, I'm sorry, did you just say something? I was too busy thinking about What Carter told me last night So, uh, I 'll look forward to hearing from you, then. And, please don't forget, I brought you here. And don't forget, I agreed to come. May I help you? Oh, hey. I'm a gymnast here. Carter Anderson I know who you are. Oh. I just need to get something I left in the gym. Something that can't wait till tomorrow? Uh, it's something I need now. Tell me what it is. I'll go get it for you. Uh, it's, uh... Mustn't be that important if you can't remember what it is. Besides, it's Sunday. The gym's closed. Oh. Ok. I'll just... Get it tomorrow. Leo? It's me. Does your dad still have keys to the Rock? Ok, that's enough. No matter how brilliantly I coach you, You won't succeed without each other. You need your teammates standing beside you, Rooting you on to do the superhuman Feats this sport requires to be great. And maybe it's just me, but I'm sensing A certain lack of bonding here. So I think we need to clear the air. Now this is a little ritual I like to do from time to time. Actually, I saw it on Ellen. On that piece Of paper, I want you write down Any resentments you're harboring towards each other. We will then fold them up and burn them in this bin. Then we can all start anew, with a nice clean slate. Off you go. This is good. By putting your resentments in this bin, You're pledging to release the past. We will set them on fire and burn the past away. But first, I'll read them aloud. I thought they were secret. I don't recall saying they were secret. Besides, how do you expect to clear the air If you don't know what's in it? Don't worry. They'll still be anonymous. Ok... "I resent that no one trains as hard as I do, Or wants this as much as I do. I also resent the Sasha doesn't Seem to realize I'm better than everyone else." Gee, I wonder who wrote that one. No comments from the peanut gallery, please. "I resent that my best friend tried To get me kicked out of the gym And that she won't believe I'm not dating carter." Interesting. "I resent that my friends who I've Known and trained 10 years Didn't stand up for me when miss trailer trash showed up And knocked me out of third place, Which only happened because I had a bad day, Not because she's better than me, Because she has no technique And no consistency and will tank At nationals' exclamation mark - Well, it's true. - What did I Say about shutting your mouth. - Sor... - Shush! Ok, last but I'm sure not least. "I resent that no one has made me feel welcome here." Now, don't we feel better? Ok. Now today's conditioning is over. Whoa, whoa, whoa? Where are you going? I said conditioning was over. Now you'll clean all the mats. - All the mats? - That could take hours! - I can't stay. - You have something better to do? Go to another party perhaps? I just... I have somewhere I have to be. Does anybody else have somewhere they have to be? - Yeah. - You're in good company, then. You will all stay and clean the mats Or don't bother showing up tomorrow or ever. - Is that clear? - Yes, sir. All right, then. I'll notify your Parents that you staying late And to avoid distractions, if you'll Just surrender your cell phones Kaylie, now. I don't have a cell phone. If you're expecting a call from carter, You may be disappointed - You don't know what your talkin about. - Don't I? I'll check in on you periodically. And I trust you know where the cleaning supplies are? Oh, and they better pass inspection. - This sucks! - Ya think? Let's just get this done as fast as possible. She's right. Let's stop complaining and get it done. You know what, Pay, why don't you Do it, since you think You're so much better than everybody else, right? As if that's big news. I didn't know he was going to read them out loud, ok? Well, I'm glad he did, because now Everyone knows Kaylie seeing Carter. I wrote that I wasn't seeing carter, actually. Sasha's not stupid like Marty. He obviously knows what's going on. Yeah, he knew we went to that party. Because someone must have told him. - It wasn't me! - Oh, I guess he's a psychic now. And by the way, Lauren. Emily beat you fair and square in Marty's trials. I mean, do you expect us all to walk out of nationals When you falling off the beam again? That's something different, ok? Ok, it's not about friendship or loyalty. When we're competing, we're competing against ourselves, Not each other. So let's band together and get this done. Yeah, but she's all out for herself anyways. Look who's talking! And you think you're better than anyone. Because I work harder than both of you! - Are you serious? - Will you all just shut up? Have you ever stopped to listen to yourself And all your stupid, petty little problems you bitch about? You guys have somebody to do everything for you. Cook, clean, pay your dues, buy you clothes. All you have to do is train. Do you know how much I wish That's all I had to worry about? But I have to work. At a real job. Which, if I'm not at in 30 minutes, I'm gonna be fired. So would you please shut up? And get going. Uh, table ten, six, could be eight, I don't quite have the numbers down, Needs their fried cheese sticks. Although I have to say, anything fried Is the last thing you need. OK, got it, um... We need fried queso sticks rapido! - See. - You speak spanish? Un poquito. I've been a waitress, a hotel maid And I worked at the dmv for a very short, dark period. - It helps to be bilingual. - So, What brings you to Boulder? And don't say temp work at the pizza shack. My daughter trains at the Rock. Emily's a gymnast? She's a world class gymnast. She has a real shot at the Olympics. That's why we moved here. Here you go. Oh, and all that was supposed to be a secret. - Why? - Because Emily's a very private person. - You mean guarded. - Yeah, it's my fault, ok? I'm the tell-all type and she wants to be anything but me. - Razor... - Damon. Whatever, table six needs their cheese sticks. And you! Get back to work. And you, get some manners! I'm takin' a five! You know what her secret is? She's a meth-head. Honey, that is no secret. How are you going to work and be at the gym Every waking hour until nationals? I don't know. You could get kicked out of the gym for working at a job. We could also get kicked out of our apartment if I don't. Will your boss really fire you if you don't show up to work? Yeah, that's how it works in the real world. Look, I know you said We haven't made you feel very welcome here. But we've invited you places. You guys also completely dissed me When I showed up here. Well, we've tried since then. And by the way, You don't really want to share things about yourself. I think I just did. What's the point? I'm not gonna get to work on time. I'm screwed. Lauren, come on. Get back to work. Why don't you go? We'll cover for you. - Why? - Because you covered for me with Carter, And I haven't forgotten that. All right, guys, listen up. Emily's going to work and we're covering for her. Speak for yourself. For once I have to agree with Lauren on this. Sasha's right outside the door. What about your all-for-one speech? What about supporting each other? In the gym. Is that where it stops? In here? So outside these walls it doesn't matter What we do to each other. Guys, if we can't spot each other out there, How can we trust each other in here? Go. - Go. - What about her? I guess I owe you one. Ok, so. You can't go out the front door, back door's locked. - Which leaves... - How about the windows? How're we gonna get her up there? Since she's so awesome Why doesn't she vault up there? I'm kidding. She could... She could climb the rope, and then we just kind of ...Gotta swing her over to the window. Ok. I'll go look out for Sasha. - Sasha Belov. - Ah, Mr. Cruz... Alex... No, I was not aware he was a hothead. *I'm doing 90 and I'm coming for you *No one to stop me,'cause I know what to do. *I'm running streets like a running train. *I'm like the devil in this dangerous game. Yeah, as a matter of fact, Steve Tanner Came to speak to me today. Thanks. He's coming! I understand. Well Alex, you make a very convincing argument For why you should manage the gym. The rope! Alex, Alex, Alex, why don't I sleep on it And perhaps we can talk in the morning. Ok, great. Bye. *He told me to strike - Where's Emily? - In the bathroom. Carry on. What do you think Sasha would do if he catches us? Besides kick us out of the gym? Or go back to England? Or tar and feather us? Oh, well, he said to support each other. Maybe he'll be impressed. I'm gonna get an ulcer, just know it. - What is that? - It's my house. They just delivered it. - What do you think? - You're gonna live in the parking lot? I prefer a short commute. No kidding. I'm gonna pick up Payson. Oh, I left you a message. The girls are cleaning the mats. They're gonna be a few more hours. Cleaning mats? You didn't call them in on Sunday for practice? Not exactly, no. - Look Mr. Belov... - Sasha, please. Sundays aren't just the only day these girls have to rest, It's the only day most of them Get to spend any time and all with their family. They need that. We need that. Sundays are family day in our house And speaking for us that is sacred. I understand. So where is your husband? He had to work. But that that was just exception. - And Becca? - She went to a movie with a friend. So, you spent family day all alone. Yes, I did, and it sucked. Please, sit. So, what do you do? I mean, besides driving your children to the gym. Well, that's a full time job. So, you wouldn't be interested in managing the gym, then? What? Look, I need someone who cares about the children, Not the politics. And you seem like a capable woman. Well, thank you. But I don't know anything about managing a gym. And I haven't had a job since before Payson was born. I don't know anything about managing a gym, either. But you manage your family And you seem to do a pretty good job on that. I'd have to talk to my husband about it first. Could I sleep on this and let you know in the morning? Absolutely. So, Emily's working a double? She should be here any minute. Maybe I should hang around. Help with the dinner rush. You know, I thought that you were razor's buddy. I am. So, how would he feel about you invading his territory? He's the one that asked me to fill in. And it's not like Razor's her boyfriend. Yeah, I wish. Emily's never had time for boys. Ever since she was a little girl, Swinging like a monkey in the jungle gym. Gymnastics has been her whole life. You know, I don't think she's ever even been kissed. Mom? What are you doing? Uh... Honey, I had to fill in for you. If not, your boss was going to fire you. You worked all day for me? With... Him? Look, I'm just filling for Razor. But it's cool. Your mom's awesome. You know what? I'm just gonna punch out, that's it. - What did you tell him? - Nothing. I swear. Call me if you need a ride! What the hell took you so long? It's not like I could just go up to my dad And ask him for the keys to the Rock. Dude, you sure you wanna do this? I have to get in there before Lauren tells Kaylie about us. You realize if you get caught sneaking into the gym, Belov could throw you out of the club entirely. Yeah, well, bring it on. I wonder what other secrets the playground prodigy has. I bet having a job is just one of them. - Everyone has secrets though. - Yeah, We know. Kaylie, care to share? I don't have any secrets. Well, I have a secret. - I'm not a virgin anymore. - What? You lost your virginity? - When? - Last night, at the party. Last night at the party? With who? Lo, you have to tell us. Just some guy I met. I didn't know him. You had sex with a guy you didn't even know? Yeah, so what? Lauren how could you? I was sick of being a virgin And I'm sick of only doing gymnastics And just wanted to be like other girls our age. Not all girls our age are having sex. And we aren't like every other girl. Well, at least they have boyfriends. What do I have besides gymnastics? And a father who's ready to replace me With some bible-beating gold-digger! What? My dad's dating his secretary and she's Totally manipulating him into marrying her. Wow, that's a bummer. I can't believe you had sex. Don't feel sorry for me. I'm glad I did it. - What was it like? - It was ok. It's not exactly romantic. Yeah, I've heard It's never good for girls their first time. Even if you're in love with the guy. Aren't you afraid having sex will Stimulate your hormones or something? I mean, what if you get big boobs or big hips? That'd kill your gymnastics. Having sex doesn't suddenly give you J-Lo butt or Pam Anderson boobs. Especially not the way we work out. How can you take a risk on something like that? Our bodies are everything we have. Everything we work for. I'm not having sex until I have a gold medal, And maybe not even after that. What? We have our entire lives to have sex, But only one chance at the Olympics. At least Kaylie and I aren't dumb Enough to blow it on boyfriends. Ok! Ok! I have a boyfriend. Yes, I'm with Carter. I don't believe this! Look, I'm sorry I lied to you, But I didn't think that you would understand. Kaylie, I don't understand. Why isn't gymnastics enough for you? And what about me? Don't I deserve an apology? She totally lied about her and Carter. No. You don't deserve an apology For betraying your friend. - Thank you. - And you're no better. You lied to your best friends. What happened to us? We used to tell each other everything. Now it's all secrets and lies And we're acting like a bunch of little bitches. Remember when we said we weren't gonna be those Girls who stabbed each others in the back? Well, guess what? We're those girls now. Is that really the way You want things to be from now on? - No. - No. I'm sorry I told Marty about you and Carter. Yeah, and I'm sorry I lied to you. - Both of you. - Ok. Kiss and make up. I missed you and Denver totally sucked. You guys, we should stop messing around And get back to work. Yeah, she's right. Yeah, we should really stop messing around. Carter? It's ok, they know about us. We told all our secrets today. How did you get in here? Leo gave me the keys. There's something that I really need to tell you... I know. I know. I'm so sorry about last night. - Me, too. - It was all my fault. No, it was mine. Hey, can you two lovebirds hash this out later? If Sasha catches him in here, we're actually dead. - I'll call you later? - Ok. - I love you. - I love you, too. So, who is Emily Kmetko? Don't you have somewhere to be? I'm sensing you don't like talking about yourself. I'm sensing that your shift Was over a really long time ago. Ouch. Have you always been such a snob? Have you always been such an ass? I don't know. I was told I was a sweet kid, But I'm having a hard time believing it. - Ditto. - You don't like me. I don't know you. So then, let's get to know each other. Where'd you live before you moved to Boulder? Fresno, San Diego, Vegas, Tucson, Houston. My mom likes fresh starts. And your dad? Not in the picture. Was he ever? Not so much. Not exactly a stick-around kind of guy But not the men are. Am I sensing some man hate? Not hate. Just... Observation based on experience. So... How about you? Have you been in Boulder your whole life? Ah, it feels like it. The minute I'm 18, I'm outta here. - Where are you going? - LA. Didn't you know, I'm gonna be a rock star. It's gotta be hard moving around all the time. Yeah, well, I've dealt with it. So you like being an outsider. - I wouldn't say I like it. - Sure you do. You can stand on the sidelines and observe Without having to belong because that Would mean exposing who you really are. Somebody's been watching a lot of Dr. Phil. Dr. Phil. It's gotta be difficult Being an outsider when you are part of team. - At the Rock. - How do you... Never mind, my mother the blabbermouth. Give her a break. She's proud of you. And don't worry. I'm good at keeping secrets. I've really gotta get out of here. Do you know where Susie is? Listen, I'll tell you what, If you do a standing tuck right here, I'll cover for you. Ok, how do you know a standing tuck is? 'Cause I'm not stupid. - Ok. So, if I do this... - You're free to go. Nice! Nice that was really good. You should see my standing full twist. Hm. I'd love to. Did my mother say anything else? Incredibly private I'm embarrassing. No. Scout's honor. Why do I have a hard time Believing you were ever Boy Scout? Well, because you're not a stupid girl. Thanks. So, what are you gonna tell him? Looking good. The mats, that is. And Emily? Here I am. Ok. I want to leave you with something to think about. There's an old proverb that says, "A candle losses nothing by lighting another candle." That's what you here have to do. Light each other. Very good work today. I'll see you tomorrow at five a.m. Hey, Kmetko. You're welcome to get in on this. That's cool. I'm not really that big on group hugs. All right, well you asked for it. - I'm glad we're friends again. - Me too. I'm glad we're all friend again. Come here. I'm in the middle! - Bye. - See ya, Emily. Bye, Payson. How was your day? Great. How about you, mom? It was interesting. How would you feel if I started managing the Rock? - Ha! That's funny, mom. - Why is that funny? - So, everything worked out ok? - Yeah, thank god. That was really cool of you to fill for me. If you hadn't, I would've been fired. Thanks. You're welcome. It was kinda fun. And that Damon boy is cute, Let me tell you. What do you think? I think he's kinda full of himself. Oh, and nice job on Keeping your mouth shut about the Rock. Honey, I'm really proud of you, ok? It just kind of slip out. - What else did you tell him? - Nothing. - Mom? - I swear. Nothing! Come on! - I offered to manage the Rock. - Still mulling. Lauren? - Can I talk to you for a second? - Sure. I just... I wanted to say that I feel awful about what we did last night. And it was my fault. And I shouldn't Have let things get out of control. It was a mistake and I take full responsibility. Relax. It was no big deal. It's not like it was my first time. Well, thanks for not telling Kaylie. I didn't do it for you. I did it for her. She's still my best friend. Right. Hey, did you happen To see my cell phone last night? I went back today, but it wasn't there. No. I guess you lost it. See ya. What was that all about? Nothing. Nothing at all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 