Make It or Break It: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Make It or Break It 
 s1e6 - Between a Rock and a Hard Place - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Make It or Break It (2009–2012): Season 1, Episode 6 - Between a Rock and a Hard Place - full transcript 
 Sasha and Marty decide to have a competition between The Rock and Denver. Unfortunately, Kelly Parker, Payson's rival, has just joined Denver. Payson is determined to beat Kelly, so she trains harder than ever, which causes an old back wound to return. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Make it or Break it I don't want us to be a distraction Before Nationals. I am so lucky to have you. If you want to be friends with benefits, You know where to find me My mother doesn't give a crap about me. What is she talking about? Lauren's mother is an addict. She loved getting high more than her own kid. You bid on my outfit? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I consider it a wise investment. I'll sell it on eBay When you become a gold medalist. I left because it was a better move for me. I'm gonna be ten times better without You than I ever was with you Do what you have to do. Goodbye, Marty. All right, now. If we put that move into your routine it Will lift the difficulty level to a 6.8. That's as high as Payson's. That's as high as anybody's. With this routine, we could win it all 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 At Nationals. Ready to do another? Did you see that? Sasha just put a Layout in Lauren routine Yup. Looks like she's ready for it. Uh, you're not at all nervous? Her D.O.D. Is probably as high as yours now Nationals are three weeks away. I don't have time to be nervous. Sasha. You're not ready for that. I just landed it. Barely. Do a double tuck from now on. But I need that move If I'm gonna make it in the top ten. Emily, you have incredible natural Gifts as a gymnast. Incredible It's amazing you've come this far Without any real consistent coaching I think you'll make a decent splash at Nationals, But you're not top ten material yet. Marty thought so. That's why he brought me here. Marty is no longer here. Though I am expecting him momentarily. What? Awkward. What the hell is he doing here? Do I have to light a fire under Your asses? It's crunch time Go! You haven't aged a bit. Well, you have. Guess you're still hitting the sauce? I guess you're still hitting on unavailable women? Still reeling from that one, huh? Maybe a bit, at the time. But it did allow me more focus To win four Olympic gold medals So I've decided you're nuts. Yeah, it is a ballsy idea. But then, hey, I thought you had balls. I don't know what you have up your sleeve. What I do know is that I'm on top of my game. And they just pulled you out of the mothballs. We accept your offer. It's on. Gather 'round. I took the job of bringing this club to Nationals in under the span of two months. It's a big risk. You're a fine club, you are. But you need more confidence, More motivation, more momentum, If you're gonna win at Nationals. And, well, Just as I took a big gamble in coming here, I have decided to double down on that gamble I've invited Denver to an invitational Here, and they have accepted. This is high stakes poker, ladies. We are the two best clubs in America. The eyes of the entire gymnastics world will be upon us. If we beat Denver, we'll go to Nationals With an overwhelming advantage We'll be seen as a superior club. But if we lose to Denver... We won't lose. We can't lose. So what do you say? You up for the challenge? Yes, Sasha. I'm sorry, what was that? Yes, Sasha! Now, that's the level of enthusiasm And confidence I'm looking for And with that, I know we can beat Denver. All right, we got work to do. Back to work. Let's go. Belov... I forgot to mention one little thing. The Denver Club has Kelly Parker now. Best gymnast in the country. She just joined last week. It's amazing timing. Anyway, cheerio. Kelly Parker? I can't believe Denver has Kelly Parker now. We're screwed. Is she as full of herself As she comes off in interviews? Oh, worse. Since she won Nationals last year She's become quite the celebrate. She's practically at every film Premiere and night club opening And she's launching her own cosmetics line. And they're paying her a ga-zillion dollar. Beautiful, rich, and number one in the country. - I hate her. - I hate her. I'm not scared of Kelly Parker. I'm training my ass off all year just to beat her. The most important thing is we win as a team. We have to go to Nationals with the world knowing We're the number one club in the country Yeah, well, according to Sasha, I'm not ready for prime time Even though he's barely pays attention to me. Well, he's right. She's isn't consistent. Uh, she was consistent enough to Beat you when Marty was there So how are things with lover boy? Great. He's amazing. How many guys would put their Girlfriend's careers before having sex Not many. Unless they're getting it from somewhere else. Thanks. That's a really nice thing to say. Sorry, but guys are dogs. Carter's not like that. He loves me. And he would never cheat on me And if he did, he knows that would be the end. You sure he knows that? Positive. Could have told me you were gonna be here It was a last minute invite I miss you. You're sweet, Marty. Well, if you ever need a friend... It's over, Marty. But thanks. Yeah, well... I did the layout today and I landed it perfectly. - No way?! - Sasha's upping my degree Of difficulty to Payson's level He says my routine could win it all! I can't wait to show it off at the invitational. That's awesome! See, I told you... I'm gonna say hi to Kim. So are you psyched out for this Denver meet? I guess. - You know what I'd be more psyched about? - Hmm? Day off with you. Can't we just run away together when this is over. Yeah, right. Explain that to Sasha and your father. You wouldn't cheat on me, right? To have sex, I mean? You're the only girl I want to have sex with. I don't need to get it anywhere else. I know. I'm sorry. I love you. I love you too. I'm just so proud of you, sweetheart. O-12. It's gonna be our year. There's nothing I want more than To win us an Olympic medal. Me either. Really? Because it doesn't seem like it Means as much to you anymore. Now that you're pre-occupied with Summer. Honey, I can be with summer and Still give you all the support. No, you can't. I need all of you to do this. You can't be a 100 percent committed to her and me. Lauren. At least promise me you're not gonna marry her. Marriage isn't even on the table. Promise? I promise. I can't believe Kelly Parker is coming here. Who cares? We have Payson Keeler. Hey. Folding boxes? Yeah, it's kind of like origami on steroids. - Here. - What's this? Nothing really. The Stones. Brussels, '73. - I thought you might dig it. - Thanks. "Thanks"? "Thanks"? That's what you're giving me? That's a rare concert, little miss. Look, Damon, I just really need to Focus on my gymnastics right now. Ok, easy, hot shot. I burned you a CD I didn't ask you to marry me You're not even my type. - Your type? - Yeah. I like girls that have been kissed More than once in their life. And if you think that buying that jacket At the Fund-raiser was some grand gesture Maybe I just like separates. Mm-mm! All in favor of self serve fro-yo, say, "yo, yo!" No, thanks, Mom. Nothing frozen. Mm-hm, except for your lower vertebrae. - You're icing your back? - It's fine. Says the kid with the pain threshold of a gladiator. It's nothing. Just a little tweak on the vault. This is your disc. There's nothing Little about an injury there. - I'm talking to Sasha. - Mom! No. No. No. It's fine. I just need to rest it tonight. Trust me, I can handle this. Injuries are part of the sport. I know when I can push it and when I can't. You're not just pushing through Because of the Invitational? It's gonna be fine. You know, a little vanilla might help. Mom. Trust me. - Pay...? - Mom. I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be a jerk. I just feel like everything I've worked for My entire life is riding on this new coach Why am I supposed to do everything his way? Is he a clown? Not exactly. He's a former Olympic medalist. But I have my own way of doing things, you know? I have my own style. It's gotten me this far. Look, even though I taught myself three chord structure, If Keith Richards Walked through that door Right now and offered me tips on noodling, I'd listen. Yeah, but we have a meet coming up, And if I don't blow it out of the water then I'm not gonna get noticed at Nationals I just feel like he's holding me back. I think if he knows his stuff, maybe you should trust him. If you haven't noticed, I don't do trust very well. Yeah, well, copy that. So, can regular people come to these meets? Why? You'd wanna come? Come see you in a leotard? Hell yeah. Yeah. I guess I could use some moral support. Good. I gotta warn you that y The morality of my support is definitely in question. Nice, Emily. Good rhythm. Keep it steady. Now the double tuck. Excellent! That's how you do it. It feels too easy. That's the point. Until you can make it Look easy you don't do it in competition Like the full in back out. Trust me. How can you act like the perfect boyfriend After you seduced your girlfriend's best friend. Look, I feel terrible what happened. So do I, Which is why you need to break up with Kaylie. What? If you break up with her you never have to tell her. And she won't hate me or you. I love Kaylie. I'm not breaking up with her. And I'm telling her about us after nationals. You think after Nationals it'll be ok? You're living in a dream world if You think she'll ever forgive you Think about it, Carter. Lauren, get back to work. Look, I know it's not gonna be easy, But if you really love her, you'll let her go. - You wanted to see me? - Payson, come in. Your mother told me Your back injury's flaring up again. Herniated disc. Right? I told her it wasn't anything. She wasn't supposed to tell you. You should've mentioned it to me. If your back's that bad You have to sit out the Denver meet. I can't sit out a meet against Kelly Parker. Everybody's gonna think I'm scared of her. Why can't I just get a shot of cortisone Those doses need to be spaced out. When was the last you had one? At least six months. And don't worry, My parents are cool with it. What are we cool with? Payson says you're ok with her taking cortisone. Oh, we are? Payson, you just had cortisone shot two months ago. It's been longer than that. Why can't I just get another one? Because we have an agreement. No more than one shot every six months. Other parents let their kids do it all the time. Sasha, will you tell her it's not that big of a deal I'm with your mother on this. I don't believe this! You're my mom, you're supposed to be on my side, And you're holding me back. Don't you get it? I'm not trying out for a cheerleading squad. I'm trying to make the Olympics - Payson... - Let her cool it off. What am I supposed to do? Am I being a horrible parent? No. But she's got a point. Being a good parent of a normal teenager And being a good parent of an Olympic gold medalist Isn't always the same thing. Great. I still have trouble coming to terms with The fact that my 16-year-old has a career. Look, it's no secret that I blew my knee out. Must've had at least five shots of cortisone In the two months leading up to the Olympics. There's no standard, no protocol. And it's legal in this sport. I know, but we thought it was best If we erred on the safe side. There's long term liver damage If she does too much of that stuff. It could weaken her tendons... Training for the Olympics isn't always safe. What are you trying to tell me? I'm telling you... I'm telling you I understand. Congratulations on your new degree of difficulty. What are you still doing here? You know, Lauren. I have put up with a lot of crap from you. But I can handle it 'cause I realize now Where a lot of your anger comes from. I'm not angry. I would be. If my mother abandoned me and if I felt like I was losing my father to another woman. Yeah, well, I don't have to worry about that anymore. My father told me this morning that He will never marry you. Carter? Can I have a word? Uh... Sure. Take a seat. Oh, um, ok. So I'm gonna make this short And to the point my girls are off-limits. They don't date. They don't loiter at the chalk box, Batting their lashes at the ever so cute gym studs They're here to train For the biggest event of their lives. For most of them, This Olympic cycle is Their only chance to realize their dreams. As you know, These young women, they peak in their teens. You're not gonna peak until your early 20s. You have time. They don't. You need to respect that. If you don't, your career at the rock is finished And I'll do my personal best to ruin you. Are we clear? Yes, sir. - Have a good night. - Bye. You know tomorrow is a big day. Kaylie, you're up two pounds. Come on, it's crunch time! I know. I'll just stick to egg whites and ice from now on. Sweetie, I understand pressure. But what separates champions From those suckers whose name nobody remembers Is the ability to accelerate under clutch situations. Like now. And you're a champion. Ok? - Ok. - That's my girl. What's a doctor's scale doing in my family room? For motivation. I want Kaylie to see it, Front and center every day. Listen, honey, I was thinking. It's been a really long time since you And I went away, you know just the two of us. No, Ronnie, This is no time to be thinking about a vacation. We have to focus on Kaylie. This is everything she's work so hard Everything she's dreamed of. Did you ever stop and think maybe she dreams Of being a real 16-year-old girl Who goes to the prom and has a boyfriend? Boyfriends? No. Kaylie is not like real girls. She's special. And quite frankly, if I had parents Who gave a crap about my dreams Maybe things would have turned out differently for me. I know, honey, I know. But Kaylie's not you. She's not you either. You forget what it's like to have a dream, Ronnie? No. No, I haven't forgotten. So Lauren said something interesting today. - Oh? - She said you told her You were never gonna marry me. That's just not... She misconstrued the conversation. Did she? I might have down-played our relationship a little, But you know Lauren. With nationals coming up, I just don't want her to lose focus. There will always be Nationals, Steve. There will always be a meet or a practice Or an invitational or an Olympics. And my life, our life, Can't skid to a stop for each one. I know, you're right, but... Maybe you should be a man, and stop letting Your 16-year-old daughter call all the shots. And since you can't, bye, Steve. Summer... Will you marry me? Hey, it's me. Hi. I... I thought I'd take you up on needing a friend. I know it sounds soppy, But I would give anything To have your arms around me right now. I told you it was soppy. I just... I don't know why I called. I just... I was... I was having a moment. Yeah. Ok. Good night, Marty. Kaylie, what... What are you doing? What am I doing? What are you doing telling Marty You want to be in his arms? - That wasn't Marty. - Really? So if I dialed star 69 right now, Marty wouldn't answer? Kaylie, Kaylie, I'm am sorry. Oh, my god, mom. You and... You and Marty? - Shh. - Is that why he went to Denver? Kaylie, there is absolutely no excuse for this, But Marty and I did have a brief... Affair. But it's... It's... It's over. It has been over. How can you do this to my dad? How could you cheat on him? Honey, I can't imagine how you feel right now, But this is between your father and me. How, if he doesn't even know about it? There are lots of things Your father doesn't know about. Like you and Carter. Baby, I'm so sorry. Are you ok? I just can't believe it. I mean, I always thought my parents were happy. How could my mother do this to my dad? Are you gonna tell him. I don't see how I can. My mom knows about us. Oh, man. Don't worry, she's not gonna tell my dad. I guess she's known and hasn't told him. This is just so messed up. Thank god I have you. I just... I feel like you're the Only person that I can believe I just wanted to give you this. Carter, it's beautiful. It was my mother's. Before she died she told me to give it to The girl I wanted to spend my life with. And that's you. We don't have to have everything Because we're forever. If... That's what you want too. Yes! Yes, that's all I want. So, whatever happens, Between now and then. Don't forget, you're the one. I love you. I won't forget. I love you too. Welcome to the Rocky Mountain Gymnastics Invitational, Where the Rock will be facing off against The Denver Elite Gymnastics Club. Pin one of those on me. I'm good to go. I trust her. How does that feel? Good. So? Can I compete? Start warming up. But I don't want You pushing yourself too hard today. So you nervous? I don't get nervous. But I am a little surprised to see you here. I thought, after you found out my Dad wasn't going to marry you You might have a little self-respect to call it off. But here you are, still following Him around like a stray dog. Actually, I mentioned our conversation To your father there today. And? And he asked me to marry him. And I said yes. Good luck out there today. This is four-time gold medalist Sasha Belov's first competitive meet Since becoming the new head coach here at the Rock. Expecting someone special? Like the cute band boy Who bought your outfit at the fashion show? We're just friends. Right. Let's welcome the Denver Elite Gymnastics Club, Led by reigning Nationals Champion, Kelly Parker. Wow. Kelly parker is even prettier in person. And bitchier. Look at her walk in here like she owns the place. Oh, Payson? I was so looking forward to kicking your ass at Nationals But now it's not gonna be nearly As fun after I kick your ass here. You know what's sad about you? You're a legend in your own mind, And while you've been selling mascara and blush, I've been training, day and night. So we'll see who gets their ass kicked. You're cute. But I'm the reigning national champion. I have no intention of letting you Or your little friends forget it. You know, These devil horns really suit you. Ok, gather 'round. Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to get started. This is it, ladies. If we're gonna be the team to beat at Nationals, We have got to win. So everyone stay focused, do the routines As we practiced them, and we will. Ok. We're on beam first. They're on vault. Bring it in. One, two, three. Rock on! The rock's Lauren Tanner, first up on beam. Reigning national champion Kelly Parker, up on vault. Kelly Parker sticks the landing. Up next, newcomer Emily Kmetko On beam with a split mount. A solid performance from Miss Kmetko. Next up on beam, Payson Keeler. - Yes! - Payson Keeler, With the highest score in first rotation Edging out Kelly Parker in the individual standing. Good work. Let's keep this rolling. We're on floor next. Kaylie, let's see you shine. At the end of the first rotation, The rock is in the lead By more than a point over the Denver Club. Nice. Good job. Now, Kaylie Cruz on floor to start The second rotation for the Rock. The Denver Elite are on bars. Next up for Denver, Anna Alvarez. Kaylie Cruz with an impressive routine on floor. And now, Kelly Parker up on bars, Looking to catch Payson Keeler. Last year at Nationals, Payson Keeler won silver Edged out by Kelly Parker. Kelly Parker with a flawless dismount. A costly mistake. Payson Keeler steps out of bounds on her final pass. And after the second rotation, The Denver Club has pulled ahead of Rock. Well, old friend. You ready to fold? Girls. We've got some serious catching up to do, ok? That means you put everything you've got into Everything. Understand? Payson Keeler is up on vault for the Rock. Beautiful vault. That will get a big score. Payson Keeler scoring a huge 15.700 on vault. That puts her just ahead of Kelly Parker In the individual standings. You ok? Pain. Scale of one to ten. And don't lie to me. Nine. Payson, are you ok? - I'm taking her out of the competition. - No! You can't. I'm beating Kelly Parker. I can't quit now. Payson, you're in way too much pain to go out there. Not if I get a cortisone shot. Please, mom. I need you to say yes. Ok. Let's get the shot. Let's go. -This is the last rotation. - Come on, ladies. The Rock is on uneven bars, Denver is on floor. This is it. Let's do what we came here to do. Floor is Kelly Parker's best event. Yeah? And bars are about to become ours. Let's go. Kelly Parker on floor for the Denver Elite. Band boy a no-show? I don't know what you're talking about. Parker performs a flawless floor routine... Beat that, Keeler. Taking the lead over Payson Keeler. - Payson... - Yeah? This will decide the all-around winner. Payson Keeler needs an almost-perfect score To beat Kelly Parker Keeler sticks it. That's as good as it gets. And with the highest score at the meet, Payson Keeler edges out Kelly Parker For the individual title. Ok, Lauren, we've got this in the bag. Just you and Emily left. No major slip-ups and we're home free, ok? Got it. Up next, Lauren Tanner. A clean routine could secure the win for the Rock. An unusual error on a fairly routine move. She totally had that! Why'd she let go? A good recovery for Tanner. We might be screwed. Ok, Emily, you do your routine like we practiced. No frills. I can land the full in back out. I know I can! We play it safe. There's still a chance we can pull this off. Up next is Emily Kmetko. It all comes down to this final routine. So I heard she was someone to watch But I haven't seen her do anything out there An eight-year-old couldn't do. Emily. An unfortunate fall for Kmetko and the team. And that clinches the win for Denver. The Denver Elite Club is the Rock Invitational Champion By less than four-tenths of a point. A disappointing loss for the Rock on their own turf. What happened to you out there? You can do that move flawlessly. I've seen you. You taught me a new move, daddy. - What? - Giving up. You gave up on our dreams, so I figured I could too. - I didn't give up. - Yes, you did. When you asked Summer to marry you last night. Better watch out, dad. I might just give up on Say, in Boston at Nationals. Well, win some, lose some. Gambling rarely pays off, my friend. I wouldn't say that. Payson Keeler beat Kelly Parker One week before Nationals. I'd say that's a gamble well worth it. You know, you were right. Now that I've kicked your ass here at the Rock, It's not gonna be nearly as fun when I do it at Nationals. Mom! Did you see that? Did you see it? I did it! Thank you so much for trusting me, mommy. Go home. Look... I know you're mad. You're right. I should've listened to you. I shouldn't have done it. But I thought I had to try so that we could win. I promise it'll never happen again, Especially at Nationals. I know. Because you're not going to Nationals. - What?! - You heard me. - But you can't! - Go home, Emily. I'm so stupid! I never should have gone for it. So why did you? I wanted us to win. I wanted to prove that I'm better than he thinks. What a joke. You are better than he thinks And you will prove it to him. How? I'm not going to Nationals. Of course you are. Sasha will cool off, And tomorrow he'll forget all about it. No, he won't. He will never forget. Oh! Look who's here. Well, I'm just gonna go get ready for bed. Hey. How was the meet? Why do you care? Listen, I'm sorry I wasn't there. Yeah, well, to be honest I didn't even notice. I got this today. Razor sent it to me to give to you. Ok. So bros over hos. I get it. Still a pretty lame excuse as a friend, you know? That's the thing, Emily. I don't think I can just... I don't think I could just be your friend. You know? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 