Make It or Break It: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Make It or Break It 
 s2e3 - Battle of the Flexes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Make It or Break It (2009–2012): Season 2, Episode 3 - Battle of the Flexes - full transcript 
 After France, Payson is out of the national team but at least Emily swears, "there is not a boy in the world that could keep me away from the Olympics" - that is, just before the "new" boy walks in. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Having a nice night? Lauren Tanner will be competing today... - Yes! - ...In place of Emily Kmetko. And here's word from the National Committee. Unfortunately Payson's petition has been denied. She will not be joining the national team this year. Time to jam to The Rock, hotshots. Let's go. I'm not going today. I don't feel well. - Are you sick? - A little. I think I picked up something nasty in France. I don't think I should push it. I'm just gonna go back to bed. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're going to let her get away with that? - Becca... - She's obviously just embarrassed to face Sasha. He told her she wasn't ready to try out for the National Team. - Why didn't she listen? - It's partly my fault. I encouraged her. After all we've been through, I wanted to believe she could have the back surgery and just pick up where she left off. Well, what if she can't? Ever pick up where she left off? What are we gonna do then? Here's the laundry. Mother hates carnations. I told Consuelo that! What am I gonna do? Chill. You've been stressing for weeks about Gran's visit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Consuelo used the lavender spray didn't she? Mother considers anything less than aromatic bath linens uncivilized. Well there aren't enough essential oils in the world to civilize this! Did Chloe Kmetko spend the night here while I was in France? That's none of your business. I think you need to get a vasectomy. - What? - I'm sure she'd love to trap you into marriage with an unplanned pregnancy. And for the record, I wouldn't bring Chloe around to meet Gran. Of course not. It's not serious enough yet for her to meet Mother. And you know, if I were you I'd be less worried about my love life and more worried about facing Sasha after you blabbed that it was your idea to go to Beals behind his back so she'd take you all to France. We're in deep you-know-what. Some of us deeper than others. Well, we were all asked in. And we all went behind his back to go see Ellen Beals. Oh, good. You're all here. You're probably wondering why I asked to see you before practice. Congratulations on winning the team silver in France. And double that to you, Kaylie, for winning the all-around. I won the Bronze. That's exactly what I want to see from you, Lauren. Oh, Emily, of course I'm curious, why you didn't compete? I didn't compete because... I stepped out to get some air in Calais even though we weren't supposed to leave the hotel room. And even though I was back before bed check, Ellen Beals found out and wouldn't let me participate in the meet. It's a very tough lesson. I hoped you learned something. I did. I'm more committed than ever to my gymnastics. I'm glad to hear it. Excuse me, question? I hope this means I'm ranked number two at The Rock again. You'll be ranked how and when I decide, the moment I decide it. Now, go on. Get to practice. - Kaylie? - Mm-HM? Can I have a word? Uh... I hope you're convinced you now deserve to be the National Champion. I am. It's really starting to sink in now. I'm number one, I deserve it. And, uh, it's time I started acting like it. This is my gym now. Good. Good. You know, the reason your name is on the wall out there, isn't just to remind everyone that you won Nationals this year, but to remind them that you are the leader of this gym. And as such, you set the example for all the girls who train here and on the national team. Everything they do, every victory, every mistake, is your responsibility. Including the fact that Emily disobeyed the rules in France and didn't compete. I know. I wasn't the best leader in France, but it won't ever happen again. And just to make sure it won't, I have a plan. Way to go, Pinocchio. I wonder what Sasha would do if he knew the truth about Damon and Paris? I wonder what he'd do if he knew you and Carter were having sex every night in your little love shack above the garage? You don't have to threaten me, Emily. I would never tell on you. Us girls with boyfriends need to stick together. I don't have a boyfriend and I won't until after the Olympics. That's what I want to hear. Look, it's my job as the National Champ and team leader to keep our eyes on the prize we've worked for our whole lives. Which is why I got us these. Promise rings. To remind us of our one true goal. Olympic gold. With these rings, we promise to focus on nothing but gymnastics and forsake the biggest distraction of all: boys. That one's for Payson. Last I heard, you're not doing any forsaking, No more boys, Em? There is not a boy in the world that could keep me away from the Olympics. What is Austin Tucker doing here? Synced By YesCool WWW.Addic7ed.com make it or break it Season 2, Episode 3: BATTLE OF FLEXES Hey! Uh... What are you doing here? I'm training at The Rock now. Does Sasha know about this? Actually, it was his idea. But it's only until I can build my own gym. Your own gym? Yeah, my sponsors are springing for it. Next to my new lake house. - You're moving to Boulder? - You got everything here. Waterskiing in the summer, snowboarding in the winter... - ...college co-eds year round. - Big surprise. You're not here for the gymnastics. Listen, I respect that I'm a guest in your gym. Promise, you'll hardly know that I'm here. - What is that? - My parallel bars. I can see that. The gym is full. Where do you expect to put them? In place of the second set of uneven bars. What? Has standing and staring become an Olympic event? Get moving. - Hey, man, good to see you. - Nice to see you. Are you sure this isn't going to be a distraction for the girls? Austin Tucker seems to attract a lot of female attention. It just means they'll have to focus even harder. Austin is a living, breathing Olympic gold medalist. Having him here will challenge the girls... in every way. I hope he won't challenge the no-dating rule. He's known for being a bit of a player. I'm well aware of that, but he has a type... And it's not female gymnasts. Well, people's types can change. Oh, like how you used to have the hots for Steve Tanner, for some reason, and now you're attracted to me? Adults. Relief. - Good morning. - Good morning. No Payson? She isn't feeling well, which means she isn't feeling up to facing you. I need to ask you something and you have to be brutally honest. All right. Will Payson ever be ready to petition onto the national team? Or do the changes in her body mean her Olympic dream is dead? Gran! This one's for you! Sweet girl, you terrify me every time you get on that godforsaken thing. Can't you find another life or death hobby? Like shopping at Filene's? Mrs. Tanner, how nice to see you. Summer Van Horn! I can't tell you how absolutely devastated I was that you broke off your engagement to my son. Yes, I got your card, thank you. You're the only women he's ever brought home that I approved of. Besides Lauren's mother. Before Leslie got into the drugs. Well, Leslie made this lovely and talented girl and I'm sure she's very proud of her. Yeah, so proud, she stood me up at Nationals. Wouldn't it be great if Summer and Dad got back together? Well, I haven't given up. Have you, Lauren? Nope! Well, thank you. But, if you'll excuse me, I need to get back to work. Enjoy your visit, Mrs. Tanner. It's such a tragedy that Daddy's fallen for someone else now. Hmm, your father didn't mention he was seeing anyone. Because he knows you won't approve. He's probably just gonna keep her tucked away until the wedding. And between you and me, she's just after his money. Which I guess someday would include your money. - Hmm. - I just hope something stops them in time. Wow. You must chafe easily. Or you've got a fetish for neoprene. I'm trying to practice. Wow, how soon she forgets the guy who filled her tin cup with a ticket to Calais when she was stranded in Le Metro doing seal tricks for Euros. Why did you come to The Rock? Really? For you of course. I had to check out the legendary Emily, who shattered Damon Young's heart into a million pieces. Very funny. Can't a guy just like pine trees and microbrew? Emily! Focus! Oh no! You're in trouble with Fraulein Cruz. * My boyfriend is a rock star * * And he calls me on the phone * * I'm gonna take him back * Do you really need to take up an entire parking space with your... crotch rocket? Shh... She didn't mean it. Lolita is a 1948 Indian Chief. I rebuilt her from the ground up. Flathead engine, 1200 CCs, and she has feelings. You named your motorcycle? Listen, I respect that you're the star here at The Rock. I'm not here to steal your thunder. In fact, I think I could help you. I'm the National Champion. I don't need your help. You're looking well, Mother. So are you. I see you've cut back on the hair gel. Uh, I... I guess. Probably because you have less hair. I think I'll have a drink. Mother? I thought you'd never ask. Is it 5:30 yet? It is somewhere. So. What's new around here? Just, uh... the usual. Not according to your daughter. She tells me you're dating someone... a Chloe... ...and it's serious. It's not that serious. Daddy, don't be shy. You've practically given her house keys. Which is why we're all having dinner tomorrow night. I've already made plans with your chef. Do you think your "Chloe" has an opinion on Basque? Payson? There's someone here to see you. - I'll make us some tea. - Thank you. Look, you were right and I was wrong. I wasn't ready to petition onto the national team and now I've blown my only chance to get on to the team and to go to Worlds. This year. Maybe. But what about next? After I've grown another inch? Let's face it, my body's changing and I'll never be the same gymnast I was. Yeah, that's true. But, you can be a different kind of gymnast. Instead of being a power gymnast, you can be a more of an artistic gymnast. - Like Nastia. - But I'm not like her. See, I disagree. Nastia came back from a stress fracture to her spine, ankle surgery, and a nine-inch growth spurt in a period of just five years. She didn't have the power of a Shawn Johnson. What she had was meticulous execution and artistry. Don't you get it? Nastia's legs are longer than mine, and she's a twig! She's built for all that graceful dance stuff. I'm just not! - Payson, just hear me out... - No! Sasha, if that's your plan, then it's over for me. I can't be an artistic gymnast. - I can't! - Payson... Is Payson coming to the gym today? Your sister just had a reactive moment. She's never been one to give up. So yeah, I think she is. Time to get dressed for The Rock, Pay. I'm not going. You heard me tell Sasha. So that's it? No discussion? It's your world and we all just live in it? I don't see how it has anything to do with you. Excuse me? It's my life, not yours. Right. And when I packed up this family and moved us to Boulder when you decided this was where you wanted to train, that had nothing to do with my life. And getting up every day at the crack of dawn to drive you to practice has nothing to do with my life. And it didn't affect my life when I had to agonize with your father over whether or not to let you have a risky back surgery to keep your dream alive. You may not see how your choices have anything to do with us. - But we sure do. - What do you expect me to do? I expect you to stop being selfish and try what your coach wants you to do! For God's sake, I gave up my whole life for you! Whose fault is that, Mom? Fine. You want to give up? Give up. I'll give up too. You can do whatever you want. Because it's your life! If no one's going to The Rock today, can I go to the lake with Avery? Sure. Let's everybody just do whatever the hell they want. So much for us hardly even knowing he's here. Of course, Olympic Champ trumps National Champ, which is probably why his banner is so much bigger than yours. I could care less about his banner. Wow, that didn't take long. I'm glad Austin's training at The Rock. It's good for business and maybe Queen Kaylie will stop acting as if her sweats don't stink. So, I missed you last night. How's life with Gran Tanner? Genius. I told her about dad dating Chloe and she insisted he invite her to dinner tonight. Hmm. What's so genius about that? Gran is the biggest snob I know and my father lives in mortal fear of her judgment. So, when Chloe walks in wearing one of her streetwalker specials, Gran will have a heart attack and Dad will drop Miss Tacky USA like a hot rock. - Lauren... - Mission accomplished. So I'll see you later, then, right? Actually, I'm going out with Austin tonight to get a few cold ones. - What? - Don't worry genius, I'll see you tomorrow. Good morning, fair Chloe. Stephen Blair Tanner, the Third! So it turns out my mother just hopped into town unexpectedly, and she would love to meet you and Emily. You told your mother about us? Wow! I mean, that means a lot to me, Steve. Yes, well, of course I did. But it is last minute and of course if you have other plans... Oh, no, no, nothing I can't change. I mean, this is a big deal right? Meeting your mother? I have to tell you, she's pretty tough. Very... exacting. Steve, you don't ever have to be embarrassed about your mother around me. Look at all them in full makeup for practice. Yep, Austin Tucker's inspiring the girls all right. To be dingbats. This is an elite gym, not Spring Break in Daytona. He's taking Carter out to drink tonight. Some influence. I say as long as he stays on that side of the gym, we just ignore him. Excuse me, what are you doing? Measuring for the men's high bar. Austin wants to put it here. - What? - Oh, this is war! Um... I'm sorry to interrupt your rigorous training, but for your information, the men's high bar goes in the annex building out back and that's where it's gonna stay. Yeah, no. It's cold out there. - And the lighting sucks. - Mmm, too bad. The girls are the stars of this gym. We pay dues, too. But we're the ones that put this gym on the map, and let's face it, no one cares about men's gymnastics. That was before I came along. I appreciate women's gymnastics, but men's gymnastics are more challenging. We do six apparatuses, you only do four. That's because the four we do require more precision, artistry, and frankly, skill. We don't just tumble around and flex our muscles. Hey, the men can do anything you can do, but I'd like to see the women do what we do. I've got an idea, why don't we compete for space in The Rock? Boys against girls. We'd love to publicly humiliate you, but Sasha's never letting you put the high bar in here, either way. I don't know about that. Any occasion to compete with real stakes is a good idea as far as I'm concerned. OK, but when we win, your parallel bars go in the annex building, too. Fine by me, because when we win, the high bars go there and your balance beam goes to the arctic annex. Deal. You know, and just to make things a little more fun, each gets to decide which apparatus the other team gets to compete on. Love it. Austin, we'd like to see you compete on... beam. Carter Anderson, uneven bars. Lauren Tanner... Rings. Emily... Parallel bars. Floor. To music. And dance choreography, just like a girl. No way. I'm out. I'll take the challenge, but Kaylie has to do floor as well. Men's style, the required amount of tumbles, which is... three times as much as the girls are required to do. Done. It's on. Like Donkey Kong. Goin' down! You're goin' down. Do you think this is Sasha's punishment for us going to Beals behind his back? If so, it's working. I have bruises on my bruises. Look, all we have to do tomorrow is suck less than the boys. And from what I saw today, we've got this in the bag. Mom... I'll go to The Rock tomorrow if you want. It isn't about what I want. It's about what you want. Then, why do you care if Payson quits? You're right. It isn't my dream. It's Payson's. And who knows? Maybe it is time to let it go. Because she's not the best anymore? We've made a lot of sacrifices, you included. What if she'll never be what she was? Is it still all worth your dad being in Minnesota and us being here? I guess not if you're only pursuing your dream to be the best, but... I thought gymnastics was supposed to be fun and teach us about discipline and hard work and all the stuff that will take us far in life, no matter what we do. And what wise people said that? You say it all the time. You know, we weren't always the "all gymnastics all the time" family. We used to have fun doing other things. Remember how we'd go ice skating at Grandma's every week in the winter? - I miss that. - Yeah, me too. No way. Absolutely not. Come on sweetie, it's just one night! Well, then Brian can go. He's at computer camp and you know that. Seriously, Mom. You're asking me to have dinner with Mr. Tanner, his mother and Lauren? Are you hopped up on those diet pills again? Honey, you're not getting it. This is obviously a big deal. A man doesn't introduce you to his mother unless it's really serious. I mean, this is practically the next step before commitment. Oh, my God. This actually means something to you, doesn't it? You're serious about him. Honey, he wants me to meet his mom. Nobody's ever introduced me to their mother before. And I really, really want to impress her. And let's face it. You're the most impressive thing about me. So, please, please? - OK. - Oh, great! Bye. I cannot wait to see what Gran makes of Chloe's... ...interesting sense of style and use of grammar. Chloe is a lovely woman and Gran will enjoy her. If she doesn't drop dead of a heart attack the second she sees Chloe... ...in one of her Girls Gone Wild knockoffs. I'll get it! Chloe and Emily, delighted to meet you. Goodness, Chloe, you're even lovelier than Steve said! Please, come in. So, I owe you an apology. No, you were right. I am selfish. And... You did give up your whole life for me. Listen, the truth is, that happened the day you were born. Because when you have children, they become your life. And I wouldn't want it any other way. I'm sorry, Pay. I was stressed. And I still don't understand why you'd give up on your dream when there's still a chance? Remember how much I used to love ice skating when I was little? Yes, you were great at this. You've always been an amazing athlete. Exactly. I'm an athlete, not a princess. When I was seven, I wanted to be in the Great River Mall Ice Capades show because I really, really wanted to be the princess. I don't remember that. Yeah, because I got cast as the prince. Oh, that I remember. I made you a great costume... - That's exactly the point, Mom! - What? I got cast as the prince, because the director said I was built more like a boy. And then later I heard all the girls laughing at me for even thinking I was graceful enough or pretty enough to ever, ever be a princess. Oh, why didn't you tell me? Because I knew you'd just tell me the prince was the cooler part instead of telling me what I really wanted to hear. Which was? That they were all wrong and I would have been the most beautiful princess in the world. And that's why you want to give up? You don't think you're graceful enough to be a more artistic gymnast? - I'm scared, Mom. - It's OK. It's OK to be scared of trying something new. But if you don't try at Al.. ...you could become scared of your whole life. And one more thing. I think you would have made the most beautiful princess in the world. - And I still do. - Hey, grannies. Senior citizens skate at 5:00. Are we gonna let her get away with that?! - Absolutely not. - Come here! Especially the "excargot." Escargot are snails. You know that, right? Of course. Did you get them out of your garden? No, but what a good idea with the prices they're charging at the gourmet markets these days. So where did you go to school, Chloe? Um, Jefferson High in Waco, Texas. But don't you hold that against me. And after high school? I intended to go to college but circumstances weren't in my favor. Circumstances? I think she means getting knocked up with Emily. How old were you? Well, I was 18. Chloe is a marvelous mother, and Emily is the proof of that. Thank you, Mr. Tanner. She certainly is. Did you enjoy your visit to France? I did. Emily got caught sneaking out to see a boy in Paris and didn't get to compete. I was just visiting a friend and I would have been back with plenty of time if I had a round trip ticket like I thought. Well, good for you, Emily. What a shame to go to France and not see Paris. I wonder where dessert is? Well I'm delighted I got to meet you and your lovely daughter, Chloe. You have me to thank for that. Gran's visit's been scheduled for weeks, but Dad didn't even want to introduce you two, until I told Gran about his newest girlfriend. Weeks? But that's men, I guess. They don't want to bring a woman home to meet mother unless she's the one. I'm sorry, Mrs. Tanner. You're gonna have to excuse us. I have to go to the gym early in the morning, and I need to finish all my schoolwork before bed. Thank you Mr. Tanner and Lauren. - Dinner was unforgettable. - Yes. Thank you. It was. Wait, we can show ourselves out. So where is dessert? I told you, right? That woman is a gold-digging disaster. There is nothing sadder than a lady with no class. I know. And you should see how she really dresses. Like the hoochie mama she is. Well... true class is about having graciousness. No matter what. Even if someone is setting you up, or undermining you. True class is exhibiting manners when someone is trying to pull you in the gutter. I saw two women with real class tonight. And Lauren, the only person at that table tonight who was truly tacky, was you. I understand you feel abandoned by your mother and I know that's where a lot of your anger comes from, but you are a Tanner, and the Tanners are, above all, gracious, especially when hosting people in their home. I would do you a disservice if I didn't tell you how much you disappointed me tonight. Ladies and gentleman... may I please present your fair and unbiased judges, assistant coaches, Tarah and Jake! Now, we all know what's at stake so... Let's get ready to tumble! Whoo! All right, ladies, this is our gym and we are strong... And graceful and capable of trying stuff that scares us and kicking some serious ass! It's about time you showed your face here. Yeah well, get used to it. - Go Rock Girls, go! - Whoo! I just wanted to say good luck, and be careful. This really isn't worth getting injured over. Back 'atcha. We saw you practically neuter yourself on the beam yesterday. Well, may the best men or women win. And first up on men's parallel bars, we have Emily K-K-Kmetko! Next up, on the beam, we have Austin Tucker! We have so got this. Tear it up, Austin! You were saying? The women's uneven bars, (Cnow being attempted) Rudy, by Carter Anderson. und) That was pretty lame. We're still in this. Get it, Lo. Let's see if the queen of the beam can make the rings sing. It's Lauren Tanner, on the men's rings. - Chloe, I'm an idiot. - No, Steve, I'm the idiot. For dressing up like Jackie-O so you wouldn't be afraid of what your mother thought of me. - And... - I did it because I was excited and touched that you wanted to introduce me to your mother. - Because... - I thought it meant you were serious about me. And us. - Which... - You clearly aren't. Which is the real reason youdone to know about us. - That's... - Bull malarkey! Let me tell you something. I am proud of who I am. I am proud of the way I dress. Because with me, what you see is what you get. I am real and I am honest and you're lucky that a woman like me would even give you the time of day. ing? Boom! Boom. OK, we can still win this. Bring it home, Kaylie. And don't blow it. I am not freezing my butt off doing beam in the annex. Now, with nothing to lose... - Go get 'em. Come on. - ...Is Kaylie Cruz! Whoo! Well, even if we don't beat the boys, the good news is, you and I won't have to suffer through any more family dinners. Just practice every day in the gym, unfortunately. So the results are in, In the 2010 Rock Men versus Rock Women, the winners and deciders of where the high bar belongs, by a small margin... ...is the Rock Men. What? Excuse me! May I have everyone's attention? This woman, Chloe Kmetko and I, are dating, or I hope we're still dating, because she is beautiful and smart and has true class and I want everyone to know, I'm nuts about her! Will you give me another chance? Please? Well, OK, but this is the last one. I guess you were right, people's types do change. * It's coming down... * Hey, where's the sportsmanship around here? Etiquette calls for the loser to shake the winner's hand. Look, I'm sorry. I'm a founding member of this gym. I grew up here. We've worked really hard and risked a lot to put The Rock on the map. I know. That's why I'm here. The deal is, I'd been getting a little scattered. I needed a little inspiration, so I came here, because The Rock girls are it. You're it. You girls are on fire. You're passionate and determined and fearless. I could use a little more of that these days. Right. How about a compromise? High bar stays in back, but parallel bars stay in The Rock. That seems fair. Cool, see you tomorrow. Hey! What's everybody doing tonight? Um... Kaylie asked us over to commiserate. There's gonna be ice cream involved. That's cool. I have plans with Carter anyway. You guys can go polish your promise rings or whatever it is you do if you don't have a boyfriend. See ya! Come on, guys. Synced By YesCool WWW.Addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 