Babylon 5: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon 5 
 s1e17 - Legacies - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon 5 (1994–1998): Season 1, Episode 17 - Legacies - full transcript 
 A Minbari military leader's dead body disappears on the station. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Why do we have to lay out the welcome mat for these guys? When Minbari's greatest warrior dies while on a diplomatic tour... ...they want to honor him on his journey home. Displaying his body to every Minbari... ...from the Euphrates Sect to their planet sounds like war drums to me. Minbari vessel coming through. Advertise your product or brand here contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today A war cruiser. Never thought I'd see one of those again. Mitchell, stay in formation! It might be a- Oh, my God! It's a trap! Mitchell! - I got a clear shot. - Break off! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm hit! Ejecting! Well, they're still big and ugly. Attention, shoppers. You can now find all your culinary needs at our kitchen on level 6. Fresh chocolates are on special while they last. - Ivanova here. - The Minbari ship is through. I'm on my way. Check, please. Hey! Come back here! Thief! Stop! Thief! Stop her! - Get Dr. Franklin. - You know this girl? No. She's just taken a mind-burst. She's a telepath. Security scan finished. The Minbari's coming in with her gun ports open. She's armed for a fight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It was the dawn of the Third Age of mankind... ...10 years after the Earth-Minbari War. The Babylon Project was a dream given form. Its goal: to prevent another war by creating a place... ...where humans and aliens could work out their differences. It's a port of call, home away from home... ...for diplomats, hustlers, entrepreneurs and wanderers. Humans and aliens, wrapped in 2,500,000 tons... ...of spinning metal, all alone in the night. It can be a dangerous place. But it's our last, best hope for peace. This is the story of the last of the Babylon stations. The year is 2258. The name of the place is Babylon 5. Gun ports are still open! - Let's activate the defense grid. - Agreed. This is Babylon to Minbari cruiser, Ingata. Your gun ports are in attack position. Please explain. - We are on a peaceful mission. - Then why are your gun ports open? We have no interest in explaining our ways to you. I'm sorry there has been a misunderstanding. Scan the ship. You'll find that the guns are not active. Confirmed. No targeting sensors. It's only a symbol to show they carry the body of a great warrior leader. Do you have something in your military traditions to honor a fallen leader? Yes, the " missing man" formation. It's no more than that. While they are parked alongside... ...the captain will comply by closing the gun ports. Is that satisfactory? - Barely. - Good. Then if you will excuse me... ...I must prepare to meet the cortege. You'll both join me there, of course, to honor Branmer's memory... - ... and to welcome the cortege. - We'll be there. Keep scanning that ship. If their tracking system blinks... - ... in our direction... - Understood. Readings are all normal except the EEG. What happened to her? She took a mind-burst. She's a telepath, a strong one. - I felt her when she took the burst. - What's a burst? Those born with psi talent learn to block the noise of other minds. Sometimes the talent needs to be triggered. Puberty can do it. She looks about that age. So it's as if a deaf person suddenly heard a rocket engine? Exactly. She didn't know what was happening and her mind ran and hid. If her telepathy just woke up and Psi Corps doesn't know it- There's a genetic record somewhere. I'll arrange for her transport to Earth. A Psi Corps rep can meet her there. Negative. She committed theft. She's under station jurisdiction. - You' re not being reasonable. - It's my call. Excuse me, until this is resolved, she's my patient... ...and I'm ordering you out. Both of you. You'll really attend this ceremony? Branmer led the attack on the Line. He commanded one of the ships that splashed my team, but the war is over. Giving the Minbari this courtesy is a sign of respect. It'll help strengthen the reconciliation of our two worlds. Maybe, but if you ask me, this is gonna be nothing but trouble. Ambassador Delenn. Alit Neroon. I welcome you on behalf of all Minbari on this station. You're traveling an unhappy journey. For the warrior, there is no other end to the journey. This is Commander Sinclair, Lieutenant Commander Ivanova... ...and Chief of Security Garibaldi. A place is arranged in which the Shai Alit may lie in state. It is a worthy thing to honor the Shai Alit. Thank you. And worthy that you'd honor this place with his presence. We'll escort you to the area we've set aside. This way, please. The arrangements are most satisfactory. Simple, but elegant. - Thank you. Who is Alit Neroon? - Branmer's aide and executive officer. He served the Shai Alit for more than 15 years. I'd like you to be present at the viewing of Shai Alit's body. - Of course. - I sense some reluctance. He was a canny enemy. It's difficult to forget. Because he was a great warrior, his body... ...is being displayed in this way. - It's not traditional? - It is most unusual. The Star Riders, his clan, insisted on it. You don't like it, do you? My preferences were not under discussion, commander. - How's she doing? - She's coming around. How do you feel? Gently, Alisa. Calm down. Do as I say... ...and block out the voices inside your head. Relax. Imagine a wall inside your mind. Build it, brick by brick. - I can't! - Yes, you can! Focus! See the wall. It'll go away as the wall goes higher. You'll only hear what you want to hear. Yes, like that. Just like that. It's better. So where did you get her name? She can't control her talent. Her thoughts are broadcast. Alisa Beldon. Came here with her father. - Computer, access: " Beldon, Alisa." - Commencing search. File found. Came here two years ago with her father. Both Earthborn. She was I2. Mother's death recorded six years prior. No further information. Her father died last year. An accident. She's been living on her own in Downbelow. Am I under arrest? I had to eat. You don't stay alive unless you got credits to pay with. Don't feel bad about it. I'm used to doing for myself. - My mom died young too, same as yours. - Stop that! What's the matter? Never read someone's mind without permission. But it was so plain. I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything. As I said, she needs to be properly trained. The sooner you're with the Psi Corps, the better. We still haven't dealt with the charges against her. - Keep me posted on her condition. - Lt. commander... ...is there a reason why you' re interested? Yes. She's not leaving here, Miss Winters. Not if I have anything to say about it. - Station your people at the access ports. - Commander! Alit, you've found everything satisfactory? There are procedures that must be followed. You'll keep all other races, especially humans... ...away from the area until the viewing ceremony. - Don't worry, my security team will- - No! No human security. I've arranged for Minbari guards on the body. None of you will interfere with them. - Now, just a minute- - Mr. Garibaldi. Diplomacy. - Anything else? - That will suffice for now. These are my requirements. This is my station. I don't take orders! Impetuous. Is this how you reacted on the Line, commander? - This isn't the Line. - No. We were in control there. - How would you like to-? - It's been my experience... ...that discussions of old battles only interest historians. - What do you think, commander? - I think... ...I have a station to run. Now, if you'll excuse us. Diplomacy, commander? This was the greatest of us. Warrior... ...leader... ...the hero of the Line! He fought with honor... ...bravery... ...and with vision. Now he belongs to the ages. Where is the Shai Alit?! What? Where is the Shai Alit's body? We'll find out. I launched an investigation. This is a grave offense, commander. Unforgivable! Minbaris are heedless of their own lives in battle... ...but the warrior's body must be treated with reverence. Branmer's death was a sorrow to us. To lose his soul's vessel will bring his clan's fury upon you! Are you threatening war? The last one started with Dukhat's murder! - That was a tragic accident. - If this is another accident- If I may, no matter how great the loss... ...it is not our way to let a single clan dictate Minbari policy. We'll appreciate your best efforts to solve this mystery, commander. I suggest we allow them to get on with their investigation. I've got a few things to tend to. Fun, fun, fun. Garibaldi was right. He said this was going to be trouble. Nothing is more annoying than Garibaldi when he's right. If you've got a moment for another matter, a personal matter? We found a young girl, an orphan, she's been living Downbelow. It turns out she's a telepath. Miss Winters wants to send her to the Psi Corps immediately. I think she should have a choice. I agree. But does she have any other choice? Possibly. If we can keep her under our jurisdiction long enough to find it. Commander, what happened before... My mother? I just can't let this slide. I know. Do what you think is right. - I'll back your play. - Yes, sir. Thank you. Why would anyone wanna take Branmer's body? - If he was that highly regarded... - Minbari have high regard for him. As for others... - How'd you respond upon hearing this? - All right. Humans who fought Branmer have no love for him. There are elements on Earth who feel that way: the Home Guard. But they would have broadcast the news right away. No one has claimed credit for taking this great general's body. Great general, yes. The last thing he wanted to be. Before he became a warrior of the Star Riders clan... ...Branmer was a high priest of the religious caste. The Holy War against Earth forced him to become a war leader. He was a brilliant tactician. He believed in the rightness of the war. He fought because it was a matter of conscience... ...but he was always a priest in his heart. I've heard the religious caste issued the surrender order. Branmer agreed? He obeyed. There are still warriors who resented it. One leader, Sinavel, committed suicide rather than give the surrender order. And Neroon? Neroon is also a Star Rider. He would have died for Branmer. If Branmer gave an order, he would follow it. But now, with Branmer gone... ...I get the feeling that Neroon's spoiling for a rematch. We will see... ...what we will see. You think we might have had something to do with the disappearance? - Why should we want it? - Well, let's see. Ransom? Embarrassing the Minbari? Blackening our reputation? That could help your career back home. I can go on. I'm sure you could, but I'm not interested. The Narn Regime has accomplished many things... ...but bodysnatching isn't one of them. Go ask in the Alien Sector. I'm sure you could find someone with an interest in dead bodies. - Oh, no, not the carrion eaters. - Bon app?tit. I appreciate the clothes. The other ones were getting ripe. We should get you more before your trip to Earth. - The Psi Corps pays for all this? - It takes care of its own. Tell her what else the Psi Corps does. - This isn't any of your concern. - Yes, it is, and you know why it is. So let me talk to her, unless you're afraid to let her hear another side. Psi Corps doesn't sound so bad. I don't understand. Did she tell you what they do to those who don't want to join? - No. - Let me tell you a story. It's about a woman who fell in love, got married, had children. One problem: She's a telepath. She kept it from Psi Corps till she's 35. By then, she had two kids. The corps told her to come with them or go to prison. But she loved her family and she refused to leave them. There was only one way they would let her stay. Every week, for 10 years... ...they injected her with drugs to suppress her telepathy. Every day she died a little... ...until she finally ended it by taking her own life. That was your mother. That's the image I saw in your mind the other day. I have no love for the Psi Corps. You've every right to know all about them before you decide to join them. Yeah, but I don't have much of a choice here, do I? Well, I'm investigating your options. There may be more than you think. Alisa... ...can I have my link, please? Just keeping in practice... ...in case. - What have you discovered? - Does "not much" mean anything to you? - I was promised an investigation. - You're getting it. I thought of the Llort, they' re pack rats. They collect souvenirs for the pure sake of collecting, but not bodies. - There's one other possibility, but- - Chief! I found that outside the Pak' ma' ra's quarters. This is a piece of Branmer's burial robe. What are these Pak' ma' ra? Carrion eaters. This is nothing to me. It was found on the deck directly outside these quarters. I'm not responsible for the cleanliness of your decks. This fabric is from the burial robe of a Minbari leader. - His body's been stolen. - And so? Where is the body? What did you do with it? Answer the question! As a courtesy to our Minbari friends. I have heard nothing! Then I'll have to make a deeper inquiry. A deeper inquiry? I'll insist that you all have your stomachs pumped. The house would be decorated entirely to your taste... ...in Earth style or Narnish, if you prefer. You mentioned clothing and jewelry? There will be an allowance for clothing and adornments. In addition to your fee for services. We' re prepared to be generous. What services will she render? I was making an offer to Alisa, not to you. - What services? - So simple and yet so rewarding. All we ask is a small sample of blood and tissue twice a month. We' re the only race without telepaths. You'd become the genetic mother of an entire breed of Narn telepaths. - I don't believe this. - Welcome to the club. Didn't G'Kar try something like this? You trying to succeed where he failed? I'd have to live on the Narn Homeworld. - But it sounds interesting. - You'd be the only human there. But we're prepared to pay well for the privilege of entertaining her. I'd really like to see it. I almost can if I concen- - I'll talk to you later. - Alisa? I have to lie down. I hope that isn't a sign of frailty. Why not check her teeth too? - Think that's a good idea? - Leave. You've made your offer. Tell her I expect her answer soon. Good idea about the teeth. - What happened? - I peeked into her mind. - I know I'm not supposed to, but- - What was it like in there? Cold! Ugly. Alien! It's not like looking into a human mind. It felt like I was falling into something terrible. You might wanna remember that when you consider their offer. Narrow the search. You guys, check Green 2. - Doc, any results on those tests? - Yes, just got them back. Next time, you can do the stomach pumping. - Had to burn 2 lab coats. They stink. - You didn't find anything? No, they ate something, definitely, just not Minbari. - You tested all of them? - Absolutely. So where do you look now? In the beams and rafters. Between hulls. It's the only place left. You know what they say Narn tastes like? Yeah, chicken. Man, I really need a vacation. The man is useless! Stomach contents! Branmer's body must be found. If Garibaldi can't handle the assignment, he must be replaced! He'll do his job. A search of all public areas had to be done first. If they have to take this place apart and put it back again, they will. If he fails in his search, it may be necessary to have my ship... ...assume the job of taking this station apart! - I don't take kindly to threats, Alit. - I do not make threats, commander! You' re a high P-10. Na'Toth might up her bid if she knew that. - You didn't like the Narn mind. - I'd just give biogenetic samples. I can supply you with history modules on the Narn Regime. The Centauri occupation left it barren, almost dead. The Narns only want to conquer other races now. They make slaves of their victims. They'll try and make one of you too... - ... like the Psi Corps. - You've problems with the Psi Corps. I sympathize with your feelings, but don't poison her with them. - They've ruined lives. - They've done good things too. - Your mother didn't cooperate. - Like your friend Ironheart? - You leave him out of this! - Stop it! Stop it, both of you! You keep arguing over what you want! You don't care what I want! All right, Alisa, what do you want? To know the truth about all my choices. Is that all of it? Narn, Psi Corps, the drugs? No. There's one more possibility you should consider. Come. - Thanks for taking the time to see us. - It's my pleasure. So, Alisa, you wish to know about Minbari telepaths? I wanna see all the cards before I make a bet. - I wasn't aware a game was involved. - It's just an expression of speech. Well, perhaps we should start with some general information first. For the Minbari, psi ability is considered a gift. The use of it is given as a service to those in need. - They' re not paid? - Only with our people's high regard. It isn't a job, it's a calling. It's enough for them to be of service. Then how do they live? Those who wish to help others are greatly respected within our culture. They are encouraged and helped in their goal. They' re clothed and fed, and left to do their work. It's a small price to pay for the benefit of many. I looked into a Narn mind. Wasn't pretty. Alien minds are a problem if you' re untrained. Yes, I have heard this. We do not all think the same way. We... I think we should go. - Don't you need some more time? - No, I got a clear picture. Thanks. Is there something going on around here about a dead body? Yes. Why? I saw something about the body. I know what happened to it. Mr. Garibaldi, I need to see you immediately! Lights. What do you think you' re doing? Everywhere has been searched but here. Where no one would dare to go! Wrong. I searched these quarters with Delenn observing. I wanted to make sure nobody was sneaking around trying to pull a fast one. You might want to try it sometime. Escort him back to his quarters. We'll continue the search without his help. Will do. I brought someone to see you. Alisa Beldon. You'd better talk to her. Miss Beldon? Commander, there's something you have to know. When I was talking to Ambassador Delenn... ...I looked inside her head. And I saw something. She covered it up real quick... ...but she knows who took that Minbari body. And she knows where it is. - Ambassador. - Good evening, commander. Mr. Garibaldi. - Shipping something home, ambassador? - Just some personal possessions. I think we need to talk. Quite a trick. Stealing Branmer's body and cremating it without anyone noticing. Why? As a member of the religious caste, I felt an obligation to Branmer. As I told you, he was a reluctant hero. He only became a war leader... ...because he felt it was necessary for the Minbari. - And your obligation to him? - A long, close friendship. He told me that when he was called, he wanted only a simple funeral. He did not want to be a monument to war. Neroon and his Star Riders... ...subverted his wishes with this display of his body. I decided to carry out Branmer's wishes. His ashes are to be sent home. They will be scattered in space near our world. Unfortunately, you and Mr. Garibaldi have put that plan in jeopardy. How could it have any more jeopardy? Neroon is ready to start the war because of this. I believe I could have explained it as a true religious mystery. The transformation of Branmer's body to take his place with the gods. - But now... - Delenn, Neroon wants an answer. You have it. What am I supposed to do? Hide the facts? - You've put us in a difficult situation. - It's more difficult than you suspect. You see, a rift between the religious and warrior castes... ...began when our warriors were ordered to surrender. If what happened to the body were to become general knowledge... ...it would further that rift. Great. Just one question, what about Neroon? - I said we'd tell him what happened. - Then we will do so. If you will honor my situation, I will honor yours. It is regrettable, but I see no choice. We will tell him the truth. But I will tell him my way. You had no right to touch the Shai Alit's body! - He was warrior caste by his father! - Religious by his mother! - You know which takes precedence. - Star Riders will protest! - I will lead the fight! - You will do nothing! You ignored his request to be cremated and have his ashes put in space. You disobeyed your war leader... ...one of the greatest of our religious caste. You showed disrespect. You had to display the great warrior's body! You had to have your military spectacle! It stops here! Or the Star Riders will be destroyed... ...dishonored by your actions. - Do you speak for yourself? - I speak for the entire Grey Council. I'd hoped to avoid this, but your insistence on investigating... ...has left me no choice. You will support my statement that his body was transformed. That is a direct order from the Grey Council. You will obey it, as you did our order to end the war. Do you understand? Yes, I understand, Satai Delenn! Is there anything else you want of me? You will apologize to Commander Sinclair... ...privately, for your behavior. I will see to it that you and the Star Riders... ...will not be punished or shamed for your honoring of the Shai Alit. Yes, Satai Delenn. There was no cause for me to attack you. Even less for me... ...to threaten this station. I am ashamed that my feelings for the Shai Alit led me to act improperly. There is no shame in wanting to honor him, Neroon. I fought on the Line against Branmer. I saw his valor and leadership firsthand. Because his body disappeared here... ...I feel some responsibility toward the Minbari people. There is no higher testimony to a warrior's courage and skill... ...than praise from his enemy. I'd like to send that message to your world... ...in a personal message... ...a testimony to the Shai Alit. You will do this as an Earthforce officer? And as commander of Babylon 5. That is a great kindness. We've fought long enough. Maybe it's time we started talking with one another. Branmer was more significant than his battles. Let the warrior caste... ...praise his courage in war. Let the rest praise him for what he truly was. A man of peace. You talk like a Minbari, commander. Perhaps there was some small wisdom in letting your species survive. We like to think so. Until another day, then. I thought you'd be seeing Neroon's cruiser off. - I've seen cruisers before. - Me too. There is someone on this station who interests me. Alisa Beldon has a most unusual psi quality for a human. So I'm told. She impressed me greatly. When she touched my mind, I detected confusion in her about her future. She doesn't care for the opportunities being offered by Earth or Narn. And? Commander? Will Talia and Ivanova be teed off if I go with the Minbari? In order, yes and no. I don't need to be a telepath to figure that one out. Alisa could help with communication between humans and Minbari. We suffer a lack there, as you know, commander. The future in exchange for the past. I think that's very workable. - Thank you again for helping me. - You made your own decision. You showed me the choices. This is best. I'm used to being on my own. Psi Corps wouldn't have worked for me. And the Narn... - Even though the price was right. - No price is high enough... ...to be surrounded by Narns. I thought I'd stop by and wish you well. I don't agree with this... ...but the commander's right. You could help with the Minbari. Maybe you'll learn a trick or two and come back and teach us. - Thanks, I might do that. - As long as you write once in a while. I will. I won't forget you. I think I want to go the rest of the way by myself. - Goodbye. - Bye. Goodbye. - I think she'll be all right. - I think so too. Are you busy right now? No, not right now. I wasn't exactly polite to you over this whole thing. Yeah, well, we both got a little hot. How about if I buy you a drink to make up for it? Okay, but I go on duty soon so it's gonna have to be coffee. Of course. Hi. Hi. - Just wanted to say safe journey. - Thanks. There's something I've been wondering. When you looked into Delenn's mind, did you see anything unusual? One other thing. A word, "chrysalis." I don't know what it means. - It's a cocoon, I think. - Cocoon? That's weird. She shut down real fast when I touched that. - Why would she want to hide that? - I don't know. Now boarding in docking bay 4. I guess I have to go. Good luck. Thanks. "Chrysalis." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 