Formula 1: Drive to Survive: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Formula 1: Drive to Survive 
 s2e1 - Lights Out - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Formula 1: Drive to Survive (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Lights Out - full transcript 
 The 2019 season wrapped up. Follow the drivers ups and downs and experience the thrill of Formula 1 up close. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome. - Good. - Yeah. Can you introduce yourself, tell me what you do? Okay. I'm Mattia Binotto. I'm working at Scuderia Ferrari, team principal, managing director. So, have you got Netflix? No. - No? - No. - So, you haven't seen Season 1? - No. And there's a problem. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Massive accident! Wow! Last season... What a performance from Haas. ...it was up and down. It's Grosjean! Oh! Fuck. We fucking look like a bunch of wankers. But we made a big step up. Haas get their best-ever finish in Formula 1. Woah! At McLaren, I don't think we designed a very good race car. Another problem for McLaren. And Zak Brown, not happy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 2018 was a pretty horrific year for Williams. What's the point in even racing now? Very successful drivers started with Sauber. Leclerc is driving a brilliant race. Yes, yes, yes! Charles Leclerc will be joining Ferrari next season. The Red Bulls are really going for it here. This is the best driver pairing that we've had in our history. They have crashed! I was kinda made to feel guilty. Daniel Ricciardo leaving Red Bull. He's going to Renault. You need a driver and an engine. Yeah. With Daniel, we have a strategy and a plan. I just needed to get out. And the knock-on effects mean that Carlos Sainz will lose his seat. See ya. It has been a brilliant year. Mercedes is very much the benchmark. Lewis Hamilton, a five-time champion of the world. One chapter closes... We have to focus on what is ahead. We just gotta try and do better. I feel like I've been here before. Yeah. - Hello. Are you all right? - Bonjour. - Netflix. - Yes, of course. Are you guys back for a second series? - Yep. - Holy fuck. There's only one answer. I was sweating. I was like, "No way. No way." Down here, where you and the drivers will be on the boat. - Yeah. - Think they're gonna go up the river a little bit and then... Wave like the Queen? Wave to the crowds. Hello. Hi. Whoo! Hello! Hello, Melbourne. Welcome to the very first Formula 1 season launch. Who wants to see their favorite Formula 1 drivers here tonight? The drivers of 2019 Formula 1 World Championship field are about to arrive on the boat. Drivers have arrived. And I can spy Sebastian Vettel. I can see Daniel Ricciardo as well. Daniel! I'm Daniel Ricciardo. I am driving with the Renault F1 team. I'm from Australia and I'm good looking. Look, here they come. George Russell. Lewis Hamilton. Lewis, you legend! I'm Lewis Hamilton and I race for Mercedes-Benz. - Shit, is that what it is? - Yeah. - Just say Mercedes-AMG. - Yeah. Hey, the Hulk is here. Verstappen! Max! Max! Well, we're all here because we love racing, we love competing. In many respects, it's my life. Outside of my family, it's the most important thing in the world to me. Hello, darling, I have a present for you. This is my 15th season leading this team and I'm as excited going into this year as I've been about any other years. If you want to, otherwise I'll do it. How is life? Good, beginning of the season so your dreams are still alive. So far so good. The first race in Australia is awesome. You know, you're excited to get back. I guess it's like, in spring, when they let the cows out of the houses and they go crazy. My name's Toto Wolff. I'm the team principal of the Mercedes... How do I say it? Um... Valtteri! So, my name's Valtteri Bottas. I drive for the Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport. Like with everything in life, you have to be passionate about what you do. For me, personally, it is about being able to add a sixth consecutive championship. That hasn't been done before. Where is he? I'll send Sebastian when he gets here. Here he is. No, he's here. I'm Sebastian Vettel. I'm driving for Scuderia Ferrari. Well, obviously, I'm here because I love racing, love my job, the goal and ambition is to be successful with Ferrari, and whilst doing so, we enjoy and have a lot of fun. Right. Let's go down to the audience. Who's got a question down there? Put your hand up. Here we go. My question's for Guenther. After the race this year, do you aim to look like wankers or rock stars? Hopefully, rock stars. - That was a good question. - Good question. Thank you for the question, sir. A lot of people know what happened to us last year in Australia. Kevin Magnussen has pitted. We had two failures on the pit stops and we retired both cars. And who's that going slowly? It's Kevin Magnussen. And by the looks of things, one of those wheels isn't attached properly. Stop the car, stop the car. Romain Grosjean pulling over in the other Haas! We fucking look like rock stars, huh? Now, we are a fucking bunch of wankers. Hopefully, we can make up for it and that would be a good revenge. Each season is a journey. It's 21 races, 21 countries. On the road with us at Mercedes, there's nearly 100 people that are moving from city to city. It's quite an incredible journey in trying to win a world championship. And one I'm looking forward to. We are doing pretty well. We are in front of Alfa, in front of one Ferrari. Going to Melbourne, it's too early to say who is good, who is not good. I'm not counting out anybody, I mean, we are all in for it. Comparing with other cars, it's always difficult the first days. Only the racetrack will tell. It's not really till you get to Melbourne that you absolutely know where your starting point is. It's the first time everybody pulls down their pants. And you see what you've got. We'll all do it together, please, thank you. First, how does it feel to be here with a different team? Yeah, new team, fresh start, fresh season, but I still have the same expectations for myself, and to deliver, and to be the best I can with the car I've got, but also, I feel a real responsibility to try and push this car further up the grid during my time here. When I signed with Renault, a lot of people probably didn't understand it. And maybe some still don't. No worries. No one saw it coming. - Thank you very much. - Thank you very much. Good luck for tomorrow. It was a massive, massive shock. - Any chance? - Sure. Right up until about a week before it was announced... Christian Horner was absolutely, 100% sure Daniel wasn't gonna go anywhere. When he rang to say, "I'm leaving to go to Renault," first of all, I thought it was a wind up. He couldn't really give me any reason. But with Max Verstappen as his teammate, my assumption was that he was running a little bit from a fight. I, personally, wasn't running from anything. I still want to achieve the world title. And to do that, I just felt like I needed a change. - See you later. Take care. - Bye. Once I signed on the dotted line last year, moving to Renault, working with new people... - Daniel. - A pleasure. ...it just increased every bit of motivation and passion I had. I'll just wave to everyone. Good morning! - Good morning! - Morning. - Welcome. - Thanks. For sure, there, I felt a bit of love. - Sup fellas? - Hey. That was the coolest thing. I noticed that straightaway, everyone's just like... Welcome. I wanna do great things here, and I wanna feel like this is a place where I can, A, obviously be happy... - Welcome home. You okay? - Yeah. ...but, B, become a world champion. All right, this is it. It's happening. So, that's really all I'm here for. What's going on? Hiya. So, welcome. It's your office? Yeah, it is, yeah, yeah. So, I think... We believed in him, um, but also, he believed in us. Um, it was a special moment. So, this is... - Race base, right? - This is race base, yes. - This is all the machining area. - Okay. So, I'll be working here? This is this my desk? - Yeah. This is where you'll sit. Yeah? - Yeah. And you can watch the gearbox through the glass. Cool. For Daniel to join us, he was confirming our project was an exciting project for him to be a part of. You know, I saw the momentum they've had since 2016, and I think there was just pressure to continue that for '19. It sounds busy, so I like the sound of that. Oh, I gotcha. What we've done so far is P9, P6, P4 into the championship over the last three years. So, I guess natural expectation that the next step is P3. Sorry, dude. Dude! Excuse me. Let's hug it out. That's like the greatest, greatest band ever. Definitely. Respect. If we, at Renault, produce an amazing car and really get ourselves clear of that midfield, and get in the fight with those top three teams. Ultimately, we want to latch onto Ferraris, Mercedes and Red Bulls. Okay, so, let's give a big round of applause to Daniel. Please, thank you! A first podium with Renault, would... Well, I've thought about it. I've certainly thought about it, but... Welcome, Daniel. It's been a long wait, but we're back everybody. Welcome along to the first day of the Formula 1 season. We're here in Melbourne, it's practice one. Hello, how are you, how have you been? - When did you get here? - Monday afternoon. The ultimate goal is to win, but we have to optimize this car. We have to get this machine to perform. It doesn't just perform on its own. And the championship, it could be closer, I really won't know until we get to that first race, to be honest. - How are you? - I'm good. All good? Mercedes are a very well-oiled machine. Hey, ladies. You okay? You good? They are, without a shadow of a doubt, the favorites going into this year. And they will be an incredibly hard nut to crack. So, the brakes, we need to go and check that with George. Sounds good. Has everything with the setup been okay with you? Yeah, yeah, everything's been good. Fire-up's gone all right. So far, so good. - No dramas? - Nope. Engine running good, running well. We have brought ourselves in a position that we are the ones to beat. Radio check. Your radio's loud and clear, Lewis. A critical part is to manage your own expectations. Not feel a sense of entitlement to win, but stay modest, not looking back because at the start of the season, all points go to zero. And Lewis, one minute. Last year, we were a disappointed second. We are all very convinced on what we wanna achieve. But again, it will take time. The competitors are very strong. Before turn nine, upshift early closer to when you go full throttle. Well, Ferrari have dominated pre-season testing. They will be blisteringly quick. Radio check. Copy. All the emotions are growing because the car has to be reliable to finish first, but we are working on that. - You all right? - Yeah, good. Please, can it look like that at the end of the session? - Good. - That would be nice. Keep Olly, he's losing a bit of hair these days. He doesn't... He doesn't need it accelerating. It's all ready, whatever happens, we're ready. Max very much moves into the driver to lead the team. He started to select another gear last year. And he has this growing following, this growing intensity around him. Ever since he signed for Red Bull, Max has been the team's shining star. Team management has said that they want to turn him into the youngest world champion in this sport's history. So, competing with that, for Daniel, was always going to be tough. Will you miss Daniel, racing him? Daniel's in the paddock and he's still racing Formula 1. So, I won't necessarily miss him, but I'm just looking ahead to the ones we have to beat and those are Ferrari and Mercedes, not Renault. That's the target. You know, if you see that helmet in your mirror, he's not gonna be there for long and he's definitely gonna have a go, and it's reminiscent of the greats in the past. He will not give up and will give it absolutely everything. Well, for me the aim is to become a world champion and, of course, it's always better sooner than later. In 10, 15, 20 years' time, if I would look back and I see third, I'm not really interested. But, personally, I'm only there to win. We gotta deliver to retain him. He's got an agreement with the team that if we don't fit the criteria by the summer break, which is top three in the Drivers' Championship, then he's a free agent. And there's a lot of teams in the paddock that would like to sign up Max Verstappen. Our intention is to provide him with a car to be able to challenge for the world championship. Please welcome. Coming into 2019, the biggest strategic decision that we've had to make was walking away from Renault and taking on a largely unproven engine in Honda. Well, the missing link for us the last five years has really been the power unit. Um, you know, we went from winning four double world championships. The last five years have been difficult for us. We're totally taking a risk on Honda, you know. You know, we've gone to the casino. We've put all our money on one number. It's not like some other sports where it's just yourself, which can make the difference. If you don't really have a car where you can fight with, then you can't really show how good you are. At the moment for me, it's very difficult to say what we can do, because you don't know. Nobody knows. The reality is Red Bull make an energy drink worldwide. Formula 1 is a platform to promote and advertize it. Max Verstappen! If this new relationship with Honda doesn't work, if we lose Max Verstappen, then you'd have to question Red Bull's long-term commitment to Formula 1. Time for qualifying. Let's see the cars blast around the Albert Park track. It looks an absolute picture in the sunshine on this beautiful evening. Formula 1 hands out points for the top ten drivers, with the winner getting 25, second, 18, third, 15. Then it rapidly tails off. So, if you're finishing lower than fifth, you're not really scoring the points that a top team needs to fight for the championship. All you can do is get into the midfield. To be fair, everyone in the midfield can be a good driver, you know. Can be Renault, can be McLaren, Alfa Romeo, Toro Rosso, or even Williams. You never know, you know. - Radio check, Romain. - It's good, brother. I insulted. No, I don't insult you. I insult him. A small team. I compete with big manufacturers. We know that our opposition, they have got bigger budgets. They've got more resources, but it's not all about that. We stand up to them and I'm not afraid of them because we're actually not afraid of anybody. You know we are going into our fourth season. I think we will have a good year again. It's a joy to work with you. With some of you. Not with everybody. Where's Romain? Nothing to say. Good. Yeah, I need somebody to pick on. It's normally him. He's used to it. We rock a little bit the establishment... ...which I think a lot of people like. Let's go and see the car a moment, guys. Let's come over. The doubters will be always out there. What do you think, guys? Good, little bit different, huh? Hopefully, it's fast. I don't really care about what they say. You have to cut out the BS from these people because they've all got an opinion, but they don't do the job. Romain, the last time a black and gold car was on the grid, it finished on the podium with you, yeah. So can you repeat this, yeah? - No pressure. No pressure. - Yeah, no pressure... Well, we went bankrupt as well. We are not bankrupt. We are not bankrupt. You know, we're not bankrupt. Anyway, not yet. Depends how many cars you destroy this year but, so... That was going to come. It's time now to get on the podium, huh? I see. Are you upset now with me? This was a joke. Lewis Hamilton on pole position. Romain Grosjean starts sixth for Haas, ahead of Kevin Magnussen. If it stays like this, we are fine. Daniel Ricciardo, the Australian hero. What can he do from 12th? What of Red Bull? Can they take the fight to the reigning world champions? Radio okay? Radio check. Copy, loud and clear. Just moments to go before the start of the Australian Grand Prix. It's lights out and away we go! And Daniel Ricciardo losing his front wing going into turn one. There's a Renault front wing missing. They didn't even get past the end of the pit lane. Has it come off completely? Affirm. Yep, has come off completely. Boxing this lap for nose change. Understood. A fairly troublesome start then for Daniel Ricciardo. And Ricciardo running plum last. Okay, let's find a rhythm now. It's going to be a long one. I've picked up a pretty big vibration. Okay, Daniel. We're going to box this lap, please. We have an issue. We're gonna retire the car. Sorry about that, mate. Sorry it didn't work out. That is a very, very disappointing end to one of his happiest weekends of the season. Okay, Romain, let's keep pushing, keep pushing and pressurizing other cars. Okay. Grosjean goes down the inside! Haas think they've got a very fast car. Yeah, told you the car was good. Fuck yeah. Okay, Romain, let's push as hard as we can. Good job, dude. Good job. Box, Romain. Okay. Oh, no. Not another pitstop drama for Haas in Australia. We're still in this fight, dude. Okay. Okay, dude, so you are around 1.5 seconds quicker than the cars ahead. We will catch them so let's keep going. I'm losing the breaks. What's the situation, brother? Stop the car, Romain. Stop the car where you can. Fuck! Ahh! Fucking stupid, fucking stupid. That's a shame. He's done a great job this weekend. Fucking hell. It's Mercedes one and two, Ferrari three and four, Red Bull fifth with Max Verstappen. How much pace do you think you've got in you? I can easily pick up the pace. It's time to see the real speed of that Honda engine. Into the pits comes Vettel. And all of a sudden, it's game on for Red Bull. You just focus on getting Seb. Cheers from the crowd! You can hear them as they see Verstappen's that much closer. That's Vettel ahead of you. Keep pushing. We are definitely catching them. Game on. Ah, yes. And there's Kevin Magnussen. With Grosjean out of it, all hopes at Haas fall on teammate Magnussen. Whatever position I'm fighting for, I only have one setting and that's maximum. Whether Kevin Magnussen can hold off the Renault behind. Magnussen defends his place. You know what I've really missed in the winter? Max Verstappen going for some overtakes. We start the final lap of this race. The whole car was coming alive. We seemed to have really good power compared to the others, so I could basically just push flat out. Max Verstappen is going for it here. Max Verstappen moves up into third place. Yes, mate! A brilliant Australian Grand Prix! It's Valtteri Bottas who wins the Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton across the line in second. Max Verstappen, for the first time ever, will stand on the podium at Albert Park. Ferrari finish fourth and fifth, chased by Kevin Magnussen, best of the rest, in sixth place, putting Haas top of the midfield. Chequered flag, Kevin, chequered flag. P6. Perfect race, man. Perfect start to the season. Whoo-hoo! Ah! Great job, boys. Great job, man. And they're finished! Well done! - Very happy, happy. - First podium! Thank you very much, thank you. I'm not a dreamer. I want to achieve. I think everybody had a lot of question marks about the partnership we were starting with Honda, but I believe that in the future, we can win world championships again like the past. - Good one. - Good job. At least one. - 50% better than last year. - Yeah. Getting there. One more year and we're there again. It's such a mix of feelings, but in the end you go away, you make sure everyone is motivated for the next race and you keep on going. It's one of 21, and they're all part of one championship. The car is performing well. I feel good. So, I'm ready to tackle the 20 others. They actually showed your start. They showed your start on the screen. It's frustrating. Your launch was awesome. It's a bit of a kick in the guts because it's just not the way I wanted to start. It does get you down. But the positive and the flip side is that there's still so many races left, so it's not like it's the last race of the season and you've got no more chance at retaliation. We are not going to vote on this. If somebody opposes to that, I sack them. I wasn't even watching anymore. I couldn't give a fuck. It's gonna be a gearbox change. Do you think we can do it or not? Two minutes to go. What happened? They hit each other. Fuckin' idiots! I've had enough of both of you. You let the fucking team down. I don't need you here. - Hello? - Who the fuck are you? You should have thrown some banana peels at my rivals. - Can you win this weekend? - Yeah! If they're good enough, they swim. They survive. If they're not good enough... Verstappen goes off the track! I'm working more than anyone else in Formula 1. We're gonna remove that subject and put you in place. Let's crush them. May the best man win. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 