The Widower: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Widower 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Widower (2013): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Malcolm Webster, a nurse at an Aberdeen hospital, has a life-style he cannot afford and when his wife Claire shows her displeasure at his debts he drugs her with drugs stolen from the hospital to stop her interfering but when she announces that she has a doctor's appointment to diagnose her lethargy he stages a car crash in which she is killed and he apparently injured. Though playing the grieving widower at her funeral he soon blows the £200,000 life insurance and moves to New Zealand where he meets Felicity Drumm. She becomes his second wife, desirous of domestic bliss in their dream home but he is already considering sending her the same way as Claire, despite the birth of their son. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BELL CONTINUES RINGING)  REVEREND: ..give themselves to each  other in marriage.  Will you love and honour each other  as man and wife for the rest of your  lives?  My darling Claire, I er...honestly  thought  that I would never find anyone  prepared to put up with me.  I thought er... maybe I'd done  something awful in a past life,  and I didn't deserve to feel as  happy as I do today.  But um...it's real and I'm here. And so is my beautiful bride.  GUESTS: Aww! Er...  Thank you to Peter, Claire's  brother, for giving her away  and to Claire's mother Betty.  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And to my own mummy and daddy.  And it's so lovely to see so many of our new friends and colleagues  from the Aberdeen Infirmary here.  Er...in fact, who's running the  wards?  (LAUGHTER)  As nurses we're always ready with a  cup of tea and some soothing words,  and if that doesn't work, some good  old TLC.  That's Temazepam, Lorazepam and  Clonazepam by the way. (LAUGHTER)  But my toast is to Claire, who has  made me the happiest man alive.  To Claire!  GUESTS: To Claire! (GLASSES CLINK)  _ M PEOPLE: One Night In Heaven  _ Ooh, one night in heaven...  You know, he's so thoughtful. He  brings me breakfast in bed.  
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Gives me little presents and leaves  little messages all around the  house.  Just makes me feel so special.  Jammy cow.  (THEY LAUGH)  No, I am. I know I am.  You know my luck with boyfriends  but... I've finally found the one.  (CHATTER AND LAUGHTER)  _ SCOTTISH REEL  (WHOOPING)  CLAIRE: Doesn't take long, does it?  Once you set your mind to it.  (BOTH CHUCKLE)  What time do you have to be in for?  Oh, about another hour.  Where did you get that? Oh, the  other day. Better safe than sorry.  No fun running out of petrol around  here. What er...time do you start  tomorrow?  Normal. Good.  I'm having er...something delivered  in the morning. I need you to sign  for it.  What do I have to sign for?  A clock. I found it in a little  antique shop in Aberdeen. It was an  absolute bargain.  Didn't think to speak to me about it first?  Wasn't aware I had to.  I like nice things. I've always liked nice things.  You spent hundreds of pounds on a  clock only recently. Why would we  need two?  Claire, please. It's my money. It's  our money.  They're antiques. They're an  investment.  There's plenty of things to spend  money on before clocks, Malcolm.  Will you take your hands out of your  pockets, please? Look so slovenly.  This is our big adventure moving up  here. It's just the two of us.  We've gotta be in this together,  don't we?  I er...I may as well go in early  seeing as I'm such a disappointment  to you.  Oh, no... Don't be so silly!  Malcolm!  (FRONT DOOR SLAMS)  (CHILD MOANING AND WHIMPERING)  (MOANING AND WHIMPERING)  And what's going on here?  You're disturbing everybody. Let's  see what we can do, shall we?  (GENTLE SNORING)  He's fine. Just er...just gone off.  OK.  (CAT MEOWS) Oh! Oh, they're gorgeous! I love them to bits!  Mm, peace offering.  I was passing the shop and I thought, "I know someone who'll give them a  good home."  They're pedigree. How much were they? Oh, nothing. (CHUCKLES)  Just over a hundred pounds or so if  you want to completely spoil the  moment.  A hundred pounds is a lot of money.  I'm cutting coupons out of the  newspaper to save us #2.50 on our  shopping bills.  Fine. I promise I won't buy any more  thoughtful presents for my wife.  Malcolm, they are lovely. And I'm  very grateful.  But...I'm sorry. I opened this by  mistake.  It's from the wedding caterers.  They're threatening court action.  This is addressed to me. My personal  mail.  I just saw "caterers". I thought it  was a receipt. This is snooping!  Bloody snooping!  They've made repeated attempts to  make contact.  Well, I sent them a cheque.  Malcolm, stop spending money we  don't have. I do have money!  How much do you owe, Malcolm?  Altogether. Credit cards,  everything.  Please, this is my business. Let me  sort it.  I hate being in debt. I get it from  my mum. I can't stand those little  people coming to our door.  Look, we just need to go through  everything. Tonight.  OK. We'll do it your way.  But, can I at least get us something  to drink? Cup of tea for you.  We'll get your bank statements and  your card statements and go through  them together.  Oh, is that what we'll do?  There we go. Thank you, sweetie.  Bank statements. Come on. Right.  You'll feel so much better when we  get on top of things.  We don't want any secrets between  us, do we? No. Of course we don't.  Now then, it might take me a while to sort through everything.  (CAT MEOWS)  You shouldn't have opened my letter.  I'm sorry, but you really shouldn't  have.  That's a line you've crossed.  And you weren't even apologetic. It  was like it was your right.  (SIGHS)  Now, then, on my cards...I owe...  #8,300.  So, now we don't have any more  secrets.  If you can just give me a little bit  of time to breathe...I will sort it  all out.  Is that a deal?  (EXHALES) I'm sorry.  Oh...God.  What's the matter? I think it's  some sort of virus.  But...it's getting worse.  I'm asleep more than I'm awake. When I'm awake I'm half dead.  My hair's gone all dull and brittle. Look at me.  (SOBS) We're supposed to start  trying for a baby but...how can I  when I feel like this?  Sometimes it's getting so bad I've  even started blacking out.  That's not right.  That shouldn't be happening.  You need to take some time off work. Go and stay with your mum.  I can't. Malcolm doesn't want me to. He says he prefers it when it's just us two.  For God's sake,  Claire, she's your mum.  (HORN BEEPS)  Oh, God. Please don't say anything.  Good evening, ladies.  Hey.  Malcolm. Don't you think Claire  should see her doctor about this  tiredness thing?  Well, it's a virus. What's the point? Yes, but it's been going on for  quite a while now. Shouldn't she  have some tests?  Well, they do go on for a while,  Lucy, then the body overcomes them  and you get better.  That's the nature of viruses. I'll  lend you a book on it if you like.  Come on, hop in.  (ENGINE STARTS)  (DRINK BEING STIRRED)  There you go. (SIGHS)  God, I feel so bad.  Mm...  Everything tastes funny.  Oh, princess. What's happening to  me?  It's a virus.  You're a nurse. I'm a nurse. We...we  know what a virus is like.  It looks like this. It'll pass. Come  on, drink your tea.  That's it. Plenty of fluids. You need to flush it out your system.  I never intended for it to go on this long, my darling.  It's just that I don't like people  telling me what to do.  But um...I'll stop now.  Promise.  Almost home. You're doing really  well. That's a good long walk we've  had.  I feel like I've got a little bit  more energy this week.  Good! I'm sure you're over the worst  of it now.  What's going on? Wait there.  Malcolm Webster? Yes.  You have failed to respond to a  number of letters  about the outstanding balance on  your Barclaycard.  Well, I received no such  correspondence.  So, I am authorised to now take the  card from you and serve you with  this summons.  Thousands you owe! You just go off  on these spending fits!  I have allowed things to get on top  of me.  It's not an excuse but I've been so  distracted with you not being well.  Yes, well about that.  I went to see my doctor yesterday.  What? He's really worried about me.  He's sending me for tests.  You have a virus. This is madness.  You said you were starting to feel  better and we agreed...  we agreed you would not go to the  doctor.  He thinks something might have got  into my system.  We need to get to the bottom of it.  He's sending me for blood and  toxicology tests tomorrow.  Tomorrow? Well, you're not going!  I am going, Malcolm.  I still don't feel right. And it's  my body!  I'm sick of feeling like shit! And I can make my own decisions!  I made them before I met you and I  can make them now!  (SOBS)  No. Come on.  OK.  OK.  How about a cup of tea?  (TICKING)  I mean, what am I supposed to do?  You just wouldn't listen to me.  I said "no doctor". I made that  perfectly clear.  But you defied me.  Well, this is your doing.  Yours. Not mine.  I've got to drop some work in at the  hospital. So they've got it first  thing in the morning.  Let me stay here. No, you need some  air, princess.  We can't leave you here like this.  Isn't this the wrong way?  Drink up, princess.  Keep your fluids up.  (TYRES SCREECH)  (MALCOLM PANTING)  (VEHICLE APPROACHING)  Aargh!  (GROANS) You all right there, pal?  I'm OK. It was a motorbike... I had  to swerve to avoid him.  Anyone else in the car? Er...no. No, no. It was a bloody motorbike.  Look, there's a farm just down the  road. I can go and phone for help.  Yes, and er...call a tow truck.  Are you OK here? Yes.  You sure? Yes, I'm fine. Don't worry about me.  Thank you.  (GROANS)  Are you all right?  Is there anybody in there?  Is there anybody in that car?  My wife! She was in the car with me!  Oh, God. Oh, God!  (BOOM OF EXPLOSION)  Get away from the car!  "For she is wise...if I can judge of  her,  And fair she is...if that mine eyes  be true,  And true she is, that she hath proved herself;  And therefore...like herself...  ..wise, fair and true...  (SOBS)  Shall she be placed in my constant  soul."  (RUMBLE OF THUNDER)  (MALCOLM SOBS)  Mr Webster? Yes.  Good afternoon. PC Rae, Grampian  Police.  I'm here to talk to you about the  investigation into your wife's  death.  I'm afraid...we've been unable to  trace the motorcycle involved in the accident.  We tried pretty much everything.  Local paper, garages, hospitals. But we've drawn a blank.  Oh, dear.  So, unfortunately, we're going to  have to scale down  the investigation into...into your  wife's death.  I...I really am very sorry.  I see.  Er... Well, I do hope you're not  going to forget about her.  The man who caused this dreadful  accident is still out there  somewhere.  Of course.  If you have any further questions  please don't hesitate to call.  Listen, I'll...I'll let you get on.  Take care.  It's no exaggeration to say that  Felicity, my darling, sweet wife, has saved me.  When we met we were both working in  the medical field in Riyadh.  At that point I'd been travelling  quite a bit  and Felicity was amassing a small  fortune in tax-free earnings.  (LAUGHTER)  Of course er... she was...she was  fully veiled.  And it wasn't until I followed her  back to New Zealand and proposed  that I actually saw what she looked  like.  And what a stunning surprise that  was.  (WHOOPING AND WHISTLING)  Thank you to my new mother- and  father-in-law, Margaret and Brian,  and to your lovely sisters for  welcoming me into your family.  But most of all, thank you to you.  I honestly thought that I would never find anyone prepared to put up with  me.  I thought er... maybe I'd done  something awful in a past life  and I didn't deserve to feel as happy as I do today.  But um...it's real.  And I'm here.  And so is my beautiful bride.  GUESTS: Aww!  To Felicity! GUESTS: To Felicity!  (LIVELY CHATTER)  He's a bit different from some of  your other boyfriends.  You mean he's the first one Mum  approves of.  (LAUGHS)  I did think when I first met him he  was a bit square for me,  but...you know what?  He's...kind and he's funny. He's  just a lovely, decent guy.  _ This beautiful lady  _ That's walking around with me  _ And then she asks me  _ Do you feel all right?  _ And I say, Yes, I feel wonderful  tonight _  (GENTLE SNORING)  (MOANS)  You OK, love? You thirsty?  Have some water.  Oh.  Mm. Oh.  What are you doing?  Oh, nothing much. You just sleep.  Been a long day.  I've been asleep for 36 hours?  Well, I was getting a bit worried.  But um...you woke up every so often  and you just seemed to want to get  back off to sleep.  I assumed you were very tired.  Perhaps it's a little virus you've  picked up.  Oh.  Oh, I got an email back from Scotland last night. My application's been  accepted. I've got the job.  Oh, that's great!  He said I'll be starting on the  bottom rung but I'm sure I'll work my way up pretty quickly.  You've been so good about us going  back home.  I don't feel I have a choice now.  Mama hasn't got long left.  Papa says she's very frail now.  It'll be nice to spend some time  with them. And, you know, I should  be able to find a job.  They must need nurses in Scotland.  It'll be great to finally meet them. _ ACKER BILK: Stranger On The Shore  Come on, now. Come, do sit up.  There's a good fellow.  Don't slouch so.  So, what are your plans?  Well, we want to spend a bit of time  with you guys  and then we'll be shuttling up and  back between here and the cottage in  Scotland.  This is the one you bought with  Claire?  No, Mummy. I sold that one, bought  another one. Too many memories.  Um...I wrote and told you.  So, will you be seeing some of your  old friends?  Well... I told him he ought to. It'd  be good for him.  I couldn't. Far too painful.  Yes. Quite right.  So, what will you do up there for  work?  Well, I've got a job lined up.  Really? Where's that?  Well, as you know I've been wanting  to move out of nursing for a while.  It's with an IT company. How  marvellous.  Yes, I'm quite pleased. I was  headhunted. Um...I'll be running a  section.  Staring salary 32K, expense account,  company car.  We were so worried when he was  younger.  He struggled at school, you see,  with his dyslexia.  Imagine how proud we were when he  went on to have such a stellar  career in nursing.  And now he's blazing a trail in the  IT world.  You're a credit to yourself,  Malcolm. The way you've overcome  adversity.  (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)  (PAINT ROLLER ON CEILING)  See you later then!  Where are you off to? Er, just into  town.  Thought I'd er...pop into work before Monday, say hello.  I'm so sorry I can't help you,  darling.  I don't think doing this with an  unstable neck fracture's such a good  idea.  Yeah, the blasted thing.  It's the force we were thrown forward with when we smashed into the trees.  Felt the crack.  You go. It's fine. I actually quite  like decorating.  Well, don't overdo it.  (DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)  You know, my darling, don't you?  You know it was an accident.  The motorbike was coming straight for us. I...  I had to swerve.  I was too badly dazed.  I couldn't understand what they were  asking me.  Couldn't tell them you were in the  car until it was too late.  And I lost everything.  (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)  I spoke to this company today doing a special deal on a Bose sound system.  Absolute bargain.  You've only just got the Bang and  Olufsen.  Yes, that's for the lounge. This  would be for everywhere else.  No, absolutely not. We're supposed  to be saving.  Whatever you say.  On the er...subject of savings, we  should clear out a hundred  when we do come to sell this place.  And another 15 savings and  investments.  Which is what? $300,000.  And you've got?  300,000 from the sale of my house in New Zealand and um...and 50,000  savings.  So, together that's in the  neighbourhood of $650,000 to buy a  place in New Zealand.  That's a pretty respectable  neighbourhood, I'd say.  (BOTH CHUCKLE)  (TICKING)  There's a problem with my half of the money. Might as well be honest with  you.  I had... thought there might be a  modest profit from the sale of this  place, you see,  but with the mortgage and  everything...  I'll be lucky to come out even.  My savings and investments...  To be frank, I'm actually a little in the red on my account.  Just a couple of thou.  Just under 20, if you must know.  And the 200K from Claire's life  insurance is all gone.  So, I find myself in a bit of a tight corner, truth be told.  But er...there is, of course, your  money.  Which would solve all my immediate  problems.  Yes.  If only you'd allow us to have a  joint account.  Instead of hoarding everything to  yourself.  Oh...  For goodness' sake, what were you  doing in there?  I'm sorry. I had to use the  bathroom.  Here, for the journey. Oh, thanks.  Come on. That's it.  Where are we? There we are.  Don't you remember?  You er...you said you'd like to see  the coast. "Let's go for a walk. Get  some fresh air."  Malcolm, I um...I need to talk to  you about something. It's important. All in good time. Let's er...get to  the top first.  Ooh.  (GULLS CRY)  (WIND WHISTLES)  Isn't it beautiful? Let's er...get a  closer look.  The views are spectacular.  Malcolm, I um...  I've figured out why I've not been  feeling very well.  And um...why my food's been tasting  funny.  Why's that, my darling?  It's what I wanted to talk to you  about.  I'm pregnant.  What?  Well, aren't you happy?  Of course. Of course I am.  I just um...I mean, how silly of me  not to realise that's why you've been unwell.  I did the test this morning and  um...it's positive.  That's what I was doing in the  toilet. We're gonna have a baby.  Come away, darling. You're a little  wobbly to be standing near the edge.  It's gonna be a boy.  I just know it's going to be a boy.  And Daddy will be so pleased.  (LOW CONVERSATION)  It's exactly what we're looking for  and...  Do you want me to take him, with  your neck? No, it's fine. He's only  light.  Could you give us a minute? Sure.  What do you think? I mean, I know  it's right at the very top of our  price range,  but Edward's taking a bottle now and I could go back to work soon if I  have to.  It's just everything I've ever  dreamed of, Malcolm.  If it's what you want...then you must have it.  Really? Really.  Eee!  (BOTH GIGGLE)  We're gonna get it. We're gonna get  it.  How did it go? Well, I think we've  found our new house.  Four bedrooms, North Shore. Mom,  it's absolutely gorgeous.  So, you gonna put an offer in?  We just need to sort out transferring the money from the sale of my cottage in Scotland,  but, yes, we'll soon be out of your  hair.  Oh, don't be silly. We've enjoyed  having you here.  I'm so pleased. Well, I think this  calls for a celebration.  Come on. I've got a bottle of bubbly in here.  I need to open an account to transfer funds into from the UK.  We're um...we're under contract on a property  and he needs to have his money here  ready for when we settle.  It's not a problem. Just need two  forms of ID.  Felicity.  I told you to bring your driving  licence and passport.  I thought you'd brought them with  you. No.  I reminded you before we left.  This is embarrassing...  Er...why don't we make yours a joint  account and then um...my money can be paid into that?  I've told you before - I don't want  a joint account.  I'm just thinking it will save time.  (EXHALES HEAVILY)  Um... OK, yeah...  Yes, put his name on my account.  OK. All right.  Well, that's it. Deposit's paid.  (MICROWAVE BEEPS) We'll be in soon.  Yeah. It's very exciting.  Did you speak to your bank in  Scotland?  Yes. The er...the money should be  through sometime next week.  My sisters are so envious. Such a  lovely house.  And you...you deserve it, my darling. Coming through with my famous  crumble.  Here, let me do that.  You need to eat to keep up your  strength.  How much have you got in your  account? I can't remember, off the  top of my head.  Oh, come on, Malcolm, it's  important.  I have my half, OK? Don't keep  badgering.  subtitles by Deluxe  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 