Giri/Haji: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giri/Haji 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giri/Haji (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Kenzo is finally reunited with Yuto, and while he gets some answers, any hopes of a reconciliation are dashed when he finds himself back at square one, still chasing after his brother and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Upon his arrival to London, the police detective makes enquiries into his brother's whereabouts. Looking for one lost boy, he takes in another and discloses the truth of his quest to a woman with a secret of her own. New players are introduced to an increasingly volatile game. One member of his family missing, and one long-thought gone remerging from the shadows. CHILD LAUGHS HE COUGHS CHILD LAUGHS HE STRAINS 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Stop the car! Stop the car! INCOMING CALL Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Am I a fucking horse? SMASH! Argh! SHE PANTS BARKING I know it's you! Fuck! Fuck! FUCK! Fuck! Ah! Fuck! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 MESSAGE ALERT Fuck! Fucking hell! Oh, fuck, you're beautiful! Oh, my...! You're so fucking beautiful! Oh! Oh! HE CHUCKLES THEY PANT TEXT ALERT I know. TANNOY: In the interest of safety... HE SIGHS TANNOY: For security reasons, baggage left unattended will be removed and destroyed. INCOMING CALL HE SIGHS Lisa, fuck off. Listen, something happened. Rodney, it's Tiff! Babe, slow down, slow down. It's Tiff! He took something! I called an ambulance, but it was too late. You should get going. I thought we were going to get breakfast? That's just something nice I say when I want to screw someone. Sun's up now, time to leave. RODNEY SNIFFS Fucking cokehead! DISTANT SIREN WAILS Abso-fucking-lutely not. Why not? I've said all I need to say to that man, plus, if we walk in there, we might not walk back out. You know what I mean? This is Britain, there are rules, even for criminals. No, let me tell you where there are rules - here, this buffet. Brits love this shit. Huh! Try and cut in line at the cereal bar, see what happens. The big stuff? They're maniacs! This fucking country. Mr Vickers, it is your responsibility to exhaust all non-violent options. I don't believe anyone wants a conflict, but you need to go to the negotiating table. Negotiate with what? You said it yourself, they are animals and they're looking for a fight. If Abbot is smart, he'll want to do everything he can to avoid one. VICKERS SIGHS Fine, I'll give it a go. But if I end the day hanging upside down in some cold storage unit, that's very much on you. All right? # Oh, it makes no difference # What you say or do # I'm so forgiving... # DISGRUNTLED CHATTER ANGRY SHOUTING # I'm so forgiving # And I can't go on living # Two steps from the blues. # UPBEAT MUSIC Can I help you, Miss? I'm looking for something heavy. Heavy? Yeah. What you playing? I'm not. Well, some people swear by a crowbar, or a pipe. But for me, nothing beats a bat. Light enough to swing, but you will knock a motherfucker out no problem. KNOCK AT DOOR Er...who is this now? Hello? Does it speak? Is it a mute? Hello. WHISPERS: Who are you? Taki. Ah! I'm an entrusted advisor to your father in need of a fast cash loan. What? Money. I don't have money. That is crushing. OK. Wait! Can I come with you? Bitch, if you can keep up. That means yes. Where are we going? To a confrontation. Do you know what confrontation means? Yes. Do you mind a confrontation? No. Good. That will help. HUBBUB DOOR OPENS CLATTERING BABY WHIMPERS BABY CRIES DISTANT SIREN WAILS Please tell Mr Abbot that Mori-Kenzo of Tokyo graciously begs a moment of his time. WHISPERS: I'm shitting myself, in case you were wondering. Just keep your cool. I am cool. Jesus Christ! Well, well, well! Huh! I weren't expecting this when I was dipping my eggy soldiers this morning. I thought you'd fucked off back to Baltimore. Pittsburgh. Wherever. Konnichiwa, and, er...arigato. Thanks very much for that. It's, er...very kind of you. Tyler, can you get a bottle of Bunraku down, please? Sit down, gents. Welcome. So...right. Well, look, I know who you are cos I had you followed. Bit surprised to see you walk in here, to tell you the truth. Ha! Here you are, so, er...let's deal with that. We have left a notice of where we were going. So if we don't return... Yeah, look, I understand, you've come in here under the flag of peace, I get it. And I can assure you, nothing's going to happen to you during the course of this meeting, all right? On that, you have my word. For what it's worth. Is Yuto here? He's out the back, I'll just go and get him, shall... No, 'course he ain't fucking here. This is for you. Thank you. So, er... ..when did this happen? When did you...? I followed up a lead on Yuto and found Mr Vickers. Is that right, Mr Vickers? He wants Yuto, I want my shit back, so all roads lead to you, like fucking Damascus. It's Rome. Whatever. Yeah. Yeah. No, look, what can I tell you? I was going through a bit of a St Petersburg phase. And now you're in a Japanese phase? It's not a phase. Oh, no, it's a lifelong passion. You know what they're big on in Japan? Honour, right? So, why don't you honour our arrangement and give me my money back? Because I've invested it, Vickers, yeah? That means spent it. Yeah? And you can have it back once it starts to pay... I... Perhaps as a show of faith, you can make an upfront return payment. Say, 10%? Good. Fine, fine. As a goodwill gesture. Yeah, but what about you? I can't give you 10% of what you want, can I? Unless, I dunno, he cuts another one of his fingers off. No. I require all of Yuto. Yeah. Well, I can't do that for you. There are powerful men in Japan looking for him. And if I cannot bring him home peacefully, I have no doubt that they will come here looking for him. They can send who they want, as long as you tell them not to send anyone they want back. All right? Violence is bad for business, and you can easily avoid it by accommodating us in our requests. I wish you hadn't done that. Done what? Threatened me. I'm not threatening you. No, you did, you threatened me. You said I can easily avoid violence if I give you and Vickers what you want. That's a threat in anyone's language. I apologise. I fucking don't! Look, do you want another beating? Cos I will happily roll my sleeves up! This is a business meeting! It's respectable. We are men. Yeah, well, er...let's knock this on the head now cos my cream is beginning to curdle. Mr Abbot, Yuto does not belong here. The British police are closing in on him. Please let me take him back to Japan, for all of our sakes. It is my understanding that he has every intention of returning to Japan, Mori-San, OK? I mean, we all do. Come on, Vickers. Huh! Get the fuck outta here! Shake his hand. There you go. You don't want to mess with me, Connor, trust me. I have backing. Oh, fuck it! Argh! No! I'm sorry, Vickers. It's just I can't abide false bravado, it rankles me. It always has done. Let's see how tough you are when I shove the Albanian mafia up your ass! What's he talking about? Mr Abbot, please... Look, get him out of here! And here's a bit of advice for both of you - get on a plane, cos London is not a safe place for you two any more. Truth be told, it never was. All right? And don't forget your pressie. Here you go. It's disrespectful. Huh? Fuck him! You were supposed to keep your cool. Oh, Christ, this is a nightmare! This is a goddamn waking nightmare. You know what I just did? I lost the element of surprise, and that's one of the useful elements. I read that somewhere. It was worth a try. Yeah, it was worth a try. And now, the shotgun-wielding Albanians will get their turn. That is a very bad idea. Ah, the latest in a long line. What don't you do what he says? Why don't you get on a plane and go home? I think you'd be a lot happier staying out of this. Yuto is involved in this fight, so I am! Fine. I guess I'll just let you know when the shit hits the fan, then. We'll start a fucking WhatsApp group or something. HUBBUB Lunch Club - pub edition. Special guest star. Come on. DISTANT SIREN WAILS ANIMATED CHATTER ANIMATED CHATTER Sarah. You left your brick in my flat last night. What? You threw a fucking brick through my window! Weitzmann. You're all drinking together like nothing happened! I just want to get on with my life, Sarah. Oh, bullshit! I am watching you! You're making it worse for yourself. Just fuck off, will you? For God's sake, just fuck off! Don't! Why'd you come to London, anyway? I ran away. Oh, you ran away? To the city where your father is? You're doing it wrong, darling. Got it upside down. Come on. BANGING ON DOOR FOOTSTEPS Yes? Brian, these are two of Tiff's friends. I didn't catch your names. Oh, sorry. My name is Rodney and this is, um... Taki. This is my friend Taki. Rodney. Oh, he mentioned me, then? He mentioned you, too. They're still looking into what... It was pills. Guess he wanted our attention. Where would he have got them from? Boys like him know how to get things like that. They learn from boys like you? They learn a lot of things from boys like me, yeah. You were lovers, weren't you? Yeah, for a while, yeah. He came back to us for a bit. After you. Cried his eyes out. Then he was gone again. That was the last time we saw him. He didn't want to be here. We wanted him here. Did you? We never... Never what? Planned to have a little queen for a son? You're crossing a line. He didn't want to come back somewhere he wasn't welcome. He was always welcome here. Bullshit. Bullshit! Who do you think you are? How dare you? Get out. I want to go to his room. Get out! He has something of mine and I want it. RUTH GASPS I want something to remember him by. All you ever did was cause him pain. I loved him. You broke his heart! Why would you do that? I don't know. It's at the top of the stairs, on the left. I know how that looked in there, but... Tiff told me, so don't be fooled. Fucking dads! It's all they can do. I mean, look at us, what do they expect? Should have a fucking licence, that's what I think. Should have a fucking licence to be... INCOMING CALL I'd like you to study the image via the online portal and prepare your initial thoughts. Thanks very much. I'll see you next Thursday. I had him, right there, in front of me. I could have reached out and touched him. Did you try to bring him in? I couldn't do it. Couldn't, or wouldn't? Ms Weitzmann...you're a police officer. Your duty's to your job, not to me. I fear I have already compromised... It's Yom Kippur. Sorry? Yom Kippur, tonight. It's a Jewish thing. You're supposed to fast and feel guilty about stuff. I usually skip the fasting part. I'm really good at the guilt, though. My mum and dad would make a big meal and we'd all ask for forgiveness for our transgressions and, you know, receive atonement and stuff. Massive leap, but I wonder if that might not be something you could use? I can't. My daughter arrived last night. So bring her. Truth is, I could do with not being alone this evening. Plus, you've still got to eat, right? What we doing here? Guard the house. Guard. OK. LOW CHATTER CLATTERING CLATTERING MEWING AND BARKING You have to throw it in... TAKI LAUGHS Try again. Try it again. See? That's it. TAKI LAUGHS Choose it by percentage. Biggest percentage gets you the most drunk. Do you like Riesling? Something drier? Something with... Please, just...anything. Hello! You must be Taki. Hi! Well, come in! Come in! Rodney, the glasses are in the cabinet up there. Darling, could you grab a potato masher from the pot over there? Your window got smashed. Hm? Oh, yeah. Which cupboard, Sarah? Great. Can you do the potatoes? Oh, Kenzo, I think there's more butter in the fridge. Is this the only wine you've got? Lots of this, a splash of milk and then really go to town on them. She doesn't know what "go to town" means. Sorry, I should've mentioned you'd all end up helping me cook. Huh! It's all right. Out of the window, please. So, Taki, how are you liking England so far? Yes. Going to show her all the sights, aren't I? Who better to show her around London than a real-life queen? Fuck you! Queen? Cos she's a fabulous old bitch with a hat for every occasion? I don't think she got that. HE CHUCKLES Vickers was in here earlier. Vickers? Yeah, you remember him. Whiny bloke, silly accent, punchable face. Turns out he's still in the country. He's come in here, threatening a war with the Albanians. Jesus, the Albanians! And here's an interesting wrinkle, Donna. He's only turned up with that Japanese policeman. You know, the one you told me not to worry about. So, do you still think I don't need to worry about him? I told him to go back home. Well, I don't think he listened to you, Donna. Did you tell him what'd happen to him if he didn't go back home? Yeah. Well, you got a bit of work to go and do, then, ain't ya? I'll sort it. Tyler? Call the restaurant, I want my table. Tell Alkan and Ricky to meet me there. I want to find out what the fucking hell's going on with this thing. Yuto, as well? No, not Yuto. Leave him under his rock. No more warnings for this guy, Donna. No more second chances. And that goes for you, too. Cos if I can't rely on you to deliver for me on simple stuff like this, you're no use to me. And I'll make fucking sure you're no use to anyone else either! So I should state, by the way, on the scale of Jewishness, with ten being Jesus and one being a gammon salesman working on a Saturday, I'm around a three. But basically, what we do is eat all this food to break the fast that none of us have been observing, and we talk about who we want forgiveness from, or what we want forgiveness for. Or something. INCOMING CALL Excuse me. Hm! Who'd like to go first? Taki? What would you like forgiveness for, Taki? Oh, what about when you stabbed that boy with a scissors in the thigh? What?! I'm not sorry about that. He was grabbing me. I would like forgiveness for... ..leaving home without letting my mother know where I was. She was worried. Well, by the power invested in me, by the Yom and the shalom and all the hummus, I hereby grant unto you the special forgiveness of the Jewish people. Am I doing it right? Go on, then, it's your turn. Yeah, OK, me. I want forgiveness for... ..for bad decisions. Hm! And bad intentions. Shit, if we need to ask forgiveness for intentions, we're going to be here all night. INCOMING CALL Rodney, bear in mind we only have so long. Mm. So...I would like forgiveness... Um...I would like forgiveness for... HE SIGHS AND CLEARS THROAT I broke a nice boy's heart and... ..I made him believe that I was going to be his whole world. And then I left. And...he was alone. And I didn't care. I make people get close to me and then I push them away and I don't know why. Do I get forgiveness for that? Do I get forgiveness for the ten missed calls he left on my phone the night that he died? Yes. Going to need to get some more wine at this rate. Thank you. SARAH SIGHS Kenzo? HE SIGHS Um... INCOMING CALL Excuse me. Probably would've been quite boring, anyway. OK, so no offence, but Taki is still hungry. Oh! Did you not like the food, Taki? I'm sorry, but you tried to fill this delicate lotus flower full of 35lb of heavily-buttered mash. I'm surprised we didn't have an incident. I'm so sorry. I've got a Viennetta in the freezer. Viennetta? No. There's a Japanese takeout around the corner. It wouldn't hurt her to pop out. I'll have her home by 11. Ten. 11:10. Understood. DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES Thank you very much for tonight. Thank you. I have them, too, sometimes. Bad intentions. SIREN WAILS SHE HYPERVENTILATES Fucking hell! PIANO RECITAL LOW CHATTER SMASH! INCOMING CALL HE SIGHS Yeah? What do you want? If you are really serious about taking him down, then you should know in an hour, you're going to get maybe the best chance to do it. And... ..why exactly would you be telling me this? How do you quit a job you're not allowed to walk away from? You light a fire and run. He'll be in the restaurant. Couple of guys with him, that's it. CLICK! Tyler? Listen, I've changed my mind. I want the whole war council there tonight. Everyone, yeah? Except Yuto, he's got to keep his head down, but the rest of them, get them over there. Sure thing. This was Tiff's favourite bar. JJ? Three sambucas, please. Thank you. Do you know sambuca? Rodney! Hi. Tiff. Yeah. Three tequilas, please, JJ. Jazzy. Yeah! # In my mind, in my head # This is where we all came from # The dreams we had, the love we shared # This is what we're waiting for # And in my mind, in my head # This is where we all came from # The dreams we had the love we shared # This is what we're waiting for... # WHISPERS: Everyone's here. # And in my mind, in my head # This is where we all came from. # BIRDSONG SNORING HE YAWNS GATE CLANGS AND WHIRS OPEN RAPID BLEEPING What's happening? Tosh? What's going on? We are fucked badly. What does...? I-I don't know what that means. We're fucked. INCOMING CALL Yes? We're taking Abbot. There's a restaurant he goes to, it's going down in there, if you want to come along. Will Yuto be there? I don't have the fucking guest list. You wanted to be kept in the loop, you're in the loop, right? So, what do you think? We got plenty of room. We got the soccer mom car. Come on, we'll pick you up. # You're a fraud and you know it... # AUTOMATED VOICE: You have one new message. # But it's too good to throw it all away # Anyone would do the same... # INCOMING CALL Donna, is there a meeting tonight?! There's going to be an attack on the restaurant! I don't know what's happening, but you need to stay away. Are you there?! If you're there, you need to get out! I'm coming to get you. What's the matter - you never been in a gunfight before? # What is it that you've done to make the grade # And should you do the same? Is that too easy? # Are you only trying to please them? # Will they see then? # You're desperate to deliver... # INCOMING CALL Not now. He sprayed it racing green! If you're there, you need to get out! I'm coming to get you. No! FUCK! # Such highs and lows # You put on quite a show... # Shit! # All these highs and lows # And you're never really sure what you do it for # Well, do you even want to know? # You put on quite a show # Mother, Mother, Mother # Are you watching? # Are you watching? # Mother, Mother, Mother Are you watching? # Mother, Mother, Mother # Mother, Mother, Mother # You're a fraud and you know it... # LOW CHATTER # And every night and day you take the stage # And it always entertains # You're giving pleasure # And that's admirable you tell yourself # And so you gladly sell yourself to others... # ..All of the time! That is... Boss? What?! What you doing here? Where's Yuto? # Mother, Mother, Mother Are you watching? # Mother, Mother, Mother Are you watching? # Are you watching? # Two-zero-zero, over. Assistance required. Possible incident about to kick off on Lexington Street. Numerous males acting suspiciously outside the Spanish restaurant. MUFFLED SHOUTING They are here! What's going on?! There's definitely activity. Right, fucking everyone get ready! Be ready! LOW CHATTER Move it! All right! My man, all right? Party. Oh, shit! Guns, guns, guns! # Come on # Get up, wh-oo-oo-oo # Get up, all you people # Get up, come along, come on and get up and get down to me # Get up # And get down, get up out of your seat # Get up and get down get up and move your feet # Oh, come and rise, rise, rise # Shake your hips And wiggle your thighs # Get up, let me see I want to see you # Lemme see...# 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 