Giri/Haji: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Giri/Haji 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Giri/Haji (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 As Kenzo searches Saburo's apartment for clues to his brother's whereabouts, he comes face to face with an assassin who gives him a message from the mob boss Mr Abbot - go home or go to the... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Murder in London... ..and murder in Tokyo. And a year after he'd buried his brother, a police detective receives a night-time visit from a feared Yakuza, and learns of his possible resurrection. With secrets of his own, haunted by his past, he travels across the world into a strange and distant city. With new friends... ..and new enemies... ..and an uncertain future ahead of him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Where were you? It's my night off. What the hell happened? What I told you on the phone - two guys jumped the boss at the bar. What, they were trying to kill him? Well, they weren't stabbing him for fun! Where were you when this was going on? About ten metres away. That's about eight and a half metres too far, wouldn't you say? There was another guy. He was just having a drink at the bar when it kicked off. Cracked one of them over the head with his bottle. What, just minding his own business? Till the two fellas next to him pulled knives. THUMPING DANCE MUSIC Where the hell were you?! Jesus Christ! I was gone for five minutes. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, yeah, well, he could have been killed. Yeah, well, he wasn't. This sort of shit gets us unwanted attention! What if someone called the cops? We'll deal with it! Fucking calm down. Where's everyone now? Abbot's getting patched up in his office. All right. And the two dickheads with the knives? They're still breathing? Sort of. One's in the cellar, one's in the store cupboard. And what about the Good Samaritan? He's still here. Didn't want to leave. You're having a night. We're just holding everyone until the police arrives. You haven't called the police. They'd be here by now. Well, I could do with a drink, I don't know about anyone else. Are you all right? Yeah! It's not the first time someone's tried to stab me. It is the first time it's happened in my own bar, though. That irks. Hello, mate, I'm Connor Abbot. You're going to have a whisky with me. Donna, another special one, please. Cheers. You're Japanese. Yes. I knew it. So, what do you think of this place, like? What it is, is I had a designer ship over all the furnishings from Osaka specially. Weren't cheap. Even the name - Kodawari Bar. What does kodawari mean, Vickers? The pursuit of perfection! The pursuit of perfection. I mean, you've got to love a people that have a word for that! It is spelt wrong on these napkins. What?! You're kidding me. What happened to your... Atonement. See? That ain't an easy thing to come by these days. Huh! So, erm... well, 500 ought cover it, right? 500? Cover what? To our friend...as a show of our appreciation and of your discretion. You don't owe me a debt. Yeah, you saved his life, so... You value his life at £500? Ha... Yeah, he's got a point there, Vickers. VICKERS STAMMERS Just... Can I...can I talk to you? What...what are you doing? This guy could be a problem. Don't you realise what he is? What? He's Yakuza. Er... Come on, get the... Yakuza? We don't know this guy. He probably lost his finger in a fucking juicer. My name is Yuto Mori. I was a Yakuza contract killer in Tokyo for the Fukuhara crime family. I know gangsters, I know how to protect them. If you hire me, then the next time someone pulls a knife on you... ..they'll be dead, before they have a chance to ruin your shot. VICKERS LAUGHS It's a good plot of land, we get it at a knock-down price, redevelop. I'll lean on my guy in buildings regulation. Sure. What? Nothing, I'll get the hard hat and high vis ready, shall I? Trust me, this is better than running H and extorting corner stores, or whatever you used to do. Hey, Yuto, where can I get, like, a California roll? Or, like, a Philadelphia roll? You ever had one of those? I used to be a gangster, you know. Now look at me, I'm like a glorified fucking estate agent. This is what that Yank has done to me. You are making money. Yeah, but there's more to life than money, Yuto. What's the matter? Do you know that geezer? His name is Saburo. His uncle and my old boss are... ..rivals in Tokyo. You miss being a gangster? Yeah. Then you should be a Yakuza. How? What are you talking about? Halting the project? It's just not working out, Vickers. We're going to try something new now. This is a key time for us. No, I can't listen to any more bollocks about first quarters or projected profit margins, or whatever the fuck else it is that gives you a hard-on. The plan has changed. Whose plan? Huh? Whose... Fucking Pearl Harbor over here? Who the fuck is he, even? I don't believe this, this is ridiculous. I'm not going to let you do this. I'm not going to let you walk away with my money. Hey, hey, hey, listen. Agh! VICKERS COUGHS Is this it? Your people? Yes. Will you see them when you go back? I don't know. I don't know what I... ..say to them. There aren't words for everything. No. It's time. PHONE RINGS Hi, door's open. SIREN WAILS At the moment, the weapons are sitting in a shipping container in the Kami-fucking-gumi terminal. Don't worry about the other thing, I told you, I'll sort that out. Ta-ra. It's all kicking off in Tokyo. Endo has just turned over a restaurant, and he's sayonara'd off about ten people. Christ, they don't hang about. Neither do the Japanese cops. They're sending someone over here to look for Yuto. He's being picked up from the airport by an Eiji Watari. Donna, I need you to go and nip this in the bud for me. Fuck. PHONE VIBRATES Yes? Kenzo Mori? Yeah, I'm calling from the A&E; department of University College Hospital. I have a young man - Rodney Yamaguchi - he's been brought in in quite a bad way. I think you might know him. I know who you are. I know what you're doing here, but you need to go back to Japan. You hear me? Do you work for Abbot? Doesn't matter who I work for. If you know who I am, then you know I cannot leave. Yuto doesn't want to see you. Does he know I'm here? I need to speak to him. No, you need to listen to me. I'm giving you a chance to walk away from this. Most people don't get that. I need to see my brother. Ugh! HE PANTS HEAVILY Right now, you are a problem to me and I need you to stop being a fucking problem to me. I'm giving you 24 hours. You can go to the airport or you can go to the morgue. The decision's entirely up to you. He has bruising on the ribs and around the abdomen, a concussion, but no swelling or bleeding on the brain showed up on the CT. Isn't there someone else that should be here? I don't really know the boy. You answered the phone. Do you need someone to take him home? Actually, I need someone to bring him back. He ran out on us. But if you can't, these are his pain meds. And look after him, will you? Kids like Rodney come in here all the time, until they don't. You know what I mean? You should get that head looked at. Oh, great, just in time. I have your medicine. Shove it up your arse! Actually, don't. Give it here. Argh... Give it here! Give it... OK. Thank you. You can fuck off now. Fuck off, please. Fuck off! BANGING INSIDE HE SOBS I'm looking for my brother. That's why I'm here. I just found out he's probably alive after a year of thinking he was dead. I just... They told me he has done something terrible. But I don't know what to do. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't help you. What would you call these walls? Sort of Beige Cream? Cream Beige? Mushroom? Mushroom Surprise? Vanilla Mushroom? Mushroom Cream? Oh! Beige Spinach. Like what you've done with the place. What happened to your head? Someone hit me. Just the once? That was restrained of them. HE GROANS Mind if I...? Fucking hell. Ooh! So, this is your brother's handiwork, is it? That's what they told me. Fucked up family, mate. If you say you're going to help someone... ..you should do it. Yes. Two fingerprint idents. "Cause of death - puncture wound to the..." Why can't they just write, "Stabbed with a bloody great sword"? What about this one? It's Chika Tani. He's a Japanese national. We don't know much about him. One arrest, street brawl a few months ago. No charges. Hm. Spoken to Interpol? We're waiting to hear back. What about that safe? Going in with a locksmith later. Marvellous. SARAH: I think it's a fake name. What? Chika Tani. I think it's a fake name. Why? Well, it's a girl's name, to start with. Oh, for Christ's sake. Very popular according to this. We'll look into it. Yeah, thank you. Don't step on Bill's toes. The Samurai sword thing's his. He's doing a stand-up job with it. One day, you're going to have to give me real cases again. Mm. I'd have thought you'd have been too busy playing teacher for that. Is there anything else? Ian's being released. Yes. I think I should have been told. I'm not a probation officer, Sarah. The last time I saw him, he threatened me. Yeah, well, your testimony just got him six years. He's entitled to feel aggrieved. Someone posted a snake through my letterbox last night. What you get up to in your own time is your own business, Weitzmann. Steve! He's not an idiot, Sarah. He's not going to risk getting sent back inside just to nause you up with a stupid prank. Well, then, who put it there? I don't care. You sent one of us down - there are consequences. You're not going to get invited to very many Christmas parties, I wouldn't have thought. Nobody's putting any snakes in any letterboxes or making any threats, so get that shit right out of your head. RINGING TONE OK. As we discussed earlier, the techniques of crime scene management are based on Locard's Exchange Principle. PHONE VIBRATES This principle states that anyone who enters a crime scene will take something from it and... ..um... ..leave something behind... ..demonstrating... RINGING TONE LIFT RATTLES HE LAUGHS Kenzo? Mrs Weitzmann. I apologise for leaving your class. Is everything OK? Yes. Are you going in? No. KEYS CLINK There's a minimum 90% attendance required to pass the course. I know a lot of it's familiar to you, but... It won't happen again. Look, I actually wanted to run something by you. Suspect in a murder case. We're stuck waiting on Interpol, but I thought maybe you could whiz his mugshot past your station's database, see if anything comes up. Massive long shot, I know, but... Hey! Can you keep it down, please? People are trying to recuperate in here. Fuck's sake. Who's that? No-one. What happened to his face? Someone beat him up. Not me. SARAH KNOCKS What? Who are you? I am the owner of this fine establishment and I'd ask you to kindly stop knocking on my door, please. Is he high? Painkillers. WHISPERS: And cocaine. Are you a student here? Good God, no. He is a male prostitute who helped me with a... ..task. He got injured in the process, so I'm letting him stay here briefly. At any point when those words were coming out of your mouth, did you think they sounded like a satisfying explanation? It is the truth. You'll run it by your colleagues for me? Off the record, obviously. Does anything strike you as unusual about him? No. Not even the fact that he's got a woman's name? Oh, yes. That. Oh, yes. That. Well... ..thank you. Bye. CAT MEOWS SHE SCREAMS DOOR CLOSES RODNEY COUGHS How are you feeling? Like warmed-up shit. OK, well...there is work to do. Goodbye. "I'm sorry about your face, Rodney. "Can't help but feel like I'm responsible." "Oh! Don't worry about it, Kenzo, that's OK." That's very sweet of you to say. I apologised last night. Did you? Don't remember that. Maybe I've got brain damage. You know, from the beating. I'm not your baby-sitter. No, I mean, just to be clear, you'd be a fucking terrible baby-sitter. Mr Vickers? Yeah? I'm sorry to disturb you, but I'm looking for someone I believe you have met. He was arrested for assaulting you earlier this year. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH Honey, who is it? Er, no-one, sweetheart. It's OK. There's a bar downstairs. Meet me there in half an hour. DOOR SLAMS Yeah. I gotta be quick, my wife thinks I'm making a phone call. So his real name's Yuto. I know. Why are you looking for him? He's wanted in Japan. I'm here to take him home. Oh, yeah? That's about the first piece of good news I've heard in a long while. That's... HE LAUGHS How do you know him? How do I know him? He fucking usurped me. Usurped? I had a business partner. Abbot. Me and him had a really good thing going on - big loan from my father, diverse portfolio. Criminal shit, you understand, but profitable. And safe. Then fucking Yuto turns up, and let's just say Abbot lost interest in me and... MIMICS JAPANESE ACCENT: ..started looking to the East for inspiration. I think Abbot hired someone to scare me back to Tokyo. Well, you should be scared, frankly. What is your business exactly, Mr Vickers? What's my business? Hmm, let's see. Well, my wife thinks I go to the office every day, but the truth is I mostly just walk around London trying not to have a panic attack. Sometimes I sit on a park bench and cry - that usually kills a few hours. You see, I was given almost eight million dollars by my father, told to make something of myself, and I live in a hotel now. And I can't go home without my money, which is why the fucking Albanian mafia is sitting in the lobby 24 hours a day, cos I had no other option but to get into bed with these psychopaths, to help me stage a... a...a fucking gang war, if you can believe that, just to get my investment back. I've been around mobsters my whole life. But these guys... ..they're animals. And now I'm in bed with them. I've got a stomach ulcer the size of a cantaloupe, there's blood in my shits and even my fucking pubes are going grey. So what business am I in? Let's see, er I'm basically the CEO of the getting-fucked-by-Yuto Corporation, that's what business I'm in. SPEAKS JAPANESE It's OK. I'm here now. If you help me find Yuto, I will take him back to Japan. Without him, perhaps your business partner will rethink his new direction. I don't know. It seems like a long shot. It can only be better than the alternative. Abbot owns the Kodawari bar in Soho. I don't know where Yuto is. That's the best I can give you. Thank you. Hey! There's a clock ticking on this, yeah? WOMAN SINGS MEN LAUGH AND CHAT STATIC DOOR OPENS Well? Nice to see you too. You were right - she followed you until you went into the hotel, and then she cleared off. And then she went to a bar... It's the Kodawari bar? Yeah, something like that. And then... ..she went here. Thank you. You're welcome. Why so much? Wait, was she dangerous? Well, this was a blast. Let's never do it again some time. GLASS SMASHES KENZO READS: YOUNG YUTO: THEY LAUGH PHONE RINGS It was found in the corridor. He was here with one of your students, I believe. Do I need to get the department head involved? Thank you, no. I'll sort it. Has Mr Mori been around? I haven't seen him today. Thank you. KNOCK ON DOOR Do you remember me from this morning? I have a comedown, not fucking amnesia. Er, can I help you? You left this. I flushed your drugs away. Well, that was a shitty thing to do. Who did that to your face? Oh, just an ex. He still loves me, though, he can change. He didn't mean it. Only joking. Fuck him. And he came and smashed your flat up too? I like to think of it more as... ..aggressive redecorating. Are you going to report it? Yeah, no, my only concern is that the police might be a little bit TOO keen to assist a coke-addicted rent boy of colour. Your ex is your pimp, isn't he? What's his name? Why, what you gonna do? Go talk to him? I had a boyfriend who did bad things once. And he didn't stop until he had to. And right now, there's nothing stopping this guy. Not you, not the police, not a lock on the door. How do you know Kenzo? I don't, really. What were you helping him with? Nothing. Rodney, is Kenzo in trouble? We're all in trouble, honey. He's looking for someone. That's all I know. His brother. Why's he looking for him? Something bad happened. Not my place to say. A lot of drama, though. IMITATES STABBINGS AND GUNSHOTS It's a dangerous world, eh? His name is Michael Miller. My ex. MUSIC PLAYS # Standing now # Calling all the people here to see the show... PHONE RINGS Please leave your message after the tone. They told me you were out. Are you there? You leave me the fuck alone, do you hear me? # I believe # She won't take me somewhere I'm not supposed to be... # KNOCK ON DOOR DOOR OPENS Yeah? Michael Miller? Detective Sarah Weitzmann. I looked you up on our system. You've only been arrested twice! So? So, how'd you like to have that doubled, and then doubled again? In fact, how would you like to get arrested every night for a year? How would you like to get put in a holding cell with a 20-stone alcoholic ex-bouncer with anger management issues and a very loose sense of personal boundaries? What do you want? I want you to leave Rodney alone. Because if you don't, I will spend every ounce of my energy and use every resource at my disposal to destroy your life so comprehensively, so absolutely, that your name will become a by-word for, "Boy, he really shouldn't have fucked with her." Do you hear me, Michael? OK. OK. # You can't steal the things that God has given me # No more pain and no more shame and misery # You can't take me down # You can't break me down # You can't take me down # You can't take me down # You can't break me down... # POLICE SHOUT ORDERS HANDCUFFS CLICK CRASH FOOTSTEPS APPROACH FOOTSTEPS PAUSE Mrs Weitzmann, I can see why this may look strange, but... No stranger than anything else. Sad day when you'd rather hang around outside a sex worker's bedsit than go back to your own flat, isn't it? So, here's what I think. I think you know the man in the mugshot. I think you're looking for him. And I think he killed Saburo. His name is Yuto. He's my brother. You're close with your brother? We were. Long ago. When we were not fighting. What are you going to do, Mrs Weitzmann? Sarah. Sarah. What are you going to do about Yuto? If we find Yuto, he'll be arrested. And if you try to obstruct that, you'll be arrested too. And the fact that you know I'm his brother now? I don't know. THUMPING MUSIC PLAYS Did you sort out that thing I asked you to do? I'm handling it. Donna, did you sort it or not? I made it clear he wasn't welcome here. D'you know that shooting someone in the head is a very effective way of getting that point across? He's a cop. He's a tourist. Whether he's out of his jurisdiction or not, if you knock off a policeman, it's going to be a thing. If we have to do it, we have to do it. I'm just saying. Might be a better way. All right. Well, on your head be it. Hello, mate! What's happening? Yeah, sweet. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH DOOR OPENS Well, this is a mess. Sleeping in a hallway all night? There are names for people that do that. Coffee? Whilst I do not consider myself to be in any way in your debt - you will be paying for breakfast, FYI - I do, begrudgingly, acknowledge the fact that you stood guard outside my room, like a sad Alsatian - thank you. Are you going to continue in your line of work? What can I say? I've got a gift. Jesus didn't stop making furniture just cos the Romans beat him up. I think you should find a different job. Yeah, me too, but y'know. Bitch gotta make rent. You look like a fucking mess, by the way. You sure your brother's worth all this? He's my brother. Does he even want you to find him? No. But you're going to anyway. I have to. Oh, dear. Well, don't kill yourself in the process. Thank you. Here. Buy yourself a new door lock. Sure, no, that's definitely what I'm going to spend this on. Thank you. SPEAKS JAPANESE PHONE BUZZES I told you to leave. And I told you I have to find my brother. You have no idea. # I can't move # What the hell's the matter with you? # It won't work # No-one's gonna pick up the slack # Better quit crying # Run to the back # When I look into your eyes # There's no fear There's no life... # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 