Bajillion Dollar Propertie$: Season 3, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ 
 s3e2 - A Divided House - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ (2016–…): Season 3, Episode 2 - A Divided House - full transcript 
 The Bros are still feuding and their unprofessional behavior is driving Platinum crazy. Victoria sells to a group of track-suited women , while Dean spars with his publisher Gwentolyn ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪♪ Baxter: Yeah, we're still broken up. Get used to it, America. Andrew: I hate his stupid guts, but we're professionals, and we don't let it affect our work. Chelsea: Good morning, Andrew. Morning, Baxter. What's up? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Baxter: Morning. Hey, Chelsea. Andrew: Whoa, whoa, whoa -- Jesus. Christ. Could you give her a second to let me respond? She said my name first. She said, "Good morning, Andrew." -Chelsea: Oh, I was just -- -Andrew: No. I'm trying -- I will help you. I will help you out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Baxter: Let -- Did you just hush a woman? Andrew: No, I didn't hush. When you hush, you go "Shh!" Baxter: That's pretty typical of you. I will never hush you. Andrew: Don't put words in my mouth, don't put anything in my mouth. -Baxter: You said "Uh!" -Andrew: No, I didn't "Uh!" Chelsea: Andrew and Baxter post Diamond Dealmakers suck. Everybody tries to ignore them, but you can't. Andrew: You said -- Baxter: You always -- You always hush women. Andrew: Oh, really? Baxter's head is too big for his body, and he -- he bought a vitamin from China to try and shrink it! Baxter: I had too much potassium as a child... Andrew: Oh! Baxter: ...and it made my skull too large. Andrew: Oh, I had too many bananas! Baxter: Banana are good! Andrew: You have too many bananas? -Baxter: Yeah! -Andrew: You over banana'd! Chelsea: I mean, I got to hand it to Andrew. Not everyone can make the word "banana" sound bad. Andrew: He doesn't know the lyrics to "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star." -Baxter: Yes, I do! -Andrew: Sing it for 'em! Baxter: ♪ Twinkle, twinkle, little...♪ Andrew: Uh? Aw! -Baxter: Boy! -Andrew: It's "Star," you... -Baxter: Shit! Andrew: ...you fucking -- Don't you push me. Baxter: Ow! Andrew: That's what you deserve! Somebody open a window. Baxter: Don't throw me out of the window! Andrew: Somebody open a window! -Baxter: Ahh! Stop! -Andrew: [ Blows raspberry ] Baxter: Everything has changed. Sure, we still live together and work together, but everything's different now. Andrew: We no longer use the same toothbrush, and we don't have a working toilet because I sawed it in half. [ Both grunting ] -Chelsea: Hey, guys. -Andrew: Hey. Chelsea: What's up? I have your client, Bana, here. Baxter: Bana, how are you? Really good to see you. I love this jacket. Andrew: Nice to see you. That is nice. We -- Baxter: We were stretching. Andrew: We were just talking about you. You have a property, Calabasas, that we think you're gonna love. ♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Baxter: Bana fired us after she saw Andrew's chin on my nuts. But that is okay. We are on our way to meet another client, Leshley Archer, who will love the listing in Calabasas. Andrew: Since our split, we had to figure out a way to work together, and what we came up with is pretty genius. Baxter: Yes, so, Andrew's gonna show you the kitchen and the living room and half the back yard, and I will cover the other half of the back yard, every other bathroom, and then the shallow end of the pool, which I have jurisdiction over, and here it is. Isn't it amazing? Look at these steps. -Leshley: Ah, it's absolutely -- -Andrew: I am, uh -- Leshley: Exactly what I was looking for. Baxter: Good. Leshley: How much are we talking here? Andrew: Uh, price. Yes. The magic number -- 1... -Baxter: ...8... -Andrew: ...point... -Baxter: ...4... -Andrew: ...mil... Baxter: ...'lions. Leshley: I'm sorry? -Andrew: 1... -Baxter: ...8... -Andrew: ...point... -Baxter: ...4... -Andrew: ...mil... -Baxter: ...'lions. Leshley: $18.4 million? -Andrew: That is correct, yes. -Leshley: Okay. What's happening right now? What is this? Andrew: Uh, yeah. If I can be frank with you, uh, Baxter and I have been having some personal trouble, uh... -Leshley: Okay. Andrew: ...but you don't have to worry about that, because, professionally, we're still doing our job as team, and we're gonna show you this house. You will not even notice. -Baxter: Yep. Andrew: Uh, we've -- we've split things up. Leshley: I've noticed a few things. Andrew: You have noticed, but, on the other hand, have you noticed? -Leshley: Uh-huh. -Andrew: Okay. But has she, though? Leshley: Are they looking to sell quickly, or...? Baxter: Well, uh, I was gonna cover the wife's point of view, and you were gonna cover the husband's point of view. And she is not happy about selling the place. She wants to stay in it, actually, but... Andrew: He wants to sell very quickly. Baxter: Okay, real talk? We haven't made a sale since we broke up. But even realer talk? We are about to make this sale. Why don't I take your right arm to that upstairs bedroom so I can show you that final room. You still haven't seen it. Andrew: Okay, and after you're done with that, I can take your titties out to the back yard -- -Leshley: I'm sorry? -Andrew: Uh...not -- Baxter: I thought we were gonna split up her tits. -Leshley: Okay. -Andrew: No. We talked about this. Wait. I won -- We flipped a coin. Leshley: To split up my tits? Andrew: ...because you had very nice, uh, jammers. "Jammers" is what I call boobs, and also butts, sometimes dicks. Leshley: I mean, this is absolutely... -Andrew: Uh... -Leshley: ...disrespectful... Andrew: I apologize. I-- Leshley: ...and disgusting -- both of you. I heard you guys were excellent. Baxter: You heard right. We are excellent. Leshley: I'll see myself out, thank you. Baxter: You see what I'm dealing with here? Andrew blew it. Andrew: Way to lose a sale, Baxter. [ Blows raspberry ] [ Both grunting ] ♪♪♪ [ Groans ] ♪♪♪ Victoria: I am determined to get Dean to let me write the forward for his book, and I don't take "No" for an answer. Knowing you, this book is gonna be full of masculinity... Dean: Hmm. Victoria: ...fearless aggression, brute force. -Dean: Absolutely. -Victoria: Am I right? -Dean: Yes, you are. Victoria: I think you need a feminine touch. Dean: Oh! Well, who did you have in mind? Victoria: Me, Dean. Dean: Uh, you will be the person to find the woman who will write the -- Victoria: No, I will be the woman to write it to give the feminine touch. Dean: Really? Victoria: [ Chuckles ] Dean, of course. I mean, I'm the most feminine person you know. I'm like a... -Dean: That's -- Victoria: I'm like a girl's girl, you know? Like with the gal pals. Like, uh, girlie Fridays. Dean: Victoria, I don't mean this to sound insulting. Victoria: I hope it's not. Dean: But you sound like a creature from another dimension who wants to impersonate a human woman and has just sloppily gathered together some facts that they've heard about women. Victoria: Is he crazy? The only thing alien about me is my housekeeper, Swala. Dean: How many female friends do you have? Victoria: [ Scoffs ] Oh, God. I mean, I can't even -- I can't even count. -Dean: Well, name one. Victoria: Uh, there's -- there's Tina. Dean: What's Tina's last name? Victoria: And there -- Tina Linda. Dean: Is "Linda" her married name or her maiden name? Victoria: Her married name. -Dean: What's her maiden name? -Victoria: Teresa. Dean: And her parents -- Mr. and Mrs. Teresa... -Victoria: Yes. -Dean: ...were they upset that she abandoned the family name? Victoria: No, because, of course, the mother's name wasn't originally Teresa. -Dean: Of course not. -Victoria: No. Dean: What was her name -- her maiden name? -Victoria: Toni. -Dean: Toni. And what's her first name? Victoria: Uh... Uh, I think it's, um, Tinda? Dean: You understand that Tinda Toni Teresa sounds like a legendary mongoose who battled cobras? Victoria: Dean, I can't help what my friends' names are, okay? You just asked me if I had girlfriends. I named one. Dean: Name another. Victoria: Dean, I feel like we're getting off track. It's not my fault I don't have friends. Clearly, I intimidate all women, so what am I supposed to do? ♪♪♪ Andrew: I think I finally realized why our Calabasas showing went so poorly. Baxter: Andrew and I never got closure, and we need it to sell this house. Andrew: So we're having a closure ceremony. -Baxter: Attention, please. -Andrew: Everybody look. -Baxter: Attention. -Andrew: Listen up! Could everybody get off the phone?! -Baxter: Come here! -Andrew: Can we have a second? I'm sorry to raise my voice. -Victoria: Jesus. Andrew: Listen, as some of you know, uh, Baxter and I are no longer together, and, traditionally, at the ending of a relationship, you take items that the other one has given to you, and you return them to said person. Baxter: It's a sad errand. Andrew: Now, we have estimated that this should take no less than three to four hours. -Woman: What? -Andrew: So, let's get started. Glenn: If those two sweet angels can't make it, what chance do any of us have? Andrew: I want to start with this shaving cream. Uh, we got this on our first Halloween together. Halloween is, of course, a holiday. It's somewhere in October... -Amir: 31st. -Andrew: ...31st. When we went over to Victoria's house, and all over the right side of her house, we spent a couple hours drawing, uh, penises/wieners. -Victoria: Yeah. Andrew: Uh, a lot of you probably are thinking "That's stupid. Why would you do that?" -Chelsea: Yes. Victoria: We're all thinking that. Andrew: Thank you for that. That reminds me of a trip we took to Cancún. Baxter: I remember this. Andrew: It was for a spring break. I can't remember which season it's in, but it's one of the seasons where traditionally -- -Amir: It's spring. -Andrew: Yeah. Amir: The bros are such babies. Glenn and I used to be best friends, but we've moved on. I have, anyways. I bet he has, too. I don't know, 'cause he won't talk to me. Baxter: We took a cruise, we got off in Cancún, and we bought this shaving cream. Chelsea: Are they serious? These idiots are returning identical items to each other. Amir: This is what's gonna take them four goddamn hours? Can we wrap this up, please? Andrew: Yes. Uh, speaking of wrapping it up... Uh, it was Christmas. It was three years ago. What -- -Baxter: December 24th. -Andrew: Christmas is... -Amir: 25th. -Andrew: 25th. Um, so, as a joke, we put, uh -- We put rubbers on, and we ran around the house just doing this weird, like, song and dance. Glenn: What says "Christmas" better than two best friends singing silly songs... almost nude? [ Sobs ] Baxter: This reminds me of a lot of birthday parties we went to. -Andrew: Uh-huh. -Baxter: So, we blew up a bunch of condoms together, and we filled them with helium, and may we never bring flesh-colored balloons to a children's birthday party again. Andrew: Uh, well, we definitely won't do that, because we will never do anything together again. Victoria: You know, you may find it surprising that when you leave this, your boxes look exactly the same. Yeah. Andrew: Easter. Easter, one year ago. Easter is in... Both: It changes. Andrew: One year ago, on Easter, I asked if, instead of candy, we could do some sort of drug exchange, and we came up with the idea together to do pill roulette. Baxter: You're gonna give those back to me, really? Andrew: I'm gonna give these back. Baxter: You're gonna give me back... all those Vicodins? Well, I guess you can have yours back, too. Victoria: If I have to listen to this shit, I sure as hell don't have to be sober. Glenn: Why are you guys doing this? Don't you see? You've each gotten each other so many sweet gifts. You shouldn't be fighting like this. -Andrew: No, Glenn -- -Baxter: Glenn -- Glenn: Drink some water with that pill. Don't chew it raw. -Andrew: Don't -- -Baxter: Glenn -- Chelsea: He's right about that. You're gonna choke. Andrew: Glenn, we are not done! This is what happens. Baxter: Keep it. Amir: Maybe if I help them make up, Glenn will see that we can make up. ♪♪♪ Victoria: I'm showing a house in Studio City to my client, Nadine. But I'll admit, my mind is on Dean's forward. Maybe if I can get Nadine to be my female friend, he'll have to choose me to write it. So, then, through the corridor here, we enter the entertaining space. Woman: Oh, this is nice. Victoria: Yeah, I just love this. I mean, as you can see, eight doors that open up to the back yard. You've got an infinity pool, you've got views of the ocean, you know, and, as well, mountain views... -Woman: Yeah. Victoria: ...which, I just think, where else can you find that in -- Hello. -Woman #2: Hi. Can you black these windows out? Woman #1: That's what I'm wondering -- the privacy. Victoria: Together? I can be friends with two girls. That will impress Dean twice as much. You know, it's a great family home if you wanted to start... -Woman #1: Mm. -Victoria: ...to start a family. -Woman #2: We have a family. -Woman #1: We do. We're set. Victoria: Oh, really? How many of you...altogether? Woman #1: That's yet to be determined. -Victoria: Oh. [ Chuckles ] -Woman #2: Yeah. -Woman #3: Is there an attic? -Victoria: What? Woman #3: Is there an attic? How hard is it to get to? Victoria: Am I impressive or what? I set out to make one girlfriend, and now I have three. We could have someone come in here with sage. You know, kind of clear that out. Because, honestly, you want to -- This is a great entertaining space. And if -- Huh? Woman #4: Hi. I love the flow. Victoria: And then there were four! [ Laughter ] Tess, Missy, Aisha, and Nadine. Four new friends make a squad -- a king squad. I love these outfits. [ Chuckles ] -Woman #4: Thank you. -Woman #1: Do you want one? -Woman #3: You can have one. -Woman #4: Yeah, we have lots. -Woman #3: We'll give you one. Victoria: Um, you know... Woman #2: We have your size. Victoria: [ Chuckles ] Extra-extra small? Woman #3: Your hair would look nice in a ponytail. Victoria: Thank you. -Woman #4: You're beautiful. -Victoria: Thank you. I've never been around this many women who weren't chasing me for what I did to their husbands. So, it's a 30-day escrow. Woman #4: No. It has to be 12 days. Woman #1: We need to be in the house in 12 days. Victoria: You know, 30 days is pretty standard. I'm -- -Woman #4: No. -Victoria: I might be able to -- Women: No. -Victoria: How about two weeks? -Women: No! -Woman #3: What did we just say? -Woman #4: Try again. -Woman #1: Why don't you listen? -Victoria: Well, I'm listening. I'm just trying to offer something... Woman #4: You're doing a great job. Just try another guess, a different number...that's 12. -Victoria: 12? -Woman #4: 12! -Woman #2: 12. Great. Woman #4: That's what we were thinking. Woman #1: That's what we like -- We like 12. Victoria: I got it. I'm the best. I sold the house, I got the girlfriends, and now I'm going to write the forward for Dean's book. ♪♪♪ Dean: And now I must attend a very important meeting at the home of my friend and book editor, Gwentolyn Swanson. Gwentolyn: Sorry, just let me refill. Dr. Bermom's got me on that wine cleanse. -Dean: Terry? Oh! -Gwentolyn: Mm-hmm! Have you heard of it? Dean: I've heard of the wine cleanse. You know, two years ago, he cleared up my tennis elbow. He injected me with trichinosis. Gwentolyn: I trust him with my life. I've done all of them. I did the paper cleanse... -Dean: Mm-hmm. Gwentolyn: ...the tear cleanse. I have scratches on the inside of my body, I'm told, from the demon cleanse, but... Dean: But that's on the inside. Gwentolyn: My jeans fit, you know what I mean? Mmm! Dean: He's a miracle worker. Gwentolyn: Speaking of fitting something big into something smaller... -Dean: Yes! Gwentolyn: ...I am loving what you're doing -- brilliant. -Dean: Thank you. -Gwentolyn: You're welcome. -Dean: You understand it. -Gwentolyn: I absolutely do. But I have to put my big, bad editor cap on. [ Clicks tongue ] [ British accent ] Hello. How ya doing? -Dean: Hello. -Gwentolyn: She's British. Uh, we've got to shorten this. Dean: T-Take the hat off for a second. Gwentolyn: [ Normal voice ] Yeah? Dean: When you say "shorten," you mean -- you mean, um, use a different size paper? Gwentolyn: Hmm. Uh, that's an interesting way to interpret that. No. Uh, this is three chapters? -Dean: Yes. -Gwentolyn: Right. We just want to get to the meat. Dean: Ooh. Oof. First of all -- Gwentolyn: No, honey, stay with me. This is -- we can do this very easily. I think -- I-I've got a couple easy ones for you. For example, this right here is -- These are the thank-yous. -Dean: Yes. Gwentolyn: That's a little too many. This -- This is -- Dean: People will be furious if they're left out. Gwentolyn: I'm not quite sure -- Dean: I'll never hear the end of it. Gwentolyn: Not the dead people, and there's several. Dean: You don't have to meet them in the next world. Gwentolyn: There is, what -- and I mean... then you just did "Battle Hymn of the Republic." You just put the whole thing in. Dean: ♪ Glory, glory, hallelujah ♪ ♪ Glory, glory, hallelujah ♪ It has to remain! And you need every "Glory, glory, hallelujah," because otherwise you lose the thread of the song. Don't you think, if I take anything out, the reader will think, "I'm not getting the full story here. He's hiding something." Gwentolyn: I don't think that. Dean: Well, put yourself in the mind of the reader reading the book. Gwentolyn: I-I -- If I saw the book, which would be, uh, in an airplane hangar, because that's the only place that could house it, I wouldn't have gone to that weird-ass book sale, wherever that is. I wouldn't have gone in the first place. So, the reader that you're talking about does not exist. Dean: Well, that's an excellent idea -- Only sell the book to people who own private airplane hangars. Gwentolyn: [ Sighs ] You know I love you. But this my job... -Dean: I take you at your word. Gwentolyn: ...to cut down. Less is more. Dean: Now, you say that, and yet, look at the amount of bracelets. Physician, heal thyself. -Gwentolyn: [ Scoffs ] Please. Dean: Gwentolyn, thank you for taking the time to meet with me. I appreciate your counsel, and I promise you that I will pretend to take under advisement everything that you've said here today. Now, I have to go because I have a meeting with a special team of scientists who are going to make me my own ink for the publication of the book. Gwentolyn: I have many thoughts about what you just said. -Dean: Do you? -Gwentolyn: Mm-hmm. Dean: Why don't you write them all down? You'll find that writing is fun. ♪♪♪ Victoria: I'm meeting my clients/squad at the Studio City house to have them sign the closing paperwork. Okay, so, I have all the paperwork here. Appraisal report's in the back. You just need to sign and initial at the bottom of each page, and we have a deal. [ Chuckles ] Woman #4: Great. I have one quick question. Victoria: Absolutely, anything. Woman #4: What if we put another line on here, and you signed, too? -Victoria: [ Chuckles ] Woman #4: Crazy, I know, but you could live with us. I don't know -- just -- I'm just pitch-balling. Victoria: Oh, I have a beautiful house. I -- I love where I live. But I will visit, I promise. Woman #2: But there's room for you. Woman #3: There's plenty of room. Victoria: Well, you bought a huge house, so good for you, ladies. Woman #4: We're gonna have 50 beds. Woman #1: And the floor. Woman #3: I'll be sleeping on the floor. Woman #1: I'll be sleeping on the floor. Victoria: I'm getting this. I got you. This is, uh, you know, like on "20/20." Woman #3: What? A what? -Victoria: It's a cult. -Woman #3: It's a what? Excuse you? A what? Woman #1: 'Cause there'd be a cunt? Victoria: No. No! Oh, God, no. I'm so-- This is a cult. You guys are in a cult. Woman #3: Did you call me a little baby horse?! Woman #4: Oh, a cult. We're not a cult. Victoria: I-I'm -- I didn't mean to offend anyone. I'm just saying, I -- I get it. You're in a cult. -Woman #1: We are. Woman #4: It's just girlfriends. We just have a lot in common. Woman #3: We are four girlfriends. Woman #1: Soon to be five. -Victoria: Oh. -Woman #4: We like you. -Woman #3: We like you a lot. -Woman #2: A lot. Victoria: I always say anything for a sale, and Dean seems to think me having girlfriends is very important, so, yeah, what the hell, I'm in. So, we'll just get your final signature here, and we're done! We have a house. -Woman #4: Yay! Victoria: Go us girls. Go girls. Go girls in our house. [ Chuckles ] -Woman #2: Girls. -Victoria: Yeah. Woman #3: I know. Let's celebrate. Victoria: Ooh! I like a little celebrating. -Woman #3: With Kool-Aid. -Woman #1: Wonderful beverage. [ All exclaiming ] Woman #4: Yes, my favorite. Victoria: I will only drink enough poison to lose some weight, then I'm out. ♪♪♪ Amir: Glenn was very upset by the bros' breakup. I need to patch up the bros' friendship so that Glenn can see that reconciliation is possible for us, too. Baxter: Come on over here, guys. Andrew: Come on over if you want some champagne. Baxter: You got a problem with drinking, head on over there. Andrew: Or if you got a problem with your carb control, stay over here and have six or seven buns, right? Baxter: Hey, we all love a little bit of carbs. Andrew: If you'd like to take a seat, come over here. -Baxter: That's not true. Amir: Cash buyers coming through. -Andrew: Oh! -Amir: Cash buyers coming -- Baxter: I've never been so happy to see Amir. Andrew is being such a dummy! -Andrew: No, no, no, no, no, no! -Baxter: No, no, no, no, no, no! Those are chairs. Those are on Andrew's side. -Andrew: Those are mine. -Baxter: I don't need chairs. I just need tables. -Amir: Put 'em over here? Andrew: Well, they're welcome to sit over here. Amir: What is this tape? Andrew: That is to separate the open house. This is my half of the open house, this is Baxter's half. He stays on his side, I stay on my side. Baxter: This is the Berlin Wall, and -- and we got Russia over here, and we got the Nazis over here, so why don't you guys come over here to the good side. Amir: Okay, you're not Nazis. You are not Nazis. Okay, I've had enough of this. Guys, I came here to try to bring you together, because you are way less annoying together than you are apart. Andrew: Oh, we are annoying?! [ High-pitched voice ] Are we annoying Amir? Are we annoying? [ Normal voice ] Shut up! Baxter: Oh, Amir, you just crossed the line, bro. You're barely together. You're falling apart. Look at you. [ Both snicker ] [ Laughs ] I got him good. Andrew: I have to admit, that was a home-run burn, Baxter. I still hate you, but good one. You fucking fatso. Baxter: Is Amir a peanut? Because he just got roasted. Amir: Okay, fine, I'll take one for the team -- as long as the team is me and Glenn. Andrew: Bro, I got a million of 'em, all classics, all fat jokes. Look at you! Look at you. -Baxter: Give this up. -Both: Oh! Oh! Andrew: "What happened? I'm a boy. Why do I have these, Mommy?" You're a fat asshole, and you get your head so far up your own ass that you don't even realize that we can handle this. Baxter: Yeah, you got no idea. Amir: Okay, it's starting to hurt a little. Also, again, totally not fat. I wear a boy's petite. Both: ♪ You so fat, you so fat, you so fat ♪ [ Both vocalizing ] -Baxter: This is good. -Andrew: Ah! Baxter: This is good. -Andrew: Oww! -Baxter: O-w-w-w! -Andrew: Guess what? We back! -Baxter: We back, baby. -Andrew: We back! -Baxter: We're back! -Amir: All right! -Andrew: Yeah? -Amir: Okay. -Baxter: This is making me -- this is making me forget about why we even fought in the first place, the Diamond Dealmakers. [ Record scratches ] [ Suspenseful music plays ] Andrew: What? What did you say? Baxter: This is making me forget that I... -Amir: No. No, I'm so fat. -Baxter: ...screwed you over at the Diamond Dealmakers. Andrew: Why would you bring that up? Baxter: 'Cause it's why we started fighting -- at the Diamond Dealmakers, and I fucked you over. Andrew: I'm done. And just when I'm starting to forget about it. I'm out of here. -Baxter: N-- Andrew: I'm out. Don't come after me. Nobody try to grab me. No -- Don't worry, I'm out of here, I'm pissed off, and I'm mad. Don't come after me and try to fix things. Amir: Go get him. ♪♪♪ -Baxter: Hey. -Andrew: Stop. -Baxter: Hey. -Andrew: Don't come after me. Don't. -Baxter: Hey. -Andrew: Hi. -Baxter: Hey. -Andrew: Hey. Don't -- -Baxter: Hey. Hey. Enough talking. There's only one way to save this relationship. [ Upbeat music playing ] Woman: ♪ Remember ♪ Amir: Where's the music coming from? Man: [ Rapping ] ♪ I will never let you go ♪ ♪ The faces are changed ♪ ♪ I'll be writing with my hope in your gaze ♪ ♪ To turning the page, even our emotion's unfazed ♪ Baxter: This is the first dance Andrew and I ever made up together. Man: ♪ Boy, am I a man when I'm holding your hand ♪ ♪ But that's because I ain't understand ♪ ♪ The power, the glory, the way that you're rewritin' my story ♪ ♪ And despite all my faults, I can see you enjoy ♪ ♪ That's what it is, who knew that I would turn into this? ♪ ♪ My heart...♪ Amir: They really nailed that lift. Man: ♪ And I had to write these words ♪ ♪ 'Cause I want you to know that ♪ Woman: ♪ Remember ♪ Baxter: I'm so sorry, Andrew! Andrew: No, I'm sorry, Baxy. Both: Let's never fight again. Best friends forever. -Baxter: Ah, ah, oh. -Andrew: Unh, unh, unh. Baxter: I'm close. Andrew: Wait for me. Whoo! -Baxter: Whoo! -Man: ♪ No, no, no ♪ -Woman: ♪ Remember ♪ Amir: Yes! The bros are back together! Which means that me and Glenn can get back together. Glenn: Hard pass. ♪♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 