Bajillion Dollar Propertie$: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ 
 s2e2 - Farsi Lessons - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Farsi Lessons - full transcript 
 Amir leads Victoria into an embarrassing trap, the Bros meet an even more obnoxious bro who's looking for the ultimate sex pad, while rival brokers Serge and Gio decide to get rough with Glenn. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Baxter: We're meeting a new client this morning named Ricky. He was paralyzed in a roller coaster accident. Andrew: So sad. -Ricky: It's Ric-ky-y-y. ♪ R-I-C, K-Y ♪ Comin' at ya at 5 miles per hour, motherfuckers. Baxter: Oh. Oh, yeah. -Andrew: Dude. Ricky: Whoo-oo! Ooooooo! -Baxter: Oh, whoa. You okay? Ricky: What's happening? -Baxter: Nice. Ricky: Yeah, I don't shake. -Baxter: Nice. How are you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ricky: Just slap, man. -Baxter: Us, neither, man. Man, we're slap-men, too. All right! Andrew: And, by the way, uh, just sorry about the -- the accident. Ricky: Sorry? -Andrew: You know, I've never had an accident like this or been paralyzed, but I know if -- if it ever happened to me, I'd probably kill myself. Baxter: Yeah, we -- we have an agreement: if it happens to him, I'll kill him. Ricky: You should be saying congrats on that accident, man. I'm makin' mad bank here. You know, I got a settlement. What do you think's buying this house? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I mean, I don't want to say it's the best thing that's happened -- no, this is the best thing that's happened. Baxter: Really? -Ricky: Lots of cash. I get lots of pity fucks. [Laughter] Baxter: Yeah. -Ricky: But, yeah, when I got into that accident, it was crazy, you know. Have y'all heard of West Coasters? Baxter: Oh, yeah, the theme park? Ricky: Roller coaster park, yeah, yeah. ♪ Roller coasters ♪ -All: ♪ All abound ♪ ♪ Roller coasters all abound ♪ Ricky: Yeah, I used to work there. Baxter: Oh, nice. -Ricky: And I did this thing, it was like sort of a tradition. I would get close to the coaster and I put out my hand for five. You guys know I love fives. Baxter: Yeah, dude. -Andrew: Love fives. Ricky: I got clipped. -Baxter: Holy -- Ricky: Got clipped by one of the roller coasters. It took my spine right out of my body. Andrew: Took the bone right but of the drumstick. Ricky: Hrooooop! -Andrew: Can you feel? Ricky: Nope. -Andrew: Feel anywhere? Baxter: That's the thing. No. -Ricky: No. Baxter: You can't. Don't ask. -Andrew: But even in the...? I'm curious. [Melancholy tune plays] Ricky: When I got into the accident, you know, the doctors told me, you know, that I wouldn't be feelin' anything below my waist -- Andrew: I'm sorry. -Ricky: And, um, I said, you know, "Doctor, can I still use my doink?" Andrew: Yeah. -Ricky: Said, "Just -- [gulp] [tearfully] Just tell me I can use my doink." [ Suspenseful music plays ] And I can use my doink. -Andrew: Nice! ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Glenn: In the beginning, did all the brokers respect me? No. Chelsea: I don't like need like a janitor or a wetnurse or whatever you are, okay? And I want you to get the fuck out of my office. Glenn: But now that I'm partner, all the brokers still don't respect me. As your boss, I ask you -- -Victoria: Well, not my boss. I mean, just a partner. -Glenn: I'm a partner. As your boss, I'm asking you to get back to work. Victoria: Okay, and I am telling you that I'm gonna get back to work because I want to. Glenn: I need Dean to tell me what my actual job is. Dean: Well, if there's one left, that means they're not extinct. Just get it done. Glenn: Hi, Dean? -Dean: Glenn, please, come in. Glenn: Oh, Wonderful. Okay. Dean: How may I help you today? Glenn: Well, Dean, um, I was wondering if we could talk about what my promotion means. -Dean: Hmm. Glenn: As one of the fellow brokers, now I know I list properties, I try to close on them as quickly as possible, for the highest asking price. Dean: That's right. Glenn: But, specifically, as partner, as your partner, I was wondering what that entails. [Whimsical tune plays] Dean: Well, that would entail, uh, uh, listing properties, as you said, and then, um, uh, closing the sale at the highest possible price. That clear it up for you? -Glenn: Right, right. But I'm having trouble. How do I manifest my power? Dean: Glenn, that's a very serious question. Glenn: Yes. -Dean: This is a question powerful men all must ask themselves at some point. "How do I manifest my power?" -Glenn: Yes. Dean: Have you figured it out? [Eerie music plays] Glenn: I have assumptions. -Dean: Mmm. Share with me your assumptions. Glenn: I want to crush smaller people. Dean: This is a good start. -Glenn: Good? Dean: Yes. -Glenn: So can I demote someone, can I fire someone? Can I move their offices? -Dean: Not as such. Glenn: Can I dress someone? -Dean: You mean put them in clothing? -Glenn: Yes. Dean: Tell them what to wear? -Glenn: Yes. Dean: Physically put the clothing on them? Glenn: I don't know. If they can't do that themselves or if they refuse, then, yeah, maybe. Dean: I think that we get into a human resources issue where that's not a good idea. Glenn: Can I then fire the human resources person, if they side against me? Dean: Ooh, even I can't do that. -Glenn: What? Dean: This is -- that's tricky. -Glenn: Really? Dean: To fire human resources people, it's a human resources nightmare. Glenn: Right. But how do I exert the new power that I have over my subordinates? Dean: You're already doing it! -Glenn: How? Dean: You don't even realize how you're doing it. Glenn: No, I -- tell me. Dean: Well, that's part of the magic of being a partner. Glenn: I want to understand the magic. Dean: In the days of King Arthur -- Glenn: Yes. -Dean: When a man would become a knight. -Glenn: Yes. Dean: Well, he had to slay a dragon. Glenn: Yeah. -Dean: He had to exemplify great valor in the field of battle. Glenn: Yes. -Dean: Things like that. You see what I'm saying? -Glenn: No. Dean: What's the modern-day equivalent of a dragon? Glenn: You mean the most difficult thing to slay? Dean: Let's say that. -Glenn: Tall women? Dean: Let's not talk about murdering women. Glenn: No, I meant sexual conquest. Dean: Are you under the impression that the ancient knights were having sex with these dragons? Glenn: After they slayed them? Yes. Dean: That's not part of the Arthurian legend, as I understand it. -Glenn: Well, there are many different takes on it. -Dean: Glenn, I couldn't be happier that you're a partner and you are adjusting very well to all of your myriad responsibilities. Glenn: Okay, well, give me more responsibilities as partner. -Dean: Mmm. I'm glad you said that. -Glenn: Wonderful. Dean: Here's something you can do for me. Glenn: Great. -Dean: And only a partner can do this. -Glenn: Really? Dean: There are pigeons that are roosting just below the balcony here, making an awful racket. So if you could shoo them away. Glenn: And that's something that you won't let other brokers do? Dean: Oh, heavens no. -Glenn: Only a partner can do it? -Dean: Only Glenn. Glenn: Dean, they shall rue the day the cooed behind you. Dean: There he goes. Get me an outside line. Yes, I'm sorry. Here's the thing. In order for it to be stuffed and mounted and properly displayed, it has to have just a ferocious look on its face. ♪♪ Man: Eh, okay, I have one Number 3 with extra pickle. -Victoria: Thank you. You look like you speak Farsi. -Man: Yeah, I do. Victoria: Of course you do; look at you. Middle Eastern clients are a huge part of L.A. real estate, so, I've been using a language app to teach myself Farsi. I would love to try out some of the stuff I've learned on you. Do you mind? [Whimsical tune plays] Man: No, not at all. Victoria: Once I'm fluent, I'll be unstoppable. and a lock to win Best Broker at the Diamond Dealmakers. Amir: Victoria thinks she downloaded Rosetta Stone's Farsi language lessons, but what she actually downloaded is Amir Yaghoob's Screw You, Victoria, Farsi language lessons. [ Laughs ] Mm. Man: You know I'm just a delivery guy, right? Victoria: Right. [ Victoria chuckles ] Okay. [Laughs] [Whimsical tune concludes] ♪♪ Baxter: Despite his accident, we actually have a lot in common with Ricky. Andrew: Turns out that bros in wheelchairs can be just as cool as regular bros. You're effin' rad. I love this. -Ricky: You guys are effin' rad. Baxter: Yeah, you're pretty sick, dude. This house is for you. 6 bedrooms, 8,000 square feet. Andrew: 8,000 squaresies. -Ricky: Now, I just want to make sure, whatever you show me, guys, [Whimsical tune plays] opens the legs. Andrew: For pussy? -Ricky: Pussy. You know what's in between these things? Andrew: Either a dick or -- -Ricky: Puss -- yeah, well. Baxter: Either a dick or a pussy. Ricky: Either a dick or a puss. I like pussy. -Baxter: Pussy, all right. Andrew: "I'll pass on the dick." Ricky: Yeah, yeah, yeah. -Andrew: That's you. Ricky: I got a buffet table in front of me, it's like "Yeah, dick, dick, dick. Oh, pussy? Okay, sure." [laughs] Baxter: Yeah. Well, this is the house for you. -Andrew: Yeah. ♪♪ Ricky: Let's check out this pussy palace, huh? Baxter: Yeah, pussy! -Ricky: And I am the king. Baxter: Make way for the pussy king. Ricky: Make way for King Pussy-y-y. [Laughter] Baxter: Whoo! [ Ricky continues laughing ] ♪♪ Victoria: They say immersion is the way to go when learning a new language. Finally, I have a real, live Farsi-speaking client, and I'm going to blow his mind. So over here, we have the back garden. Which is quite cozy, but private -- which is what you're looking for, right? Man: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, yeah. Victoria: I would say it's a very nice bog. Man: Bog? -Victoria: Yeah. Man: Garden. Victoria: Right. -Man: Farsi, oh. Victoria: I speak a little, yeah. Man: Hmm. We can just speak English; it's fine. Victoria: No! Why? Let's speak our language. Man: Do you really know how to speak Farsi? Victoria: Do you know how to speak Farsi? [Ominous chord strikes] Give me a minute! [ Laughs ] Man: What do you think you're saying? Victoria: "The school district here is very desirable." Man: That's not what you're saying. Victoria: Shit! -Man: Mm-hmm. Where are you learning your Farsi? Victoria: It's Rosetta Stone. Here, listen. [ Amir speaking Farsi ] Victoria: Right? -Man: Kinda dirty. Victoria: This isn't Rosetta Stone? Man: Lotta cussing. -Victoria: What? Victoria: Amir. -Man: Amir? Man: Who's Amir? ♪♪ Baxter: We've been showing our client, Ricky, this house, and it seems like he has a one-track mind. Andrew: Yeah, I mean, I love talking about pussy, but even I think this is too much. Baxter: So you could really do anything with this room. Ricky: Yeah. -Baxter: This couch, you know, can come with it. Ricky: Yeah, I could come with it, too. Just a play on words. -Baxter: Yeah. Ricky: This wall over here, is it a loadbearing wall? And by load, I mean my load. Baxter: Can you...? -Ricky: Can it bear my load? [Laughs] -Baxter: Can you come on the wall? Ricky: Yeah, that's I guess what I'm saying. Andrew: If you wanted to, yes. -Baxter: Yeah, of course. Andrew: You could come on the wall. You can come on any of these walls. Ricky: Righteous. That's good. And this is zoned for poon? Baxter: I don't think that's a thing. Andrew: You know what? It's zoned for poon. Baxter: Yeah, it's zoned for poon. Ricky: Yeah! All right. I know this is kind of a weird question, but, um, it's kind of hard for me to get up onto the couch. Andrew: Yeah. -Baxter: Oh, yeah. Ricky: And I just sort of want to road test it. Baxter: You want us to put you on the couch? Yeah. Ricky: Could you, man? -Baxter: Sure. Andrew: Yeah. -Baxter: Oh, yeah, no problem. Ricky: I'll tell ya: if I like this couch, I'm takin' this place. -Baxter: Really? Andrew: Hey, you're gonna like the couch. Baxter: Let's get you on it. -Ricky: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A little top-heavy, here, boys. Andrew: Let's get him up. -Baxter: No problem. Ricky: Ah. -Andrew: How's that feel? Ricky: Well, uh. You imagine me doing it this style? Baxter: Oh, you want to pretend like you're having sex? Ricky: I just -- I can imagine me being here, Bergeron being there. Baxter: Oh! -Andrew: Tom Bergeron? Ricky: We're buddies. -Andrew: Oh, cool. This little lady wants to see how you'd feel. Ricky: Oh, yeah. Make this -Andrew: So spread those legs. Ricky: a little lady. These are the legs, [Sultry music plays] so I guess they'd kind of be wrapped around me like that. -Andrew: Yeah. Ricky: Bro? -Andrew: Yeah. Ricky: Can you lift my butt up and down? [Ominous chord strikes] [Sultry music continues] Andrew: Yes, I can. Ricky: Bergeron would do it for me. Andrew: Well, so will your buddy Andrew. Baxter: Do you want me to be Bergeron? Andrew: There you go. -Ricky: Yeah. Ah, dude, I go five pumps, at least. -Baxter: Let's hurry up; Ricky: Minimum. -Baxter: I gotta go back to the taping of "Dancing with the Stars." Ricky: 2, 3, 4. Hey, where'd that burrito go? Andrew: You're gonna eat while we're...? Ricky: Can you guys be quiet?! Do you think, when I'm havin' sex, you guys are gonna be talkin'? I'm likin' this. I could see this. Andrew: You know, I don't know if it'd matter to you, but it's also a really great school district. Ricky: Usually, I eat a burrito when I'm done. And then, I usually got some music playing. Can you give me some sort of beat? [Baxter beatboxes] -Ricky: Mm-hmm. [ Andrew joins in ] Ricky: Now, because of my condition, it usually takes about four hours [Eerie music plays] for me to get the job done, so. [Ominous chord strikes] Andrew: You said five pumps, earlier. Ricky: Minimum! Another bite. Baxter: Okay. Ricky: Oh, yeah. Oh! Guys, I am genuinely blessed. Thank you, Sidewinder! Baxter: Whoo! -Ricky: Thank you for making my dreams come true, of eating a burrito and humpin' two pillows that are standing in for a woman's legs. Andrew: Are you close? Ricky: I. am. not. close! King Pussy! Andrew: [dully] King Pussy. Baxter: King Pussy! Ricky: Mm. Mm. ♪♪ Glenn: Unfortunately, my talk with Dean made me even more confused about the partnership than I already was. But I can't focus on that right now because I'm about to show my first house in Beverly Hills. ♪♪ [ Sinister music plays ] Serge: Hi! -Glenn: Hi. Serge: Hi. How's it going? -Glenn: Hi. I'm Glenn. -Serge: Oh, we know. Gio: Hi. -Glenn: Hi, nice to meet you. Serge: We're not Realtors. -Glenn: No? Serge: No. -Glenn: Oh, great. Gio: We're here at your open house because we're a couple of gay guys. -Serge: Couple of gays guys, just looking around. -Glenn: Are you gay guys that are a couple? -Serge: Yeah. Glenn: So you sleep together? -Serge: That's right. Gio: Yeah, that's right. -Glenn: Oh, okay. Serge: You can do that now. -Glenn: So who's on the second floor, if you know what I mean? -Gio: I don't. Glenn: Who's -- who's on top? -Gio: Of the house? Glenn: Yeah. -Serge: Santa. Tell us about Dean Rosedragon, huh? Glenn: Oh, well, Dean's my mentor. Serge: We don't know. -Gio: Yeah, we don't know anything about him. -Serge: We don't know him. Gio: Let us tell you a story about Dean. Serge: [whispering] We can tell you about him. Glenn: I thought you didn't know Dean. Serge: Oh, we know him. -Gio: No, this is a charade. We are not a couple of gay guys. -Glenn: Charade? [shuh-raid] Serge: We're not a couple of gay guys looking for a house. Glenn: Oh, no, you guys are gay. Look at your jackets and your tie. And you probably paid too much for this. It's a little... ostentatious, so. [Sinister music plays] Which is nice, you know, if you're gay. -Serge: It's all a charade. Gio: We're playacting, a charade. Now we pull the wool from out of your eyes. We are actually in the real estate business. Glenn: Oh. -Serge: You know us. Glenn: I know you; you're flamboyant gay men. Serge: Okay, but we also happen to own a company called Infinity. Let us tell you how we know Dean. He will not tell you the truth, boy. The man you know as Dean Rosedragon -- Glenn: Yes, my mentor. -Serge: Was our partner. [Eerie music plays] Gio: Our friend. Serge: We drank blood together. -Glenn: Oh, my God. Gio: We were trippin' balls. We make a blood pact. Serge: We make a blood pact. -Gio: That the three of us would form an empire, a real estate empire. And the last one alive would inherit the whole shebang. Serge: Do you know what is blood pact? Glenn: You -- you drink each other's blood. Serge: Yes. -Gio: Yes. Glenn: Ohhhhh. -Gio: He was our partner and he betrayed us. -Serge: Betrayed us. Glenn: Oh, Dean wouldn't do that. [ Laughter ] Serge: Dean would not do that, huh? Glenn: No, he would not. -Serge: Dean Rosedragon would not betray someone? Ha ha. Look here, my friend. -Glenn: Oh, my God. Serge: Just hold it. -Gio: Take this. Serge: Hold the gun. -Glenn: I don't want -- Serge: Just hold it. -Glenn: Okay. Serge: Feel it. How does it feel? Glenn: It's heavy. -Serge: How do it make you feel? Glenn: Scared. -Serge: But emotionally, how does that feel? -Glenn: Strong. Serge: Strong, powerful. [ Laconic tune plays ] Now your prints are on there, yeah? You understand that? -Glenn: Yeah, I just held it. Serge: That's our gift for you and it already has your fingerprints; that's crazy. Gio: That's crazy. That's crazy, that that gun has -- Serge: What if something happened to Dean? What if something happened? It would so easy: boom. It would just be so easy! Gio: The great thing about killing Dean is you don't even have to do it because the fingerprints are already on the gun. Glenn: Well, I'm not going to do it, so why don't you guys keep the gun, 'cause my prints are on it. Serge: Okay, your prints are on it, so whether you do it or don't do it, it look like you do it. Gio: You kill Dean or we kill you. Glenn: Oh, I'm not going to kill Dean. [Suspenseful music climbs] Gio: Then we kill you. Glenn: Wow, you -- no, I would like to not be killed. Serge: You know what's amazing about the Komodo dragon? It's not poisonous. -Glenn: What? Serge: It's the infection. -Gio: The teeth are dirty. Serge: The teeth are -- He no floss. He don't floss his teeth. [Eerie music plays] Glenn: Okay. -Serge: So he bite you, you die. But it's not poison. You see what I'm saying? Glenn: I really do not. -Gio: Three takeaways. Three takeaways. -Serge: Three takeaways. Gio: Dean? Evil, no good. -Serge: Yeah. Gio: You kill him. -Serge: You kill him. Gio: Komodo dragon, not poisonous. Serge: Not poisonous, just will kill you, hmm? [Ominous chord strikes] What are you gonna do? Glenn: Gonna sell this house to you, nice gay couple. Serge: You kill Dean Rosedragon, or we kill you, hmm? [ Glass breaks ] [Sinister music plays] Hmm? [ Crunch, spits ] Gio: I tell him not to do that. Now we gotta go get stitches. -Serge: I gotta get stitches. [ Ominous chord strikes ] Gio: Stay out of Beverly Hills. Glenn: Who were those guys?! Why are they asking me to kill for them?! And are they gay, or not?! ♪♪ Andrew: We were at that couch until Ricky finished his burrito. Baxter: We have to close this sale, now. Andrew: Look at that sunlight coming through. Ricky: Beautiful. It's like a painting. -Andrew: Yeah. Ricky: It's like a beautiful painting I just wanna jizz on. Andrew: That's sort of true. -Ricky: Yeah. Baxter: Pretty grand entryway here. Ricky: Yeah! Kind of looks like a uterus, huh? Baxter: What? -Ricky: Right? You got the two ovaries here, -Andrew: No. Ricky: Sort of a -- -Andrew: It's a staircase. Baxter: Yeah. Any other questions about it? Ricky: Well, guys, you know, -Andrew: Stairway. Ricky: as long as this place can hold shitloads of dank and p-p-p-p-p-p-puss -- -Baxter: Stop it. Andrew: Stop it, man. Hey, listen -- Ricky: If I could find a nug of weed that looked like a vagina, -Andrew: Stop! Ricky: that'd be my dream. -Andrew: It's all of our dreams, but stop it for one second, please! Can I talk to you for one second? [Eerie music plays] Ricky: What? Baxter: Quit with the pussy stuff. Andrew: Just for a little bit. Ricky: Bros, come on. When we met out there, we bro-bonded. Andrew: And that's why I'm saying this to you, 'cause I think you deserve more. I think you deserve a house [Poignant tune plays] where you can have a life and not just pussy, not just gettin' high. You know what's in here? -Ricky: Hmm? Andrew: A heart. You know what fills up a heart? 'Cause it's not pussy and it's not weed and it's not burritos. Ricky: Blood? Baxter: Yeah, but you know what fills up a metaphorical heart, like? -Ricky: Love. Andrew: [whispering] Thank you. -Ricky: But, I mean, look at you guys, you got cool suit coats. I'm never gonna find a -- a Queen Pussy. Andrew: Do me a favor. Imagine, coming through those doors, is the love of your life. -Ricky: Samantha. Baxter: Samantha? -Andrew: Samantha. Baxter: Perfect. Ricky: I don't know a girl named Samantha, but I always imagined my bride to have the name Samantha. Baxter: Yeah, this is her. Andrew: Honey, it's me, Sam-antha. I'm home. I brought all our tacos and burritos. -[Ricky gasps] Andrew: Extra cheese and extra guac. Ricky: [whispering] She knows what I like! Andrew: I brought a couple of Js for us to smoke. Ricky: She's a dream woman. -Andrew: I love you. Can I give you a massage in the bedroom, maybe take off your pants and massage your dead legs, too? Ricky: You know that I call them dead legs. Andrew: [whispering] Everybody calls them dead legs. Ricky: Cool. -Andrew: I love you. Ricky: I love you, too, Samantha. Andrew: Remember that, because you can have all that. Ricky: You guys are right. There's been a hole in my life. [Poignant tune continues] [crying] I just want love. Andrew: You can have love, and it starts by loving yourself and giving yourself a home like this, where you can respect yourself on a daily basis. Baxter: This home is part of the deal. Ricky: I-I-- [hoarsely] I'm -- I'm a virgin. Andrew: Hey. Chin up. Dick hard. You'll get there. Ricky: Yeah. Yeah, you know what? King Pussy's dead! -Baxter: Yeah. Ricky: King Heart lives on! Baxter: Yeah! -Andrew: Viva King Heart! Baxter: King Heart! -Ricky: I'm gonna take it! Baxter: Yeah! -Ricky: Gonna take this house! Andrew: Yeah-eah-eah! -Ricky: Whoo-oo-oo-oo-oo! [Poignant tune continues] Hoo! Hoo! [laughs] Ah! Ah! Ooh! Ooh! [ Poignant tune continues ] Andrew: I guess Ricky was faking everything the whole time? Baxter: He didn't fake everything. He came on that couch. -Andrew: Oh, yeah. ♪♪ Victoria: Oh, Amir? -Amir: Yeah. [ Whimsical tune plays ] Victoria: Thank you so much for teaching me Farsi. [Ominous chord strikes] -Amir: Okay. Victoria: So helpful. -[Amir laughs] Victoria: [chuckle] Very funny. -Amir: Hey. Well. Victoria: It was good. Amir: When you mess with Yaghoob, you don't win. Victoria: Okay, well, some would argue that I did. You know, if they checked out your website. [ Upbeat tune plays ] Amir: No. No, no. No. No. No. No. This is not good. Glenn: Uh, Amir, you're getting a lot of calls right now. It's in another language, so I don't get it, but it's something about a strange cock, some bitch tits, stolen farts. -Victoria: Right. [ Ominous chord strikes ] Victoria: Sorry. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ [ Engine hums, clatter ] ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 