Bajillion Dollar Propertie$: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ 
 s3e3 - Chelsea Leight-Leigh Lately - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ (2016–…): Season 3, Episode 3 - Chelsea Leight-Leigh Lately - full transcript 
 New Chelsea struggles with her tech detox, which unfortunately conflicts with Dean's social media needs. The Bros land guitarist client Zars St. Lars (SARAH SILVERMAN), but she won't stop ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪♪♪ Chelsea: Surprise! I drive now. You are looking at the new and improved Chelsea Leight-Leigh. No more Uber for me. I have a whole new lease on life, and, to celebrate, I bought myself this amazing car that has vertical doors. You know, it's my first car, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 so I'm learning how to get in and out of it. After the Glenn, Amir and Chelsea love-triangle disaster... Amir used me to get to Glenn to give up the partnership. Not cool! I'm done. I decided my brand needed a complete overhaul. Ugh! Uh. So now I'm a recovering app-addict 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 on a total tech-detox. I mean, hello? New hair. I'm really excited about the person I'm going to tell people I am now. ♪♪♪♪ I'm on my way to talk with the new office manager, DJ. I sense that he's a fellow seeker, and I'm really looking forward to talking with him. DJ: Oh... Chelsea: Hey, hey! DJ: Chelsea. Chelsea: How you doing? DJ: I'm great. How are you? Chelsea: Great! I just... DJ: You have a great energy about you today. Chelsea: Thank you so much. To that end, I came by to tell you that Friday I have to skip out early because I have to go to this Peruvian basket-weaving class. It's part of my recovery. DJ: That's amazing. I'm so happy for you! Chelsea: I know. I'm so excited. DJ: Uh, when I was in Peru, I set up a micro-economy out there for them and... Chelsea: Whoa! DJ: Yeah, and the fact that you're being part of it is connecting us already. Chelsea: That is so cool that you did that! DJ: Isn't that fun? Yeah. Chelsea: Yeah, you know, I did the Tour du Mont Blanc. I did it in, uh, in 8 days. DJ: Oh, my God. That's so fun! Chelsea: It was hard! DJ: That's so great. Yeah, I mean, it... Chelsea: It was grueling. DJ: If it's your first one, it... Chelsea: Have you done similar... DJ: Uh, yeah, I've done, uh, I don't know if it's similar. Chelsea: No. DJ: I have walked Asia. Chelsea: Wow! DJ: Yeah. You know, it's not until you walk all of Asia that you realize that every journey starts with one step. Chelsea: That is so good. Wow, DJ has lived a life. Oh, I had a life-changing experience that I'm sure he will find really inspiring. I mean, when I was on ayahuasca, for instance, that was like... DJ: Oh. Chelsea: ...that really opened up my, you know, frontal cortex. DJ: Yeah. Chelsea: And I feel like I haven't been the same since. DJ: And the first time you see a cheetah, and the first time that he opens his mouth... Chelsea: What? DJ: ...and speaks to you as a bear. Chelsea: I just saw a lemur. DJ: Oh, you saw a lemur? That can be good sometimes. That's great. Chelsea: My shaman said it's because I have a wily nature. DJ: Wait, who's your shaman? Chelsea: Jose Vasquez. DJ: Tell him, if you see him again, tell him I said, "Hello." Chelsea: You know him? DJ: Uh, I was his shaman. Chelsea: What?! DJ: Yeah. I was. I was for a -- a few journeys. Chelsea: Confession time. This is something my sponsor warned me about. I'm feeling competitive. DJ: No. Chelsea: And it's coming from an insecure place. DJ: You want me to say something then, have confession time for me? Chelsea: Yes! Yes, what do you -- what did you do? DJ: I have the same tech issues. I can't get off of my phone. Chelsea: You're kidding. DJ: Yeah. I mean, I can't because every time I look at my phone, $5 goes to clean water. Chelsea: That's not a thing. DJ: It is a thing. Chelsea: How? DJ: Elon Musk is my Godfather, and he started this idea based off of a dream I had. You know what? I said too much. Chelsea: Oh, did you? DJ: Get back in there. ♪♪♪♪ Andrew: Today we're meeting our seller, Zars St. Lars, at her house in the Pacific Palisades. Baxter: She's a session musician who has worked with everyone from Carlos Santana to Rob Thomas. Hey! Andrew: Zars! Zars: Hey, guys! Baxter: How's it going? Andrew: Nice to meet you. Zars: You made it! Baxter: Looking good. Andrew: Put a face to the name, right? Baxter: Yeah. Zars: Is it blowing your mind? Baxter: You were the guitarist on "Smooth." Multiple times, you mentioned "Smooth." Zars: Even though Zars St. Lars is the fourth lead guitar player on "Smooth," Zars...is just a person, a woman. Andrew: Is it called fourth lead? Fourth lead? Zars: The fourth lead guitar. Baxter: That song, "Smooth," came out in 1999. Andrew: That song is stupid. Zars: You think that, for selling this place, it's going to go, uh, easy? Going to go, uh, going to go, uh... What's another word for that? Andrew: Give it to her. Baxter: It should go smoothly? Andrew: Go smooth. Zars: Yeah. These banisters are not rough. They are the opposite of rough, which the fourth lead guitarist, the woman behind the man, behind the man behind "Smooth," is responsible for "Smooth," built that banister. Baxter: Yeah. Andrew: Yeah? Zars: You know what my favorite part of the song is? I'm going to show you. [ Plays one note ] Baxter: Is that... Zars: That's the note I played. Andrew: You played one -- one note? [ Plays two notes ] Oh. That changed it up a little bit. If Zars keeps talking about "Smooth," she's going to scare away buyers. Baxter: Please, please, please put down the guitar. Zars: Ah, the chord stopped. You know what didn't stop is the wild success of the song "Smooth." Baxter: Yeah. Zars: When we would do jam sessions, Carlos always used the upstairs bathroom to, uh, drop a bass note. He was talking about taking a shit. Baxter: Yeah. Andrew: Mm-hmm. We got that. Baxter: Hey, um, Zars, uh, so I think we... Zars: Call me Zee... Baxter: Zee. Zars: Or Zars. Zars St... Yeah, just do the whole thing. Baxter: Okay, Zars... Zars: Zars St. Lars. Baxter: Listen, Zars St. Lars. Um, we've got some clients on the way, and I don't think we need to sell you as much as we need to sell the house. So if you can kind of just, you know, chill a little bit on the "Smooth" stuff. Do we have your word on that? Zars: Yeah, heck yeah. You've got my word. You got my heart. And make it real, and let's forget about it. Andrew: Okay, that was... Zars: That was out of my system, just had to get it out of my system. Andrew: Okay. ♪♪♪♪ Amir: After a rough couple months, my luck is finally turning around. I sold a small We-Ho bungalow last week, and I'm about to close escrow on a $15 million home in the Malibu Hills. I have one last inspection with Jenny Tanner from the building department before this sale clears, and then I can finally move out of my car. Jenny: Is this a large crawl space or a sad patio? Amir: I think it's an open basement. Jenny: An open basement? That's about $10,000, $15,000 right there in fines. Amir: What? Jenny: I don't want to write that down, though. Amir: Well, then don't. Jenny: Hmm. Golly, I wonder what could make all of this go so much smoother for both of us. Amir: Me too. Jenny: In this sort of situation, you know, I scratch your back. You scratch mine. Amir: Oh. Oh. Jenny Tanner is hitting on me. Jenny: You know, I grease your palm. You grease mine, buddy. Amir: Oh, you want to give me a hand job? Jenny: No, I don't want to give you a hand job. Think! Amir: You said grease palm. Jenny: Yes. Amir: I'm the idiot for thinking that's a hand job? Jenny: You have the greased palm. Amir: Is it possible that I've misread the situation? No. Jenny: How much can you fit in pockets like those? Amir: I've got my wallet. Jenny: Oh, what? I didn't ask you to bring your wallet out. But now that it's here, I'd love to see more. Amir: Oh, check it out. Actually, this is Prada. It's lambs leather. Jenny: Inside too as well? It's lambs leather? Ooh! Amir: Check that out. Jenny: What goes in the -- the little slots? Amir: You don't know what goes in the slots of a wallet? Jenny: Could you show me? Amir: Uh... Jenny: I'm a visual learner. Amir: Hello, money. Jenny: How much could you fit in there? How many bills? Amir: Here, hold that. Look at -- look at all the space it's got. You can, like, literally, just, you can pile it full of cash. Jenny: Oh. Amir: Like, look, I'm folding a double. Jenny: Oh, I'm getting sad again. I'm just remembering all these violations and codes and fines. Amir: Then don't write them if you don't want to. Jenny: Oh, what -- what do you think we could do to make this situation go a little bit more smoothly? Amir: What is happening right now? Jenny: You were so close earlier. Remember, something came out of your pants. You took another thing out of that thing. We were right there. Amir: I get it. Jenny: Okay. Amir: I'm no fool. Jenny: All right! Amir: You want an iPhone case? Jenny: Okay, I want you to pay me a bribe. And then I won't write anything down, and you can sell this house. Amir: Oh, okay. Why didn't you just say that? Jenny: I'm trying so hard. Amir: I thought you wanted me to jerk off for you or something. Jenny: I do a little, but no. More, I want the money. Amir: Okay, well, how much do you want? Jenny: I want $300. Amir: $300? Jenny: Yeah. Amir: That's it? Jenny: Yeah. Amir: I'll give you $400... Jenny: Oh, my God. Amir: ...just because you want to see me jerk off. Going to close the sale and jerk off for Jenny. Amir is back, baby! ♪♪♪♪ Chelsea: I'm headed to my second Rosedragon meeting of the day to convince Dean to let me write his foreword. Hope this one goes better. Dean: Chelsea. I understand you have taken some sort of vow of Internet sobriety as it were? Chelsea: Mm-hmm. Dean: And I think that is noble. Chelsea: Thanks. Dean: But it does not serve me, and so what I'd like, in advance of my book coming out, and in accordance with my publisher, Gwentolin's, instructions, is for you to handle the social media for my book onslaught. Chelsea: No, no, no, no, no, Dean. Dean, no, please don't ask this of me. Dean: You are the person who knows about these things. Chelsea: No. Okay. Dean, I've been going sober for 78 days. I'm on a roll, please don't do this to me. Please, please, please, please. It will derail me. Dean is setting off, like, a lot of triggers for me, and what he's not doing is asking me to write the foreword for his book. Dean: Chelsea, I -- I understand you've -- you've thrown away your phone. Chelsea: I have. All of them. Dean: So you -- you couldn't do it anyway. Chelsea: Well, I mean, I could figure out how. Dean: Well, that would take so long, and then you'd probably forget how to do it. Chelsea: Ha, ha! Excuse your damn self. I would be able to send off a fire-ass tweet so fast, it would go viral so quick your head would spin. You have no idea what I'm capable of. Dean: As you can see, the fish is on the line. Stavrose? Stavrose: Yes? Dean: Reach into the burner barrel and pull out a burner phone please and bring it in here. Stavrose: Right away! Chelsea: I know what you're doing. Dean: What am I doing? Chelsea: I know what you're doing. Dean: What am I doing? Chelsea: You're trying to... Okay. Yeah, I'll play your little game. I'll show you my resolve. A burner phone. Dean: Thank you, Stavrose. Stavrose: My pleasure. Chelsea. Chelsea: What up? What is that, iPhone 6? You're late. Dean: It's a 6S. Chelsea: Mnh-mnh. Dean: 6S Plus. Chelsea: We're already on 7.2 Alpha, and you know it. Dean: Oh, so then you couldn't do it on this phone. You couldn't send a tweet from this phone? Chelsea: I could destroy this phone. Dean: I'd have to see that to believe it, I suppose. Chelsea: You're not going to get me to... That screen. It's so smooth. Oh, it's even better than I remembered. Not gonna do it, not gonna touch it. Dean: You seem to be touching it. Chelsea: Okay, maybe I was never meant to be tech-sober. I'll do it. Thank you, Dean. I'll do it now, and I'll set it to post later. Dean: You're doing the right thing, Chelsea. Chelsea: Oh, my God. Did you see what Chloe did to her hair? Dean: You don't have to do it here. Chelsea: The fuck are you thinking? Dean: These are mobile phones still, isn't that correct? Chelsea: Oh, absolutely not, Rihanna. You said no fur. Now you all about fur. What is this? I'm going to tweet at him. He has no idea what's coming. Don't sleep on Chelsea. I've been away, but I ain't dead yet, bitches. Dean: Well, that was fun. I was afraid I'd lost my knack for un-sobering people. Still got it. ♪♪♪♪ Amir: The inspection at the Malibu Hills house should have been over a long time ago. But the bribe monster known as Jenny Tanner, home inspector, keeps "finding things." Jenny: Okay, let's see what we got here. Oh, got some more fissures. [ Cash register dings ] I see exposed electrical. [ Cash register dings ] Mold down there. [ Cash register dings ] Amir: This is a lot of money, but the house has to pass inspection, or I don't get my commission. What do you do with all this money, by the way? Jenny: Oh, it goes towards my basic living expenses and terrible medical costs. Amir: Oh. Do you have a medical issue? Jenny: Yes, I have a pain-pill addiction. Amir: Have you tried to get treatment maybe? Jenny: The problem with that was that I didn't want to. Ooh, I see exposed insulation. [ Cash register dings ] Amir: So you're just going to go home after this? Jenny: "Home," yeah. Amir: Why -- why'd you put home in quotes? Jenny: It's a van. I mean, I like it, but it's a van. Amir: You live in a van? Jenny: I live in a van. Not as bad as I thought it would be. Amir: There's nothing I hate more than relating to somebody, but I get it. I've been living in my Porsche. But I've already given her a lot of money. This is not what usually what happens when I give all my money to a beautiful woman. Jenny: Okay. Let's see what's wrong with this section. You know what? I'm too tired. Just give me the money. Amir: No. You know what? I'm done giving you the money. We've been going around the house. You're pointing at things that are bogus. I've paid way more money than I intended, way more money than you let on that I would pay. Write whatever the hell you want on that stupid clipboard, I'm done. Jenny: Whoa! Look at that fire. Look at that passion! Amir: Yeah, that's what usually happens, baby. Amir's back in charge. Jenny: You've convinced me, sir. I'm going to sign this form for you right now. Amir: Thank you. Jenny: Just kidding! And if you don't give me $1,000 right now, I'm going to burn this place down. Amir: Out of your mind. Here. Jenny: Thank you, sir. Here you go, congratulations. Amir: Thanks. Yeah. I did it. I get my sweet commission, and I can finally move out of my car. And she'll still be sleeping in a van. And, by the way, no one lives in this house. If you want, you can stay here tonight. Jenny: I would never stay here. Ugly, it's tacky, and it's about to fall over. Amir: The good news is, the house passed inspection. The bad news is Jenny lost her certificate a year ago. This is a $2,000 piece of hard toilet paper. ♪♪♪♪ Andrew: A buyer came in from New York City to tour the Palisades house. Zars St. Lars has promised not to bring up "Smooth." Baxter: God, that song sucks. Andrew: Sucks. All right. Baxter: Yeah, so this is the living room here. Tamamara: Oh. Andrew: How was your flight from New York, Tamamara? Tamamara: You know what? It was not bad. Andrew: Yeah? Baxter: Good. Tamamara: 'Cause there was no turbulence at all. Baxter: That's good. Andrew: Good. Tamamara: It was very, um, what is it, um, safe! Baxter: Yes. Very safe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tamamara: Oh, look! See, now, this is interesting. Right? These floors, they look like they would be rough, but, uh... Baxter: Yeah, it's very... Tamamara: Slick. Baxter: Yes. Very slick. Tamamara: Flat. Baxter: Yes. Tamamara: Yeah. Andrew: She had breakfast in here every morning because it gets such great sunlight. Tamamara: You know what I love to do for breakfast? Do you ever do this? It's real healthy, you, um, it's like a juice breakfast where you blend it and you put in, uh... Andrew: Don't you -- don't you... Baxter: It's a shake. Tamamara: Oh, but, you know, you put the peanut butter in it, but not the chunky kind, the kind that will go well with, um... Baxter: Creamy. Andrew: Can you not... Baxter: Creamy. Andrew: This is a damn minefield. Tamamara: Look at this! Oh, is this -- this guitar? Baxter: Mm-hmm. Tamamara: You know, I play music as a hobby. Baxter: Oh, cool! Andrew: Oh, cool. Tamamara: For fun. Just for funsies! Do you do that? Andrew: That's just her design. Tamamara: Do you do that? Is that yours? Do you play? Zars: "Smooth"! "Smooth," "Smooth," mother fucker! Andrew: Oh, okay. Baxter: Okay. Zars: Everything you said, the answer is smooth. Your smooth flight, your smooth peanut butter, your smooth everything and your smooth floor. Baxter: No, it's not. Andrew: I'm sorry. Zars: And your smooth face. Andrew: Creamy peanut butter, it's not... Baxter: Hey, uh, Tamamara, why don't you check out this... Zars: Smooth. Andrew: What was that? Baxter: ...uh, fireplace in depth. Look at it very close. Andrew: That -- that was like a crazy person. Baxter: You just lost your mind... Andrew: What are you doing? Baxter: ...at a buyer? Andrew: I mean, if we're going to sell this house... Baxter: We got to talk her off the ledge. Zars: It -- I don't want to sell. Andrew: Wait, wait. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what? Zars: I didn't want to, um, sell. Baxter: You... Zars: This is my home. Andrew: You do want to sell. That's why you brought us in. Why are we here if you don't want to sell? Zars: Because I just want to be appreciated for "Smoo--" I want to be appreciated for "Sm--" Baxter: You're trying to... Andrew: You are. Baxter: This is an attempt for you to get appreciated for "Smooth"? Andrew: You are appreciated for "Smooth," but you should want to be appreciated for other things as well. Baxter: How about answer this. What's... Zars: "Smooth." Baxter: No. Where's your favorite place to vacation? Is it a city? Place? Zars: Smooth Town, U.S.A. Baxter: That is not a city. Andrew: It actually is a city, but it doesn't matter. Baxter: Where? Smooth Town, U.S.A. Zars: All right, Clearwater, Florida. Baxter: There. Andrew: See? Baxter: Isn't that beautiful? That's it, Zars. Come with us. Andrew: To Sales Town. If I give you $10,000 and say, "You have to use this on a vacation and go anywhere you want," where do you go? Zars: Barstow? Andrew: That's cool! That's cool. You have a bunch of different interests you haven't even recognized before. Zars: I'm so much more than "Smooth." Baxter: Yes! Andrew: So much more than "Smooth." Baxter: So much more! Zars: I mean, and I -- I've been stuck in that space, and I put my value of myself onto that. And it's just like... Andrew: Yeah. Zars: ...I am more than that. I am -- I am bracelets. I am rings. I am, you know, fun... Baxter: Yes. Zars: ...uh, T-shirts. Baxter: Yeah. Tamamara: Oh, my God. Zars St. Lars. I recognize you now! Fourth lead guitarist on "Smooth"? Andrew: Yes. Wow. Zars: I'm afraid I am. Baxter: Yeah. Andrew: That's impressive. Tamamara: I lost my virginity to that song! Zars: Oh. Thank you. We had fun doing that. Tamamara: Oh, my God. I can't...This is your house! Zars: This is actually the house that "Smooth" built. "Smooth" was written... Tamamara: No! Zars: ...and then I was able to afford that table. And then I bought this, and then I bought this, and then I bought that, and then I bought that... Andrew: Right. Zars: And then I bought this, and then I bought that, and then I bought this. Tamamara: I'm buying this house. Baxter: Great! Andrew: Okay! Tamamara: Yes. Andrew: I like hearing that. Baxter: Yes. Tamamara: I need to have it. Andrew: Thanks. Baxter: Done deal! Andrew: Make it a smooth deal. Zars: Make it a deal and make it real, or let's forget about it! Baxter: Yes, that's good! Baxter and Andrew: ♪♪ Man, it's a hot one ♪♪ Baxter: Whoo, I love that song! ♪♪♪♪ Dean: Well, if he's dead, that just makes things easier. All right. Bye. Glenn: Hi, Dean. Dean: Glenn. Glenn: I studied all night, and I have never been more ready to convince Dean that I'm his guy for the book foreword. Thank you for taking this appointment with me. Dean: Absolutely. Glenn: I am thrilled to be pitching to you why I should be the one writing your foreword. Now... Dean: Glenn, I'm going to stop you there. Glenn: Okay. Dean: It won't be you. Glenn: You don't want to hear my pitch at all? Dean: Well, I don't need to hear your pitch. Glenn: Can I give you five of the words? Dean: If you like. Glenn: Warmth of the birthing canal. Dean: Feel better? Glenn: Not really, it didn't seem to hook you. Dean: No, I certainly don't want to hear more of whatever that was going to be. I hope you're not too disappointed. Glenn: I'm hurting. Dean: Well, it was nice to see you. Glenn: It can't end. Not like this. I like being near Dean. I would love to pitch you what the other brokers might write for you if they were to write your foreword. Dean: Why not? Glenn: For example, if it were Victoria, maybe it would be something like, "Hi. I'm Victoria King. Every morning, I arise from the depths of Hell to join the human race on Earth. I'm an awful human being. If you were to part my hair, you would find the horns coming out of my skull." Dean: We're no closer to understanding what the foreword would be, should she write it. Glenn: But I got her voice. Dean: You certainly did. Glenn: Okay. Baxter and Andrew. "Hey, y'all, I'm Baxter. I start the sentence. Give me more golden raisins and grits." "And I'm Andrew, I finish the sentence. Where's my protein?" Dean: Baxter does love gold raisins, I assume! Glenn, thank you. I'm sorry that it can't be you. But I appreciate your efforts, and they won't go unnoticed. Glenn: Dean, I would love to leave this meeting with something tangible to show for my efforts. Dean: Give me your pen. There you go. You just wear that, anywhere. Glenn: Wow. "Glenn is nice." I am nice. It says so right here. ♪♪♪♪ Chelsea: This day sucked. DJ's more interesting than me. Dean pulled me off the wagon. Screw it. I'm just going to drown my sorrows in salad, and for dessert? Yogurt! I'm treating myself, bitches. Hey, Todd. That's my yogurt. Todd. Hey! Don't open my yogurt. Whoa, Todd! Why are you eating my yogurt, man? Dude. Not cool. Don't stare at me while you just solemnly eat my yogurt. Why are you looking at my -- Don't put your hands in my -- Todd, stop! Would you -- No, hey. Hey, come on, don't go through my bag. Todd, don't dump -- Come on, dude. Todd, do not. That's a fancy lipstick! Todd, come on man! Todd, don't put on my fancy lipstick! Don't put on my Mac RiRi Woo. Todd! Do not wear my RiRi Woo, Rihanna doesn't -- Todd, you just ate my Mac lipstick. Todd, don't! Put down my sweater. That is my sweater. Todd, that's cashmere. Don't cradle it like you miss someone. Todd! Todd, you are not a fancy lady waitress. No! Todd. Do not bring me something I did not order. Don't go back in the kitchen and tell the cook it's my fault. Todd, I don't want to... Don't make me be a bull though. Just don't. Why do I -- Okay, stop. No more. I don't want to dance, Todd. Todd. Todd, stop. This isn't "West Side Story," stop. Stop! Hey. You get out of here. You get out. No. You back up. You back up! Get out! Get out! Get out! Go! Damn. I mean, Todd is an insane person. But I got to say, pepper-spraying him in the face ended my day on a high note. Todd: Forgot my cart. Chelsea: Oh. Oh, and hey, Todd, there's all this salad on the floor. Can you clean it up? Todd: Yeah, yeah, I'll get to it. ♪♪♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 