Bajillion Dollar Propertie$: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ 
 s3e1 - Dean's Legacy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ (2016–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - Dean's Legacy - full transcript 
 Dean announces his epic memoir, featuring a foreword by the most deserving broker, and his son DJ (EUGENE CORDERO) arrives to manage Platinum while Dean is busy writing. Meanwhile, Glenn ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: Previously on "Bajillion Dollar Properties"... Stoffanie: The winner is Platinum Realty. Dean: Yes! Madison: Tonight's Diamond Dealmaker Award goes to Baxter Reynolds! Andrew: Baxter won by himself? Baxter: I am better off on my own. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Glenn: I gave up being partners so that we can be together. Chelsea: I sort of started seeing someone. Glenn: You set us up! Eugene: There's been a mistake. The real winner is Miss Jeannie Marchand. [ All chanting "Jeanie, Jeanie, Jeanie!" ] Victoria: Sit the fuck down! Real estate is stupid! [ Piano playing ] Dean: I am a man 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 at the top of my game. Hello. I'm doing the talking at you thing now. You're welcome. Oh, I've scaled the highest peaks. I've swum the darkest depths, and now the world waits with baited breath. What's next for Dean Rosedragon? [ Hawk screeches ] I have assembled my Platinum minions to reveal the answer. Good morning, brokers. I have a speech. Now that I have won the Diamond Dealmaker and achieved my dream of tog, what is there left for me to do? I have climbed every mountain, stood at the top of it, looked down and said, "You're all losers." My imperative is to leave behind my story that others may learn from it, and perhaps the world could become a better place? And so I'm going to write the story of my life, my story, told by me, for everyone to read. You're welcome. Now then, the reason I am telling you this is because I'm going to hold a contest to see which of you will write the foreword to my autobiography. This will be a boon to anyone's career, to have your name and words so prominently placed in my autobiography. Amir: All right. So how are you going to decide who's going to write it? Dean: Be quiet. I will hear your pitches in my office, why you should be the best one to write my foreword, and then I will choose the person that I deem most qualified. Baxter: Is the foreword the list of chapters? Dean: That would be the table of contents. -Baxter: Okay. -Dean: Do you need a refresher of the parts of books before you come in and pitch your foreword? -Baxter: Yes. Amir: I never remember what an epilogue is. Dean: Everyone, please, this is an abuse of words. Now then, while I am immersed in the task of writing my tale, someone will need to run things day-to-day here to oversee everything, and of course, Glenn has voluntarily stepped down. Victoria: I don't mind being the boss, Dean. That is fine by -- -Dean: Well, it won't be you, so keep on not minding it. In my stead, and in Glenn's stead, the person who will be managing things here at Platinum day-to-day will be my pride and joy, my legitimate son, D.J. Son? ♪♪♪ Victoria: Two Rosedragons? What the shit is happening right now?! ♪♪♪ Dean: D.J. is my actual blood-related son from my one marriage, ugh, to his mother, Eglin. Victoria: But you're divorced now? Dean: Yes, thank god. D.J.: Hey, I'm D.J., short for Dean Junior. I've been running my papa's Rosedragon Foundation Charity for the last few years, but now I'm here doing this, and I'm stoked. [ Laughs ] Dean: The Rosedragon Foundation helps many, many people, the most important of those people being me. D.J.: You may not have met me, but I feel like I know each and every one of you already. -Victoria: Mm. -D.J.: I'm going to approach managing Platinum as I did the jungles of Laos -- study the terrain, learn the culture. Andrew. -Andrew: Hi. D.J.: You won the Coney Island Hot Dog Eating Contest, didn't you? Andrew: I came in first place. D.J.: First place, yeah. That means you won it. -Andrew: Holy shit. -D.J.: You didn't know you won? Andrew: They gave me a blue ribbon, and I was like, "Oh." -D.J.: That means you won, bud. -Andrew: That's great news. Baxter: You know, they also give a blue ribbon to the fattest pig at the fair, too, so maybe it was a mistake. Andrew: I really want to punch Baxter in his stupid double-crossing eyebrows, but not in front of D.J. D.J.: I'll be meeting individually with everybody here, just making sure that everybody's energy is there and with me, and we're going to make Platinum just an even better company as Papa is writing his book. Victoria: Oh. Dean: Wonderfully said, son. Chelsea: Whoo! Victoria: So, this means we won't have to ever see Glenn again, correct? D.J.: Oh, no. Where is Glenn? Dean: Well, Glenn's going through a bit of a phase right now. ♪♪♪ Amir: Since the Diamond Dealmakers, Glenn has become very "emo." Yes, I'm serious. Chelsea: His office looks insane, like it was decorated by a love-sick teen vampire. -Victoria: Awful. -Chelsea: It's gross. -Victoria: The worst. -D.J.: That's my bro from a different mo and po. -Dean: Victoria. Chelsea: Your bro from a what? -D.J. Different mo and po. -Dean: It's an expression. Chelsea: Different parents entirely? -Dean: It's an expression. -Chelsea: So as just a friend? -Dean: Yes. They are unrelated. -Andrew: Mo means mother. D.J.: Or Moesha. Amir: I'm putting on a brave face, but I've been in a sales slump since the Diamond Dealmakers. I will be fucking Chelsea and, at the same time, fucking you. Since then, I've had to downsize a bit. A lot actually. I'd say I've downed all the sizes, and now I'm living in my Porsche. Chelsea: Karma's a bitch. Uber rejected him, too many complaints. But he started his own knockoff ride-share service called "Yahg-Uber". [ Laughing ] Amir: I'm headed to the Pacific Palisades to meet my new client, Stevion. He's ready to buy, and I'm ready to sell. Stevion is in a rush and only has an hour. But he should budget some extra time, because after he sees this house, he's going to shit his pants. This place was built in the early 1920s, same outside bones, inside, completely renovated. You're gonna fall in love with this place. I swear it. You just got to see it. I'm going to get you in here. I'll get you out right away. -Stevion: I've got an hour. -Amir: That's all I need. -Stevion: Let's go. Amir: Let me just find the right key, and we will be good to go. Stevion: Those are the keys? Amir: Most of these are gym keys. I belong to a lot of gyms. You work out? -Stevion: What? No. -Amir: Yeah, sure. It's a lot of unmarked keys to go through. But my luck's got to change sometime. Stevion, what kind of name is that? -Stevion: It's from New Zealand. -Amir: Oh, yeah? Is that where the accent is from? -Stevion: Well, my whole body. -Amir: Oh. -Stevion: Yeah. -Amir: Yeah. Stevion: You're gonna go through each key? Amir: Uh, yeah, we're almost -- we're almost there. Uh... Which, uh -- Stevion: The keys are falling off there. Amir: No, that's okay. That's okay. You guys actually eat kiwis a lot or is that just a rumor? Stevion: Kiwi fruit, not the bird. It's a bird. -Amir: Oh, is there a bird? Stevion: Yeah. That's what we named after. Amir: No way. Tell me -- tell me about that. Stevion: Well, it's flightless. You've just reminded me, I've got a flight to catch. So... No, that's not it. Try another one. -Amir: Okay. Stevion: That one didn't work. I can tell that one's not gonna work. Keep trying, you're doing well. Amir: Thank you. Stevion: And you've got 45 minutes now. Amir: Hey, I know how minutes work. Okay? Stevion: Yeah. They diminish. Amir: Yeah. Yeah. But, um... Stevion: Like your chances of selling me this house, because I've got to fly. -Amir: I know. Stevion: I've got to go very shortly. Amir: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. None of these keys are working. I got to call the owner. -Stevion: Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Amir: Hello? Hello, Tanye. Do you have a spare key anywhere? Okay. Okay. Yes. Uh... Okay. Great. Thanks. Bye. Um, one of the rocks. One of the rocks. Stevion: Okay, great. Oh, they're always under the rock, classic. Nope. Nope. Nope. -Amir: Okay. -Stevion: Nope. Why would you put a key under there? It's stupid. Fake rock. All right. Amir: Oh, it's on. Sales slump? You're out of here! Stevion, welcome to your new home. Stevion: Ah, it's another door. Sorry, I'm out of here. -Amir: No, no, no, no! Wait, wait. Stevion, please, this key might work. Stevion: Okay, look, I really want this place. If I can put one foot through that doorway, I guarantee I will buy it. Okay? -Amir: Okay. Stevion: Come on! What's happened? Amir: It's blocked by furniture. Stevion: That's it. No. I'm out of here. Amir: No! No! Stevion. Stevion: You think I've got time for this shit, mate? I told you. I've got to fly. Amir: You're flying the plane? I thought kiwis don't fly. -Stevion: Oh! You think I haven't heard that joke before, you dickhead! Amir: I get it. You're a fucking pilot. Stevion: A successful pilot! Amir: It's not the '80s anymore. You guys aren't cool. You're like a bus driver in the sky. Stevion: Oh, really? You don't know what I'm flying. You don't know the type of plane. Amir: What are you flying? Stevion: A Concord, motherfucker. Amir: They don't fly Concords anymore. Stevion: They're back, bitch. Mm. Amir: Fuck! Ah! Aah! [ Sobbing ] I lost the sale. Hey, Tanye. Did you know there was a hole in that second door? In the window, yeah. Victoria: Yeah. I was humiliated at the Diamond Dealmakers. But that's in the past, and I've made peace with it. [ Alarm blaring ] I hate you, Jeannie! This is my year! D.J. may have called me into his office, but I'm about to make him putty in my hands. D.J.: I just want to meet everybody, just so... You know, it's part -- -Victoria: Well, here I am. Can I just tell you that I love your desk? -D.J.: Oh! -Victoria: I love all this. Oops. My God, I just-- I dropped all those pens. -D.J.: I know. Victoria: What am I going to do with all these? What am I going to do with all these pens? -D.J.: Um, you're going to -- -Victoria: All these pens. D.J.: You're going to put them back. Victoria: Here's one pen. Can you grab it? -D.J.: You can have it. -Victoria: Can you get this pen? -D.J.: You can have it. -Victoria: Don't you want it? Take it with your mouth. -D.J.: Take it with -- No. Victoria: Take it with your mouth. D.J.: Victoria, you don't have to do this. Victoria: Okay. Oh, great. Like father, like son. D.J.: Why are you doing this? Victoria: Why am I -- Why am I doing what? D.J.: This whole thing, why -- why are you doing this? Victoria: Years of positive, you know, male reinforcement. What? -D.J.: I want the real Victoria, the smart, strong, fierce woman that is behind all of this. -Victoria: Oh. D.J., let me stop you right there. -D.J.: Okay. -Victoria: This is all real. -D.J.: No. -Victoria: Okay? I was born with this, and, believe me, sometimes it comes to bite me in the ass. D.J.: Right. Victoria: But I have used it the way God wanted me to use it. D.J.: Right. But then -- Victoria: And I get that every part of me, from head to toe, is perfection. But at least I'm not letting it go to waste. I show it when I can. I give it to those who deserve it, and I make sure that people realize what a burden it is to look like this. Well, I did it. I sexually hypnotized D.J., and now I can get him to do my bidding. D.J.: Ugh! I'm glad we worked that out. I mean, there's always one in every office. -Baxter: Hey, hey, hey. -D.J.: Oh, hi. So I'm meeting with everybody, just to, uh -- What are you... Baxter: Oh! What's up? D.J.: Wow. Platinum is such a sex-positive office. Next up, I'm meeting Glenn in his office. It's been 10 years, but Glenn seems like one of those guys who never changes. [ Heavy metal music playing ] Hey, Glenn? Uh, mind if I have a seat? Glenn: I don't know. Do you mind if you have a seat? Welcome to the new me. D.J.: This is great. I love the vibe in here. Glenn: Yeah. Thank you for recognizing that. I really appreciate it. -D.J.: I always recognize you. Glenn: Would have been nice to be recognized maybe a little bit more consistently over the last, I don't know, 15, 17 years. D.J.: I know. It would have been great, right? Dean: I'm most proud of how I've been able to keep my legitimate and illegitimate sons apart all these years. Glenn: I was texting you and saying, "Hey, I'm gonna be home for Christmas," and then you'd be like, "No, Papa's sending me away to Seattle." D.J.: Yeah. Papa loved sending me away over the holidays. I don't know what it was. He said, for that Seattle one, for Christmas, he wanted to give me rain? Dean: But I have brought them together now because I thought it would make an interesting chapter in my book. D.J.: Whoa. You look like a fancy hawk. Glenn: Thanks. D.J.: I hope that we can work together, and I'm not trying to fill your shoes. In fact, I got boots on. Glenn: I'm not one to throw stones while living in a glass house, but those boots are a bad look. D.J.: You're not the first person to say that, but I'm -- Glenn: If you continue to wear them... -D.J.: Yes? -Glenn:...I want you to know that at least one person in every room that you're in is going to think they're ridiculous. D.J.: Okay. But can I tell you something about life? Glenn: Enlighten me. D.J.: It's ridiculous. Glenn: Oh. You think I don't know? Do you want to hear some of my poetry? D.J.: Sure. Glenn: Here's a good one. [ Clears throat ] "So what is the point of living today? You just have to do what other people say. Life is the Matrix. Goddess, how I hate this. I wish it would all just wash away." D.J.: Whoa. I haven't reached him yet, but he sees that I'm throwing him the rope, the rope of friendship. Baxter: Andrew's still got his thong in a bunch about the Diamond Dealmakers. -Andrew: Ah! -Baxter: Ah! Both: Aah! Victoria: No. I'm walking through a Planet Hollywood. Andrew: Baxter broke the bro code so hard. I can't even say it. He didn't give me a shout-out! Bros always give each other a shout-out! Baxter: I'm going, by myself, to meet a client at a listing in Venice Beach. My client's name is Morningstar, and she's a celebrity doula, which is a thing you can be now. Doula is a fancy name for birth coach. Tons of natural light, as you can see. Morningstar: Tons. It makes me laugh because, as a doula, I'm so connected to the elements. And the sun makes me laugh. Try this. This is actually a smoothie. These are expensive, so I'm giving you a sip of that for free. -Baxter: Oh. Morningstar: Take it, take it, take it, take it. If you have any immunity problems, if your vision's blurry, if you're having trouble sleeping, if you can't really open up to the people closest to you, a smoothie like this will really help. And make sure you get to the bottom because all the nutrients tend to go to the bottom. I mean, that's as fresh as placenta gets. Again, this an hour and a half ago, max. -Baxter: Huh? -Morningstar: It's placenta. Baxter: A baby sac? One second. Morningstar: And I like the acoustics in here. Ah! -Baxter: Yeah. It's very -- -Morningstar: Ah! Yeah. I'm really sensitive to that because people are screaming. -Baxter: Oh, yeah. Morningstar: The baby's born into that, and they go, "Oh, God, the chaos. Oh, God." You know? -Baxter: Right. Well, this is a recent addition, this wing of the house. So it's very solid. -Morningstar: Well, I can tell that no one has ever given birth here. Baxter: I'll do anything for a sale, which is why I told Morningstar we could act out a simulated birth. Morningstar: Plant your arms firmly as though you're from the Earth, which you are. Now what you're going to do is keep doing some of those low moans. Oh, God! It's happening now, Josh! Baxter: [ High-pitched ] Oh, God, it's happening now, Josh! Morningstar: We don't have time to get the car, Josh. The baby needs to be born here. Okay. Listen to me, we're going to do this now, okay? Baxter: Okay. Never mind, Josh. Morningstar: Josh, we need you. But we don't really need you because you're not helpful in this situation because men to tend to tense up around fear! Baxter: Stay close but emotionally far away! Morningstar: As you already have been! Baxter: This is going well. Morningstar: Let this act a metaphor for the blood. Baxter: Does this much blood happen in birth? Morningstar: It's just pouring out. Often it will. Now what's going to happen -- Look at me. We're going to have this baby. -Baxter: All right. Morningstar: Now what I need you to do is really take a deep breath and do kind of a battle cry, like a... [Ululating] Baxter: [ Ululating ] Morningstar: Okay. Good. Oh, no! -Baxter: Oh! -Morningstar: Oh, no! Morningstar: Oh, no. I can't breathe! -Baxter: Oh! -Morningstar: Oh, no! -Baxter: What? -Morningstar: I can't breathe! Oh, no. I need you to push harder! Baxter: Push harder? [ Ululating ] Morningstar: [ Crying ] Hold me. I'm your baby. -Baxter: Oh. -Morningstar: [ Crying ] Baxter: Oh, no! It's okay! My baby. My baby. Morningstar: Ma-- Mama? Tell me your mother's name. -Baxter: Maureen. Morningstar: Maureen. You're Maureen. Baxter: Yeah. Morningstar: I'm a baby. Oh, no. Baxter: Baxter! Oh, Baxter! -Morningstar: You don't love me! -Baxter: No, I do! Morningstar: You pushed too hard but not hard enough. -Baxter: No. No, I -- I -- -Morningstar: I love you, Mom. Baxter: I love -- I love you, Baxter. Morningstar: Little kiss right here? Baxter: I love you. I think I can stop therapy now. Morningstar: Oh, no! Baxter: No, Baxter, I got you milk! I got your milk! I got your milk! Morningstar: I want you to drink it because you my -- you need nutrients. -Baxter: No, it's your milk. Okay. Morningstar: No, I want you to drink it now! Baxter: I blew the sale, and then I blew chunks of placenta everywhere. It was not good. ♪♪♪ D.J.: Ah. -Andrew: Hey, man. -D.J.: Andrew. -Andrew: Hi. -D.J.: I just finished -- Andrew: That's my name. Don't wear it out. D.J.: Wow. Last meeting of the day and it's with Andrew. And he's a mystery to me. Yeah. I just love your energy around the office, your vibes. It's just, like, I wanted to talk to you one-on-one because you're a real enigma here, you know? Andrew: Oh, great. I'm sorry, man. We don't use a lot of racial terms around the office. You may be one, but... -D.J.: An enigma? Andrew: ...I'm not comfortable even hearing that. D.J.: I'm not an enigma, you are. Andrew: Whatever you say, my enigma. I've been to HR more times than I've been to the bathroom. D.J.: Man, what are you thinking? What's going on right now? -Andrew: Right now? -D.J.: Yeah. -Andrew: Uh, hungry. -D.J.: You're thinking hungry? Andrew: Wait, no. Hungry. -D.J.: Hungry. You're hungry for the next step, where else you're going to be in this company. And you know what? I'm going to help you find that. Andrew: No, food, where I'll get my next food. D.J.: Yeah. Yeah. How are you gonna sell that next house? Andrew: Hot dog. Hot dog. Hot -- Hamburger. Hamburger with j-- Oh, I'm going back to hot dog. Oh, Korean barbecue. [ Chuckles ] D.J.: I have no idea what's going on in that brain, but everything that's going on is amazing. You have to know that. You must be playing a trick on all of us. You must go home every day and go, "I fooled everybody at work again." Andrew: I don't do that. I do go home. I've DVR'd every episode of "Judge Judy." And I'll turn it way down, and then I talk for her. It gives me a feeling of power in my life because then, like, I can make up the case. And so I can be like, "This guy came in, and he stole all my brushes." And then we'll cut to the girl, and I'll be like, "No, I didn't. No way did I do that. No, sir." Depending on how long it stays on her, it's a ton of nos. And then eventually, at the end, Judge Judy will be like, "Give me my paperwork, rah rah, and you pay him $500 for all those brushes." D.J.: I never put myself in the position of everyman, and you play every part just to see what the voice is for everybody. Andrew: When did you get a window put in here and are we moving? D.J.: Great people are like rainbow. I think Platinum is a place I can hang my scarf for a while and call home. ♪♪♪ Dean: I'm meeting with Glenn to find out what exactly is going on with him. Time for a Glenn-tervention. [ Heavy metal music playing ] I could do this all day, Glenn. Glenn: And I could do this all night because I love the darkness. Dean: That's what we're looking at here, is the darkness? Glenn: Yes. My inner self coming out in my interior decorating choices. -Dean: Target? -Glenn: Mm-hmm. Target has a new home furnishings line by Kat Von D. Dean: What's that? Glenn: Are you talking about this? Dean: Yes. It looks like it's a rhinoceros, and he's crying so much there's a puddle beneath him of rhino tears. Glenn: Very perceptive, Dean. Dean: And he seems to have some sort of leathern bat wings. Glenn: Mm-hmm. So he can escape and fly away and be alone. Dean: Where you think you are right now, that is not darkness. Glenn: Easy for you to say. I took poison earlier. They were mints. -Dean: In a box marked poison? -Glenn: It's a novelty thing. I saw it at the checkout counter when I got this wristband. Dean: I thought that was part of the hoodie. Well, this ends now. Glenn, I know darkness. You fell in love. That love did not last. Your best friend did something you did not like. This is life, Glenn. Let me tell you about true darkness. 1975, I found my hands around the neck of a man I considered my brother, squeezing, squeezing, watching the light go out of his eyes. But that wasn't the scariest thing, Glenn. The scariest thing was seeing my own reflection in his dying eyes, because beyond the messianic ecstasy I could see on my face, I could also see the empty void that lurked beneath. That's darkness, Glenn. And that's why I'll never go to another Black Friday sale. Do you get what I'm saying? Good. So there's worse things. Glenn: Okay. Um, I'll, uh, take a shower, and I think I'll wash all this off. Dean: Sounds good. Glenn: Thank you for your frightening story. Dean: You're welcome. Anytime, I'm full of them. Glenn: [ Chuckles nervously ] Dean: Rosedragon, you've done it again. All the pieces are in place. You've pit your staff against one another for a few pages in your book. Your beloved son has been installed as overseer. Glenn has been returned to his natural neutered state. And now to set pen to paper and tell the story of my life. A new day dawns over Los Angeles. My friend, Orenthal, was in a bit of a pickle. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 