Ted Bundy: Falling for a Killer: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ted Bundy: Falling for a Killer 
 s1e3 - Gone Girls - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ted Bundy: Falling for a Killer (2020): Season 1, Episode 3 - Gone Girls - full transcript 
 1974-1977: More disappearances follow Ted to Utah where he is at law school. Elizabeth tumbles down the rabbit hole of doubt, wondering whether or not her boyfriend is the culprit. For a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There was a composite picture in the paper of the suspect. I looked at it over and over and over again. I was really gripped by fear. I couldn't let it go. So I took the picture and went down to my friend and showed her, and we both were kind of stunned by how much it looked like Ted. So she and I called the police anonymously from a telephone booth and asked them, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "Did he have a watch on his right arm?" Because Ted wore his watch on his right wrist. And they said, "Well, nobody's reported that." So we asked them, "Is the Volkswagen really bronze?" Because his car was very dull brown, and they said yes, it was bronze, so it was like, " that's not my Ted, then." After I took my friend home, I went over to Ted's house. And we laid on his floor and talked, and he was just Ted. I felt crazy, like, "Why would I even think this?" 'Cause I'd had four years with this man. I knew that he wasn't capable of doing these things. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And yet... It turns out that he was. It was some grouse hunters. They were hunting grouse in the area, and they found one of the skulls there. With the proximity to the Sammamish Park, I felt that it was definitely going to be something big. I had been a lifeguard at that state park for three years, and had lived very close to where the crime scene was, and so I knew that area extremely well. Both Ott and Naslund, the two women that were taken from Lake Sammamish, were found there. We had them on their hands and knees, shoulder to shoulder, going through weeds in the grass. With Janice Ott, we found her lower jawbone, so we knew that was her. And with Denise Naslund, we found her skull and her jawbone, so we knew that was her. We found four different femur bones. So who were the other two? We didn't know. We suspected that it might be Georgann Hawkins. But we had not other identifiable parts. Ted had moved to Utah. He was going to law school at the University of Utah. We were trying to have a long distance relationship. Even though I was still suspicious of him, I liked being around him because he was just his regular self and my fears would dissipate. I really wanted him to ask me to go with him, and it was really unclear about whether we were going to move together or not. And so things were just... they felt out of step. NewsWatch 2 at 6. I was a reporter at KUTV, the NBC station at that time. I was the first female television reporter there. Standby, here we go. I spent my life in Utah pushing into a male-dominated world. Let's see. I didn't focus on the fact that I was the only female out there. What am I saying? I loved my job more than life itself, and I just put my head down and did my job. Heavy snow landed on travellers in the Midwest. Got a couple of months with real heavy snowfall. We had a number of ball games today. This is Sandi Gilmour, NewsWatch 2. Barbara Grossman, NewsWatch 2, at the Salt Lake Hall of Justice. For a female to come out and have as visible of a job that I had and obviously wasn't Mormon, with the last name of Grossman, it was challenging. Our reporter Barbara Grossman has covered... When Senator Hubert Humphrey came to town there was a press conference, and I kept trying to ask my questions, and the male reporters there wouldn't let me interject my questions. And after a while Senator Humphrey stopped the press conference and said, "Gentlemen, I'm going to teach you a lesson, "and that is women have the same rights as men. "So you all need to sit down and let this young lady "ask her questions." I mean, I always knew in my heart I was equal, but boy, that gave me ammunition. Thank you very much Barbara. An update on Utah's drought picture. And we'll have the reasons why Utah's Humane Society director resigned. That's coming up. You know, there aren't a lot of big stories, especially back then, that happened in Salt Lake City. And then it was like, "" you know? "Here we are and girls are disappearing." It seemed to be like every Friday night. There was a pattern, and people were frightened. These girls being taken off the streets. A few weeks after Ted left Seattle for Utah, my friend went home to visit her parents and when I picked her up at the airport, the first thing she said when she got in the car was, "I don't want to scare you, but it's happening "down there in Utah." She heard on the car radio the Police Chief of Midvale's daughter had been missing and her body had been found by deer hunters and the abductions had stopped here. There were all these coincidences. It's like... I couldn't let it go. It scared me out of my wits. So the next day I called King County in Seattle, and the detective who answered the phone was really patient, because I told him in one of those big long stings of, I know I'm wrong, but I'm having these thoughts type sentences, and so he just listened. And I said, "Well, my boyfriend's name is Ted, "and he drives a Volkswagen," and the detective stopped me and he said, "You don't mean Theodore Robert Bundy, do you?" He said they'd already looked at him and just didn't think he looked like a good candidate. And he said, "Well, let's get together "and talk some more about this." And so I agreed to do that. And we went through the albums that I have of pictures of Ted, and he took a few. After I had met with him, I felt like, "Well, he's the pro. "He's gonna check it out, "and he'll give me the definitive answer." So I finally called him back and asked him if he'd had a chance to show those pictures to the witness. And it was like he just couldn't remember who I was. You know, I'd told him all about our sex life, and he just kind of... It's like, "Who is this again?" It's like... and to me it was like the main-- it was so significant. To him it was just like, "Who?" And then he said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." And he said they showed the pictures to the witness. She went through the pile, said this man was too old. We were still together long distance, and I just thought, you know, the police have checked him out. He's not their guy, so stop trying to convict your boyfriend is what I was telling myself. She was my secretary then, and so that's when I got to know Liz a lot better than before. Once in a while I would get those signs and little traces that she needed the little bit of sympathy and understanding. And I would take her into my office, which was next door. You say, "Are you all right? Are you feeling okay?" She went so quiet, and you could tell that she didn't want to talk and I sure didn't want to pry. And so... sad to watch it. I do have pretty good recollection; I was probably nine or ten, visiting with him in Utah. You know, he was going to law school and he had sent me home early. I was really upset with him, 'cause it was out of the blue. He said in a way that, you know, "I got something really important to do. "I really-- yeah, things are really tough right now." And so I dropped it. You know, I figured, well... it didn't matter what it was. It just upset me that, you know, "Shoot, man, "I was having a good time here with you," you know? I remember we were at the airport waiting to get on the plane; we were standing by ourselves over by a window, and I looked over at him, and he had this look on his face. He was looking one direction and I was looking at his profile and the side of him, you know, and... I don't think he saw me looking at him 'cause he... I can see this look on his face, and... he was horrified and disgusted about something. There was never any a time that he'd ever changed plans on me like that, so extremely. I think that he felt his urges coming on, knew he was about to go murder somebody, and he had enough responsible attitude to get me out of the picture so I wouldn't be... Yeah, involved with it. I grew up in Murray. My grandmother had a 25-acre farm. We just spent weekends down there, and she had a big garden, and it was just wonderful. We did dangerous things. We climbed up in silos that were really tall that we probably could have fallen off, and we went in caves, dirt caves that were in the back, down the hill from my grandmother's house. And I never worried about anyone ever harming us. I didn't really drive in high school. I had a older sister that drove us everywhere so it was really nice to have my own car. It was a '74 Camaro. It was maroon with a black top. The payments were something like 63 or 67 dollars a month. And I got the car, and I loved it. I thought it was beautiful. I was always washing it in their big long driveway, and I just... I just loved it. I had gotten off work, and decided I'd head over to the mall. It was dark, and kind of a drizzly night. I came up to a bookstore, and that's when a man approached me. I think he introduced himself as being a police officer, and his name was Officer Roseland. And he said, "Is your licence plate number..." and he read off my license plate number. I said, "Yes, that's my license plate number." And he said, "We caught someone trying to break into your car." He asked me if I could go out to the car with him and see if anything had been taken. We got out to my car and I opened the door and I could see nothing was missing. At that point I could kind of smell alcohol on his breath. I said, "Dp you have some kind of ID or something I can see?" I... just wasn't really sure about him. But he showed me some identification. I probably was trying to be nice. I was trying to do the right thing, and I was trying to be a good person, and he was an authority figure. He said they've taken him down to the police station. If you could come down and fill out this complaint against him, we have him. So I said I would. We walked over to his car, and it was a beat-up Volkswagen. Right when I was in the car, I knew I had made a mistake. Suddenly he just pulled the car over and it kind of went up on the side of the curb and that's when I started absolutely freaking out. I remember screaming at him, "What are you doing? "This isn't the police station. "What are you doing?" And he wasn't saying anything. He wasn't answering me, and I could tell he just changed. I remember him pulling out a gun and him saying to me, "I'll blow your head off." And I remember thinking, "Go ahead. "I'm... I'll die right here." I think back then you were told not to fight off your attacker. If you were being raped, if you tried to fight him off it'd make him mad. Just to, you know, let it happen. And I was angry at him for him thinking he could do something like that to me. And I remember thinking, "My parents are never gonna know what happened to me." I might've never been found. I just-- that was my feeling was to fight. And I just had to get away with all my strength. I opened the passenger side and just fell out onto the... to the street and he came out after me out the passenger side. I remember feeling a crowbar in his hand-- he was trying to hit me over the head with it-- and struggling for a while, and then a car came along. I ran out into the street and just threw open their door, and just jumped in on him. I really don't know how I got away. I was so small, and I just think I had this strength that just came from somewhere to get away from him. Debi was attending a play with her family at Viewmont High School on the night of November 8th, 1974. She left the play early to pick up her brother at an ice rink. Debi never got to her car. The hardest part, as Mrs. Kent says, is the heartache of not knowing. Bountiful was a very safe spot. I grew up in that area, and it was a great place to have a family. I had never stopped to think that something bad could happen to anyone that I knew. I was teaching Dance, English. I was involved with all of the extracurricular activities. We were doing a musical production of The Redhead and I was helping the kids in the dressing rooms, then I would run out and take care of the ticket office. And just right inside of the front doors to the auditorium, I noticed a man standing over against what was the office at that time, out of place for Bountiful, very well-dressed. He came out into the middle of the hall and he said, "Has anybody ever told you you have beautiful eyes?" I remember he put his hand up and he said, "I need somebody to come out and identify this car. "Have you got just a second?" His eye contact made me very uncomfortable, and I had never been in the presence of anyone that made me feel that way before. And I said, "If you need some help I will go get some boys or some men to come and help you." And he said, "No, no, no. Don't need that." And, um, left. And when I got back to the dressing room our vice principal was at the back of the stage, and I said, "There's a guy standing out here. "Something's a little bit fishy. Don't know what it is." And he said, "I'll check it out and see if he needs something." I said, "I'd appreciate that." And later when I was sitting in the auditorium and he came back in, and when I saw this little girl get up and exit, well, all of a sudden he stood up and walked out. I never put the two together. The story I remember the most and the one that-- I hope I can keep my composure-- is the mom, Belva Kent. She turned the porch light on that night, and every night, hoping to bring her daughter back home. Those are the things that... That's just one family. Think about all the other families he ripped apart. Nighttime at the Kents' home in Bountiful, this front porch light burns for Debi. Mrs. Kent vowed when her daughter disappeared, "I'll turn the light off only when Debi comes home." Michael Rawson, NewsWatch 2, Bountiful. Because the situation with me ended the way it did that night... a little girl was murdered. And every day of my life for at least the next 20 years, I felt such guilt. If I had just done it a little bit differently, Debi Kent would still be here. I don't think you get over that. On January 12th, 1975, Caryn Campbell disappeared from the Wildwood Inn. Earlier that Saturday evening, Caryn Campbell sat with her fiance, Dr. Raymond Gadowski, in front of a fire in the lobby of the Wildwood Inn. About 8 o'clock in the evening she caught the elevator to the lobby to the second floor. That was the last time Gadowski saw her alive. I concluded that someone had approached her with some ruse, and she went with them peacefully. She vanished, and, um... we didn't find her until February. Caryn was laying there totally nude. She had been... she had been brutally beaten, raped, and left on the Owl Creek Road. We didn't have anything except a dead body. No evidence and no leads. The deputy district attorney came out, he says, "You may never find out who did this." The word is that both you and Seattle police are proceeding on the assumption that there are more bodies out here, that perhaps maybe even all of the girls might be here. We keep finding more and more every day. You get in that woods and you just don't know what's in there. It's so thick and it's so overgrown with bushes that you could find anything, you know, a couple hours from now or five minutes from now. It doesn't matter. Radio check. I was not allowed to go to Taylor Mountain. I was told that because I was a girl I was not used to the rough terrain. And I was a backpacker and a hiker and a Girl Scout. I wanted to make sure that if it was Susan Rancourt that I saw her. I have always... carried the guilt that I couldn't have done more. When my sister disappeared, my parents worked very hard, because there was a long time where we did not know what had happened to her, and they hired detectives and put rewards, and my mother really threw herself into anything she could do to try to figure out what happened. You know, it was... it was hard for us to even talk about her. To bring her up caused so much pain for my mother that... ...it's almost like we had to forget her completely. You... you can't remember the good times because that causes pain. So you forget. So my family lost not only my sister, we lost memories, because we couldn't share that because it was too painful, so there was a hole. There was a hole bigger than the loss of my sister; it was the hole of the happy times of my family. Up on Taylor Mountain, Lynda Ann Healy, Susan Elaine Rancourt, Roberta Kathleen Parks, and Brenda Ball. And then previously in September we identified Janice Ott and Denise Naslund. So there are six people definitely identified. I was just going to the downtown library doing research in the newspaper reading room and reading the Salt Lake Tribune, and I was stunned to find out that there... there had been an abduction where the woman got away, and the perpetrator had been driving a brown Volkswagen. Well, that was my worst fear come true. So I just fell apart. I was borderline hysterical. Called my bishop; I'd gone back to church at that time. I was looking for something, some kind of spiritual peace, and he said, "Well you're gonna have to talk to the police "and just tell them that you're continuing to be "worried about your friend." So I called Salt Lake and I talked to a detective, and he asked me, "Well, why are you calling now?" He said, "We've already checked him out." And he's just grilling me about "We've already looked at him. "He's not a good candidate." So I was just like mortified when I got off the phone. I had spent a sleepless night, and my dad had some contacts on police forces in Utah. I felt like as a man he would be taken more seriously than I had been taken. And... he declined to get involved. He said, "If you're wrong, you're gonna ruin Ted's career." And I said, "Okay," and we hung up, and we never talked about it again. And I think as a parent, I've thought about this and I thought, "God, if it was my kid that called with this crazy talk, "I'd be calling her the next day "to ask her what the hell's going on, to follow up." But not my dad. I think that my dad completely discounted what I was thinking. I mean, he so liked Ted, as we all did. I feel, in hindsight, that he chose Ted, and not his daughter. It was just traumatic. The key that happens is when Ted Bundy is driving through a Salt Lake subdivision and a cop who works in that area didn't recognize the car, and thought, "Well, that's peculiar," and he was pulled over. And he sees handcuffs, a ski mask, pantyhose with an eye and nose hole cut out, an ice pick, rope, and garbage bags. I ran into Ted's former landlady in Seattle, and she told me the funniest thing happened. She said a woman detective came around and was asking questions about Ted. And by this time I thought Ted had been cleared, so the bottom just fell out of my stomach. The next day I called the police and I said, "Well, could I speak to the woman detective?" And she said, "Can you come down here?" And so I left work immediately and went down to the police station. When I first met Liz she was concerned, afraid, an anxious woman who needed to know the truth. Because I was working sex crimes, I could see that it was a very difficult situation. She was talking to the police about her boyfriend, about somebody she thought she loved, someone that she thought she was gonna spend her life with. She was more empathetic about how torn I felt. She seemed to understand why I was still so conflicted and couldn't really stick with one viewpoint for very long. Well, it takes a great amount of courage for anybody to turn in someone whom they're involved with, because what if they're wrong? She knew that her relationship with Ted would change forever if she reported him. She started the interview by saying, "Did you know that Ted was arrested in Salt Lake City?" And I said, "No." And she said, "Do you want to see a picture of what was in his car?" Everything was laid out on a flat surface, and there was a rope and handcuffs and ski masks and pantyhose with eyeholes cut in them. I mean, it was so far out of the realm of anything that had ever happened to me. Like, my boyfriend could be killing people? I did see that she was struggling with trying to conceptualize what was happening. Was her boyfriend a killer, or was he just in a series of circumstances that were coincidences? She just had to take it in and really understand that her boyfriend was not the man she knew. I don't remember who I talked to, maybe it was a law official, said that they had a suspect; they had caught this person with all these things in his car-- an ice pick, a crowbar. I didn't know if I could really identify him from a picture, but I knew if I could just see him in person I would know him. He walked right out with all the other guys that were in the lineup-- I knew it was him. I could tell from his mannerisms and his walk, and then when he turned around and faced me I knew it was him immediately. That the first personal identification. We had some guy out there named Ted who was doing all these things, but nobody identified him, but she could identify him in this line. My secretary came in and said that there was a phone call from Salt Lake City Police Department. They almost immediately said, did I know Ted Bundy? Did I know Ted Bundy? And I don't even know that I answered the question. I think it just so clearly dawned on me that Ted Bundy was the Ted that we'd been looking for. And it was as though an explosion went off. Um... I just knew it. You just knew it. How could you miss it? How could you not be aware of it? Here's Ted Bundy. And it had to be the same Ted Bundy. How would you feel if you had hired him, you had done a psychological profile, you'd worked with the police all this time, and it turns out to be this person? How would you feel? You would feel like a fool. To be so involved in that case and then have it be somebody that you knew. And what makes me so angry at him is that he did not do one positive thing for this world, and he killed so many young women who would have. Detective Thompson called me from Salt Lake City, and he said something like, "Get ready. "We're gonna arrest Ted for attempted kidnapping." And I just immediately fell apart because it was like my worst fear come true. Even though I'd had all of these conversations with the police, I was still hoping that it wasn't true, and that something, somehow, would... would prove that. I was still going back and forth constantly. "This can't be true." "He's innocent." And yet here he was, going to be arrested. It's kind of like I froze. It felt like the bottom of my stomach fell out. And... I just had to tell Molly. I remember my mom picked me up at my friend's house and took me to this nearby park and told me that now he was being suspected of attempted kidnapping. And... And that mystified me too. It just made no sense. And I had such grief about it. It was so terrible to see him accused of these things, and I thought it was a terrible mistake. She loved Ted. She was really upset. It was horrible. So he started writing letters right away when he was in jail in Salt Lake, and asking me if I would stand by him. And he talked about me and my daughter being the best thing that ever happened to him, and that's what he really missed. I felt like he was manipulating me. I wanted to say goodbye, but I didn't really want to say goodbye. I thought we were just locked together, and it was very painful for me. Okay, this is from October 25th... 1975. It's from the Salt Lake City jail. "What can I say except I love you. "What can I do except want to touch and hold you? "What could I hope for except to hope that someday "we can be together forever? "I love you more and more forever and forever. "This I know is true. "God love you and be with you. It's just so intense, and I... I share those... I shared those feelings at that time with him, so it just made my heart... it just felt this heart connection. I was in and out of denial. There's all these coincidences, and then I would think, "No, remember these good times we've had. "We know who he is; he's not this person." So I was drinking a lot to shut my mind up. We had a relationship with Liz so that we could call her. We tasked her with finding documents and records and things, and also she was providing us with information. So she would call us; we would call her. We had a very... very cordial, almost collaborative relationship, but we also recognized that this was a very stressful thing for her because she was still in contact with Ted and still in some ways considered herself to be his girlfriend. I started to see a psychiatrist and he said, "As long as you're talking to Ted "and you're seeing and dealing with the police, "you're gonna have this mass confusion in your head, "so you're gonna have to like just stop contact." And so I told Kathy that I wasn't gonna be interacting with the police anymore. Ted was on the phone all the time. All the time. And the realization came to me, she's Ted's girl, and she probably will always be Ted's girl. All of those years of this passionate love between them, that's why she hung on. After seeing what happened to her I could never at any point ever blame her. It was Ted's parents who bailed him out of jail. He had written an open letter, which was published in the press, thanking his many supporters, and there were many of them who came to his defence. He showed up at our house when he was out on bail and he said, "You know, Monkey, "if there's anything at all "you'd like to know about the charges against me, "you can ask me. "I'd be more than happy to talk with you about it." And I said... "Okay, did you do it?" And he laughed it off. "No, you know I didn't. Of course I didn't do it." What did you think when he said that? That he didn't do it? I wanted to believe that. You kind of recommitted to him in a sense, didn't you? I did. Why did you do that? I can't explain it. I, um... I mean, I just looked in his face and I felt like, "This man is not a killer. "There's no way this can be true. "This is... this is the Ted I've known for so many years." And I did a complete flip where I said, "Well, I love this man. "As long as I can, I'm gonna be with him." And we were. When he was out on bail, we were together. There are always people that don't understand why people stay in relationships that aren't healthy. I think that it's very unfair of people to judge why somebody does that or doesn't do it. It might not seem logical to most people but a lot of it has to do with hope, that people hope to the very end that their loved one isn't the person that's done the bad thing. I remember I was sent over to the courthouse to cover this. We knew that we were involved in something huge, but we all couldn't wrap our heads around it. We were all just... "Really? "It could be this guy doing that stuff?" We were afraid that they would call me as a witness, so I stayed in Seattle. Then he called me and said, "I want you here," so I flew down there. I felt like everybody in the courtroom was... had stopped breathing. I mean, the parents of some of the abducted women were there. Ted was nervous. I mean, it was just a real... Waiting for the judge to come in was just agonizing. I remember being on the witness stand for hours, um... being questioned by his attorneys trying to say that I didn't have the right man, of course, and how did I know that he was the right man? That I was mistaken. Bundy, he was down there sitting with a smirk on his face, always really arrogant, kind of laughing when I'd answer the questions. You know, we have our theories as to how it happened and why she did make an identification, but... but I don't conclude that it was because she got a good look at her abductor and was able to remember him. I don't think that happened. I remember a woman in the neighbourhood that I'd grown up in, running into her and she said, "Carol are you sure you have the right man?" And I said, "Yes, I do." And she had daughters. And I just... It was just really hard to deal with. There was a lot of people that just couldn't believe that he could do something like that. There was a... kind of a culture of disbelief. There were definitely people that thought that he was being railroaded. When he was brought into court that morning and I found myself for a brief moment saying to the guys who were yelling to him, "Ted, how many girls did you kill? "What'd you do with the bodies?" For a brief moment I found myself saying, "Hey, guys, innocent until proven guilty." Ted Bundy wasn't a Charles Manson type person. He was the guy next door. He was the guy you'd meet up at the University of Utah and have coffee with, and, you know, be intrigued by him. And at that moment I realized how so many girls went with him, and that scared me. In a Salt Lake City trial, Bundy was convicted of trying to kidnap Carol DaRonch from a shopping centre in Murray. She managed to escape from his Volkswagen and testified against him at the trial. There was quite a stir in the courtroom, and immediately the guards came and handcuffed Ted. I rushed up and gave him a hug, but by this time he was already in handcuffs. He couldn't hug me back. He just felt hot and sweaty. It was incredibly emotional. I felt like this has been a terrible travesty of justice, that this should not be happening. I got very, very, very drunk at the airport on the way back from his trial. Um, in fact, I got in a fight with a woman at the airport bar. When I got home I didn't go back to work because I was just too, too upset, and I just could drink 24/7. The Salt Lake cops who had searched Bundy's apartment, one of the things the cops found was Bundy's credit card receipts. And when they ran those credit card receipts, they found that the killing of Caryn Campbell near Aspen, Bundy had purchase gas at the same time. Bundy would drive, two, three, four hundred miles, leaving a trail of gas receipts to be detected later on. I looked at them. When I saw the very first card on top, it was, "There it is." The credit cards showed us a real pattern on his driving. This has really given me something to definitively be able to get him in or out of this case. And it put him in it. Theodore Bundy is in Colorado tonight, where he will stand trial for first-degree murder. Bundy is accused of killing Caryn Campbell of Dearborn, Michigan. She was vacationing in Aspen at the time of her death in 1974. We drove up to Glenwood Springs to interview Ted. And halfway up, we called the station to check in and my news director said, "Ted just called, he wants to cancel the interview." And we were, I don't know where we were. So I... went to a payphone, called Ted at the jail. I said, "Ted, we're halfway up here, you can't..." "Okay, come on up." Come on guys. We knew we had a scoop. I mean, he did not let anyone else interview him, so that was a big deal. He had been in the Utah State Prison for the kidnapping of Carol DaRonch so he went from this highly guarded prison to this country jail. I mean, if you look at the footage and see what it was like... We were shocked. We were shocked. First of all, I guess I should just ask, "How are you doing up here?" That's a... That's a short question deserving a long answer. I'm doing well. I feel good. And... working hard on my case. There were so many different personalities that I saw. The winking, and being the charismatic Ted, and, you know, "Be on my side," and "I'm not the Bundy Monster that everyone's saying I am." I knew what he was trying to do. He was trying to work me. There's always one thing that amazed me-- as you know, I covered your trial; when the judge found you guilty of second-degree kidnapping, - you never showed any emotion. - Yeah. For somebody who believes he is so innocent, why was there no emotion? People say, "Ted Bundy didn't show any emotion. "There must be something in there." I showed emotion. You know what people said? "See, he really can get violent and angry." I look back on that interview, which was 40 years ago, and I'm a little angry at myself, because I find myself smiling at him, and I was doing that to try to get into his graces to try to get some information out. The little bit that I did push and he started pounding his chest, said, "I'm not the Bundy Monster." I mean, that's how defensive he was. When we left I knew it was empty, but we'd still gotten the interview. Convicted kidnapper Ted Bundy is in Aspen, arguing a motion relating to a first-degree murder trial. The former University of Utah law student is defending himself on charges he killed... We had a very attentive clerk of the court. She came to us and she said, "He's gonna go escape, "and I know how he's gonna do it." Bundy would always approach her about doing Xerox, and the Xerox was located in front of a window, and he would always look up and down the back of the courthouse. We went right to the Sheriff's Office with it and we've told them about it. This is the plan, and he's got to be watched. He's going to go. During a recess in the hearing Bundy was allowed to go to the law library at the rear of the courtroom on the second floor of the Pitkin County Courthouse. There, the unwatched, uncuffed Bundy went to the window and leapt two storeys to freedom. They just weren't doing their job. Bundy came here Wednesday after spending a miserable night in the rain. Then last night, Bundy said he walked into Aspen, took this car, which was unlocked and had the keys in the ignition. That's when Bundy was apprehended. - Hi, Ted. - How ya doin'? Good. How are you? I'm here. I was at my parents' house for the holidays in Utah, and Ted called me. And the first thing I said to him, I said, "I've asked you not to call me here "because it just causes difficulty," because my parents didn't like the fact that I was still interacting with him. And he said, "Well, I just needed to call you "and tell you I love you and goodbye." And I said, "How many times "have we done this with each other?" So I had no idea that he was gonna leave and escape. Bundy was being held here in the Garfield County Jail. The former law student ripped out a light fixture and then manoeuvred himself up through a 12-inch by 12-inch hole in the ceiling. Detective Keppel called me and told me that Ted was gone, and told me if I hear from him, I'm obligated to call the detectives, and he's dangerous. Ground units, helicopters, and dogs have been searching for Bundy. Roadblocks have been set up around the town of Glenwood Springs, and an all-points bulletin has been issued. I was mostly afraid that he was gonna come back and think that I was gonna help him remain free, which I couldn't do, because that would put me in jeopardy. I felt very vulnerable. What if I refuse to help him? Will he kill me? Will he kill my daughter? I was starting to feel afraid. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 