Instinct: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Instinct 
 s2e1 - Stay Gold - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Instinct (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Stay Gold - full transcript 
 Dylan and Lizzie investigate the murder of a successful businesswoman who attempted to prolong the lifespan of humans. Also, Dylan and Andy look to continue their adoption search, and ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Instinct. My name is professor Dylan Reinhart. Welcome to Intro to Psychopath. Detective Elizabeth Needham, NYPD. You're not just some boring old professor. You're CIA? Retired. Welcome to the team, Mr. Reinhart. What, you can't access sealed documents? That's why they're sealed. - That's why I have friends. - Don't tell me you need Intel, and the NYPD is slowing you down. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 As their dads. - Just in case. - If I were to call, what would I call you? Julian. Was the evidence in that live-streaming case properly obtained? You should not punish Lizzie for my mistake. You should fire me. Jogger found her. Whoever did this took the time to make her look comfortable. Right after he bashed her head in. Maybe he staged it this way to throw us off. Or maybe they murdered her and felt guilty after. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Killer's remorse. Killer's remorse? Don't get all intellecty on me. "Intellecty"? What are you, Dr. Dylan Reinhart? While there are five major psychiatric disorders, I think there should be a sixth: Happiness. Happiness is statistically abnormal. Think about it, do you know more happy people or unhappy? And what the hell is happiness anyway? What makes me happy may not make you happy. Hello? Hello? Who's there? Who's out there? I-I can't open this. Help me! Please, someone. It won't open. Help me! Please! Dear old Epicurus may have defined happiness as the supreme good, but he also cautioned his followers that being happy ain't easy. Spoiler alert, life often sucks. Like you getting suspended from the police department? Happens to the best of us. You know, we have people to take crime scene photos. What are you thinking? Hey! Stop! Look out! Watch it! This would've been so much easier if you'd just stayed put. Happiness means different things to different people. Take narcissists. Go ahead, take them. Ha ha. Narcissists' self-esteem is based on being better than you. So if you fail, they're happy. Do we have any narcissists in this room? Come on. I know you're out there. More than six percent of the population have Narcissistic Personality Disorder. Jenny. Stand up. If you promise to speak honestly with me, I will let you choose your grade for this semester. Sound good? Deal. Okay. So you can either have a B-plus and everybody else gets an A, or you can have a B-minus, and everybody else gets a C. If I take the B-plus, I'll have the lowest grade in the class? But it's still a B-plus. Or you could have a B-minus, and all these slackers get a C. Take the B-plus! B-minus, all the way. Ha ha. Congratulations, Jenny, you are now top of the class, and subjectively happy. See you Thursday. Thank you all very much. There you are. Way to go, Needham. I'll take it from here. - Couldn't have done it without you. - Sergeant Harris. Sarge, what's going on? Another body. Up there. And across the street from our first victim. Looks like we've caught a not-so-remorseful spree killer. Come on. You're going to jail. I'm here to see Detective Needham. Thank you. No way, Reinhart. You know the rules. Lieutenant Gooden forbade you from all crime scenes. I know. Nice to see you, too. Professor Psychopath. You can't be here, Lou's orders. That's what I told him. He doesn't listen very well. - I'll get rid of him. - Here you go, Sarge. You coming? You're gonna get me into trouble. Vic is Justine Crowley, 32, a Steve Jobs-level genius who believed human immortality is achievable. Perhaps motivated by death anxiety, a fear of death, sometimes called thanatophobia, not to be confused with necrophobia, which is a fear of others who are dead or dying. What do you call a fear of dying from boredom? Um, thaasophobia. The vic started this business to help people live longer. Media called her Robo Boss. Apparently she remained emotionally disconnected from her employees and pretty much everyone. So you two have something in common. Her husband saw the machine was on when he arrived this morning, with a meditation stick locking her in. He opened it and found the vic inside. A cryotherapy chamber. Some believe it's the fountain of youth. A fountain that spits out nitrogen vapor at 200 degrees below Fahrenheit, engulfing whoever's inside. On the plus side, you'll look super. Maximum time is three minutes. We don't know yet how long she was in there. Possibly hours. Hey, hey. You don't have gloves on. We're processing the entire staff, including her husband. Good, because whoever did this clearly knew her. I'd say an inside job. Right. You follow your theories, and I'll stick to the facts. This was not a quick, painless death. Her heart rate increased, violent shivering, disorientation, frostbite. Whoever did this was angry at her. Very angry. While she looks like that, the other victim in the photograph you sent me was carefully laid out. The same mind could not have executed both killings. Their proximity is a coincidence, which means there is no spree killer, and the Upper East Side is safe. So, lunch? This gentleman set up Vim's security system. What is Reinhart still doing here? He won't leave. Sergeant Harris, aren't you just a little happy - to see me? - Detective Needham. Ian Bridgecroft, Bridgecroft Security. You set up the system here? Yeah. I don't know how this could happen. My system is airtight, with triple redundancies. Aside from the Crowleys, your staff and the employees here at Vim, is there anyone else who would know how to bypass your system? I created the system so that couldn't happen. Everyone who has access is given their own personal code. - Okay. - But I have my staff double-checking everything. Okay. We'll be in touch. - Okay. - Thanks. Looks like an inside job. This is where you say you were right, because you're always right, because you're Dr. Dylan Reinhart. Hello? Only a sadistic killer would trap a woman in her own cryo chamber so she freezes to death. But sadistic killers like to watch their terrified victim's reactions. It arouses them, makes them feel godlike. This murderer couldn't see her die. So what does that tell you? I'm not sure. But one killing is never enough for a sadistic murderer. Whoever did this will kill again. Two women, both early 30s, found across the street from each other, on the same morning. And you're telling me they're not connected? I don't believe so, no. Road Runner's alibi checked out. He took off because he broke parole, was afraid that you might arrest him. See, that's why I didn't sprint. 'Cause I felt he was clean, in here. I'm surprised you can feel anything in there with all that fried food you eat. Fucci, you take the sleeping victim - in the park case. - All right. On it. Gonna call the vic Rip Van Winkle. No, you're not. Lizzie, you stick to the frozen vic. We're talking to everyone who had access to... Who's "we"? It's a figure of speech. Um,  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 