Instinct: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Instinct 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Instinct (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 A retired CIA agent is asked to help a homicide detective. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Rock ♪ Freeze ♪ Rock... WOMAN: Looking good, Dino. ♪ Rock (speaking indistinctly) ♪ Freeze... MAN: What's up, Dino? What's up, man? ♪ Higher, baby WOMAN 2: Hey, Dino. I'm going to the restroom. Be right back. ♪ Get higher, baby 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ And don't ever come down... ♪ Freebase! ♪ (low, indistinct chatter) Pulp. Pulp? What the hell is pulp? Find out. In here. (sniffs) Who are you supposed to be? Michael Caine. Who? Guess you've never seen Dressed to Kill. Sorry, I don't do needles. This doesn't go into your vein. It's like a B12 shot, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 only much, much better. (gasps, shudders) (exhales) How much? First one's on me. (sighing) (choking) I'm not much for religion, Dino... (high-pitched grunt) ...but I do like what the Bible says about right and wrong. You're a sinner. Get ready. This is going to sting. ♪ Welcome to Abnormal Behavioral Analysis, more commonly referred to as Intro to Psychopaths. My name is Professor Dylan Reinhart, and, yes, my mother was a huge Bob Dylan fan. (laughter) Okay. Can I have a volunteer? Uh... you, the scared-looking one. Yes, you. Come on up here. Now! ♪ (bell tolling) Excuse me. Smiley face emoji. What's your name? Edward. Okay, Edward, I will give you an "A" in this course if you punch me as hard as you can in my stomach. Come on. What if I was to tell Edward I would fail him if he didn't punch me? Would that change anything? STUDENTS: No. No? Well, what if I was to give Edward this bag... filled with a million dollars... and said he could keep it if he hits me. What would he do now? Smack him. If he doesn't do it, I will. (laughter) Exactly. So what does this tell us about human behavior, huh? It's context-driven. Meaning, depending on the circumstances, we can be motivated to do almost anything. And I have just offered Edward a million new circumstances. Come on, Edward, you know you wanna. (chuckles) Normal behavior, therefore, is when we collectively decide that the circumstances justify the behavior. Abnormal behavior is when we don't. But can we really judge behavior simply on the behavior itself? Aren't we all... capable of behaving abnormally? (gasping) Welcome to Abnormal Behavior. STUDENT: Wow. While I may not be up on all the laws in Pennsylvania, I'm pretty sure punching a student isn't legal. That student isn't in my class. He's a drama major. And I didn't touch him. It was a performance to prove a point. Given that you're a detective, you should have figured that out. How did... Oh, come on. The "I don't care how I look" pantsuit, the humdrum flats, the almost total absence of makeup, and the slight dip in your posture favoring your right side, probably due to the SIG P226 holstered to your hip. ♪ Detective Elizabeth Needham, NYPD. You look different from your picture. What picture? The one in People magazine from a couple of years ago. Being one of their 25 Most Intriguing People. Uh-huh. Must have Photoshopped it. A lot. I'd like to talk with you. Well, I need lunch and I have a meeting, so how about tomorrow? I think someone may want to kill you, so you tell me. So, Dr. Dylan Reinhart. Penn undergrad. PhD in psychology, Stanford. Three-year research fellowship, University of Cambridge. Then another PhD, this time from MIT, statistics. Taught at the American University in Cairo... (groans) Does my looking into your background bother you? What bothers me is that you haven't yet said who wants to kill me. Dino Moretti, a 22-year-old, was found dead in a nightclub in the Meatpacking District from a massive heart attack and all the telltale signs of a drug OD. "Self-inflicted" may have been the report were it not for a playing card by his foot. The jack of diamonds. We have no leads, no witnesses, and, while it may be a random killing, I have a feeling there'll be more murders. Which is why I'm here. Before Dino died, the killer sent your book to the Homicide Division. As the famous expert on criminal psychopathology, I was hoping you might have some ideas. Don't they call you Professor Psychopath? While I may have a fascination with psychopaths, it does not mean I am one. Judging by the way you eat your pizza, I'm not so sure. Using a fork and knife slows the process down and allows you to focus more on the pizza itself. I have no problem focusing on pizza. You should try it sometime. Mm-hmm, sure, right after I catch whoever killed this kid. Inside of your book, there was also a bookmark. Ah, the Master of High Knowledge Card. In cartomancy the king of clubs is said to be one who has great power but one who is not aware of this. Your bestselling criminal theory book is about playing cards. This killer is using them. (chuckles) My book is not about playing cards. Gambling was the central motif. The compulsion for risk versus the need for control, two competing ideas which serial killers and psychopaths share with us all. Mm. When did my book and this arrive? We got your book the day before Dino was killed. So the king of clubs arrives the day before the kid's killed, and the jack of diamonds is left at the kid's feet at the scene of the crime? Mm-hmm. I think you may be right. I think the killer is trying to talk back to my book. Or to me. We're hoping your expertise can help us figure out who the killer is and how your book connects before anyone else gets hurt, including you. I'm meeting this afternoon with the victim's father, Aldo Moretti. Restauranteur? Yes. If you'd like to join me... I'm sorry. I have a meeting with my editor about my next book. (chuckles) Right. Those who can't do. Professor. Hey, uh... maybe you can write a book about it while the next victim gets killed. Oh, that thing about not hitting the student, that stays between us. ♪ (revs engine) You look fat. Nice to see you, too. And this is flat. Very theoretical. I am discussing theories. And I am falling asleep. Where's the pizzazz? Where's the heart? You know, your last book was alive. You made being a freak cool. You could still be the next Malcolm Gladwell. But fatter. You used to be a man of action, and... now I guess you're just... tweed jacket guy. (laughs): I mean, come on, you need to take a break from teaching. You need to focus on getting yourself and this book into better shape, because I need Dangerous Dylan back. I need Sexy Dylan. Look, bring this guy back. The guy who wrote Freaks was hot. It's funny you should say that. A cop came to my class today. A kid was killed, and, uh, the killer sent my book as a clue. She wants my help. That's great news! Not the "dead kid" part... The part where you're gonna do something to help get your mojo back. My mojo retired to Boca. When you finished that first book... you had just left your other life. And I don't think that kind of mojo goes away after just three years. I think it's still there in you. And if you lose a little weight, you might find it. You know I made a promise. I know you signed a two-book deal, which is technically more binding than a spousal promise. Try telling Andy that. Andy doesn't not want you doing what you're born to do. What kind of life, or book, is that? LIZZIE: Mr. Moretti, was your son dealing? Dino didn't deal. Okay. He is... was a bright kid. Straight As. And is there anybody that you can think of who may have held a grudge? No. Everyone loved Dino. Well, not everyone. Mr. Moretti, this is Dr. Reinhart. He's... ...working with me on the case. Dr. Reinhart, do you think my son was murdered? Mr. Moretti. We're considering all possibilities as we await the toxicology report. Mr. Moretti, I don't know if your son knew the killer, but I am certain the killer knew your son. (grunts) We're not sure there is a killer, or that he knew your son. Detective Needham and I agree to disagree. Mr. Moretti, am I right in assuming your son didn't just patronize White Lines, but many other clubs? All the clubs courted Dino. He was treated like royalty. All over the city. LIZZIE: From now on, you don't float your theories to anyone but me. Got it? Anyone tell you you're bossy? I'm not bossy, I'm your boss. You can't tell a grieving father you're certain of something if you're not. Moretti said Dino was like royalty in the clubs. The king of clubs. That playing card the killer sent in my book was a clue as to who's next on his list. The jack of diamonds is, too. He's our next victim. Now we just have to figure out who the jack is. I... It's okay. You don't have to admit I was right. By the way, Moretti's never heard of your book. His loss; hope you told him so. I never read it either. My boss made me reach out to you. Expect a signed copy for Christmas. Can't wait. I'm gonna get a list of everyone who went into the club the night Dino was killed. Maybe it'll point us to who the jack is before the killer gets to him. Where's your partner? Aren't you supposed to have a partner? I have a bad history with partners. Meaning...? The last one nearly lost a tooth after he tried to stick his tongue down my throat. What made you change your mind and show up? If I told you that, I wouldn't be intriguing. (cheering) Hey, Dylan. Hello, Candice. Take one of these. Thank you. Aloha. Hawaiian night? You quit a corporate law firm to open your own bar for Hawaiian night? It's the, it's the big college bowl game in Honolulu. Whatever. The place is packed. Shut up. So it is. What do I know? You okay? Yeah. How was your day? Oh, you know. Humdrum life of academia. (laughs) Do you think of me as a professor? Yeah. Well, that-that is what you do. That is not what I asked. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. Do not have an existential crisis on Hawaiian night. (laughing): I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. But do you think I've put on weight? Everyone puts on weight after they get married. You haven't. We've been married less than a year. Give me time. What's really going on? Nothing, nothing. Joan hates my new book. She thinks it's flat and heartless. Oof. I'm sorry. (chuckles) Double Dark and Stormy coming up. (exhales) (phone buzzes) (siren whooping) Thank you. Follow me, and it's pretty bad. You have to really dislike someone to stab them this many times. John Condon. His wife found him about 30 minutes ago. Says she was having drinks with friends. Condon ran a Ponzi scheme. Some business based on a spiritual quest. I think the name of his company was... Hourglass. And he is definitely our jack of diamonds. Based on what? Oh, may I? Please. When two diamonds are placed together to form a shape of an hourglass, the resulting symbol can be identified as a depiction of enlightenment and ultimate truth. Though it would seem Condon's spiritual quest was money. Oh. And his friends called him Jack. So you were right. The killer is announcing who his next victim is with each card. Mm-hmm. He sends us a clue about Dino with a king, leaves a clue about Condon with a jack, and now a clue with a two of hearts about who's next. And we get to unravel the mystery. Figure out the rules of his game. ♪ Being called in front of the mayor, especially this mayor, not exactly on my day's bucket list. I know and I apologize, Lieutenant Gooden. (scoffs) Seriously? Youngest lieutenant in the department's history? Jasmine. Okay, Jas. Despite my promotion, we're friends, first. At least, you know, when we're alone. Speaking of which, where is Professor Psycho? Dr. Reinhart should be here any minute. You sure you can handle this case? I can give you a list of the ways I'm sure. Yeah, and I can give you a list of all the guys you refuse to partner with: Sumner, Miller, Gomez... Uh, lazy, stupid, smug. Is it possible that it's you? Lizzie, you know, this isn't a detective buffet. You don't get to pick the partner you want. You know my heart breaks for you. You've had a big setback, but if you can't bounce back in your personal life, you got to do it here. Oh. Lieutenant Gooden, Dr. Dylan Reinhart. Pleasure. JASMINE: Oh, here we go. REPORTER: One more question, please, before you go... Don't speak unless spoken to. Dr. Reinhart. Madam Mayor. Let me tell you there will not be a serial killer in my city. Detective Needham and I were just saying the same thing. Wait. What? Is this like if we say it often enough it will be true? (laughing): Because... there is a serial killer in your city. Dr. Reinhart, I'm a big fan of your work and your belief in the power of symbols. Now, given the killer's copycat use of the playing card, which is the structure of your book... Motif. I know you can help us solve this case, protect the innocent, and catch this butcher. Well, nothing would please me more. And, uh, I know that Lizzie, um, D-Detective Needham and I will, uh, get him. Right, Lizzie? Detective, at a loss for words? Uh... Madam Mayor, the tox confirmed the club kid OD'd on whatever the killer gave him, but the track mark in his arm wasn't in a vein. The medical examiner said that other then the needle mark in Dino's arm, the only unusual thing he found was a minor contusion in his left eye. Now, we're checking to see if... Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Wait a minute. The eye... An eye for an eye. I'm not following. Revenge. We should check Dino's eye to see if that's how the OD was administered. We are going to do that. Uh, when heroin addicts run out of veins, they sometimes inject the needle into their eye for a hit. So if the suspect killed Dino for revenge and also Condon for revenge... Then we have a possible motive that connects both murders and we're one step closer to solving the case and not having a serial killer in your city. Have the M.E. check his eye. And all of you, just keep your mouths shut. Yes, Your Honor. Lizzie, go do what you do. What is it about floating theories you don't understand? Oh, boy. (sighs) Uh, Detective, where are we going? Hey. Hey. If we're gonna work together, I would like to have a gun. Uh, the kid's eye contusion was caused by an injection into the soft tissue of the eye socket. And this dude... ...died from multiple stab wounds. How many? Way too many to count. Oh, yes, because counting can get exhausting. 352. That's how many dimples there are in a Titleist Pro V-1 golf ball. 4,608... that's the number of words in the U.S. Constitution. Seven and a half million... That's how many Americans are currently out of work. Care to add one to that number? (sighs) I'll call you when I'm done. We'll wait. So, what is it with all these facts? You're like a walking Wikipedia. I can't help it. I have a phonographic memory. You mean "photographic." No, no. When I read something, it stays in my mind, but I don't see it, I h-hear it. Huh. Growing up I was a prodigy on the piano. Chopin, Mozart. If I heard it once, I could play it or sing it. I have perfect pitch. I can tell if you blow your nose in "G," or the wind whistles in "D." Uh, hmm. I didn't have too many friends. No. You still play? Not so much. Why did you stop? 52 stab wounds. 52, like a deck of cards. He's deliberate, brutal... fascinating. And he has 49 cards left in his deck. That's 49 more bodies and a lot more carnage if we're not careful. Every worthwhile serial killer has a nickname. (sniffs) You okay if we call our guy the Dealer? NEEDHAM: I couldn't care less what we call him, as long as we catch him before he gets to the two of hearts. (grunts) So, Dino and Condon aren't friends. They're not related. Nothing suggests they ever met. Revenge alone isn't gonna help us find the two of hearts. Two of hearts is known as the "sweetheart card." It represents people who love love. Idealists. Of course, they're usually the people who get hit the hardest when real life comes crashing down on their ideals, so... young couple who just got married? Or divorced. A matchmaker? Or a marriage counselor. (exhales) You're a real romantic. Your boyfriend must be a lucky guy. Can you stop that? So, if your theory about revenge is right, what is the Dealer avenging? Well, almost every serial killer chooses his victims in one of two ways: randomly or very, very carefully. If the victims are unrelated, it becomes more about the act itself, killing. If the victims are related, it becomes... BOTH: More about the result, death. If the victims are being judged, you have to ask yourself, why does the killer pick these victims? What flips the switch from having feelings about people to murdering them? I read Freaks three times. My boss didn't make me reach out to you. It was my idea. I just didn't want to inflate your ego any more, but now I see that's not possible, so... Go on, say something snarky. No snark. Glad you liked it. DYLAN: I'm so late. Oh, there's Andy. Which one is she? Ah, the one who's six foot, with stubble, and a man. Come and meet him. (sniffles) Oh, is it okay if I introduce you as Lizzie? He doesn't know you're working with me. (sighs) How is it you can deduce that, but not that I'm gay? You should tell him. ♪ I've been a fool with my reputation... ♪ I am so sorry I'm late. I'll explain later. This is my friend Lizzie. This is Andy. Nice to meet you. And you. Eh, you want to grab a bite with us? Oh. Uh, I'd love to, but I-I promised Gary I'd be home early. And I'm not. (laughs) Hope I see you again. See you. All right. Gary? Gary? Hey. (whining) Hey. (beeping) As the prosecutor, do you know if anyone Condon scammed ever threatened his life? Anyone who might seek revenge? Some generic hate mail but nothing specific and nothing we felt needed further investigation. If it was pretty clear Condon was guilty of fraud, why was he let off? We got the wrong judge. Judge Brooks is... is one of those by-the-book guys. He used some arcane interpretation of the law to clear Condon. You should speak with him. I didn't like Condon for what he did. The guy was an upper-echelon crook. But the law is the law. So you think he was guilty? My personal opinion doesn't matter. That's not why I'm here. You read my book? Didn't even know it was there. I thought you'd enjoy it, sir. Thank you, Elliot. What's it about? Abnormal behavior. I've always found that term a bit redundant. Me, too. Me, too. (door opens) DAN: Judge Brooks, you've got Millard in five minutes and then the hearing for People v. Barbaro. Yeah. This is my way of saying it's time for you both to go. Oh, of course. Yeah, don't worry. He does the same thing to me. I'd forget to eat lunch without Dan. Thank you for your time. Mm-hmm. Thank you. Mm-hmm. So Condon's guilty but gets off. No known people who'd want to hurt him, a grieving wife. It may not be revenge, which means we may not have our connection with Dino and even less of an idea of how to pinpoint the two of hearts. I want to go see a friend who may be able to help. Great. I'll drive. Uh, alone. He works undercover. Um, I'm a cop. Um, he isn't. So-so you get to come everywhere with me, but I can't go with you? You just go do what you do. (door buzzer sounds) (buzzer sounds) (buzzer sounds) And I thought you retired. (chuckles) Look at you. So academicy. Why does that sound like an insult? 'Cause it is. You think it's someone who found out you're CIA? Was CIA. Potato, potahto. Don't make it personal. I'm just saying it's possible. Because he used a theme from your book? Motif. Maybe he's a fan of your writing. Whatever. Maybe when your case is over, you'll return to your calling. World's gotten scarier since you left. I'll take whatever you can get on the victims. It's a shame. You were the best operative I ever worked with. Oh, I bet you say that to all your old colleagues. Integrity, loyalty, and balls... You had it all. Until I realized I didn't. No room for relationships in our business. That's why I'm single. You're single because no woman in her right mind would marry you. That, too. (phone buzzes) (siren whooping, helicopter blades whirring) (overlapping chatter) Nobody comes or goes. Canvass the building. Okay, Lizzie. Couple came in under the name Smith. Not their first time, always Thursdays. Room service waiter discovered them. Door was open, and they were shot at point-blank range. Got to be an affair. No married couple'd have sex in a hotel room in the middle of the afternoon. (garbled radio transmission) DYLAN: Do you really think the Dealer killed them while they were having sex? Or did he force them into this position? Uh, power and control? The blood spatter suggests they were in bed. Aha. Well, he's enjoying himself, as demonstrated by the playing card lodged... Of all places... Between Mrs. Smith's, uh... cheeks. Glad I'm not bagging it. (laughs quietly) Queen of hearts. Mother of higher love, powerful, successful. Detective Needham, can we, uh...? Excuse me. MAN: Wasn't the queen of hearts in Alice in Wonderland? Yeah, yeah. The antagonist. Uh, foul-tempered, quick to hand out death sentences. Her famous line... "Off with their heads!" (groans loudly) Excuse me. ♪ You treated me bad ♪ And you drove me crazy (groaning) ♪ It's 36 steps to the front door... ♪ What was that? That was Harris, my last partner, aka the Wandering Tongue. Apparently he's got deep feelings for me. (scoffs) I'd love to see how you treat someone who can't stand you. Well, it appears our innocent young Dino got himself pulled in for dealing drugs. Your friend works fast. Who is he? Then his mom made a call, and Dino got let off. Oh, okay. I'll follow up with the mom, and don't think I didn't notice you evading my question about your friend. That's all you got? He's working on more. Just give him a little more time. Explains why Dino was the king of clubs, but not how he's connected to the Smiths or Condon. Watch out! (indistinct chatter) Nobody move! Shooter's on the mezzanine. Stay here. No problem. NYPD! Son of a bitch got away. Yeah. Aah! Why would the Dealer stay at the scene? Was he trapped? Targeting us? Maybe he just wants us to stay away. Here are the credit card receipts. Thanks. 32 of our guests paid with cash. That's a lot, no? But not for us. Where's your surveillance footage? Sorry. We removed our cameras. Our hotel is a luxury, rendezvous spot. We protect the privacy of our clients. Oh. How's that working out for your clients? So the Dealer knew the Smiths were cheating. So we're really sticking with the Dealer? It's descriptive and short. So is the perp, writer. So the Dealer knew the Smiths were cheating, and in a place you couldn't be filmed, so I'd say a jealous spouse? Who also knew Dino and Condon? Which is why I didn't say it. So Dino dealt, Condon stole, the Smiths cheated. There's one thing that jumps out they all have in common. They're all law-breakers, criminals, douches. (laughs) If that's his beef, he'll have to kill half of New York. (laughs) There's something else they may all have in common. Here you go, Lizzie. Thank you, Jim. Keith Millard, aka Mr. Smith. Arrested seven years ago for driving while intoxicated. Jennifer Scott, aka Mrs. Smith, arrested for child endangerment. So, they all committed crimes, but Condon wasn't found guilty. Neither was Mr. or Mrs. Smith. Let me try Dino. Oh. Huh. Nothing. Sealed. What? You can't access sealed documents? That's why they're sealed. That's why I have friends. LIZZIE: How did you get these? These court documents are privileged. Yeah, so is my friend, who just sent over these. I'm finally starting to realize why you're so intriguing. You're not just some boring old professor. You're... FBI? CIA? Door number two. Case officer? And paramilitary. Whoa! You're a tough guy. Was a tough guy. Retired? In '14. Why? I had other responsibilities. Dino Moretti, arrested age 16 for selling dope. The day before his trial, the charges were expunged and the record sealed. All arrested, none convicted. And not because they were necessarily innocent. Condon and the Smiths' cases involved technicalities or loopholes their lawyers exploited. So, the law said the victims were not guilty, but the Dealer thinks differently. Or he knows differently. Judge Brooks. Yeah. Check and see if Brooks presided over those other cases. Mr. Smith, Brooks. Mrs. Smith... Brooks. Dino Moretti. Judge Gerald Brooks. Maybe the judge knows more than he's telling us. Needless to say, I'm distressed to learn that I'm the link. But I would not change even one of my rulings. The law can't protect the innocent without sometimes helping the guilty. So you believe all the victims were guilty even though you made trial decisions that helped them go free. I make trial decisions based on the law, not what my gut tells me. Nothing I do on the bench is personal. Uh, someone out there disagrees with you. And he or she is taking it personally. Then I hope for all our sakes that you catch him... expeditiously. Does the queen of hearts ring any bells regarding a past case? I once had a man who thought he was the prince of Wales. Otherwise I have not had any royalty before me. I will give it thought. Elliot? Queen of hearts. Anyone come to mind? No, sir. But I can ask Dan to print up summaries of all your cases. Much appreciated. Be prepared. This might take a while. So, who's the queen of hearts? The writer of a romance novel? Prostitute? Drag queen? Any chance it's you? First of all, why would my saying "drag queen" lead you to me? And second, I don't get treated like a queen, and my colleagues don't think I have a heart, so no. If you don't get treated like a queen, then why are you with Gary? Yeah, you're right. None of my business. I'm sure he's a wonderful guy. One question, though. Will Gary mind that you're out to such a fancy meal with another man? Is Gary bigger than me? That's two questions. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. Did you guys have a fight or something? Mm. Gary's not my boyfriend. He's my dog, and I have to put him down. I know it's stupid and crazy for me to be sitting here, crying about this given what we're dealing with at work. No, no, no, no. I've had dogs. When they die, it's heartbreaking. Charlie and I rescued him. My old partner and my fiancé. He was shot and killed in the line of duty a year ago. I'm sorry. Gary's all I have left of him, and... I don't want him to disappear. It's not fair. It's... it's like every day my heart is growing colder. I don't mean to unload on you. No, no. It's-it's okay. Heart. You're mourning. Just give it time. No. There's a doctor Brooks had in his court, a famous cardiologist. Charged with vehicular manslaughter and found not guilty. Brooks disallowed the testimony of the key witness for the prosecution due to some absurd precedent brought by the defense. She's got to be our queen of hearts. Get someone over to the home of Dr. Caitlyn Glenroy. 8 East 72nd Street. Now. Hey. Ah. Victim's deceased. He must have shocked her with the paddles. It's pretty bad. We must have just missed him. Which playing card did he leave? Uh, there isn't one. (gasps faintly) I thought you said she was dead. She looked dead. I-I didn't want to touch her. No, she's still warm. No pulse. The shock from the defib must have knocked her out, but it didn't kill her. Not yet. Tom, the paramedics. Now. LIZZIE: You think the Dealer screwed up? DYLAN: No, he thought she was dead. He had no idea we'd get here this fast. But why no card? Is he done? Has his plan changed? (phone buzzes) Brooks' clerks check out. No priors. One, two, three. Joker. The court jester. (gasps) He's after Judge Brooks. Come on. Everything all right? Judge hasn't left the premises. Is anyone in there? Just the judge and his wife. (shakes door handle) What are you doing? You wanted a gun? Oh, it's okay. I got one. Do you plan on just watching? (panting) Oh, I was afraid kicking down the door for you would be disempowering. Look, we can do it together, okay? Ready, on three? One, two, three. Are you okay? I should be asking you that. Are your clerks here? Why would they be here? They're usually still at the office. Hardest working clerks I've ever had. Court clerks. The court jester. Apologies, Your Honor. Yeah. Elliot, are you okay? You're right on time. Dr. Reinhart, I thought it would be fitting for you to witness the final part of the idea you helped inspire. But first, uh... please put the guns down. Guns down! Or I swear I'll kill him. Okay, Dan. From one freak to another, I get it. If I were you, I probably would have shot him through the heart by now. All those years. Endless hours. All the hard work you put in to help bring justice, and now you think this guy just undid it all. Maybe he doesn't deserve to live. I know what you're feeling. Gratitude. Yes, I was outraged by the victims' verdicts, but... reading your book made me realize I could do something about it. And you have. And now it can end. Elliot didn't do anything. Elliot did the legwork for Judge Brooks to find those obscure cases. The shady loopholes and precedents to get the criminals off. Dan, I was just Hey. Doing my job. Please. A collaborator's favorite excuse. Doesn't make you any less guilty than Dino, Condon, any of them. But he wasn't in control of it, unlike the criminals... and you. We're all capable of behaving abnormally. You've restored what is right. Those who deserve to be punished have been, and justice has been done. But if you kill Elliot right now, you are as guilty as they are. You're better than them. Give me the gun. No! (strained breathing) Hold on, Lizzie. You okay? Dial 911. Tell them 10-13. Do it now. Cuff that guy. Hang in there, Lizzie. Come on, come on. (handcuffs click) Come on. (strained breathing) Okay, come on. Okay, when you lay there, just stay with me, Lizzie. Stay with me. She took a bullet to the chest. She's having trouble breathing. It could be a tension pneumothorax. You got it. (speaks indistinctly) (siren wailing) ♪ Hey. Well, you look terrible. Expecting "I don't care how I look" pantsuit and humdrum flats? Come in. Thanks. So, how are you holding up? It was a through and through. I'm fine. Just a little sore. Well, a lot sore. But I wasn't gonna leave Gary alone any longer. Oh. Hey, Gary. (chuckles) (Gary whines) Thank you. You saved my life. You were brave. Stupid but brave. That's what I want on my tombstone. You nearly got it. Oh, no, those are for you. It's like you didn't mind getting killed, like you-you didn't care. (groans) Spare me the psychobabble. How's Dan the Dealer? (chuckles): He asked for an autograph. (laughing): Oh, my God. I know, it's not... I'm sorry. At least you're having an impact on your readers. Isn't that what every writer wants? Stop it. Now. Do you want some? Uh, I'm-I'm trying to lay off the carbs. Ah. Hmm. You know, I haven't trusted anyone since Charlie. So... if the teaching thing gets boring, maybe you want to, you know... I could use a partner in any form I can get. Maybe you should have been a cop. (sighs) I should have been a lot of things. There's still time. This might be the perfect opportunity. Those that can't do and all. I have a deadline for my next book, and I need some new ideas because apparently my old ones lack pizzazz and heart. You're not gonna believe this. They fished a body out of the Hudson last night, and its heart was missing. (chuckles) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 