Instinct: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Instinct 
 s2e3 - Finders Keepers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Instinct (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Finders Keepers - full transcript 
 A father is accused of murdering his wife and subsequently kidnapping his own son to avoid a custody battle with his in-laws who feel he is responsible for both crimes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously onlnstinct... Welcome to Abnormal Behavioral Analysis. My name is Professor Dylan Reinhart. Detective Elizabeth Needham, NYPD. You're not just some boring old professor. You're CIA? Retired? You can't access sealed documents? That's why they're sealed. That's why I have friends. Don't tell me... you need intel, and the NYPD's slowing you down. Just in case. If I were to call, what would I call you? Julian. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lizzie, Dylan, meet Jules, our new computer associate. Nice to meet you both. I went to the precinct because I wanted to be near you. For this to work, we both have to take some risks. Keeping secrets is what keeps me alive. Are you here to report a crime? No, I'm here to investigate one. Detective Ryan Stock, Garfield County PD. They sent Detective Stock to aid Fucci in the effort to connect and solve both murders. You're gonna be a great father. Any child would be lucky to have you and Andy as their dads. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I combed through all the adoption information you gathered. I'm saying let's pursue them all. That's it for tonight. I have to get up early for court tomorrow. If the judge says I should live with Grandma and Grandpa, will I get to finish my book with them? Sure. I don't think Grandma likes vampires. Probably not, Satan's work. Yeah, but you can read it alone, or you could read it to Cheetah. Cheetah loves vampires. Go ahead, finish your milk. Don't I have to brush my teeth? Not tonight. All right, scooch down. Love you. Love you. I always kind of liked this photo of you. Yeah, that's 'cause I was seducing you. The whole point of making an adoption book is to introduce us to birth mothers, not to scare them off. Okay, you're right. Do we have any of you bowling or caulking tiles? Hey, this one would go well with my intro for you. "Andy thinks Dylan would make a good father "because Dylan "understands people better than anyone I know, and he loves them for who they are." You-you memorized it? I-I-I haven't even... f-finished mine yet. You haven't started it yet, have you? All right, well, since you work better with a deadline, let's say this book will be finished by Saturday, shall we? This Saturday? I-I-Is that realistic with all the hours you work? I mean... Well, I'm cutting back. I plan to promote Sam to Rafters manager tomorrow. Now, Sam is the new girl you've been raving about? Yeah, I mean, that's a great idea, but can you really work less shifts? Look, I'm not the workaholic in this family. You've got that covered. I plan to introduce our child to the other joys in life, like, bowling or drinking kegs of beer. You know, this is gonna take some time. Our baby is not gonna magically appear. Neither is your intro of me, so get writing, all right? I want a working draft in 24 hours. Aye, aye, sir. God. How have I lived this long without a towel warmer? Room service is here, and, you know, there is an upside to Jasmine crashing at my place. How much did you just hear? Sounded like Russian. And you're fluent in Serbian, so it's safe to say... Yes, my surveillance netted the high-value intel that "someone needs an answer." So pretending to be a software security nerd is not your only job these days? You know it's not. I have to support this five-star lifestyle. Don't start that again. There's no way I believe you live here. I do. Please, where's all of your stuff? I bet you have some high-tech hideout full of gold bullion and grenade launchers waiting for the highest bidder. I don't deal in arms. Yeah, so you say, but you won't even tell me what you're really doing at the precinct. So how do I know if you're a good guy or a bad guy? Alfaro, what's up? Will, there you are. I was checking out a job site around the corner, thought I'd stop in and kiss Robby good night. Yeah, you don't have Robby on Thursdays, so... What's the big deal? I just... Did you leave my grandson home alone? Man, you don't quit, do you? It's not enough you might get him for good tomorrow, you got to push it. Leave us alone. What the matter with you? I want to see my grandson. What's wrong with you? Robby's in bed. Robby? Robby? What did you do? You know, Homer is right. Dawn kinda is rosy-fingered. You can tell Homer and Dawn to get a room 'cause we got work to do. Last night a nine-year-old boy went missing on the eve of a court decision in a bitter custody battle. Special Victims has been working with our guys since a little before midnight. Is there a body? Not yet. Well, good. But they think it's homicide and not a kidnapping? Either's possible. Blood at the scene matches the boy. And the grandparents... One of the parties in the custody suit... Is screaming for action. They say the last time the NYPD blew it and their son-in-law got away with murder. Last time? That's the father now. Well, who was he accused of murdering? His wife. His son's mother. There was a struggle? The father and grandfather pulled the covers back during the initial panic. Window was locked? Locks when it slides closed. Looks like a supportive environment, books, toys... We should've been called as soon as homicide was a possibility. Every minute counts with missing kids. I've contacted DBM and all precincts in Manhattan have put a team on this, backing us up, handling physical evidence. Here's where you come in. I need you two to drill down and focus on profiling family, anyone close. We all know that child abductions by strangers are rare, so do what you do and do it fast. Got it. What's the boy's name? Robby. I'll be outside. Even the most seasoned detectives are put on edge when the victim's a child. Look out for her. He was cut on the broken window glass. CSU says the amount of blood may suggest additional wounds. Great, so even more time pressure. This kid could be bleeding to death. Nice look. Sergeant Harris got in a cardio workout on his way to the scene. Actually, I was riding when I got the call, so I came straight down. Did CSU see these fibers? Maybe he was tied up with ropes. Yeah, I'll double check. They thought fluorescein might turn up tracks, or CCTV might come through, but so far nothing's panned out. Right, so now that the trail is cold, they bring us in. Well, I'm not so worried about time. You should go push the dad, get him to talk. You think the dad's involved? I do. I was on the team that investigated this dude five years ago. Guy has a history of drug-fueled incidents, tried getting into his wife's trust fund. Fancy lawyer got him off. Why would he take his own child out of the window? Well, maybe he staged it to look like an invasion, maybe tried stashing his kid somewhere, maybe it went sideways. That's a lot of maybes. Let's see what the dad has to say. Thank you. How about this? "Dylan thinks Andy would be the perfect father because he keeps things balanced and positive." Sure. You okay? No, I'm not okay when a child is not safe in his own bed. I hate these cases. Well, look at it this way: How often do we get the chance to save a life? Robby may very well still be alive. Every 24 hours the chances are nine to one against us. I know you had to grow up fast, take care of your sister. If this case brings up... What this case brings up is a missing child, but thank you for the free analysis. Wait. You know that button isn't connected to anything, right? It just give you a false sense of control. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. We need to stay balanced in this crisis. We will be surrounded by panic. You're right. You take the lead on this one. Really? Yeah. I'm the boss? Don't push it. But you heard Jasmine: They need a profiler. They're depending on your superpowers. I am, too. We need a bead on this dad pronto. But he's at the precinct, right? Cooperating and being watched? So far. The boss is walking. I think we should visit the grandparents first. But the dad is our prime... Hey, hey, hey, hey. What about depending on my superpowers? This is gonna haunt me. You have no idea. Is there any possibility that Robby could have run away? Run away? No. Absolutely no chance. Our little Beto would never run away. You have to know Robby. He's a sweet boy. He doesn't misbehave. And he's timid, afraid of the dark. No way he would go out that window. And he wanted to live with us. He told us so. May we borrow this one, please? We will return it. We know how precious family photos are. Thank you. Please. Please find him. I-I was praying that we'd finally have him safe in our arms today. Why would someone do this? Not "someone." His own father, Will. He took our Mimi from us, and now he's done it again. That bastard pushed our daughter off their terrace. A neighbor even saw them fighting that day, but it took you guys weeks to charge him, and by then he and his lawyer cooked up that our daughter was suicidal. Will is violent. She never should've been with him. You've seen him lose his temper? Too many times. And you and your wife had custody of Robby during the trial? After Will got off, we sued for sole custody. That's when he ran off with Robby. You knew about that, right? He kidnapped Robby before. We were briefed of the custodial interruption, yeah. Call it what you want. It should have been a felony. He crossed state lines, he only served a year. And Robby lived with you then, too? Mostly. My wife was having chemo then, so Robby spent some time with his godparents, the Lockharts. Yes, we've put in a call to them, too. Yeah, Will's probably back on drugs. He is under arrest, right? At this point, no, he's... For crying out loud. Charge him with child endangerment at least. He left the boy alone. You know we could charge you right now with neglect. Go ahead and lock me up. Stop asking me questions I've already answered and go find my son. Every precinct in the city is working to find Robby. Sorry, I'm just going nuts here. Look, I know I screwed up, but the alarm was set and the window was locked. I was gone for half an hour, maybe 40 minutes. Can't be the only single parent who's ever run an errand. And when you left, you went where, exactly? There's a woman I sponsor through N.A. She calls when she's triggered. I've kept her away from the apartment, for Robby's sake, but also so the Alfaros don't use it against me in court. So this woman is your alibi? No. For the umpteenth time, the other cop's checking with her. She didn't show, I headed home. But you stopped by the bodega first. Yeah. And bought what? Bleach. I needed a clean shirt for court. Do you think there's any chance Robby took off on his own? Never. He wanted to stay with me. He told me so. Robby is a very sweet boy, but he's very timid. I was sick when I saw Cheetah. Cheetah, the-the stuffed monkey? Robby's scared to sleep without him. He'd never leave Cheetah behind. When was the last time you used? I've already peed for you guys. I'll do it again, and it'll be clean. It's been clean for seven years. So you were using when you met Mimi? Yeah, that's how we met, in rehab. I'll bet the Alfaros didn't mention that. Her parents hated me the most because I wasn't rich or important enough for their daughter, but they didn't know Mimi. They couldn't accept that she was depressed; They just wanted her to go to church. You think the dad checks out? I'm not saying turn him loose. God, no. Keep him talking. He's loaded with rage. His son is missing. Unless he prepped for this. He's hip to the system. He's been through interrogations before. I'm sorry, it's hard to take anything you say seriously, wearing whatever that is. Rubber underpants. Do you think I like this? Actually, I find the grandfather's affect more disconcerting. He was more eager to point a finger than he was to show concern for his missing grandchild. Or grieving wife. So you're not calling anyone a murderer yet? Not yet. This is a unique case. Usually, we start with a dead body, but could the dad or the grandparents be hiding a plan that went wrong? Maybe. And what if the odds are against us, and this is a random stranger? Double down on predator parolees, all five boroughs. Any wobble to their story, drag 'em in. On it. After you put on some clothes. Oy. What was Will's demeanor like five years ago, during the trial? Slippery. His alibi kept evolving, but it ended in a hung jury. I pulled some articles and old news footage for you. Her husband claims he was picking up their four-year-old when she fell to her death. But today the babysitter testified he arrived late that day. Finally, the light of day. Ryan of Mayberry here has had me trapped in witness interviews since the wee hours. Yeah, just making sure Manhattan's Finest here didn't miss any more Nebraska clues in our shared homicide case. Well, why don't you take the rest of the day off? We need the room now. We got a missing child. Missing child? How many hours in? 12 hours, 21 minutes. How can I help? Well, since you've partnered with Fucci, patience is clearly your forte, so why don't you keep the boy's father company? He might be a flight risk. Yeah, Ryan's the man for the job. He might bore your guy into a confession. You know, got to lead with your strong suit. And hopefully we will have some answers by hour 13. Where are we going? Dylan, communication. This is a long shot. You know how many cases this judge sees? She's been weighing this family's battle for months, she may have other things... It was canceled. I called the Alfaros, but Amanda's too upset to talk. Will's not picking up... Excuse me. Are you the Lockhart family by any chance? Yes. We are. We've been trying to reach you. I'm Detective Needham. This is Dr. Dylan Reinhart, NYPD. You are Robby Miller's godparents, right? Girls, let's give Daddy some privacy. Dear God, what's happened now? I wish I could say I'm surprised. We wanted to be here today for Robby's sake. Did you take sides during the custody case? We purposely tried not to. We love having Robby with us whenever we can help out, but the poor kid is so wounded. Losing his mother, then his dad in prison. Constant upheaval. Not that Robby ever acted out. My wife and I joke we wish some of his obedience would rub off on our girls. I know. Have you ever thought that Robby was in any danger? We were Mimi's friends; She's the only one we knew well. When all this started, I said no way Will pushed her. Then, in the trial, we found out about his temper, but still, murder? Then the Alfaros got so vindictive, hounding the guy, bankrupting him. You think things could have gotten violent? Five years of escalating anger, hatred? It's gotten toxic. I think both sides are capable of anything. That is exactly what we were hoping not to hear. It's a tough case, but all my cases are tough. Both parties appear to love Robby, and even when the father unwisely spirited his son away, his behavior toward Robby was caring and responsible. You paint a rosy picture, given what happened last night. Sounds like you were gonna decide in favor of the father. The court prefers to preserve parental rights whenever possible. Could anyone have known your decision in advance? That looks like a yes to me. I hesitate to add fuel to a combustible situation. But even the law agrees it's okay to yell "fire" when things are going up in flames. What Detective Needham means... What I mean is, a child's life is in the balance. My husband and I belong to the same golf club as the Alfaros, and Theo approached my husband last week. You're on a first name basis and you didn't recuse yourself? I know his name, he's not a friend. Was Theo trying to influence your decision? No. But he did make a subtle attempt to learn how I might rule. Naturally, my husband did not reveal anything. Didn't you have a duty to report this? It wasn't a criminal case, and my impartiality wasn't compromised. But I did call Mr. Alfaro in and I reprimanded him. I was discreet, but he may well have guessed my decision would go against him. Alfaro is a successful man, he built up his own construction company, he's used to getting his own way. Was he upset by this? I'm sure he regrets speaking out of turn, but... his parting words to me were "If you place Robby with his father", there will be blood on your hands." In a criminal case, that's called a threat. A threat that could prove intent. We're gonna need need a warrant to see if Alfaro intended to back it up. Know any judges who could help us out? Well, at least we got a warrant. After I twisted her arm. ACS judges can be so... Judgy? Clueless. You're not a big fan of Child Services. You know I'm gonna keep on asking. Babe, I am so sorry. I forgot all about lunch. We're on a missing child case. The one that's all over the news? Yeah. Find that kid, will you? Great, more pressure. Everything okay? Nothing life or death. How about mundane and boring? I need to take my blood pressure down. All right, well, my plan to launch Sam into the Rafters managerial ranks failed. She gave her notice today. Sorry to flake on you. Is that your husband? Yes, it is. She is abandoning me and going back to Sacramento; You believe that? Are you that hard to work for? Clearly. He's asking, am I that hard to work for? I'm just glad I'm not married to him. Sorry I never got to meet you. Well, you know, I'm sorry you're gonna lose her, but I know you'll find a solution. In fact, that could be my intro for you: "Dylan knows Andy will make a great father because he never, ever gives up." Meh, kinda sounds like I fail a lot. Yeah, I-I-I can do better. I'll talk to you later. You think we'll surprise the Alfaros? With a warrant? That's the point. Ticktock. You kind of knew your way around in there. You have a lot of cases with Child Services? Some. You met Judge Gillespie before? I mean, she didn't recognize you, but maybe you've... grown. It wasn't Gillespie, but lucky for me it was another clueless judge. Lucky for you? I was 11, my mom was out. I wasn't supposed to use the stove, but Katie was desperate for a hot dog. Dish towel caught on fire. A nosy neighbor got my mom served. And the judge didn't help? It was my problem. I fixed it. Careful with that, please. What are you even looking for? Okay, enough. This is overreach. I'm calling my lawyer. Before you do, found these in the study. You planning a trip today? No, we had a court date. And yet you booked three tickets to Havana for this evening, and here's Robby's passport. I told you to cancel that. You know, Cuba is a country with no extradition treaty with the U.S. No, it wasn't my... I grew up there. I showed Robby the old photos. It was his mother's heritage. It was supposed to be a surprise. Excuse me, Mr. Alfaro, is that your company van in the driveway? Yeah. Some of my work crew have been stopping by, worried about Robby. Why? We just found blood in the back. Is there anything either of you would like to tell us? It's a construction van. Guys get injured on the job. You both love Robby. If only you could get him to Cuba. You knew the judge was gonna rule against you. You were desperate. You were gonna lose a grandson. She was? Maybe you acted with the best of intentions... Theo, what did you do? I want my lawyer. Mimi sounds special. I can see why she caught your eye. Yeah, she was just becoming a fantastic mother. You'll need to find another spot. We're bringing in the grandfather. Thanks. Sorry to interrupt. We can't waste time on security upgrades or whatever you're doing. We need all hands on deck for the missing kid. Actually, Jules just reprogrammed the database to link license plates of known predators with traffic surveillance. Saved me five hours. If that's okay. Yes. Thank you, Jules. That's very helpful. Finally a break, folks. Blood in the water and in Grandpa's van, it matches the kid's. Blood? Robby's blood? What did you do to my son? Look out. You play safety in high school? And wide receiver. And the water boy. It was a small school. Sure you don't want some ice on that? You clobbered me pretty good. Let's go back to the day that Mimi died. You want to talk about five years ago? You got something better to do? Shouldn't you be in there? I gave Ryan my questions. I want to observe. What news of Grandpa? Still not talking. Waiting for his lawyer, who's taking his sweet time. We had a fight on the terrace, and I stormed out. Went to the park where I used to score. You got to hand it to this guy. Once he found a story that worked, he really stuck to it. But my dealer didn't show. If I'd gone straight to pick up Robby, like a good dad... Hey, you want to take a crack at any of these drivers who worked at Alfaro's company? That guy. He was at the crime scene this morning. Yeah, I was there. I saw the crowd. I knew that was where Mr. A's grandson lived. So, you know Robby? A lot of the crew does. Ever pick him up? A few times. I've worked with Alfaro since before Robby was born. So Robby has been in a company vehicle with you. You ever let him pretend to drive? Maybe. Maybe? Kids like trucks. Wha-What are you getting at? What he's getting at is, a boy went missing last night two blocks from where your van was parked. We were doing a job there. I've been driving back and forth from the Rockaways office all summer. When was the last time you saw Robby? It's been months. What about the company picnic? Well, I forgot about that. There were a lot of kids there. Did you play with all the kids or just with Robby? He's the boss's grandson. I made nice. The boss ever ask you to help him out, do a favor outside of work? Sure. I don't want to lose my job. So, if Alfaro asked you to give the kid a ride, maybe offer to pay you under the table... You don't have any children, do you, Mr. Henderson? You live alone? Yeah, since my mother died. Am I under arrest? This is a surveillance video of the suspect's van. Unfortunately, you can't see the back door from this angle. But there he is. And the time frame lines up with the boy's disappearance. Exactly. And here's his trip to the Rockaways offices. Whoa. How are you showing me all this? Jules spliced together CCTV and private security cameras to give us a multi-cam mosaic of the van's trip last night. Our tech guy's more than just a pretty face. Henderson went straight to the Rockaways. Unfortunately... Are you kidding me? So the driver left? Wait. Zack, can you fast-forward? What's he up to? Claims he forgot his phone. He's being printed right now. You know, I'm curious about how your memory changed on the day that Mimi died. Why you didn't mention looking for your dealer the first time you talked to the cops. I would kind of go on autopilot when I was triggered to use. I'd just find myself in front of my dealer. And then I heard Mimi was dead, and I was just... I shouldn't have left her alone. How-how late did you show up to the sitter's? About an hour. Um, the other kids that she watched had left. And then the wind picks up, and there's no sustained view of the van for seven minutes. More than enough time for the driver to take the body out. Can we just not say "body" just yet? Wait a minute, wait a minute, break that down. You got to the babysitter's house, you put Robby's jacket on, then what? I-I don't... Robby was wriggling, and I was trying to pay the sitter, so I raised my voice, which they used against me at trial. Go back. You paid the babysitter? How much? Cash or check? I don't know. She only took cash. Who cares? You had cash? I must have. You were thinking about getting drugs, right? Did you need to get cash? Maybe. I don't know. Look, I've been through this a million times. Could he really have forgotten this? Addicts who are craving often go into a dissociative state. They literally cannot retrace their steps afterwards. If you did get cash, where would you have gotten it? The ATM at 68th and Third. That could prove he didn't kill his wife. We need to get those bank records. Any withdrawal would be time-stamped. It could prove his alibi. And break the habit of accusations and guilt that have smothered this family for years. I'm gonna see if I can pull up those bank records. Get Jules, the tech guy, to help you. Bad news. Just got back comparisons on a partial print from Robby's bedroom windowsill. It's not a match for Dad or Grandpa or the van driver. We need a new angle. Maybe one of them had help. Hang on, that's not a new angle. Like Will's faulty memory, all our brains can get trapped repeating a flawed logic. Since this morning, we've been shuttling between enemy camps and the turmoil they've created. But what if we're overlooking what really matters? The quiet center of the storm. Robby. Yeah. Let's go make sure we're not missing anything about our missing boy. What did we miss? Come on, Cheetah, spill. Here he is, our sweet, obedient boy. That's literally the only thing all the adults agree on. What was going on inside that kid's developing brain? Surrounded by animosity, Robby was like a cipher. He went along, but that's not how kids react to chaos. They're not Teflon. They soak up anxiety. Like you did. How long was your mom gone before you started that fire? All night. We had fun... no bedtime, ice cream for breakfast. What lie did you tell the judge to get your mom out of trouble? I told her Mom had left us with Mr. Keller downstairs and we'd, run back to our apartment. Good fix. Not really. There was no Mr. Keller. But the judge was so clueless, she bought it anyway. Hey, look at this. What? It looks like it could match the fibers we found downstairs. Looks like the handle of a jump rope. Your mom didn't give you a safe world, so you had to make one. But sweet little Robby is not me. Still, he did what he could... He reassured the adults that he loved them, right? Tried to keep his fragile support system from blowing away like it always had before. And with the court date approaching, he must have been terrified. I couldn't be scared, I had my sister to protect. And now you protect New York City. Poor Robby. No one to keep safe, no one to keep him safe. He's an only child. But he isn't. Not always. Step. Your turn.Mr. Lockhart! Yes. Officers? Emma, Sutton, inside. No, actually, it's your girls we wanted to talk to. With your permission, of course. Thank you. Emma? And Sutton? Do you guys know anything about what happened to Robby's jump rope? Or what happened to Robby last night? They were at a Yankee game last night with their camp. Weren't you? Girls, this is serious. If you know anything... It's okay. We don't think your daughters did anything wrong. But maybe they were trying to fix something bad? Does your family know anyone in the Rockaways? We have a beach house in the Rockaways. Tell them. We didn't mean to break the window. Robby forgot Cheetah and we were trying to get back in. My God. What were you thinking? It's okay. Robby needed us. The years after early childhood but before adolescence are marked by the development of concrete operational skills combined with increased peer coordination in problem-solving. So Robby's time with the Lockhart daughters was a godsend. After the age of six, children increasingly spend more time with siblings and peers than their parents, creating bonds like you did with your sister. So Robby turned to his only real allies... his part-time sisters. Robby may never have dared to run away on his own, but joining up with the Lockhart girls every day at summer camp, they concocted a plan. The girls were able to use the ball game as a way to stay out late. And Robby knew his grandfather's van drove out to the Rockaways each night, within walking distance of the Lockharts' beach house. I guess they weren't sure what came next. They did their best. They got the court date delayed and got our attention. And also spilled some blood. Hopefully not too much blood. We're approaching our target. I need all units to go silent. Hold back until we give the go-ahead. Robby? Are you here? Robby? Hey, Robby. Hey. We thought you might want your friend. I want to make sure he doesn't lose any blood. Who wants some ice cream? Yeah.Me. Yes! Thank you. There's only three. What about Cheetah? What about me? RYAN: Sorry, I didn't bring any for you. That's quite all right. You brought us plenty. Thank you. Thank you. Six, seven. Whoa. What a day. Nothing like a happy ending. And I gathered some important intel about a mysterious agent in my life. Dear, did I leave my fake mustache by the coffee machine? You gave yourself away. You're a good guy. I was today. All right, where's my ice cream? Who's gonna share? It appears the bank records will prove exculpatory, showing that your son-in-law was not present at the time of your daughter's death. Whether Mimi fell or jumped is a mystery that may never be answered. But you all lost someone that you loved. And you will lose Robby, too, unless you can make some changes and deal with his grief. When court convenes tomorrow, we will set a hearing date. But I believe ACS and the court will sign off tonight if all parties can agree that Robby will stay with the Lockhart family until requirements for reunification and custody are worked out. I agree. So do we. Of course. Then Robby does not need to be placed in protective custody at this time. Thank you, Judge. Can we see Robby now? Kiss him good night? I'd like there to be one condition. Well done, Doctor. That's Dr. Boss to you. And just for the record, I think you were scared as a child. You deserved to be safe, and you weren't safe. And for the record, your little act all day didn't fool me. Act? You're trying to adopt. A kid in danger must be very upsetting. More like terrifying. How could you tell? Too many eye blinks, deep breaths, hunched shoulders... Not like you. Nice. But less of the insights. I'm the behavioral expert around here. And I'm the boss again. Hey, hey, I think I got it! One of the adoption agencies already called us back. What, at this hour? Yeah, they're from the West Coast. Hello, hi. Yes. It's Andrew Wilson here, just returning your call. Congrats on the case. But if this agency is calling to ask where our adoption book is, I am going to kill you. I've got it, I've got it, and I've got it memorized. "Dylan knows that Andy will make a wonderful father "because he will always make sure our child feels safe and is heard." And I know because that's how you make me feel. Why do you look disappointed? Because now I'm gonna have to go and make mine better. Hi, yes, thank you for calling. My husband has joined us, actually. It's the Wilson/Reinhart case. You called me, I'm just returning your... I see. They're calling for a reference. Apparently, some birth mother... yes, I can verify that Samantha Arimitsu works here. Of course. Forward me the forms. Right. No problem. What? It seems Sam is leaving because she is pregnant. And placing her baby for adoption. And-and that's her? That's her. Y-Y-You know when you said that babies don't just magically appear? Are we ready for some magic? Captioning sponsored by. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 