Dirty John: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dirty John 
 s2e2 - The Turtle and the Alligator - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dirty John (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Turtle and the Alligator - full transcript 
 Through med school and law school and many pregnancies, Betty supports Dan til he hits it big. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 San Diego PD, homicide unit... there's six teams. A team is four detectives and one sergeant on call at different times. I was on call that morning, November 5, 1989. Approximately 8:15, I got the call. They told me 1053 Cyprus Street in the Hillcrest Marston Hills area... a fatal shooting. Ruby & The Romantics' "Our Day Will Come"... Plays ♪ Our day will come ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ And we'll have everything ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ We'll share the joy ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Falling in love can bring ♪ Hold fire! Elisabeth Anne. You need to go home, now. Leave the rifle. ♪ Will come ♪ What is this? Why are you home? Father Luke said to leave. Why? What did you do? I don't know. He just said go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Ugh, don't whine. Think. I was in Phys Ed. We were shooting guns. I... Come with me. Don't move. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Okay, uh, the clips go in the front and the back, and then you put the belt on first, and then you pin the sanitary pad to the clips. Or don't, or just stay here. That's everything, Betty. I have the whole serving set now. Yes. I remember when you gave me my first spoon. I thought I would be so old when I finally had the whole set. Old enough for your own family. - Young man, did you just... - Be very careful. Silver is so soft. It will scratch. You're gonna be the girl with boys on the phone all hours now? What? I don't... who did they say that they were? What have you been getting up to? Nothing. I can't help if people look up this number and call it. And you can't help once people think you're a slut. There's no coming back from something - like that. - MAre you a slut, Betty Anne? - No. - No more boys calling here. - I can't stop them. - Try. I'm gonna get us all another pitcher. Okay, we'll be here. How many times are you going to let him explain the rules of football before you tell him you know them? Some people dream about Paris. My dream is to go anywhere overnight without my parents, and because of your brother, I'm finally able to do that, so he can explain football to me as much as he would like. South Bend is your Paris. Exactly. No one has ever been happier to be in Indiana than me. Just control your joy, or my aunts will think we're up to something. Are those your chaperones? They're not hovering, so they must trust you to make smart decisions, unlike your dates. I mean, leaving you two alone like candy in a room full of babies? That's not smart at all. Does anybody have a pen? Thank you. You know that's fabric, not paper? Yeah. Daniel T. Broderick III. MDA? What is an MDA? Medical doctor, almost. Starting Cornell medical school. Cornell... I'm from New York. Not Ithaca, Bronxville, but I'm going to college there myself. Mount Saint Vincent... You're perfect. I mean, uh, that's perfect. I got there around 8:45. I was briefed on the situation by officers Shea and Jankovic. They had secured the scene. They told me the home belonged to a Daniel Broderick. And then, the homicide unit, we took over from there. *DIRTY JOHN* Season 02 Episode 02 Episode Title: "The Turtle and the Alligator" Aired on: June 02, 2020 She told me she didn't know what had happened because the drapes were drawn, and it was completely dark. I was asking her if she'd heard anyone or if there was screaming or blood or anything like that. She said she didn't know that she had hurt Dan because he sat up and said, "You shot me. I'm dead." This is a lot of space, which we need for filing, records storage, but also to house this elite army of legal minds. Well, this mostly elite army of legal minds, I mean, but, with all of your Ivy degrees, we figure you'll compensate for Terry here being dead weight, and Fred who should've been shot and turned into dog food by now. I'll do what I can, Martin. - Attaboy. - Incredible. And I get to take you to lunch. The firm's treat. Do you like mai tais? Betty doesn't want to go to the tiki place, Vonne. She wants to come see our amazing law library, right, Betty? Do they have Jacqueline Susann? Wayne, have you met... have you met Dan Broderick? He is a doctor who went to Harvard Law, so today is your last day. Come on. Oh, come on, there you go, Martin. Oh, boy. I'm telling you, this guy's gonna give you a run for your money. - How you doing? - Hey, nice to meet you. The lounge because it's fabulous. You can... you can smile and laugh about it. I'm actually helping do... Betty! Betty! I am late. I am sorry. I... I tried shouting your name, but you couldn't hear me. Were you... were you really just gonna leave? Well, I didn't know if you were coming. Of course I was. Shall we? All right, good. ♪ Wash your face and comb your hair ♪ ♪ It's a fine time ♪ ♪ Fine time ♪ ♪ Strut down the street with your red dress on ♪ I was worried you weren't gonna be here I almost wasn't. I tried to take a nap after my final, but my mom came into my room and dragged me off my bed by my feet screaming I must be on drugs. What did your mother think about people who took naps during the day before she knew about drugs? Probably that they were exhausted because they had such loose morals. Oh, where'd you find that? - Someone left it on the train. - And you picked it up. How come? Are you a feminist now? I mean, Gloria Steinem's pretty. But she's so weird. And what is she trying to do? Johnny Mathis's "The Twelfth of Never"... plays... - Did you put that on? - It wasn't me. I mean, I just got here. Must have been the, uh, universe. Mm‐hmm. ♪ Must I explain? ♪ Come on. ♪ I need you, oh, my darling ♪ ♪ Like roses need rain ♪ ♪ You ask how long I'll love you ♪ ♪ I'll tell you true ♪ "All of your friends dream about being you... "the image of the model woman. "Soon you'll be the favorite teacher "of classes full of children, and after that, "perfect wife and mother making the perfect home. "When I let myself dream, "I dream about that home being mine. "Or sometimes my dream is about your legs that go all the way up to your"... Daniel. - ♪ Hold me close ♪ - What? - ♪ Melt my heart like April snow ♪ Another pitcher? I didn't ask for it. They just gave it to me. I think they are grateful. Grateful that you filled his bar full of drunk med students? - He's grateful for that? - Absolutely. - Hey... oh. - Oh. Marry me, Bets. Okay, time to switch to Irish coffee. - I mean it. - You always mean it. I mean it too. I'm not getting married until I graduate. Maybe you're just worried that you'll stop loving me if we wait till then. Mmm, I'm not worried that I'll stop. No, Dan. Dan, come on. Oh, no, Dan Don't do the turtle. Okay there, pal? Dan, no, no, no, not the alligator. I'm not gonna let you get away, Betty. - Are you all right? - You can't do this. It's as if no one else even exists. - It's unconscionable - Well, okay... can't do what? - What's happened? - He's gonna ruin it all. He said he'd wear the formal morning dress. We'll call the rental house right now. We'll send someone over to get the right size. Agostina's son can do it while you talk to Dan. You tell him... He said that he didn't want to wear rented clothes. He knew the entire bridal party would be in morning dress. He looks ridiculous! He's my husband. A man who could do this without a thought for anyone... what wouldn't a man like that do? Mama. Oh, thank you. Well, what should we do today? The cathedral's supposed to be lovely. Ooh, and somebody said that there's a pirate's lookout tower. Blackbeard's castle. We'll have to leave the room for a little while, won't we, not to be in the way of housekeeping? Uh, they're not coming. I told the desk not to send them. We're married now. We wanna be alone. What, you wanna sleep in an unmade bed? Why would I have to? You can make a bed. Mmm. All right, here we go. One, two, go! I need your help. Okay, one, two, three, go! Hey! Yes! All legs! Betty, home sweet home. She was crying. And then she just started talking. I‐I couldn't even tell who it was at first. And she said she had just come from Dan's house, that she had fired a gun... but it was dark, and she didn't know if she had hit anyone. She, uh, asked me what she should do. I didn't know what to say, and I didn't call the police because... I didn't believe her. How are you feeling? I think Mrs. Elliott knows. There was just a look in her eyes today. If she knows, then the assistant headmistress knows too. Wouldn't she have called you in if she knew? Might just be taking pity on me. If they are, they won't for long. I'm just gonna have to quit before I get fired. I'm sorry. But don't be sad. We'll get by. We'll be... we'll be fine. I mean, do we need electricity in the apartment or are we just used to having it? You ate food today. You're saying you're gonna want more food tomorrow? I can pick up another shift. No, Daniel. It's not safe for you to drive when you're tired, and another shift at the lab will affect your hospital rotation. I was talking to Lucy Ralston today about direct sales with Tupperware, and she was saying that if you meet their targets, then you can make your own schedule. I'm good at selling. That's true. You were great at teaching. Damn it, I forgot to pick up antacids. We can stop and get some on the way. No, we can't. The latest I can punch in is 3:15. Paul Simon's "Mother and Child Reunion"... plays ♪ No, I would not give you false hope ♪ ♪ On this strange and mournful day ♪ ♪ But the mother and child reunion ♪ ♪ Is only a motion away ♪ - ♪ Oh, little darling of mine ♪ - Come here, you. ♪ I can't for the life of me ♪ ♪ Remember a sadder day ♪ Ooh! It's okay. Shh, shh, shh. ♪ I know they say let it be ♪ ♪ It just don't work out that way ♪ ♪ And the course of a lifetime runs ♪ ♪ Over and over again ♪ ♪ No, I would not give you false hope ♪ ♪ Oh no ♪ ♪ On this strange and mournful day ♪ I know. It's okay. ♪ Is only a motion away ♪ Look at this stuff that my mother sent me from St. Philomena bazaar. Half of this stuff has barely even been worn. Wow. I did not think a custom‐made coat would look that good, but it really does, doesn't it? Image inspires confidence. Confidence breeds success. I just wish success bred loving your work, but I guess success is its own reward. Hm. I asked him to make me two more so you're not up every night spot treating this one. Well, if we can afford it, buy three... one for when this is dirty and one just in case, right? Right, but we can't... afford it. Well, if we really tighten our belts for the rest of the month, we can. And it's a one‐time outlay. The way you'll take care of them, they'll last for years. Hm. What? I just like looking at you. Blondie's "Heart of Glass"... plays All right. - How was the tour? - Don't go in there. It'll make you wanna redo your house. Speaking of... can we redo our house? Oh, boy. If you see what Betty's managed to make this place into on an associate's salary, you'll think anyone can, but you'd be wrong. Wait, so decorating isn't just buying the most expensive one of everything? Uh‐oh. How would I know? What's your secret? Being so happy we finally found a home some place so beautiful. - Thank you. - Among such nice people. I really think that's what it is. It's not what I want. It's not what I thought it would be. Maybe it never was, and I was working too hard to realize it. I'm suffocating, Bets. I'm done. Okay. What are we gonna do now then? Lawyers aren't on call in the middle of the night. They don't have emergencies. They can spend time with their families. You... You wanna be a lawyer now? Since when? You know what malpractice is. Medical malpractice litigation is a chance to do good, to be creative like you can't be in medicine, and to make money as one of the few who's also an MD... maybe only. And... Harvard must see that because I applied, and they accepted me. Harvard? Well, that's... wonderful. But, what... are we gonna move to Boston with a baby? - Two babies? - I know. I know it's a lot, but it's still our plan. It's just gonna take a little longer to get there, but it'll be so much more worth it when we do. We'll have to get a loan. My father won't subsidize another degree when he said there's nothing wrong with the first one, but... if you thought we'd be well off on a doctor's salary, it's nothing compared to what we will be now. What's better, Bets? Rich or richer? What's in it again? It's strawberries, white sugar, red wine vinegar... And gin. - Mmm. - And it's called a what? And is there more of it? Anything that's not the gin is called a shrub and yes. Oh, I've heard of that. That's this? My kids are still somewhere here, right? I'm just asking. Uh, still sponge painting. When they get bored of that, I've got beads and string? Should we try and talk about the ball a little? Assign committees at least before we all forget our names. Why? We have Betty now. She whipped up the perfect day on no notice using stuff she just had lying around the house and looked like a catalog model while doing it. Except for her nails. I know! I get a manicure, and then I forget, and I open a tub of Play‐Doh or undo a knot in someone's shoe, and they... I was just teasing you. I vote we put Betty in charge of the whole gala and just call it a day. All in favor say "shrub." Shrub. Stop teasing me and put me on a committee, please. Don't worry, you are on decorations and arrangements. - Okay. - And also invitations. Mm, and also special effects. You can pretend that you didn't rule the gala circuit back east all you want, Betty, but you can't fool us. All right, in you go. Ooh, I think the wind is worse here in Boston, huh, kids? Oh, but never mind that now, girls. You hear that terrible sound? It means they finally fixed the heat. Oh, and there's hot water, and Daddy's home early. Hooray. Dawson kept bending my ear. I couldn't get any work done. Telling me how he's named for his dad who's named for his grandad, So he's Trip because he's the third... Trip short for triple. Does he know that you're Dan Broderick III? You know, there's so many guys like that at Harvard. They don't have to worry about standing out or getting noticed. Their future's already secure. Well, what can we do to make sure you stand out here, then? Well... Student government elections are coming up. There's seven reps for 1L... one for each section. But if I won, I wouldn't have time for work‐study or a part‐time job. Well, it's the best law school in the country, and you're the smartest one there, and it's your job to get as much out of it as you can, and it's my job to help you. Image, confidence, success, right? So we'll cut back. We'll figure it out. Or you'll lose the election, and it won't matter anyways, - Trip. - Oh, Trip. Doesn't look like we're having a bath tonight, girls. The pipes are all frozen up again. Nothing's coming out. I... come... oh. You're just tired, Bets. Oh, I just can't. All I do is throw up and bleed and hemorrhage down my legs. And the veins... Just because it is legal does not make it right. You're just saying that, Dan, but you're not here. We can hardly afford Tracy and JenJen. That child... that child is as much our child as they are. There's no difference. Yes, there is. How would we live with ourselves? I kn... I know you don't want to do this. I know. You just want life to be simple, and it can be. Okay, we have each other. I don't have you, Dan. I have no one. You will. You will. I‐I'll be home. I'll be better. I promise. I'll take care of you the way you take care of me. All right? Come here. We'll get through this together. All right? Okay. Coop keeps lecturing us on Nordic over alpine. Apparently his father was an Olympic medalist in Nordic. And McMeel keeps talking about how Aspen is so much better than Stowe. Well, you're making good connections. Do they think that you like them? Probably. The skiing's great. Well, you've never been to Aspen, now have you, lovey? Ah, yeah, one sec. Okay, we're going for dinner now. I'll probably have to pick up the tab, sorry. No, no, it's fine. You should. Image, confidence, success. Love you. Oh! Ah! Police department. Hi, I'm... I'm alone. I'm pregnant. Something's... I need someone... a ride to the hospital. Where is he? Where did they take him? He's gone. Where? I never even saw him. I didn't get a chance to name him. You find out where they take him. You find out... you have to find out, Dan, where they have taken him. Please... no. No, I don't... It's okay. It's okay. It's gonna be okay. No. She was hysterical. She kept saying, "Dan is driving me up the wall, Dad. "He's driving me crazy. I feel like committing suicide." She didn't tell me she was at Jennifer's house She didn't tell me she had just shot anyone. I said, "Betty Anne, calm down, calm down." Before I knew it, she hung up. The Bellamy Brothers' "Let Your Love Flow"... plays ♪ There's a reason for the sun‐shining sky ♪ ♪ And there's a reason why I'm feeling so high ♪ ♪ Must be the season ♪ Hi. ♪ When that love light shines all around us ♪ - Oh, babe. - It's okay. - Oh. - I got you. - Ah. - Oh. God, really? ♪ Where your love can't hide ♪ Come... I gotta... all right, I gotta get up. Get me up. I gotta get up. Babe... That's not funny. You're the turtle. Excuse me, Daniel Broderick, get me up! - I might vomit. - Okay, okay, okay. ♪ You'll know what I mean ♪ ♪ It's the season ♪ ♪ Let your love flow ♪ ♪ Like a mountain stream ♪ ♪ And let your love grow ♪ ♪ Like the smallest of dreams ♪ - I can't believe it's over. - I know. I feel like Evelyn and Josie were just arguing about how classic Hollywood is a stupid theme, and now the ball's on Sunday. At least you don't have to worry about us trashing your house like seagulls anymore. I loved it. I'm so sad it's over. Until six weeks from Sunday when we have to start planning for next year. What time is Dan getting home? Uh, I should ask you the same question since he's probably with Martin. Yeah, but I'm used to it. Oh, I'm used to it... all the years of long hours, the pressure, med school before law school. Difference is, now he gets paid. Mm. But does Dan like it? The firm. I think so. We don't really talk about it, exactly. I can't imagine how hard Martin had to work to get where he is. Sure hope he likes it. Uh, he does. Yes. When you work so hard for so long to try and please people, and then, suddenly, they all have to try and please you, it's easy to like. It is easy to convince yourself that you deserve it. It is the Radcliffe & Nunn sickness. Eventually, they all catch it. It makes you greedy and restless and selfish and the only cure is to, uh, leave. If you don't, it changes you forever. Especially if you want it to. Also I may have been drinking, which is your fault... those amazing gin fizzes. Should we make coffee? Oh, yes. No, no, no, I'll do it. Shh, shh, shh. Ralph finally settled with Mitchell, Gillis, and Lyons. He wouldn't let any of us leave. I would've called, but... Anybody who calls home is a wimp. Yeah, exactly. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, hmm. That's it. That's the stuff. Oh, I love it. You'd think someone like Ralph who's a partner wouldn't... Senior partner. Want the associates out drinking, even for a celebration. This stuff is just as important to them as the rest of it. They love it. Ralph, Martin, they all said it. The law is a mental battlefield, and Radcliffe & Nunn is the army, and the fight never stops. You have to find your adversaries and show them that no matter how ready they are, you're readier and for longer. You gotta show them wherever you can... the courtroom, the telephone, the bar if that's where they are. That's where they usually are. And you never negotiate until you're sitting on their chest. And the only way you can get on their chest is if you're in their head. Mm. ♪ You take my breath away ♪ Hi... oh, thank you so much. - Hi. - Hello. Hi. Thank you very much. - We did it. - We did it. Can you believe it? Oh, come on. Yeah. Howard told me tonight that, uh... Steward Mutual is leaving the firm. What? Why? Ugh! Not that I wanted to represent a health insurance company, but with all the work they do give me, it was the closest thing to what I got into all this for in the first place, so I don't know. $35,000 a year to do the job of three lawyers. Mm. Ivy League educated MD, JD and to be wasted. Just wasted. - Mm. - They love you. And they're jealous of you. And they don't want anyone else to have you. - No. - And they need you. But you know what? You don't need them... for anything. So what? What should I do? Quit? - We did it. - We did it! Can you believe it? ♪ Feels a little like love ♪ ♪ Feels a little like love ♪ Should I quit? Mm. Should I open my own practice? Huh? Mm‐hmm. Ah! No, baby! Yeah, I'm gonna eat you! Oh, man. Baby, baby, stop! Oh, babe... Oh no, I'm gonna survive. - Oh, my God, I bonked you. - It's okay. I bonked you. The brass, right? So much credit. So much credit. That the bank obviously thinks you will be good for. The bank believes in you, but you can't? That corduroy... wide wale corduroy. It's the first regular paycheck I've ever had, and I walk away from it. We are leveraged up to our eyeballs. Shouldn't we be looking for cheaper office space downtown? Maybe rent one of these metal desks, filing cabinets... If you want to be a high flyer, you have to look like one before you are one. Inspire your clients. Image, confidence, success. Right? Right? $500,000 line of credit. I don't care if we lose the house... - Bets... - 'Cause I know we won't. You won't. Oh, God. Plaid... I think the brass with plaid corduroy. What? Mm, mm‐mm. Oh... Bet... Look at you. Wow, Daddy. I'm so sorry. I wanted this to be a big celebration, to kick things off in style. It's fine. I just wanna get to work. You think I want a bunch of people spilling champagne - all over the new furniture? - Hey, Trace. Okay. What's this? Oh, this is just something from us to you so that people remember to help you remember what you've done, what you're going to do, and that I think you can do anything. - Bets. - Mm‐hmm. If this works, if we pull this off, there is not a doctor in town who's gonna wanna have us as a patient. So I guess that means we have to live forever. Right? Good, but also no room for error. You're gonna have to watch what goes in your mouth from here till baby. Yeah. Remind me, you're from... what, Boston? New York. And my husband Pittsburgh. And what does he do? He was with Radcliffe & Nunn, and now he has his own law practice. Hm, Broderick. Daniel Broderick? If you choose to stay with this office for the delivery, you will have to legally agree to deliver by cesarean section that being the method over which the delivering physician has the most control. Yes, Doctor? Can you get me Marianne? I need her to witness a signature. Sure. Dan. Dan. We have two girls and two boys now, and I get so sick every time, and my veins... If we're not gonna use... Contraception, if you're... I wanna get my tubes tied. Have to find a doctor who isn't Catholic. Part of me can't believe... No more babies? What? But we have our babies. And now we'll have... that part of our life together but just... Dan, is that all right? If that's what you want, Bets. He picked up our vacation pictures from the developer. He never does things like that. It was a 24 exposure roll, but there were only 19 photos in the envelope. Something just kept telling me he had the other five. Something just told me to go look for them. Is it serious? He says it isn't. He says he was only with her a few times, but I don't know if that's better or worse. I don't think she was the first. Yvonne. I keep telling myself the Martin I know would never do this... not to me. But he did do it. He's not that Martin anymore. I don't... I don't know him. And if I don't know him, I don't know what I know. You're so lucky, Betty. You are so lucky. Elisabeth Broderick fired a total of five rounds. The first bullet we found embedded in the nightstand. The second had gone into the wall. The third, uh, we found on the rug directly underneath Mr. Broderick's body when we lifted it up. Um, the fourth bullet we recovered from under his wife when we lifted her body off the mattress. We did not find any other bullets in Dan and Linda Broderick's bedroom, but the fifth one was found later inside Linda Broderick at the morgue. Synchronized by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 