Dirty John: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dirty John 
 s2e4 - More To It Than Fun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dirty John (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - More To It Than Fun - full transcript 
 Dan gaslights Betty til the truth comes out and she sees her life has been a sham for years. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously. on "The Betty Broderick Story"... I want to go to Marriage Encounter. I love you and want to share all that I am with you, but I also need to be loved by you. I've made many sacrifices, but I've made you sacrifice as well. I want you to feel happy and to know that it was all worth it. I hired an assistant, Linda Kolkena. Get rid of her by the end of the month, or you can get out of this house. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You made a mistake. If anyone's gonna be getting out, it's you. Yes, I'm a psychologist. I hold a PhD doctorate in clinical psychology, and a diplomate in marriage and family therapy granted by the American Board of Psychology. My primary work is in the treatment of families and couples. I'm frequently referred... uh, receive referrals from other psychologists, psychiatrists, clergy. As one of my specialties within couples therapy is the study of infidelity... infidelity and its impact. Hi, Amy, it's Linda. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I have Arthur Trafford calling for Mr. Patterson. Of course. Here he is. ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ So we can be one, we can be one together ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ So we can be one, we can be one together ♪ Have a good night. - ♪ Together ♪ - You too. ♪ So we can be one, we can be one together ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ Get to know you, get to know you well ♪ ♪ Like to get to know you well ♪ ♪ So we can be one, we can be one together ♪ At what time, did they say? - Hmm. - Of course. Have a good weekend. This was in our inbox. Uh, it's for Jones, Baxter, and Gray Partners. I don't even think they're in this building. I'm sorry. Um, the mailroom might be a little too happy it's Friday. Maybe so. Thank you for bringing it down, but, if there's a next time, please let me send someone up. Your secretary should not have been bothered with this, let alone you. It was no problem. I was heading out anyway. Have a good night. Linda. Linda. - See you. - Okay. These you always put through. These, you put on hold and ask him about. - Mm‐hmm. - And all these here just say you'll have him return. Okay. Are we gonna survive the week without you, Colleen? Daniel Broderick's office. I'm gonna steal her, show her our filing system. Yes, they are. When? If you do have any questions while she's gone, please don't hesitate. I'd rather be interrupted than have something slip through the cracks. I will, thanks. Can I just say how nice it is in here? Colors, the furnishings... so elegant, but welcoming. I don't know if you used a decorator, but whoever did it, I love it. That's lovely of you to say. So what do we think? Hi. It's amazing. It's an amazing office that I can't believe is mine. - Are you sure about this? - Of course I'm sure... Because I think Colleen might think it's crazy. - What's crazy? - Me... as a paralegal. Me going from receptionist to paralegal. - What, is this about he typing? - Hmm. Colleen's not thinking anything. And even if she was, most things about being a paralegal you can't really be prepared for. You sorta gotta learn on the job. But I promise, if you're not perfect at it right away, I'll give you at least 50 more chances. Hmm? Hey, um, do you wanna come observe me do the interview with the Lindseys? Or would you rather stay in here and worry some more? Uh, observe and take notes. ♪ You won't forget my eyes ♪ ♪ Ooh, deep inside you realize ♪ ♪ You're gonna see me wherever you go ♪ ♪ You're gonna hear me on your radio ♪ ♪ There you are in your car ♪ ♪ And suddenly you hear me ♪ ♪ "Do you want me, do you want me" ♪ ♪ Take me to heart ♪ ♪ I promise you a miracle ♪ ♪ Take me to heart ♪ ♪ You're gonna be mine ♪ ♪ Take me to heart ♪ ♪ You know it's just a matter of time ♪ First, they forgot to check the monitor, then they misread it. It was just an avalanche of underreaction and negligence. - Did the baby die? - Catastrophic brain damage. So, no, baby didn't die, but her parents' hopes and dreams for her did. A good obstetrician would have seen the signs even if the labor and delivery team didn't. But from what I understand, it was just a matter of time before this guy destroyed some family with his incompetence. So what are you gonna do? Gonna make him pay. Mm, apropos of nothing, the, um, Collins report. - Tomorrow morning. - Oh. If I haven't said it recently, you're doing great. I'm glad. Because... just... You make me wanna do great. She's just putting sand on it. Okay, I'll race you. How was your weekend? Huh. Long. Would you help me with the Staedtler deposition at 10:00? I... of course. Thank you. Law offices of Dan Broderick... Just a moment. Linda... - Phone for you. - Oh, okay. Hello, this is Linda. Hello? Hello? I said, get rid of her. You thought it was your decision. You think you decide who works for me... For my practice, where I make the money that you spend. You don't. I pay for your life, everything about it. I pay for this house that you live it in. So if anyone's gonna be getting out, it's you. Are you sleeping with her? Why would you even ask me that? Are you? If this is where your head goes when you don't get your way, that's the real problem. You should get some professional help for that. A lawyer would say you still haven't answered the question. I am not sleeping with Linda Kolkena. I haven't and I'm not. In a marriage, under that marital contract, people rely on each other. They feel safe with one another. But that safety carries a price. When you have complete faith, vulnerability means what occurs with the loss of that faith... the separation from any sense of the realities of one's life. Hi. I thought you left. Is everything all right? Are you... Can you come here please? What's wrong? What can I do? Quarterflash's "Take Me to Heart" playing... ♪ Want me ♪ ♪ Do you want me ♪ ♪ Do you want me ♪ ♪ Do you want me ♪ ♪ Take me to heart ♪ ♪ Don't deny the miracle ♪ ♪ Take me to heart ♪ ♪ Surrender's just a motion away ♪ ♪ It's just a motion away ♪ *DIRTY JOHN* Season 02 Episode 04 Episode Title :"More To It Than Fun" Aired on: June 16, 2020 She was a total mega bitch last night, even worse than usual. I mean, telling Karen it was her fault for abandoning Chip? And what about Abby? I mean, she's just gonna let Diana stay with them and not even ask her about Chip being a murderer? Why are we always talking about "Knots Landing"? Well, if you watched it, you would know. I wish I cared about anything as much as they care about that show. We care about you... Almost as much. My car is out of the shop, finally. Finally. I think that calls for the cocktail I was gonna have anyway. Betty, what about you? How are you? I'm good. I'm good. I think Dan's banging his assistant, but, uh, I'm good. What? Why would you say that? Did he? Has he said that he is? No. I don't... I just... I think it. Okay, of course. There are those men. We all know them. But we all know Dan. Dan isn't like that. Nobody's like that until they are. Okay. As the only person here whose husband has actually cheated on her? Everyone just step aside. Have his habits suddenly changed? Yeah, he started coming home earlier. That bastard! Does he get impatient with you or annoyed at you for no good reason? We... we did go through a patch like that, but we passed through it. Things are good now. Is he still approaching you sexually? - Karen. - What? What? You're the one that has something wrong with him. Everybody loves Dr. Ruth. - Yes. - Ooh. Of course he is. Because he loves you. And because you look more beautiful now than you did when I first met you. It's true. Stop it, you're gonna make me cry. And also, doesn't the world already give us enough real things to be afraid of? It's true. Besides, his work hours are so terrible, if he did leave me, I probably wouldn't notice for about a week. If my maid left, on the other hand, I'd notice that afternoon. Case number 352 now on the docket. There's no way I'm gonna be able to write this down fast enough. I should've just interviewed Dad at home. No, this will be a much better report, and I have a good memory. I'll fill in the gaps if there even are any. You just do your best. What is this? Did you buy this? I tried not to. Okay, but isn't it almost like a spoof on a cliché? Don't you and Rich Crowley make fun of the guy who gets the big settlement and first thing buys a red sports car? Uh, sometimes clichés are clichés because they're goddamn amazing. Hey, why don't you find a sitter? We'll drive up the coast, have a little overnight, huh? I mean, this thing handles like a buttered rocket on the freeway. How would you know? I picked it up in Long Beach, drove it home. How'd you get to Long Beach? I knew you were room mother for Anthony's class, so I had Linda take me. Are we still waiting? No rush. I'm actually gonna go up and check on him. We're in room 612... In case we run out on the check. Yeah, well... Hey, hey. Who are you talking to? Well, the front desk told me that the office called. There's an issue with the deposition up on Monday. - So you're talking to her? - Well, if this isn't fixed, we're gonna have to ask for a continuance again. Bets, I'm trying to fix it so we don't have to leave and drive back. Bets! Bets! Hey, where were you? I went up to the room. I didn't know you were... Right where you left me. However long ago that was. What's that? They said it's called "ganache." Oh, a dress... that I look amazing in. Huh, I can't wait to find out how much that means it costs. I can't wait for you to find out either. It was eight grand. Bets, it was work. Can I get you anything, sir? Yeah, I'll take a look at the menu. Mmm. He's your husband. Remind him. Fight for him. Fight for him. The birthday is when, Thursday? You get dolled up, you go to his office, and surprise him. Bring some champagne, get there in time to watch the sunset, one thing leads to another... You're gonna need a babysitter. - I nominate myself. - Really? Hi. Where's the birthday boy? I have a surprise. Oh, he... he left after lunch. - Is Colleen here? - Chula Vista. Her niece's, um, baptism. Um, did you wanna leave that stuff? I'm his wife. I'll just... I'll... I'll wait in his office. It's kind of a mess in there, so. That's okay. During this period, the victim feels upended. She is getting information she does not want to believe, that the infidel is saying is untrue, and so she is very torn. Frequently during this time, the behavior of the infidel makes the victim feel crazy. And the infidel will tell her there's nothing wrong. She's crazy to be thinking that, that she is crazy. Get out of here! Get out of here! You were gone for hours. I thought everything must be going so great... I said, go home! You, go back to bed! Now! You want out? I moved you out. Poof. You son of a bitch. I wanted to surprise you. To surprise my husband, who wasn't even there... Who'd just left for the whole day with her. They got me a cake. - "They"... who's "they"? - The office did. Then Linda took me to lunch by the courthouse with Ron and Walter. Then I went to a hearing at 1:30, because work doesn't care that it's my birthday. I have no idea where she went. I have no idea how to fix this, Bets. I can't prove that something's not true, that it doesn't exist. I can't prove that I'm not doing something that you seem to want me to be doing. If I can't prove it, then what happens to us? I don't know. I‐I don't know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Baby, I'm so sorry. Gaslighting. It's named after a famous motion picture, in which a man who wants something from a woman pretends to be her friend, marries her, but in fact is her enemy, and in the process, being very kind to his victim, but in truth, in every moment, he is undermining her sanity. Well, we went once, just for the day. Bioethics Symposium. It was so romantic. The fog, the bridges. I keep telling Dan to figure out a way we can get back up there, but not be stuck at the conference. Mm‐hmm. The longer that the marriage goes on, the more at stake in it in terms of children, stability, its essential fabric... Everything is called into question: the victim's self‐esteem, their ability to trust themselves, as far as whether they even were a good parent, a good person, or whether they can be. - Come on, this one's great. - I don't like it. Really? I mean, the red brick, the trees... There's no pool; it's so far from the kids' schools. And I just... It's not a family house. It's not a house for children. One could argue what makes a house a house for children is children living in it. One would be wrong. This one. Didn't you say this one was a teardown? I said we could tear it down. The location alone is worth the price. - Hmm. - And the way the cul de sac is on a cul de sac... What is the price? Hmm. You got this all figured out, don't you? Mm. Shh. This is a house for children. They begin to say, "If I couldn't judge this thing "which was a part of my life every day for years, "if I misread so many things, accepted so many lies, how can I believe that I know anything at all?" Sorry, sorry. I cut it a little close. Nice to meet you both. I'm Dr. Harlan. Now, why are we here? My wife had a tubal ligation, after our younger son was born. How many children? Four. But that's why we're here. To talk about my ligation, having it reversed... Having more children. We thought we were done with all that, but, uh, we're not. What is not understood is that the more the lying goes on, the more brainwashing, as someone is told over and over something is not true that is, in fact, true, the more pressure the victim is under. Oh, well, have you... have you been? It's in Mission Bay. Dan... Dan thought that I was joking when I said fish tacos. Oh, but he loves it now. I wish we could go tonight, but he wants to try that new Italian place on Harbor Drive... uh, Basilica? No, I've never been. Oh, yeah? I've worked for you for a long time. Years. You've been here since the birth. So I just want to say something that is really very well‐meant. - Hope you don't take it the... - Colleen, just tell me. Miss Kolkena. She talks a lot to everyone here... About things you're doing together, plans you have. It's not my business. But when I think about how... it's just very... I appreciate your honesty. But also I've been miserable for years, and I'm doing this the way I want to do it. And you're right. It's not your business. In my work, and I find this particularly important where there are children... the first thing I tell the couple is the object of this therapy is a better marriage or a better divorce. Linda... Did you finish the draft? What's the matter? I was with my family. We had dinner. Everybody was asking me when I'm gonna find a man. What I'm doing to find a man. My dad, asking. My dad, who just wants me to be safe, who is such a good person. Imagine if I told them that I found a man... years ago, actually. And he says that he's in love with me. He has four children, and hasn't told his wife, but... Don't worry, she knows. He wouldn't be able to look at me. Sometimes I can't look at me. Better marriage or a better divorce. And to achieve that, the first thing that has to happen is the infidel has to be willing to both admit and express remorse, to say, "I have deeply hurt you. I have lied, I admit it. I am sorry." Those are the necessary conditions for change. In their absence, you just add to the pressure cooker. So at the follow‐up, he said that even when reattaching the tubes is successful, there can still be scarring, ectopic pregnancy... - Oh, my God. - Artificial insemination bypasses the tubes entirely, but that's when Dan lost interest. - I'm sorry. - No, it's fine. Can't say I really wanted to be pregnant again. - Good point. - I just wanted Dan to understand I would, if that's what he wanted. So now he does. So the seller came down 50 grand. That's still a $140,000 down payment. So I'm just... I'm gonna give Bets $140,000. - This is what I'm doing now. - You're not giving it to her. You're lending it to her, and then the court will give it back to you in Epstein credits. - You know this. - I know. But this isn't Monopoly money we're talking about, so I'd just like to hear you say it. A spouse, who after separation uses his separate property to pay preexisting community debt incurred by the other spouse... credit cards, car loans, lawyer fees... will be reimbursed out of community property. California Case law, "Marriage of Epstein 1979." Key words in all that salad being... - "After separation." - Jinx, you owe me a beer. I don't mean to imply that I've had it any harder than you did with Frank. What? Compared to yours, my situation was simple. Frank lived in terror of getting caught, which is probably why I caught him. Then I kicked him out, and he was never good at being a bachelor before we got married, so he begged to come back and I let him, and then he bought me a Porsche. An American fairy tale. The date of separation has to be ratified through a two‐part test. First, physical separation of spouses, as in, one has moved out of the family home. And, second, at least one spouse must have intent to end the marriage. If these two conditions are met, court will order reimbursement of any and all traceable funds expended on the other spouse from that date forward, such as, uh, when someone makes a down payment on a new house that they never intend to live in. For a while, it felt like Dan had started to think his true self was who he was with other people, that their praise meant more to him than mine, because theirs was new. Then he remembered what it is to be known... truly to be known by someone, what a gift that is. Some people never get that, ever. Like, he knows that now. He just put me through hell first. Remember, divorce is one of those words. Once you've said it, it can never be unsaid. When you're ready to tell her, before you tell her, never hurts to think about how you would want to be told. Yeah? Hey. Doug, you remember Linda. Yeah, of course. - Merry Christmas, hon. - Merry Christmas. - Hi. - Hi. But unless something is extended to the victim that says, "You are not crazy. This has happened. "You are not wrong to have these feelings "of absolute unsupport, "self‐hatred, anger toward everyone, but here they are. Let's go on." As long as there is no resolution for the victim at all, healing does not take place. I was wondering when you were coming to bed, mostly because I wanted to show you this, which I think would be such a great color on you. What are you doing? Dan? Dan. I need to think. I never have time to think about anything. If I could just have some time by myself, maybe... What do you need to think about? I don't know, my life. What about it? I don't know. I just know I need to figure out... If I don't take this time, I'm not going to be any good to anyone. You're going to be with her. I'm not, Betty. I'm just going. Just for a while. Look, I don't know what the best way to do this. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to spring it on you like this. Should I... Should I leave now or in the morning? Leave when you want to. I'm not gonna tell you when to go. Come on, you guys. Oh, my gosh, I am so hungry. - Is there waffles? - Maybe in the freezer. Is Dad here? He left already? Why so early? Work, duh. I need to tell you all something. Because why shouldn't you know? You should. You should know. Daddy's gonna be spending some time away from the house. Alone, just to think. Just to figure out things he needs to do. And he says he loves all of us... all of you. How much time? We'll find out when he's done. - When? - Mm... - Tuesday night. - He told you he was leaving? What did he say? That he needed space and time. - Well, what does that mean? - How much space? I don't know, but it's fine. Sounds wonderful, actually. I'm jealous. Who couldn't use a break from everything? But he never said "divorce." - Did he say "separating"? - I told you, no. Why would he? We're moving into the house in La Jolla together. Mmm. All she thought she knew is being called into question. What that tends to create in the victim is a tremendous sense of unreality about her very being, when, particularly over the course of a protracted infidelity, every day is filled with lies. Oh, someone had a fun night. You couldn't have called? Or... or come over earlier to help me unpack? Well... The kids are asleep! It's okay. So says you. How about the couch? I can bring things here on one of my trips, I don't mind. You just have to tell me which things you want. Don't worry about that right now. Okay, but you can't just leave all your stuff at Coral Reef indefinitely. I won't. I'm moving back in there. You're... what? For how long? I don't know. What about Lake Henshaw? We promised the kids for August. I don't think so. And it's my dad's 75th birthday back east. Are we going? You don't have to say that you're ready to be finished needing space, to take a fun family trip back east. Maybe not, but, in the meantime, you guys should go to the lake. All right. Oh, my God, big bag. - Smells weird in here. - It's just musty 'cause we were gone. Mom, what are we doing for dinner? - We're gonna have to go out. - Can we get fish tacos? Well... Oh, my God, rats! Rats! There are rats everywhere! - Yes? - There are rats! What? Rats all over this place! You have to come now! We need you! I don't... - I can't just... - Why can't you? How can you not? You hear that? It's time to act like a goddamn parent, not a college kid who leaves his family in a rat‐infested goddamn house! You have 13 credit cards, the resources to call an exterminator, and you can stay in whatever hotel. What more can I do for you? Good luck. What is this... how long have you been here? - I wanna go home. - Since dark. Where is she? New York for Grandpa's birthday. Yeah, she said you'd be back eventually. And that you've been having a lot of fun lately. And you needed to be reminded that there's more to it than fun. Yes, it was a lovely party, even though my parents warned me I was ruining it by talking about our marriage troubles in front of the rest of the family... What kind of person does what you did? - What kind of mother? - Their mother is what I am. Not a babysitter. I'm not your babysitter. You wanna destroy our family for her, that's your business. But I'm not here to make your life easier for you while you do it, or her life. Let her see what this really is, what all the fun turns into. Now. The kid are at camp, where you are not listed as next of kin. So if you show up there and try to take them away, - you will not be allowed to. - What? When they come back, they'll be living with me. I'm seeking an emergency judgment. I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to prove that I can't do this without you. Maybe that's 'cause I never tried. You have such a wonderful first day, Anthony. Are you so excited? But, sweetheart, you're gonna know everybody from kindergarten. It's gonna be the same kids, and I heard the teacher is so nice. Aww, don't be sad. You're gonna have the best time. And I can't wait to hear all about it. - Elizabeth Broderick? - Yes? You have 30 days to respond. I've been retained by Dan, Bets. You keep saying that, but can't you just represent both of us? Doesn't really work that way. Well, can you look this over, though? I'm not used to having to parse legalese about when I can see my children. Um... Look, Dan's been granted temporary physical custody. You get them Wednesdays and alternate weekends. You need to be a good soldier here, Bets. Otherwise, you risk not being able to see them at all. Is this about what you spend a month on groceries? - Yeah. - Mortgage? Uh, insurance premiums, groceries, household items. - Uh‐huh, yeah. - That look about right? Yeah. Your credit card bills are astronomical. I'm sorry, hon. I will pay them down, but then they're your responsibility. I'll notify the companies to that effect. - Fine. - $9,000. Half for the mortgage, half for everything else. More than enough, since the kids are with me. S... Okay, when you have a lawyer, let me know. Oh, okay. What the person wants more than anything else is to be relieved of this pain and this burden. And anything that will begin that process is going to be a relief, no matter how painful it is. It is going to be as if that spout on the pressure cooker is finally open and the steam can get out. Happy Wednesday. Hi! Mom, Mom! Hi! No car outside. Is Dad not even here? He just left you alone? - We were fine. - Okay. - Come on. - One more time. You ready or what? You were early. God. Hi. Hey. Mom, you're not supposed to let yourself in. Boston cream pie? What's the occasion? Oh, someone just made Dad's favorite for no reason? Who? Laura Branigan's "Self Control" playing... ♪ In the night, no control ♪ ♪ Through the wall something's breaking ♪ ♪ Wearing white as you're walking ♪ ♪ Down the street of my soul ♪ ♪ You take myself, you take my self control ♪ Too often the infidel will run further and further away as the person presses to gain that release, and of course that just increases the victim's pain and confusion and anger, making them feel their life has become a mockery... that they barely exist. A pressure cooker must have some type of release. Court order. Signed by a judge. From now on, you come on the Coral Reef property with my permission or you go to jail. How am I supposed to see my kids? - With my permission. - You are such a fool. Wait. Betty. Dan. Come on. What are you doing? We have a wonderful family. I love you. We have everything we ever wanted, and we're gonna lose it. Linda is gonna take all of it. Everyone whose last name is Broderick is gonna lose. I wish you could hear yourself. Why, because I'm wrong about her? But if I'm wrong about her, that means I'm not wrong, that there is a her, that I'm not crazy. Why not just admit it? There's no reason not to now. Was I imagining it? No. I'm in love with her. Okay. Was I ever imagining it? No. You were right the whole time. In fact, that was the problem. They were taken off the market, pressure cookers. Eventually, they tended to explode. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 