The Code: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Code 
 s1e9 - Smoke-Pit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Code (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Smoke-Pit - full transcript 
 Abe and Harper's investigation into a Marine recruiter's alleged misconduct may be derailed when the key witness refuses to testify. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I promised Jason I'd help. That's how it started, but it became something else a while ago. My lawyer's going to ask you to testify. He thinks I can win a wrongful death suit. Beautiful flowers, Lieutenant Li. What's the occasion? The occasion is having an amazing fiancé. I... should have told you. I knew we were going somewhere dangerous. I lied. It's okay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Matty's sick. If he doesn't take those pills, he thinks that people are watching him. Bottoms up. My brother's been taking cold medicine. Nona, everything okay? My God, we're having a baby. I promise you, your life's not as small as it feels... sometimes. You can go places, you can do things, but you got to be willing to dream big. The only limit on the dream... is the person who is dreaming it. That... is what the guy who recruited me into the Corps used to say. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Watching those grades, right? I'm in homeroom. Thinking about you, Trig. I can't wait to see you. All right, listen up, steakheads. Congratulations. You all get to miss gym class today. You all recognize Staff Sergeant Julian Lucas from his work around campus. I pulled you all out of class because I thought you might want to hear what the man has to say. I promise you, your lives are not as small as it may feel sometimes. You can go places... Proctor! This man is a United States Marine. I think you could give him your full attention. Okay, Coach. I got to be honest, though, I'm not really sure what I'm doing here. I'm playing ball at Pitt, not joining the military. Maybe you saw your life one way, and it all got flushed away. Now you need to write a new story for yourself. The Corps can help. I willget you on my pull-up bar, DeLuca. Come on, if 'Luca peed in a cup, the cupwould get high. I hate sneaking around like this, Trig. I mean, I'm a senior. I'm almost 18. We should be able to have sleepovers and stuff. You got to write a new story for yourself. The Corps can help you do that. It can be just as good as the one you had in your head. I don't know, man. Is the coach at Pitt keeping the scholarship open for you? You could try walking on. Do one thing for me. In a few months, when you're up and around on that wheel... just remember who believed in Steven Proctor when the world stuck him on the bench. Of course you're nervous. This wouldn't be worth doing if you weren't nervous. Just remember, it's like I told you, today's the dayToday's the day you change your story. I change my story. Give me one second. Trig, I can't see you today. Maybe not for a while. My dad's asking questions. He wants my passwords. If he finds out about us, I'm dead. Everything okay, Sarge? The officer's gonna swear you in. Just say the words back to him. Yes, sir. Who are they? Staff Sergeant Julian Lucas. Military police. We're apprehending you in connection with an Article 120 case. Article 120? What's that? Article 120. That's rape. So we're looking to give this recruiter the Big Green Weenie? According to Janea Kroll's parents, Julian Lucas slept with a 17-year-old girl while he was trying to recruit her. That's amazing. Completely fabulous. Lieutenant Li, should we assume that's coming from your end? Sorry. Thought I had you guys on mute. Of course it's rape. What else would it be? For one thing, Lieutenant, Janea Kroll has been 18 for three months. Now, based on the texts she showed her parents, it's hard to say whether Julian Lucas slept with her before then. Good thing the texts aren't the only evidence we've got. She told her parents they had sex two months before her birthday. According to them. I'd like to hear it directly from the victim. I take that you've assigned yourself the role of defense counsel? I take my turn in the rotation, same as every attorney in my shop. I asked my cocounsel to dial in, but so far she's been uncharacteristically quiet. Maya. If you don't pipe up, I'm gonna assume your plane went down. I'm here. Sorry, I had you on mute. We haven't even taken off yet, and everybody else on this plane is asleep. So why'd you ask to see the prosecution and the defense together on this one, ma'am? Julian Lucas is the best recruiter in his region. He brings in twice as many new Marines as his closest competitor. The world of recruiting is... different. It's all about hitting your numbers. Quite a gig. Death of a Salesmanin uniform. We prefer having Marines available to fight, Captain Dobbins. That's why a star recruiter is worth his weight in gold. Staff Sergeant Lucas's CO does not want to lose him. Let me know if he tries to put his thumb on the scale. Yes, ma'am. Obviously, we are in sensitive territory here. Eventually, we will have a friendlier face to present to the potential victim? She's talking about women, guys. I'll be back right after I sort out the situation. My engagement party's this weekend. I should be back from New York in time for any court-martial. How's the gown, by the way? Did you settle on the eggshell white? Ha! It's so amaz... Julian gave a Marine Corps presentation at school. It was pretty cool, so I asked him some questions right after. And what kind of questions? Janea doesn't need to join the military. She's a good student, and she was on track to get a scholarship before this... recruiter started working on her. She's still on track for a scholarship, Dom. These schools have no choice but to let you people in, and you're-you're putting grown men in a position to prey on kids. We understand your frustration, but neither of us are affiliated with recruiting. We just want to know what happened. We already told you that. This Staff Sergeant Lucas, he starting texting our daughter. Then they moved to Xipple. Those messages disappear. I mean, God knows what they were saying, but he... he clearly pressured her into a physical relationship. Due respect, sir, you told us what happened. But if this goes to court-martial, your daughter's gonna be the one to testify. You do understand that? Janea... your relationship with Staff Sergeant Lucas, did it turn physical before your 18th birthday? She's lying. It's her parents... They can't stand that Janea got involved with a Marine. Staff Sergeant Lucas, the two of you made plans to meet at a hotel room when that girl was 17. I read the texts. We didn't go through with it, I swear on my mother's life. I'm sure she's a wonderful woman, but that is not a valid defense. It's the truth. I met Janea there, we were gonna go through with it, but... I left before we even kissed. I just... I couldn't cross that line. I know I... crossed others, but we didn't do anything physical, not before her birthday. I'm not sure the panel would admire your restraint. They don't need to admire it; They just need to believe me. It'd be one thing if it was just your word against hers. You're up against hard evidence. Is there anything at all to back up your version of what happened? Now is not the time to be holding out on me, Staff Sergeant. I don't know. We sent each other a lot of messages, mostly Xipples, but there are some e-mails, too. There might be something in there, but I'd have to look through it. I'll look through it. Prosecution's gonna be looking through your computer anyway. This is a secret e-mail account. There's some stuff in there. You're not gonna like it. Yeah, I shouldn't be too late. Want me to get takeout? Usual for Danny? Okay, see you soon. You, too. These are the text messages between Janea and Staff Sergeant Lucas?- What? Nothing. I'm just wondering, how long are we supposed to pretend this thing with you and Alex Hunt is a secret? "We"? I'm kind of asking on behalf of the entire office. It's complicated. Her husband was my friend. I was the prosecutor at his murder trial. Look... my first company commander, he lost his best friend in the Beirut bombing. He married his buddy's widow. He helped raise the two kids she already had. They are the happiest family I have ever seen. Now, you think Jason Hunt would have been happier if his widow opened a Tinder account? How's Nona? Everything good with the baby? Wow. Usually people try a segue when they're changing the subject. She's great. Thanks for asking. What? Well, by my count, Staff Sergeant Lucas was corresponding with 11 different high school girls all throughout Recruiting Territory Four. And he gave you those e-mails voluntarily? There's nothing incriminating in here. Looks like Janea was the only one he made plans to get physical with. Marine recruiters are not supposed to be hitting on teenage girls. The Uniform Code doesn't cover abuses of power. But we can prosecute people for hazing their subordinates. Take it up with your elected representative. They sign off on the UCMJ. Look, hopefully, Julian is done as a recruiter, but this is a Non-Judicial Punishment. That's up to his CO. Janea, you drove all the way down here? I wanted to talk to you without my mom and dad in the room. My father... puts pressure on me. It's hard not to say what he wants to hear. Should we talk in private? It's okay. He should hear this, too. I'm not going to help you ruin Trig's life. "Trig"? Julian. That's what some people call him. Nothing happened with us. Not when I was 17. Janea, what Julian did with you, it was wrong. We think there were others, too. I understand that you care about... I did not have sex with Trig when I was 17. And even if I did, I wouldn't say so in court. You can keep going after him if you want. But I'm not gonna help you do it. Janea changed her story? That means the case against Julian Lucas is... Bereft of all reason for being? I was gonna say "completely screwed," but sure. That works, too. Dial up the profanity factor, and you could almost pass as a Marine. I'll keep that in mind when I'm polishing my Bronze Star. Wear your citations out to dinner with your fiancé's parents? Bold choice. Bard's parents aren't in town yet. Tonight, we're with... various uncles? I don't know. He's got a big family. So what's next? Staff Sergeant Lucas was corresponding with girls all over West Virginia. I'm gonna take a driving tour tomorrow. If one of them comes forward, maybe Janea will be willing to tell the truth. I take your silence to be an enthusiastic endorsement. You're going to ask a bunch of teenage girls about their sex lives. Maybe bring a woman along? Just saying. It's a fair point. I'll see if I can pull someone from another case. We're light until dinner tomorrow, yeah? I can take a quick hop down. Help out for at least part of the day. You sure? It's all good, sir. We're still a few days away from the engagement party. The same party you've delayed twice already? I appreciate your attention to the details of my wedding, but no one's delaying anything. I'll call you after dinner to make a plan. Is that okay? I can work on some invitations on the plane. Totally. I can push back tomorrow's dinner, too, if that makes it easier. Hey. I don't have to go. No, it's fine. You should. It's just... You're into this, right? Of course I'm into it. Kind of feels like, any time we actually sat down to plan, something came up. An impartial observer might conclude you're not super into this whole thing. It's our wedding. I'm into it. Just let me help out with this one thing, and, I promise, no one will have reason to doubt my enthusiasm again. Why should you vote for Matt Dobbins? Well, that's a fair question, ma'am. It's one that I happen to also be uniquely qualified to answer. I'm uniquely qualified, because I just happen to be Matt Dobbins. Yeah, it's true. I've got the... DNA and everything to prove it. Actually, I think I'm more handsome in person, ma'am. Well, I don't think it's a shame that I'm in the wrong party. In fact... And she's gone. Hey, kid. Didn't your parents ever teach you to call ahead when you're visiting someone? My parents had their hands full with my older brother. Sounds like a messy situation. Got messier since. What brings you my way, Maya? Try any good cold medicine lately? You lied to me. I know. Over and over again. You sent me those videos every morning, and you were never taking your medication. Well, that's not completely accurate. Matty, you are mentally ill. And you are running for public office. Can you just be a little quieter, please? Quiet? I've been quiet for a long time, Yeah. And, honestly, I'm not sure it's a good idea anymore. You can't say anything. Yes, I can. And if you're not gonna treat your illness, I absolutely will. I am treating it. The last batch of meds didn't work. Had all the side effects, but I still thought, you know... still think that people are monitoring me. Dr. Kendrick canceled the meds. We're now focused on cognitive behavioral therapy. CBT works best when it's paired with meds. Look, I don't know what to tell you. The meds aren't working. And I didn't say anything because I didn't want to deal with... this. It's true. Come with me tomorrow to Dr. Kendrick. I'm doing exactly what my doctor wants me to be doing. That's the last of the high school girls Staff Sergeant Lucas traded messages with. They all claim it was just the digital equivalent of heavy petting. Which leaves us... Bereft of all reason for being? I was gonna say "completely screwed." But your way works, too. Expecting to find something over there? No. It's fine. I swear somebody followed me home last night. Yes, Lieutenant Li, I'm aware that I sound slightly paranoid. Slightly? I am a captain in the United States Marine Corps, and I did two tours in Afghanistan. I know how to spot a tail. There was a gold Chevy Malibu behind me last night. I did three right turns in a row, and it was still there. Three right turns means you did a circle. Nobody needs to make three right turns. Why would somebody follow you? I have no idea. You hear that? I didn't have you down for whatever that is. I'm talking about the lyrics. We were at a dead end, so I did some digging around on Lucas' social media. Apparently, he's a big fan of the band Hardknot. That was them. You obviously think that should mean something to me. There was this trolling thing with the white nationalists a while back. The far-right tried to co-opt the "okay" sign as a symbol of racism. Sounds like a productive use of their time. They called it O-KKK. Like the KKK. Got it. Super clever. We're prosecuting Staff Sergeant Lucas for rape. Correction, we're failing to prosecute Staff Sergeant Lucas for rape. Part of what we're trying to do is get him off the recruiting billet, right? This could help. What are we supposed to be looking at? Well, that's your client's favorite band. Isn't that right, Staff Sergeant? Okay, what does this have to do with the retracted accusation against my client? Because I was just telling him that, considering the government's failure to turn up further evidence, he's likely to face nonjudicial punishment. This is about Richmond, Virginia. August of last year. Richmond? I've... never been there. Are you referring to the white nationalist rally? That's right. Hardknot's a white power band. Your client's a big fan. Once we figured out that Staff Sergeant Lucas was into racist music, we dug around. The band's website hosts a white power forum. Sound familiar, Staff Sergeant? There's a frequent poster on there with the name Trig725. That's your nickname, isn't it? Trig? That's doesn't prove anything, Captain. I agree. What's your birthday? It's July 25. 7/25. The day before the rally, Staff Sergeant Lucas requested leave from his post... A six-hour drive from Richmond, by the way... for the day of the rally. A few days later, Trig725 posted a comment about the event. "Richmond's a six-hour drive each way, "but our show of force made it all worth it. "Left with some new brothers in arms and my knuckles... "covered in the blood "of a protestor slut I had to put in her place." Janea Kroll may have changed her story, but sexual assault's not your only crime, is it? You assaulted a civilian in the middle of a white power rally. You can't prove that Staff Sergeant Lucas raped Janea Kroll, but you do think he assaulted somebody at a white nationalist rally? Can't prove that either. Yes, ma'am. He straight up admitted it. My client posted under the name Trig725. Some of those posts include attending the rally in question. In other words, he admitted it. But those claims are mere braggadocio. Lucas didn't actually attend. Sorry, did you just say "mere braggadocio"? I did, Lieutenant Li. Copy that. I'm, trying to take notes. It's... weird here. Putting you guys back on mute. Thank you. Staff Sergeant Lucas claims he wasn't telling the truth in his posts, trolling in an effort to look better to the other members of the forum. The other neo-Nazis, you mean. Extremist beliefs are prohibited by the Corps. Are you whispering, Captain Dobbins? Sorry. I'm waiting to see my brother's psychiatrist. Extremist beliefs are prohibited by the Corps, but it's up to Staff Sergeant Lucas' CO to determine whether separation or NJP is the appropriate course. Lucas' CO will probably just look the other way because he needs Lucas' recruiting numbers. I expect you're right, Captain. But if you can't prove that Staff Sergeant Lucas was at that rally and that he assaulted a woman there, that's an outcome we're gonna have to live with. Hey. Hey. You're back. Everything okay? Everything's great. You're... acting... kind of weird right now. Last night, you asked about our wedding. You deserve a better answer than the one I gave you. There's a better answer than you're into it? There's a more complete answer. I... I'm extremely into the idea of being your wife, and I can't wait to marry you. Okay. It's the wedding. Everything around it. All the... stuff. I live this life now. It's about making do. It's about... making the best you can out of what you've got. You know I respect what you do. I admire it. I do. I know. It's just... everyone assumes this is some kind of phase. I'll do my bit, and then I'll come back to the world of our families, the world of stuff. And the thing is, I like this. And when I go from this to all this, all this stuff around the wedding, it can feel... How does it feel? It feels obscene. I'm so lucky we met. I can't wait to marry you. It's just... the way we're doing it? I don't feel at home inside of it anymore. That's... a tricky one. I know. But I have an idea. Let's elope. Seriously? Yeah. I'm here for the next three days. Forget about "having a wedding." Let's get married. Tell me everything you saw, Professor Holmberg. Any detail could help. A group of counter-protestors had gathered i-in front of an African-American church that the ralliers were marching toward. I heard shouting, and when I turned I saw a man punching a woman, over and over. There was blood everywhere. Any chance you can tell me about the victim? She was young. White. Long blonde hair. What about the attacker? I couldn't tell you much. Light hair, I think? He had on a black T-shirt. I remember the drawing. It was like a Viking hanging a skeleton by a noose. Thank you, Professor. I'll call back if I have any more questions. You... left these in my office. I read they're good to take during the first 12 weeks. Helps prevent neural tube defects, I think? Is it weird? I-I didn't know what to get. Nah. Guys give each other pregnancy vitamins all the time. Thanks. Um, I'm happy for you guys. You're gonna be great parents. Make sure Nona takes those; The health of little Abe is nothing to trifle with. "Little Abe"? What if it's a girl? I think it works either way. Hey, that call I was on? There were no official reports of assault on the day of the Richmond riots, but I tracked down a sociology professor who wrote a blog post about one of the marchers assaulting a counter-protestor. You heard that about the Viking and the noose? I'm sure there were a lot of Hardknot fans in Richmond that day. I'm going to dig through every story about the riot, every video posted on the Web that was recorded outside that church. See if I can get a look at this guy. Care to lend a hand? You mean, do I care to build a case against my own client? We're talking about a white nationalist rally, Trey. If Julian did go to that rally... do you want someone like that in the Corps? Matty? Sorry to interrupt. No worries. I was just going over Dr. Kendrick's list of "things that aren't true." I thought you were flying out. Um, I'm gonna catch a later hop. Okay. So what's up? Should you be doing this? The campaign. Matty. You believe things that aren't true. People are going to vote for you without knowing that. You tell people you're sick, they feel sorry for you. You tell people you're mentally ill? They give you a nervous smile and back away. The stigma is real, kid. If I say anything, I'm... finished. I'm not saying it's fair. But I am wondering if it's right. I'm diagnosed with delusional disorder. I'm not schizophrenic. I don't have hallucinations. I'm not thinking different crazy thoughts every day. I have one very specific, localized delusion. I believe that I'm under surveillance. I'm not saying it's a good deal, but I can manage it. I do manage it. Except when you don't. Look around. This dumb room with these folding chairs? This is exactly what I've always wanted. I went to Wall Street after college so I could have money for this. I'm good at it. And I can do good with it. I'm not gonna give it up because we're in the Dark Ages when it comes to mental illness. And besides, I'm gonna lose. Like, really. We've got no money left. The party gave up on us a long time ago. The second debate's in two days. If it doesn't move the needle for me, we're gonna have to close up shop. Stay with me if you're worried. Watch me. Help me. What are you thinking about? I'm trying to imagine what it's like. Knowing with your head that something isn't true, but believing it in your heart, anyway. It must be so hard. I can't imagine. No luck? Don't you have a pregnant wife to get home to? I... got caught up in something. I'll walk out with you. I'm done here. What's up? You found this on your own. Replace us. Jews will not replace us. Jews... Staff Sergeant Lucas. You've been busy, Major Ferry. What can I say? You made me curious. Lucas lied to me yesterday. He did attend that rally, and now you can prove it. We think that's the woman who Staff Sergeant Lucas assaulted. Alleged assault. Do you know who she is? It helps to have a victim when you're prosecuting an assault. We're looking, ma'am. And why is defense here? I need to recuse myself as lead counsel. I'm passing the case off to Captain Dobbins. I may have provided evidence to the prosecution. Technically, he was representing. Staff Sergeant Lucas in a different matter. I'd like to request that Major Ferry stay on as second chair. Are you calling in from some kind of sporting event? Sorry, I'm in the middle of a phone shift. Trey can run point on our investigation while I'm in Winston-Salem. As long as he doesn't examine any witnesses in court, I'm fine with that. Lieutenant Li, have you been driven to elopement yet? Why would you say that? - I'm kidding, Harper. - It's just... It's a lot of time with relatives. Yeah. I'll keep working to find the name of the woman who was attacked. Elopement, that... that is funny, ma'am. Hey. You missed the girls. Danny says "good night." Hey. My lawyer called this afternoon. He wants to see us both. I guess he's gonna send out a press release when he files the suit. He wants us both ready to answer questions about why it's valid to sue the Marines over Jason's death. What are you looking for out there? I keep seeing this car everywhere I go. I swear it's following me. I know how that sounds. There it is. Where you going? Dakota Bails? That guy's tailing you? NCIS ran the plates for me. The guy's got a good PI name, I'll give him that. It looks like he hasn't updated his site in a decade. It's been a while. The Dakota Bails Agency closed its doors in 2013. Apparently, Mr. Bails became the in-house investigator at Werber & Swillce, Attorneys at Law. Swillce. As in Dennis Swillce? Yep. Why is your own attorney having you followed? He's not my attorney. I'm a witness in one of his cases. Okay. So why is he having one of his witnesses followed? This case is huge for him. He's planning to have it go all the way to the Supreme Court. I guess he doesn't want any surprises. Alex and I are gonna go see Swillce tomorrow anyway, and we'll be discussing Mr. Bails. Harper, any luck running down that counter-protestor? Not yet, but I found a picture where you can see her sweatshirt. It has a logo on it for something called Schoolgirl Reaper. It's a manga from the '90s. A what from the '90s? A Japanese comic. Tokyo Ghoul, Lone Wolf and Cub? I don't know those things, and I don't know why you know those things. They also turned Schoolgirl Reaper into a pinball machine. I guess it's really hard to find, so it has a cult following. I signed up for some sub-groups on social media. Hopefully, I'll find someone who can point us to our assault victim. In other words, our case relies on pinball collectors and fans of Japanese comic books? Pretty much. Can you hear that, Lieutenant Li? It's the sound of your colleagues not holding their breath. We got to get rolling. Debate's in 90 minutes. What? I just never get tired of seeing you in that uniform. I'm proud of you. Mom and Dad would be so proud of you right now. Thanks, Matty. I wish I believed they were watching over us, you know? To be that kind of person? Might make this easier. Well, you can still think about it even if you don't believe it. Is that what you do? Sometimes. A lot. How can I help you right now? What do you need? I think I'm gonna be okay. Well, I have to figure out if I can live with this, right? So one way or another, it's gonna be worth it. That's kind of a morbid outlook. I don't think there's anything you can do. It's okay for me to believe that people are watching me. It has to be okay, because I can't not believe it. It's not how I came out of the factory. I just have to keep reminding myself that I can't say it to other people. It'll be hard. - I get nervous up there, you know? - Guys. It's been time. We'll be right there, Addison. Matty. When you're out there tonight, you can say those things to me. What are you talking about? I'm gonna be in the front row. If it gets bad, just look at me. I'll know. You're not alone with this. Harper. What's up? HARPER: The woman we're looking for is named Alethea Lindgren. Seriously? The comic fans came through? It was the pinball collectors, actually. She commented on a site about the Schoolgirl Reapermachine. The guy who put up the page gave me her name. Pinball for the win. Let's get her statement. Abe, two months after the Richmond riots, Alethea was a passenger in a car that veered off the road near Burlington, Vermont. They think the driver fell asleep. The car fell about 70 feet after it went through a guardrail. There were no survivors. She can't testify against Staff Sergeant Lucas. She's been dead for months. I kind of don't even know what to say. Um, you just kicked Bryson Culler's ass from bell to bell. I think some gloating would be appropriate. His people are still gonna spin this as a win, and, I mean, I'm still going to lose. But yeah. Culler broke out into a flop sweat as soon as I nailed him on attendance. Matt. This is Tiffany Dixon-Green. Yeah, of course. Um, I know who you are. Matt Dobbins. It's a pleasure to meet you. Thank you. Can we...? Of course. Excuse me, everybody. Not you, Captain. That was quite a performance, young man. Thank you. Didn't even know you were there. No, you didn't. The national party has taken an interest in this race. Seriously? I can't even get the local people to return my calls. That's a failure of imagination that we intend to correct. This picture... you two... Works for us. Service and progress hand in hand. We're gonna raise money for you. Are you kidding? I'll need you both available. We need to talk strategy going forward. Personnel. Press. Ma'am, I'm an officer in the Marine Corps. I understand you can't actively campaign, but you can be around the campaign. Frankly, we need you to be. That uniform you're wearing might just get your brother elected. Let me make sure I have all this straight. You, Major Ferry, are not the primary counsel for Staff Sergeant Lucas. That's correct, Your Honor. TALLEY: But you are arguing in support of this motion to dismiss. Your Honor, Captain Dobbins is on a flight back from North Carolina. She'll take first chair when she gets here. I read your motion. That's your cue, counselors. Argue away. Your Honor, the government is arguing that my client committed an assault while on leave. This should be a matter for the civilian courts. We intend to demonstrate that Staff Sergeant Lucas instructed his fellow marchers in Marine close combat techniques on the day of the riot. Staff Sergeant Lucas was, in fact, acting as a Marine. That is quite an imaginative interpretation of the facts. If you're willing to buy that, Your Honor, the fact remains there is no victim of this alleged assault. The victim's name is Alethea Lindgren. She can't testify because she died two months after the riot. Alethea Lindgren never filed a complaint with the Richmond police. The same police who shot tear gas at her? Your Honor, Staff Sergeant Lucas admitted he attacked someone that day. Those posts were not mere braggadocio. But the fact remains that you are trying to prosecute someone for an assault that does not have an established victim. There are witnesses. Eyewitness testimony is unreliable under the best of circumstances. We're talking about the middle of a riot. Enough. I've got it. Normally, I'd be inclined to let you two duke it out in front of a panel. But you haven't got the goods here, Captain Abraham. Motion to dismiss is granted. Staff Sergeant Lucas, you are free to go. Hey, I'm sorry I can't make the Swillce thing today. I'm leaving soon. Yeah, I know it's bad timing, but I had to drive out to West Virginia. Can we... can we reschedule? I don't know if I can get another afternoon off work. Can you try? I really want to be there when we ask him why he's having me followed. Yeah, I'll check. What are you doing in West Virginia? Throwing a Hail Mary. I'll talk to you soon. Janea. I don't want to talk to you. I won't be long. Just hear me out for two minutes, and I'll never bother you again. Staff Sergeant Lucas... Julian... He's gonna be back at his post soon. I heard. We believe he attacked a woman in Richmond last year. Hit her in the face more than once. But we can't prove it. Seems like a running theme with you guys. I'll tell you one thing that's not up for debate. Julian believes some pretty disgusting things. He posted that stuff under the name Trig725. He admitted he wrote all that, as if the name didn't make it obvious. He's proud of that stuff, Janea. I don't understand. If he thinks these things, how could he...? It's a thing with these guys sometimes. Maybe they don't always connect the stuff they're writing with the real world. Maybe he thinks you're one of... One of the good ones? I don't know. But that stuff you're reading? That's the real Julian. That's the guy you're protecting. Marine Staff Sergeant Lucas was taken into custody today and faces charges of rape connected to his relationship with a high school student. Look at you. I better hope the justice of peace is a straight guy. Not a gay lady? That works, too. You ready? What's wrong? This isn't what I want. Everything you described the other day... The dinners, the parties, all that stuff... That's what I see when I think about marrying you. That's what you used to see. That's what I want. I'm sorry. Don't apologize. It's what you want. I'm not apologizing, but I am sorry. You don't want that. I don't want this. Where does that leave us? Hey. Never heard back from you about that meeting. What's wrong? I went, Abe. It was so obvious. We should have known. What's obvious? He had you followed because of us. I don't know if I said the wrong thing somewhere along the way or... I don't know, he heard you were with me one too many times. Got suspicious. He was looking for confirmation. We're not doing anything wrong. Think about how it's going to look. I'm suing the Marine Corps for the murder of my husband, and you're the star witness. And we're... I don't know, a couple. Swillce says the case is going to be compromised. I'm gonna get dragged through the mud. We both are. We're gonna get dragged through the mud anyway. Abe. If we keep doing this, he's gonna drop me as a client. Captioning sponsored by. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 