The Code: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Code 
 s1e10 - Secret Squirrel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Code (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Secret Squirrel - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously onThe Code... People treating you different now that you put on your combat "V"? RPG! Getting a lot of questions all of a sudden. When am I coming back to my real life? How are you both? We're not good. Our son lost his leg. I'm not doing this. Glenn... Asa, you're trying to write a story that I don't want to be in. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I didn't take the test. It's brutal what the military did to the last batch of MAVNI recruits, but that has nothing to do with you. Somebody has to stand with those people. How long are we supposed to pretend this thing with you and Alex Hunt is a secret? It's complicated. Her husband was my friend. I was the prosecutor at his murder trial. If you and I stay together, I'll never get justice for Jason. You nodding off, Marine? Wide awake, Gunny. When was the last time you went on patrol? 0200, sir. Looks like it's about time for another one, Sleeping Beauty. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I was told to stagger my patrol times so they don't fall every hour, on the hour. What is your 11th general order, Marine? To be especially watchful at night and, during the time for challenging, to challenge any and all persons on... Exactly. Your duty is to watch over these detainees, not catch Zs and talk back to your staff NCOs. Your duty is to watch over detainees, not catch Zs and talk back to staff NCOs. Really, Gunny? Could've sworn my primary duty was to kiss your ass on command. Hey. What're you doing in there, Nadoo? What the hell? Hey! Alarm status one. Alarm status one. Force Protection Charlie, all gates. Force Protection Charlie, all gates. No! All clear. There's no one here. No! I saw him. No! Stop! Eyes on the north gate. Let's go, let's go! Guard tower, stop that van! Control room. Override lockdown on the north gate. I repeat: Override north gate. Get that gate open. We need to pursue that van. We need to pursue that van. Control! Where the hell are you? They set off gas in here, too. Hey! Why was this door locked? You let a prisoner escape. Gunny... Hands up, on your knees. Over. What are you doing in here? You set off that gas grenade? Good morning, Captain Abraham. Glen-One-N, good to see you persisting in spite of the world's most mysterious injury. I was in a car accident, sir. A one-car accident with no witnesses. Nevertheless, you're an inspiration to us all, Glen. What can I do for you this morning? You asked for these updates on your way in. I haven't heard any updating yet. Colonel Turnbull wants you in the conference room ASAP. There was a prisoner escape at Camp Delta One last night. A former AQI strategist named Anwar Nadoo set off a gas grenade. Anwar Nadoo broke out of Gitmo? Who was the inside man? How did you know? Nobody could get out of Guantanamo without help. Who was it? A Gunnery Sergeant Miles Wicks ordered a guard to go on patrol before the escape. There was a van waiting to drive Nadoo off the base. Drive him off base? Weren't they on lockdown? A second gas grenade went off in the control room. When they broke in, they found Gunnery Sergeant Wicks in a gas mask. He was deleting security footage. So that's conspirator one. What do we know about the van? Your repartee is squared away as always, Glen-One-N. Can you drop this in my office for me? What? I'm not supposed to carry heavy stuff. Anyone else miss Rami? Me. Oh, I do. Obviously. No offense, ma'am, I know Glen-One-N works for you. Hey, I want a new Warrant Officer more than anyone. You think I like sharing my adjutant? Any news on that? The staffing request is "held up." They're punishing us for supporting Rami when he refused to take his citizenship test. Lieutenant Eick briefed you on the Gitmo escape? In his own special way, yes. Lieutenant Li and I are on prosecution? Yes. Well, have fun with this one, guys. They found your client wearing a gas mask and, uh, erasing security footage. Oh, look at you, 30 seconds on the case, and you're already feeling yourself. We haven't even talked to Gunnery Sergeant Wicks yet. Well, when you do, advise him to give up his co-conspirators right away. It's the last piece of leverage he's got. What's this? Oh, Harper's wedding invitations went out. Did you import your calligrapher from the Middle Ages? I didn't want a calligrapher at all. I was fine with the online invites. Well, if I'm deciphering this correctly, that's less than three months away. You must be getting excited. Or not. Can we get back to talking about the prisoner escape? A week from Saturday? Definitely. I'll be there. Thanks. What? I'm sizing you up, Major Ferry. The national party's throwing a fundraiser for my brother's campaign. Right, you told me. Got the details now. They want Matty to bring a date. The idea is to lean right into the fact that he's gay. Commendable. In theory. In practice, it means that I can't be his date, which means, if I'm gonna be there... You need to bring someone, too. But I'm aware that you have a wife and that she's pregnant. I'm not asking you, you just happened to be sitting there when I hung up. Yes. I had my gas mask with me in the control room. Is it a crime to be prepared? Of course not, but having your mask on hand, it's not common practice. Every other Marine on watch succumbed to the gas right away. The prosecution will say you had foreknowledge of Nadoo's plan, that's why you had the mask. Between that and the fact that you sent PFC Mason on patrol right before the escape and deleted the security footage... I didn't delete it. At least, I didn't mean to. You try working that equipment after someone sets off a gas grenade. The charge of releasing a prisoner without proper authority, that's going to be difficult to disprove, but if we can avoid charges of conspiracy... Brig time? I never took you for a surrender monkey, Dobbins. Captain. Major. I'm here to relieve you of your duty. Ace. You lost? We're a long way from Camp Pendleton. Nobody calls me "Ace" anymore. Major Acevedo will do. Oh, you don't have to point out the foliage. You got it shined so bright, I could see it from space, sir. Like I said, you're both relieved. This order states I've been assigned to Gunnery Sergeant Wicks' defense. Gunny Wicks is serving under Marine Corps. Security Force Regiment. That's Quantico jurisdiction. Feel free to call the Commandant if you take issue with his orders. In the meantime, I'd like to speak with my client. Congratulations. You just met Santiago Acevedo, aka the Commandant's Ace. "The Commandant's Ace"? Be careful not to sprain your eyeballs while they roll back in your head. Santiago claims that someone else gave him the nickname, but if you ask me, it's self-applied. A self-nicknamer? That's a serious accusation, Marine. I realize that, sir; The charge stands. After we graduated Naval Justice School, Santiago got assigned to Camp Pendleton. Apparently, he's never lost a general court-martial. Something wrong? Well, this makes no sense. Anwar Nadoo planned attacks on Americans all over Mesopotamia. Wicks might as well have walked him out of Gitmo. Why does the Commandant want his pet Hollywood lawyer on defense? It's incredibly weird, I agree. Gunnery Sergeant Wicks helped a terrorist escape from the most secure prison in the world, and it sure as hell seems like the Marine Corps wants him acquitted. That's the footage that Gunnery Sergeant Wicks claims to have deleted accidentally. The NCIS cyber team recovered some of it. And... he is the gunny's commanding officer. That's Lieutenant Colonel Jesse McCoy. Obviously, he helped Anwar Nadoo escape. Where's McCoy now? We don't know. No one's seen him since that video was shot. Are they in Cuba or not? It seems clear that they left the island. We're not sure how. The FBI's working with Homeland Security to figure it out. What does the gunnery sergeant say? Does he admit to conspiracy? Wicks issued a statement through his new attorney. He claims that McCoy ordered him to release Nadoo so he could be treated for a recently discovered congenital heart defect. And I'm assuming there's no written record of said order. No, ma'am. McCoy left some belongings behind at Gitmo. We're having them shipped up here so we can sift through them. Ma'am, your contractors are waiting. Do you need some time? Five minutes, Lieutenant. Yes, ma'am. Lieutenant Eick, you forgot your, uh... I don't need to wear it all the time. Of course not. Excuse me. Adam is being discharged from the hospital, and his permanent prosthetic is still not ready, so I need to rearrange a few things at the house. How's he doing? He's an amputee, Captain. He... wakes up every night with a burning pain in his leg that isn't there. My God, Rami, this is your new assignment? Captain Dobbins, come in. I don't have a chair for guests. Please, sit. No, it's okay. Keep your chair. What is this place? Um... Well, have you read about those rooms where they send teachers who aren't fit to lead a class anymore? This is the Marine equivalent of that. A place to warehouse the otherwise unassignable. What do they have you doing down here? My current orders are to "stand by." I can't think of a worse punishment than asking you not to work. The Corps is not happy that I'm refusing to take my citizenship test. This is how they express that. I'm sorry, Rami. We're trying to get you back. Does he play that all day? Corporal Ingersoll, can we please have some quiet? Seriously? Who helped you itemize your tax deductions? About your protest. The national party's throwing a fundraiser for my brother. I need a date. It's a chance for you to talk to some important people about why you're doing this. Most people don't even know what the MAVNI program is, let alone that the military backed out of promises to give those people citizenship. That is extremely thoughtful. My orders are to stand by at all times. They want you to do nothing constantly? Lieutenant Colonel Maddox often calls my house personally, just to make sure I'm in compliance. That sounds like harassment. Not according to my CO. She says I'm serving my country. I count three pairs of underwear in here. Hardly sufficient for the needs of an officer in the field. Lieutenant Colonel McCoy either packed to be gone for a while, or he needs to visit his quartermaster. Oh, my invitation arrived in the mail yesterday. How many years in advance do you have to reserve St. Patrick's Cathedral? I think Bard's mom settled on a date the minute he brought me home for dinner. Everything good on that front? You used to, uh, I don't know, glow when you talked about the wedding. Am I not glowing? You are not. It all seems like... a bit much. We talked about scaling down, and then we stopped talking about scaling down. It's your wedding. Don't go along to get along. It's my wedding and it's his wedding and it's his mom's wedding and it's our families' wedding and I don't know. What do you and Alex do when you're at an impasse? Me and Alex? Trey told us we could talk about that with you now. Too soon? Alex and I are taking a break. Seriously? It's the Feres case. Alex is suing the Marine Corps over her husband's murder. I'm a witness. If we're involved, it looks... Got it. Yikes. The whole point of that case is to go all the way to the Supreme Court. That'll take years. Yes, it will. You okay? Are you jarheads taking care of our evidence? Why is NCIS being so, uh, generous with this? It's not like you guys to share. We'll get to that. But first, this is Lieutenant Colonel McCoy's computer. Our cyber team was able to recover a third-party messaging app that was deleted on the night of the escape. It's called RapidRange-Chat. We also did a sweep of Gunny Wicks's computer, found the same app, deleted within minutes of McCoy's. If we can prove that Wicks and McCoy communicated about the escape via RapidRange, we've got them on conspiracy. Except... our cyber team was not able to crack the messages. Ah. Now I see why you're here. FISC. Agent Manion needs us to present this to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in D.C. We can request a FISA warrant and compel RapidRange to release the unencrypted messages. NCIS can't do that... without a lawyer. Will they give us the warrant? I've never argued there, but from everything I hear, FISC is a prosecutor's wet dream. No defense counsel in the room, and if you can even wink in the direction of probable cause, they give you what you need. And before you object, I'm aware of the Fourth Amendment implications, but there is a terrorist running around. We can argue the Big Brother of it all once Anwar Nadoo's in custody. Hey. Hey. That's Tonks. My granddaughter likes me to take a selfie with him wherever I go. I'm Judge Park. What's up? The government takes any request to circumvent a citizen's Fourth Amendment rights very seriously, but... Do me a favor, Captain, Cut to the chase. Your Honor, Gunnery Sergeant Miles Wicks and Lieutenant Colonel Jesse McCoy appear to have colluded with known terrorist Anwar Nadoo to orchestrate his escape. Their actions are a direct threat to our nation's security. Got it. You're good. Wait here, we'll nudge RapidRange to get you these records. I've filed three different requests to get Rami back. Even Colonel Turnbull's making calls. I'm not talking about official channels. What areyou talking about? You should see where they have him stashed away. Lieutenant Colonel Maddox is playing dirty. We need to play dirty, too. Maddox runs HR for all of Quantico. She's already jamming up our staff requests. I don't even know what "play dirty" means. I don't, either. I've been to two different refrigerators, and I still can't drink my coffee. Who replaces this stuff? That was an unofficial duty. I'm covering the official ones. Thanks for your service. What's that? Harper's soy milk. You're right. We need to play dirty. Shh-shh-shh... So sorry, Your Honor. I, um, I-I got a little stir-crazy. There were some complications, but my clerk was able to connect with legal representatives at RapidRange, and, uh, these documents were approved for release. Thank you, Your Honor. These pages are all redacted. Mm, mostly redacted. Decrypting the messages isn't exactly helpful if they're all... blacked out after the fact. It is what it is. Is there someone I can appeal this to? No. Live by the secret court, die by the secret court. Well, these are completely useless. NCIS needs to find Lieutenant Colonel McCoy, you guys need to prosecute Gunnery Sergeant Wicks, and we need these messages to do either of those two things. We could appeal to RapidRange directly. We tried. The CEO shot us down cold. Then we need to make a different argument to FISC. Or at least an argument that feels different enough for them to look again. The argument I made today was, "the guy" "who planned attacks that killed more than 50 Americans is out there doing God knows what." Do you have a better one, Lieutenant? Should we just squint real hard at these papers, then? Whatever this special argument is, we need time to come up with it. Gunny Wicks requested a court-martial by military judge. There is no panel. This is all gonna happen fast. We need a continuance. Can I get you anything? Lieutenant Colonel Maddox was supposed to see me at 1715. She knows you're here. Major. We've made several requests for a new warrant officer, ma'am... That said, considering the unique needs of the Judge Advocate Corps, it's become apparent we need Rami Ahmadi back. Mr. Ahmadi is doing important work at Corps Training. He's sitting in a basement with his thumb up his backside, ma'am. You're squeezing him because he's protesting what we did to the latest batch of MAVNI recruits. Marines don't protest. We'd like Mr. Ahmadi back. He's essential. Your request is noted. I wrote it in his file next to the other ones. Due respect, Lieutenant Colonel Maddox, Rami Ahmadi is the best warrant officer I have ever worked with. He's a dedicated Marine, and we are not gonna stand by while you pull a catch-22 on his career. Uh, HROMB is a big department. You got, what, 900 Marines working for you? Give or take. If this doesn't go our way, my office is prepared to offer special treatment to your staff. Any time one of them comes up for discipline, we'll go at them as hard as we possibly can. You'll lose time and manpower. We'll never settle out to non-judicial punishment, not where the Human Resources and Organizational Management. Branch is concerned. Does Glenn Turnbull know you're pulling this? The colonel's been briefed. We're real good at this kind of thing over here, Major. You're not getting Rami Ahmadi back. Do yourself a favor and don't bring it up again. No second chair for Major Acevedo. Well, I guess when you're undefeated, you work solo. "Undefeated." How does he measure that, anyway? All rise. He's never settled before a panel reached verdict? Never had a mistrial? I understand the government filed an extension. What gives? Your Honor, the government respectfully requests a continuance to submit a modified request to the FISC Court of Review. Colonel Zugler, the government has already submitted... I'm a colonel and a judge, Major. Colonel Judge Zugler, the government has already submitted a request, and the FISA judge approved the evidence... The heavily redacted evidence. Which, nevertheless, still qualifies as evidence. Your Honor, we'll never know the full extent of what happened here if we can't read those messages. Since when are you a defeatist, Captain Abraham? It is not the will of this court to question or otherwise undermine a decision from a federal judge. Permission for extension... denied. I measure undefeated in wins and losses. I'll see you soon. Colonel Judge Zugler. With respect to the federal decision, this is a military court. Gunnery Sergeant Wicks deserves the chance to have the evidence against him reviewed by military personnel. Federal law and the UCMJ afford you the opportunity to review the unredacted evidence personally. In camera. I'm aware of my in camera privileges. Then why not take a look at the messages? Decide for yourself if whatever's in there merits another run at the FISC Court of Review. Very well. We will recess for in camera review. In camera review? It's a Hail Mary, I know. Zugler can declare all of the evidence inadmissible; He can pretty much do whatever he wants. Can he make it worse than useless? 'Cause that's what it is now. "Intimidated" is not the word I would use. Lieutenant Colonel Maddox definitely did not seem intimidated. How did she seem? Tumescent. She seemed swollen by sexual arousal? I mean, there are some people who get off on this kind of thing. Major Ferry? Sergeant. Phils. Georgia Phils. How's life in HR? Can we... talk in private? I think it sucks. What Lieutenant Colonel Maddox is doing to that man. We agree. It does suck. She works harder than anyone, but... she has a cruel streak. You're not gonna win. Not the way you're going about it. How do we win? I... keep the Lieutenant Colonel's calendar. Pay a lot of her bills. There are... inconsistencies. Code words that she thinks I don't see through. Lieutenant Colonel Maddox is having an affair with someone on base. Adultery's still illegal in the Marines, isn't it? Lieutenant Li. See that squared away-looking guy? He was asking for you. Hello, sir. I'm Lieutenant Harper Li. Can I help you with something? My name's Daquan Glass, I'm one of the senior instructors at SERE school in Maine. Do you know what we do? Survival, evasion, resistance and escape. That's right, we teach Marines and our unfortunate squid cousins how to avoid capture in combat... and how to escape if they are captured. You are something of a unicorn for us. I'm not sure I follow, Captain. You're a woman who's seen close combat. Led Marines out of a jam, you came back with a Bronze Star. I think you'd have quite a bit to share with our students. Uh... thank you, sir. Of course, you'd have to go through our training first. There's a new class cycling in six weeks from now. And I will hold you a spot if you put the request through your CO. Six weeks from now? Uh, how long does the course last? We'd keep you in Maine three weeks. They're recruiting you for SERE? That's quite the honor. I know, right? I'm excited. Well, you should be. It's a great experience. When does it start? In six weeks. Well, at the risk of highlighting the obvious, uh, you're getting married during that window. Colonel Judge Zugler wants to see you. I conducted my in camera review, and it is my determination that the messages between Gunnery Sergeant Wicks and Lieutenant Colonel McCoy are hereby deemed inadmissible. Furthermore, the entity known as RapidRange will be struck from all court filings. Sorry, you want us to pretend the whole company doesn't exist? On what grounds does the court declare a private corporation untouchable in a case impacting national security? I don't have to explain my decision to you, Captain. We will proceed in camera for the duration of the case. An in camera preceding denies the public access to the findings. Why is everybody trying to push this thing into the shadows? I know you don't owe us an explanation. We urge you to reconsider and declare reassignment to a public court-martial with a panel. Denied. We will move forward with the case the day after tomorrow... in camera. And there will be no mention of RapidRange. Ma'am, there's a span in the works. It's the Miles Wicks case. Every time someone gets a look at the unredacted evidence, they get all squirrelly. It's like they're afraid of showing us the truth. When some people get frustrated, they start to see conspiracies. Some people, not me. There's a span in the works, ma'am. I'm, like, 80% sure it's a. "Johnny Spann Lion of Fallujah" type of situation. Which is why you came to me. I hate to ask. I know things aren't exactly optimal between you and your ex. Asa's still my husband, for the moment. It's the "for the moment" part that makes me hate to ask, but you're the only one in the office who's married to an Executive Vice President of the Balemore Consulting Group. For the moment. Balemore has its fingers in all sorts of rancid little pies. If this is what I think it is, Asa might be able to get us what we need. Anything that he shared on background would not be admissible. Help me figure out what's actually going on, ma'am. Then we can worry about how to prove it. First of all, I never have more than two drinks, but even if we got lit, I would never let you talk me into blackmailing another Marine. Who says I'm trying to talk you into anything? We keep dancing around the subject. So what do you think? I think we're officers and we both know better. What do you think? I think you're not wrong. So then we agree. Why did we order another round? You're not wrong, but you're also not gonna get Rami back. Rami wouldn't want us to do the thing you're thinking about doing. Of course he wouldn't. That's why he's worth fighting for. Bad people win when good people won't get down in the mud with them. You hate the fact that adultery's still illegal in the military. I've heard you rail against it a dozen times. It's disgusting. Who gets charged with adultery more, you think, men or women? And to protest this injustice, let's pillory a female Lieutenant Colonel for the crime of stepping out on a marriage we know nothing about. I'm not saying we actually expose her. You've met Maddox. You threaten that woman, you best be ready to follow through. I want Rami back just as much as you do, but I'm not gonna do it like this. Good night. That's a pretty damn gigantic ask, Glenn. Is it? Balemore's one of the leakiest ships in town. You'd have plenty of cover. First of all, every big consulting shop has leaks. Don't get defensive, Asa. Your company exists to help the government catch terrorists, and that's what we're trying to do here. Been a while since we had a second drink. It's been a while since we've seen each other outside a hospital. How's the house? You ready for Adam to come home? Ugh, contractors. I feel confident that you have the situation in hand. You look good. You stopped to change on your way here. Sometimes I do like to wear regular clothes. And if you're gonna do this for me, don't do it because you like my outfit. They're coming down on leaks, Glenn. The word is they're looking to make an example of somebody. My contract is up in five months. Our son just lost a leg. I don't think it is the best time to be looking for work. You okay? I'm fine. Just... being selfish. This is not what I saw. Driving home alone to an empty apartment, our son... I made plans for us... and God laughed. Harper? How did you get... I grabbed a hop from Quantico. I'll go back in the morning. Are you okay? Just... let me feel you for a sec, okay? Can we delay the wedding? What? They picked me for something called SERE school. Starts in six weeks. Okay. That's great. Can you do it another time? Probably... I don't know. They're offering it to me now. We have a church. People already made travel plans. Everything's happening. Okay, okay. No, see, you make me point that out and suddenly I feel like the bad guy. It was just an idea. You flew up here in the middle of the night because of an idea? Is this still what you want, Harper? Are we okay? Yes. Hey, uh, you know who's in town? Jasper Kern. Yeah, a bunch of us from school are getting together on Thursday. Everyone's been asking about you. Why don't you stay? Hang out with our friends. I have to get back to Quantico. So come back after. Everyone's so excited for us. You should be around that. Maybe you'll get excited, too. Okay. I am excited. Always hated that sound. Lucky for me, you kept some of my suits around. How long have you been awake? A little over an hour. I sent some e-mails before I fell asleep last night. Just following up. Here. I used the printer. I hope you don't mind. You did not get those from me. Thank you. Go find Anwar Nadoo. Tax forms? You tracked down tax information for Gunnery Sergeant Wicks and Colonel McCoy? That's right. Why? Look at the employee ID number. Wicks and McCoy are Marines. Their number should start with 5... 5399. I know. I do my own taxes. Both of these start with 5302. What is that? Central Intelligence Agency. The Special Activities Division has been known to recruit former military personnel and then have them reenlist. But even spooks can't lie to the IRS. Wicks and McCoy are intelligence assets embedded within the Marine Corps. And that wasn't a prison escape the other night. It was a CIA op. So the CIA recruits inactive Marines and incentivizes them to reenlist, only now they're assets. There's a precedent for this. Johnny Spann, the Lion of Fallujah. Yeah, I get all that, but if the CIA wanted Anwar Nadoo so badly, why all the Sturm und Drang? They could have just waltzed in and taken him. They obviously wanted the world to think Nadoo escaped. So everything we've been dealing with, the commandant's office handpicking a defense attorney, the redacted files, the Agency's had a hand in all of it. Gunnery Sergeant Wicks takes the initial heat for the escape, then he pawns the blame off on a conveniently absent McCoy, and a kangaroo court acquits Wicks. This is Chinatownstuff. At least you could tell what the bad guys wanted in that movie. Cheap real estate. I thought it was something with water. It was both. Here, all we know is the CIA is free to use Anwar Nadoo for whatever. So, team, how do we feel about being the suckers at the table? Bad. Feels bad. We got to go after them for this. They're staging ops in the middle of our territory. Good Marines were injured during that escape. I don't like it any more than you do. But those tax forms are not admissible as evidence. And the fact is, this didn't happen without sign-off. So that's it? We're just pawns in the game? Forget it, Abe. Don't say it. It's Chinatown. Captain Dobbins, you wanted to see me? You know what, ma'am? I think I got ahead of myself here. Turns out we don't need to meet after all. I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Hey, Rami. Captain Dobbins. Is something wrong? Come back to us. Come home. You say that like it's actually an option. If you schedule an appointment to take your citizenship test, I'm confident that Lieutenant Colonel Maddox will approve our requests to bring you back. You didn't join the Marines through MAVNI. You've already got your green card. Maybe you've taken this thing as far as you can. I haven't taken it anywhere. I'm sitting in a basement. You made a point. People heard you. Get out of this dungeon... dust yourself off and find a new way to fight. Because, I'm sorry, but this one's over. Major Acevedo. Can I have a word? Can it wait? The colonel judge doesn't take kindly to latecomers. Then he's gonna have a frustrating morning. The prosecution won't be holding up our end of this, uh, show trial. What do you mean, "show trial"? I mean, Gunnery Sergeant Wicks and Lieutenant Colonel McCoy are CIA assets. I mean, this whole thing was a put-on and I'm-I'm so spun behind it, I can't figure out if you're in on it, or if you're just a... useful idiot. You sound crazy right now. If you have evidence, show it to the judge. You and I are gonna make a deal, and end this stupid light show once and for all. The government is willing to dismiss the charge of releasing a prisoner without proper authority. We'll stop chasing the conspiracy angle, and we'll forget about improper use of a government computer while we're at it. That's everything. You're rolling over? That's where this is all headed anyway. Suit yourself. There is a new charge, though. One for Gunnery Sergeant Wicks, and one for Lieutenant Colonel McCoy, whenever we catch up with him. Gunny Wicks only reenlisted after he was recruited by the Special Activities Division for the mission at Camp Delta One. He was already serving another master when he took his oath of enlistment. The entire thing was a ruse that constitutes a violation of Article 83. You're gonna charge my client with fraudulent enlistment? He's eating that charge. I want him out of the Marine Corps. Why would we agree to that? He'll lose his retirement benefits. That right there is proof that Wicks and McCoy were on the CIA payroll. Float that up the chain, and while you're at it, remind everyone that there are still good Marines in the hospital recovering from those gas grenades at Guantanamo. Wicks and McCoy are gone. We will not turn a blind eye to double agents in the Corps. And if you don't agree to every bit of that, who knows where those papers might end up? Escaped terrorist detainee Anwar Nadoo was taken into custody today just outside Istanbul. Is that Lieutenant Colonel McCoy taking Nadoo into custody? Indeed it is. You think he knows he's got charges waiting for him back home? Well, I'm sure word has gotten back to him by now. The news said they picked up three high-profile targets when they scooped up Nadoo. So Nadoo's bait. Mm. Bad guys think it's safe to meet with him because the story of his escape is out there. And three more terrorists are off the map. You think it was all worth it? Who knows, man? It's Chinatown. You doing okay? That's why you came here? To ask if I'm okay? You're a pretty stoic guy, Abe, but even by your standards, you got this thing with Alex Hunt in deep freeze. You guys had a good thing going. It's okay if you're... I don't know, upset. Alex can't bring her lawsuit against the Marines if we're together. She can't challenge the Feres Doctrine if we're together. Do I like it? Of course not. But when you consider all the variables, it's a no-brainer. 'Cause that's what love's all about. Considering all the variables. I'm fine, man. I could fake a breakdown if you want. Get out of here. Did anyone follow you? I mean, I'm not a trained spy or anything, but I think I'm good. You? I'm not a trained spy, either. Thank God. Come here. Hey. How come you're wearing your uniform? You're not coming in, are you? No. I'm sorry, Bard. You asked if we were okay. I wasn't honest. Yeah, I knew. Still, I should have told you. That party in there? That's not me. Not anymore. Maybe I'll come back to it one day, but... I can't ask you to wait. I would. I will. Uh... Don't. I know you're gonna have an amazing life. Just not with you. Captioning sponsored by CBS. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 