The Code: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Code 
 s1e12 - Legit Bad Day - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Code (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Legit Bad Day - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on The Code... - Your brother can't run. Matty doesn't have schizophrenia. It's called delusional disorder. - We're having twins. - Your wife is showing signs that are consistent with early labor. The reason I was pushing myself so hard. It's not so I can get back to my unit. I want to get out of here so I can take the medical separation. My lawyer's going to ask you to testify. He thinks I can win a wrongful death suit. The Feres Doctrine says that you can't file a civil suit 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 for something that happened on active duty. The Feres Doctrine is the law until it isn't. You need to get yourself out of this. Consider yourself warned. Captain Abraham, I need you to come with me. Why? What's the charge? Article 94. Mutiny and sedition. People in Helmand... they look to the Noorzais for guidance. Your farm is the most prosperous farm in the valley. If you grow wheat instead of opium, others will follow your lead. And if they don't? We're asking you to take a risk. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's only fair to compensate you. Noorzai-sayib. It's not long until sunset. My men and I, we need to get back to the base. Do you have a decision for us? Excellent. We'll protect you during the transition. You have my word. We're rolling out in two minutes, Marines. Sir? We're down a man. Where the hell is the lieutenant? His name's Inky. If you get into trouble, he'll squirt the bad guy - right in the face. - Lieutenant Abraham. Major says we're on the move. You can't understand a word I'm saying. Inky. Inky. Inky. I think he means now, Lieutenant. Thank you for your contribution to the war effort, Lieutenant. Hearts and minds, Major. Hearts and minds. So it's reasonable to say that you enjoyed your visits to the Noorzai family farm? Captain Abraham, it's a simple question. It's reasonable to say people like the Noorzais were the linchpin of our strategy. They were no fans of life under the Taliban. They were willing to grow something other than opium. - And you liked them? - Objection. What does Captain Abraham's opinion of the Noorzais - have to do with the charges? - Your Honor, the government plans to demonstrate that the defendant's attachment to the family in question led him to commit mutiny... What say we let the panel decide whether or not Captain Abraham committed mutiny? If it's all right with Colonel Schuylkill. The defendant's attachment to the Noorzai family led him to disobey an order on March 5, 2010. You can answer, Captain. Yes. Yes, you liked them? You brought a stuffed animal to Laila Noorzai, didn't you? That's correct. And on the evening of March 5, 2010, you went on a mission to the Noorzai family compound, - correct? - The mission is already a matter of record, Your Honor. Captain Abraham's the one facing charges of mutiny. I'd just as soon hear the story from him. I did, yes. And you were evacuated shortly before dawn on the morning of March 6, 2010. - Is that correct? - Yes, with an exit wound in my leg the size of your fist. I never saw combat again. And we appreciate your service, misguided though it was - on this particular... - Objection! Sustained. Counselor, this courtroom is not your personal op-ed page. Captain Abraham, can you describe the state of the Noorzai family compound on the morning of March 6, 2010? There was no compound by the end of the night. Everything was... pretty much gone. It was gone because you destroyed it. You and your men leveled that place the night before on March 5, 2010, didn't you? Yes. We did. We'll try again. We can't afford another round of IVF. We'll save. I'm 38. I loved being pregnant. I loved it. I don't understand. I was doing so well. We were gonna have twins. We'll get there again. Do you really believe that? What is it? NCIS just apprehended Abe. NCIS... received a call from Camp Pendleton this afternoon with orders to apprehend Captain Abraham. Apparently, this investigation originates - on the West Coast. - How long has this been going on, ma'am? When NCIS took Abe, they told him the charges stemmed from something he did in March of 2010. And they're just getting around to charging him now? There is no statute of limitations on mutiny, Major. This is a bad faith prosecution. They've been warning Abe to back off for months. Discredit Abe by branding him a mutineer and you wound the lawsuit challenging Feres. You might just kill it outright. Are we supposed to prosecute Abe? I'm hoping it doesn't get that far. Maya and I are on defense? Find out what happened that day. We are going to kill this stupid stunt before it goes any further. - Ma'am... - Rami. What are you doing here? You're supposed to be taking your oath of citizenship today. I can do it next month. I want to help. There's a Colonel Schuylkill here to see you. Kit. I see you let yourself in. Good to see you, Glenn. We've been tracking the situation out west with your son. - How's he doing? - Adam's fine. Why is your shop harassing my people? - Harassing? - You're digging around in something that happened almost 10 years ago. I would call that harassment. My office only recently heard about the incident. Captain Abraham's battalion commander from Afghanistan reached out a few months back. He was retiring. He wanted to get something off his chest. Something he's managed to live with since 2010. Lieutenant Colonel Arcineaux didn't report it at the time, it's true. It tends to reflect poorly on a commander when his men resort to mutiny. And this has nothing to do with the lawsuit? Feres? I have nothing but disdain for Captain Abraham's decision to testify against the Corps. He's not testifying against the Corps. He's describing a thing - that happened. - Well, you can be loyal to the uniform, or to something else. Your man's trying to have it both ways. That's what a kid does. Regardless, these are separate issues, and I won't have you implying otherwise. Chain of command is sacred to what we do, Glenn. Kit. This all could have fit just fine in an e-mail. I'm handling the prosecution. You are the C.O. of the J.A. Division at Pendleton. When's the last time you went to court? I still have a vague idea how it works. I'll need some office space. And I want someone local for second chair. Looks like Lieutenant Li is doing good work. Your ultrasound appointment was today. Oh. Right. Yeah. It went fine. It's great. It was incredible. I mean, it's... you know, as they say, hearts beat so fast. The hearts? Oh, heart. Sorry. - Uh, I'm just a little distracted. - Mm. Everything go okay in New York? My brother had a meltdown before the fund-raiser. The party's pulling its support. Meltdown? The truth is, he's been getting worse. They want me to run in his place. Well, you're active duty. You can't run for office. I've had my commission for just over eight years. I can resign any time. Is that something you want? Long-term? Absolutely. I didn't expect to be making a decision this week. But the national party just handed me a gift-wrapped campaign. We were gonna drop the Feres case. Not that it's my call, but Alex wanted to drop it. - Why? - We couldn't be together and move forward with the case. We picked being together. Are you sure this Article 118 charge is connected to your participation in the Feres lawsuit? General Winston Geiger came to see me the other day. The C.O. of MARFORPAC? He tried to warn me off the Feres case. Said there were all kinds of shadowy conversations about me, and that the wrath of God was headed my way if I didn't back down. He admitted to being part of a conspiracy against you. There's our proof. He'll never cop to the conversation. He knew my dad, he warned me off as a favor. If he sent up a flare, he's having mixed feelings. It's a way in. Get out to Hawaii. See what you can dig up on this conspiracy, and I'll stay local. If you come up empty, we'll have to mount a conventional defense. Let's hope it doesn't come to that. They're smart to use this against me. I disobeyed an order that night. Whether it was mutiny or not, it's more or less a matter of perspective. Tell us. Major Arcineaux briefed us on the mission. It was kill/capture. Intel put a high-value target in the village of Farah. An Iranian national named Mishdar, in country to make bombs for the Taliban. We were to escort a forward observer into the village, where he'd paint the building where Mishdar was hiding with a laser target. The Hellfire missile would finish the job. - When you say "we"? - Four Humvees in a convoy, 15 Marines under my command. And did your convoy ever make it to the village of Farah? We came under small arms fire about two miles before we got there. It came from the Noorzai family compound. Get eyes on those shooters. That's when the sniper hit us. Corporal Kersen was the first to go down. I'm confused; earlier today you told us the Noorzais were friendly to coalition forces. The Noorzai farm had visitors that night. The Taliban was squatting there. Around 20 I could see through my NVGs. More inside the houses. Why so many, Captain? Our intel was wrong. Mishdar wasn't hiding in the village. I saw him running into a building on the Noorzai compound. So you were taking fire and looking through your night vision binoculars, how could you be sure it was Mishdar? We couldn't be sure. But the other fighters were clearly protecting him. Mishdar was Iranian. They wrap their turbans in this kind of flat way. Based on my report, Major Arcineaux made a call. - Mishdar was on that farm. - So you had your target. - Why not call in the airstrike as planned? - We were going to. - The Predator was en route. - What happened? The Noorzais were still on that farm. They were civilians. That missile was gonna... turn their compound into sawdust. You believed there were civilians; they wouldn't be the first Afghans to take American money and keep right on collaborating with the Taliban. - Laila Noorzai was nine. - Did you inform your commanding officer that you thought there were - civilians in the compound? - My staff sergeant apprised him of the situation. What did Major Arcineaux say? Copy that, sir. Understood. All right, the airstrike is still on. What? There must be 15, 20 civilians in there. We've been to that farm how many times? We told those people we'd protect them. I said the same thing to Major Arcineaux, sir. We can't knowingly target civilians under - the new rules of engagement. - All right, the major says anyone still on that farm - is an enemy combatant. - That is not true! Sir, our orders are to return fire until the Predator hits. You want to take it up with the major? We need Marines in there; they can't bomb the compound if our own people are there. - Our orders are clear, sir. - I'll take a fire team, we'll get the Noorzais to safety and we'll take out Mishdar. - Must be 30 Taliban in there. - We are about to kill kids! We saw them in there and in five minutes they'll be dead. Yes, sir. So in that moment, you and your staff sergeant conspired to disobey a direct order. I believed the order to be counter - to the rules of engagement. - You committed mutiny. Objection. Your Honor, the defense stipulates that the defendant disobeyed an order. The question is whether the order was lawful. Sustained. You told Staff Sergeant Parisi that you planned to take one fire team with you. Who were they? There was PFC Demarcus Dixon. Everyone called him Double-D. He was green but he didn't think twice when I told him we were going into that compound. Ready when you are, L-T. Reese and Crowell were joined at the hip. Yes, sir. Hey, Crowell. The lieutenant says we're charging that farm. Copy that. Seems like a good night to die in the dirt. Cortez... wasn't wired quite right but... the man could fight like Chesty. Copy that. I've been waiting for a chance to use this, sir. So that's Dixon, Reese, Crowell and Cortez. Am I missing anyone, Captain? Just me. Of course. Dixon, Reese, Crowell, Cortez and you. And of the five Marines you led on that raid, how many of you survived the night? Captain Abraham. How many of you lived? Just me. Well, tell them she needs more morphine. You're in charge, not the doctor. Aiden, I need to ask you a question, and I don't want you to get pissed off. Are you sober right now? Good. 'Cause my sister's counting on you. Did you print out the DNR? Yes, it's saved under my name, my first name. No, not Kit. Kermit. Just find it, print it out, I'll call you back. Anything I can do, sir? You've been successful here; you have a good clearance rate, and to top it off, you didn't fold in combat. But these... research files you submitted, they're terrible. It's almost like your heart isn't in it. Is your heart in it, Lieutenant Li? Speak freely. Speak freely. I think what you're doing is... despicable. John Abraham is a good Marine, and you're smearing him. I can just picture it. You and whatever band of wrinkled old golf goats you're working with digging around in his record until you found something that you could twist into a disgusting web of half-truths. It'd be funny, maybe even a little bit sad, except for some reason, the world is taking you seriously. Well. Let's say you're right. Let's for a second pretend that the prosecution is tied to Captain Abraham's participation in the lawsuit and that we're dealing from the bottom of the deck, call it. So what? I don't give a single solitary damn if John Abraham is a nice guy. This is a matter of national security. And when national security is at stake, guess what. You deal from the bottom of the deck. We used flamethrowers to burn the Japanese alive in their tunnels under Iwo Jima. And we dropped bombs that'll suck the air out of your lungs from a mile away. Fighting is ugly, Lieutenant. Conflict is ugly. It is thus and has always been thus. I expect your best work going forward. If you don't give it to me, I will ruin your life. You're dismissed. The plan went south pretty much right away. Someone sounded a warning while we were on the flank. The sniper got Crowell before we broke into the house. There anything more you can tell me about how he went down? He was behind me when he got hit. - What? - These are your men we're talking about, and you sound like a robot. I'm telling you what happened. I'm gonna be honest with you, Abe. We have a pretty decent legal argument. The rules of engagement changed in 2009. Right, that's what I keep saying. We have a good case, and I'm not sure it matters. Marines hated those rules of engagement. You know that. And the panel is going to be inclined to believe any argument that the strike was necessary. So this whole deal is pretty much subjective. If we're gonna win, the panel has to like you. That's fine. I'm a... I'm a likable guy. I'm not talking about your usual bag of tricks. A joke and a smile are not gonna get you acquitted. Now, there's something you are not telling me. What happened out there? - I've told you the whole story at least a dozen times. - You understand they can put you in the brig for the rest of your life? Of course I do. You're gonna walk out of here, Trey, and I'm going back to my cell. I'm sorry. How's Nona doing, anyway? I haven't even thought to ask. Oh, Trey. - You shouldn't be doing this, man. - Stop it. You should be home with Nona. Abe. You're my friend. And Nona understands. She wants me here. You're gonna be a father, Trey. Now, listen to me. Every night I go to sleep in here, I say a few words. You know, call it a prayer, call it whatever. I remind myself of one thing. There is justice in the universe. And if there is, someone like you... you're gonna be a father. I wish I believed that. Good start. But that's the leg you've actually got. Good. Now come to me. Look up. Hmm. I did okay, huh? They said I could get out of here in a couple weeks. - You looked great. - Thanks. I still got a bone to pick with you. Dad told me you made brigadier general. Oh, my name is on a list. A-And now I wait. Mom. How many women have been generals in the Corps? Maybe ten? Six, actually. Why didn't you say anything? I'm not sure I'm happy about it. You're leaving the Marines. I shouldn't have told you. I'm not angry. I'm... I led you into this. And Dad and Grandpa. I was proud... sending you off to OCS. This life, this uniform, it... it means something good to me. But I didn't have my leg cut off. And you, you who I've given so much... I gave the same as everyone else in this room. And it means nothing to you. And I should have known you better. I didn't think you'd be mad at me for leaving. I knew you'd blame yourself. I don't know if this is going to help, but... I don't blame you. I had a mom who loved what she did. Who believed every morning that she was heading off to do something that matters. Sounds weird to say this here, but... I'm lucky. Good morning. I don't guess General Geiger's available. I'm afraid the general's day is packed, Captain Dobbins. Again. Yes. Again. If you'd like to wait, a hole could open up in his schedule. Great. I'll just wait right here. Again. General Geiger's office. Hello, Mrs. Geiger. No, ma'am, the general's appointment is at the hospital today. That's right, ma'am, Waipio. Yes, I will call to let them know you're on your way. You're welcome. Would you like any coffee or... General Geiger. Are you the one from Quantico? Huh. Well, I knew someone would come. You're sick? Stage four. Any idea what that means? Yes, sir. My father. I'm sorry. John Abraham didn't commit mutiny. You know that. That's why you warned him. How long have you been in the Marines? Eight years, sir. This institution is my life, and I would die to protect it. And those aren't just some words I said one time. General... you're dying now, sir. Do you really want to send an innocent Marine to the brig from your deathbed? So three of your men from the fire unit made it to Sayed Noorzai's house. What happened once you were inside? Corporal Cortez kicked the door in. He barely made it inside. We fought our way through the house and gathered up the Noorzais where we found them. Me, Reese and Double-D. It was Double-D's first action, and he got through without a scratch. We all did, until we found Laila Noorzai. Shh. You're okay. You're okay. I knew right away it was a nasty hit. Upper thigh, arterial bleeding. You were injured. You had the civilians. Why didn't you fall back right then, let the Hellfire missile do its job? And Laila's mother, she overheard two Taliban fighters talking. She knew which building Mishdar was hiding in. We didn't have time to wait for the Predator to circle back into firing range. So I tied a tourniquet around my leg, and I made a call. Get these people to the convoy. Keep your bodies between them and the enemy while Staff Sergeant Parisi lays down suppressing fire. You're not coming, sir? I'm going after Mishdar. I know what I'm doing, Lance Corporal. Get these people out of here. Yes, sir. Lieutenant. I'm coming with you. This isn't a safe one, Double-D. I didn't join up to stay safe, sir. Lance Corporal Reese escorted the Noorzais back to the convoy. Double-D, he wanted to keep fighting. It's funny, when he first joined our unit, we all thought he'd just stand there staring at the ground when the bullets started flying. That happens to some guys. Turns out he was braver than any of us. So the Noorzai family made it to cover. But Lance Corporal Reese? He took a hit to the stomach. Went into shock on the operating table. And why were you hesitant to let PFC Dixon pursue Mishdar with you? It wasn't what you'd call a high-percentage undertaking. There were maybe 20 Taliban fighters left in the compound. Any mission plan, any rational analysis, they all would have looked at the situation and told you exactly the same thing. I was gonna die that night. Draft of an e-mail to Tiffany Dixon-Green. "I appreciate your patience, ma'am. "I know you want to announce that I'm stepping in "on the same day my brother withdraws. "I am beyond flattered by the party's interest, and... "you're right. "This is something I want. "Unfortunately, I'm not ready to resign my commission. I'm not finished being a Marine." - Captain Dobbins. - Lieutenant. General Geiger wants to see you, ma'am. You should hurry. Started out informal. The e-mails back and forth. Group of us who like to protect the old ways. The old Corps. Who was on this mailing list? Someone brought Lieutenant Colonel Ferrara onto the chain. She's the one that told us about that night with Captain Abraham. About March 5, 2010. That's when it got real. - Who, General? - Ten of us. Maybe 12. We had a meeting. Here on Oahu. Who was there? Schuylkill, Brad Coburn. Somebody from the sergeant major's office at HQMC... John Basilone. Sir, did you just say John Basilone helped plan this? That's correct. John Basilone died on Iwo Jima in 1945. How much morphine has he had? No. The court-martial starts in a week. I need you back here. Yeah, I'll see you at Quantico. General Geiger made a statement describing a conspiracy to prosecute you for mutiny. But he was wearing a morphine patch for his pain. Apparently, he was in and out of coherence. Can't we just wait for the morphine to wear off and do it again? The general died an hour ago. Look, we'll keep working the malicious prosecution angle from here, but it looks like we're gonna have to win this one on the case law. So I need you to talk about that night. - That's all we've been doing. - No. I need you to talk about it in a way that'll get the panel on your side. Corporal Crowell got hit by a sniper while you were approaching Sayed Noorzai's house. Corporal Cortez died breaching the doorway. Lance Corporal Reese went down while he was escorting the Noorzais to safety. What happened to Dixon? - He didn't make it. They captured him. - How? I don't know. We were fighting our way through the house where Mishdar was hiding. One second he was on comms, the next he wasn't. Double-D was just... gone. - Can you draw a diagram of the house? - Why? This has nothing to do with whether or not I committed mutiny. Those men died because of a decision you made that night. It has everything to do with it. And if you don't believe me, you watch the panel when you start talking like this on the stand. Something happened that night, and you don't want people to know about it. You practically cringe every time I mention Double-D. Well, I hope you're right. I hope the law is all we need. But you've never seen Kit Schuylkill cross-examine a witness. So, in spite of everything, you had a chance to complete your original mission. You had a chance to capture or kill Farhan Mishdar. Tell us what happened once you were inside the house where Laila Noorzai's mother told you Mishdar was hiding. There was no resistance at first. By the time I got close to where he was hiding, it was just me. The fighting outside was dying down. I was losing a lot of blood. Why did you think Mishdar was hiding in this particular room? The enemy had centered their resources around defending it. I had to kill two of them before I could even throw smoke inside. I took a position with a clean firing line and waited to see what came out of that room. And then a man in a flat black turban ran out. A turban like Farhan Mishdar wore? I took him down. He landed on his stomach. And when you turned him over? It wasn't him. It wasn't Mishdar. Where was Farhan Mishdar? They knew we'd be looking for that turban, so they switched. They put his turban on someone else, and he snuck out of the compound with a small group of fighters. So your mission was a failure, and everything you did after rescuing the Noorzai family was a waste of time and American lives. - Objection, Your Honor. - Sustained. We assassinated Farhan Mishdar in Yemen with a drone strike in 2015. How many Americans were killed by his bombs in the years between your mission and that day? - Objection! - 43. That's right, Captain Abraham, 43... 43 lives lost because we missed our chance to kill Farhan Mishdar in 2010. 43. No further questions, Your Honor. You may step down, Captain. Permission to redirect, Your Honor? Captain Abraham, have you told us everything about the night of March 5, 2010? I'm under oath, Major. I don't doubt that you've told the truth. Have you told us everything? What happened to PFC Demarcus Dixon? - What happened to Double-D? - Objection, Your Honor. Is counsel really suggesting his client lied on the stand? Captain Abraham left something out. That is not the same thing as lying, Your Honor. Is Major Ferry right? Are you leaving something out? Tell me, Abe. Tell us. Yes. Double-D fought with me through the first few rooms of the house. I didn't lose track of him. I know how he got captured. And how's that? After we cleared one room, we found Sayed Noorzai. They were keeping him hostage, but he had a bullet wound in his stomach. I called for a medevac, told Double-D to take Noorzai to a nearby clearing and put down chem lights to make an LZ. Make a landing zone? That's it? That order's well within your purview. Double-D wanted to stay. He wanted to keep fighting. And more importantly, he wanted to stay together. That's what we're trained to do: stay together. Double-D wasn't a born warrior. He... he joined up for the benefits. But he dug into the deepest part of himself that night, and he... he found something that let him fight. Marines say, "One is none." We're nothing if we don't stick together. I was Double-D's C.O., and I should've known better than to send him off alone when that compound was crawling with Taliban. Did PFC Dixon create the LZ, like you ordered him to? Yes. I found it after the fight. But he wasn't there? Mishdar and his men found him on their way out of the compound. They took Double-D prisoner. What happened to him? They kept him for a few weeks. Then they killed him. They cut his head off and put it on the Internet. He was one of my men. He had a son. I should've kept him with me. I should've kept him safe. And if someone had to die in a prison camp with a machete at his throat... ...it should have been me. Double-D! Double-D! It should've been me. When we have no other choice, when everything else has failed, we go to war. We got to war to protect our interests. We stand in front of our enemy, and we make a plan to defeat him. We make a plan, and God laughs because war is chaos. It's confusion. It is lunacy. And there is one North Star that carries us through the madness, and that is the sacred principle that we follow orders. Captain John Abraham held himself above that principle. The results speak for themselves. The rules of engagement on March 5, 2010 held that it was illegal to knowingly target Afghan civilians. They were dictated by no less than the commander in chief himself. The order to bomb that compound was unlawful. John Abraham did his duty that night. He fought and he suffered alongside the men who died under his command, and, as we've seen, he continues to suffer. He deserves our gratitude, and he deserves a commendation, not a conviction. Ready to get out of here, Turnbull? You have no idea. Show me what you got. I've got a hop to Lejeune. The wounded warriors await. There's someplace I want to stop. They finally restored it. The unveiling was two weeks ago. Your grandfather's on here? He died near Paris, right? Belleau Wood. The Germans started calling us "devil dogs" during that fight. That's where the nickname comes from. Why are we here? I don't know. I never met the man, but I still come here sometimes. I think about him. I honor him. You're part of a legacy, Adam, and... you can choose not to give anything more to it. God knows you've earned that. But you're still part of it, and I hope, I pray... that eventually it will mean something to you again. We should get you to your flight. Can you give me a minute? Ladies and gentlemen of the panel, have you reached a verdict? We have, Your Honor. Captain Abraham, would you stand? How do you find? The panel is split, Lieutenant Colonel. By a margin of five votes to four, we find the defendant, Captain John Abraham... ...not guilty on all charges. You made me go there. Thank you. You're gonna be a dad, Trey. You are. You look good, Matty. I'd vote for you. Too bad I'm about to withdraw. Nice of the party to find a fancy place for me to make my speech. Is there press out there? It's a pretty good crowd. I kept the details vague in my speech. "Health crisis." Didn't take my spot, huh? I'm not ready yet. I'm gonna be there when you are. This thing limits what I can do. Don't interrupt. It does. You know it. We're here, right? There are things I can't do, but... there are things I can. I'm gonna find them. Because when you are ready, I want to be there. Not the mission I signed up for, but... it's still a pretty good one. I'm lucky to have it. I'm lucky to have you. Whew. Can I stand beside you? You better. It's good to see you in that chair, sir. I have a hop to SERE school. See you in six weeks. Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape. Sounds like a typical day working for Colonel Schuylkill. I-I didn't want to do it, Abe. I told him I thought the whole thing was disgusting. You're a Marine, Harper, an honest-to-goodness, ground-pounding, salty-ass devil dog. You did your duty, and I'm proud of you. Thank you, sir. I'm catching a civilian bird myself. Alex and I are flying to Gary, Indiana for a couple days. What's in Gary? Demarcus Dixon's family. I'm gonna sit with his widow and tell her what happened. That, um... that sounds like a good thing. I should've done it years ago. Hey. How would you two like to be happy for a few minutes? Everyone ready? Repeat after me. I hereby declare, on oath... I hereby declare, on oath... ...that I absolutely renounce and abjure any allegiance to any foreign state... ...that I absolutely renounce and abjure any allegiance to any foreign state... ...that I will support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic... ...that I will support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 