The Code: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Code 
 s1e11 - Done and Doff - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Code (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Done and Doff - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My lawyer's going to ask you to testify. He thinks I can win a wrongful death suit. If you go ahead with this, there is no win. You are tainted the moment you give a deposition. The national party has taken an interest in this race. We need to talk strategy going forward. Matty, you are mentally ill and you are running for public office. Nona, everything okay? My God, we're having a baby. What's gonna happen to my son? VALENTINA: Some fight, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 some never come all the way back. So you don't want that, I don't want this. Where does that leave us? 95 arrests. 95 Marine arrests and three accidental deaths can be attributed to the abuse of prescription drugs so far this year. And that doesn't include NJPs, discharges, and who knows how many other associated crimes. But as an NCIS field agent, you probably know more about the opioid crisis than I do. Sure. When a narcotics case comes in, my job entails tracking down dealers and busting them. Which is how you came across the defendant. Objection. The prosecution is implying 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the defendant is guilty of distribution, which is what we're here to argue in the first place. Noted. Captain Abraham, you may want to reconsider your phrasing if this case advances to trial. Copy that, Your Honor. Agent Chong, how did you meet the defendant? We'd heard rumors that someone was selling oxy at an off-base bar, the Drunken Ox in Garrisonville. So we headed down there on a Saturday night and turned the place. And did you find the dealer? Emery Cleary had a bottle... Objection. It's an Article 32 hearing, we're talking evidence. You don't need to cut me off at every pass. I'll rephrase. Did you find someone with oxycodone that night? Staff Sergeant Emery Cleary had 214 pills on him. Seems the possession charge we're debating here is essentially a forgone conclusion. Come on, Captain. It seemed like you wanted the leg workout. Captain Abraham, if you could stop antagonizing the defense attorney? No further questions, Your Honor. Captain Dobbins, your witness. Agent Chong, when you say "distribution," you mean... Selling drugs for cash. Yet you found no other Marines at the Drunken Ox with drugs, correct? That's true. And my client did not have an unusual amount of cash on him that evening. Only... $35, if I remember correctly? It was early. We might've caught him before he made his first sale. Or you might've apprehended him without cause. Did you know Staff Sergeant Cleary is a combat veteran? He has a prescription for oxycodone to manage chronic pain from a traumatic brain injury. Sorry to interrupt, Judge Soldier. We may have new evidence to submit. Your Honor, this is a bit disturbing. This video made the rounds on social media this morning. It's one of those overdose videos. Someone passes a person dying in a car, and they make a video instead of calling for help? This is a thing? The Marine behind the wheel is Lance Corporal Jack Stanhope. He's in Staff Sergeant Cleary's rec softball league. And his death is being attributed to an accidental overdose of oxycodone. I fail to see how this connects to my client's case. Yeah, it's a tangled web. Give us a day and we'll have the whole story. Request for a continuance, Your Honor. Request granted. Good morning, Captain Abraham. Mr. Ahmadi, welcome home. Thank you, sir. All it took was complete and utter capitulation. Welcome to the Marine Corps. I have to say, I pictured the moment of your return a little differently. Have you seen the end of An Officer and a Gentleman? Of course. The protagonist picks up Debra Winger and carries her away from her humdrum job. So... in your fantasy, are you carrying me across the factory floor or is it the other way around? It's not a fantasy, Rami. It's just a scenario you play out to occupy your mind in otherwise idle moments? Touché. This is the coroner's report on Lance Corporal Jack Stanhope. How did you know I was looking for this? It's my job to know. NCIS also found this pill bottle in the center console.Excellent. If they find Staff Sergeant Cleary's prints, we've got him for distribution. We might throw a negligent homicide charge in while we're at it. On the off-chance Staff Sergeant Cleary was smart enough to wear gloves while he was bottling his product, I'd still like to build a case the old-fashioned way. We should look up Jack Stanhope's next of kin. The widow lives in Hampton Oaks. She is also a Marine. Excellent. If you happen to see Lieutenant Li, let her know we're headed to Hampton Oaks. Catchy tune, sir. It gets stuck in my head when I see you. Major Ferry. Nona called. She asked me to remind you that your first ultrasound appointment is rescheduled for 1100 Thursday. She called me already. Texted, too. We're gonna see the baby's heartbeat for the first time. I'm not gonna miss that. I think she wants to be positive. So she needed you? I didn't say that, sir. You never come out and say anything, Rami. You rule us all with the dark art of implication. Speaking of dark arts, they need you in New York to game plan for your brother's fundraiser by COB tomorrow. Got it. I put times for all our scheduled flights on your desk... Excuse me. Welcome home, Rami. Tell Nona I'll be there. You're not at your desk, ma'am. I'm ducking my phone. Um, the coroner's report for Lance Corporal Stanhope confirms an opioid overdose. Captain Abraham wants to question the next of kin. Would you like to forward your desk line to me? I can be a filter. I wouldn't subject you to that, Rami. You try canceling a wedding two months out. See what kind of calls come in. Adam, you coming? Give me a minute! Your PT starts in 50 minutes. Yes? I'm fine. Come in if you're coming. Sorry. It's just... I can't get it on. It hurts. It's not supposed to hurt. I'll call Val. Don't. It's just sore. I can tell her when I get in. Do you want me to help you put it on? I'm 24 years old. I don't need my mom to help me get dressed. I've got it. They train us to get up. Let me see your arm. I'm fine. Lieutenant. Your arm. You psyched for SERE School? Sure. Of course. You did it, right? Yeah. But you'll kill it. And you're okay on the other stuff? You haven't really said anything since... I'm doing the job, aren't I? I wasn't suggesting otherwise. They say it's better to break someone's heart than it is to get your heart broken. "They"? I keep picking up my phone. I want to call Bard, you know, see how he's doing. It's so weird that I can't do that. I thought you guys weren't supposed to be talking. Well, I'm a witness in her lawsuit. We can talk, we just can't... You know. Give me a second? Do you know how to roller-skate? Hey, Danny. I wasn't expecting you to... Mom says you're busy. That's why you haven't been coming over. Kind of, yeah. But you're not gonna miss my birthday party, right? We're going to Rollerama. Hey, are you using my phone? Hey. Danny was just inviting me to her party. I told you, Uncle Abe has to work. Say good-bye, okay? Bye, Uncle Abe. Bye. Sorry about that. She's just struggling to understand everything right now. Yeah. I-I gotta go, okay? Tell her I'll make it up to her. Will do. Bye. I had my nails painted like that on our first date. Jack loved it. So I still do 'em like that when I have a few days off. Did you meet at work? We're both at Headquarters. Jack worked in payroll and he had some trouble with his software one day, so they sent me in to sort it out. I still can't believe that he was taking oxy. You had no idea? Then you can't say whether he bought those pills from Emery Cleary? I wish I could help. Jack would go to the bar sometimes with the softball guys, but I honestly have no clue which one Emery Cleary is. I'm sorry, PFC Stanhope, but your husband didn't exhibit any signs of abusing opioids? You must have noticed some change in behavior. My ex is in prison now. He was, um... a rough guy. W-Was Jack always in a good mood? A-Absolutely not. But I wanted to believe he was a good guy, you know? I kind of needed him to be a good guy. Let's hope she's being honest. If she knew her husband was using, she could be court-martialed, too. Rami. Uplifting to hear from you. Thank you, Captain. It pains me to damage that open heart of yours. Bad news? Bad news and, frankly, weird news. Staff Sergeant Cleary's prints were not on the bottle of oxycodone found in Lance Corporal Jack Stanhope's car. Well, so much for an obvious connection. I assume that's the bad news? The strange part is... no one's prints were on the bottle. Not even Stanhope's? Not even Stanhope's. So Lance Corporal Stanhope swallowed a lethal dose of oxy... without once touching the bottle? I'll leave the follow-up in your expert hands. If he didn't touch the bottle, how did that oxy get in his system? It could be Lance Corporal Stanhope wasn't a victim of negligent homicide. If he never touched that bottle, the most likely explanation is somebody straight-up murdered him. Somebody slipped Lance Corporal Stanhope enough oxycodone to kill him, and planted that prescription bottle in his car? Either that, or Jack Stanhope wore gloves while he took his recreational opioids. Stanhope's food, his car... That's a lot of access for one killer. Like his wife for this? Is the spouse ever a bad bet? Fair point, but I'd like to see a motive. You're welcome. Who's this? I wouldn't want to rob you of the pleasure of reading the name yourself. "Garth Bader." Lance Corporal Stanhope broke that guy's jaw in a bar fight nine months ago. You think he killed Stanhope? Garth Bader has two assault convictions on his record. I wouldn't rule it out. Clearly, my client is just a combat vet using prescription medications to manage his pain. Let's see what Garth Bader has to say. Staff Sergeant Cleary sells oxy to Marines. This doesn't change that. You're welcome. That's a nasty fall, Marine. Your arm's gonna be immobile for two months. I don't understand what happened. They spent days fitting me with that leg. Why can't I get it to fit? We see this more often than we'd like, especially with above-the-knee amputation. The residual limb changes shape in the early going. It's not much, but these prosthetics are calibrated to the millimeter. So the temporary leg they built, it's just no good anymore? They may be able to get it working with gel liners. But it's possible you'll need to be fitted for a whole new test socket. So my rehab's on hold for, what... months? Um, there are things you can still be working on. Strengthening exercises... But I can't get back on my feet? This will put that back some. My son wants to get back to his unit as soon as he can. Of course. The lack of control over the timeline... it's often one of the most frustrating things for our patients. You incurred some trauma to the residual limb during the fall. We're going to keep you at the clinic till everything settles, monitor the situation. I'm back to in-patient? For how long? I wish I could say for sure. I mean, yeah. I got into it with that guy. All right, it started when he made fun of my name. Garth Bader? Look, I've been in plenty of fights, all right? My record's 36 and two. You keep track of your record? But I'm past all that now. I'm doing the steps. Which steps? It's like AA, but for people with anger issues, all right? I was court-ordered into the program 18 months ago. So, you can'tfight? I can't punch a wall, I can't punch a car, I can't punch a face. I-I can't even talk trash. That's a relapse. So you got into an argument with Jack Stanhope, and then you just stood there while he broke your jaw? Look, I couldn't fight him. But I can't just let him hit on my girl, either. I thought he made fun of your name. He did both. Look, Stanhope OD'd yesterday morning, right? Well, I couldn't have done it. I was at a meeting with 20 other ragers. Can anyone confirm that? Well, it's Emotions Anonymous, but I'll get you some numbers. Your... sort-of fight with Jack Stanhope was nine months ago, right? Lance Corporal Stanhope had been married for over a year. That guy Jack was around that bar all the time, and he didn't act married. I have one... maybe be two friends that went home with him. Home to Hampton Oaks, where he lives with his wife? My girlfriend said he has a place in Fredericksburg. So Jack Stanhope signs a lease on his own bachelor pad two months after he got married. Yeah, right after his extra marriage pay kicked in, and according to the building's super, he had women in and out of there. You marry this guy, he's gonna save you, and then, one day, you make the mistake of looking at a bank statement, or reading the wrong e-mail. Looks like Nina Stanhope didhave a motive to kill her husband. Feeling better about being single? Sorry to interrupt. Captain, do you have a relationship with General Winston Geiger? He served with my dad in the '80s. He was around our house in San Diego sometimes. Well, he'd like to see you. Winston Geiger is the CO of MARFORPAC. They're in Hawaii, last I checked. He's here. He wants to see you. Is he in the conference room? Actually, General Geiger would like you to meet him outside. General Geiger. Captain. An honor, sir. It's-it's been, what... 25 years? I hate coming East. The sunshine spoils you when you're old. Have you been well, sir? You're party to a lawsuit that aims to challenge the Feres Doctrine. I wouldn't say I'm party to it, sir. They plan to call me as a witness. Feres Doctrine keeps us from getting sued by our own Marines. If it gets flushed, we're gonna have to hire a whole regiment full of lawyers just to sort through the subpoenas. I have no ideological stance on the merits of the lawsuit. Well, you may not have any ideological stance, but the institution you're committed to serving sure as hell does. This can't happen. You need to get yourself out of this. This case is being discussed. Youare being discussed. Discussed by who? These folks... They don't know I'm here, Captain. And they absolutely would not be happy about it. Consider yourself warned. What do I do? That's seriously your first question? Very New York City. I don't usually ask, but something tells me you have an interesting answer. I'm sorry to disappoint, but I'm not currently holding down a paying job. I don't believe you. I am a contender to be the next state senator representing Winston-Salem and environs, but nobody's paying me for that. Not what I would have guessed. You're a long way from North Carolina. Fund-raiser. Seems like there's a lot of rich folks here. Sorry. Traffic was brutal. It's okay. I'm the first person here. Krista doesn't believe that I'm from Winston-Salem. Tribeca. Maybe Chelsea. Upper West Side when I was here. I am outrageously gay, though. Figured. You're too good-looking to be available. That's on me.I... I think we're okay there. You doing okay? Yeah. I'm good. I'm not having any delusions about being under surveillance. None that can't be managed, anyway. Look, I'm good, kid. I have my list of things not to say. Eli and Yates don't open their apartment very often. So, it's on all of us to capitalize on that. Maya, I'll tee you up, but then, I'll need you to introduce your brother. I'm sure they're fantastic. We're gonna have a very energizing... Maya? You have remarks? Um, yes. I can e-mail them to you if want to take a look. That would be helpful. Thank you. And, of course, you'll need to adjust your stump speech to the audience. Manhattan multimillionaires... Yes, of course. I used to work on Wall Street, so we should be good. I'm sorry. Would you mind? - Would I mind what? - Matt. Your hearing aid. I'm sorry. I'd really feel more comfortable if you could, you know, take it out. Sorry. Now, what did you just say? I am so sorry. I'm-I'm not feeling well. You're sick? Um... I have food allergies. I think maybe the dip at the bar. We can talk tomorrow. Matt, please? I really need to get back to my room now. Jack leased that less than 60 days after he married you. Why? He was... he was stepping out? If that's true, then why this man cave? Couldn't he just go to a motel? As we understand it, Jack was... prolific. We went through his e-mail. He used a burner to correspond with the landlord, but he'd forget which account he was logged into sometimes. Sometimes the invoices came in to his regular inbox. You guys were married. Did you have access to that account? You think I did this? Guys, I've known about that apartment since the day Jack signed the lease. I've known about the women. I promise you, I don't care about any of it. Now, I'm gonna get in trouble for telling you this, but I'll take it over being a murder suspect. Jack and I had a contract marriage. Contract marriage? Explain that. For enlisted Marines, marriage pays. It's an extra $20,000 a year, minimum, in housing allowance and added salary. Obviously, neither of you have had a pregnant spouse. Colonel Turnbull should be back tomorrow. But if you're asking me what to do in the meantime, one of the parties to the fraudulent marriage is dead. The other admits the scam. Refer it to Nina Stanhope's CO and get back on the murder. Nina and Jack Stanhope both work at HQ, H and S Battalion. Their unit has seen a 50% surge in enlisted marriages in the past 14 months. Those paper pushers are pairing off for pay. Exactly. Now say that six times fast. You think the CO knows? We're not sure, but this admin sergeant, Jacob Kalb... he signed as a witness to 13 different marriages since the surge began. Sounds like Sergeant Kalb found himself a side hustle. Make the matches, sign the papers, take a cut of the extra pay. If this is connected to the murder of Jack Stanhope, figure out how. If it isn't, sit on Kalb anyway. This surge in marriage has a price tag of, what? Quarter of a million dollars so far this year.. Two more of those. Thank you. Feeling better, Captain Dobbins? Um, yeah, it passes quickly when I'm lucky. You drink here often? I came looking for you. I had this uncle... Uncle Pete. I loved him. One Sunday, Uncle Pete came over for dinner. We were listening to the Jackson Five. In the middle of the song, Uncle Pete told me Michael Jackson could see into his mind. That's how I learned Uncle Pete believed the Jackson Five were singing about his thoughts. Did he believe that the week before? I have no idea. But... two Sundays after that, Uncle Pete accused me of being a witch. Six months after that, we had to change the locks. I don't know where Uncle Pete is now. It... broke my heart. It still breaks my heart. I'm sorry. Your brother can't run. Matty doesn't have schizophrenia. It's called "delusional disorder." It's more localized. I'm glad to hear that, I truly am. He still can't run. I know I'm happy to talk to him. But it should probably be you. Yeah. It should be me. It's so cool. Thanks, Uncle Abe. I know you like building stuff. Will you make it with me? I'll try, okay? I'm sorry I missed your party. Danny, I already let you stay up to open up Uncle Abe's present. It's bedtime. Use your reading light, okay? Don't wake your sister. Okay, Mom. Good night. Good night, kid. Well, thanks for coming. Nobody followed you? I-I can't believe I just asked that question. I did get a visit... from the commander of Marine Corps Forces, Pacific, today. My dad knew him. General Geiger told me to stop cooperating as a witness. Or else? He didn't say. Hey, I've been thinking. Like you always said, this case is gonna take years. And... we can't be together while it's happening. I mean, we can... Sneak around, like we've been doing, but we can't have something real. You can't be a part of Danny's life or Maggie's, and... Is it worth it? Losing this? You're thinking about dropping the case? I'm not going through with this because of the money. I-I'm doing it because of Jason. But Jason's gone. What we had, what we were building, I want it back, Abe. All of it. I haven't made my mind up or anything. It's just... yeah, like I said, something I was thinking about. Val will be in for PT first thing tomorrow. She wants you back on the horse. Copy that. And I will come by for at least the morning. You should go to work. I'm fine. I'll get to fine. Seriously. Live your life. Okay. I'll come by... end of day? I don't know how to do this. I-I want... to take some of the pain you're in and make it mine... but I don't know how... and I... Seems it doesn't work like that. I-I see you here... and I wish so many things for you, and I don't know how to do any of them. And I'm not used to feeling that way. And I hate it. So I'm just trying to focus on the next thing that they tell us to do. You will get better. You will feel better. You'll make... you'll make new plans. And you will get back to your unit. Mom... the reason I was pushing myself so hard in rehab... it's not so I can get back to my unit. I want to get out of here so I can take the medical separation. You're... leaving the Marines? You know what I think about at night? How many people just like me... have done a tour in this bed? I was four years old when we started fighting Afghanistan. How many legs have people like me given up? How many hands are gone? How many... brains that don't work? Did you read that the president's talking about total withdrawal? There's different projections. The Taliban's gonna be cutting people's heads off in downtown Kabul inside of six months. My leg... all the other body parts we threw onto that bonfire... none of it meant anything. I don't want any part of it. Not anymore. Colonel. Good to see you, Colonel Turnbull. Can I brief you on yesterday? Give me 15 minutes. Everything all right, ma'am? Adam's fine. I'll talk to you shortly. Recognize the name of the witness? I'm a popular guy. You signed for 13 marriages in the past year and a half. What do you want from me? People have been marrying for money since the dawn of time. I'm sorry, did you just admit to arranging these marriages? You got me. Sergeant Kalb, your signature on these certificates constitutes a false official statement. That's 13 charges under Article 107. You don't seem especially worried. If you know about the marriages, I figure it's because you're looking into what happened to Jack Stanhope. If you slap my wrist on the matchmaking, I can help you there. You know something about what happened to Lance Corporal Stanhope? I know a lot more than "something," Captain. I know who killed him. Lieutenant. Show Major Ferry what we learned. Her name is Kimber Spratt. We think she may have killed Jack Stanhope. Lance Corporal Stanhope would share the details of his conquests with Jacob Kalb. Kalb told us about her. You told me Lance Corporal Stanhope was seeing a few different women. Why her? Because Stanhope died from an overdose of prescription meds; Ms. Spratt here just happens to work as a pharmacist. Ms. Spratt is obviously a civilian, so if she is the killer, we can hand the whole thing off to the Stafford County Sheriff's Office. Who do we work with in Stafford County? Usually Toby Conrad. "Call of Duty" Conrad? Have fun with that. Why "Call of Duty"? Detective Conrad considers working in a suburban sheriff's office to be roughly the equivalent of joining the Corps. He drags his feet if he thinks you feel otherwise. Hey. Why'd you want to meet here? Dad used to take us to this spot when he worked in New York. Remember? Sure. Said it was his favorite view of his favorite city. I called... Tiffany Dixon-Green this morning. We should probably talk some strategy before tonight, yeah? Have you heard from her? Yeah. It's off, isn't it? There isn't gonna be a fund-raiser. I didn't tell her, Matty. About you. She had it in her head by the time she came to see me. So she'll just tell everyone about me if I stay in the race? So I guess that's it. I'm so sorry. I'm getting worse, aren't I? Matty. You're gonna be okay. You're gonna be better than okay. You're the smartest person I know, and there's so much that you can still do. Just not this. I know. Thanks. I'll figure something out. I should, um... You're leaving? Yeah. Got to get back to North Carolina. Talk to the volunteers. Well, um... maybe stay tonight? I hate to think about you alone. When am I gonna see you again? We'll plan a visit. See you. Bye. Captain Abraham. Good to see you, sir. Detective Conrad. This is my cocounsel, Lieutenant Li. Nice to meet you, Lieutenant. Just another day in uniform, right? You're wearing a suit. You get the idea. Kimber Spratt? Yes? What? No, I loved Jack. We were going to get married, actually. From what we understand, I mean, yeah, Jack was a player, but I knew all about it. He was ready to leave that all behind. We were going to apply for a license and everything soon as he got divorced. He told you about Nina? Of course. We didn't have any secrets. You can see where we'd be curious, though. The guy had a penchant for lying and no less than a dozen girlfriends, one of whom just happens to distribute the medication that killed him. I couldn't have dispensed this medication. Those are the big daddy pills. 160 milligrams. They haven't manufactured those for years. The only way I could get my hands on those pills is to buy them on the street just like anybody else. Sorry, guys. Hey, maybe it was one of the other girlfriends. You're gonna get the murder suspect to ring up your tooth whitening strips? She's not a murder suspect anymore. Hey. Should-should you be here? I've been thinking about last night. You told me you were thinking about dropping the case. I never told you to do it, and, I should have. I didn't think about this. I-I... I didn't think about Danny. I didn't think about us. Whatever we are, what... whatever we can make of this... I want it back, too. All of it. So, if you're still where you were last night, I think you should do it. Let's see who we are without this lawsuit hanging over our heads. I'm going to Dennis Swillce's office on Monday. I can tell him then. Good morning, Captain Abraham. I hope you're not humming that as a way to summon me. Actually, I wasn't thinking about you at all. I see. A good night, then? Wouldn't you like to know. What can I do for you, Rami? Lieutenant Li respectfully requests that you meet her at the Stafford County Sheriff's Office. Apparently, there's a potential breakthrough in the murder of Lance Corporal Stanhope. The narcotics division arrested a drug dealer last night. And we're driving over to congratulate them? This particular dealer had recently come into a supply of 160-milligram oxy pills. Found them languishing in his grandmother's medicine cabinet after she died, from what I understand. So we're gonna show pictures of Lance Corporal Stanhope's lady friends to this dealer and hope he recognizes one of them? Lieutenant Li has pictures of the women. All she needs is you. No. Sorry. I never see any of these women. Take another look. I have many customers. I don't remember every face. But these? No. Maybe if you have picture of her hands. Well, sorry, guys. Why would a picture of her hands be useful? She had different colors. Red, pink, red, pink. Is this the woman you sold pills to? Matty, they said you checked out last night. Why aren't you picking up your phone? Call me back right away, okay? You always get into character before heading back? We wear these when we fly. I tried your brother a few times. I don't know where he is. He's just heartbroken. The same way that you would be if everything you wanted just got canceled one day. Will you let me know when you hear from him? Sure. I've got a hop. Look, this isn't the ideal morning for this conversation, but we're not ready to concede the seat in Winston-Salem. You just told me Matt can't run. Your brother is stepping aside due to a health crisis. There's precedent for that. Occasionally, someone close to the candidate jumps onto the ticket. What? No. That's... that's very flattering, but I'm a Marine. I can't run for office. Your active duty status is an issue. We may need to get creative with your residency requirements, but you're from the area. You believe the same things your brother does. And if I'm reading you right, this conversation... is why you signed up in the first place. You're building a résumé. You're writing a story that ends with you in office. Isn't that right? This is certainly a sordid one. The charge is Article 118, subsection 1: Premeditated murder. We're here to discuss a motion to prohibit the death penalty. The referral of capital charges is posturing on the government's part. The military hasn't carried out an execution in almost 60 years. We don't typically get a murderer as eminently chargeable as PFC Stanhope, Your Honor. She participated in a fraudulent marriage scheme, and when her husband tried to divorce her and get out of the arrangement, PFC Stanhope killed him so she'd get his death benefits. The government's theory will have its day in court. Why add the weight of capital charges? It is not a theory that Jack Stanhope retained a divorce lawyer two weeks before he was murdered. It is also not a theory that the defendant bought a batch of the same 160-milligram oxy pills that caused her husband's death. I've seen the evidence. Has anyone explained to you the virtues of making a deal? Your Honor, we offered the defendant a deal that allowed for the possibility she'd see freedom after 25 years. Then why does this turd continue to clog the pipes of justice? My client's freedom is at stake, Your Honor. She prefers to make her case to a panel. Very well, then. She'll be doing it with her life on the line. Motion to dismiss is denied. Now, speaking of the marriage scam... The defense requests a moment, Your Honor. She's buckling. Should we offer to take off five years? We're at the goal line, Lieutenant. No need to take our foot off the gas. That is such a mixed metaphor. I believe in mixed metaphors. You understood what I meant, didn't you? Totally. We should drive our race car into the end zone. Your Honor, if the government's deal is still on the table, my client wishes to accept. Captain? Excellent. We can move on, then. Lieutenant Colonel Talley, the defense respectfully requests a continuance. We're moving fast here, Major Ferry. What gives? I have a doctor's appointment. I've had to reschedule it a few times. I really need to keep it. My wife's pregnant. I don't even know what we're supposed to be looking for. Fetal heartbeat. Movement. It's loud in there. Is that normal? Okay. Here we go, baby, come on. Talk to us. Beats so fast. I'll be right back with the doctor. Look at that. There. Right there. That's a heartbeat. My God. There's two. What? One heartbeat. Two heartbeats. Come in. I'm covering your line while Lieutenant Eick is at his appointment. You've had two phone calls from the Brigadier General Review Board. They've just adjourned. What do they want? It's my first year eligible. Nobody makes it their first year. Respectfully, ma'am, sometimes they reach down. I'd call them back if I were you. I think you're gonna be a general. Excuse me, sir. My wife and I were dismissed 20 minutes ago by the d... Hey. Katya. Hi. What's going on? You should come back. Let me check with the doc. No, wait. Could you just tell me what's happening? I was ready to let her go. The doctor noticed something with the last test. Your wife is showing signs that are consistent with early labor. This is our first ultrasound. Wait here. I'll be right back. Captain Abraham. You say it's not the Rami Bat-Signal, yet here you are. I-I tried to call you. What's going on? Agent Chong. What's NCIS doing here? Captain Abraham. I need you to come with me. What? Sir, please. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's going on? Abe, they're apprehending you. Why? What's the charge? Article 94. Mutiny and sedition. Does this order come from the field office? Way further up the food chain, ma'am. Would you come with us, please? This is insane. When did I commit mutiny? The charge refers to an incident on March 5, 2010. This is a setup. Stop. I'll go. Captioning sponsored by. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 