Black Lagoon: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Black Lagoon 
 s1e11 - Lock 'n' Load Revolution - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Black Lagoon (2006): Season 1, Episode 11 - Lock 'n' Load Revolution - full transcript 
 Chang, leader of the Hong Kong triad, comes to Lagoon wanting their assistance transporting some documents belonging to anti-US terrorists - which Chang recovered and is selling to US interests. Rock and Revy are enlisted to do the job, and are supposed to rendezvous with another group - Shenhua, a Taiwanese assassin, and her partner Leigharch, a drug-dealing European man - on an island in the Philippines. Upon their arrival there, Rock ends up captured by the terrorist group, who got to he and Revy just before Shenhua and her colleague arrived. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\blur3}I have a big gun, I took it from my Lord... {\blur3}Sick with Justice, I just wanna feel you... {\blur3}I'm your angel, only a ring away... {\blur3}You make me violate you, no matter who you are! {\blur3}It's all up to you, no one lives forever... {\blur3}Been burn in the hell, by all those pigs out there... {\blur3}It's always been hell, from when I was born... {\blur3}They make me violate them, no matter who they are! {\blur3\fs79}Get down on your knees! Get a good head on your shoulders! {\blur3}If it's for your guys, go to the end of the Earth... {\blur3}Do what you think, give it with dedication... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 {\blur3}I'll put out your misery! {\blur3}You made a mess! For Christ sakes, this rotten world! {\blur3}Shit out of luck! Go with my vision! {\blur3}Light up the fire! Right on the power! {\blur3}Weapon... I have it all! {\blur3}Weapon... I have it all! Roanapur. In this city, gangs from around the world fight for territory. It's a strange balancing game. This is a terrible tragedy. The exterior of the building no longer has shape or form. What we know so far is that... ...37 embassy employees have been killed and 150 wounded. The Zaire military is currently continuing with its rescue efforts. Right after the bombing, a terrorist organization calling themselves... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ...the Protectors of the Islamic Front... This sure is a dirty room. ...claimed responsibility for the attack. Revy, are you awake? We have a job. Dutch says it's an emergency. Revy! Is that you, Rock? Yeah. It's a big, last minute request. He told me to hurry and wake you up, so I flew down here from the office. Damn it. Who's this job for? Mr. Chang. From the Triad. I've been waiting for a while now. Doesn't this shop even offer a cup of coffee? You call this service, Dutch? Well... I never knew we were running a café. You know why we have a torpedo boat, don't you, Mr. Chang? Such cold words, Dutch. We were burned out of our place and came straight here. Isn't it common courtesy to at least offer a cup of tea? That sure was a tragedy, Mr. Chang. Did I hear right, that half of your office has collapsed? Yeah, we got hit hard. Was it the Russians? Of course not. We're always very friendly with Miss Balalaika. Hey, Two Hands. Did I miss a lot? No, we're just about to get started. This is the cause of everything. But it's certainly worth it. I took this from a stupid Bulgarian... ...who tried to make a quick buck in my territory. I don't recall giving permission to anyone to sell weapons... ...other than old Yolanda from the Ripoff Church. But this guy clearly misunderstood. He was casually selling guns on the street as if he was selling hot shrimp. To make matters worse, he mistook my warnings for some crazy joke. He finally understood and made a deal with us... ...when we were about to crush his balls like nuts. The guy was a real idiot, but it turns out he had an interesting job. Oh? He worked for Bulgarian Intelligence, Dutch. This city is a comfortable place for folks like that, too. Normally a guy like that is very useful, but... This time his playing with fire cost him. You know what he offered us to save his balls, Dutch? Documents. Oh? The hiking charts of a certain amusing little group. The job they did just before us has been on TV all morning. The U.S. Embassy! I smell danger. The "ball boy's" real job was with them. The world's full of folks who want Uncle Sam to disappear. I told one of those groups that they dropped something. But as soon as I quoted the guys what it would cost them... ...they told me to get the hell out of there before my ass becomes roast. And this is how I answered. "All right, then I'll go elsewhere." Thanks to that, my office has been blasted all the way... ...to somewhere around Jordan... ...and as they predicted, my ass nearly became roast before I got here. Those guys are really not much fun. So, Dutch. Here's the deal. I want you to deliver this. Five teams will leave Roanapur at the same time... ...each heading to a different destination. There are five cases, but only one bingo. - A feint. - As insurance, of course. Your goal is the local base on Basilan Island. The time limit is two days. After that, my company will have left Basilan. Chang, my man, two days doesn't give us enough time. It's always going to be too soon. Last night's embassy bombing was the beginning of a chain. In two days the next schedule starts. When they're done hiking there's gonna be a new president. Uncle Sam came to me because their embassy... ...was launched into the air like the Apollo. We'll provide you with a getaway driver and guard... ...upon your arrival to the island. I'm counting on you, Dutch. Did you bring our pay here with you? Expenses will be calculated separately. I know. I... R! P! G! Well, well. They sure are quick. They're already here. Boss! Are you all right? Your information's leaked, Mr. Chang. This job's canceled. Are you gonna quit? If so, you're gonna have to pay the repair bills for this. I'll at least escort you to your boat. However... I haven't been in the field in a while. Where's your emergency exit? I'll lead the way, Chang. Yeah, thanks. - A grenade?! - Don't panic, Two Hands. In this situation... ...if you hesitate, you lose. Chang's cleared the way. Let's go! Yeah, let's go. - You're getting careless, boss. - Keep the bragging down, Two Hands. You have the skills, but you still fail to see the overall picture. I admit I'm not at your level. I'll be wise and stick with you. Good answer. I'm sending a car. Go to the harbor with that. Oh, boy. One of these days, I'd like to do a job that doesn't require risking my life. Stop complaining, Dutch. We're about to do the dirty work. Hurry! I'll leave the rest to you, Mr. Chang! This is such a pain in the ass. When you get there, don't forget the password. The password is... Okay, I understand. Our comrades have found the delivery boys on the main road. We can shed their blood near Ban Kantang. I wonder about that. This job should've been finished after the bombing of the Triad office. I'm in no mood to judge the failure of our comrades. You mocked those guys as simple gangsters... ...but Chang turned out to be a much smarter gangster than you thought. "See the enemy you should respect, not the enemy you despise." The words of Mao Tse-Tung. You could learn from them, Ibraha. The moral discourse of a man who doesn't believe in God. It's worthless. But he's right. Besides, I don't believe in God either. But you're my comrade, Takenaka. Well... More importantly, maybe we should speed up the plan in America. Don't be ridiculous. The FBI has been keeping a close watch. If we move now before the feint, the plan will be ruined. To figure out which of the five routes they've taken... ...the first one to rule out is over land. And flying is too visible. That only leaves a sea route. Do you have proof? It's intuition. I will ask a comrade commander in the Philippines for assistance. And the sea route, I guess I'll have to take care of that. This is the final step in changing the world, Takenaka. Yeah. The sea is so wide, and it is so big... Did you hear the password? "The Triad is super cool!" Boss Chang can handle himself and has great style... ...but when it comes to telling jokes, he couldn't be worse. Well, you're never gonna find someone perfect at everything. You found it? A torpedo boat? Chang's got some interesting friends. You've determined their path, too? That's perfect. It's just as we predicted. Now I don't have to trade in my ticket for another flight. I'm already in transit. Just don't do anything until I arrive. We need to confirm a few things. Later. E- Excuse me. Please lend me your lighter. - Are you from Japan, too? - Thanks. How did you know? It's obvious... - ...the way you held your hand. - I see. You know, we're on a family trip to Cebu Island. I imagine any place outside Manila would seem far... - ...when traveling with a family. - Right. Huh? Could we possibly have met before? I get this feeling this isn't the first time we've met. I'm sure you do. You're thinking of Mr. Ken. People always say I look like him. Well, bye now. I'm awkward when it comes to conversations. Bye. You sure are aloof. If you recognize me from somewhere... ...it would be at the police station. We've got them, Dutch. The noisy little fly. Okay. Rock, bring me the Remington. - And the Hydra API for ammunition. - Sure. We've taken out the enemy's eyes, but it may not be the only one. Rock. We'll be bait, and charge past Basilan. I want you and Revy to get off at Zamboanga... ...and use the Zodiac to get to Basilan. Got it. Ibraha! I can't hear you! Hurry and get down here! Takenaka! Where are you? Basilan? Hey! That's where our diversion team is! Don't panic! Yeah, I'm at their camp. The lighthouse's base is always the darkest. We're waiting here for the first blow... ...among the local guerrillas... ...but it's the same for them, too. The only place an American imperialist can come and go... ...is the anti-guerrilla special operations camp. It's just further on from here. I can see Chang's next move. This is gonna be fun. This isn't a game, Takenaka! This is an important precursor to the plan! Think of this as an exchange of pawns, brother. In fact, do you think there's anything in this world that isn't? We're the ones poised to take the next piece. He sure is hard-headed. What good is it if you can't have a little fun along the way? So, once we deliver the documents we'll meet you at the base. Yeah. I'll come and get you when I lose those guys clinging to us. People who fight for a cause are so damn persistent. Oh, right. I have an additional message from Mr. Chang. When Rock comes back from the bathroom, tell him too. Sorry to keep you waiting. The target is moving further north from the Zamboanga coast. So they passed Basilan. Basilan is already behind us. We believe they'll be heading due north from Negros. - We will continue our pursuit. - Good work. It's not what it seems. They're coming here... ...right here to Basilan. There's no mistaking it. Such an uninteresting, dull island. What time is it? It's almost six. That was more trouble than we expected... ...finding a place to come ashore. The village should be right ahead. It sure is quiet here. It's a ghost village with no people. There's been martial law here for the last two years. The police and the guerrillas are shooting lead... ...at each other day and night. The people here must have run away to more developed islands. Did I keep you waiting? You're from Lagoon, right? I heard that there were four of you. - And why should I answer that? - No reason you should. Just me, him and a briefcase. That's it. By the way, I don't see your partner. Where's your guard? He's running around looking for a bathroom. He doesn't know the difference between beer and Volvic. So, let's cut to the chase. The Triad is... Now, how did that one go? This isn't the time for jokes. If you don't get to the point, I'll shoot you in the face. Hey, hey. Don't get so hot. It was just a little joke to break the ice. The Triad is super cool. Right? I must say, his sense of humor is a little off. You think so too? Yeah. But I didn't think it was that bad for Mr. Chang. Exactly, asshole. I have a message from the boss for you. "I am tai san fu kwan." Do you know what that means? The god of death and punishment shall hereby bring down judgment on you. I don't know where you got the password... ...but Boss Chang isn't the pathetic idiot or fool you assume him to be. He prepared a new password because of shit heads like you. You hopped into this parade with your ass hanging out. What? Laugh, won't you? This is the part where you laugh. C'mon, laugh. Oh, boy. I guess I got a little carried away. Getting handled like this by a little girl like you. How embarrassing. Rock! Get back! That idiot! Damn you, Rock! You screwed up! The gunfire's started. I don't wanna do this. Leigharch! It's such a pain. I told you not to relax too much before work. I made that clear. I don't wanna move until the gunfire dies down. If they die, we don't get paid. - I don't feel like it. - No, work's important. Damn! They keep coming! That dumbass idiot Rock! Damn him! Sister! Lower your head! - Are you the getaway driver?! - Do I look like an attorney? That was rude, bitch! Don't go after them! The military's left their camp! Retreat! Retreat! I heard from Mr. Chang that there were four of you. Where are the other three? Plans changed and it became two of us. Then one messed up and was captured. Oh! That is pathetic! We're going straight to the base. I wanna finish this job and go home! Where's their hideout? North of the village. Six miles. It's in the jungle. Yes it is. We're not going to the military base. We'll take care of those other guys first. Wipe your own damn ass. Or tell that to the cavalry, Mary Read. Our job is to take you to the base. That's all. And we get paid. We're not interested in doing anything else. My partner has the documents. Get it? Understand you yes? "Yes it is" lady. Don't stain the seats, Shen Hua. If you're gonna do it, do it outside. My English is not too good because I'm pure Taiwanese. Is it no big deal if your head gets separated from the rest of your body? You don't get it. Why do you think the boss hired you? The documents. Without the documents... ...it'll be us three idiots in this car who will... ...have to do the twist in front of the boss with dimwitted looks on our faces. Hey, you're here. We've formed an alliance. This camp is now under our command. That's perfect. Now, welcome to our demilitarized zone. We saw what's inside the briefcase. It's empty. I know nothing about it. And even if I did, I couldn't answer. You know that. An untwisted answer. At a time like this, you should at least crack a joke. Anyway, we have time. We can talk this through. Now, shall we do this in Japanese, young man? If you're gonna get involved in this kinda stuff... ...you really need to be a bit more careful. You're Japanese, aren't you? How long have you been doing this kinda work? Well, you're no fun. Are you gonna stay quiet? It wouldn't hurt for us fellow countrymen... ...be friendly to each other, now would it? This is a problem. {\blur10\pos(980,916)}Next Episode Has the launderer's delivery boy arrived yet?! You're late, Langley boys! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 