Primeval: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Primeval 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Primeval (2007–2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Lester begins interrogating Helen Cutter in a high-tech Home Office maximum security wing, but gets nowhere; she demands that Nick be brought to her. Meanwhile Connor achieves his dream and moves in with Abby, to the amazement of his friends Tom and Duncan, who decide to put a tracker on him and thereby follow the team to a sport stadium where another anomaly has opened in the restaurant kitchens. Tom and Duncan manage to take a dodo home with them before they realize it has a very nasty bite. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, Matt. Is it true you've ordered non-lethal weapons? Morning, Becker. Jess, so... - Three extra shelves. - Yeah. I got a lot of plants. The team needs real guns, we're not collecting for petting zoo. These creatures aren't just interesting, they're also deadly. Yeah, I know. So, you know what happens when they cut corners. People get hurt. People die. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why don't you just give the new weapons a chance? You might be pleasantly surprised. Jess. Yeah, lots of shelves, lots of plants, I got it. I'll see you both at the meeting. He's got no idea. I don't know. I think he's alright? Yeah, but I don't trust him. And you'll see, the rest of the team won't either. Okay, guys. For those of you who I've not met properly. My name is Matt Anderson. I'm your new team leader. For the last... ...couple of days your steamed colleague Captain Becker has been... ...banding my ear on every detail of this operation. To insure... ...that you properly lived after? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So I would like to assure you that safety... ...the safety of this entire team... ...even the safety of Captain Becker is my number one priority. Your jobs are demanding. Your jobs are dangerous. You put your lives on the line to protect the public every time that alarm goes off. There's no room for errors. There's no time for on the job training. So with all of that in mind, some new policy changes are being implemented. All new field operatives will be strictly military... ...or from the military background. Safety will come first. There will be no more civilian recruiting. If anyone wants to talk about this, my door is always open. Over the last few months, a lot of you've testified to the last mission of the old ARC. Yesterday... ...that investigation was officially wrapped up. Abby Maitland, Connor Temple and Danny Quinn... ...have been pronounced missing... ...presumed dead. I would like to make it clear today that this means absolutely nothing. Over the years, this organization has lost many brilliant people... ...including Nick Cutter, Stephen Hart, most recently Sarah Page... As far as I'm concerned, this does not include Abby Maitland, Connor Temple and Danny Quinn. These people could still be out there, fighting to stay alive, fighting to make it home. I didn't have the chance to work with them all as you did. But I hope that someday I will. So today as you new team leader, I'm rejecting the government's findings. - See? Told you. - We're not giving up on these guys. Not yet. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 