Primeval: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Primeval 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Primeval (2007–2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 A prehistoric aquatic creature like a huge crocodile appears in a London swimming pool, eats a life guard, then vanishes. Later a special forces diver vanishes, but then the diver's bones turn up in a flooded basement in a town some way to the south west. Nick Cutter predicts that incidents will occur at places on a straight line through these two locations on the map of southern England. Eventually Cutter is allowed to go through an underwater anomaly, tethered by a safety rope a mile long. Finally, amid a prehistoric landscape, he meets his long missing wife. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Provide medical advances to the very latest... ...in energy and environmental engineering, Prospero is the future. I only invest in the best and the brightest... ...so I am proud to have you on board. And we know you would be proud of Prospero. Welcome. Prospero Industries. The future. Sorry. I have just seen this video with every new recruit this month. Not that you're a new recruit. You're the boss. My boss. Sir. Matt's fine. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lovely. Matt it is. Follow me. What's Burton like? I've met him twice. I thought he would be really scary. But he is not at all. Hold up your wrist. Your I.D. Matches within your skin. Scan doors to gain entry and it won't work for anyone else if you loose it. Cool. So he doesn't keep an office here in the ARC himself then. No. He tends to use Lester's if he pops by. You must be Matt Anderson. Welcome to the ARC. Good to meet you. Lester tells me you might have a problem. We don't really have to get into this now. But as it happens, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 yeah, I think the security team should be in service. You're ex-army, right? I just think the whole black things are a bit conspicuous. Conspicuous? Promotes unity, it gives my men authority in the field. Or let's expect the big guns would have the same effect. The uniforms promote public confidence especially when weapons are involved. Not a Professor Nick Cutter nor Danny Quinn ever had a problem with them. We can talk about this again, can't we? Why don't you show me around? Of course. Start with the armory, shall we? Good luck. He's nice really. What about anomaly research is picking up where Cutter and Temple left of. It's not clear yet. I haven't met yet Lester, though. What did you make through? Light on civilities, heavy on sarcasm, he's hard to read. Keep an eye on him. And the field coordinator? She seems too young for the job. And I'm told she's... ...formidable when she's got a team on an anomaly. What about your second in command? Becker. He likes guns. Well, that's all you picked up about him? He really likes guns. I think it will take him a while to accept me. He was close to Danny, Abby and Connor. I think he feels responsible for what happened. Is he showing any interest in the anomaly? None, whatsoever. Yes, I thought so. Research pattern. What do you got, tell me. I don't think he's the man we're looking for. Okay. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 