The Real Housewives of New Jersey: Season 9, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey 
 s9e4 - Housewives & Heifers - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey (2009–…): Season 9, Episode 4 - Housewives & Heifers - full transcript 
 As their Oklahoma trip continues, the ladies compete in a cattle show; Margaret's husband takes care of an increasingly demanding Marge Sr.; Jennifer insults Margaret's friend, Polly, causing Margaret to lose her cool. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Is totally over? No. Joe was really angry with her, she was really angry at breakfast, and I know one of them's gonna explode. I mean, you don't have to be a genius to see that. Like, you know I feel, I know how you feel. - Just go back to having fun. - Yes. - A hug? All right. - But I'm really happy to put a pin in it for right now so we can enjoy the rest of this trip. Let's go and have a drink. - Oh, yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, I can' drink. You have a drink for me. - I tried to, like, sneak that in. - All right. I wish. - Next time on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Yeah, baby! - [cow mooeing] - no, no, no, no. - Can you rub my feet a little? [laughs] - yes, I do. - Your sister, like, brought up all that stuff, trying to say, like, we're not good to your father. - I mean, what (bleep). I don't understand. - Country music? What a ----ing snore. - You have the worst manners I think I've ever seen. - What are you gonna do about it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Previously on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Hello, oklahoma! - How dare you look so good. - Oh, sh--. - I feel like a badass. - I caught my first fish! - I've been dying go discuss with you that children's hospital gown line. The hospital heroes. - I think it's a brilliant idea. - Tre, I'm glad you brought your food. - Fish and chicken, I've been eating. I brought my own broccoli. - Hi, marge sr. You look like sister bertrille. - It's not my fault. - "it's not my fault I had to get a whole new face." - when you're not around, joey spends more time with his father. - What the (bleep) are you talking about? - If you haven't gotten it by now, you're just never gonna get it. - If you honestly have these feelings, talk to him about it because he's gonna explode. - Then you should make him not ----ing explode. - Shut your ----ing mouth. No matter what I do, it's never good enough. - That's, like, the conversation you guys have to have alone. - The part with your dad, talk to your brother. It's not good for me and you to talk about it. - We're in oklahoma. Have a good time and just drop it. [bright music] - I can make you laugh or make you cry. Your choice. - Don't try to bully me. So free! 'cause I'm a boss. - I have four kids, two degrees, and one kick-ass life. - I may put up a tough front, but I'll never leave you behind. - I'm obsessed with family, traditions, and chanel. - These days, I don't throw punches. I roll with them. ♪ ♪ [coyotes wailing] - oh, my goodness. - You want the truth, never has it been windy here for me, ever. - Well, we brought the wind with us from jersey. - All right, we're starving. - Yes. - This is a little awkward. I mean, I don't know if melissa and teresa are gonna start screaming like they did this morning, and I don't want any scenes in the restaurant. I mean, have we not embarrassed ourselves in enough places? - So we're gonna have fun today and get drunk. - Drunk? - You're not. - Except me. - You have to have a drink. - I tried to sneak it in before. I was like, "all right, let's go get a drink." she's like, "yeah, no." - you could have a drink for me. - Har-de-har-har. - That's right. So you guys seem good. Everything-- you guys smoothed it out? - Yeah, I went into her room and talked to her before because I didn't want our dinner to be as awkward as our breakfast was. - All right, good, all right, good. - You know, sometimes if there's tension between teresa and I, we can ruin all of your lives. I'm so relieved that teresa and I were able to get it off our chest and we've made up, but I had to talk to joe about it. At the breakfast table with everybody, your sister, like, brought up all that stuff trying to say, like, we're not good to your father. - Yeah. - I don't think teresa has any idea how upset she's gotten her brother. I'm just trying not to think about it. - Let's go, girls. - Woo-hoo. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo. - This is so cute. - So cute. - It's very rustic. - It is. - You know what this reminds me of a little? Skiing [indistinct]. - I like ski. I don't like cold weather activities. - I took my kids skiing. - Really? - It's so much work. I was miserable the whole time. So I just left the nanny with them. - Is she an au pair? - Oh, no. I don't have a nanny to raise my kids. I have a wife, that's what I call it. I have a woman to cook and clean because I have seven bedrooms upstairs. I have two more guest rooms in my basement, and my basement has 11-foot high ceilings, so... - The second we got to oklahoma, jennifer, everything she comes out of her mouth. The bragging, the bragging. - My house is high. It's the highest level of all of paramus. I can see manhattan on one side, and the other side, it gets blood red. - Wow. - It's gorgeous. - Polly, who plays that piano? - I have a piano, but nobody plays. - She just can't control herself. - Listen I have a security system in my house, a lot of the rooms have cameras, and my nanny, before they leave, I do random bag check. - You do a random bag check? - I would never think to do this. - I either trust you or I don't. If I'm gonna get burned, I'm gonna get burned, but I'm not gonna watch every move you make. You trust people with your children but not with your silverware. It just makes no sense to me. - I have cameras around my house too, like all security around my house. - Oh, my god. - Well, I think the next step is get a moat. - Get a what? - A moat. - What is a moat? - You know like a castle has the water around it? - A castle has the water around it so no one can get in. - All righty, how are you ladies doing? - Are we ready to order? - Yeah. - Okay. - I'll take the grilled salmon. - All right. - I'll have the buffalo wings. - Okay. - Do you have grilled chicken? - Mm-hmm. - I'll have that. - Okay. - And then also grilled jalapenos. - Okay. - It's good for your metabolism. - I fooled around with my high school gym teacher, my ex-husband used to lock me in the closet when he was mad at me, and I only did cocaine once. - Wow. - Lie, ex-husband locked you in the closet. - Yeah. - I think the high school gym teacher. - The lie? - Lie. - Ex-husband, lie because you can overpower jan, I'm just saying. - Nope, fooling around with my gym teacher. [all cheering] - no, I didn't. [laughter] - wait, your ex-husband locked you in a closet? - Yeah, for sure. Why do you think he's my ex-husband? I love him but, I mean, you know-- - oh, my god. - I can't believe somebody as strong as margaret put up with little jan doing that. - Hi. - Here, I brought you some bagels. - Oh, thanks. - Nobody would lock me in a closet and go to sleep after that, ever. So I'm gonna do my three. - All right. - Okay. - Me and frank had sex last week, I bit a girl in the head, and I had airplane sex. - All right, the lie is she had sex with frank last week. - Agree, lie. - Agree. - Why is everyone agreeing? Why? Everyone thinks I do. Why would that be? - I wanted you to have sex with frank last week. [laughter] okay, who did you have airplane sex with? - Um, I don't remember. I don't remember. [laughter] - thank you. - I have my three things. - Go ahead. - Okay. I had the brazilian butt lift. I once was stuck in really bad traffic and I sh-- my pants. And then the last one is me and my best friend went to this club in the city, and we dressed like dominatrix, and I was her submissive all night. - Ooh, I like these. These are three juicies. - Lie, you sh-- your pants. - Your butt is fake. - I think the lie is the dominatrix. Final answer? - Yeah. - My ass is fake is the lie. - All right. - Wow! - How did you become a dominatrix? - It was like a dominatrix night, and we wanted to have the best outfits. - Oh, it was a theme night. - Listen, when I was growing up, I did everything to rebel against my turkish culture. But being with my husband definitely has changed me. - Did you make out with a girl? - No, I've never done that. No. I never told my husband about the dominatrix thing until after we were engaged, and he was a little bit shocked but kind of like, "okay, now, go and whip some sh-- up, but in the kitchen." I guess no one wants to hear the sh-- the pants story since we're eating? - Oh, my god. [laughter] - coming up... - I mean, I have a very large house. It's very easy in life to move up. It's hard to go back down. - Jennifer, god has a very funny way of humbling people. [cow moos] - you're up? - I've been up for, like, 15 minutes. You were out. You were so out last night. - Oh, I was so tired. - Dinner was really fun. I just like, oh, my god. - I was dying when jennifer said she sh-- her pants in her car. - Oh, my god. The bag check, that's what I keep thinking of. - I know, I-- - I feel like to do that to people you have to feel above them in some way. It's demeaning, right? - Yeah. I know, I think, like, when she wants to say something, she'll just say it, she is not thinking like, "oh, maybe not say this because it might sound pretentious." like, do you know what I mean? I think she just says it. Good morning. - Good morning. - Hi. - With your little cow mug. - I know, my little cow mug. So who's pretentious, the bag checker? - You trust them with your kids, but not with your silverware. - I mean, that is so funny. You're absolutely right. - Yeah, like all the bragging. Like, listen, we all have some money, you know? We live in nice parts of new jersey, it's not-- like I'm sure you could brag. Like, you just don't. - No, I mean, jesus christ. [line ringing] - hello? - What, my princess? - Oh, no, stop. - To see my daughter cry, it's so heartbreaking and it's like I melt, especially because I feel mommy guilt for leaving. I know, baby. I'm gonna be home before you know it. I mean, I'm a mush for my kids. Isn't every mother? I'm gonna buy you the biggest surprise toy. - You want the hello dream house? - Okay, you got it. - Bye, love you! [lips smacking] I got to get that hello dream house. That sh-- is $400. - It's very obnoxious, just like with the sunset. - Oh, my god, the sunset. It has to be better. - It's like, you know, she's a little bit one-upping. - Maybe she feels that way because she's new to all of us, and she's just trying to prove herself. Overall, I think we should give her a chance. Do you know what I'm saying? - I know. It's fine. All right, we got to get ready, we-- maybe melissa has a point. Maybe I just haven't given jennifer a fair chance. - You know, listen, see how she is as she knows us a little bit more. Maybe she'll, like, warm up to us a little bit. - And to be honest, I love a girl who could, like, sh-- in pants and-- - you see? You got to give her a chance. A girl that's gonna tell you that she sh-- herself is a cool girl in my book. - But I promise you if I ever sh-- myself, none of you are ever gonna know about it. [laughter] - good morning. - Hi. - Oh, my goodness, this is a spread and a half. - Aw. - Everybody looks so western, - I'm ready to giddy-up. - You are ready to giddy-up. - Perfect. - Because I have a treat for you guys. - What's happening now? - Okay, so when you raise your children on a ranch, they get this steer, and you learn how to show them at cattle shows, and one's happening this morning, and so I entered all of you guys in the show. - No way. - What's up? - Polly and I go way back, over 20 years. I have visited her, I can't even count how many times, and every time I come, I get to go to these great cow shows that her kids and grandchildren have participated in. A cow show is basically a beauty pageant for cows. - You do what you call-- you set the steer up, so you move him around, and you wash him, and then you blow dry him, and you fluff their hair, and we'll teach you how to comb it. Look at teresa. [laughter] - I'm just nervous. I'm nervous. - Your guys will tell you all this, but it's really important when you're leading your steer, you always want to look at the judge. - And smile? - Oh, yeah, they love that, because they also will judge your presentation. - Okay. - Wow. - We won't actually be competing with the kids. We'll just be competing amongst each other. Polly just wanted to show us a true oklahoma experience. And let me tell you, nothing is more oklahoma than a cattle show. I mean, blow dry a cow. That is pretty real. - Time to bat those eyes, ladies. - Oh, I have one more surprise though. - Oh-oh. - After the cattle show we're gonna have a party and we're gonna dance the night away. [all cheering] now it's time. You have to get up, go get ready to meet your steers and your cowboys. - All right. - Yee-haw! - Go do it. - Going to meet my cow. - Should I feel guilty that I'm playing cowgirl and poor joe is wrangling marge sr.? - Yep. [laughter] - joe? - What? - Hello? This has to go in the refrigerator. It's not cold enough. I told margaret that we needed to buy more. - It's coming out good. - [groaning] yeah. Puffy, but I do need to be propped up. You'll have to go get my pillow, please. Until then I'll... - Mom? - Yeah? Oh, good. - Which way? - Yeah. Oh, this is good, yeah. This is perfect. Do you think I could have some water? - I'll get you water. Are you hungry? - I am starved. - You want mashed potatoes again? - That would be great. - Okay. - Marge sr. Is normally very independent. - Frigging thing. - Joe, I would prefer a fork instead of a spoon. - What? - I prefer the fork. - I have no idea what she's saying. - When she is not feeling well, the woman needs to be waited on hand and foot. - Joe, I'm gonna ask you to go upstairs and get me advil because I have a little headache. - All right. - She'll tell you exactly what she wants, how she wants it, and when she wants it. - Oop, there goes the microwave. - And you better do it that way or she'll nag the sh-- out of you. - I'll get your food. - I mean, I feel bad for joe. - Thank you, thank you. I forgot to tell you, you got to take me to dr. Kassir's office Thursday morning. - Okay. - I might ask you to go to starbucks later. - I'm gonna owe joe so big time for this. I mean, I'm gonna be worn out, if you know what I'm saying. Bedsores. - Can you rub my feet a little? - Sure. - Oh, that feels good. What could be better? Eating mashed potatoes and a son-in-law rub my feet. [laughs] - no sponge baths, all right? I'm not doing it. [upbeat music] - okay, you guys. - Whoo, look, there's the tent. - Oh, is that where the party's gonna be? Yay! - Wow, that's awesome. - Isn't that great? - Yeah. - So I'm going down to my car, and I'm leading the way. - Whoo-hoo! - Y'all in, cowgirls? - We're in the midwest, ladies. - How excited are we? - I got to show my steer. - What happens to the loser? - What about we have a bet, the loser, they have to sleep alone in the trailer? - Hell yeah. Hell to the yeah. - Wait a second. Dolores, don't you like the trailer? - Dolores, I think you can stay here. - It's a little closed-in, no? - What about jennifer in that bed? - Oh, no, I couldn't sleep here. - How am I gonna put my sh-- in there? It was very tight, I mean, I have a very large house. I come from 16 bathrooms. We're going to a ranch that's a thousand-acre ranch. I thought it was maybe, like, luxurious. Seriously, one bathroom in the hallway for all those bedrooms. It's really hard. The bathrooms didn't even have locks on their doors, okay? I had a panic attack every time I had to do number two. It's really easy in life to move up. It's hard to go back down. - It isn't easy to come back down, but I'm gonna tell you something, I'm gonna knock you down a few notches. I'm gonna knock your ----ing teeth out if you keep saying these things about my girlfriend's house. All right, so then the loser has to sleep in the trailer by themselves. - That's right. - I don't know, girls. - Jennifer, I want you to lose and be in the trailer. - I'm scared. - Well, then don't be a loser, be the winner. - Very true. - You gotta do what you got to do out here in oklahoma. - I'm not sure this competition is some oklahoma hazing ritual, but you better bet your bottom dollar that I am not gonna be the loser. - So are you gonna sleep in the trailer if-- - if you lose, girl. - If you lose. - Jennifer, god has a very funny way of humbling people. - I mean, you think you're so fancy? You live next to the cemetery, bitch. - That's true. [laughter] - coming up... - I want this one. [cow moos] - oh, no, no, no. - Could you ever see yourself living here, anybody? - No. I want to go where it's glamorous. But like, "oklahoma, what are you gonna do, go cow tipping?" ♪ with chili's to go, baby, go, baby, go ♪ ♪ you get 3 for $10 bucks, baby, bucks, baby, bucks ♪ ♪ and take it to go, baby, go, baby, go ♪ ♪ while you sit on your butt, baby, butt ♪ ♪ 3 for $10 bucks, baby, bucks, baby, bucks ♪ mmm-hmm! ♪ and take your chili's to go ♪ ♪ baby, go, baby, go ♪ ♪ ♪ opportunity is everywhere. Like here. Where you can explore the world knowing you can always find your way home. ♪ ♪ ♪ merci, to my best friend, yvette. You are the best partner I've ever had at work. Thank you so much for all you do. I love you. Say thank you with merci. The thoughtful collection of european chocolates. Merci, yvette. - Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the nowata county livestock show. - We're here, ladies. - Oh, my god, this smells. - Personal showing is... - My children would love this. - How are you, ladies? - Hi, derrick. How are you? - How are you, ladies? Miss polly, how are you? - Good. How are you? - Okay, you guys, this is derrick. - How are you, ladies? - Hi, derrick. - Well, ladies, we are glad you're here. We have some young men over here that are gonna be training you to prepare an animal for a show ring environment. You're gonna pair up, pick an animal, and then the gentlemen will start working with you as far as how to prepare to take one into a show ring. - Okay. - Let's go, come on. - I do love animals. - I want to kiss them. - So we can pair up. - All right, so me and you and those two? - Yeah, we can do me and melissa. - Okay, you guys and us. - Me and melissa will go together. - I am so excited because the cow show is all about presentation. I mean, who's gonna beat me and melissa gorga? We have this in the bag. No trailer for me. - Ladies, go ahead and choose your animal. - Oh, my god. They're really big. I'm, like, scared. - Nothing slimy, please. - Can we get the smallest one? - No, I want this one. [cow moos] - no, no, no, no! I've never been a fan of larger animals. - Come on, boys. - Ew! Oh, my god. - [laughs] - [screams] they can't talk to you so you don't know what they're thinking. They can't say, like, "what are you doing?" so they could ram into me. Like, you never know. They might see red. Right? Is that--are they bulls? Wait, is it gonna kick us? - They don't kick, no, ma'am. - Oh, my god. - We kinda keep them calm. They like their bellies scratched. - Okay. - You're fine, you're fine, I promise. - This is ginger. - Hi, ginger. - It looks like a ginger. - It does. - Ginger's a little mad. She's giving me some side eye. - Ginger, if you need any chanel accessories, we got the perfect person here for you. - I'm the chanel cowgirl. - I want the black one. - All right, this one. - It matches our outfit. - I think she's offended by your pants. - These are pleather, these are pleather. - All right, now, we want to get it puffy, and then we're gonna lightly comb the outside down so it looks smooth. - Ah, got you. - There you go. - Oh, my god, really? Down there--go up? - Yep, yep. - By the ass? - Teresa is deathly afraid of animals, but she is the most competitive person. We have to win. - Yeah, we do. - Because I want jennifer in the trailer. - I want to win too. I don't like to lose. - Me and teresa are a good team because I'm, like, the animal whisperer, so I think together we're the ----ing best. - You got this? She's taking ownership in this. - That's good. - Don't worry, jersey. We got this. - I don't know, how do you get used to the smell? - What smell? - Yeah, like the smell of the asshole. - Does that look good? - Yeah, it looks good. - Can we put like little bows on him and stuff? Do they do that, like dress them up? No? No, okay. - I don't know if I'm more tired of the smell of cow or jennifer's bullsh--. - All right, heifer, all right. - So if you come on this side. - Ahhh! [both screaming, laughing] - what the hell? - We need a whole lot less squealing. - Okay, I'm sorry. I'm done squealing. I'm gonna turn into a diva just for two minutes until someone cleans the heifer's ass, and then I'll come back. - You're gonna get all the dead, nasty hair off him. - What if she starts to pee? It's gonna splatter. - It'll be okay. - Bend down. - There you go. - Oh, like this? - So I think ginger's good and ready. What are we doing next? - Ladies, if I could get everybody to come over, please. - Okay, this way, buddy. This way, jersey. - Ahh! He's pooping! - There's a pole here. Oh, jesus, oh. I got this. - You got this. - Okay, ladies, because you can't show together, you must choose which one of you will show the heifer in the ring. - Jackie, I choose jackie! - Yeah, you could do it, baby. - Maybe go like this a little. - You really want to show it? This is your friend's place. You can show it. - No, no, no, you show it. - If you're not showing, you ladies can go to the audience. - Okay, we're going to the audience. Let's go, let's go, let's go. - Give them a big round of applause [indistinct]. - All right! - Yay! - Ooh, jackie's doing a good job. - Whoo, go jackie! Shake them teats. - I mean, oh, melissa, look at this. - Oh, my god, look at melissa. [laughter] - dolores you see tits and ass. - Whoo-hoo! - You're doing great, dolores. You're doing great. - So now, he goes around and he judges. - Come on. - Melissa got second place. - Yay! - And in first place, the winner of our cattle showing contest... Jackie. - Ohh. [cheers and applause] - that's my bitch right there. [cheers and applause] - it's the champ. - Yeah, baby! - I'm thrilled that I am the winner. No trailer for me, and you're welcome for the free ride, jennifer. I will take payment in the form of chanel. - Good job, baby. - Thank you. - Once again, see. - I knew you had it in you. - Congratulations. - I would clap, but I have this big prize in my hands. - Oh, my god. [cow moos] - coming up... - Yes, I do. Unbelievable. This sday only, get 10% off target giftcards. Get 10% off red. 10% off green. And 10% off every color in between. Get 10% off all target giftcards. This Sunday only, at target. At pizza hut, we're more than just $5 medium 1-topping pizzas- woah, wait- medium pizzas... For five dollars?! And all these sides? Only five bucks? I'm speechless. The new five dollar lineup. Because no one outpizzas the hut. [upbeat country music] ♪ ♪ [line rings] - hello? - Hi, milania. Guess what I did today. You'll never believe it. - I was in a cattle show. I had to wash a steer, blow dry it and comb it. - [laughs] - hi. - Hey, baby. Oh, my god, you look so relaxed. How are you home with the kids and you're so relaxed? - I miss you. - This whole trip has been like such a different experience. - Yeah, yeah, I'm down with nature, sure, but I'm kind of over it. I'm ready to come home. I feel like margaret and dolores, they've been a little bit on guard towards me. - Yeah. This is my first girls' trip since I've been married, so this is a big deal for me. I was thinking maybe I can invite them all over to the house next weekend with the kids. I wanted to just check with you, make sure it was okay with you. You know, I think I'm funny, and once these girls see me in my element, which is not oklahoma, they'll get to know the real me. It could be like a party. We could do something outside. Maybe I could rent a big inflatable. - Thank you. I'm gonna go because the party's gonna start. Kiss the kids for me. Love you, mwah. - Bye. ♪ ♪ - oh, my god, it's so beautiful out here, ladies. - I just can't believe it's our last night already. - This trip has been so different than any trip I've ever been on, like we were in a cow contest today. - Hi. - Hi! - Polly's home is so beautiful. It's so country. I feel like-- - I want to marry her. - Well, I have to say, a light bulb went off. I was thinking that maybe if you guys are free next weekend, you can come see the house that I've been talking about. I've had people compare it to monte carlo or a hotel in France. What I've been describing about the house just doesn't do it justice, and I don't want to brag. [laughter] - no, no, not you. I'm excited to go to jennifer's house, I can't miss a chance like this. I mean, it's the biggest house in paramus. Overlooks the mall. I mean, the best view ever, right over neiman marcus. - I have this huge fountain. - I have a fountain too. - I have a bidet. - I have a garden hose. - Oh, my god. - Are you guys ready to go to the hoedown? - What, like, technically, is a hoedown? - We're gonna be dancing with the cowboys who were there today. - I don't think my brother will like that too much. - No, it's a two-step, it's a two-step. But, he's two plane rides away, so. - Yeah. [smooth music] ♪ ♪ - what do you guys want to eat? What do you want for dinner? - Yeah, I want pizza. - Stop snapping. - Plain? - Where's my date? - Come on, guys. Look at these two. No flirting tonight. - Yes, we won't. We're gonna be good. - Welcome to the columbia inn. - Thank you. - Ooh, I'm starving. Thank you. - Does anyone want something to drink? - I want the vodka. - Vodka? - Yeah. - Ma, have a glass of wine. You want wine? - I'll have a little beverage. - I tell you, drunk donna is even better than drunk melissa. If I was a little older, forget about it. - How many pizzas are we gonna do here? - I would bring two plain, then we're good. - Okay, you got it. - To us. - Here's to you guys. - I wonder what they're doing in oklahoma. - No. - Oh, they wanted to see cowboys? - Everything is men and sex with you. - All right, we got the food here. This is the thin pizza. - Antonia, I want some of that thin one. I got my beautiful mother-in-law, I got my father and my beautiful kids. - Yeah? - Yes, I do. - When? - You come over, we play cards. - Cards for hours. - Every little chance I get I spend time with him. You know, that's bullsh--. You know why? Because he's listening to his daughter. - No. - Yeah, no, I try. You know, when she gets home, enough's enough. I'm tired of this sh--. Now, listen, we're living the life. We got to work. - Well, listen, you know I love you, right? - You're got a good son. That's how you gotta think about it. - I haven't even heard from your daughter all day. - They're busy riding the cowboys. - Unbelievable. - Yee-haw! [laughter] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - here we go. - Hold on let me hold on to you because I got these stiletto heels. - I don't know how you're walking in those. - The music sounds so good! [cheering] - whoo, what's this game? - That's cornhole. I love cornhole. - All right, come on. [all groan] [cheering] - this is a party, polly. - It's a party. - Jersey's a pretty damn good party state, but, you know what, oklahoma can hold it down. [cheering] these jersey hos are ready to hoedown. [laughs] - it's fricking windy as hell. - It's a twister. - Okay, I need to go in the tent. - How does everyone keep their hats on? - Ooh, is my hair blown all over? - Wow. Oh, my god, I love it. - Polly, how do we dance the two-step? - We got to go over here. - Teresa. - James. - Hi, how are you? - He's an amazing two-stepper. - Oh, so he should show us. - Isn't this adorable? - Whoo! - Oh, my god. - What's your name? - Chris. - Okay. - Two steps forward, one step back. - One, two, one. - This is it? - This is it. - I like your style. - Yeah, right. - Yes, ma'am. - You're not gonna two-step? - I'd rather not. - Turkish women need to be respectful of our husbands. I could just imagine me going home and telling my husband, "yeah, baby, that's what I did, oklahoma dancing with some hot cowboys." - jennifer, come on! - I'm good, I'm good. - Do si do, how about do si don't? - Thank you. - I have never been called ma'am so much, and I am loving it. - You know what, we ought to tell our men to pick it up a notch. - Frankie's gonna learn. - Gino and joey are gonna learn that when you see a lady you take your hat off. - You tip your hat. - A little southern charm on an italian boy-- - forget it. - Yes. - You know what, you guys, I'm just gonna check on joe real quick. I'll be right back. - Oh, okay. We'll be here. - Let's mingle with the locals. - Let's mingle with the locals. - Okay. - I'm following your lead. - Hi, honey. - Look at me, I'm, like, in a windstorm. It's like a tornado. - Yeah. - What are you doing? - Hi, mom. - Sometimes I don't think joe gets enough credit. I mean, joe tries to be equally as good to my mother as he does to his father. - Oh stop it. That's not even funny. - Oh, my god. I mean, I also have a widowed mother who gets lonely sometimes. You see what happened to daddy, and what, what did you have to leave behind? - I don't want to talk about stuff with your father. - No, don't get upset, mommy. I mean, my mother and my father-in-law love hanging out with each other, and I love that joe always makes that happen. You took our parents out to dinner? You're such a good husband. - I'll be home tomorrow, okay? - Bye, love you guys. - Oh, my god, I'm so hungry. I want to eat everything I see. - You got to eat barbeque. - It is like a wind tunnel out there. My eyelashes still on? - Yeah. - Oh, my god. I just called joey. He's out to eat with my mom and your dad together. He's like, "they're dating tonight." I'm like, "don't even kid like that." - that is so cute. - Your dad goes, "I'm gonna take your mother to the hotel." - oh, my god. - Melissa makes a point of letting teresa know, "oh, joey's with their dad." she might want to tread lightly on this because it could spark a fire that jersey hasn't seen in a very long time. - Yeah, so... - Coming up... - Polly, come visit us in jersey. - Okay, I am. - You have to stay with me, polly. - No, she's staying with me. - Wait, what about me? I got 16 bathrooms. ♪ - I just called joey. He's out to eat with my mom and your dad together and he's like, "they're dating tonight." I'm like, "don't even kid like that." your dad got on and he goes, "I'm gonna take your mother to the hotel." I was like... [laughter] - it's nice that my brother's with my dad that I'm not around, but I wish he would pitch in now and again when I am home because I am taking care of four daughters, and I do have a lot on my plate, just saying. - Is it just me? I feel like all this music sounds the same. - No. - This is so fun. We have to do more dancing. - I know, I definitely want to do more dancing. - I want to get a drink. - I want to get food. - Let's go get a drink. - I want to just drink something with no calories. - You want to get food? - Yeah. ♪ ♪ - jennifer, glad is a plasti - jennifer, ladd is a plastic surgeon, who did my eyes. - Ooh. - My husband is a plastic surgeon. - Oh, he is? - Let me ask you, how is plastic surgery in oklahoma? - Believe it or not. Jennifer thinks we live in a third world country. - I mean... [laughter] - I hope you can eat some of this. - Wow, look at that, wrapped in bacon. Is there any grilled chicken? - There's some chicken breasts. - What's this one? - That's brisket, smoked brisket. - Oh, yum. - That's it for me. - All right, should we sit? - Hi, honey. What's going on? - Are you having a good time? - I'm having a lot of fun. I love the two-step. - Yeah, that was fun. - Teresa, you're doing a good job in those shoes. - I mean, I'm impressed. - Tequila on the rocks, please. - Cheers. - Cheers. - Oh, I can't. This tastes like rubbing alcohol. - Oh, my god, we are outside in a tent. Just drink, girlfriend. - All right, fine, drink. I got to hold my nose and drink. It's like- - you are so funny. Cheers. - Cheers, cheers. All right, let's have some fun! - We're getting down and dirty hillbilly style. Ah-whoo! - Listen, I love having a drinking buddy because it's like, teresa's not drinking because she's working out and wants to be a toothpick. Margaret says she gets a pounding headache. - Dolores is like a fake drinker. She makes pretend she's drinkin'. She's really not. So jennifer, jennifer throws down. That's my kind of girl. - Barbecue, come on now. Can we get any more cliché? - Jennifer, she just can't control herself. - It's like weird. - Hi, honey. - I think she's missing that, like, filter of appropriate things to say. - I don't think she knows any better because no one that knows better would talk like that. - I know. - But next Saturday we're all gonna go to jen's house, the taj mahal. - I know, right? - This ----ing house that I've been hearing about for three ----ing days. - And she has a fountain. - I have a big fountain too. - Teresa, you have a very big, fabulous house. You don't say to me when I come over, "oh, come look at my this." I mean, it's, like, weird. - I feel like everyone's overreacting about jennifer. I feel like jennifer's joking. I mean, sometimes people do that because, in a way, she feels like she has to show it off. - It's nice to be proud but cut me a ----ing break. - She likes to make people laugh. You know, maybe people don't get her humor? - Listen, here's the thing. There's never an excuse to be rude. [laughter] - hi. How was that food? - So good. - Hi, guys. - Hi. - Are you guys having fun? - Are you? - Yes. - How cool is this that we can, like, drink wine out of a solo cup and totally be cool with it? - Could you ever see yourself living here, anybody? - No. - I love it here. - I like a different-- I like seeing different parts of the country. - If I had a few days off, I want to go where it's sunny, I want to go where it's glamorous. But like, oklahoma, what are you gonna go cow tipping? - Jennifer, what is wrong with you? I mean, she's totally insulting polly to her face. - I feel like if I came here, I would probably just stay in a hotel. - Okay, I'm gonna go walk around. You guys keep talking, okay? I'm gonna go. - Have some decency. You know, I'm really getting huffy. - Hey, everybody. Everybody, can you gather around? Margaret, I want you to come up and join me. Margaret and I have been friends for over 20 years. It's been the most amazing relationship, right? - That's right. - We've done so much together and, you know, one of the reasons that margaret came is because she asked me to help on this incredible product line. It's called hospital heroes. It's really an amazing idea. Margaret has the biggest heart of any person I've ever met, truly. She brings you into her life and lets you be a part of an amazing journey, and I'm really grateful. - Thank you. - Yeah, thank you. [cheers and applause] - you know, margaret's friendship with polly, it's very telling. Just by seeing how amazing polly is and how when margaret asked polly to have us there, she did everything out of her friendship for margaret. She didn't know us. That says a lot. I have to say, I'm impressed. - I just want to thank polly and her entire family for hosting us. I know it's a lot to have these fabulous jersey girls. Thank you. And that she would host all of us lunatics, I mean it just shows how much she loves me and I'm very lucky. - Polly, come visit us in jersey. - Okay, I am. I'm doing it. - You have to. - You can stay with me, polly. - Okay, I will. - No, she's staying with me. - Wait, what about me? I got 16 bathrooms? - Okay, okay. - That's all right. So you don't have to plunge a toilet when you got 16. You can sh-- in a different one every day for two weeks. [laughter] - jennifer, she's lit. You drank more than everyone at the party. - [laughs] - coming up... - Country music? What a ----ing snore. - You have the worst manners I think I've ever seen. - What are you gonna do about it? Get 10% off red. 10% off green. And 10% off every color in between. Get 10% off all target giftcards. This Sunday only, at target. - That was fun. I feel like a true-- what's the proper etiquette? - Cowgirl. - Yeah. - I thought it was fabulous. I had a great time. - Like, what is this? Is this like-- it's like country music, what a ----ing snore. Snore. - What did she just say? - Snore, like-- people listen to that music? - Are you kidding? That was so fun. What are you saying? - No, it's fun. I'm just saying like, you know, she could have played some house music or something and get really, like, turned up. - Are you kidding me? - You know, cater to the guests. - Okay, that's socially inappropriate. - Whatever. Cry me a river, margaret, really, for real. - Seriously, you have the worst manners I think I've ever seen. - Oh, my god, I have the best manners. I totally disagree with that. - I mean, it's a little socially inappropriate-- - okay, so I'm socially inappropriate. What are you gonna do about it? No offense, I mean-- - I just feel like you just like to one-up everybody. I like to one-up? Now I'm getting insulted. I'm not trying to one-up anybody. I'm trying to be funny. I'm trying to make nice. I don't like the music. I'm entitled to my own opinion. - Yeah, but there's a time and a place. There is a time and place, and polly's her best friend. She just made us a really, really, like, special weekend and a big party. - Oh, my god. - I'll give another example of polly showing us the beautiful sunset. "well then, look at my sunset." this is so beautiful. I mean, it's not like who's dick is bigger, do you understand what I'm saying? I was embarrassed. I brought my friends here and I want my friends to be respectful of other people's feelings. - I do speak more fast than what I'm thinking. Like, sometimes it just comes out fast only because I'm-- - all right, so maybe that has to stop. - Listen, but I'm not gonna change who I am, so if I had a party and people came and people left complaining about it, that wouldn't bother me. - It's obnoxious. I wouldn't do it. - Okay, so that's you. - It might not bother you but-- - you want a medal? I don't know. - You know what I'm saying? - It is offensive. You know, I have opened my home in what I hope was a really gracious way. - That's not my intention to be offensive. - It's not usually someone's intention. - It's usually for shock value. - Why? I don't understand that. - I just think that punch lines should be funny and-- - every time you say an insult, you got to sleep in the trailer. There we go, you're going. - Oh, my god, dolores. What is your issue with the ----ing trailer. I did not come here searching for my own room. I mean, like, we're not at the four seasons here, where I'm like, "I want the ----ing penthouse suite." - oh, that was another one. There was another one, right? - It was, jen. It was. - I'm sorry. - It was. [laughs] - jen, listen to me. - Yeah. - Do you get what that sounds like right now? I think you just need to be a little bit more conscious of what you're saying when you're in somebody's house about like, was it a little offensive, yes, no? I'm just letting you know. - Listen, now that you're saying the words out loud, I really didn't realize it. Polly, I would like to apologize to you about the sunset. I one-upped you, and at the end of the day, I'm just sorry that I did that. I shouldn't have done that. Thank you for pointing it out to me, but that was not my intention, really. I came here to make good friends, not to ruffle feathers, and if I insulted anybody during the process, I have no problem owning up to it or apologizing for it. I'm just trying to fit in. I think this was great. I would never have had this experience at the four seasons. - She'd never have this experience at the four seasons. - Damn, I thought I was the four seasons. - Meaning the wonderful, the wonderful experience. The wonderful experience that I would never have gotten to see. - Now, that was funny. - And I want to thank you instead of insulting you, and if I insulted you, I'm sorry. - I believe you. Thank you, we're good. - I just want to say good night because, like, I'm totally heated. - Okay. - Thank you so much. I just want to, like relax. We had a conversation about it. I'm hoping it's over, and guess what, I'm gonna sleep in the ----ing trailer tonight, all right? So we're good. - We had a little argument, we, like, moved on, and she's gonna sleep in the trailer. - I'm not gonna lie. I'm a definite inappropriate drunk, so I may have hoe'd down a little bit too much. Note to self, easy on the tequila next time. - Night, honey. Thank you. - Great time, great party. - This is the best ranch experience I've ever had in my entire life. - I'm so happy. - Next time on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Oh, my god. - Oh, my goodness. - This is enormous. - Oh, and you have a throne. - I have a few thrones. - I come home, by wife's ----ing almost crying because she's like, "I can't just get over it." - of course she comes home and tears up, makes you feel sorry for her. - Get the (bleep) out of here. - Do you really think that melissa can control her husband? - Yeah. - Do you think that your husband would be in jail right now if you could control what he did? - To learn more about "the real housewives," - this season on... - Shh. - Surprise! - [ baby cries ] - I adopted a baby. [ baby coos ] - genuinely-- - okay. - I'm sorry. - Here's to, like, one day at a time, girl. - Thank you. - I've never gone to lunch with leeanne, but she invited me. - Good luck with that. - I feel like you are so different away from brandi. - I'll be gone the whole month of may. - Travis is leaving to go to harvard business school. Everything is going to go to hell. - We're best friends. [ glasses clink ] - brandi and d'andra going to best buddies in the group can be explained by one simple river-- alcohol. - Are you saying I have a drinking problem? - And you're drunk. You're an alcoholic. - My adoption is not final. But you insinuating something like that, you could hurt me. - I may have to go and, you know, get-- separate my company and get an investor. - You can go out here and sell it on the street if you want to. I don't really give a rip what you do. - So the company will be 100% mine or 75% mine? - No, you're going to have 100%. I'm going to get the lawyer to draw up the papers. - Do you feel like he's faithful? There's been a lot of rumors about, you know, his relationships with other women. - Shut up. You stay out of it. - Don't tell me to shut up. Don't put your ----ing finger in my face. - Stop it! - Hey, hey, hey! - Stop! [ cheers and applause ] - I am topless. Bitch, what are you doing?T? - I was videotaping it for posterity so you could watch it. - You're a manipulative ----ing bitch! And that's why you were taking a video back there, is because you want to use it against us. All of you have been a bunch of fake bitches. ----Ing bitch. - I'll text you where I am, and I would love for you to come meet me. - Don't cry. - D'andra leaving and not being here, what little bit of hope was left for me and d'andra just walked out the door. - Leeanne has, um, hacked my - leeanne, if you're going back to your old habits, you're still the same person. You haven't changed. - This isn't my first rodeo. So I'm not taking your bull. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 