The Real Housewives of New Jersey: Season 9, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey 
 s9e9 - Communion and Confession - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey (2009–…): Season 9, Episode 9 - Communion and Confession - full transcript 
 The feud between Teresa and Jackie threatens to upset little Joey's communion. Jennifer is offended when she discovers that Jackie has written an article about her family and Dolores ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 To all of you martin and danielle caffrey as husband and wife. [all cheering] kiss your bride! ♪ ♪ - even though sometimes she can be a little much, danielle does have a good heart, and she deserves a second chance at happiness. [laughing] - I'm married, bitches. It's official! - Next time on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Thank you for coming! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Let's get this party started! [laughter] - when you're singing the hook, right? Think of a higher pitch. - I can't wait to grow up. - "does giving too many gifts create spoiled children?" written by jackie. - Oh, my gosh. She's talking about jennifer. - You never talk about husbands... - Mm-hmm. - And children. - Yeah. Like, you wanna come at me? I'm ready. - To learn more about the real housewives, - Previously on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Look at the balloons. This house is so pretty. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, and there's, like, a throne. - I have a few thrones. - Yeah. - Do you know what's going on with your uncle? - He's getting married. - Thank you. - I write things that people don't agree with for a living, and I get off on the people who don't agree with it. - Do you want to get married? Do you want to just live with somebody? What do you want? - I don't know. - You don't want to be alone. [dramatic music] - we're here, whoo! All the bitches that weren't helping me are going in. I've spent the entire weekend making sure you feel fabulous. I thought it was supposed to be about me. Seriously, what the (bleep)? - Do you really think that melissa can control her husband? - Yeah. - Do you feel like your husband would be in jail if you could control what he did? - How ----ing dare you? - Okay, relax with the cursing. - I--no, I ----ing curse. You don't ----ing like it, too ----ing bad. - I'm way too old to be yelled at. - You've been here five minutes. If you want to make it to ten, I would shut it if I were you. I'm here over two years without a husband. - She wasn't talking about him. - You're ----ing sticking up for her! - All right, all right, enough. - We're arguing about these other people, but honestly, as long as we're good, I don't give a (bleep). - So no more fighting. You know I love you. - I love you, too. [bright music] - I can make you laugh or make you cry. Your choice. - Don't try to bully me. Go free! 'cause I'm a boss. - I have four kids, two degrees, and one kick-ass life. - I may put up a tough front, but I'll never leave you behind. - I'm obsessed with family, traditions, and chanel. - These days, I don't throw punches. I roll with them. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] - I can't do anything with these nails. - [laughs] see, you want nails. You want me to help you? - Yeah. - You're not going to tie them, right? - Just give me this. - Sorry. Give me a kiss. ♪ ♪ give me a kiss! - Marlanie, what are you doing? Growing the coffee beans? - Few minute, few minute, okay? - No, that's--no. Sugar, two sugars. No equal. - Oh. - What is she doing? - She marlanie. We'll never know. [laughter] [groovy music] - [screams] - shh. - [screams] see you later! - She's going to wake them up. - Wait, wait for me. - [giggles] - olivia, did you just fart? - Yes. [bright music] - good morning. What's happening? - Nothing. - That was just like when I kiss my grandmother, just now, that kiss. ♪ ♪ - I'm still very angry with frank. I was talking to frankie, and I didn't realize that you told him before you told me about your disbarment. But you know what? I've been all alone in that home for 20 years, and because david doesn't have a lot of spare time for me, frank is now company. So at the end of the day, I would rather stay angry than be lonely, you know? ♪ ♪ - look how nice the dogs are sitting here the whole time. And I know exactly what she wants. She thinks she has me fooled that she loves me. - You should be used to that. - [exhales] ♪ ♪ - hi, how are you? - Can I get a table for two? - Absolutely. - Do you have anything outside? - Uh, we do, yes. We have a table right here for you. - Oh, perfect. Thank you so much. - You're welcome. ♪ ♪ - hi. - Hey. It's so cute out here, right? - I know. How are you? - I feel like I haven't seen you in forever. - I know. Everything's good? How are you? - Yeah, everything's really good. - You ready for the communion? - [scoffs] not really. My little giuseppe, he's making his communion. - You're so cute. - Mm-hmm, I really am. - [laughs] a lot of people don't make such a big hurrah over it, but I'm a party-thrower. That's my thing, so... - Can I get you something to drink? - Yes, please. Do you do sangria? - Of course. - I'll have one of those. - I'll be right back. - Well, it's my first communion, so I have nothing to go off of, but it sounds like a bar mitzvah. - Oh, that looks so pretty. Thank you. - You're welcome. - Kinda, yeah. It's our bat--bat mitzvah. Bar mitzvah. - Bar mitzvah. - It's our bar mitzvah. When did you get back? - Um, a couple days ago. - I want to hear all about it. - Well, it was a beautiful wedding, but she felt like nothing was about her. She's like "it's about me, it's about me, it's about me." we're like "yes, it's about you." I just--you know, I hope they last. I don't know, we'll see. [both laugh] - I hope so, too. Both: Hi. - Are you guys ready to order? - Order, right? Yes. I think I might do the spring market salad with, like, grilled chicken in it. - Can I do the club wrap? - Okay. - Thank you. - You're welcome. - So, wait, how are things with teresa? - The first night we were there, her and I started to go at it, and it stressed my husband out. And he was like "this needs to stop here and now." and he's right, I don't want to argue with her. So for right now, we're doing pretty good. - Good. I've been thinking about the fight with teresa, and I wanted to talk somebody, so I called dolores. - Anger always comes out of being hurt. You really gave her a low blow. I think you hurt her. - I don't want anyone to be hurt, especially someone who's vulnerable, and I think she is right now. - This looks so good. - You're welcome. - Thank you. - But I'm not sorry for having a voice, and I'm not sorry for having an opinion in a public conversation. - Between you and I, she really seems still like she's really pissed about it. - She did nasty things to me as well. I mean, she went ----ing bananas. I mean, she just screamed at me like a maniac, and cursed me, and kind of threatened me. - You know, she's feeling insulted, and she needs, like, an apology. But I get what your point is, too, where I wouldn't want anyone screaming in my face. - Speaking to me like that is never going to be okay. She's going to treat me with more respect going forward, and until I'm sure that I'm going to get that, I'm not extending any olive branches. Here's my question. The communion is coming up. Do you think teresa is going to start with me? Like, flip the (bleep) out? - Well, here's the thing. With my experience with teresa, it's just like, you never know. - I appreciate jackie backing me up, but it would make my life a lot easier if jackie and teresa get along. I don't know if teresa is willing to make my life easier, and forgive jackie. Sometimes, I think she likes to make my life more difficult. Like, honestly, between you and I, like, it is my son's communion. - Okay. - This poor child. Like, he has no idea what his christening was. - Didn't I say congratulations at church? - Teresa, take a walk. - Why'd you invite me, then? - Take a walk, take a walk... - All right, fine. - Mother----er. - Oh, god. And now, I'm, like, nervous. Give me a prayer, please. - Oh, my god. I wish I had the power. - Oh, my god. Oh, my god. - We got to do the prayer, we got to do the prayer. [laughs] [groovy music] - this is so exciting. - We're shopping for our bride. ♪ ♪ - hi, maria. - Hi. - Good news, michael's going to get married soon. - Wow, congratulations. - Hi! - Oh, you're beautiful. It's been so long. - I always shop in this store, so maria's known me for years. - What's going on? How are you doing? - Thank you so much... - Of course. - Excitingly blurted out, my brother, you know michael... - Yes. - Is getting engaged. - Oh, my god. That's so exciting. - The bride is in turkey. - Okay. - It's customary for us to buy the bride a dress, so... - I'm so happy. - Oh, my god. Everything looks so bling-y and sparkly. Typically, in a traditional turkish culture, the bride's family is responsible for the promise of engagement party, but the groom's family is supposed to provide gifts. Maybe he likes to dress up the bride in some kind of jewelry, dresses. Of course, your louis vuittons. This is so cute. - This is too open for that. - Too open? - Too open. I don't want people to start talking. - Yeah. You know, when you come from an immigrant-based family, respect was a huge factor. I mean, we didn't talk back to our parents. - I think this one's nice, too, for her. I like the puffy look. - All right, so let's-- - it's not too open in the front. - My mom was a scary woman, and when she said something, we listened. But, you know, she's a lot nicer now. - Jen, look at this. - Let me see. Oh, that's really pretty. - She's--it's very pretty. - Let's get maria. Maria, this dress. Does this dress come in a short version? - Yes, actually, it does. This is one of our newest dresses. - This is great. So we'll have to-- - so let me check the inventory on these. - Okay, let's go over here. - It's not only that one. - This one looks very pretty. - All right, what do you say about this? - That's old lady-like. - I know. What am I, young lady? - Oh, that's for you? For you, it's perfect. I'm just so happy for michael that he finally found somebody that he wanted, but the one problem with marrying men from our culture is they believe that because they make the money, that the woman has to do everything else. It's like, I can't complain to bill about anything, because he gives me a good life and I'm supposed to-- you know, and I'm very grateful. - I do complain. Of course I complain. He's not around enough, and all he says is that I spoil the kids all the time, and that I don't discipline them. - You're always being manipulated by the children. - I'm doing my best, it's not easy. It's five kids. They all come at me at once, and if they don't get what they want, then they scream and cry. - If you took a stand a little stronger, I don't think that you'll feel as overwhelmed sometimes. - You know, jen, at this point, I'm taking the man's side. I'm sorry. He works hard, you know. - I know he works hard, but then, when he has his time, he chooses to spend it with his friends. You know, it bothers me. - Jen, I know it bothers you, but once in a while, man needs to be alone with his friends. - Oh, gosh, just one day, I would like someone to take my side. How about that? - So I thought that this would be an amazing option for her. - Oh, my god. I am obsessed with that. And then there was, like, that other long one that you said you had in the short. - Absolutely. - Okay, great. We'll take both of those. - All right. - Yeah, thank you so much. - Sure, no problem. There's a wedding in our future. We're going to turkey. - Coming up... - Teresa's breaking my balls a little bit. She's like, you know, "you got to hang out with daddy more." - you got to make time, bro. You're never going to sit on your deathbed and say "I wish I worked more." [bright music] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - did you memorize the words? - Oh, my god. You're so annoying. - [laughs] - yeah, we got to give her the run down before we start. We going to just basically break down the song to her. - Yeah. - Hello. - Hey. - Hi. - What's good? [chuckles] what's up, what's up, y'all. - Hey. - So milania, this is rgf m80. This is b'iousha. - Hey. - Hey, how you doing? - They going to show you the ropes. You ready? - Yup. - Nit is fetty wap's producer, and milania loves fetty wap, so we went to one of his concerts. And backstage, we got to talking about how we're all having a hard time with joe being away. - Give me five. Up high. - Even though my daughters go see him and text with him all the time, milania lashes out, and it affects her at school. She gets frustrated easily. Are you missing daddy? - Obviously. - No, I know-- - stop. I don't like to talk about this. - I want her to express herself, and nit suggested singing and rapping could help her get through this rough time. - So I've been rapping. - Really? - Rap? - You're going to be a rapper? - Yeah. - Basically, there's a difference between rappers and singers, you know what I'm saying? She going to help you out with the hook part, and I'm going to help with-- - the melody. - You know, with the delivery for a rapping. - All right, when you singing the hook, right? Think of a higher pitch. Try it with me. ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ - like--will you do it again? - ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ - I can't wait-- - don't be shy. It's okay. - All right. ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ [laughs] [tense music] - milania acts tough, but she's only 12, and she's definitely going through a phase where she doesn't care what people think, but I know sometimes she's not as confident as she seems. - Don't be shy, it's okay. - You got it. - You got it. - ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ - ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ - so if this helps her to vocalize how she's feeling, I'm all for it. - We're going to do what we got to do to get you to that next level. As far as delivery go, you got to come in with that energy. ♪ I got dreams of being in "vogue" magazine" ♪ - ♪ I got dreams of being in "vogue" magazine" ♪ ♪ sitting front row of fashion shows ♪ ♪ with filler playing ♪ - but give me some energy. So everything that you say, you want people to believe that. "oh, she meant that when she said that." you really telling your life, what's really going on. - You know, of course I'm her mom, so I'm like "milania, you're the best!" but it's good to get encouragement from someone that's doing it for a living. - Let's do it with the beat. - Yeah. [upbeat music] ♪ and I can't wait to grow up ♪ ♪ I'm only getting older ♪ - what. ♪ I'ma travel so much ♪ - said what? - ♪ I don't care, and so what ♪ - all right. - We going to keep running it back until you get the best out you tonight. - Milania, come on, get into it. You can do it. Like, get into it. - Hey. - Yeah, get into it. - ♪ and I can't wait to grow up ♪ - what? - ♪ I'm only getting older ♪ both: ♪ mama said it ain't easy ♪ ♪ but I don't care, so what? ♪ - I'm just so proud of milania that she's committing to this, and it makes me so happy that she's found a way to express herself. - ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ - hey, hey, hey. - ♪ I'ma travel so much ♪ ♪ I don't care, and so what? ♪ ♪ I don't care, and so what? ♪ - cool, yeah. [laughter] hell yeah. That's lit right there. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - what's up, my brother? - Good to see you, man. - How you doing? - How are you? - Good to see you, buddy, as always. - You picked a nice spot. They got food? I'm starving. - You think I'm going to pick a place with no food? Stop that. You're looking mean. - You look good, bro. - So how was the wedding? - Let me tell you something. You don't even know what I've experienced over there. - [laughs] - I hear you had a conversation with marty. I heard that I stay with a man just for money, and I can't wait to get it confirmed, because somebody might get buried in bimini. - I don't even know why they're getting married. - Are you serious? - Yeah, bro. You know, they're always not together or fighting. But he's got to get over that pussy. He is, man. She's got him hooked. - What the--holy christ. - Hi, how are you? Grab you something to drink right now? A beer or anything? - Please. Vodka on the rocks. Splash of cranberry. - And I'm going to have a soft pretzel. - No problem. - Thank you, dear. - So how's dolores? Well, what, what's up? - How would you like to have your wife as your partner on the job site with you? - Oh, oh. - Welcome to my life. - As far as the tub. - There is no tub. You got the oversize shower. Nobody uses tubs anymore. - I want the tub. It makes a difference. - Thank you. - No problem. - Thank you. - But are you flipping or rehabing the houses? - We're doing total renovations. I'm doing minor renovations. But I got to be honest with you, man. It's all moving well, bro. - Good. - Oh, my god. Go right in there. - Drop it in the middle, right? - Beautiful. I'm out there now. No more suit for me. - I still don't know what happened. - I'm done. I'm done as an attorney. - My god. - You know? - And how did dolores react to all this, and your kids? - Look, my kids knew about it, but when it happened, I never said nothing to nobody. So dolores found out, and then basically went ballistic on me. Like "how could you not tell me?" blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. - Why didn't you tell her? - Well 'cause I didn't want to stress her. - When I opened up the restaurant, I bought it, you know, without telling melissa. I wanted to surprise you. - With what? - I bought this place. We fought. She lost her mind. When they find out, it's a disaster of questions and answering. - It is what it is, man. - And it's not worth it, so he should have just told her. - All right, how's your dad doing, bro? - He's doing good. - He's doing good, man? He's over by teresa's? - Yes, he's by teresa. She's breaking my balls a little bit. She's like "you know, you got to hang out with daddy more." I'm like "how?" - you have to, bro. - I don't even see my kids. - You got to make time, bro. You're never going to sit on your death bed and ever say "I wish I worked more." - but listen-- - let me tell you something. My father's getting older, bro. Any time my father calls me, I don't care who I'm with. I see my dad-- - it's hard, man, it's hard. - Go grab your dad over today, man. Go grab a bite to eat. Go do something, you know? - I get it, and I love my father. I'm going to do better. I definitely have to make some more time. Salud, brother. - Absolutely brother. - Nice talking with frank. You know I always love you, right? - You better, bro. - Coming up... - You see the newspaper? "does giving too many gifts create spoiled children?" written by jackie. - Oh, my god. - What? - She's talking about jennifer. [groovy music] ♪ ♪ - ready? - Do you want me to take that stuff? - No, I have it. - Everyone's good? - Good. - All right, I'm excited. - Thank you. - You're welcome. - Oh, it's great. - This is amazing. - Classic marge. - So, like, rock'n'roll girlfriend. So me. - Yeah. - So let's get set up. - Are you going to take out my rollers? Like, I don't want it too curly. I don't want to be, like, grandma-ish. - If it's too curly, I'll blow it out to smooth it. - Okay, all right, I'm so psyched, because listen. I need all new photos for the website, because all my photos are, like, vintage marge from, like, you know, years ago. - Yeah, we need a full website redo. - I'm so happy brett's going to do the photos. - Absolutely. - Ooh, look at my hair. So curly. I look like peg bundy. - [laughs] - hello, marge-y. - Hey, brett. What's going on? How are you? - What's up? - I'm so happy you came here to do the pictures. - Of course, you look fabulous. - I look-- well, no, I look fabulous. No, I got to do my hair. It's a little big. - The most heartbreaking thing through my divorce was the breakup of my family. Before joe and I got together, my stepkids were my entire life. So now, two of them don't speak to me. - How long has it been? - Six years. I'm still not in a good place with brett's brother and sister, but brett and I have always remained close. Wait, you know we have a few looks, right? - Okay. - And he's just going to finish my hair, then we'll figure out what we have to do. So what have you been doing? Have you been busy? - Really busy, you know. I've been doing lots of shoots. - Uh-huh, have you spoken to your father? - Not yet. - Not yet since when? - Since the funeral. - Since the funeral? - Yes. - Are you kidding me? - No, I'm telling you the truth. - Jan's mother passed away a few months ago. Jan and I were married 17 years, and I call her my mother-in-law because I was super close to my in-laws, and I was at her funeral with jan and my stepkids. You know, it was bittersweet because I got to see the other kids, so that made me happy. But to be honest, it hurts, because since the funeral, it's just been text messages. You know, we're not in the place where I would like to be yet. It's not bad, it's just not the way we were. But I'm working on it. So it's just, like, weird. It's like, all these years gone by, we're together all the time, and then, no one's really together. - Mm-hmm. - So it's, like, a little crazy. You know, there's tension between you and jan. I mean, I think you two got to catch up a little, too. - No. - Brett and jan have always had a funny, tumultuous relationship. Jan is very supportive of brett, but I think as brett got older, he thought jan was hard on him, and brett always harbored some weird resentment towards jan. But I don't think it's jan. I think it's in brett's head. The bottom line is I love my ex-husband, even though he's crazy. - Yes. - If I can get along with him, you should get along with him. - That's not going to happen. - Why not? - Uh, it's just not going to happen. - [laughs] at least you and I are close. - Yeah. - Right? - Okay. - All right, so I think we got to get going with this shoot. What do you have to do? You have to set up, I think. - I got to start setting stuff up, yeah. - So our first look, I'm going to be wearing a lot of pink. - Sounds good. - Okay, let's go. Lexi? - First, we're going to go through the clothes. - Everything is amazing on here. This dennis basso. Is this sick? - You could do that with a very heavy smoky eye. Like you've been out all night. [upbeat music] - am I definitely doing the blush look first? Yes. - I think that on that teal sofa is fabulous. - Okay, we got to hurry it along. - All right, let's get you in an outfit. - I need my spanx. A girl is nothing without her spanx. [groovy music] ♪ ♪ - you look like baby spice. - I look like baby spice. Let's go upstairs. Let's go upstairs. Oh sh--, (bleep), I--(bleep). I'm so graceful, I almost broke a cankle. - [laughs] - to your left, to your left. Right there. [camera beeping] eyes are looking good. Good, stay there. [groovy music] [camera beeping] beautiful. Wow, you look beautiful. - ♪ dun-dun-dun ♪ ♪ ♪ - all right, let's go. Here we go. [camera beeping] can you stick your hand up like "Saturday night fever?" - I think the coat's too tight. - Just do it. [soft music] - brett always acts like it's not a big deal that him and jan aren't getting along well. But jan's not getting any younger. Not being together now is something you're going to regret later. [camera beeping] - turn your head this way. There you go, come on. Oh, you look fabulous. - I have a great relationship with jan. I have a great relationship with brett. I should be able to play family therapist/matchmaker, get them back together. Why not? - Excellent. - All right. - Beautiful. - I think we got it. - Yes. - Let's see. - Okay, that is very marge. - Very marge. - You're very good, brett. - I'm the best. - [laughs] [bright music] ♪ ♪ - what are you doing, bubba boy? Looking through a wall. - Hi. - Good morning. - We're in trouble. Did you see what your son brought home? - No. - He has a bell, like ding, when you go to a desk, ding. - Yeah. - It says "ring for a blowjob." - that's--that's-- - but it's not his, I don't think - who is it, yours? - [laughs] in old-school italian families, it is cultural to put your feelings aside, and suppress them, as you would say. So you know what, frank catania is very lucky. I have to go get a card for the communion. - That'll be nice. - Yeah, it's going to be nice. Everybody hates everybody right now. - Come on, why is that? - Let's see. Jackie and teresa are fighting. - Oh, my goodness. - Me and melissa left off on, like, kind of a little bit of a thing by margaret's house. - I'm melissa gorga, and I'm always perfect. [laughs] - seriously, do I portray that or something? - Yes, yes. - Because that's insulting. Of course, I'm going to go to the communion because I've known joe his whole life. I've known joe and melissa since the day they met. I want to be there for them. - Did you see the newspaper? - What? - "does giving too many gifts create spoiled children?" written by jackie. Listen to this. "I recently took my kids "to a family get-together at my new friend's home, "and when we pulled up to her enormous estate, "they let us through one tremendous room after another. "past the gym and spa, "we arrived at the double-level play wing "equipped with a movie theatre and a bouncy castle bigger than my home." - oh, my god. She's talking about jennifer. - You think jen knows about this? - I'm going to call her right now. - Oh, this is going to be interesting. - Hello? - Hi, jen, how are you? - Hey, doll. - Say hi, you're on speaker. - Hey, jen. - Hi, frank, what's up? - How are you? - So we're having our morning coffee, jen. - Okay. - And frank came across an article that jackie wrote. - Okay. - Do you have the paper? Do you have "the record"? - "the bergen record"? No. - I want you to google it and let me know how you feel. - Hold on. - It's not cool to go into someone's house as a guest and then go write about what you saw. You don't even talk about what you saw in somebody's house. That's private. Let me know what you think. And since we're going to be together at the communion, I think she deserves a forewarning. If it was me, I'd want to know. - I'm, like, shaking right now. First of all, just because I have this big house doesn't mean that my children get everything they want. And like, I welcomed this girl into my home. And then, she writes an article about spoiled kids. This is what I get? You know what? (bleep) you and that high horse you came in on. - I don't know what to say, jen. - It's ---ed up, dolores. It's ----ed up. That's all I'm going to say. - Yeah. If that's how you feel-- - I'm going to tell her. - Then you should tell her. All right, well, I'll see you at rails steakhouse for the communion. - See you later then, I guess. - Bye. - Bye. - Frank. - Just went from a nice pleasant day to a ----ed-up day. - I'm not in the mood for another fight. - Some people are a glutton for punishment. - Coming up... - I feel angry, and-- - violated. - Violated. Like, you want to come at me, I'm ready. Hy-a-luronic acid hyaluronic acid. It's the skincare ingredient that everyone is searching for! And it's in here. New from revitalift: Derm intensives hyaluronic acid serum with our highest concentration of hyaluronic acid in a serum visibly plumps skin in just one week bounce back! And reduces wrinkles for younger-looking skin. Powerful results validated by a panel of dermatologists new revitalift derm intensives hyaluronic acid serum from l'oreal paris we're worth it. ♪ ♪ - I'm so proud of you. You're like a man now. - Thank you, thank you. Look at this. - God bless joey! - Ooh, donuts. Now jesus is in your heart, baby. - Oh, look at the donuts. - Oh, my god. Look at your donut wall. Do you love? Look, joe. Doesn't this look so nice? - Oh, yeah, this is good. - Joe you're already eating a donut as soon as we walk in? Okay, don't get it on your outfit. Communions are always a huge event for the gorga family. As catholic italians, we love to do the pictures, and have the memories, to see them, like, walk down the aisle and receive the communion. It was nice at the church, right? He got a little nervous, but he was so cute. He's the tiniest one. Did you see it? - It's jesus's day with my kid, so we just like to go above and beyond. - Cheers. - Ooh, I lost my drink. - Cheers to joey. - I put it somewhere. Let me grab it. - Joey looks so cute. Right, guys? - Yeah. - A little stud muffin. - Hi. - Look at you. You look good. - Hi, mom. Didn't joey do so good? Joey, kiss nonnie. - Baby! You look so gorgeous. - Wait, let me get you a picture there. - Where's joey? I want to--where is he? - Uh, wait, joey, can I take a picture of you and audriana? Joey, please, come here. Joey. ♪ ♪ - what's up, teresa? You can have a carrot, right? - No, celery. - Tre, come here. Come take a quick pic with us. - I want to give you a kiss hello. - How you doing love? You look very pretty. - I saw her at the--at the gym. - Mom, behind you. - Is jackie coming? - Yeah. - Great. - Look at this family. [tense music] - ask me if I like jackie--no. She barely knows me, and she's biting into my business. - Look at those four. - Oh, man! - Yeah, I don't know when I see jackie how I'm going to react, but I'm sure it's not going to be good. - My boy's going to have high standards in women because look at this family. [tense music] - look at antonia. All big and everything. Hi, oh, this is so cute. - Yeah. - Congratulations. - Thanks. - Yes, gorgeous. - You look like your nieces. - Look how good the food looks, right? - I know, right? - Hello, melissa gorga. Hi, how are you? Congratulations. - Hi, dolores. How are you? Even though the last time I saw dolores, she was calling me little miss perfect, I am blocking that out of my head. Nothing is more important to me than my little joey. - Hi. - Hey, there. - You can call me little miss crazy, perfect, insane. It doesn't matter right now. - What did you like the best? The prosciutto. Yeah, that's good, huh? - They did a good job. Hi. - Hey. - How are you? - How you doing? - How you doing? - You look great. - Thank you. - Let me see, let me see. I'm impressed. - Yeah, no. I feel like my upper body's really good. - Got it. - But it's like, I don't know about my legs. - Lower body, okay. - Yeah, well, I mean, my ass definitely got smaller. - Okay. - My ass-- - is it still bubbly, though? - Is it bubbly? - Yeah. - Yeah, does it look bubbly? - Turn around, let me see. - My trainer told me to pose like this. And then-- - that's good. Yes, you want to see a little bit of air between that arm and your back. Twist a little more. There you go. This is the home stretch. We're there, this is it. - I know, I know. - We got four weeks. - I'm freaking out. Because I came this far. I don't want to, like-- - listen to me, you can't freak out. Because then, your cortisol levels raise when you're stressed, and what that does. That stops you from getting defined. - Really? - Yes. - Oh, my god, okay. - So you got to chill. - Sorry, I'm fine, okay. - All right, exactly. All right? - I'm going to be relaxed. - All right, you're better. - All right, bye. - All right, take care, teresa. - All right, bye, hon. [upbeat music] - all right, come with me. Please, joey. Come on, just take one with me. Smile. You're making me fall. - Come on, smile! - A lot of people have their communions this month. And then, sometimes, they have a party. - Wow, did you eat those crab cakes? Unbelievable. - Hi, guys! How are you? - Hi, this is for giuseppe-- - thank you so much. - Joe, I know, congratulations. - Good. Hi, gorgeous, hi. Give me a hug. - Can I have water with lemon? Thank you. ♪ ♪ - hi. - How are you? - Good, how are you? - So how was bimini? - Bimini was interesting. No, it was a good time. - Interesting. - No, no, it was good. There was a lot of drama between margaret and danielle. - Really, that bad? - Yeah, yeah. - Are they both going to be here today? - Um, danielle is not coming, but margaret is. - Why is she not coming? - She has another obligation. - Oh, okay. - Yeah, yeah. She wanted to. She felt horrible. I said don't worry about it, you know? - Yeah, so how's things with you and melissa? Looks like everything's good. - Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, we got into it-- - where, in bimini? - Yeah, and then we talked it out, and we hugged it out, and it's all good. - So it's all good? - Yeah, I'd say, yeah. - Have you heard about the article that jackie wrote? - No. - She wrote an article for "the bergen record" on how I spoil my kids. - Oh, my god! - Can you imagine? - No. - I just feel so betrayed. [dramatic music] - stay with mommy, okay? ♪ ♪ - Have you heard about the article that jackie wrote? - No. - She wrote an article for "the bergen record" on how I spoil my kids. - Oh, my god! - Can you imagine? - No. - I just feel so betrayed. [dramatic music] - stay with mommy, okay? I know how important today is for melissa, and I don't want my kids to have to witness a smackdown, so I'm just not going to make eye contact with teresa. Hi. Do you know where aunt melissa is? - Over there. - Okay, let's go say hi to people. ♪ ♪ - I invited this girl into my home, and I feel angry and-- - violated. - Violated. - You know, she attacked me, now she's attacking you. You never talk about husbands... - Mm-hmm. - And children. - Yeah. Yes. - Especially children. - Jackie has really crossed the line. If she even utters one word to me, it's game on. Like, you want to come at me, I'm ready. - You--you didn't-- no, you didn't. - You did what now? - All right, that's fine. - All right. - Do you want me to get you a sprite? All right, come here. - I'm going to go over there. - Okay. - Hi! - Hey, how are you? - Hi. - I'm so happy you're here. - Oh, you look so gorgeous. - Thank you. So do you. - Hi, guys! How are you? - Jackie is acting like she has no idea teresa or jennifer are not happy with her. I wouldn't want one of them unhappy with me, much less two of them. - Um, where do you want gifts? - Thank you, right here. - Oh, I got to tell you. Did you see the, um-- that she wrote an article that's in "the record" today? Oh, hi, jen! - Hey, how are you? - How are you? What's going on? You look good. - You, too. You look beautiful. - Hi, mrs. Aydin. How are you? - Oh, hi. How are you? [tense music] ♪ ♪ - everything okay? - Yes, I'm good. I'm not backing down from this one. I feel angry, and I feel pissed, and I'm just waiting for her to own what she did, so I can rip her a new one. - So when we walked in, I felt bad, because I'm in such a weird place with teresa. I feel like it's just awkward. I said something to her that she took offense to that I did not mean to be offensive. - Jackie's going on and on about teresa, and I couldn't care less. - I'm also not going to go grovel and be like "I ----ed up, I'm sorry." - this bitch just wrote an article about my children, and that sh--'s not going to fly. So do you feel that certain things should be off-limits, like husbands and children? - Sure. - Would you agree with that? - Yes, but I-- - I know, but then why would you write an article that references my kids to being spoiled? [dramatic music] - did I say anything untrue? - I felt that there was a lot of judgment there. I can see how you-- - did you really? - Yeah, yeah. - I didn't write your name. I didn't say one negative thing about your children. I didn't even say anything negative about you. - You know what, it sounded negative. This article, it is not specifically stating that my children are spoiled. However, anyone who is skimming the article, the gist of it is I spoil my children. You are not carrie bradshaw, okay? You are not like "oh, I couldn't help but wonder. "could I write this article without seeming like a pompous, judgmental asshole?" I don't think so. - I think that article is very complimentary. If you read the article, you will see that. - I read the article. - So what is it about? - She wrote it about her kids. She should have called her first and said she was writing it. - Hi, guys. Both: Hi! - Sorry, I'm right behind you. Congratulations! What's going on? - Did you see the article? - What--what article? - Jackie wrote an article-- - no. - Like, when we were all at jennifer's house. - Yes, yeah. Jackie wrote about-- what'd she write? - She wrote that she spoils her kids. - Omg. I want to read it. - You proudly own the fact that you love your stuff. - I do. It's okay when I say it. It's not okay when someone else says it. Do you understand that concept? - I am sorry, but it's not like she's not showy. There's a throne every five steps in her house. - Oh, my god. There's so many thrones in this house. - Yes, I know, there's a lot of thrones. I can say I spoil them. I don't--I don't agree that anybody else can say that they spoil them. - Afternoon for joey right here. Can everyone in the room make some noise for our guest of honor? Where is he at? [cheers and applause] - listen, they're going to start the party now. This conversation is not over. - Honestly, you and teresa have been ganging up on me for the past few-- - no, it's not that. It's not that simple. I don't want to fight, either. - Okay. - So it's not done. It's not done. - We'll talk about it later. - A photo of everyone right here. - Coming up... - Jennifer is so ----ing pissed. Oh, my god, listen. You don't want me to write about it, don't ----ing do it! at suave, we don't believe in faking healthy hair, [record scratch] with fancy extensions. We skip the tricks and deliver real results... ...And infuse real ingredients.. ...Like suave coconut oil infusion with pure coconut oil. These results don't lie. Suave. For hair you can believe. (woman) candace, two minutes. Too late for lunch. Starkist saves the day. Sweet and spicy tuna in a pouch! Smart choice, charlie. (charlie) no drain, no pain. Just tear, eat... And go! Try all of my tuna, salmon and chicken pouches. Ok, I'm ready... ...Is it...? Clearblue digital pregnancy test... ...With smart countdown, gives unmistakably clear... ...Results written in words. Over 99% accurate. Absolute clarity, when you need it most. - Joey, big smile, joey. Yeah! [groovy music] ♪ ♪ - listen, they're going to start the party now. This conversation is not over. - Honestly, you and teresa have been ganging up on me for the past few-- - no, it's not that. It's not that simple. I don't want to fight, either. - All right. - So it's not done. It's not done. - We'll talk about it later. - Before we go any further, we need joe and melissa to come on over here and join me. - Come on. - We are celebrating the communion of our littlest, little joey gorga. - Give it to daddy, because daddy says I'm a man. - So, anyway. I just want to say thank you guys all for being here. He is my baby, he is my heart, and he gets all his swag from me. [cheers and applause] - this guy was our baby, oh, a year ago, and now, he grew up. - Hey, what did you call me? [laughter] - our family's been through rough times. - Be a man. Stick with your blood. - I'm not sticking with scum like you. - Apologize! [screaming] - so I'm grateful to be here, and I'm glad that we're all getting along. - I always wanted a joey gorga, and I got him. So we got to keep that name proud, all right? - And I know my mom's happy, looking down on us today. - What do you want to say? - Thank you for coming. Let's get this party started! [cheers and applause] - yeah, I think it's time to get our party started. Right, pal? - Get that party started. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - oh, take a picture of me and joey real quick. Joey, I don't have not one picture with you. I'm going to--get over here. Get your butt-- - hi. - Hi, baby. I didn't get to say hi to you. I'm going to get water. I'm going to get water, and then, we'll talk. - What do we got going on in here? - [babbling] - I love you. I love you. He won't come to me. - I feel bad, because I know this whole thing with teresa has blown up for you. - Dolores called me this morning. Guess who she's meeting with? Jackie. She should have minded her business. I never throw the first punch, but I'll ----ing finish it. - I don't need to be fighting with a 40-something year-old woman like that. I'd like to be friends with her. - Of course. - There's no reason why we should be fighting, especially over a misunderstanding. I wasn't saying anything about her husband's character. I did make a valid point, but I'm not going to sit there and let a grown woman ----ing yell at me like that. You see, I get defensive even talking about it. - I argue with analogies all the time. That's my thing, so of course I understood what you were saying. - Right. - It was about control. If she would have said to you that day "you know what, jackie? The reason I got so upset "is because it's happening to me in real time. This is my family's biggest pain." - yeah, I would have said "oh, my god, sweetheart. I am so sorry." I am 100% into, like, having a conversation with teresa, but I feel like we're gonna go into the conversation, and she's just going to go savage on me. You know what, honestly, I don't need another drama in my face today. Did you see my article in the paper today? - No, I didn't even see your article. Why is jennifer so upset? - She's so upset because in the article, I made it out to seem that she's a snob. - The woman brags constantly about all the material things she has, so I would think she'd be flattered. - Hi. - Hi, honey. - Hi. - You look so beautiful. I love this dress. - Thank you so much. What's going on? What are you guys chatting about? - Jennifer is so ----ing pissed, oh, my god. - Wait, you didn't read the article? - I did not. - It's actually online. Let me just show you really quickly, okay? "do too many gifts create spoiled children?" "so I recently took my kids to a family get-together at my new friend's home." - I can't read it. - "as they led us through one tremendous room "after another-- - tremendous. - "past the gym and spa, we arrived-- - I loved that it was a gym and spa! - "we arrived at the double-level play wing, "equipped with an indoor basketball court, movie theatre, and bouncy castle bigger than my home." - what's wrong with that? - Not hating, keep going. - Is everything in that article true? Absolutely. Would I have written it? Maybe not. Is it a little shady? Yes, but it's hilarious. - "when kids come here, they never want to leave, my friend proudly announced." - beautiful. That's a compliment. - "which made me wonder. "can kids grow up having everything they want and still turn into be humble, appreciative adults?" - that's not so bad. - There's nothing about her at all. She couldn't say that I said anything bad about her kids, because I never did. There is absolutely nothing for jennifer to get angry or insulted about. And then, at the very end, this is my conclusion. "I'm also guilty of buying my kids a lot of gifts, so I'm not faulting my friend for her generosity." I go to great lengths to ask how does a kid end up being so nice and sweet, and still get every single thing they ask for? "I just hope that her children remain-- remain the sweet kids I met at the door." that's why I wrote the article, and it's a legitimate question. - I wish you wrote it about me, because it sounds like you're giving someone five stars. I don't think it's insulting. I think it's actually very complimenting, and saying she gives her children everything. Hey, you came to my house. Why didn't you write that I give my children everything? Because I do, too. - Listen, you don't want me to write about it, don't ----ing do it. - Hi, guys! - Oh, hi, sweetie. - I like these little-- these little seats. What are you doing? - Keeping us warm. - What are you guys doing? - Oh, gosh. So I had some words with jackie. - Oh, you did? - Yeah, I did. She's trying to tell me, like, oh. There were a lot of compliments in that article. And I'm like--I just-- at that point, I saw red. This is a pattern with her. She's shady spice. This one can't control her husband. I can't control my kids. Let's see who's going to be her next victim. - You told her her kids are amazing. She's uptight. Let's go eat. - No, I'm going to actually go over and tell teresa that I'd like to, like, set up, like, just at some point, to talk to her. I really like melissa. I really like joe. - Yeah, that's a good idea. - You know what? Today's probably not the day-- - no, I know, yeah. - But set something up, because I want you two to get along. - I feel like I don't want anything to come between that, so I want to talk to teresa before this gets any more out of control. All right, wish me luck. - I'm leaving for turkey tomorrow. - Oh, my god. - Yeah. I'm like, I got too much on my plate to worry about sh-- like this, but it's not finished for me. - And it's not-- - hi, guys. - But if somebody's ripping on somebody else. - Oh. [dramatic music] - teresa, can I talk to you for a minute? - Um-- - I'm sorry, guys. - Well, I'm going to let you go, and I'm going to go eat, because I'm starving. - You guys hash it out. - I won't take you for long. ♪ ♪ - I just--I want to tell you that, like, I hope at some point, we can get together and talk. - It's my nephew's communion. - I don't want to do it here, but we have some things to talk about, and the last time I saw you, we didn't leave off so well, and I would like to talk to you in the future. So if I call you, you'll answer? - Mm-hmm. She's ----ing delusional. If jackie thinks that this is going to be a nice sit-down, she got another thing coming. - All right. - All right. - Okay, bye. - Bye. ♪ ♪ - next time, on "the real housewives of new jersey." [ululating] - do three more. Don't you quit on me. - I'm not. - Don't let it down. - These two are very good friends. Both of them are victims of domestic violence. - You guys are amazing moms. She's upset about everything that happened by the end of that wedding. Look at these text messages. "you bulldoze your way through everything, and take people down." - wow. - And then, I wrote "I wish you a happy life. Never speak to me again." - I went out of my way to welcome you into my home, and now, I'm a snob that spoils my kids? - What you did to me at margaret's house was not excusable. What the (bleep)? - You came at me first. To learn more about "the real housewives," - Previously on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Look at the balloons. This house is so pretty. Oh, and there's, like, a throne. - I have a few thrones. - Yeah. - Do you know what's going on with your uncle? - He's getting married. - Thank you. - I write things that people don't agree with for a living, and I get off on the people who don't agree with it. - Do you want to get married? Do you want to just live with somebody? What do you want? - I don't know. - You don't want to be alone. [dramatic music] - we're here, whoo! All the bitches that weren't helping me are going in. I've spent the entire weekend making sure you feel fabulous. I thought it was supposed to be about me. Seriously, what the (bleep)? - Do you really think that melissa can control her husband? - Yeah. - Do you feel like your husband would be in jail if you could control what he did? - How ----ing dare you? - Okay, relax with the cursing. - I--no, I ----ing curse. You don't ----ing like it, too ----ing bad. - I'm way too old to be yelled at. - You've been here five minutes. If you want to make it to ten, I would shut it if I were you. I'm here over two years without a husband. - She wasn't talking about him. - You're ----ing sticking up for her! - All right, all right, enough. - We're arguing about these other people, but honestly, as long as we're good, I don't give a (bleep). - So no more fighting. You know I love you. - I love you, too. [bright music] - I can make you laugh or make you cry. Your choice. - Don't try to bully me. Go free! 'cause I'm a boss. - I have four kids, two degrees, and one kick-ass life. - I may put up a tough front, but I'll never leave you behind. - I'm obsessed with family, traditions, and chanel. - These days, I don't throw punches. I roll with them. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] - I can't do anything with these nails. - [laughs] see, you want nails. You want me to help you? - Yeah. - You're not going to tie them, right? - Just give me this. - Sorry. Give me a kiss. ♪ ♪ give me a kiss! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 