The Real Housewives of New Jersey: Season 9, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey 
 s9e11 - Whine Country - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey (2009–…): Season 9, Episode 11 - Whine Country - full transcript 
 Jackie hosts a trip to a local vineyard for some much-needed bonding time. But when Jennifer attacks Jackie for writing an article about her family, Margaret gets involved and calls ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Give me some energy. - ♪ I don't care, so what? ♪ ♪ I don't care, so what? ♪ - I've spent the entire weekend making sure you feel fabulous. I thought it was supposed to be about me. Seriously, what the (bleep)? - She's upset about everything that happened by the end of that wedding. Look at these text messages. "you bulldoze your way through everything and take people down. - Wow. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - And then I wrote, "I wish you a happy life. Never speak to me again." - oh! - "does giving too many gifts create spoiled children?" written by jackie. - Why would you write an article that references my kids to being spoiled? - I think that article is very complimentary. - This conversation is not over. - Did you get a text from jackie to go to a wine tasting? - I did, and I'm definitely gonna come to the wine tasting, because this is not done. [bright music] - I can make you laugh 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 or make you cry. Your choice. - Don't try to bully me. Go free! 'cause I'm a boss. - I have four kids, two degrees, and one kick-ass life. - I may put up a tough front, but I'll never leave you behind. - I'm obsessed with family, traditions, and chanel. - These days, I don't throw punches. I roll with them. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - I remember a funny joke. Why can't cinderella play basketball? Both: 'cause she ran away from the ball! - That is so funny. ♪ ♪ - let me see your bracelet. - It's silver. We match! - ♪ we match-y, we attach-y ♪ - we matchy, matchy. - [singing gibberish] ♪ omg, omg ♪ ♪ omg, omg, done-sy ♪ ♪ ♪ - what'd you do? Did you do this? Did you do this? Oh, my god, I'm having a hot flash. ♪ ♪ - joey, can you please-- - whoa! - Can you please put on the other outfit? - Big one. No, no. - This doesn't match, honey. You don't match. Oh, my god, I send you to school looking ridiculous. [groans] [quirky music] ♪ ♪ - hi. Mind if I bring some food onto the bus? All right, thank you so much. ♪ ♪ hi! - You look gorg'. So glamorous. - Very summery. - One, two, three, mwah. - I'm so glad we got a nice day for the vineyard trip. - I know, are we having lunch there too? - Yes. Outside of my husband and children, there are few things I enjoy more than wine. We're having lunch there, we're having drinks. How can you be out in the sunshine sipping wine and not be in a good mood? I'm really excited for this. It's gonna be fun, fun, fun. - I am too. ♪ ♪ - how are you? Nice to meet you. - Hi. - Thank you. - Oh, look, teresa's here. - Hi. I brought snacks. Can you eat any of this? - No, I brought chicken. [laughter] like, why couldn't we go to this after my competition? That pisses me off. - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - hi, I'm dolores. - Hi. Oh, you look so pretty. - Hi, thank you. Oh, look at-- this is good. Hi. - So who are we waiting for? We're just waiting for melissa. Oh, and jen. - Jackie probably planned this whole wine-tasting thing to smooth things over with jen, but I don't think that she realizes how pissed off jen really is. [tense music] - hi, ladies. - Hi. - This is a-- this is so nice. - Hi, hi, hi. Looking pretty, mwah. - Can I sit right here? - Someone's pulling up. - Jennifer took an uber. She might want to drink. - Hi. - Hey. - Okay, is everybody here? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Can I use the bathroom first? If that's okay. - I love your sunnies, they're great. - After jackie came into my house and used it against me, you think I'm gonna pass up the opportunity to see her house? I don't think so. Beautiful home. - Thank you. - Okay, wow. [quirky music] - so-- - not too shabby, oh, my god. - So the bathroom's there. No one's in it. - Okay, okay, great. - I'll wait for you. Do you want anything before we get on the bus? - What a dump, huh? Jeez. - I really want some fruit, but that has so much sugar. I'm like, "how does it have sugar when it's grown from the ground?" - hey, ladies. - Hi, jen. - Hi, how are you? - Welcome home. - How was it? - It was great. - Who got married? Your brother? - They're not married yet. It's, like, a promise of an engagement. - What do you mean? - Remember when we were in high school and you dated the high school boyfriend for a long time, then you get a promise ring? - No one ever gave me-- I was a fat (bleep). - Oh, my god! I did not have the boys lining up to take me to the prom. But I shaped up. No one gave me no promise ring. - No, no, no! [laughter] let's go drink. [upbeat music] - is everyone gonna sample wine today? - I can't drink! - It's a wine sampling. You're not gonna - it's my reputation, so when I go up there, I need you to look good. No pain, no gain. - Can I drink wine, question mark? - Sample, don't say "drink." - instead of eating? [cell phone buzzes] - "omg, no!" - no, frank! - He's a party pooper. - We're getting to know each other very well. He said he was gonna tattoo your name on him. - I got my father, my mother, my two children. I'm gonna get your name put on me. - [laughs] - oh, my god, just--come on. [laughter] you guys are the biggest freaking liars. They are ----ing every night. - Melissa gorgon, no! What's david gonna say? - David doesn't say much about anything like that. - If jan got my name tattooed on his body, I think joe would tattoo his name across jan's face with his fist. - Does david have feelings? [laughter] - I really like the way it is, because frank, emotionally, he's my best friend. - Dolores needs to learn that frank is not a crutch. Frank is not there to, like, pick up the slack. - David is very neglectful in the emotion department. - David is coming out like a big...[trills] but what's happening is, frank really is there to pick up the slack. So david is taking advantage of that, which is bullsh--. - The way he is with me gives me the opportunity to be what I want to be. - Can you grab that plastic bag? Thank you, babe. - She's gonna eat her chicken. - You know they don't have chicken in turkey too much? - Really? - It's so hard to find. - When did you get back? - Friday night. - Oh, nice. - I got everybody gifts from turkey. Dolores and teresa, I gave... - Thank you, and I love it. - You your gifts, so I have your gifts. - That's--by the way, that is really thoughtful. - It is really thoughtful. - Thank you. - The only thing is, margaret, yours got lost in the mail along with the mail-order bride... - It was a joke! - Jennifer's in turkey for her brother's engagement. - Okay, so this was, like, last legs. Like, she could be mail-order. [tense music] her brother's marrying someone half his age who he's proposed to after knowing for a week and she's coming from overseas. Is that not, like, kind of mail-order? - Anyway, I got everybody gifts. - I love her. - Wait, what is that? - Beautiful. Thank you so much. - Wait, what is that? - Why did she get a knife and I didn't? - It's actually called a hunchad, which is an ancient turkish dagger that people use when they wanted to stab people in the back. So I figured I can give you something tangible so the next time, I can see you coming. - Honey, I don't need your knife to backstab. I don't want your passive-aggressive gifts either. Take your dagger back. - I don't think so. You deserve the dagger. - I don't want the dagger. Take the dagger back. - It's a knife! That's a knife! This is a knife! - You want to talk about passive-aggressive? Who the (bleep) are you to come into my home and use that as content for an article about spoiled children? - Do you really think that's what the article said? - You implied that my children were spoiled. - I did not! You're insane! "when kids come here, they never want to leave," my friend proudly announced. - Beautiful. That's a compliment. - "I'm also guilty "of buying my kids a lot of gifts, "so I'm not faulting my friend for her generosity. "I just hope that her children remain the sweet kids I met at the door." - you weren't attacking my children, saying that they weren't spoiled? All: No! - That's your paranoia, and I'm not gonna apologize for you being paranoid, jennifer. - You come into my house with your holier-than-thou attitude. - I don't have a holier-than-thou attitude! - I would be offended too. Coming into jennifer's home, repeating what you saw to thousands of strangers. What else are you gonna talk about my business? - The reason I'm so offended is because I feel that the kids that my kids go to school with, their parents are gonna be able to read this article. This is gonna give people the perception that my kids are spoiled. - No, because I never said that in there. - I spoil my kids, but they're not spoiled. Maybe I'm paranoid, maybe I'm sensitive about it 'cause it's my kids. If I'm not gonna be sensitive about my kids, then who am I gonna be sensitive about? [tense music] - listen, I don't want this between us. - Okay. - Your kids were the cutest little things ever, and it really did inspire me, not because I thought your kids were spoiled but because we can give our kids a lot of things and we can keep them as sweet, like, humble people. So right now, I'm gonna come next to you, and I am going to tell you that I'm apologizing because I hurt your feelings, and that was not my intention. Are you okay with it? - Yeah. [soft music] - are you crying 'cause of me? - I just--you know, that's just a no--no-touch zone for me. It's just my kids, that's it. - Okay. - Maybe I overanalyzed that article, but anyone in my position would have went into mama bear mode. - So, like, before we get there, are we good? Are we okay now? - Yeah, we're good, we're good. I think I may need a drink after this. - Yes. - I'm gonna ----ing drink. [quirky music] - coming up... - You can't relate to people who have set-up marriages. I can't relate to people who have affairs with married people. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ glow to the max. Makeup now optional. New aveeno® maxglow™ infusion drops with kiwi to lock moisture. And soy to even skin tone. Unleash dewy, glowing skin from within. New aveeno® maxglow™. It's time for the January savings event on the sleep number 360 smart bed. It senses your movement and automatically adjusts to keep you both comfortable. It's our weekend special. Save up to $500 on select sleep number 360 smart beds. Plus, free premium delivery. Ends Monday. [upbeat music] - this is so nice. - It is so nice. - Oh, it's so beautiful. - Oh, my god. This is so pretty. I want to drink wine. - Welcome to harmony. Nice to meet you. So we have the table reservation all set up for you ladies. Come follow me down this way. - Look, the water. This is gorgeous. - It's very pretty. - So you ladies are seated here. - Well, look at this guy. Ready to serve. - Your wine's ready. - Wow. - I should take this off since it's nice out. - Yeah. - I need to be tan anyway for my competition. - Today for the tasting, we're gonna start off with two chardonnays. It's chablis style. It's gonna light, crisp, citrus, and fruity. This is a little drier. - Oh, it's good. - If you swirl it around like that. - Swirl it around. - So then you put it to your nose, and you take a big...[sniffs] and you can smell all the different aromas that the wine has. - Oh, my god, I'm so mad right now! Thanks, jack. - It's frank's fault. - [laughs] - this is our 2016 chardonnay. This is a little drier. The next one we'll be trying isn't as dry. - This wine tastes so good. - [laughs] - we just got this in recently. - Oh, this is a different one, now? - Yeah. - Oh, wow. - Same type of wine, just a different vintage. - Tastes delicious. - What is this one? - So that's a red blend. - Thank you. - How's everyone like the wine? - I finished my first one. I told you... - Oh, you finished it. - I have a goal today. I want to get a little buzz on. - Something about jen that I love. She's like, "I don't drink." next thing you know, she's drunk. - Jennifer, she's lit! You drank more than everyone at the party. - [laughs] - she was trained for the properness, to say everything right and proper. But I see a beast demon inside of her. - ♪ suckin' my dick downtown, bitch ♪ - she's gonna go-- - give this girl one glass of wine, and she-- - I think you should be milania's backup dancer. - I should! I'd be like, "what?" [laughter] - so what's going on with milania and, like, her song? - It's going good. - And what kind of music is it? - It's, like, hip-hop, r&b.; Um, I have the song. I'll let you guys hear it. - What's the name of it? - Um, "can't wait to grow up." all: Aw! - Milania's been very dedicated, very focused. - Once you doing it, wait till the beat drop. Take your time, and just let it flow out. - Her producer sees how passionate she is about it, so he actually laid down the track with her. - ♪ I got plans to blow up ♪ ♪ mama said it ain't easy, but I don't care, so what? ♪ - turn it up, berkeley. She got it. - ♪ and our parents told us ♪ - yeah, she got it! - And he has her working with a dance coach so she can perform her song live. I want to encourage her, support her, because the one that struggles with joe being away the most is milania. - Maybe this is therapeutic for her. Maybe this is the way that she's coping. - And that's--and that's how I see it. - All right, let's hear the song. Can we hear the song? - Put your volume up. - Oh, this is it. - ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ ♪ I got plans to blow up ♪ ♪ mama said it ain't easy ♪ - it's catchy. - It's good! - It's very catchy. - Is she gonna perform this in front of people? - Well, I was gonna invite you guys. She's having a listening party. - Oh, that's so fun. And I don't think that it's something that every parent would support. - I know, I'm sure some parents would be like, "are you kidding me?" - not marge sr. - Oh, my god. - Growing up with marge sr., I went everywhere with her, including on dates. - [laughs] - whoa, tell me about that. - And I'm surprised she never found a guy that, like, felt crazy about her. She was madly in love with this guy who was, you know, married at the time, you know? And she thought he was gonna leave his wife. - I see a pattern here. [tense music] I mean... - Well, what's the pattern? - Your mother's with a married man, and you were with a married man, even though you happen to be married. - So what does that mean? - That there's a pattern. - That's not a pattern. That's called a coincidence. Jennifer says, you know, husbands and children should be off-limits. So should parents. Don't take potshots at people's mothers. The hypocrisy is ----ing rampant. - It was a joke, you're taking it too much to heart. - No, no, no-- - just like the mail-order bride thing is a joke. - This one is frisky when she drinks. Oh, my god. - I said that just because it's very not common in modern-day society to have arranged marriages. - It's not an arranged marriage. It was set up with the intent of marriage. - "to-may-to," "to-mah-to." - they hit it off. No, it's not actually, you know? - Listen, I'm just saying, culturally, it's very hard to relate to. - So you can't relate to people who have set-up marriages, and I can't relate to people who have affairs with married people. - Wow, wow, wow. - I'm just saying, it's very easy-- I'm just saying. - Jennifer has no filter, so I'm just waiting for the next thing to come out. - I guarantee you, someone in the syrian christian orthodox community has ----ed somebody else's wife or husband. - I'm sure they have! - You can't understand that? You haven't ----ing lived. You haven't ----ing lived. - I haven't lived. I haven't lived. - You haven't lived. - Yes, I'm married to the same person for 15 years. How ----ing boring is that? - Who sleeps in the ----ing pool house. - I'm fine with-- - who sleeps in the ----ing pool house. - He doesn't sleep in the pool house, honey. - You said he sleeps in the pool house. - This is the man cave. Don't you see the poker tables? - There's a cot. - There's a cot in case I throw my husband out. - I saw a bed in the pool house. Don't ----ing tell me. - Margaret needs to shut up. She's taking things too far. - I'm just trying to say, you avoid making comments... - I guarantee you-- - on something that you don't understand, and I'll avoid making comments on things that I don't understand, like breaking up a family. - Don't ever question my relationship with my husband. - Calling it a mail-order bride. You're taking something beautiful and turning it into something disgusting. - Beautiful? They ----ing know each other three ----ing weeks, beautiful. - Yes, and their marriage will probably last than your marriage, okay? - Oh! [indistinct yelling] - guys, guys, guys, guys, I think we're not going anywhere. We're just talking in circles. The bottom line is that no matter how you find the person who makes you happy, all that matters is that you found that person, right? - Absolutely. - Yes. - Whoever that's with. - All right, well, cheers. Cheers to being happy. - Yes. - I'm done with drinking. - Oh, now you're on to water. Now she's drinking water, this one. - I like when she drinks. - I like when I drink too! [dramatic music] - coming up... - I don't think margaret is a loyal friend at all. And, you know, I got to tell you, she's said to me a dozen times not to trust you. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [knocking] - hi, honey. - Hi, how are you? - Look at how jacked you are. - Thank you. - Oh, my god. - Hi. - How are you? Good to see you. - Good to see you too. So how's married life? - Oh, unbelievable. ♪ ♪ - so, um, look what I made. Brussels sprouts, and then I have branzino too. Nothing but lean stuff. - Good. Thank you so, so much. - You're welcome, honey. - So anyway, I just came straight from seeing joe. - And how is he, he's good? - Oh, really? - He's good. - So what do you talk about? Kids? - Yeah. We talk about, like, what he wants to do when he gets out. Like, you know. - Does he tell you what he wants to do to you? - Oh, yeah, that too. He's, like, trying to touch my ass. I'm like, "get your hand off of my ass." - that's so cute. - Why won't you let him touch your ass? - He is obsessed with-- - the poor guy. - Because you're not allowed to do that! - It's gonna be like it was in the beginning when he gets out. - Yeah, no, I'm looking forward to it. Closer it gets to joe getting out, all's I think about is, "soon he'll be home." I don't even talk about deportation. It's like, that's all negative thoughts. To me, joe is coming home, and that's it. - I guess the kids would really be happy when he gets home, right? - They can't wait. Especially milania. Have you emailed with daddy? - Right now. - Right now? What are you saying? - "I love you so much. We have your back. Love you, sweetie." - [laughs] so anyway, I wanted to invite you. I'm having, for milania, a listening party. Remember, I told you she was singing? - I would love to come. - I invited, you know, jackie, jennifer, margaret. - Margaret? Well-- - what is going on between you and margaret? - I felt like she started to get a lot more distant from me in bimini at the wedding. - She was jealous. - I don't think she's a loyal friend at all. I think she talks sh-- about people, and that's her mo. And, you know, I got to tell you, she's said to me a dozen times not to trust you. [tense music] - wait, she told you not to trust me? - She's said it to me several times. "teresa's not your 'real friend.'" and even melissa. She told me, "don't trust them." - I don't understand, like, why she would say that. Margaret has always been a good friend to me, but I have been seeing different sides of her-- how she treated danielle at her wedding and jennifer at the vineyard-- and that makes me question a little bit that maybe she could be talking behind my back. Did you tell melissa that? - Mm-mm. No, I haven't seen melissa. But with margaret, I've had enough of it for me. So when I see her, I don't know what I'm gonna do. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - hi. - How are you? - So what are we looking for today? - I'm looking for, like, a platform sneaker. Like, these look cute. - Hello. - Hi. - How are you doing? - Good. - Mwah. - There's a lot of shoes here that I like. - I know, they have some cute stuff. Do we like this one? - I like this in 30 years for you. They're, like, orthopedic. - No, they're not. - My mom wears this. - [laughs] - would you let me take you shopping for something longer than capri length? - All my capris are out and ready for wear. - So wait, I have a question for you. My parents came over for dinner a few weeks ago. I was talking to them, and I have a sister who I don't speak to. She doesn't speak to me. - You're not speaking? - But it's not because we had, like, one fight in particular. We just were never close. Growing up, she didn't like me; I didn't like her. And when my parents would attempt to make us reconcile, it just never went in the right direction. But I've just felt a very strong feeling of wanting to have my sister back in my life. I'm thinking of reconciling with my sister. - Oh, my god, it's what I've always been hoping for. - So I really have this, like, awareness of our parents getting older, and I don't want to end up being forced to reconcile because one of our parents is sick. But I don't know how to reconnect with somebody that I haven't spoken to in so long. - Listen, don't not reach out because you're scared of her reaction. Because, listen, I'm disconnected from my kids, and I write letters, I've called, I've texted. You know, I've been shut down. Whatever, I don't give a sh--. It's, like, I will come back for more until, you know, they accept me. I would do anything to be with my kids. Family bonds are never broken. I mean, it might take longer than she would like, but she has to be willing to do anything to fix it. It was hard for me to reach out to my kids constantly. - Well, I don't know that I would do that. I mean, if she made it clear that she's, like, not interested, I don't think I'd keep coming back. - You'd have to. It's your sister, and it's your parents. - Maybe we'll take it one step at a time. - All right, deal. - Thank you for listening to me. - Of course, of course. - Oh, I love you. - I love you. We got to stick together, 'cause some people are ----ing crazy. - They're ----ing bananas. - I know. - And some people shouldn't drink. I want to talk to you about that. [tense music] - hey. - Beyond beautiful day. [both laugh] hi. - How are you? - I'm good. I got you this, look. I know you hate to work out. - I do. - And I get you, so we got to make it nice and fun. Let's do it. - You've been looking really great. - Oh, my god, thank you. Really? I'm in a much better state of mind than I was. - Uh-huh. - I was having a hard time with my kids being gone. - Do you think david was helping the situation or not? - No, no, and you know what? I'm glad he didn't. I don't expect david to get what I'm going through. He's not a mom, and when we spend time together, things are great. When you get older, you realize, look at the good stuff, not all the bad. You vent to your friends, and then you get through it, or you don't. But I, in every relationship, have always given 100%. - Yeah. - Like, you don't give up on things. It was just part of my nature. - That's the thing. In my culture, it's almost like we get married more for the commitment. Marriages go in waves. Margaret, she's heard little bits and pieces about my little "venting" about the pool house, and now she's taking it and using it against me. I just felt it was very snarky. But I'm beginning to see that this is a pattern with her anyway. - "I see a pattern." that was so ----ing-- - that was, like-- she hit so low. Insults my mother, insults my marriage. - I was like... [squeaks] - I'm gonna sound juvenile, but she started it. - You both said horrible things to each other. - Listen, I don't want to fight with her, but don't sit here and tell me that my brother has a mail-order bride. - I don't know if you guys can get past something like this. Do you feel like you even want to? - Yesterday, was I offended? Of course. But now I have to see her at milania's event. - Are you gonna talk to her about it? - Mm-mm-mm, I'll see her there. I'll be very socially appropriate. I'm sure danielle's gonna be there, and I haven't seen danielle. - Oh, my god. This party, you have double trouble. - Holy jesus. ♪ ♪ - coming up... - Why are you being so quiet, milania? - Dad texted me today. He made me cry. ♪ ♪ [groovy music] ♪ ♪ - are you ready to do this? I'm so excited to watch you. - Hi. - Hi. - How are you, milania? - Hi. - So this is the real, like, superstar test. - Yeah. - The show is tomorrow, so I'm so excited. - And her theme, I told you, is white and gold. - Yes. - What are you gonna wear? - We're gonna do gold shoes, and we're gonna do all-white outfit so that she stands out with the camo and she pops in the middle. - Oh, okay, awesome. - Hello. - Hi. - How are you? - Good, are you excited? - Yeah. - Listen to me it's like an adrenaline rush. ♪ you're watching me do my thing ♪ ♪ 'cause I'm on display, on display, on display ♪ it's gonna be so much fun. You're gonna love it. - She's performed onstage, so she-- like, she has a lot to say. Melissa's song was... Not my thing, but I do appreciate her coming to support milania. - It's gonna be so much fun. You're gonna love it. - Well, are you ready to get started? - Yeah. - Let me give you your mic. - I was gonna say, she needs to practice with it. - Which hand would you hold your mic in? - Probably in this one. - Ready? - Yeah. Okay, so let's start from the beginning. - Yeah, let's do it. Spin. - ♪ hey, it's me, milania ♪ - you know what? Do that again. [quirky music] okay, right foot in front. - Milania, look. ♪ ♪ - yeah, so put--put your-- - in front, other way. And then turn-- - and now just stay there. - No, no, no. - No, the other way. The other way. Yeah, yeah. That's good, so you got it? You got-- you got to go like this, turn around, and then, stephanie, tay-tay, you got it? - Teresa and I might be slight stage moms. - ♪ I'm about to go pick up my besties ♪ ♪ tay-tay and stephanie. ♪ - yep. - But you know what? Stage aunt, stage mom. It's the perfect storm of making milania a superstar. Bring your sass, girlfriend. I know you have it. Hold the mic to your mouth. - Okay. - And sing it on top of it. Yeah, sing it on top of it. - Stop! - Why don't we step out? - Okay. - Milania, we're gonna let you guys practice. We're gonna go get some water, okay? Love you. - Hold the mic to your mouth. - They're so weird. - All right, we got this. We're gonna do it, we're gonna do it, we're gonna do it, all right. - She's so cute. - She's nervous. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Like, I used to have stage fright all the time, I swear. - So I got to get onstage too. I'm nervous. - Yeah, but you can just, like, flaunt it. - I know, but still, I am. I'm embarrassed to flaunt it. - You look really good. - Thank you. - You look, like, super thin. - And I can't wait for the competition to be over. I feel like I just need-- - to have a drink. - Yeah, I would love to have a drink. - Have a drink or something fun? - And let loose, get away and let loose with the girls and just have fun a little bit. Like, oklahoma was nice but not my kind of vacation. - You want to go, like, warm? Like, suntan? - Yeah, of course, warm. Cabo? - Yes, are you gonna drink if I go to cabo with you? - Yes, hello, of course I'm gonna drink. - Okay. - That's the whole point. - Who do you want to invite? - I'll ask the girls-- um, dolores, jackie, and jennifer to come. And margaret and danielle. - Danielle and margaret haven't seen each other in person since the wedding. If you talk to margaret right now, she, like, despises danielle. - The other night, I was by danielle's. She said margaret told her to watch out for you and me, that we shouldn't be trusted. - I just can't picture margaret saying that about me or you. Like, why? She likes you too. - I thought she did. - I want to believe that margaret would never say anything like that about me, because I've done nothing but be good to her since I've met her. - They're gonna see each other for the first time at milania's listening party. - Oh, my god. - They better be civil with each other, because it's my daughter's party. - We'll see. Probably what we're gonna have is a big sh-- show. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - milania, are you excited? - Okay, can you not with that face? - Oh, I'm sorry. She's doing my lips. Look at her nails! - Yeah. - Milania, gabriella has a soccer game, and audriana, she has her recital. That's why they can't come. - Yeah. - But I was at the winery with the girls, and everybody's excited about coming tonight. [tense music] I mean, are you okay? Why are you being so quiet, milania? - Dad texted me today. He made me cry. He was like, "you're gonna do great today. "I wish I was there. You do what you do, 'cause you do everything best." and, like, yeah. - All right, milania, you're gonna make me cry. The last time she visited him, he was all smiles from ear to ear. She sang the song to him. You know, she doesn't express it that much, but I know inside, she's saying "I wish my dad was here." believe me, it's killing him that he's not gonna be here. - Mm-hmm. - You know, he's gonna be with you in spirit. [groovy music] but I think the song is so catchy. Like, I really think it's gonna be a number one. [laughs] - watch out, mom. I'm gonna make more money than you. - Oh! [laughter] ♪ ♪ - are you guys excited? - Milania's rapping tonight. Joey, why don't you be her backup dancer? Come on, show me what you got. ♪ ♪ that's all you got? - Come on, boy. - No, no, no. No wrestling, no wrestling. - Cut it out, cut it out. - All right, enough, gino. Can you get dressed, please? We're gonna be late. - These kids are crazy. - You like a little black leather skirt or a little camo? - Get rid of this, and wear that. - Just wear this to the party? - Yeah. - You're the most jealous human ever. You're gonna let me walk around like this? Yeah, is this the outfit? With a pair of louboutins? - Mm-hmm. - Okay, done. So I was with milania and teresa the other day while she was, like, rehearsing. Teresa tells me that she was talking to danielle the other day and that margaret said that teresa and I are not to be trusted. I mean, why would she say that about me? She wouldn't say that. - She loves you. - You know? - You know, I think danielle is a sh-- starter. Margaret would never say anything like that. It's bullsh--. All right, I'm gonna get ready, 'cause if milania needs some help, I'm gonna jump in and give her a little backup dancing. - Oh, yeah? You got one move. - That's right. - You do that thing. ♪ ♪ - I got you like that, right? - Coming up... - I got a little surprise for you. - Oh, god, I'm scared. [laughter] - oh, my god! - Oh, my god! [groovy music] ♪ ♪ - you ready to do this? Oh, my god, that's it. Look how pretty. It's cool, right? - Yeah. - Can I get a picture of you? - Stop. - No pictures? - No. - No pictures. Okay, no pictures. Hi, guys. - Hey, guys. How are you? I'm teresa. - Hey! - That's cool, looking like a star as soon as I walked in. - Look at that! See that? - Why are you scared? - You got this. I got a little surprise for you. - Oh, god, I'm scared. [laughter] - don't go nowhere. I'll be right back. - What do you think it is? - I don't know. [quirky music] oh, my god! - Oh, my god! - Hey, how you doing? - Oh, my god! [laughter] - nice to meet you. I've been hearing your music. You lit. - Oh, my god, I didn't think you would coming. - Milania loves, loves, loves fetty wap. - It's nice to meet you. - Aw. - Oh, my god. - Are you happy? - Yes. - Bye, fetty, thank you. - See you later, no problem. - Bye. Fetty wap's support can't replace milania's dad, but him coming out to see her, it really does mean a lot. See that? You see what he did for you? - You like that? - [laughs] let me catch my breath. - [laughs] - everyone's gonna love your song. - Hi! Oh, my gosh, we match. And that hair. - Hi, guys. She's excited that you guys are here, hi. - You guys ready to watch milania perform? Oh, look at all the gold. It looks so pretty. - Hi. - Hi. - Hi. - Look at your outfit! This looks so nice. - Did you see fetty wap? - I got a picture with him. [laughter] - there's food if you want food. Or get, like, a soda. - Can I have a drink too? [upbeat music] - oh, look at jackie in her hot pants. Hold on. How are you? - You look beautiful. - You look so hot, I love it. Want to get a cocktail? ♪ ♪ - how are you? - Hi, veronica. How are you? [tense music] - where? - Oh, we match! - Yeah, of course, baby. 'cause we're cool. - We match. I'm not completely thrilled about seeing danielle right now, because I think she's probably lying. It's marty, the married man! But it's my niece's party. I don't want to ruin the night. So I'm just gonna play it cool for now. How you doing? You surviving? - My knees are wobbly. - The credit cards are getting a little hot. - Oh, my god, already? You need a cocktail, both of you. - We do. - Yeah, yeah. - Hi, gorgeous. How are you? - Good. - Are you excited for your sister? I'm, like, nervous for her. - I know, I'm like-- she's gonna be fine. - She is. You know what? She knows all the words. So she'll just have fun with it. - So fun. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - this is so cool. - Wow! - Hi. - Hey, we're all looking sexy! - Hi, dolores. - Hi, honey. You look so good. - I've been working on it. Congratulations to the both of you. - Don't lose this, though. - No. - Look, there's jennifer. - Hi, hi. Hi, hi, hi. Hey, baby, how are you? - Hi. - So nice to see you. Hi, how are you? Oh, you look tan. - You look good. - Thank you. - How you doing? - Oh, my god. I love your hair today, hi. - You need a cocktail. Are you gonna have one tonight? You can have one. - No, I have my kids. - You're scared after the vineyard experience. - I'm scared, I'm scared. Everyone's gonna yell at me. [growls] - I got you. - Hi, margaret. - What's going on? - Mwah, you look beautiful. - You look gorgeous. I've got a pony. What's going on? I haven't seen you since our last, uh-- - I know, I know, I know. - Well, I know. We'll have to talk now we're lucid. - Yes. - Tonight, we're gonna have a great night. - Let's have a good time. - I'm not worried about it. Sober jennifer, I don't really have an issue with. As long as we have the high pony, we're okay. - There we go, baby. - We're good. Drunk jennifer... - I like when she drinks. - I like when I drink too! [laughs] - whole other thing. Hi. - Hey, how are you? - Good, how are you? What's going on? Hi, how are you? - Hi, how are you? Hi, hi. How's everything? Joe, let me drop the gifts. Let me drop the gifts. I'm purposefully trying to stay away from danielle, 'cause I don't want to get roped into her sh-- tonight or ever again, for that matter. - So that was cold. - Hi, everyone. - Let's go sit. - Thank you so, so much for coming and supporting milania. [cheers and applause] and now I'm gonna pass the mic to nitt the gritt. He wrote milania's song. - I want to say to milania, I'm just so proud of her. Me, teresa. - Yes. I'm so proud of my baby. I love her. I love you, milania. - Are you nervous for her? - I am. - Everybody... [groovy music] give it up for milania. [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ - is she coming? [cheers and applause] - ♪ hey, it's me, milania ♪ ♪ I'm sure you've seen me around ♪ ♪ you probably see me on tv ♪ ♪ I'm about to go pick up my besties ♪ ♪ tay-tay and stephanie ♪ ♪ big things popping, little things stopping ♪ ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ ♪ I got plans to blow up ♪ ♪ mama said it ain't easy, but I don't care, so what? ♪ ♪ and our parents told us ♪ ♪ don't be too quick to grow up ♪ - milania is a tough, strong girl, but every daughter needs their dad. - ♪ dad said it ain't easy, but I don't care, so what? ♪ - since he's been gone, she's been sad and gets moody, you know? And that's why I'm, like, in awe. I'm in so much joy watching milania perform. Seeing her, how confident and happy she is, like, that's my milania. [cheers and applause] [girls screaming] [groovy music] - she did so good. ♪ ♪ - yeah, that was so good! - Good job, baby. How did it feel? So good? I'm just so proud of milania right now. She did amazing. Good job, baby. I really just wish her dad was here to see it, to be standing there with teresa. - Milania, I just want to say I'm so proud of you. You did phenomenal. - Thank you. - I love you. ♪ ♪ - yo, what's up, guys? - Oh, joey! - What's going on? - Just talking wine and wine cellars. - I am so proud of her. That was, like-- - to come out in a crowd like this was amazing. - Hi, guys. - Hi! - Hi, baby! What a great night! My daughter's asking me when it's gonna be available on itunes. - Oh! - Now we have the competition. - I know, now I'm gonna be nervous. - Your body looks sick. She's so tiny. - Really? - Like, in the last two weeks-- - I feel like I want to give you a french fry. - I don't even want french fries. - Pizza. - I want to drink. Like, I want to just have fun. I was telling melissa, and we mentioned maybe mexico. After my competition, would you guys want to go away with me? - Yes. - Okay. - I need a ----ing trip after our last trip. [laughs] - have you guys ever been to cabo? - I've never been to cabo. I'm totally in. - So wait, but is it-- I know you're very close with danielle. Is she coming? - I would want her to come. [tense music] - I mean, I'm not staying in a room near her. But it's fine. No, listen. I don't have any ill feelings. I just don't want to be involved in that. - If we're all gonna travel together, then I need to clear the air now, because I'm not gonna sit on vacation worrying about who's sh--talking me. - She was amazing, amazing. - Oh, thank you. - She was great. - Very good, right? [tense music] - sorry, but now that you walked over, teresa, I'm gonna just say, like, exactly what you said danielle said. Teresa said that you told her not to trust teresa and I. Did she say that, or did she not say that? ♪ ♪ for mild-to-moderate eczema, eucrisa can be... ...Used almost everywhere on almost everybody. Like the face of a flower girl. The arm of an artist. Or the hands of a happy camper. Prescription eucrisa is a nose-to-toes eczema ointment. It blocks overactive pde4 enzymes within your skin. And it's steroid-free. Do not use if you are allergic to eucrisa or its ingredients. Allergic reactions may occur at or near the application site. The most common side effect is application site pain. Ask your doctor about eucrisa. choose gentle rewards me basically everywhere. So why am I playing the pug bongos at this destination wedding? Where my dogs at? Oh, here they are. You do you and get rewarded. [tense music] - teresa, I'm gonna just say, like, exactly what you said danielle said. Because teresa said that you told her not to trust teresa and I. ♪ ♪ - I never said that. - You did, and we discussed that at my house right before we had the bachelorette party. - She said to me, "I don't know who to trust." I said, "then don't trust anybody." why do you twist what I said and spin it to teresa? - "spinning" is a word that you put on it. - I'm looking over there, and marge and danielle are arguing. They're, like, yelling at each other. - Well, they got some stuff to clarify with each other. - They're--I think they're past clarifying. - I don't change a story. I don't twist words. I don't say--when I say, "don't trust anybody," then I don't select people out and say, "hey, melissa, margaret said don't trust you." no, I made a blanket statement. "don't trust anybody, then." you have a way of twisting things, and that's why I can't associate with you. - Marge was friends with danielle until danielle starting throwing all kinds of sh-- all over the place. - I think marge is throwing sh-- all over the place. - Oh, you're ----ing insane. - But she's jealous, 'cause she's threatened by her. There is no reason for danielle to be jealous of margaret. There's nobody that looks better than her. - Oh, (bleep) me, are you kidding me? - Margaret doesn't want to walk into a room with danielle because nobody will look at margaret. - Marty, take a-- no, no, no, no, no. - Delighted. - No, it's not worth it. It's not worth it, all right? Marty's out of line. Never insult a man's wife. If that was my wife, I think he'd be walking out on crutches. Relax, it's milania's little thing tonight. - If it wasn't milania's little thing, I'd have to break his face now. - At least I come from a place of pain. You coming from a place of maliciousness. - I'm not trying to be mean. - But you are, you're malicious. - I feel really bad for danielle. Margaret is just a mean girl. Obviously, she can be very vicious. - I'm not trying to be malicious. - You're calculated, and you're malicious. - Did I miss something? - Danielle told me margaret said that she can't trust melissa or me. - Did she say it? - I said something to danielle, and she went and repeated to melissa and teresa her perception of what I said. - That's what happened to me last year. - You said teresa doesn't care about anyone or anything more than money. - You mother----ing liar! I don't know why she does this, I don't know. But this is what happened. This is what I've been telling everybody. Have fun. Welcome back to the group. - I'm sorry, dolores, I'm sorry. - Thanks for no one believing me last year. I hope everyone believes me now. Nobody ever wanted to believe me then. If they don't believe me now, I don't really care, 'cause eventually, they're gonna see it for themselves. - As jennifer would say, I sense a pattern. - I sense a pattern. - Oh, my god. - When your lips are moving, you're lying. - That's not true. - You sabotage every friendship, and you sabotage us. And you know what? I'm not doing it anymore, and you're not my people, okay? - Okay. - That's it, so I want you to have a happy life, and I didn't want to say anything bad to you, but you pushed me to, okay? - Oh, my gosh. - That's kind of ----ed up. - Margaret's been treating danielle really harsh. I think she's taking it a little too far. So unnecessary. [tense music] - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - oh, my god. This is, like, crazy. - You know what marty did go and say? And I-I ----ing got pissed off. If he walked into a room and he's going in with danielle, they ignore you, because she's the most beautiful, hottest thing on earth. - Any man that would say that is pathetic, and that's all I would say. ♪ ♪ - how you doing? - I'm so ----ing done with her. Do you see how she twists things? - That was twisted, and you know what I-- - that's what she does all the time. You and I are very close. I would never say a negative word about you in a million ----ing years. That's why I can't be with her. She is so diabolical. She's "single white female." yeah, I don't know what she's gonna do. I'm, like, freaked out by her a little bit. Like, she's, like, dangerous. I'm gonna have to go, because I can't take this. I'm exhausted. Go home with the kids. - That's enough drama for one night. - I know. - Next time on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Can we check out this giudice booty? - Whoo! - Remember when me and teresa and joe went and saw, like, a medium? She told me, "your dad wants me to tell you you don't have two sisters. You have three." - do you think that dolores is using you as a crutch? I mean, do you think that's holding her back? - I think we're here, yay! [all cheering] - cocktail queen, relax, okay? - Baby, I am on point. - Really? So is your ----ing lip liner. It looks like a monkey's asshole. - A monkey's asshole that you ----ing suck! [dramatic music] - to learn more about "the real housewives," Captions paid for by nbc-universal television >>> it's "watch what happens live" with cynthia bailey and rupaul. [ cheers and applause ] everybody, welcome to 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 