The Real Housewives of New Jersey: Season 9, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey 
 s9e10 - From Turkey with Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of New Jersey (2009–…): Season 9, Episode 10 - From Turkey with Love - full transcript 
 As Jennifer departs for Turkey to celebrate her brother's engagement, Danielle sends Margaret a text that could end their forever friendship. Dolores hosts a charity event for women in ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Thank you for coming! Let's get this party started! - My brother's getting engaged. - Oh, my god. - So we're going to turkey. - You know, daddy never told me when he got disbarred. - Wow. He told me. - You talk to me like I'm the ----ing worst. I just can't ----ing do that anymore. - "does giving too many gifts create spoiled children?" written by jackie. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - She's talking about jennifer. - Why would you write an article that references my kids to being spoiled? - I didn't say one negative thing about your children. - It's not that simple. This is not done. It's not done, all right? - You feel like your husband would be in jail if you could control what he did? I hope at some point we can get together and talk. So, if I call you, you'll answer? [bright music] - I can make you laugh or make you cry. Your choice. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Don't try to bully me. Go free! 'cause I'm a boss. - I have four kids, two degrees, and one kick-ass life. - I may put up a tough front, but I'll never leave you behind. - I'm obsessed with family, traditions, and chanel. - These days, I don't throw punches. I roll with them. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [playful screaming] - what's up with your face? - I'm thanos. - You're who? - You wouldn't understand. - [scoffs] - do you remember justin has his induction on Wednesday for the bergen academy? - I don't. - I knew you didn't. And then there's a mandatory picnic that he has to go, but I'll write all these things down. I'm just really excited. I mean, the last time I was in turkey was, like, six years ago. - Yeah. - My mom's already there. My brother should be coming tomorrow. I'm sad that you're not coming, though. - I know. Sort of a short notice, it's hard for me to schedule it. - I know. It's disappointing to me that bill is not going to turkey for the promise-of-engagement party. I would love it if you could spend some quality time with the kids. Do you know I get nervous when I'm not around, 'cause then I'm not here to, like, remind you? My husband works really hard, but sometimes I feel like he allows that to be his hall pass. I mean, I'm not a single parent here. You know, I didn't get into this mess by myself. Olivia's gonna be really sad when I'm not here at night-- - I know, she's the one who'll be heartbroken. - So just make sure you can coddle her a little bit. Oh, don't do that, baby, please. There's something I kind of have to tell you, but I've been avoiding telling you. - What is it? - One of my friends, jackie, she's a writer. She wrote this article-- let me just get an ipad. - Okay. - Whoa, mom! - Want me to lift you up by your neck? - Mom! - Justin, stop that. That day that we had the kids' party... - Right. - I was renting, like, a bouncy castle for them and stuff. - Can we just talk about this, like, bouncy house inside your indoor basketball court? - Why don't you just read it? - Wow. "when kids come here, they never want to leave." you do use that a lot, don't you? [chuckles] it's absolutely correct. Nothing wrong with the article. She makes valid points. - But she's referencing our kids. I know bill says I spoil the kids. I got presents. - Don't we need special occasions for presents? - But here we have someone who wrote an article attacking how we're raising our kids. And I think he should have my back on this one. How could you say she made valid points? If you want to come at me, I'm ready. But you can't touch my kids. - I can see how you're emotional about that aspect of it. - I just feel it's so below the belt. But, um, I'm not gonna think about that right now. My brother's getting engaged. I'm gonna think about good things. And I'll deal with it when I get back. - I bet you will. [exciting music] ♪ ♪ - so how's it feel to be home, frank? - It feels nice. - Frankie, it felt like you were gone forever. - Yeah. - Are you excited to see the house we're flipping? - How's she look? - You're gonna be impressed. - Guys, let me just set it straight. You're home, frankie, you know I'm gonna be on ya. Getting ready for the show, so, mom, do me a favor, please let me have my way with frankie for a month. - Right, coming from the former mr. New jersey, who's living vicariously through you right now, frank. - Wait, what the (bleep) are you talking about? Oh, my god. - Frank's a little bit of a control freak. So, when he's training frankie for this fitness competition, it's either his way or the highway. - Mom, do me a favor-- - frank, do me a favor, don't get carried away with yourself. - Me? - Yeah. - How am I getting carried away with myself? - Don't be too hard on him. - [laughs] - jesus, she's in one of these ----ing moods today. Oh, my god, listen, frankie, you're gonna do fine, all right? - We're here. - All right. [bright music] ♪ ♪ - all right, guys. - It looks amazing. I like the color of the house, dad, it's nice. - It looks good, right? - It's gonna sell quick, frank. - I know it is. - And then you're gonna appreciate me as a partner. - Here you go, here's your master bedroom with a his-and-hers walk-in closet. - This whole house was down to the studs. This is gonna be beautiful. - Master bath. - This is great. - Did we get the pebble tile, or did you stiff me on that? - This is what I would normally use. - I don't want that. I like the flat stone. - All right, you got it. Didn't go with the pebble tile. I said, "do me a favor, I need to go finalize the tile right now." - and you told me to be there at 3:00. At 3:00, I would have been there, and then you switched it till 12:00. You don't think I know his tricks by now? I can get past the fact that he didn't tell me about his disbarment, but belittling my decisions in a so-called "equal business" partnership is not gonna fly with me. But I should have called your bluff and switched my lunch. But you know what? It was an important lunch to me. So I couldn't. It was for a charity. For the past two weeks, I've been planning an event for the shelter. I wanted to have, like, a little beauty event for you guys. Thinking, like, you know, nails, massages. What do you think? - That sounds fun. I haven't done that in forever. The event is in two days, and frank is telling me I haven't done this, I haven't done that. You know what, frank? You sound like an asshole, so just shut up. - All right, listen, we got 30 days to finish, on the market. - I'm on it. I'm on it. - Yeah, I know, you're on it. The problem is getting it from mommy's head to her hands. - I can't stand that he talks like this. You know, just 'cause people do things differently than the way you do them doesn't mean that they're not efficient. - Yeah. You're doing an amazing job. I would love to flip houses one day like you guys. - Don't make the mistakes I made. Don't buy boats, all right? Don't spend your money on whores, all right? And everything else. That's why we make mistakes-- - did you have fun though, frank? 'cause you looked-- - absolutely. - While I was sitting back raising this, as I saw you driving up and down the bay with all the whores hanging off the boat. When frank and I aren't getting along, we bicker over the past almost like an old married couple. It's really just not good. - So how did you, like, stay close with him and put all these other people behind dad, even though he did all of the to you? - Let me ask you a question. - No. - Never. - But even in the moment that happened, she always put you first. - Because of you and your sister. - You and gabby are happy, that's our biggest thing. - Yeah. - Okay? - But mom really deserves to come first now. - Aw, little frankie. All right? - That's fine. Love you guys. - Don't--don't give him a hard time, frank. - I know, here we go, back to the "hard time." let's go. Come on, I got to go. Careful down the stairs, 'cause honestly, you're not gonna sue me. - Wouldn't be the first time. [laughs] [easygoing music] ♪ ♪ - can I have iced coffee? Do you have an skim milk? - Yeah, we do. - Can I have just a drop? Thank you. I'm definitely not intimidated by teresa, but I just hope that it's not another scream-fest. - How ----ing dare you? - Okay, relax with the cursing, all right? - No, I ----ing curse. You don't ----ing like it, too ----ing bad. - I want her to know that she can never speak to me the way that she spoke to me. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ hi. - Hi. - Do you-- do you want coffee or...? - Yeah, yeah. - Okay. - Hold on, I'll put this down. Um, I'll just have a coffee, thank you. - So, um, I wanted you to, um... Meet me so I can talk to you. Like, all of this needs to be settled out. I think that... - Thank you. - What you did to me at margaret's house is--is not excusable. I don't get spoken to like that. I'm a grown woman, I have a lot of self-respect. I was like, "what the (bleep)?" - because, listen, you came at me first. Is she ----ing delusional? I didn't start with her. Everyone knows my situation, and no one would throw that in my face. - But is that the way you argue with people? - If they piss me off, yeah. - This is the problem, because if you didn't intend to be disrespectful by screaming in my face, why would you say, "you've been here for five minutes. "if you want to make it to ten minutes, I'd watch your mouth."? Which, to me, sounded like a threat. ♪ ♪ - well, it's not a threat. I felt like you were being insensitive. Like, that's not something you should bring up. - Can I explain something to you? I was saying that you are such a strong woman, that if a woman was capable of controlling her husband's actions, there is no way you would have let that happen. - It didn't come off that way, but-- - can you just agree that maybe I disrespected you, but you also disrespected me? - But if you didn't make that comment... You should have just used a different analogy. - Maybe my viewpoint on it might be a little bit different, because my parents had their own issues with the irs, and my dad went away for six months. And both my parents were on house arrest. Like, when my mom had an ankle bracelet on, like, we used to laugh about it. - I'm living it right now. My kids live with it every day, and it really hurts them that their father's not here. - I did not mean to hurt you. For that, I am sorry. We may have a beef again in the future, because we are both very strong, type-a women, but I will never bring up that situation again. - I hear what she's saying, but this is strike two for jackie. I'll give her a second chance for now, and we'll see how this game's gonna play out. Believe me, I've gotten more namaste. I used to be a little bit crazier. - All right, all right. - So... - All right. - That was calm for me when I'm pissed. - Coming up... - Tonia, you better look at the prices, because you got to see what you can afford owning a boutique. - You're insulting me, that's not cool. But this hair color thing. I've got that figured out. Garnier nutrisse. The #1 nourishing color crème, with avocado, olive and shea oils. Nourishes while you color. For the rich color you expect. Join the millions who have chosen nutrisse. Nourished hair. Better color. Hey team aaptiv, it's jamie here. Caesar happily here. This is zolta malik, your aaptiv trainer. Let's go! Showtime, let's hit the floor. Stay focused. I'm here with you every step every stride of the way. All I want you to focus on is that goal. Find yourself getting stronger. You're part of the aaptiv team now. Improve every part of your body, using this part of your body. Introducing aaptiv. Trainer-led, music-driven audio workouts designed to keep you fit and motivated. It's personal training for every body and every goal. Get moving with unlimited access to thousands of workouts and programs created and guided by world-class training experts. Stay inspired by the music you love, and keep going with more than 40 new classes every week in 12 categories and growing. So whether you stay at home, hit the gym or get outside; just put on your headphones and let our trainers guide you. Nice work, you guys. Excellent, excellent. You did it! Aaptiv, the number one audio fitness app. Start your free trial today at [jazzy music] ♪ ♪ - hi, how are you? - Hi. - Take a step forward. I want it straight up and down. - [grunts] - hi. - How are you, teresa? - How are you doing? Good. - Good. - Hi. - What's up? - How are you? - What are we going, to a disco? - No, it's--it's my jacket. - All right. - Frankie, when's your competition? - Same day. - I mean, it's great. Is he ready? - No, he's not ready. No. - No? - No. - I still got another, like, ten pounds I got to dry out. - Really? - Yeah. - Worse thing you can have is your father as a coach. I never lost my weight class, so my son's not going into his fist show and not winning, all right? - I have to say thank you to you. Tara, she was a great coach. - Keep your chest up. - Okay. - Perfect. - It's hard, she lives far away. I have to drive a lot. It's really time consuming. But now I'm working out with the powerhouse. - And don't forget--exactly. - I ran into frank at my nephew's communion. I'm freaking out. - You can't freak out, 'cause then your cortisol levels raise. That stops you from getting defined. - Really? - Yes. - Oh, my god, okay. - So, you got to chill. - He's just so knowledgeable about everything, and my one trainer lives so far way. So I asked frank to help me get over the homestretch. - I'm gonna do triceps real quick, all right? - Bye, honey. - Bye. Good luck. - Thank you, you too. - If you hear teresa crying, don't call anybody. All right? - Yeah. - I want to do legs today. - You're gonna regret that. Know how to do up-downs? - Yeah. Let's go. The quicker we go, the more that you burn. - I have three weeks left before the bikini fitness competition. - Squeeze, squeeze your ass. - All the hard work that I'm putting in... Oh, my god, I never did legs like this before. - I want you to wake up tomorrow morning and say, "damn that frank." - I'm finally seeing the results. [grunts] - no pain, no gain. Don't you quit on me. Don't you-- - I'm not. Hold it there. Don't let it down. Don't let it down. Ah, look it--we're shaking. It hurts good. Down slow. Excellent. All right, stand up. - Oh, mercy. Stand up, shake it out. Going over by dumbbells now. Come on, squeeze the ass. Like yoga. - Yogi's don't believe in lifting weights. - I know they don't, I know they don't. - But I incorporate it, 'cause it's a great stress-relief for me. - It's got to help you with joe being away. - It really does. - So did you tell joe that I was training you? - No, but I think he would be fine with it 'cause it's you. If it was another guy, I don't think we would have liked it. - Are you serious? - Yeah. One more. Squeeze your ass when you come up. Now, listen, let's talk about where we're going. - Okay. - This ain't no joke, we got three weeks. - Yes. - All right. Looking at you, we probably got about another 12 pounds. - I got to lose 12 more pounds? - Yes. - How do I do this? He wants me to lose 10 more pounds--12 more pounds. - It's my reputation, all right? So, when I go up there, I need you to look good. - So, yeah, I mean, I'm nervous. Like, what happens if it doesn't happen? - I'll turn around and say, "teresa, I don't think you're ready to step onstage," okay? Right now what my intentions are-- you're gonna be ready, and we're going to the show. - Oh, my god, if I get my ass to where it's supposed to be, I'll be so happy. [laughs] [exciting music] ♪ ♪ - I love being back in turkey. We used to go back every summer when I was little. And being here, my heart is filled with-- we call it sherif. It's like your pride. I was born in queens, new york. My mother and father came here from turkey to try to give their children a better life. But, you know, we still grew up in a strong culture and community with turkish traditions and values that I hope to instill in my own children. [doorbell rings] - oh! - Hi. Hi. Hi, baby. - You're squishing me! - Hi, baby. - Where's olivia? - I didn't bring olivia, just me. [all speaking turkish] seeing my family in turkey just really makes me appreciate my roots. Like culture, respect, tradition. I'm here, mom. I wouldn't miss this for the world. And everybody's so welcoming, and there's just so much love. - Oh, my god. - Yeah. No? Well, we need them to get married soon so she can come to america. In a traditional turkish culture, we like to close the deal fast. The engagement party happens, and then we plan a wedding. And, you know, technically, there's no sex till marriage, so they want to get on that bandwagon. - This is the casting. It's 18-karat gold. These are the diamonds. [laughter] [upbeat music] - wait till you see this place, my little birthday boy. ♪ ♪ - unbelievable. ♪ ♪ - oh, perfect, thank you. That's joey's seat, he's the birthday boy. - Look how sweet that is, mother and daughter. - I love to spend time with my daughter when she doesn't have her cell phone in her hand. - Hi, guys. Can I get you guys started with anything to drink? - Yes, the kids know what they want-- - the ocean-blue one. - I want this one. - You want that one, too? - Did you say "please"? - I'll have the ocean blue. - And I'll have a tito's on the rocks. - Okay. - I think I'm gonna do the banana-chunk martini. - Okay. - Thank you. So, joey, you're eight years old now. We have to decide what you want to be when you grow up. - You're gonna own daddy's buildings, right? That's what he's gonna do. Tonia, what are you gonna do? The other day you were like, you want to go own a boutique. So what do you want to do, antonia? - I'm gonna do the same thing mom's doing. - What, is your mother brainwashing you? Do you want to build buildings, make some big money? Or you want to sell a shirt? - That's--no. - No, that's not nice. - Oh. - Whoo! - Did you guys get a chance to look at the menu? - Tonia, you better look at the prices, you got to see what you can afford owning a boutique. - You're insult--joe. - See, I don't look at the price. - Hello, joe, you're insulting me. Like, I'm sitting right here. - I'm not insulting you. - No, it's kind of rude. It's your son's birthday. Don't be rude. - [chuckles] I'm just-- - stop, dad. - I want to order pancakes, two chocolate chip pancakes. - I'm gonna do the new york strip. - Okay. - All right, I'll try that. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Tonia, I'm just saying I'm working so hard to build a company so you guys make money. - Joe, stop. - In retail, you only make enough money to wear clothes. - Listen to me, nothing irks my skin more than what you just did. It gets me very upset when he talks like that in front of my daughter. I want her to be strong. I want her to be independent. And I'm trying to be an example of the for her, and I don't like when he comes and pisses all over it. - What, honey? I'm only busting her chops. - She's watching her mother, she's proud of her mother. Leave her alone. - Joey is the birthday king! All: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey... - Smile! Blow it out, joey! Make a wish! Make a wish. - Happy birthday to the hot man. - Are you kidding? - Coming up... - Danielle was a lot at the wedding. - Look at these text messages. "you bulldoze your way through everything and take people down." - wow. - And then I wrote-- "I wish you a happy life, never speak to me again." - oh. Being smooth means you're always in the right place... And it's always the right time. They say you are what you eat. Be smooth like skippy. (crunch) ♪ smoother than a fresh jar of skippy ♪ ♪ you guys hungry? ♪ ♪ ♪ rise to grapeness. You can duo anything. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [doorbell rings] - ah. - Guess who it is. - Hi! - Hello! Baby! I haven't been to turkey in six years. I mean, the last time I went was for my cousin's wedding where my brother and I actually ended up meeting melda. - I miss you so much. - I miss you, too. Oh, english, then? You can speak. - Eh, a little, sometimes. - Okay, good. - I'm gonna help you practice since you're gonna come to new jersey soon. We are sisters now. - In a culture like ours, when melda marries into my family, she's instantaneously going to become my sister. You know, unlike some families in jersey. Young love. - Let's go. - Let's go. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - okay. - Okay. Let's go. ♪ ♪ are you nervous that you have to move to america? - No, I am so excited. - You're excited? - Yes. [cell phone ringing] - that's probably my brother. Yes, it is--michael. Hey, we're pulling up. I think it's gonna be a little bit difficult for melda to adapt when she gets to america, 'cause in turkey, melda's used to the traditional role of women. Let's go. But when she comes to america, she's going to see a whole new world, and that can change a person. - [ululating] - and I know my brother definitely wants a traditional wife. So I'm hoping that when she comes here, if she wants to branch out and explore different options that he's gonna be supportive, because you do what you must to make a marriage work, no matter what. [laughter] [exciting music] - could you guys grab the sh--? Let's start getting the goodie bags moving. Because, you know, dolores is putting together this beautiful charity event tomorrow for a homeless shelter. So we're donating things. - I can use some help. - Anything, we could do little gift baskets. - Awesome, thank you. - Melissa and jackie are gonna help pack the goodie bags, and they're gonna donate stuff also. - That's really nice, though. - Okay, you're gonna help me? - Yes. - What are you doing? You got to put the other-- - oh, I forgot. I forgot, sorry. Sorry, my darling. - I think you have short-term memory loss. [chuckles] okay, seriously? W-w-wait, wait, wait, stop. It's upside down. - No? - Yes, it's upside down. - Oh, marleny. - Make it beautiful. [laughing] I mean, what are you-- look. - Oh, oh, oh, I forgot. - Yeah, this might not be your specialty, making goodie bags-- fyi, lexi. - [laughing] - so all the cosmetic bags are good. I'll make 30, just in case. - Yeah. - Look how fabulous. [doorbell rings] ooh. - Hi, babe. - Hi. - Oh, you look so cute. - Mwah. Good to see you. - You look beautiful. - Thank you. Oh, I'm very casual 'cause we're stuffing the goodie bags. - All right. I love coming to your house. - Oh, my god, please. My house has not been finished, because super-slow joe has no sense of speed when it comes to our house renovations. [scoffs] - hi. - Hi, jackie. What's going on? How are you? - This is jackie. - Jackie, oh, my god. Nice to meet you. Marleny. - It's a pleasure. - Ooh, melissa's here. - Oh, thank you, sweetheart. - Come in! You look adorable. - Hi. - How you doing? - You look so cute. So what do you got going here? - We're packing goodie bags. It looks really good. - Hi, melissa. - Hello, gorgeous. How are you, beautiful? - You are beautiful. - Thank you. - What about the sushi, though? The girls are hungry. - Okay. - Okay. - Okay. - She's like, "back off, bitch." - I know, right? I know. I told her about jennifer. I was like, "um, just so you know, one of my other girlfriends checks the bag." - my nannies, before they leave, I do random bag check. - Oh, my god. - She goes, "I tell her, (bleep) you." I was like, "all right, that's right." - jennifer's not coming, is she? - No, no, no, no, no, no. - Oh, okay, good. [exhales deeply] I don't think we left off so great. - Really? - At the communion? - Yeah, jennifer was already pissy at me. So I was like, "you know what? Let me try to put out one fire." right? - Right. - So I knew teresa was leaving, and so I said, "would you ever be up for getting together?" and, like, she was nice. She was like, "yeah, call me." you know, so I called her, and we actually ended up meeting for coffee. - That's amazing. I can't believe you-- - wait a second. So how did it go? - It was really... - I'm gonna start putting things in little stacks. - Okay. So I actually think both of us were a little bit upset by the way that we acted toward the other person. And I think both of us really wanted to put this behind us. - Thank god, I'm so happy, because I'm like, it's--it was stressing me out. I am ,like, so happy that teresa and jackie made up. But I do love how jackie's not afraid to voice her opinion. I mean, I respect a strong woman that has an opinion. And that's who jackie is. - Okay, excuse me, girls. The sushi's done. - Oh, nice. And I have to fill you in on all my danielle bullsh--. But let's do it over food. - All right, all right. - Okay, baby girls. - Okay, thanks you, marleny. - Okay. - That looks so good. - They look crazy. - Perfect. - Danielle was a lot at the wedding. She showed me a side to her that I never saw. - I thought it was supposed to be about me. Seriously? What the (bleep)? - That side was--whoo. And the way she treated someone's children-- you know, the man she's supposedly in love with. - His kids don't like me. If you're not going to respect me, stay out of my space. - I chose you at the detriment of my relationship with them. - I would never get between someone and their kids in a million ----ing years. - Do you think it was just anxiety about the wedding? - No, she's wacko. Look at these text messages. "I'm very confused to what I've ever done to you. "you have nothing nice to say about me to anyone. "you bulldoze your way through everything and take people down." - wow. - You know, and then I wrote-- "I wish you a happy life, never speak to me again." - oh. - And she goes-- "I can't believe you're this person, shame on you." p.S., next day, "happy mother's day, have a wonderful day." but I didn't answer, because we're done. We're never having this fight again. You know, denial's a real thing, and she ----ing is cleopatra. [laughter] - coming up... - Jennifer thought that her brother was never gonna get married. - Okay, so this was, like, last licks? Like, she could be mail-order. [upbeat music] ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ♪ ♪■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ - ooh. [laughs] oh, my god, eileen, it looks amazing. - [laughs] thank you. - This is so nice. This looks delicious. It's just beautiful. Oh, hi. I'll show you where to set up the stations for nails and massage. I want the women to know what it feels like to be pampered. Everyone show know that. I want a massage from you. - Hello. - Hi. What's your name? - Dexter. Can I? [giggles] oh, my goodness, you don't look like a dexter to me. [laughter] oh, hello, teresa. - Hi. - Thank you for coming. - Oh, my god, it's so pretty. - It looks cute, right? Isn't it pretty here? - Yeah. I have margaret bringing all her macbeth goodie bags. - That's so nice. Is jackie coming? - Yeah, jackie's coming, yeah. - Okay, 'cause, um, I talked to her. - Oh. - So... - How'd that go? - No, we're good. She apologized. - Good, okay, good. - We made up. - You know, after our little talk, I didn't know that jackie would be able to swallow her pride and apologize. But I'm still not convinced that she really understands. - You know, we had a normal conversation. I'm like, "see, I can have a normal conversation." - well, listen, let me check on what we're doing here, because they should be here soon. [exciting music] um, we'll set up water for them... - Sure. - Over there. ♪ ♪ oh, hello, everybody. Hi. Hi. Hi. How are you? I love to see you smiling. Get over here. - Hi, precious. - When I was little, we were taught give of yourself, give of your time. In my time at the shelter, I've really gotten to know all these women. You built yourself a business once and a home once, you could do it again. And I realized that something they're never able to do is just to sit back and take a deep breath. Hi. Hi. And I wanted to give that to them, even if it was just for this one day. You guys can sit anywhere. You can start eating. And then you could sit down and get your massages and your nails, okay? - What? [indistinct chatter] - oh, hi. How you doing? - Hi. - Good. - How you doing? - All right. You smell good. I'm really happy that, like, there's no-- are you feeling okay about us? - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. - Yeah? All right, good. - Jackie, thank you for coming. - Hi. Oh, you look so nice. - Thank you. - This is so thoughtful and really kind. - Oh, thank you. Well, I work with them a lot, and I see that nobody does anything for them. So I want them to have a nice day. - Yeah. - This little boy, jeremiah, he goes from shelter to shelter because his grandmother can't get permanent housing. - I have a lot of responsibility of him. He keeps me going. - Jeremiah, hi. So, jeremiah, this is my friend jackie. - Hi. - This is my friend teresa. - Hi, nice to meet you. - We've been friends since we were little. He calls me aunt dolores. Can I have a hug? That's not a hug. - I think there's two sides to dolores. One part of her is a really tough broad. You don't (bleep) with dolores. - I think you should eat something, no? What, you ate already? - Why did you have chips for breakfast? - Chips? That's not a-- - yeah, so... - Okay, so you need to eat. Let's go, come on. - Just a little something, jeremiah. They don't get a hot meal, and they're always hungry. - But I think the other side of her is really soft and really compassionate. - Enjoy yourselves. I want everybody--hello. - When someone is vulnerable or needs anything, she tries to help them, and I think we relate to each other over that. Jeremiah, do you like reading? My kids complain when I make them read. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - hi. - You look stunning. Hi. - Hi. - But I just have so much stuff. - Look, chocolate chip cookie. - You want to put it on a cart, and I can make it look nice? - Yeah, yeah, let's do that. - I'll make it look good. - Oh, those are cute. Both: Hi. Mwah. - What's going on? Hi, teresa. - How are you? - Good. That's nice that you gave the gift baskets. - Yeah, it's good for the ladies, right? [funky music] - oh, you guys made it. - Hi. - Hi. I went and got all, like, toiletries. - That's really nice. - Hi. - Hi. ♪ ♪ - okay, I want to introduce you. This is rosie. - Hi, I'm margaret. Nice to meet you. - These two are very good friends. Both of them are victims of domestic violence. - Oh. - Yeah, this one, she's been through a lot. - You know, I was on my own since I was 16. You know, I had a boyfriend put his hands on me. I didn't want my daughter to see me that way. So I got into a shelter, and that's when I met rosie. And rosie helped me through a lot. - [voice breaking] you did the right thing. But you're so strong, and you're making a better way for your kids. You guys are amazing moms... And amazing women. You know, as a mom, to do whatever they had to do to protect their children is so inspirational and amazing. I just have such respect for them and every woman in this room. - But I see you both looking and go, because they reason I have these people here are because of you. - I was. - I know, jahnee, I know. [laughter] ♪ ♪ - how are you? What's your name? Hi, I'm melissa. Nice to meet you, sweetie. Hi, honey. What's your name? You're joseph? Will you let me hold him? Hi, cutie pie. - Are you gonna get any of the treatments done? - Yeah. - I know. Why don't you get something? Go ahead, I'll watch the baby for you. [squealing] you little cutie. [laughs] ♪ ♪ - who's this man-boy? - Oh, this is joseph. - Oh, my goodness, you have the prettiest little hands I've ever seen. - So jennifer couldn't come today because she's in turkey, huh? - Yeah, she's in turkey. - So she went out there for her brother's engagement? - Yeah. You know, I guess it's their culture. They knew each other two weeks, and now they're getting engaged. - Okay, that's a little crazy. - But you know what the culture is-- they don't sleep with each other, and you get to know each other when you marry them. - What happens if was a dud the night of their, you know? - You're right-- if she's old school, she would stay with him. - That's a life of torture. Getting engaged after two weeks when you've never, ever had sex. That's a little crazy, no? - But you kind of know. - Teresa... - I mean, my father said when he met my mom, he knew. My parents got married after three months. I think jennifer thought that he was never gonna get married, 'cause he's 45. - Okay, so this was like, last licks? Like, you know, marry this guy now, or it's ----ing over. - But they did fall for each other. She's leaving her whole family and moving here from turkey. - Oh, come on, he met her in turkey? She could be mail-order. [laughing] - I don't know. No. Margaret's definitely being judgmental. You don't know her brother, you don't know his fiancée. It's not right to talk about people's family like that. - [laughing] just kidding. - Coming up... [all cheering and ululating] - by this time next year, we could have a baby on the way. Maybe, just saying. No pressure. [exciting music] - let me see. Did you get your nails done? - Yeah. - Yeah. - Nice. - Good boy. Good boy. - I'm gonna hang here with jeremiah. Can I hang here with you? Cool, buddy. - Hi, everybody--is everyone enjoying themselves? All: Yes. - I'm so happy, 'cause that's what I wanted for everyone today. I'm so proud of everybody for taking strives to get out of your situation and better yourselves. - See, look at all them heads. Look, they all nodding. - And I said, "you know what? Each and every one of you are ready to just let it all pass and move on. And that's probably one of the hardest things for someone to do. When you're in a shelter, you've hit rock bottom. And my heart goes out to them for that. You are enough. You were enough before, and you're enough now. I come from a family of five children, parents, 28 first cousins, friends, and I know if I needed them, in a second, they were there. These women don't have that. But still, they pick themselves up and move on and try to get to the next chapter of their lives. These women are brave. They're inspirational. They have more strength than most people I meet. So you don't need anybody to help you build it. You'll build it again. So everybody enjoy yourselves, and thank you. My friends here all got together and made you these beautiful gift bags. - Here you go. Open it up, I'm gonna give you some makeup. It's got, like, some toiletries and stuff, too. You want some of this stuff? - Dolores, it's so kind of you to make an event like this. This is amazing. - It's so nice all my friends-- - yeah, no, it is nice. - That you all came. I really appreciate it. - Thank you for having us. - But anyway, we were--dolores and I were facetiming with jen earlier. You know she's in turkey? - Yeah, she's in turkey for her brother's engagement... - Engagement party, yep. - Hi, jen. - Is today the engagement party? Give us the down-low-- if she's gonna be a good sister-in-law. Well, trust me, all sister-in-laws are nice in the beginning, then they turn on you. - [laughs] - I don't think she's so happy with me. - Jennifer's mad at you about the article. - She's still upset. - It can look like you're judgmental on her parenting. Maybe if you would have explained it to her before it came out... - No way, because I set that up as-- here's a woman who gives her children everything, and her kids turned out great. "'when kids come here, they never want to leave,' my friend proudly announced." - beautiful, that's a compliment. - "which, I'm also guilty of buying "my kids a lot of gifts, so I'm not faulting "my friend for her generosity. "I just hope that her children remain the sweet kids that I met at the door." that's it, there was nothing bad in there. - Well, I'm sure you'll have the chance to tell her. - When is she coming back? 'cause then I could-- - I think she might come home tomorrow. - I think I'll call her. Maybe I'll text her. - Yeah, that would be nice. - I feel like I just had these conversations about you. [laughter] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [indistinct chatter] ♪ ♪ - [speaking turkish] hi. [giggling] hi. Hi. The promise of engagement is actually a lot different than what we have here in america, which is, like, the groom getting down on one knee and proposing. In our tradition, there's only one person in the relationship that be going on knees. Anyway... For our culture, when you get married, the families marry each other. And, like, we get as many family members as we can to go to the party, because it shows the "unitedness" of the family bond. - I love your earrings. - I love my earrings, too. [laughs] ♪ ♪ since my uncle is the oldest from our side, we have to give respect to the older community, and he's the one that's gonna do the official asking for the girl's hand in marriage. Melda and my brother have already chosen to be together. So this is just more of a fun tradition. You know, sometimes the bride's family will play a little, like, you know, hard to get. And be like, "well..." and it's all a joke, and everybody gets it. It's just a lot of fun. [applause] different to american culture, where the bride would accept her proposal, in our culture, it's the bride's father. [applause] [all cheering and ululating] traditionally, for celebration, we do the chanting-- [ululating] it's only middle eastern culture that has it, and we love it. Like, the more kid-di-dis, the better. [laughter] [cork pops] oh, "champaña"! Let's party! [all ululating] [upbeat dance music] ♪ ♪ maybe by this time next year, we could have a baby on the way. Maybe, just saying. Fingers crossed. No pressure. You can't touch her till you're married. No, baby, you got to buy the cow, sweetheart. [laughing] - coming up... The other day, we were at dolores's event, and then margaret's like, "oh, my god. "how do you get engaged like that? She's like a mail-order bride." [dramatic music] [easygoing music] - girls, start getting ready for dance! And then nonno will take you! - Mommy! - Yeah, let me see. Oh, my god, I wish I could do that. Wait, can you not do that right here, please, please, please, please? Please don't do that! Okay, good. That scares me. I don't want you to break your beautiful nose. - [laughing] - dolores and jennifer's coming over. Oh, you know what I should do? I want them to try our homemade eggplant. - You met jennifer at the communion, remember? - Yeah. [knocking at door] - uh-oh, she's here. [dog barks] okay, coming. All right. - Hi. - Hi, sweetie. - How are you, honey? - How are you? - How you doing? - Hi. It's so nice to see you. I miss you guys. - This is bella. Hi, bella. - I got you something from turkey. - Thank you. - A little souvenir. - Oh, my god, this is so pretty. It matches my house. Look at it. - It does. It matches your house. Your house is beautiful. - Thank you. - Papa, say hi to jennifer. - Hi. He's very cute. He reminds me of my father. - So he's gonna take audriana to dance. - That's great. - Yes, and gia will pick her up. [knock at door] dolores is here. Hi. - Hi. How are you? - Well, hello. Hi, bella. You're so cute. - Bella likes to greet everybody at the door. - Hi. How are you? Skinny, look at you. - No, I actually gained-- - wow. - Oh, look, me and my dad made homemade sausage and peppers. - Oh, nice. - Do you eat it? - No. - You don't even taste it? - No. - Like, how do you not even just taste a little bit? When I was in turkey, I ate everything in sight. - You look great. - I know, I can't wait to hear all about the engagement party. She was texting me at, like, 3:00 in the morning. - That was the night of the party, though. It was so great. So, basically, we did a promise of an engagement. They rented out a private room in a restaurant. Really delicious food. And my brother's fiancée decorated it really nice. Everything was black and white. - That's beautiful. - Really nice. - Like, it sounds like it's so much arranged. - It's not arranged, it's more like setting up, but as in for marriage. - Right. - You don't force anybody to get married. - And if you don't like each other, then it's a no. - No, if you don't like each other, then it's a no. - The other day, we were at dolores's event. And then margaret's like, "oh my god. How do you get engaged like that?" what's that one? "she's like a mail-order bride." - "mail-order bride." that's very insensitive. Margaret is just a sh-- talker. She's the one calling me out on something in oklahoma. Country music? What a ----ing snore. - Seriously? You have the worst manners I think I've ever seen. - She's the one who's offensive, but, you know, that just goes to show you how ignorant she is. Listen, margaret is obviously very liberal. She puts it all out there about her cheating scandal. If I ever lived anything like that, I would not be proud of it. - You know, people are very judgmental. - [scoffs] in this group? Hell, yeah. Jackie put an article saying-- "can we spoil our children?" and then using me as the example. - But I feel bad, 'cause she was so good at my event. - She apologized to me. - Okay, so that's a step forward. - She was like, "I'm so sorry, I didn't think it was gonna hurt you in any way." but you know what? Jackie was a little out of line. She should have never said what she said. I mean, in this group, kids and husbands are off-limits. - Well, I think it's safe to say that the three of us here understand a lot of old-school values. And the other side of the group maybe doesn't. - Right. - It's not easy to find women with the same old-school values and thinking that you have. So, when you kind of find that, you gravitate more towards it, and you want to hang on to it. Did you get a text from her yesterday to go to a wine tasting? - I did, I got the text last night. I was coming back from turkey, so I didn't respond right away. But I'm definitely gonna come to the wine tasting, because there's no way I'm not going to address this with her. I'm gonna let her understand where I'm coming from, because I think at the end of the day, this is not done. Jackie thinks she's got a way with words, well, I got a few choice words for her. She'll think twice before she messes with me or anyone in my family ever again. Trust me on that. - So, anyway, this was so nice. Thank you so much. - This was delicious. - Thank you guys for coming. - This was so great. This is such a nice welcome-home for me. - And wait, when you leave my house, make sure you don't write a story about me. [laughter] - you know better than that. - Next time on "the real housewives of new jersey"... - Oh, my god. - ♪ I can't wait to grow up ♪ ♪ mama said it ain't easy ♪ ♪ but I don't care, so what? ♪ [cheering] - who the (bleep) are you to come into my home and use that as content for an article about spoiled children? - I'm not gonna apologize for you being paranoid, jennifer! - I can't relate to people who have affairs with married people. - Wow. Wow. - Danielle said margaret told her that we shouldn't be trusted. - Did she say that? - No, I didn't say that. - You did say that. - No, you have a way of twisting things, and that's why I can't associate with you. [dramatic music] - to learn more about "the real housewives," 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 