Static Shock: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Static Shock 
 s2e9 - Attack of the Living Brain Puppets - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Static Shock (2000–2004): Season 2, Episode 9 - Attack of the Living Brain Puppets - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Down .. Down... Perfect! -How's that? -Vote for me. See? Did you see what Heather's handing out? Oh, that is so cute! Can you believe it Joey Bombora is running. I'd vote for him anytime! [Laughter] Uh oh.. here comes Madelyn. Oh please, little miss perfect Hi, my name is Madelyn and I'm running for freshman class president! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Would you sign my petition for.. Madelyn Spaulding, could you Ahh That was such an easy morning patrol I still have 15 minutes before class starts Hello Hi Oh.. see.. I lost a book.. which is uh..why I'm back here Hello My name is Madelyn Spaulding Madelyn I know We're in the same homeroom Then you may also know that I'm running for freshman president! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Good for you! Well I better And if elected, I will do all I can to make Dakota Union a school of which everyone can be proud In fact I've drawn up a description of my platfrom that includes 32 issues Item one, uniforms! Madelyn To keep distractions.. such as inappropriate clothing or social pressures from negatively impacting the educational environment [whisle] Gotta run! but... I didn't finish explaining One signature down... 49 to go. argh. [banging] Come one! Your new morning workout? No!.. this peice of junk is.. busted again! Back off "De La Hoya" Let me try [Static electricity noise] A gentle jump start and away.. [Laughter] Yeah, that fixed it! Man, those machines have been funky all year! But does the school repair them? No! "I'm sorry Mr. Folly, that is a low priority item" [Laughter] For them maybe Maybe we should tell Madelyn Spaulding to add it to her campaign platform That control freak?! Last week she came up to me at launch and critized the way I was chewing Hey maybe you should run for president You know.. on a fix the snack machines crusade hmm That's not a bad idea And as a bonus I get to give Miss high and mighty Madelyn a little competition Deal ! Are tired of snack machines that don't work? Are you hungry for change and.. maybe a burrito? Then vote for Richie Folly Your next freshman class president That's right fellow students No longer will we go without our chips, our soda's, our cream filled treats! Excuse me "Fix the vending machines"? You call that a platform? He already has enough signatures to qualify as a candidate He does? You do? Yup Which means it's gonna be one mighty tight race between me and Joey Bombora Really.. Well.. Well then.. We'll just see about that mister! And uh.. How's your sign up going? None of your beez wax... [groans in pain] Hey you okay? just.. peachy.. thank you [groans in pain] What up? Did she eat the meat-loaf I'm not sure Darn that Richie Folly I should be president! Not him! And not Joey Bombora! ME! I deserve it! It's just spite, jealousy and [groan in pain] Excuse me, Mr. Homeless Person My name is Madelyn Spaulding And I'm writting an essay for extra credit on the poverty stricken population in Dakota Therefore I'd like to ask you a few What in the world? [coughing] [coughing] Eww [Coughing] Ugh, I can't believe Mr Lawller gave us a quiz [In spanish] Yo odeo esta cafeteria e la comeda Oh There's Brian! He is such a hottie! She's looking at my zit! I know she is I hope they don't beat me up again Hey Spaulding You got a problem? Yeah, her problem is nobody is gonna vote for her! [laugh] Why don't you both buzz off?! Huh? buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz... buzz, buzz, buzz ugh! I can control them! Okay people quiet down. We have alot of speeches to hear today ahh no, no, no wait Give me carmol corn.. or give me death! Uhh Better fed than read? huh? Um how about.. Let my people snack! Hey, Richie my man, how's it going? Um, fine? Uh You know we're running against each other? Yeah? Well.. uh Good luck! You could actually win this thing Come on he's a nice guy But hes not smart enough to be president Never stopped anybody before And now the candidates for freshman class president up first Is Joey Bombora [Clapping] [Joey! Joey! Joey!] Joey penny for your thoughts What's going on there? Mr Bombora We're waiting Fellow students I no longer wish to be freshman president so i withdraw my name And ask you to suppor the only candidate who deserves your vote Madelyn Spaulding! V check this out.. Not so fast Richard. Time to get in your brain Hey what going on? you.. you're Interesting! [laughing] Richie what's with you man. You're suppose to be on stage I heard Madelyn Well yeah, she was just here talking to you. No bro listen... It wasn't her talking, it was like She was inside my head I mean it V Madelyn Spraulding was rummaging inside my head trying to change me into a.. a brain puppet Brain puppet? Drone, mindslave, whatever! When you showed up, your energy field must have caused some kind of feedbackand stopped her Richie you've definetly been watching too much science fiction Bro, I heard her thoughts! She plans to turn every student here into a zombie Look If Madelyn had brain control powers do you honestly think she would waste time taking over a high school No.. really, you are too kind Thank you. Thank you very much We are in trouble.. Yes? Well lookie here Virgil Hawking spack off extrodinare actually hitting the books? Mr all school merit scholar. Mr I don't need to study Mr. What are you reading? These are my psycology books I know sorry I need to learn about how the mind works I case you ever get one? Come on! I won't hurt them! Then maybe next time you'll ask before you just grab my stuff! Please Sherran Some of the kids at school have been acting weird I'm trying to figure out why Go on I figure maybe its drugs or a virus Something in the water Or somebody with telepathy Say what! Well theres this girl Madelyn Kind of a pain Anyway she's running against richie for class president Only Richie thinks she's a bang baby who turn people in to brain puppets Brain Puppets? [Laughter] Okay, I know it sounds crazy Brain puppets? Oh Virgil you've diffenitly been watching too much science fiction Oh yeah.. Well.. Well.. That's what I told Richie! Sleep well Virgil Hawkings Not! I have got to stop eating jalepenos before bed time Virgil Hawkings! Me? See you've got it all wrong. I'm static Now Virgil you can't fool me I know all about you Your static powers may protect you But there are other ways to keep you from ruining my campaign What do you mean? You'll see Just a dream They are all brain puppets Heyyah family up kind of late aren't you uh huh Listen, I'm just gonna go down stairs for.. you ok? You aren't going anywhere Virgil Sis, Pops? Ok, bad choice of words You realize this is gonna ruin your chances of making father of the year! You two okay in there? [zombie groans] Wait! Stop, snap out of it! Madelyn Spaulding has taken over your brains Rich am I glad to see you You where right! It's Madelyn She even got to Pops and Sherran We gotta do something Oh no, Richie! You too? Sorry about this bro Richie I promise you'll be alright I'll check you later Okay.. Think I better get this on tape Hello My name is Madelyn Spaulding And I am running for freshman class president Hell-loo Yay Some of us are destined for greatness It's a gift But it's also a burden Especially if no one else appreciates that greatness This could go on a while -Everybody is so mean and not doing there jobs so that the really great people and never get any thanks or invited to sleepovers or anything! Only now it's gonna be different Tomorrow you will all vote for me As president of the freshman class And if that goes well.. Why stop with freshman I could run the school I could be the president of Everybody! Woah there Madam President I demand a recount! What are you doing here -Shutting you down lady I have your whole crazy speech on tape Your cover is blown Well so is yours I'm gonna tell the whole world That Static is really Virgil Hawkings I'm still gonna shut you down Attention students This is your presidnet speaking Get me that super hero! And his little tape too [Laughing] [screaming] I have no power and no way out.. Except past them Come on Come one Aww Yeah Staaaaa tic Richie? Yes, Richie And the varcity football team You may as well give me that video tape If you show it to the police I would just take their minds too From now on.. I'm the boss!! Oh Yeah? Well you're not the boss of me Am too -Am not -Am too -Am not Hold him You will do as I command No I won't! How'd I'd end up at school? Why are we out here in our underwear Nice nighty Ruth! Take a hike wezel face I'm so embarassed What happened Hello I'm Madelyn Spaulding I'm running for class.... Let's just say that Madelyn and me had a little meeting of the minds Okay okay settle down My fellow Americans Opps sorry wrong speech This was a very close race Thanks to you The faculty knows that we will not rest until the vending machine crisis gets resolved And thanks to my opponent Joey Bombora Who will take up the issue during the next term as the freshman class Come on out Joey Great concession speech man Very Classy Hey, I'm a born politician And speaking of politicians whats up with her royal weirdness Madelyn Well static peaked in on her this morning She took quite the zap to the head She's gonna be alright Does she remember who Static is? She doesn't even remember shes a meta Lets just hope it stays that way V I gotta hand it to you It must'a been pretty scary when she had us all under her control Not to mention having everyone turn against you yesss. it was V? ..must eat meat.. Hamburger Yes... hamburger and fries 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 