Static Shock: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Static Shock 
 s1e1 - Shock to the System - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Static Shock (2000–2004): Season 1, Episode 1 - Shock to the System - full transcript 
 A boy, Virgil, gains electrical based super powers after exposure to a strange gas. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles by Synchrofusion Speed it up we don't have all night Why you sweating me dude? The guards are on ice the alarms shut off Everythings covered What the heck is up with that? You mean "what up with that" Either you slang properly or don't use it at all It's a kid on a flying man-hole I don't care if it's Aladin on his flying carpet! Get Him! Metal weapons and dumb thugs 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 How easy does it get? Like turning on lights in a roach motel That's my taser punch Shocking isn't it? I got him dupe Okay you got me off guard I'm new at this so sue me Not that I've got a curfew or anything.. but I've really got to wrap this up Stick around fellas You've got company Piece of cake with frosting and sprinkles My first bad guy beat down and I hardly broke a sweat Hard to believe just a few days ago I was the last person you'd call hero material #Check me out now will ya I've got the looks that fill ya# 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 #If ya down I'll fell ya# Coming up like weeds Hey puff daddy you're taking a lot of time for guy with only five wiskers At least I'm growing mine on purpose! Just hurry up And give your little weak rapping a rest Don't forget your dog collar! Ruff! Sisters! Agh Dang static electricity Isn't it time we got some hardwood floors people Sorry son, I'm in a hurry this morning I feel you pops Got a big day in front of me myself Big Big, big I'm taking my friendship with Frida to another level Gonna ask her to homecoming What she ever do to you? What's this? An egg smoothy? You know that just the way momma made em. Funny, I don't remember needing a straw to eat hers Come on Virgil your sister went through all this trouble Least you could do is given them a try Humph Momma if you listening... I could use some help here [phone rining] Hello? Heey Teddy Yeah I really liked that lecture last night Tonight? You mean a real date? Let me check my schedule Of course I have a schedule! No I don't have a little black book It's baysly Good looking out moms Fluffy egg goodness! V Man! Richie! Is today gonna be that day or what? You mean me and Frida? Of course, today is the day Man its on! Yo, yo, Heres your chance bro Let me hear that stron rap you're gonna drop on her Well Frida... We've known each other for a long time now and I was wonder if you do me the honor Snoore Do me the honor? Man you sound like a form letter That's not gonna cut with... Hey! Frida Hey Guys Guess what. Mr Mcdonald said we could put up the decorations early this year Cool. Eyy look at me gotta go Good luck with your um.. test Where were you this weekend Virigil I've been dying to talk to you about homecoming -Really Yeah I took your advice You know Eddie the quater back I heard he wanted to take me to the dance But Dave also left a message! And Cleo said Seth Grey wanted my phone number Isn't it wild I'm juggling three hotties! You know Frida.. Hot isn't everything In some circles wit and umm off beat charm still count for alot. In fact... I was wondering if you would do me the honor -Hey Frida Looking Good You smell good too You need to brush up on body language 101 Her's says not in this life time Let's see if your face can understand what my fist is saying Yo. I know you're not sweating my man Virgil Frances Nah Wade, we was just playing Here Virg Catch you later Virgil Tangling with F Stop are you crazy? The dude makes Norman Bates look like Mr. Rogers Tell me something I don't know If it wasn't for Wade I'd be looking for a good plastic surgen right now If any more static breaks out between you and F Stop You know I got your back Thanks man, peace! -And Out If only he knew Kong Fu I'm picking up where I left off Chum Come on guys Can't we do this later fellas? Beatdowns just don't feel right without lockers and dim school lighting Virgil the jokester Laugh your way out of this funny man F Stop Wade and his Homie headin our way You'll be seeing more of me believe that Ah Wade.. I had them just where I wanted them man Meet me under the stone bridge in a half half hour? but But I gotta meet pops in a half hour - In a half "Say sun where were you this after noon"? Well dad the nice gangbangers invited me for tea and cookies "Son don't you know that bangers are dangerous"? With all do respect dad... Well duh! Gee it's so nice out, its a shame to be indoors Welcome to our crib Virgil -Cozy This place should be on that show "This Old Warehouse" I like you Virgil you funny, and your smart But keeping Frances off your butt takes up too much of my time I never asked you to do that Wade Hear that? Dissing Wade, must be crazy Punk Frances is looking for street cred young brother One day he's gonna catch you out there and I won't be around Sick dude like him, who know what  he'll do then Gee, I was hoping he'd get bored of me and go terrorize a (?) This is no joke Virgil There's only one way your gonna save your skin Roll with my crew -Me? You don't want me I'm only 14 and I'm too stringy to be a banger Don't front Virgil Im offering you life insurance Join up and F Stop will back off quickly He ain't looking to tangle with this possy I feel what you're saying But it's my pops He's got a tini little problem with gangs And I'm too young to be homeless Your Pops gonna watch your back all day? He's gonna bet on F Stop for you? Always said you were smart Virgil Don't Prove me wrong now Football injury huh? -Yes sir Two things, One since when do you play football without a helment And two, since when does your narrow behind play football at all Who asked you miss nosy Pops can I be excused I'm really sore -Sure Son Come on dad, Football? -He'll talk about it when he's ready [ringing] Hello Tell me its not true. Tell me you didn't join Wades crew Were'd you hear that?! It's all over Virg.Its like they want everyone to know But I didn't... not exactly I mean, I didn't say yes I just sort of nodded like I was thinking on it. Geez Virgil your mom died from gang fire -Don't you think I know that? What am I gonna do? I got the F problem big time -Yeah now you go the Wade problem too. He's gonna expect favors man Okay, okay, I'll squash this Tell him there's been a misunderstanding Maybe I can be a banger water boy or something Hold on I got incoming Hello... Meet us at the docks, now Gate 10 we're taking care of your  problem tongiht Wade... Wade! Terrific Hello? Keep your mouth shut What's going on? There's gonna be a major throw down tonight with all of the major crews in the city Wade, we gotta talk Shush look Time to go the permanent route little bro. This way Oww man. I've stepped into it big this time. Virgil? This is gonna be fun Freeze! You are in a restricted area Drop all weapons and step into the open [screaming] What's going on? Grab your mask I'm home I'm alive Dang static electricity! Down boy Don't slam the doors -Yes sir Dad's razor... its possessed I'm a human fuse box [ringing] I got it, I got it Hello? Virgil, what happened You are gonna trip Meet me in the auto junk yard ASAP, bye Say what? Virgil! Yo, Virgil! I'm worried about his butt and he's rushing me off the phone Tell me that's not cool - How the hell did you.. There was this explosion last night.  There was this gas It changed me Richie, check it out Double wow No more asking my pops to borrow his card dude Uh, you don't even drive yet V Whatever. Oh, and I really like this! Talk about your static cling V man you could so be a super hero I could, Couldn't I Come on V, we gotta get you some gear! Not your best look chicken legs Alright, now this is just embarassing Eh, you look like a battery commercial. Next! We've got ourselves a winner And that's pretty much how it all began We need a ladder Guess I should ground them The new lab computers Those lights go over there Hey, I though Virgil was coming? He had to uh.. get his VCR fixed you know  how it flashes 12 o Clock, 12 o Clock .. that.. check it out! Special delivery I had business at the warehouse and look what I found Who are you? The names Static I put a "shock" to your system Good line I see you've still got some work to do. Fortaunetly I'm what you call an all purpose superhero It's beautiful Not as beautiful as the sight I see. My "sherie" Why isn't this easy for Virgil? See ya He's a natural It's getting worse. They keep mutating Is the hazmat team here yet? He's burning up! [sinister laughter] What a trip This is gonna be fun! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 