The Paradise: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Paradise 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Paradise (2012–2013): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 A year has passed, Lord Glendenning has died and Moray is working in Paris. Recently married to the philandering Tom Weston, who has a young daughter Flora, Katherine, now owner of the Paradise, summons Moray to return and revitalize the store, which is losing trade. On arrival back he proposes to Denise, who is still employed at the Paradise, and Audrey proposes to Edmund. New staff number shop-girl Susy and store-man Nathaniel, the former in love with the latter, unaware that he is a saboteur for Fenton, a rival tradesman seeking to buy the Paradise. Katherine is aware that Weston also wants the sale and urges Moray to make a success of the grand reopening. Suspicious of Nathaniel's actions, Denise exposes him, leading to his dismissal and a hugely profitable first day under Moray's management. Seeing its potential Weston calls off his deal with Fenton. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MORAY: 'Paris, my sweet, 'is thoroughly French in every way. 'We do business over coffee and cognac the day long 'and everyone is in a race to dream up fashions 'still more daring than were worn yesterday. 'I brought back silks from Tangier 'and, in no time, they were in the window of the Bon Marche 'as the most audacious gowns I've set my eyes upon. 'But the Bon Marche is not The Paradise. 'Paris is not home. 'And you, my love... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'are not here.' Cafe. Merci. 'I want to promise you that the time will come when we are together. 'Just to write down those words makes the day more bearable. 'Never forget, my love, 'everything I do is so that we can be together again. 'I want to feel your breath on my face, 'I want to feel your eyes gazing at me, 'I want to feel my senses with you.' Come on, lads, slackers to the front. I want every one of these boxes inside before any one even thinks about a cup of tea. Looks like a lot of boxes, Mr Dudley. There's Royalty in these crates, Sam. Royalty is sure to sell, sir. Sam! I was just about to catch it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you, Mr Nathaniel. Susy... 'I work hard to fill the time to make possible what we are waiting for. 'I tell myself that I would only be apart from you for today, 'that it is as much as I can bear, my love.' Um...Denise. Thank you. Girls, girls... are we trying to vitalise custom in the store or are we contented to expend our energy on tittle-tattle the day long? Our order book was once bursting with commissions! Now, look at it! Yes. Well. We endeavour. Now more than ever, we must strive if The Paradise is to survive. Is it me or is she starting to talk in rhymes? How is Moray? He's back in Paris now. But he misses...all of us. Misses The Paradise. And The Paradise misses him. Oh! That's most impressive, Mr Dudley. Chantilly lace flounce, jet beading, lined with burgundy silk. As worn by Princess Alexandra. We have 200 of them. Isn't that rather a lot, Mr Dudley, sir? We must sell every one of them. If we don't restore the fortunes of The Paradise, then Lord Glendenning will go ahead with the sale to the Fenton Brothers. We're running out of time. If you were looking for someone to model one of them beauties in the store, Mr Dudley, I would be willing to wear one of them and nothing else. Perhaps put on me best drawers for modesty. We need to attract customers, Myrtle, not frighten them off. Dumplings is ready. I have extensive advertising placed in the newspapers announcing the arrival of the Royal Cape tomorrow. Let's be sure we take our chance, it may be our last. We must have a display of capes right by the entrance. Oh, splendid idea, Mr Dudley, sir, but aren't ladies' capes, strictly speaking, meant to be in Ladieswear? We can put some by the door and then create a trail of them leading all the way up to Ladieswear. Yes, we have 200 of them, we should let them flow through the whole store. Oh, marvellous. Perhaps, at the end of this cascade of capes, we could have Her Royal Highness herself waiting to take your order. I hear she's available. Is she really? Sam, I hope you're taking this business seriously. Me, sir? I assure you this is no caper. BANGING What is that sound? WATER RUNNING Oh! Oh, no! Quickly! All the capes! Oh, quickly! All the capes! Get a towel! Get a towel! Get the capes! Get the capes out the way! No! No! That's it. As surely as I stand here, we have lost. Perhaps, we can try cleaning them up, some of them are... Maybe the ones at the bottom aren't quite so badly damaged... Please don't. Seems no matter what I try, it comes to grief. You can't help thinking this place is cursed. Susy, don't say that. Superstition won't help us. This wasn't an accident. You think someone deliberately cut it? She's right. Why should this be the pipe that breaks, right here, by the boxes? Ooh, I'd rather believe witchery than imagine someone who works here would do the likes of this. Aye, see it there. Thank you, Arthur. Monsieur? Merci. Merci. Denise! Moray is coming back. I don't understand! He's been summoned. I don't understand it either. Summoned by who? A telegram from Lord Glendenning's agent. Moray is on his way. There! See! What is on Mr Nathaniel's plate is what I call a portion. What is on my plate...makes me hungry just to look at it. Mr Nathaniel has responsibilities. He needs fortifying. Myrtle, you've always favoured the handsome men. She favours the bosses, that's what. You might have to fight to keep your sweetheart, Susy. I shan't be fighting with Myrtle while there's custard on the stove. Denise, did you have a word with Mr Dudley about me getting a position out front? Ah, I didn't find a moment. I can cast off swearing, I bloody swear it. THEY CHUCKLE Mr Dudley told me that Moray is coming back. Oh, now, there's a cause to make a woman wash her knickers. Myrtle, must every sentence that passes your lips be a vulgarity? This is my kingdom, Miss Audrey, and I am queen of it. Well, if he's coming back, what does it mean? Are they bringing him back to run the store? I suppose so, yes. Then, all is well with the world. When has Mr Moray ever come up short? Apart from the time he lost everything, that is. Sorry, Denise. How are you feeling about it, Denise? Delighted, of course. This will be worth seeing. The scandal. What a rumpus there will be. Sorry, Denise. But I'll say this - Mr Moray will put the fight back into this place. He's only a man. And I am cured of men. Cured of men? A woman might as well be cured of breathing. They are beautiful creatures. Mwah! Even the beasts. If ever a man needed a hat. Mr Dudley, sir. Miss Glendenning. It is Mrs Weston now, Dudley. May I say how delightful it is to be here and to be greeted by you. Might I enquire, Ma'am, the...mourning? My father passed away. My condolences, Ma'am. Your tenderness is greatly appreciated, Dudley. Let me introduce my husband, Mr Tom Weston. Tom, this is Dudley. He has been taking care of things for us. Mr Weston, sir. Every day surrounded by women. I don't know whether to envy you or pity you. THEY CHUCKLE Look at this place. I should like to explore. Perhaps you might be so kind as to escort me? You will find us happy to oblige, sir. Flora, my darling, I want you to meet your new friends. Flora is Mr Weston's daughter. Our daughter now. My dearest, you may take a look at the many treasures the store has whilst I speak with Mr Dudley. Perhaps one of the girls might show you around. Denise? I, I would be... Yes, of course, Ma'am. Miss Flora? Sir, if you'd like to follow me. Mrs Weston... Where would you like to go first, sir? We've got Menswear... Ladieswear? Furnishings? Why don't we start below stairs? How pleasant it is to be in this room again. We all of us enjoyed such splendid times here. I cannot tell you how already it helps to assuage my grief. Ma'am, I feel obliged to tell you that I wrote to your father. Yes, I know. Lord Glendenning advised me, his agent sent a telegram, informing me that Moray is to return. That is not so. Ma'am, I assure you, I have the telegram. It was not at my father's bidding. It was mine. With my father passing, I have taken on the responsibility for the estate. Myself and my husband, of course. Of course. Then, it is not your intention to sell, Ma'am? Your faith and dedication, Dudley, during a most difficult time, has been... well, all that I might expect from a man of your esteem. I realise that events of a year ago will cause no little consternation, but it will pass. It is not a flogging offence for a woman to abandon her wedding plans. My father was intent on selling. I am, shall we say... ..more open-minded on the matter? Tell me about Denise. What do you want to know about her, sir? The way she was looking at my wife, just now, she was frightened. Your wife is Katherine Glendenning. We are all afraid of her. Why do you suppose I asked you to escort me, Clara? Ooh, my fine cheek bones? Apart from your lovely bones. You're not fearful of my wife. Everyone else had their eyes on Katherine... ..your eyes were fixed on Denise. You are quite the spy, sir. If I may be permitted to ask, sir, we are all wondering - if The Paradise is to be sold, why has Mr Moray been recalled? Oh, we are indeed selling. That much is certain. KNOCK ON DOOR I thought that when I saw you, it would be the same as it was, but it's not. Of course, it's not. It's so much better! I thought I would hold you and kiss you and that would be enough. Oh, when I look at you, when I feel your eyes on me, I... Denise, will you marry me? Marry me now! John... ..it was Katherine who arranged for your return. Answer my question. Why would she bring you back? She's married now. Then, that is her reason. Katherine has found her own happiness. We no longer matter to her. You don't believe that any more than I do. I know that nothing is ever as it appears with Katherine, but whatever it is she's doing, it means I can come back to The Paradise. She seemed...I don't know, calm. I want to say kind. It frightened me. I fear she'll send you away again. She will never again come between us. I promise you, Denise, I have prayed for this. To be here with you. If Katherine wants me to work in her store, as her manager, I will smile and do it. But every day, I will be plotting to take back what is mine, what I've spent my life building. What was stolen from me. You haven't answered my question. Thank you, darling, for coming to live in this house. It means so much to me. Flora will love it here, I'm sure. As I did as a girl. Why did you wait until the day of the wedding to call off your marriage to Moray? It was such a cruel business. But I do not regret what I did. I wouldn't be here with you if I hadn't come to my senses. You haven't answered my question. Why was it on the very day of the wedding that you withdrew? My father warned me many times that I was being foolish. I persisted in denying him. It was only when I was truly facing a life with a man I could not love that I saw the recklessness of what I was about to do. Aren't you tired after such a day? I am enjoying being here with you. But you are tired. You should go to bed. Perhaps I am a little weary. Why did you not tell me that you've recalled Moray? Oh, did I not? I'm sorry. Everything has happened so quickly. Heavens. Perhaps the grief has stricken me more than I care to admit. But if that place is to be disposed of... ..why would you want him back here? I know why you're here. You want to come in as partner in my shop, start again. Lovett and Moray. Notice the order of the names. No, no, that's not why I've come back, Edmund. You have to admit, there's a certain poetry to it. You, the little fella, fighting against that giant over there. I have missed you, Edmund. Oh, well... if you've got nowhere else to stay, you can spend the night here. I never thought I'd hear myself say those words. I should get back. Moray? I didn't know, no-one did. Mr Dudley just said he received a telegram. It would s-seem they want to outmanoeuvre us. They have brought him b-back to intimidate us. I will need you to act on my behalf again, Nathaniel. Mr Fenton, sir, you promised me there'd be no more, that we were finished with this deception. Do you suppose I have worked and planned this p-past year to let them outwit me now? No. Moray will only prosper if we allow him to. I know the man. He will try some ex...extravagant scheme. We will turn it on him and let him devise his own downfall. Susy. What are you doing? If you are caught up here, we'll both be dismissed. Shall we walk out on Sunday? You came up here just to ask me that? Just wanted to see you. I wanted to... I don't know... I couldn't sleep. I wanted to tell you... Yes? Yes, what? Tell me what? Every day, I'm waiting for Sunday to come, so it's just me and you, the whole day. Yes. Just us. What did you want to tell me? I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come up here. I'll see you in the morning. I think he just told me he loves me, but I'm not quite sure. As ever, you are the first into work, Dudley. Still not early enough to arrive before you, Moray. I've missed your jibes. Don't worry, I've been saving them up for you. This is our chance, Dudley. This is what we have worked for. I thought I'd failed you. I never doubted you. We start today. Dudley, I wish to address the staff, all of them, first thing. I'll gather them together before we open the doors. Katherine may own The Paradise, but she will never own me. I don't know how long it will take us, but this will be ours once more. As of today, we will close the store. Sam, put up a sign. We all said you were bound to kick things into life. Close the door, that's the best sales promotion I've ever heard(!) Sam... I have a task especially suited to your gifts, Sam. Modelling fine suits? Charming the daughters of the rich? Gossip. See, we know you better than you think we do. When have I ever been known to gossip? I heard you this morning, in the yard, saying Mr Moray is back, all hell will break loose. Word will travel across the city that I've returned. I need you to add to the ferment. Embellish the story. I'm not sure I know how to embellish, sir. While we are closed, curiosity will grow. I will stay out of sight until we open, but when we do, we must be ready to sell to everyone who's come here to gawp. Oh, and one more thing, we have goods arriving today. Let's fill up the store. What goods, Mr Moray, sir? The likes of which you've never seen before, Arthur. I think he means clean trousers, Arthur. Sorry, Mr Weston, Mrs Weston, we're closed. Under Mr Moray's instructions. But of course, we're open for you, sir. You haven't answered my question. I think that closing the store, making the customers wait, is a very clever notion. Do not tease me, Denise. If we were alone here at night, I would get down onto my knee and ask you like a gentleman, but I am too impatient for that. It's not the most romantic of circumstances. Then let me make it so. I will never leave your side again. I will sweep the streets if it means I can stay here with you. I want every living soul in this city to know that John Moray is the happiest man who ever took breath. If you say you'll marry me, I promise you as much love as a wife can bear. Will you? FOOTSTEPS APPROACH Oh, excuse me, I didn't mean to interrupt. No. It's...it's fine, Clara. What did you want? Er, nothing that can't wait. Please. What did you want to say? Mr Weston has arrived and found the store closed, sir. He's none too happy. Thank you, Clara. Mr Moray, sir, Mr Weston. Mr Weston. I'm glad you've called in on us. The store is closed. Indeed, indeed. It is my intention, sir, to create something of a splash, to reopen with a fanfare... You might have discussed such a radical move with my wife and I. For The Paradise to stand empty might appear as if the whole enterprise is floundering at the very time of our return. Then, let me offer my apologies, sir. It was simply that I wish to act decisively. My staff are used to seeing me run the business in that way and the idea is, in part, to buoy their confidence. Mr Moray's experience, especially after this last year, will be sorely needed, Mr Weston. On my travels, sir, I have gathered all manner of exotica. Exotica? Yes, yes. The most delightful clothes, ornaments... How amusing. Well, I hope it will be more than amusing, sir. Oh, what do I know about managing a department store? I've been a soldier all my life. I understand nothing about... ..hosiery. TOM CHUCKLES My wife has come in to buy dresses. Then, I must offer her my condolences for her bereavement. Oh, let the women be with their trifles. You have business to tend to, Moray. And so do I. This is the best part of the shop. Why, Miss Gle... Mrs Weston, we are fortunate indeed to see you so well, to see you back with us again after, after your travels. Flora and I have decided we would like matching dresses. Perhaps you could have us measured up? Of course. It is our honour to serve you and our delight to see you. May we congratulate you on your marriage? A true blessing. For anyone, all of us, to find such a blessing. To be so blessed. Perhaps one of your girls? Clara. I wish to show no favouritism, but Denise has always served me so well. Yes, of course. Denise? Did you see him? There's nothing in this world like Mr Moray. You just have to look at him, you know all will be well. HE GRUNTS Nathaniel, what is it? There's work to do and the lads are nowhere to be seen, that's all. I wanted to make a good impression on Mr Moray. You will. Of course you will. Mr Dudley's always saying you're the best storeman ever there was. If Mr Moray doesn't see it, then I will tell him myself. Flora's quite taken with you, Denise. She's a sweet girl, Ma'am. One can never guess at the turns of fate. How could I imagine a year ago I would be here now, like this, a ten-year-old child under my care, to love. She will want to visit the store regularly, I'm sure. Will you look after her for me? If that is what you want, Ma'am. Denise, I must apologise to you. To me, Ma'am? When we last spoke, I...I was not quite myself. The circumstances, there was considerable confusion. It was only when I admitted to myself that I could not possibly marry Moray, that I did not love him, that I realised that I meant you no harm. Do you see? Yes, Ma'am. It was a ridiculous notion to believe that I could marry a storekeeper. To be at war with a shopgirl. I am so glad to see that you are still here with us. Mama? Yes, Flora, my darling? There's enough stuff to fill the store. We shall do just that, Sam. And there is a tale for every treasure. We will build up the fervour, Moray is back - how will he face the world after such a scandal? They will come to gape, but they will stay to shop. The price was agreed with Lord Glendenning's agent. But that was the value when the store was in decline. What I propose is to sell The Paradise reinvigorated. Is that why you brought M-Moray back? To squeeze a b-better offer out of me? It would be a weakling man who did not seek a fair price for his assets. A businessman of your stature will surely appreciate that, Mr Fenton. Indeed. And does Moray know that you will toss him aside when he has s-served your purpose? Moray is my concern. My employee. What if matters do not go as you plan, sir? Have you considered that fortunes may not improve? Suppose Moray's return brings disaster? Will that then be reflected in your valuation? I see no reason to imagine such an outcome. The man is cavalier. He has a reputation for overconfidence. You believe you have me in a bind. I accept that. But if Moray fails you, then you will understand if I return the favour. You have no other buyers. Should you sell to me today, I will honour the price already agreed. But if you gamble on Moray, then you-you risk diminishing the value of The Paradise. Katherine. Moray. I thought it best we speak here. Yes, of course. I understand. I was sorry to hear about your father. He missed his home. I think it took its toll on him. Please, sit down. Katherine, I'm grateful you have permitted me to return... You have been brought back to restore the fortunes of an asset my family now owns. Yes, what I meant was... I did not wish this moment to pass without acknowledging how... Really, Moray.....difficult... ..gallantry would be an unwelcome touch of sentimentality when there is no call for it. I would not wish for things to be any different than they are. Then, I'm glad... It was an audacious move to close the store. Well, I hope that it will be to our benefit. I have goods for a sale, all manner of exotic, imported temptations, and I want to make our customers wait to see them, to feed their curiosity. That is not the only thing you want them to be curious about. You wish also to play on your own notoriety. Then, let me apologise. I seem unable to shake off that part of me which is no more than a vulgar salesman. Closing the doors to the store has made my husband doubt you. The sale must prove to him that The Paradise and you are a glittering success. Miss Flora. Can we go to The Paradise again, Mama? I did love it so. I'm glad to hear you are so taken with the store, Flora. And Denise. Can we see Denise again? You are confident that your exotic imports will return The Paradise to its former glory? I am. They must. If you fail, Tom will insist we sell. Neither you nor I want such an outcome, do we? Mr Nathaniel, sir, I have saved a nice piece of boiled bacon for you. Unless you prefer the pie? What I like best about him is his manliness. A man needs to be a man, doesn't he? Did she just say there was more boiled bacon when a moment ago there was none? Not for the likes of Sam, anyway. No. No, it's his kindness. I'll have the pie, please, Myrtle. Let Sam have the bacon. Oh, no, no. I'll have the pie. No, his handsomeness I like best. Cos if I had the bacon, I'd feel like I'm having someone's leftovers. I'll have the bacon! There's only one thing better than boiled bacon, and that's more boiled bacon. If I'd been out bloody front, I'd have seen with my own two eyes Lady Katherine Glendenning in mourning and married, brazen as the day she was bare-arsed born. All I get down here's the gossip. If I was up top, I'd see the deeds. Is there any wonder you are kept out of sight, Myrtle? Such coarseness and obscenity might make you friends after dark on a farmyard. What is required in a department store is a degree of humanity. Perhaps you're right, Miss Audrey. I did once enjoy an hour under the moon with a cowman. But I'll say this - I am not so dry as a stick that I would break in half if a man so much as touched me. Ma'am? She must apologise to me or I will not eat there ever again. I expect she will apologise, Ma'am. Myrtle begs pardon at least ten times a day. Yes, well, the woman infuriates me. She is the living epitome of lewdness and... I love my work. I face the same burden I have faced since I was 18 years old. If I marry, I will lose my position. I cannot have both. And I cannot decide. Another hand? It's late. You ought to be getting back. I will not break, Edmund, if you touch me. Edmund... ..will you marry me? Yes! FLORA CLAPS That's one... Oh! MAN PANTS MAN MOANS HE MOANS HE PANTS HE SOBS I always know when it is hurting you. If you tell me when it burns, I will comfort you. Like the first night. Is that what you want, my darling? Yes. Yes, it is. Susy, come and look at this. Who's this man talking with Nathaniel? There's no-one there. They were there. Nathaniel and another man. They seemed to be arguing. Susy, is there something troubling Nathaniel? He does seem agitated. Has he spoken to you about anything? Or have you seen anything? No. Nothing. Nothing at all. He is just as he always is. There was just that business in the yard. What business in the yard? Well, him, kicking at crates and cursing. Susy, when he came up here to see you, I could only see him from the doorway, but there seemed to be tears in his eyes, like he was, I don't know, desperate. You're scaring me, Denise. Why are you talking like this? Oh, I'm sorry, don't worry. I'm sure it's nothing. I think we must all be feeling the strain a little. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH The Three Crowns is not The Three Crowns without you there, Myrtle. I thought I'd spare 'em my tongue for one night. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH You're skulking around late, Mr Nathaniel. You'll be making Susy suspicious you're up to no good. I have lemon cake, Mr Nathaniel. Lemon cake and tea at midnight will give you a good night's rest. THEY CHUCKLE Pack it all tight together. There is plenty more in the bays. I want the place to feel crowded, brimming with temptations. WOMAN SCREAMS It were a black thing, huge and black, and... and its tail were curled, curled up. It was coming from a crate and... And you're certain that's what you saw? It ran away so fast! It vanished! If it's come out of one of the boxes, it's come all the way from China or the likes. Thank you, Myrtle. Scorpions are terrible poisonous. They kill people. One sting, you're dead. Thank you, Myrtle. I'm sure you have work to do. It could be anywhere. It could be in my kitchen. It could be in the store. Myrtle! That's enough. But it's true, isn't it? Well, we'll just have to find it. How are we supposed to find a creature that small? We'll have to move everything. Sam, have you seen Nathaniel? He's probably in the yard throwing his weight about. No, he's not in the yard. It's impossible, that's what. Suppose we don't? What about them out there? We cannot open the store until it is discovered. We just have to find it. I want it found. I just don't want to be the one who finds it. Well, surely the creature would not come all the way up the stairs to Ladieswear? I refuse to imagine such savagery here amongst our refinement. I don't think anybody's told the scorpion he's not welcome. Mr Weston, if I might have a word with you, sir? Er, a scorpion... is in one of the crates in the delivery. If a customer were... If a customer were to get stung, they would die. Susy! Was Nathaniel with you when you saw the scorpion? I am glad he was there, otherwise, I might have died of the fright. Are you sure of what you saw? I can see the thing still in my mind. I hope I never see the likes again. You know what it means, if we can't find it, if we have to turn those customers away, it would cause so much damage to our hopes. But I saw it. Why do you doubt me? Before you saw it, the way you were talking, it sounded... Did Nathaniel see it first? Did he describe what he could see? I don't know...he...he might have... Why does it matter? I saw it myself. Clara... where's Dudley? I can't find him anywhere, nor Miss Audrey. All the Heads of Department have been summoned to your office. Well, I didn't call them! It was Mr Weston, sir. Be careful of him, sir. I do believe he'd cut a man just to see him bleed. Yes. Thank you, Clara. Still looking out for you, even if you don't want me to. I feel the risk to the... Ah, Moray! We were wondering when you might join us. Might I ask, what is the purpose of this gathering? We must call off the opening. I will not permit one customer to set foot through the door. Mr Weston, if we might speak privately... I am sure that amongst your many gifts, Moray, you have the capacity to change. At least have the courtesy to sit down. Sir, while we are here talking, we could be out there searching for the thing. If we find it, then we can still open today. Is that your best hope? If one customer sees the damned creature, it would be a disaster for the val... for the reputation of this place. The customers are here. We can't turn them away. We cannot let them see us faltering. I had all manner of foreign goods shipped to the Bon Marche. And yes, sometimes there were beetles and bugs. But my employers did not buckle for fear a customer might get a glimpse of nature. I have ordered all the crates to be removed from the loading bays. A department store is built on confidence. That is what we need now! Forgive my forthrightness, sir, but what qualifies me to know what is best for The Paradise is my experience... I have never so much as bought a necktie. If you're wondering what qualifies me... I am! I own The Paradise. That is qualification enough. I intend to sell to the Fenton Brothers. I will conclude my business with them today, before any further damage can be done. Nathaniel, I saw the money. You saw nothing, Denise. Let me get on with my work. Please. I know that Susy loves you and I believe that you love her. I'm just trying to understand. I saw you from my window, Nathaniel, last night, fighting with that man, arguing with him. You're too bloody clever, that's what. You let me go. Do you hear me? But it's you that's got hold of her. Why would you do this to all of us? Have we not been friends to you these past few months since you came here? I have done nothing wrong. I know a lie when I see it in a man's face. It's because of what Susy saw that the store is closed. If she is wrong, do you see? She's the one to blame. I saw the creature! I saw it! Nathaniel, whatever the reason, could you do that to Susy? But I saw it! I saw it. You didn't see anything, Susy. I put it there. I put it into your mind. I took you on, gave you work, and this is how you would repay me? You would betray us? Is it true? Have you been working on the Fentons' behalf? They told me it'd be a little spying, no more. All I had to do was a bit of spoiling. But it's not a bit of spoiling, is it? You are out to ruin every hope we have! I kept asking them, "Can I leave now?" But they told me they would expose me if I didn't do what they'd asked. So when the capes were spoiled, I was sure it was all done. The store was to be sold. They brought Moray back and I panicked. I didn't want to use you, Susy. I didn't know what I was doing. Be gone by the end of the day or I'll have the constables after you. Let's get the store ready. We open in 15 minutes. INDISTINCT CHATTER Let me show you our new silks, ladies. Look at the colours. I had to travel miles and miles over dangerous mountains to find these. Magnificent, isn't it? If you would like to follow me to Ladieswear, you can try on a dress so rare that only an Empress of the Qing Dynasty might wear it. Heaven knows what the man got up to in China. Some of his tales I'd rather not hear. I'm still young. Now, was it four yards you said you wanted, or was it six? How are things in Ladieswear, Clara? If I could get in through the door, sir, I'd tell you. Miss Audrey's doing fittings! The last time Miss Audrey did fittings, I was in short trousers. See! Now that Mr Moray is back, it will be like this every day. I never saw anything so beautiful. One day, it'll be me out there. I must congratulate you, Mr Weston. Would you take me for a pigeon, Mr Fenton? Would you pick my pocket? Do you look at me and see an easy mark? I lost. I accept that. You can't b-blame a man for trying. I will pay your price. Some men have little forgiveness in them. I'm a soldier - I have none. I would not sell a shoelace to you, sir. If you do not leave my store, I will personally remove you. Would you leave without saying goodbye to me? Can't believe you'd want to hear anything I've got to say. Did you love me? I love you now. Why would you want to be loved by a liar? A man who betrayed the trust given to him. Write to me. This is not the worst thing I've done, Susy. There were good reasons why the Fenton Brothers chose me. Write to me. Katherine. I must congratulate you, Moray. The Paradise once more responds to your touch. Well, I hope we've proven to your husband that there's no need to sell the store. Oh, I would not have let him do that. I can see you are glad to be back. Mmmm. That is understandable. Would you like to see it in a different colour? You are my employer now, Katherine. I will serve you as best I can. I am certain you will. After today, I've taken quite a fancy to this place. That doesn't surprise me, sir. Moray is quite a man. I'm pleased to hear he's earned your respect, Mr Weston, sir. HE CHUCKLES Did they take his store away from him? Did Lord Glendenning banish Moray from the city? I'm just a shopgirl, sir. I don't understand the plots and intrigues of business. What about the wedding? What do people say? That he called it off? We might be poor, sir, but we're not fools. Your wife is the most beautiful woman I've ever set eyes upon. Everyone can see that. She is rich beyond imagining. Moray loves nothing better than the thought of conquering this city. He is made of ambition. Why would a man like him not want to marry Katherine Glendenning? You and I are going to get along splendidly, Clara. I'm going to be about the business of the store. Come to me if you need... ..anything. Mr Moray is buying you all a drink tonight. Ooh! Isn't it marvellous how your thirst swells when the bosses are buying? Hey, I warned you about Nathaniel, didn't I, Mr Dudley? No, you didn't, Sam. Well, I meant to. I warned you though, didn't I, Denise? Show a little consideration for Susy, Sam. Susy'll recover. Women have a hardy constitution when it comes to men. You know what girls do when they get their heart broke by a bad fella? BOTH: Oh! She looks for another one! And hasn't Katherine Glendenning found herself a gem? I've a feeling Mr Weston could make the devil blush. Oh, she'll be a match for him, fear not. Hey, it's not what they do to each other that bothers me, it's what they'll do to us. Oh, well, let's drink to that then, eh? Did you say it was free drinks all night, Mr Dudley? Because I think my thirst has just overtaken Myrtle's. Do you see, my love? This is what I wrote to you about. This is what I've been waiting for, to be here with you again. I could see you today, across the store, and I was thinking... This is how it should be. The Paradise bursting with customers... But at the same time thinking... Longing for them all to go. So we could have the place to ourselves. I thought they'd never leave. So you see? There could be no better time for us to marry. I do. I do see that. Does Katherine seem happy to you? Why do you ask? You said that's why she allowed you to come back, back here, back to me, because she has her own happiness now. Yes, in her own way, she seems content. She clearly adores the child. You haven't answered my question. Why has she brought you back? John, I want the same as you do. Course I do. To be married. To be together. Because I love you. But if we do that, think how Katherine might react. She's not as accepting as she would like us to believe. Are we to deny ourselves the thing we desire most because of her? My love, you are here. That is enough. For now. We do not even know yet how it might be possible to take The Paradise back from her. All of our efforts must go into that. We must tread carefully. We must wait. Do you see? We must wait. Clemence! Moray, mon cher! So did he write about her in his letters then? No, no, he didn't. Darling, we will light up the skies. HE MOANS Jonas. Get him inside. If this was a trick, we are not falling for it. You're going to be safe now. Having Jonas here can only mean one thing for us... danger. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 