The Paradise: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Paradise 
 s2e4 - Episode #2.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Paradise (2012–2013): Season 2, Episode 4 - Episode #2.4 - full transcript 
 A ragged middle-aged woman Ruby comes to the Paradise in search of shop-girl Susy, the daughter she gave away as a child to spare her her mother's alcoholism. Susy is not pleased to see Ruby and takes it out on Flora, leading to her dismissal. However the newly promoted Denise shows diplomacy in negotiating her reinstatement and mother and daughter part friends. Moray has a secret meeting with Fenton, who suggests they take over the Paradise, Fenton supplying the funds if Moray can provoke discord between the Westons. Initially reluctant Moray becomes more persuaded when he learns that Weston wants to buy all the shops in the street to make the Paradise England's largest department store. Meanwhile Jonas, finding that Weston is prone to bouts of pain and rage, gains his confidence to exploit the fact. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (HORSE AND CARRIAGE APPROACHING) Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, Mr Fenton. - Doesn't Moray know you're here? - No, sir. As we agreed, this meeting is between you and I. I can't seem to leave. There's always something else to do. I just want to be prepared for my first day. Oh, I don't doubt you will be. Have you come to wish me luck? I would if I thought you needed it. (CLEARS THROAT) - We have everything we wished for. - Yes. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Almost. I'm sorry, Edmund. What could I do? Saw the door was smashed, had a look inside but I couldn't see anyone. So all I could think of was send for you. Who do you think it was? Robbers? Doesn't look like they've taken much... How many years have I taken care of this shop? Built it up from nothing. It's my shop! Lovett' s Drapery. Look at this. Who would do this? Who would come here and not give a care for a man's life? Tidy it up, get the glass fixed. Yeah, but then I go back to my little cottage with a head full of worries. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You’ll just have to sell it, then, won't you? What kind of people live in this world now, Sam? Denise, urn... Look, I'm not going to pretend this is the happiest day of me life. I'm not going to stand here and say I think it's fair because honestly it's... Oh, you better watch out, Denise. Myrtle's looking for you. I do believe that she got hold of a kipper especially for you. - I just want you to know that... - Oh, I nearly forgot. Your uncle's back. Problem at the shop. Look, I knew all along I didn't stand a chance... - Morning! - So... I don't know whether I'm hungry or not hungry, I'm so excited. Am I allowed to kiss the head of ladieswear? I'll never be as fine as you two but I can say now "Susy Bell, ladieswear". Well, that's fine enough for me. There you are. I have cooked a bloody lovely kipper for you and it's going bloody cold. I'll be along in a minute, Myrtle. I'm not doing this because you're in a position to put me front of house. - I would never do such a thing. - Morning, Myrtle. I'm here, too. Just happened to get me hands on a kipper, that's all. Well, I'd better say it quick before Arthur comes doffing his cap at you. Look, I won't make it difficult for you. just try and... I'd find it really hard if you spoke to me... Clara, I'm not going to turn into Miss Audrey overnight. I promise. I'm going to need your help. But most of all, I never want to lose your friendship. MYRTLE: Denise, kippers. - I don't even like kippers. - I'm sure Susy will help you out. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) What are you doing in my shop? Did you hear me? What are you doing in my shop? - It was empty. - You broke the door! Look at the mess you've made! Get back to the gutter you came from. Do you hear me? - God bless you. - Get out! It is tedious beyond belief. All they talk of is whether prints or stripes will sell. What kind of silk might sell this autumn. Papa, Katherine told me how when she was a girl she used to run off into the woods here searching for the secret people. The secret people were my imaginary friends. An only child's compensations for her loneliness. - Papa, could we... - It was Moray's intention to expand along the whole street, wasn't it? Tom, my darling, Flora was asking you a question. What is your question, Flora? I loved hearing about when Katherine was a girl. Would you tell me about when you were a boy? Possibly. I think we should do what Moray so patently failed to achieve. I have three objectives. To find a way back into the store... - You've done that. - We've done that. Nothing would have been possible without you keeping it together here. And the other two are to find the funds and persuade Mr and Mrs Weston to sell. To sell to me. Mr Moray, Mr Dudley. I have a proposal for a promotion in ladieswear. You didn't waste much time. Afternoon tea. Indeed, a tea party. Tables with white tablecloths. Fine teas, cakes and scones. The ladies would come in to sit and gossip... And who would serve the cakes and fine teas? I thought Myrtle. Right. Well, it is good-hearted of you, Denise, we all know that Myrtle nags away to come front of house but goodheartedness is not the best quality for running a department. Myrtle must never be let loose on our customers. Cakes in ladieswear? (CHUCKLES) Do you honestly suppose that is the impression we're trying to make? No, sir. No. Right. It is true, Denise, what he says. You need to step into the role now. That means making decisions that others won't like. You have to be strong. In the end, they will respect you. But to begin with, you can't let yourself worry whether they'll like you or not. Miss Denise, are these hats to go on display? Yeah, Susy, put them by the window. Miss Denise, shall I put all of them out, ma'am? Oh, Miss Denise, shall I fetch some fresh flowers for the changing closet? Clara usually likes to do the flowers. Come on, we'll fetch them together. Miss Denise, Myrtle's asking for you. - But you promised. - I said I'd try, Myrtle. Well, you didn't try hard enough, did you? Susy has a position. What's Susy got that I haven't? She shared a room with you, is that it? - I still want us to remain friends. - Friends? Is that what you call it? I know I'm a friend to you. I'm not so sure you're a friend to me now that you have a "Miss" before your name. Well, I have work to do, Miss Denise. The stove's to be scrubbed. This old barber shop was purchased over a year ago, I understand. Yes, sir. I believe the plan was to expand. Then why does it stand like this? Mr Moray reconsidered, sir. Ask him to come out here to join me. I'm afraid Mr Moray has gone out to meet with one of our suppliers, sir. - How long will he be? - I don't know. I think perhaps he's visiting more than one merchant. Then I will wait. - Will you look at this old witch? - Ugh. Smell her from here. Eh, do you think she's coming in to buy a fur? We should ask her. Measure her up. I'm sorry I spoke to you that way. There was no call for that. Are you hungry? It's clear what you want, Moray. You crave the same thing as I do. Mr and Mrs Weston stand in the way of both of us, do they not? Perhaps you and I may be of benefit to one another in this matter. How might that be possible, Mr Fenton? I have the funds, you have the means. - You would loan me the money? - Slowly, Moray. Slowly, please. I would purchase The Paradise and we would become joint owners. That is what I offer. Let us be forthright. Each of us intends to own the store outright. That battle lies ahead. I suppose each of us would take that on rather than be at the mercy of Torn Weston and his wife, is that so? - It is so. - Then if you have the price of a good lawyer, we can proceed to an agreement. And how do you propose we might remove them, sir? We don't. They remove themselves. - If we come between them... - Between them? And how might we do such a thing, sir? As I say, I have the funds, you have the means. Jealousy. Man detests a rival. But more than this, he cannot bear the sight of the man who has enjoyed intimacy with his wife. I see. I must taunt Torn Weston, show kindness to Katherine, exhibit concern for her and remind her, remind them both, of our closeness. I cannot do such a thing, sir. Cannot or will not? Thank you for your consideration, Mr Fenton. I thought you were a serious man, Moray. I took you for a man of purpose, ambition. You could have your store back for the sake of a little flirting. Yet you find it beyond you to toy with Mrs Weston. Perhaps for sentimental reasons? My reasons are for me to know. If you should reconsider, I'm always available to you. Hey. Come on. I trust all is well in ladieswear, Clara? Since you ask, sir, far be it from me to cause a stir. Yes? We are getting along splendidly. Miss Audrey had a prickle about her that could make the air sour. Miss Denise is all sweetness and delight. Not too sweet, I hope? I would hate to think we'd made a mistake under the wrong influence. What influence might that be, sir? Denise is Moray's lover. I choose to believe that Denise won the position because of her talents. I admire your faith in humanity, Clara. Even if I cannot share it. Where is Mr Moray today? I don't keep his diary, sir. It's not for the likes of me to know. (GASPING) What is it, Mr Weston? It'll pass. Go, be on your way. I can't leave you here in such pain, sir. DENISE: Susy. Susy, we have a customer. He's in your office. He's been here all morning. I had to make up some story to explain why you were not here. Where have you been? Mr Weston. Forgive my absence, we weren't expecting you today. - Have you been waiting long, sir? - Did your meeting prove to be fruitful? Well, these things take delicate handling. Dudley told me you were meeting with new clients. I had various meetings. Tell me about the barber shop. It's an eyesore. A well-run enterprise would get on with developing it. My plan is to use the premises as a jewellery department. - Are you intending to expand, sir? - The whole street. Both sides. I intend to be the owner of the largest department store in this country. What brought you to a life like this, Ruby? I had a daughter. I still do, I suppose. She ran off, left me. I was iLL and... Well, she was only 15, she was still a child. Hmm. She was a flighty thing but you had to love her. She's not much of a daughter to do such a thing. I was a burden to her, I know I was. A girl can't live only to take care of her sick ma. I just want to tell her that... that I am on me feet. - And she don't have to look after me. - Are you searching for her? - I've found her. - What, in this city? In this street. She wrote to me sister. And I was so glad to hear that the child has a good life for herself now. For herself, yeah, not a care for her mother. Your own bairns can be forgiven anything. - There's more food if you want. - Do you know what would help? The way I'm feeling? A little drink. Just to soothe the soul a touch. It's been on my mind all day. You're wrong, john. My motives for staging the tea party in ladieswear are the right ones. More than anything, our customers like to see each other shopping. I want to feed their jealousies and the tittle-tattle that comes with them. If Mrs Spiro buys the summer hat with ribbons, then Mrs Vaughn wants the same hat. They try to loiter as it is but they feel conspicuous so they leave. I want them to stay. If there are tables of women watching, those who are shopping will buy more -in order to show off. - You're right. I'm sorry. And will Myrtle be serving the tea? All she will have to do is take a tray to each table. - I can't ask my girls to do it. - Then by all means, go ahead. Torn Weston is intent on expanding the store. Well, that's a good thing, isn't it? No, not for us, it isn't. I've been wracking my brains to find a way to raise the funds to buy The Paradise as it stands. If he builds more, builds along the street, it will be beyond my reach. I thought I had time on my side. I don't. Denise, if I was to find a way to act now, -soon, if it was precarious... - You must take it, john. You must. We need to get you fitted for a new uniform, Myrtle, if you're to be serving tea and cakes in ladieswear. I bloody knew it. I said Denise would not let us down. (GIGGLES) MYRTLE: Girls! Girls, wait till you hear about this. You're forgetting yourself, Miss Denise. Your table's over there. I'll sit with my friends, if no one minds. There's no fathoming your uncle, Denise. His shop is broken into, the place is a mess, he finds some tramp woman who's responsible, swears he'll strangle her. The next time I see him he's escorting the very same Vagabond into his shop for shelter. It must be that old witch we saw on the street, Susy. What did you call her? Toothless hag. Smell her from here. Why would Moray lie to me about where he was today? Why does it matter? It matters because he has something to hide. My darling, there is no secret. Moray did not come back to serve our purpose. He intends to try to wrest The Paradise from us. He has been scurrying around trying to borrow money but no one will so much as consider him. I have made sure of that. Papa's banking friends know I would be most upset if any of them so much as considered Moray for a meeting. - Then who was his engagement with today? -(DOOR OPENING) It's so beautiful! -What are you doing with that? - Will you put it on? Please? Where did you get it? Where did you get it? All day, every day, Flora keeps asking me questions about when you were younger. - I thought she... - You never touch my belongings! Do you know what never means? It means not ever! (DOOR CLOSES) Your papa did not mean to be so harsh, darling girl. You shocked him, that's all. Oh, it is my fault. Perhaps that tunic has memories for him. Memories of the war. I made a mistake. Let me make it up to you. We'll have a treat, you and I, in the morning. What shall we do? Shall we go riding? - Perhaps a picnic? - The Paradise. Yes. We will go to The Paradise and we will indulge ourselves. Goodnight, Susy. What are you doing here? - I've come to see you, child. - I don't want you here. Can you not give your ma a chance to say that she's sorry? Sorry? Am I supposed to believe that? All these years and that's all you want? Sorry? - I've been looking for you. - I'm not so hard to find and Bella knows where I am. There's not a day goes by where I don't think about my girl. Shall I tell you what I think of? My own voice, pleading with you not to leave me, not to let me go. And my own mother too drunk to hear me, too drunk to even kiss me. I have a life now and you are no part of it. Come inside with me. Come on. Come and sit with me. Let your ma feast her eyes on her beautiful girl, just for one night. Sit with you while you drink? Tell me some story that will trick me into believing you're not so bad? My mother lied to me. That's what she does. She lies. You go and drink, Ma. How many glasses till you forget you even have a daughter? You... You go and drink yourself. -(COINS CLATTERING) - If you have any mercy, you will walk down that street tonight and never come back! (SOBBING) There are things we believe we cannot bear. But we can bear them. We do bear them. (BELL TOLLING) Morning. We need your daughter to see you looking at your best if she's to know you're back on your feet and well again. That is kind of you. You can wash and clean up in the back. It's me favourite colour. It's many years since I wore a dress new and pretty. Ruby, uh, I need to be getting back to my wife. I'm newly married. We've a cottage by the sea. I can't stay here. - So what are we to do with you? - I've nowhere to go. What about your daughter? If you talk to her... I'll put the dress on. And I'll smarten meself up. And she will see that... that I'm not sickly no more. (COUGHS) Are you sure you're well enough? If I could stay until such time as I speak with her... I would like to be at me best. Of course. Of course you can. Jonas? I want to talk with you. - Tom Weston is considering... - He intends to develop the store, sir. How... If I were to request further discussions with Mr Fenton... I could arrange that for you today, if you wish, sir. Or I could simply convey a message to him saying you're willing to reconsider his offer. If you are indeed willing to reconsider his proposition. - How would we, uh... - Mr Weston is a volatile man, sir. He is capable of behaving rashly, wildly even. Suppose he rashly dismisses me or wildly decides to get rid of me? If I may, sir, his wife would not permit that to happen. Yes. Yes, I understand. Do you wish me to contact Mr Fenton, sir? X do. I will show them all. I'll show Mr Moray he was wrong. I'll show Mr Dudley what I am truly made of. (LAUGHS) Well, don't I look pretty? Made for it. Well, just watch your mouth or you'll put us all to shame. Denise, urn... Leave her be. She'll come to you when she's ready to. Mrs Weston, Miss Flora, what brings you to see us today? I am intent on spoiling Flora this morning. Then you have come to the right place, ma'am. You shall receive only the finest service from our ladies, I can assure you. Mrs Weston, uh, Katherine. Forgive me, I forgot myself. May I say how lovely you look today? What I mean is it's always a delight to see you in the store. And you, Miss Flora. (CHUCKLES) Since you're here, Katherine, perhaps you'd join me for coffee? And your husband, if he's to visit us today. You're in fine spirits today, Moray. I owe you the courtesy of kindness. You do not owe me any such consideration but I'd be grateful for the chance to earn your forbearance. I'd be delighted to join you for coffee. - Flora. - Coffee with cinnamon? Mrs Weston, ma'am. Miss Flora. I want you to utterly spoil Flora today, Denise. - Anything she wants, she can have. - It would be our pleasure, ma'am. Susy? Please attend to the young lady. I will leave it with you while I have a coffee with Moray. FLORA: I want one of these dresses with the feathers. I'm afraid these gowns are for adults, not children. But I want one. Let me show you some of the things we have that might be more suitable for a girl. Hmm? I had myself thought of making the extension a jewellery department. I imagined as customers approached along the street, the first thing they would see would be windows bursting with colours and extravagance, but the cost of stocking the display alone was beyond me. However, things are different now. - How's your coffee, Katherine? - It is fine. It is delicious. I first discovered cinnamon coffee whilst in, uh, was it India, Katherine? No, no, no. I think it was Morocco. - It was Ceylon. - Yes. Yes. I had the devil to convince Katherine to try it but once she did, she could never have enough. (CHUCKLES) Do you still drink your coffee with cinnamon, Katherine? - Sometimes. - Yes, she does. I have already sourced suppliers for rubies and emeralds, if you'd care for me to have them call on us with samples and prices, Mr Weston? I plan for all the counters to be made of glass. Chandeliers, glass lamps, the whole place is like a palace. So much dazzle. Sounds positively garish. Yes, well, perhaps you're right, sir. I hope your sleep has improved after your travels, Katherine. I used to tell her, "It's the coffee." (LAUGHS) But she wouldn't have it. If ever a woman could live without sleep... (SIGHS) I was pressed into spending Long nights in the garden. The scent of magnolias under the moon. I think the new extension should be a food hall or shoes or... something without sentiment. I had meant to look over the place with you, Moray, but you were elsewhere. - Let's take a look now. - Yes, of course. Although, I would not wish to leave your wife with her coffee. I am ready now. I want the silver shoes. As I have explained, we don't have your size, miss. These ones. I want the dress with the feathers. You can't have the dress with the feathers. But that's what I want. Mama said I could have anything I wanted. You’re just a spoiled little nothing, that's what you are! You wave your hand and the rest of the world is supposed to pamper you. Do you even give a thought? You are a child! Susy, go down to the refectory right now. Come on, Susy. Go on. - I want Mama. - I am so sorry, Miss Flora, let me... No! I want Mama. I want Mama! (SOBBING) I'm so sorry, ma'am. I don't know why. Susy is usually such a sweet girl. I've never before known her to... She's a friend, usually full of kindness and so eager to please. Dudley, do you think you could take Flora outside for a moment -for me, please? - Of course, ma'am. What do you propose to do? I will speak to Mr Moray and Mr Dudley. No. I want to know what you intend to do. You are head of ladieswear, are you not? You are responsible. It was you who presided over this humiliation of my child, this child. What do you propose to do about this girl... What is her name? - Susy, ma'am. - Then answer me. What is your intention? I will speak with Susy most severely. I will warn her that to address customers in this way... Can we not do something? There must be a reason Susy... There is a reason. Susy was promoted too early, -she's not ready. - But there must be something we can do. These are the most delicate of times, Denise, I cannot afford to rile Katherine. We must be seen to follow her will. It is your job now, Denise, this has to be done. You wanted this position. It is not all tea parties. I tried, Susy. I wanted to avoid this but what you did... You've left me with no choice. When a girl is dismissed, she must leave the premises right away. You must collect your belongings and go. Perhaps stay close by, Susy. We never know what might change. - I've nowhere to stay. - Bishop Street. Mr Meyer. Tell him Jonas Frank said you might find lodgings with him. - Cakes, madam. - Do I look like a madam to you? And that looks more like gristle to me than a cake. I'm practising. Fine teas. Assam, Darjeeling, Madeira cake. Aren't I the picture of restraint? (LAUGHS) (HUSHED WHISPERING) Denise. Denise. They all know that Susy brought this on herself. Their reactions are for show. To prove to each other they are cronies, them against us. It won't last. It's fear, that's all. You have influence on their lives now. Act as though you're not to blame. Don't apologise for what you've done. Let them raise the matter if they want. Not you. Behave as though you take on your authority but they are responsible for their own destiny. Thank you, Mr Dudley. You do know you're not to blame, don't you, Denise? But I might have done more. I saw there was something the matter with Susy. I wish I could say that it gets easier. Clara. You were seen in the bays with Mr Weston. Is that what you think of me? Any man in a suit and I'll flutter me eyes and lift me skirts? What did he want with you? He asked to put his name on me dance card for the last waltz but I told him I was all spoken for. Then I have no option but to ask Mr Moray to ask you why you were holding Mr Weston's hand. He had a pain in his back. Terrible pain. Something in his eyes, something more than pain. - He looked like a man who'd... - Yes? Well, like a man who'd been murdered and was waiting to die. It's the same as... Go on, Clara. You're almost done now. It was the same as the night of the fireworks. The noise of it... He was cowering like a frightened child. Will that do you, Mr Jonas? Feel better now you've peered into another dark corner of this world? Thank you, Clara. When you hide things from me, it is because you'd prefer not to face them yourself. Skulking around with Jonas, flirting with Katherine, taunting Torn Weston. What is going on? Whatever it is you are doing, I know how much you want the store back. But if your schemes can be admitted in good conscience, then you will tell me. Mr Moray, sir. You wanted a message taken out to Belville Hall? Not today, Arthur. Perhaps some other time. Miss Denise. Please, Jonas. Call me Denise. I'd prefer to honour the tradition that has been observed down the years. You've earned your place, ma'am. The title is a gesture of respect. Yes. Well, thank you. If I may, there is much talk of loyalty in a place like this. Most of it is talk and no more. - I had no wish for Susy to... - Please, ma'am. Let me go on. Loyalty is a special gift. It binds people like no other cause but it can take courage. If you can find a way to win Susy her place back here in the store, you would have proven that you're the staunchest ally of everyone who works here. You would be their champion. It is not possible. Was it not you yourself told Mr Moray, "It must be possible." - But I don't know how. - Nor do I, ma'am. But I trust you'll find a way. Gin. - I didn't expect to see you here. - Wish I could say the same of you, Ma. I stayed so that I might speak with you one more time. I don't blame you for hating me, Susy. It has to be the worst crime in the world to give your child away. I know you don't believe me but I did it for you. The reasons you use to blame me are the reasons that I had to give you away. What kind of life would you have with a ma like me? Every day I promise meself I won't be drunk. And then every day, I find meself with a glass in me hand. I had to free you from me and the only way that I could do that was to have another drink inside me. I have lied to you, yes. But you tell me, if you can tell the truth, would it have been a better life if you'd stayed with me than the one that you've had? No. No, it wouldn't. There's only one thing in this life that I could give you. And that was to be free of me. I knew, though, that there'd come the day when I'd look at you and I'd tell you I love you. I... I love you, Ma. I'm so proud of you, working in that place. It's so grand. I don't work there no more. Why? I was sacked. Made a disgrace of myself. No. Not you. Not my Susy. I offended a child. Oh... Have they no mercy? What kind of swines are they? No, it's done now, Ma. I'm just going to get one more. It's not every day you get your daughter back. RUBY: Cheers. Well, to hell with them. You know, they're not worth a spit if they do that to my girl. What am I doing? What am I doing here, sitting here with you? It's the same. It's always the same. The drinking! That's all! Susy... Susy! Good afternoon, madam. Assam? Darjeeling? Susy, what are you doing here? Oh. I forgot. I was hurrying home and I forgot I don't live here no more. Oh, you best go, girl, before Mr Jonas finds you. Susy, don't go. I want to speak to you. Do you want your position back? What I mean is do you want to try and get it back? I should say so. I can't promise we'll manage it. It'll take courage. Will you do exactly as I say? Then first thing tomorrow morning, put on your finest outfit and meet me in the street. Mrs Weston. Thank you for seeing us, ma'am. I'm sorry to intrude upon you in this way, but if we might speak with you for a few minutes... Ma'am, on the day of these embarrassing events with Miss Flora, Susy was in a state of considerable distress. It was my fault she was on duty. I should have excused her. Susy's mother turned up on the street. She hasn't seen her since she was... Since I was seven years old. It was an unexpected arrival. Susy found her mother in awful circumstances. We are asking, ma'am, that Susy be given the opportunity to apologise to Miss Flora and the chance to prove to you that she's worthy of your trust in the future. - Your mercy... - Mercy? You think I should forgive her? (DOOR OPENING) Oh, I am truly sorry for what I said to you, Miss Flora. No child should be spoken to so cruelly. I only want to say I am sorry. That is why I am here. No more. Please forgive her, Mama. MORAY: You might have asked before you ran off to speak with Katherine Glendenning, Denise. You said yourself we must keep good relations with her. Even if she'd said no to our pleas, we would have shown her contrition and respect. Yes. Yes, of course. DUDLEY: Weston. - Her name is Mrs Weston now. - Isn't that what I said? Girls. Thank you, Denise. - Bloody show 'em, Myrtle! - I will. - Bloody show 'em all. - I will! - You look so lovely, Myrtle. - I do, don't I? They're ready. - I can't... I can't do it! - Of course you can! Hey, it's only serving tea to a few posh gossips. How can the likes of me stand before the likes of them? - They're so beautiful! - You're the one who's beautiful, Myrtle. No, I'm not. I'm a rag next to them. I'm fit for the farmyard. I can't do it! I'm sorry, Denise. Myrtle. I remember the queues of men standing waiting for a haircut. - Jonas. - Mr Weston, sir. - You have pain? - It is an old wound. I tell myself I should feel no pain. But there is. I'm a fool. Whenever I feel it, I chide myself it is weakness. People fear me bec... Forgive me, sir. - I'm speaking out of turn. - Not at all. Go on. I have a disfigurement. People fear me because of it. But it is a gift. I realise that at my age. People who flinch from a man with one arm imagine they know me, know the worst of me because of what they see. That just tells me whom I can trust. It is a fine thing, sir, to restore that which has been so sorely disregarded. I take my hat off to you, even though I'm not wearing one. What do you think I should do with it, Jonas? Oh, I do not think I can be trusted with the likes of such a decision, sir. I trust you. Perhaps food, sir. Breads and pies and buns. Smell of it on the street. (DOOR OPENING) I thought I might...read to you. Would you like me to read to you? Yes, Papa. "There was a soldier... "a young officer. "He was stationed in India "and there was a siege at Delhi." Do you know what a siege is? Well, a siege is, urn... It's a kind of... attack. "Lots of men...died." Lots of men died. Let me tell you how it is, Susy. For a mother, there are hard choices to be made. She can't forgive herself until you forgive her. - What she did was unforgivable. - Nothing is unforgivable. But you'll be bitter and filled with hatred the rest of your life if you don't let go of her. It's her that won't let go of me. What would I say to her? The truth. With a bit of love in it. - They took you back, then? - They took me back. It's only right. If it's true what you said, Ma, that... that you want to give me a chance to be free of you, then... do it now. Do it and I will love you for it. I only want one kiss on the cheek. If there is a time when you are sober, I will be here. That is a time you can come back. The tea party was a splendid success. Thank you. When I came to you with my idea, it felt as though whatever I brought to you, you wanted to turn it down. It was simply the way you presented it. Once I saw the benefits, I consented, didn't I? You consented? You didn't... All that I ask is... I see how difficult this is going to be for us, working together. But when I come to you, I'm not Denise, I'm not your fiancee, I am head of ladieswear. - Can you see that's how it has to be? - Yes. Yes. Of course. I'm sorry, Denise, for the way I have been. For the way I spoke to you about Susy and about visiting Katherine. That's how it has to be. That's your job. I should have told you I was going to see her but I was afraid you would refuse me. When will I learn? No secrets. We cannot let anything come between us, Denise. Why would anything come between us? I want to shower you with love. And treasure you. That is my job. My father's watch? It is precious to me beyond reckoning. SAM". That watch has powers. Hypnotic powers. I could fall for a lad like you. SAM: I've got Susy following me around like a sob. I can't shake her out of it, no matter what I do. What are you doing with a thing like that in your pocket? It's worth a fortune! Gentlemen, I have no wish to want that watch! That damn watch is bewitched! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 