The Paradise: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Paradise 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Paradise (2012–2013): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 Katherine starts to regret her marriage to Weston and confides in Moray, whose sympathetic hug is observed by her husband. Weston agrees to Fenton's proposal to buy the Paradise and attempts to reconcile with Katherine. Katherine, however, wants more than sympathy from Moray and is upset at his rejection - as Weston discovers. Lucille Ballentine, a working class woman who has married the older Campbell, a wealthy brewer whom she met as his nurse, feels ill at ease in society and identifies with the salesgirls , whom she invites to tea. Campbell Ballentine, a self-made man, admires Moray and wants to invest to help Moray buy the store, a proposal encouraged behind Moray's back by Denise, whose drive Campbell admires. Edmund, meanwhile, suffers a heart attack and decides to sell his shop and retire with Audrey. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What are you doing, Uncle? When you have your name above a shop, it's no small thing. Have you only just noticed? DUDLEY: You've forgotten, haven't you? Dudley, I have no idea what you're talking about. Five years, this week. Five years since that sign went up, this place stopped being Emerson's Drapery and became The Paradise. Flora! Where are you, darling? (GIGGLING) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Flora? Flora! KATHERINE: Flora! Shh. KATHERINE: Flora! DENISE: (KNOCKING) john? (CHUCKLING) You caught me. I'm sorry, sweetheart, I couldn't resist. I've always wondered what it would feel like to sit there. Perhaps I'd better be careful where I leave my trousers lying. It's a game. Whatever Katherine says, we don't speak. Heavens! What a trick. I might have been searching for you the whole day. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It has quite jangled my nerves. Tom, darling, did you hear me? TOM: Flora? Shall we go and play in the maze? Yes, Papa. Tom? Flora. - I am talking to you. - Flora, sweetheart? - Will you chase me or shall I chase you? - You chase after me, Papa. Do I not exist today? I demand that you speak to me! Tom, you have been like this for days. Like a ghost staring at me but saying nothing. What is the matter? Mr Moray. Ma'am. - Good morning. - Sir. Of course we must mark the occasion. Window displays, flags and bunting throughout the place. All manner of decorations. I thought, perhaps, birds-of-paradise hung from the ceiling. I appreciate the sentiment, Dudley, but are these times for us to revel in our positions? MAN: Morning, sir. Every bright bauble will be a poke in the eye of Torn Weston. I like the thought of him seeing what we've achieved here. Yes, then let's do it. - WOMAN: Mr Moray. - Morning. Good morning. I feel like I'm wrapped in butter. It's heavenly! Is it heavenly? I mean, do I look foolish in it? Should I buy it? It's perfect, ma'am, I think. Urn, perhaps... What do you think, Clara? Ma'am, I promise you it is a most tasteful and fashionable choice. When do I wear it? I know some dresses are for evening. Ma'am, this dress can be worn at any time. Oh, this is such fun. And you're so kind to help me. What shoes does a lass wear with this dress? What kind of shoes would you prefer, madam? I prefer you to choose. Everything you've chosen so far is just...perfect. What about the grey button boots? Would you like to try a pair? If you can have them wrapped up, my husband will come in to pay. Of course, Mrs Ballantine. Darling Ballantine. He does love to spoil me. It's not too much, is it? It's not coarse and unladylike to buy so much? Not at all, madam. We will have it all ready for you. I was a nurse, you know? With hardly a pair of boots to my name, look at me now! Who would have dreamed? I never dreamed I'd have such a fine uniform to wear every day and such fun friends to share a dorm with. Who will deliver the parcels? Oh, the delivery lads deliver, ma'am, on their delivery wagon. Oh... I was rather hoping it would be you, Susy. Or you, Clara. Then I could try them all on and you could tell me... And you could see our chandeliers and feel how thick the carpets are. If you would care for a morning fitting at home, Mrs Ballantine, I'm sure that can be arranged. Yes! I like the sound of a fitting. We could have tea and scones. Or perhaps scones are only eaten in the afternoon? Forgive me, ma'am. What I meant to say was -an afternoon fitting. - Oh! (LAUGHING) Yes. Uncle Edmund, this is the third time I've seen you at the inn this week. Won't Audrey be missing you? Oh, don't fret, our Denise. Hell's teeth, I've sent her a note telling her I'm on my way back home. Far be it from me to interfere in another man's marriage, but why didn't you just take her the note yourself? Yes, then you would have been there. So you wouldn't have needed to send a note to say why you're not there. MYRTLE: Have a sit-down, Susy. - Rest your mind a while. -(DENISE LAUGHING) You must admit, Mr Lovett, you don't have any cause to stay when... Yes, I do. I'm not one to meddle in the affairs of a marital nature but what are your reasons, Edmund? I can't sell the shop because it looks so worn-down and decrepit. Now, if I paint it up, you'll see, it will make it a more agreeable proposition for any buyer. A few days' sweat and toil will make all the difference, you'll see. - Oh, come on, Edmund. - I'll prove to the lot of you. I'm only here because I intend to leave. -(ALL LAUGHING) - Oh, Edmund. (WOMEN LAUGHING) She's done it, hasn't she? Mrs Ballantine. She's got what we all hanker after. She's bagged herself a wealthy husband, living the grand life. I don't. I want a kind husband. Susy, think on. If he's not well-off, what good is his kindness? Hmm. We all say what we dream of is love but let's admit it, what we really want is love and riches. Every fine-dressed woman who walks through that door, we just long for what she has. That's why we've come to work in a department store, hmm. You're quiet, Denise. What do you say about Mrs Ballantine's good fortune? I don't envy our customers. I can't say I long to come to The Paradise to shop and to spend. Oh, here we go! What do you want, Denise? I dream of a world where a woman doesn't need a rich husband. MYRTLE: (LAUGHING) Oh, yes! And I'm looking forward to the day when a woman is Prime Minister and a woman is a priest in the pulpit and a woman is in charge of The Paradise. (ALL LAUGHING) (FLOORBOARD CREAKING) Tom. Tom? MORAY: His proposal to send Denise to Paris, I have little doubt he did it to antagonise me. He took your father's watch from the store without so much as a by-your-leave, it was as if he knew what you and I had spoken about... -(BRANCHES CRACKING) -...your father's wishes for the watch should be left to the man you ma... What is it? Will you come back tomorrow? We can speak then. Of course. - Please, tell me. - Oh... God help me. God, please help me. He is capable of such cruelty. I never imagined... We married in such haste, I hardly knew him. I live in terror of upsetting him. I dare not speak for fear of how he will react. There are times I think he hates me. He wishes only to punish me. I cannot bear one more day. Oh! Oh, thank you. Thank you. You cannot live like this, Katherine. What else can I do? Promise me you will come to me when you need someone. It's her! It's Mrs Ballantine. She's with her husband and he's... Well, he's... Well, he's not... What I'm trying to say is, he's not... Here they are, my darling. My new friends. They've been looking after me so sweetly. Thank you, girls, for making my wife the happiest woman in the whole city. MRS BALLANTINE: Well, show them, Ballantine. Show them how obliged we are. (CHUCKLING) Oh, yes. Perhaps you might come with me to the cashier desk, Mr Ballantine, to settle your account. I'll wager it's down all those stairs and I've just climbed up them. Thank you, dear. This way. I need you to show me how to walk in my new dresses. MR BALLANTINE: [know what you 're thinking. You're thinking, "Here's a man who's so in love with his wife "that he will indulge her every whim. "Oh, how our sales will soar!" (BOTH LAUGHING) Mr Moray, sir, might I introduce you to Mr Ballantine? Campbell Ballantine? We met once before, sir. I believe it was at the... The racecourse. Oh, yes, of course. I lost a fortune that day. (ALL LAUGHING) Well, I'm pleased to see you in my... Uh, in The Paradise. - If you'll excuse me, sir. - Of course. This way. Mr Ballantine's accounts, please. What a splendid enterprise! We've recently opened a food hall and we have an Oriental room, which has proved very popular. We try to stock items at a range of prices to attract all manner of customers. Those who can't afford the finer goods can still come in to gaze at them. We have a childrenswear department, bedding, menswear and furniture. And we're always looking to expand. I have a brewery. I started out with one ale and now I supply more than half the inns and hostelries of the city. And beyond. I may get short of breath but I still go to work every day and I still know each employee by their first name. I know what you're thinking. We ought to supply those ales of yours in our food hall. Hmm! (LAUGHING) The idea is to walk as though your feet were on wheels. Oh! Like this? Uh, not up and down. No hands. Uh, "tripping" we call it. Susy? - Wonderful. - Hmm! Place your hands in front like this... And Susy. Long strides are not feminine. Short strides. Yes. Short strides. Every step is meant to draw attention for its grace and poise. (BLOWING RASPBERRIES) I'm not sure I can do grace and poise. We'll, perhaps try poise and worry about grace later. (BOTH GIGGLING) We must all go out together. It'll be my treat. Where shall we go? What's the most lavish night out we could possibly have? Uh, Mrs Ballantine... Please. Call me Lucille. Lucille, uh, there's no need for extravagance. (SIGHING) Ballantine's so handsome, isn't he? Your husband clearly adores you, madam. He can be so funny sometimes. I've never known a kinder man. I'm going to invite you all out to the house and it will be the jolliest party of the year. - Please say you'll come. - Oh, we'd love to come. We want to look at your chandeliers, don't we, Clara... Or sometimes we have a picnic on Sundays. (SIGHING) I am so glad I found you. The only women I've met so far have been those well-to-do society wives who look down their noses at me. I love picnics. Come sit in my garden. We'll have champagne and roasted meats and oranges. We would all love to come, Lucille. Can I offer you a glass of brandy, sir? I must be rid of him. Perhaps we should speak inside, sir. Yes. Yes, of course. I can't bear to watch him lord it about this place for one more day. Haste will not serve you well, Mr Weston. If you are determined to dispose of Mr Moray, do not do so on his terms. If you dismiss him now, you will play into his hands. He would come out on top. What do you mean? There are things I have heard, sir. Will you trust that I know best in this? Let me make some arrangements and a proposal will be laid before you that will finish Moray. DUDLEY: Our five year celebration! We will deck the halls with ribbons, bunting and a bird-of-paradise for every customer. Mr Moray, sir, your messages. Dudley can deal with these. EDMUND". I'm only borrowing it. I'm not going to steal it. I need it to get the job done, don't I? Well, next time ask Mr Moray or Mr Dudley. Or someone else higher up the ladder. You see this street? I look up and down it. There's nobody that was here before me. That means something. Aye. It means you've been here a long time and it's your turn to put up the ladder. Our Denise, coming to the inn to chide me. She wants rid of me. She might as well push me down the road. Ah, she just wants you to be happy, that's all, Edmund. Surely you can see that. I'll paint my shop from top to bottom and then... I can help you out if you want, on Sunday and... I'll only spend it chasing girls up the river. Or chasing girls down the river. Everything I know in this world is right here. MORAY". 1 am concerned for Katherine. Her husband’s jealousy is telling on her. I fear she might fall ill. Well, that is all to the good. Your courting of her has worked to our favour. What I'm trying to make clear to you is that I cannot continue with this deception. Torn Weston is a dangerously volatile man. The pressure is telling on him. I have seen it. Well, all to the good. Mr Moray, sir, if I may, you have played your part. And played it handsomely. Now we will approach Torn Weston with our proposal. What proposal? (KNOCKING ON DOOR) DENISE: john? - John? - Jonas, take him through this way. - I don't want her to find you here. - Sir. DENISE: Are you in there? (KNOCKING ON DOOR) john, are you in there? Who were you talking to? Well, it's finally come to it. I must have been talking to myself. Ballantine? He's spending all of his money on a wife who's young enough to be his daughter. The man's mind is addled with love. And what's wrong with that? (SIGHING) Nothing. Nothing's wrong with that. When it comes to business matters, his mind is as sharp as the best of us. I believe if we came to him with a proposal... He has a pretty bride who's taken a fancy to the store, darling. Those are not grounds for us to believe that the man is a suitable investor. Are you opposed to the idea -because I suggested it to you? -(SIGHING) I'm sorry. I'm not at my best. Why are you so irritable, so distracted? Is it Katherine? What do you mean? I saw how she was when we went to dinner. She hardly said a word. She was festering with rage. I think she is unhappy in her marriage. She almost said as much. You went to see her? Yes. Yes, to plead with her to rein in her husband. His dabbling in the business of the store is making life here quite impossible. But you did not tell me you were going to see Katherine. While they are our masters, we must deal with them as best we can. Be careful, john. Katherine has not forgotten. She'll never forget. FENTON: You do not wish to sell. I accept that. We shall both of us proceed on that understanding. But it would be duplicitous of me were I not to advise you of my intentions. My brother and I have a store in Manchester and one in Liverpool. We wish to expand south and indeed north. Our intention is to be the first and, sir, the only national formation of emporiums. - And you propose to build here? - We have a site. Plans are being drawn. Up until now, Mr Weston, the battle has been between the small stores and The Paradise. - That war was easily won. - If I build, there will be an almighty clash on an altogether different scale. A price war. Some of your best staff -might well be tempted by better offers. -(SIGHING) Customers will be at the very least divided. Why would you wish to forewarn me? It means that I might arm myself against your intentions. It is a battle I will win. But it will be a costly affair. I would prefer you... To accept defeat now in the comfort of my own home? Defeat? No! Perhaps a more personal triumph. You will appreciate that a businessman must be, shall we say, single-minded. If I build, I intend to employ Moray as my store manager. And I will provide him with whatever funds are needed to succeed. If you sell The Paradise to me, I will cast Moray into the wilderness, never to return. No. I understand that emotion might get the better nonjudgmental, sir. So I will wait for one week whilst you allow yourself some reflection on the matter. Let me explain. What you describe, Mr Fenton, are the circumstances. What you're dealing with is a man. If I surrender to your demand, it will be... (LAUGHING) ...because I'm a coward. Once you take the name down, that really is the end, isn't it? It is. Yeah, we have to take it down. (CHUCKLING) I mean, we can't paint "Edmund Lovett" back up there again in bright new colours 'cause what's that going to look like? Yeah, but if my name's not above the shop what is it I'm supposed to be selling? Anyone interested is going to want to know they're buying a going concern. We could just write up there "Draper's Shop." There, you see? - Straight from the mouths of babes. - EDMUND: Yeah. Well, it's for you to have opinions, it's for me to decide. Oh, a little more, thank you. You have such a lovely garden, Lucille. Eat up, girls. You're not allowed to leave until you are properly indulged. MYRTLE: Four shop girls on a blanket and not a man in sight? No one's going to be indulged today. Have some meat. There's peasant. I mean pheasant. Where I come from, peasant is a delicacy. We have it with an egg on top. (CHUCKLING) I'm a peasant. As good as. I know you all know it. I don't know how to dress, how to walk, how to talk. You must be wondering how I got myself a husband like Ballantine! Well, that's none of our business, Lucille. I was wondering. MRS BALLANTINE: He was sick. I was nursing him in the... Men always fall for the nurses. There! Now we know. He's a lucky man to have you. Any fried mongrel to go with that peasant? Did he court you? Whilst he was sick in hospital? -(DENISE CLEARING THROAT) - MRS BALLANTINE: I let him woo me. Why should I not? I've had my heart broke plenty of times. Men get well and... they move away and... they forget they were in love. I thought my time had passed but Ballantine didn't forget. He wanted to marry me and... I know what all the wives around here think of me. You must be thinking the same. I'm no more than a pretty face. (CLEARING THROAT) The only difference between you and us, Lucille, is that you chased after a good man. Isn't that right, girls? You found a husband who's only desire is to make you happy. If you think we're here to judge you for that, then you're wrong. Thank you. Thank you, Clara. It truly is a comfort to me to have you to turn to, Moray. I hope that you appreciate how grateful I am. Katherine, Torn... is punishing you because I'm here to remind him of how things were between us. It is a provocation to him. If we see one another, I can't help thinking it will make this worse. Be honest with me. Be honest with yourself. Do you suppose it will make things better if we continue like this? I brought you back here to punish you. It wasn't enough to ruin you. That could never match the hurt I felt when you abandoned me. I put you back in that place so that I could watch you with Denise and... I didn't care how long it might take. I wanted her to feel as I felt. To be terrified of losing you and then to lose you. But now, a few moments alone with you to feel your tenderness, your protection, I don't want to hurt anyone now. I only want to know that sometimes we can be like this. - Don't take that away from me. - Tom will destroy you. Denise will destroy you. Have you thought of that? Torn told me what he sees in the store. Denise has such ambition. I saw her face when he suggested that she might go to Paris. He says she will outrun you. You asked me to be honest with you, Moray. I implore you to meet truth with truth. What I describe is that which you see. You have comforted me. Can't I comfort you? You have such a splendid home, a good life, a lovely wife. Mmm. Why do I not retire? Why should I? Oh, I've had several opportunities to sell my brewery but I've never been tempted. It's what keeps me going, work. Keeps me sharp. Every new challenge takes 10 years off my age. (BOTH CHUCKLING) Well, maybe five. I make beer. And I feel that I've done all I can selling ales to the nation. I want one more business conquest to make me young again. Now, I hear that Moray is trying to raise funds to buy back his store, without much success. How did he come to lose it? He fell in love. He gave up all that he had to be true to his girl. Aye. I've heard the stories. It rather endears him to me but then, I have become something of a romantic in my old age. As you can see, Denise. Mr Ballantine, might you meet with Mr Moray so that he might put before you a proposal to invest in The Paradise? It is a sound enterprise with potential for extensive expansion. We are not vulnerable to the whims of fashion, in fact, we are always ahead of our customers. As modern manufacturing creates new goods, we are the first to offer them. More and more people are coming to the city as I did, as your wife did. And what they want is the new, the glamorous, foreign goods. People want betterment and The Paradise is a haven for all that they wish for. Why would I want Moray to present to me when you do it so admirably? Oh, I'm sorry. I got carried away. Nay, don't apologise for what you're good at. I wanted a son, someone who would take on my business and make it flourish for his own generation. If I'd had the son I'd wished for, he'd have been just like you, Denise. Now, you put together a formal proposition and I'll consider it. It's a fine job you're doing, Edmund. It has to be said. Yes, so fine that you know what's coming, -don't you, Myrtle? - I do. When he's finished the outside, it'll cross his mind to do the inside. Ah, just so that they're all the same, like. And when he's done the inside... SAM: Oh, he'll sit back and admire his handiwork and say, "It seems a shame to leave the place when I got it looking so splendid." MYRTLE: (LAUGHING) Come on, Edmund. - Eat your cake. Edmund. - SAM: Aye. - Come have your cake. - MYRTLE: Edmund. Moray, Denise may well have found exactly what you were looking for. Mr Ballantine as good as said he's willing to invest. He'd like you to meet with him. Katherine and Torn are not minded to sell. It would antagonise them if they thought we were manoeuvring against them. But surely there's no harm in having the funding in place. We must find investment that is from the best source that comes at the most favourable time. Mr Moray, sir, your messages. I know, sir. Mr Dudley will deal with them. (SIGHING) I long to get back to that time of innocence between us, the two of us just talking in the dark. Sweetheart, it was never innocent. You were engaged to be married and I was a shop girl working for you. Things have always been difficult. But we persevered because we love one another. It's the same now. Sometimes I wish you just didn't work here. I wish we'd met in the street. I just want us to be able to love one another and for it all to be simple. What is wrong with that? There is nothing wrong with that. I think they call it "romance". - You think we should defy Moray? - Let's not call it that. Let's call it helping. Without his knowledge or consent. But helping nonetheless. If we can secure workable funds... The Westons are crushing john, Dudley. We have to do something. Even if it only amounts to giving him a little bit of hope to carry on. I'm not sure that acting secretly is the best way, Denise. I don't know what Myrtle puts in her pastry. She says she has a secret ingredient. Provided it's not her toenails, I don't need to know, as long as it tastes good. Hey, Denise. What is eating up your uncle? I couldn't even get him to eat my cake today. I must go across and see him. I've been so busy. Perhaps he's wise to what you put in your recipe, Myrtle. (CHUCKLING) I see people looking at me when I'm with Ballantine. I saw it on your face when I brought him into the store. What does it matter what others think of you? Because it's true. It must be true. The more kindness he shows to me, the more guilty I feel. I made a mistake. I have to admit it. I have to. I will leave him. Isn't that a cruel thing to do to a man who loves you? It's more cruel if I stay. (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) (DOORKNOB RATTLING) TOM: Katherine? (KNOCKING) (DOORKNOB RATTLING) Katherine. DUDLEY". Don't pretend to know or understand anything you don't. He's a businessman of many years' experience, he will know. Keep the figures simple. Don't inflate or exaggerate. If he catches you out, then you've lost him. Wouldn't it be better if you came with me? No. It wouldn't. But why wouldn't it? Because you found Ballantine, he's your conquest. (CREAKING) There's no one here. What you just told me, Mr Dudley, that's not the true reason, is it? I would present Mr Ballantine with figures and he would see in me a man who could be trusted with his investment. You... - You would light up the room, Denise. -(CHUCKLING) I'm good at what I do, the best at me own job. But something like this takes an entrepreneur. I just want to see the look on John's face when I tell him we have a way out. And you will, Denise. You will. Go on. Go on. Go to bed. And good luck. - DRIVER: Walk on! - Denise. There is something about Mr Weston's time in the army, sir. Something he cannot bear to speak about. Denise has just left the street in the carriage. Where's she gone? You might be better asking Mr Dudley about that, sir. MRS BALLANTINE: Clara. Clara. I don't know what possessed me to say such things to you about my husband. I couldn't sleep for fear that... You didn't tell anyone, what I said to you, did you? There was nothing to tell. Because I couldn't bear it if Ballantine found out, I mean, found out what I've been saying. But your mind is made up? Oh! I've not seen these shawls before. Do you like them? We must both have them, Clara. There's no need for that, Mrs Ballantine. I just want to show you what you mean to me. I have a friend. I have a true friend. I want you to have this. - I can't accept that from you. - Please. You must, to show you, friends... There are rules about such things in the store. If I accept that, I could lose my position. Then don't tell them. It'll be between us. Do you think you can buy my sympathy? My silence? Buy my friendship? You're a customer. You are no more to me than that. Flora! The projected income for the next year... Yes, sir. I imagined it might be more. - Is there a problem? - I have erred on the side of caution. False expectations create disappointment and a sense of failure. What I have predicted and what we reach for are not the same thing. And do you have figures for what you might reach for, Denise? - Hmm. -(CHUCKLING) Why did Moray not make this presentation himself? Please don't hold this one small omission against him, sir. Moray has built The Paradise from nothing. He knows better than anyone how to make the store a success. Your proposal meets with my satisfaction, Denise. But I have other considerations to take into account. I will not keep you waiting too long for an answer. Thank you, sir. He's a very fortunate fellow. I hope he knows it. I found her sitting in my chair, as though she were trying out the throne. Do you suppose I haven't done the same? And Sam. I once found Arthur sitting there. We're all allowed to daydream, Moray. There's no harm in it. Sorry, I seem to be jumping at shadows, don't I? You know why. You're consumed with such underhand business with Jonas and Fenton that you refuse to notice that Ballantine's the perfect financier for you. Why is that? Because Denise... found him. She wooed him. She brought you a gift! She did it for you because she loves you. You've lost sight of what really matters. Instead you prefer to dally with Katherine Weston in the hope that you can... Who knows what? (SIGHING) I've been an almighty fool, Dudley. You have. And what do you propose to do about it? (GUNSHOT) I did not come to your room to frighten you, Katherine. I came to look at you. I have received an offer to sell The Paradise. Why would you want to do such a thing? I've decided it is for the best. - No, you can't! - I can. I'm your husband. What I decide will prevail. But it makes no sense. Last night, Katherine, I came to your room to tell you I don't want to lose you. What if we were to stop? Stop... punishing one another. What if we were to say, "We are married now. "We can make a life." Flora adores you. We have a child to care for. I promise you, I will always be here. I will not break my word. KATHERINE: "My dear Moray, "1 must put upon your good nature and your kindness towards me once more ”and ask that you come to meet with me urgently. ”Please forgive my haste. 1 will explain when 1 see you. 'Katherine. ” John? Are you going out? Darling, I, uh, I have an appointment to see Campbell Ballantine. I took your advice and approached him. That's wonderful. I'm so pleased. It's, uh... Clara, isn't it? It is, sir. If you'll excuse me. I'd like a word with you, Clara. (INAUDIBLE) Did you tell him? I wouldn't do such a thing. You did. I saw you. I saw you speaking with my husband. He was inviting me, inviting all of the girls to his birthday party to please you. There, do you see now? Do you see now why I must leave him? - What is there to see? - I don't deserve a man like him. The more devoted he is to me, the more I wait for the day when he sees me as I truly am. I tricked him. - I bewitched him. - What do you mean? When I was nursing him, there was one night... Oh, he... He looked so handsome when he was sleeping and... I couldn't seem to stop myself. I kissed him. I feel like I've stolen his soul in his sleep and that's why he loves me. Why would you torment yourself with such superstition? Do you really think he's so easily fooled? You did not steal his love, you did not trick him. Look, listen to me, -do you love him? - Of course. Then love him. That's all he wants from you. Love him and you'll be rid of your torments. If you leave him, you'll curse yourself for the rest of your days. To hell with what other people think of you. Your husband adores you. You've been lucky in finding such a man. Why not just accept your Luck? (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) Don't look so startled, Denise. I thought you'd be pleased to see me. lam, Mr Ballantine, it’s just... I am glad to see you. I had hoped that Moray would have had the good grace to send me a note, at least. He's made no contact with you? Perhaps that is just as well. I am tempted by this place, Denise. - I want to invest. - Well, that is wonderful news. Thank you. But one of the things I've had to consider is this. I could just as well buy the store, put in a manager, someone I could trust. Someone I have faith in. Someone with vision. - Ambition. - Please, sir. Before any such considerations, I implore you to meet with Moray, hear him talk about this place. I am certain you'll want to do business with him. (CHUCKLING) Very well. I will trust your judgement in this, Denise. Thank you, sir. And... thank you. You could take on a new calling, Edmund. My house needs painting. (CHUCKLING) (BREATHING HEAVILY) At what cost to you? I know I'm a married man. I have a new life. I know it. (SIGHING) I feel like my old life's been taken away from me. I've been robbed of it. I can't let it go. Not yet. Not like this. -(GROANING) - Edmund. Edmund, what's wrong? Easy, easy. - Edmund. -(GROANING) - You all right? -(GROANING) Edmund! Uncle! - Edmund. Go. - Uncle! DENISE: Get help. DUDLEY: Go! Uncle Edmund, it's Denise. He will recover from this. He'll need rest. A lifetime of rest. He's been like a father to me. I was so caught up in my own concerns that I had no time for him. The last time I spoke to him, I was chiding him. The next time you speak to him, be sure to make him laugh. Where's john? If he knew what had happened, I am certain he would want to be with you here. You haven't answered my question, Dudley. Where is he? Thank you for coming. (SIGHING) - Katherine... - Will you allow me to speak, while it is all clear to me and I have the resolve? I am a mother now. I have the responsibility of a child. I can't bear to think that my actions might cause fear for that dear girl. Do you see? I must forbid myself from seeing you alone. Yes. Yes, I see. This must be the last time. Then I would not want to burden you with any more anxiety, Katherine. - I will go. - Perhaps... a few moments more? When I am alone, my thoughts are governed by reason. But when I am with you, it is different. I am overcome with the wish just to look at you, to touch your hand. (SIGHING) I said I wanted you to come to me in your distress. My concern for you, Katherine, has been entirely genuine. I want you to know that. - But I came here today... - No. I love Denise. - I cannot in any way... - You were always true to her. With all my heart, yes. I will stand on my own. Katherine? (SOBBING) Did he do this to you? (SNIFFLING) I can't help myself. (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) Denise. I am sorry I wasn't here with you. You were with Katherine, weren't you? Look at me and tell me where you've been. I have... I have been with Katherine. I've not betrayed you. I wish to be alone with my uncle. Please let me sit in peace with my uncle. (ALL CHEERING AND LAUGHING) Five years. It's wonderful. All is well? All is well. (ALL CHEERING) (BREATHING HEAVILY) Think it's about time I retired, isn't it? I am not going to chide you, if that's what you want. (CHUCKLING) What I want is a cup of tea. You always said I make the worst cup of tea in the world. Then I want a cup of the worst tea in the world. Why is that pain has to teach us what is right under our noses? Twenty-three years I've loved Audrey, never believing it would be. Now she's wishing for me and I fight it to hold on to a bit of pride. (SIGHING) Well... I'm done fighting now, Denise. (CHUCKLING) Denise, I don't want you to... I know this must be... You must not think of leaving. I'm not going to leave. I belong here. I'd like to introduce you all to someone very special. One of the most celebrated photographers in all of the land. You look like hell. I feel as that's exactly where I'm headed. Our kiss was nothing more than an epilogue to an arduous tale. - I've seen things. - You've imagined things. -It is... -(SCREAMING) It's here! (SCREAMING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 