L.A.'s Finest: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 L.A.'s Finest 
 s1e11 - Thief - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 L.A.'s Finest (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Thief - full transcript 
 After a stunning discovery. Syd and McKenna debate who they can trust moving forward while also investigating a death that took place at a scenic Los Angeles park. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "L.A.'s Finest"... Our target is Bishop Duvall. He's a new supplier of fentanyl in L.A. I want to be in business with you, Mr. Duvall. I know you set up shop in L.A., and I can launder your money for you. This place is not up to my usual standards. How long did you say this guy's gonna be here? You wanted to help and this is what I need. I need a secure location for Nina's money-laundering operation. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm Jen. It's a pleasure to meet you. Jen! What did you take? What did y... What do you want? Arlo... He wanted me to tell you something. Dante threatened to cut a deal in exchange for what he knows about your mother's death. The only way to protect the both of you is for Nico to turn himself in. I can get the judge to consider trying him as a juvenile, but only if he shows good faith and comes forward. I planted software in Bishop Duvall's computer. I got confirmation that Gabriel Knox is buying his supply of fentanyl in 10 days. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're gonna take him down. Everything you think you know, Syd... everything is wrong. What are you talking about? I am... Gabriel Knox. Syd say something. I don't... I don't get it. You are Gabriel Knox. Got it. Okay. How? Okay. The South American cartels and the Miami distributors have always had an upper hand. You know this, Syd. And if were going to win this war on drugs, we had to do something different. So the top brass at the DEA decided, "we're going to do something totally radical. We're going to be the biggest operation in town and put everybody else out of business." That way, we can control the quality of the product that's coming in to the city, we can control the flow, and, eventually, we can shut it down. So we created a program, a government-sanctioned cartel. We know our government has done some foul shit. This isn't news. You and I were supposed to be different. We were. That's why they tapped me for this program. Listen, every cartel needs a kingpin, so we created one. We just came up with a name... Gabriel Knox. It was a fabricated identity. The DEA supported us, off the books, so we can run any other rival drug dealers out of business, but what we needed was somebody who was connected to the criminal underworld, who could sell Gabriel Knox as legit... Carlene Hart. But what were you doing? Feeding her intel on undercover operations, on my undercover operation? I didn't know this thing was going to get as big as it did, all right? Our little business became an empire. Besides, I tried to convince you not to get on the Knox case, but you wouldn't listen. You didn't try hard enough. I was tortured, Warren. I was shot. That's because Carlene went rogue, Syd. No, no, no! You went rogue, Warren, on me! I was pregnant! Look. Even if I knew... I couldn't have done anything differently. Wow. And when that happened, I shut the program down. Carlene lost it. I mean, she blew a gasket. She took all the resources that we had developed together, shipped them out to L.A., and made herself the West Coast Knox liaison. As soon as I found out, I came out here to try to stop her, but more importantly, I came out here to try to save you. I wouldn't have needed saving if you had warned me! I tried to tell you not to get in that car. I loved you. I was carrying our baby. I deserve more. I know that after everything you've been through, you can't see it any other way, but I did the right thing by not telling you. I did what was necessary. Get out. Syd. Get out! So that's it, huh? Just paperwork now. Yeah. I mean, Patrick says once the plea deal goes through, this is all behind us. So, there's no indictment? We caught a break. Sure, but after the ink is dry, it's not over. I mean, not for me. I mean, after my... my supervisor finds out, I know I'm gonna get fired. It's not gonna be the same, Nance. We'll get through this, okay? What? I... I just always wondered what your family would have thought about me. And the last thing I ever wanted was to become some kind of charity case. Stop it. We're family. You're my brother. We're blood. A-and Patrick and Izzy are your family, too. Family doesn't do charity. Thanks, Nance. I got to go. Family does do the dishes, especially when I cook. All this time, Warren was a damn liar? Yep. For five years. Mm-hmm. What can we do? Turn him in? I mean, there's got to be something. Gabriel Knox is a fake drug kingpin of a government program, so who the hell do we turn him in to? So what do I do now? Swish, swish. I know it sounds corny, but an old friend used to say to me, "a shark will die if it stops swimming." You have to be a shark. Keep moving forward. Swish, swish. You know, the tail... Nice set-up you got here, Fletch. New business venture we should know about? It's all legal in California, Syd. I did a deal with the grower. I wrote some software that senses when a crop needs water, fertilizer, you know, and delivers it automatically, all in exchange for me to work up here. Why do you need to work up here? It's all about the view. So I can keep an eye on that. Since you got me access to Bishop's system, I've been digging around a little bit. Um, most of his businesses are shells. Nothing but nonsense. Except for that one. It's the only legitimate revenue. It's an import business. - What's it importing? - Fireworks. He brings them in from Shanghai. Did you know 93% of all the fireworks in America are Chinese? So even the 4th of July is made in China. You know what else is made in China? Fentanyl. And the way Bishop's guys are coming in and out of that building, I think this is where he's doing all his business. You know, Fletch, that's some halfway decent detective work. You gonna give me a badge and a gun? Hell no. So now that we know where this is going down, do we know what they're saying inside? Have you bugged it yet? I can get you the hardware, but it's kind of hard to be inconspicuous when you're seven foot and sexy. That's why I called the professionals. What's going on? You guys might want to take cover... Now. Why? Oh, damn it, Fletcher! Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com Please forgive me, but why are you so troubled? The cards indicate success, a triumph. I've always been a problem-solver, Juanita. When your readings indicate trouble, it helps me gain a new perspective. I'm more focused. It's the idle moments, the impending triumph when one is most vulnerable. What is it you seek? Even with imminent success, I'd like an insurance policy. The upright empress indicates an abundance of blessings, a celebration of your feminine strengths. Any insurance policy you desire, she will provide. She represents something else, doesn't she? Motherhood. Fertility. Thank you, Juanita. Bishop told me that the deal with Knox/Carlene is in 10 days. How do we get them to talk about the Carlene fentanyl deal? Probably time we bring back Jodee and Nina and rattle their cages. Look who made it. - Somebody had a party. - That's our victim. He smells like he bathed in gin. There's a tan line from where the watch was. No sign of that watch. No wallet on his person or in his car over there, either. - Witnesses? - No, it was still dark. We're canvassing the area, but it's all transients. They either didn't see anything or they don't want to talk to us. We're thinking it's a robbery that went wrong. Check that out. Car battery thieves usually don't leave the hood open. Or maybe our thief was in a hurry, you know, like he shot someone. Even if he saw someone get shot, I'm sure he would have been in a hurry, just the same. So we might have a witness. I think I know this guy. Seriously? I knew it. It's Triple D! - Huh? - You know, ♪ "If you need a tuck or a nip, you need Triple D... ♪ ♪ Dr. Davy DeWitt" ♪ Seriously. You... you're gonna tell me you didn't see... Baines, you recognize the victim from that? No, not from the ad. From season 12 of "Wives of Leisure." It's this reality show with all these drunk, rich women - who just argue with each other. - Oh, I know! "Wives of Leisure: Miami" was a whole thing. Well, you know how many of his recaps I've had to sit through? That is a whole thing. And it was time well spent. And if you remember, I told you about this arc where Dr. David DeWitt came on and he botched up Imelda's breast lift. Was Imelda the one that flipped the tables, or was she the one that had the dog café? No, no, no. Valentina is the table flipper. Yeah, you like her? Greta is the dog café girl. Now, Imelda... she has a pilates empire, right? She brings on Dr. DeWitt, confronts him about the botched-up job, right? - Dude refuses to apologize. - What? And he was greasy about it, so... I can totally see why somebody would want to kill him. Okay, okay. Well, I looked into it, and DeWitt has five malpractice suits against him, - one of which is Imelda's. - Hmm! So at least five people would want to shoot him in the middle of the night. But Imelda... she's in Cuba on a rum tour until the end of the month. So we should question everyone who isn't in Cuba. What about his personal life? Does he have, like, siblings? Is he married? His emergency contact is actually his business partner. Let's bring him in, too. Yeah. Why did I let you fill my backroom with the guts of the starship enterprise if you're just gonna sit here, taking up a table that could go to paying customers? What paying customers? Oh. I see why you moved operation to the front of the house. Look, Syd's friend is here to work, not get ogled by you. Her? Get out of here. Why? Did she say something? Syd told me that Jen got in a little trouble. She needed a less dramatic line of work, no questions asked. So don't ask any questions. Me? I am the soul of discretion. So, what are you working on that you can't do in the back? Trying to get into Bishop Duvall's warehouse. Sydney needs eyes and ears on the inside. - Building have any elevators? - No elevator. No recurring services according to financials. Nothing ordered online. See? That's your problem. Not everybody lives their life on the web. Oh, that's right. You're gonna tell me about back in the day before everyone had a cellphone in their pocket. No. What I was gonna tell you is that if I worked in a warehouse in Chinatown and needed to schedule a service appointment, I'd probably pick up the phone. Phone records. Now, order something or go back to your techno-cave. - Jen? - Hmm? Fletcher wants you. I... I want to order you. I want to order from you. What are you drinking? A Virgin Bloody Mary, please. You want a... tomato juice? Yeah. Can I just say something for the record? That bastard finally got what was coming to him. I don't like to speak ill of the dead, but good riddance. You know, obviously, we are speaking to everyone that may have a grievance with Dr. DeWitt. So I'm a suspect? Uh, you filed a malpractice suite against him. You're obviously upset. Not enough to kill him. Dead men don't pay settlements. How long did you and Dr. DeWitt work together? Almost four years. Davy was... A real mentor to me, in spite of all his flaws. You should have seen the jowls I had before. I was so thrilled with what Dr. DeWitt did up here. So much so that I went back to him for my Brazilian butt lift. And that didn't go as well? You ever see a pillowcase full of doorknobs? How does a guy like Dr. DeWitt stay in business with a reputation like that? Business had to have taken a hit with all those lawsuits. After "Wives of Leisure," he was very in demand. Obviously, he lied when he said he did the surgery hundreds of times, but I thought it was true because he was listed on "SoCal's Best Doctors." Davy was a genius... when it came to everything above the neck. His results from the collarbone down were less, um... well, consistent. I believed him. I trusted him. He was so charming, and he was confident. I mean, when he turned on the charm, he could convince anyone to do anything... Even if he wasn't the best doctor for the job. So you can't think of anyone who may have wanted him killed? I just can't imagine. I only hope the practice can survive without him. Um... If either of you ever want to take care of those, uh, frown lines... Obviously, DeWitt was the charming one. Thank you. So where we at? Oh, we got three people with what I would call lukewarm motive at best. All right. Well, we'll track down alibis on all three of them, but I do not buy that they took his wallet - and his watch. - Yeah. So, do we chase the robbery angle? Start checking pawn shops for the watch? - Hmm. - What about the car battery thief? What did patrol say when they canvassed the area? Bunch of car batteries were reported stolen in the vicinity of the park, and some of the cars were hit twice, so I guess the suspect waited for the owners to replace the stolen batteries and then stole them again. Well, if he's returning to the same cars, why don't we just go back to that area that he already hit once and just wait? Might be dumb enough to do it again. Syd. Officer Martinez to processing, please. Officer Martinez. I'll get rid of him and meet you downstairs. Trouble in paradise? More like a Tsunami. - You're leaving. - Syd, just... No. You don't think we should talk about this? I said everything I need to say. Look, Syd. I know better than anybody how Carlene works. Now, if you want to do this thing without getting yourself killed, you got to know what I know. Just five minutes. I gave you five years! Syd. That's all the time you're going to get. All right, so... Warren didn't apologize at all? Nope. Tried to dangle intel on Carlene to get back in my good graces. Huh. What? - What? - Nothing. I mean, I'm not saying you should get back together with the guy. I'm just saying that, like, he may actually want to get Carlene as much as you do. Warren wants to cover his ass by using us to do his dirty work to clean up his mess. So no! Would Jodee have Nina's back if some douchebag screwed her over? - Hmm? - 'Cause I think I'd rather see Jodee than McKenna right now. Nina would use Warren to get what she wanted because Nina is all business, and she'd totally understand where I'm coming from. I'm all business, too, but sometimes even in business, you got to draw a line somewhere. Well, isn't the bottom line the only line that matters in business? Why are we still having this conversation? Drop it. - Playing devil's advocate. - Hi. Nina Beckham and devil's advocate. We're expected. Hey, ladies. Oh, I am so sorry for the delayed response. Sometimes I tend to zone out during periods of self-maintenance. Sound baths are my particular favorite way of dispersing tensions from our society. I see you have a whole tower of incense. I love the smell of appropriation in the morning. Can we have some privacy? Oh. Oh, the brothers. Oh, we're fine. My friend at the LAPD said they're building a case on you. Here's the file. Check the date. What do they know? You can see that they circled the exact day your shipment is expected to arrive. They've already looped in port of L.A., coast guard. D.A. can't be far behind. Okay, all right. So what do we do? Well, I mean, they know pieces, but they don't know the whole story. Is the product en route? - No, not yet. - Great. Then we have time. - Can we change the route? - Of course you can. It's all about the timeline. Okay, so how many days can we expedite the shipment? Okay, listen. You two... let's just pull back on the reins a little bit here, huh? Why don't we just not do this? Well, Bishop, that's up to you, but after the whole color party fiasco, I don't really think that you can afford another misfire, do you? Look, your product is top-rate, you know? Nobody can take that away from you. But word gets out that Bishop Duvall brings too much heat, you're sitting on warehouses of fentanyl that you can't move. At the end of the day, dealers need to sell something, and there's always going to be more product. But, you know, hey, it's... it's totally up to you. We ran the numbers on what you'll lose if the deal falls apart, I can review that with you, if you'd like. No, no, no, no. Fine. We'll do it your way. We'll expedite this shipment. I'll get you details as soon as I have them. But now? The brothers are going to have to release some blocked energy. If you'll excuse me... Nice pants. I'll tell you the best part of having babies in the house. Aquaphor. Now, the jar may say it's for newborns, but men of our age can use it for anything. I'm talking about chapped lips, swamp ass. - Swamp what? - Yep. Just dab a little bit on there. I don't know anything about that. - What's the good word? - Hey, McKenna. Do women know about swamp ass? - Was that your nickname in high school? - Wow. Look. Is it just me, or does that shopping cart look like it's full of car batteries? Be right back. Hey, can we talk to you for a sec? We're with the LAPD. We just have a couple of questions. I didn't, uh, do anything. You want to tell us why you got all these car batteries? Jump in anytime, fellas. I was holding coffee. You had it under control. Yeah, no thanks to you, swamp ass. You can take one off. Emilio, right? Figured you'd appreciate the sugar. So you served in the army? How long you been out? Where'd they have you stationed? Out east. A man was shot near Echo Park. You had his wallet and his watch, so my colleagues think you shot him. I think you were just out there stealing batteries and you saw what happened. If you saw something, don't let the killer get away with it. I mean, to be honest, the story writes itself. Drug addict, veteran, PTSD, snaps and shoots somebody. Come on, man. Don't let them take you out like that. Emilio. This is serious. Besides, it paints us all with the same brush. Yeah, I served. Navy. Talk to me. Hey. Okay. Just think about it. Let me guess. He didn't want to talk. And you know why? Because he's guilty. Benavides is supposed to be on active duty, but the army has him listed as AWOL. - What? - That'd explain his combat training, but apparently, he was supposed to be on temporary leave but never went back to his unit. That explains the stonewalling. It's not because he killed DeWitt. It's because he thinks I'm going to turn him in to the military police. He was at the scene of the crime. He had stolen literally all of the victim's stuff. Think about it. Things have gone from bad to worse for this poor kid. He's on the street, homeless, addicted to drugs, and he's stealing batteries. Lithium strips from batteries are used to make meth. - He's a tweaker. - Okay, but that makes him a drug addict, not a murderer. Fine. How about this? We... hold him overnight. A few hours without a fix, I'm sure he'll be willing to talk. What? Too harsh? No, I mean, yeah, it's cold, but I can't think of a better idea. So, what's with the face? What face? The face you make when you're convinced there's a problem. Oh, this isn't about Emilio. I've been thinking about our plan with Bishop. I have some concerns. The plan worked. He called a meeting with his inner circle. And that gives us, what, maybe 24 hours max to get the building wired? We can't exactly, you know, walk in there as Jodee and Nina. Jodee and Nina aren't even supposed to know the warehouse exists. We need someone else to do it, someone we can trust. You want us to what? So, is this what you've been doing on your, like, personal errands this whole time? The Knox task force is shut down. You're not at all worried this will just blow up on all of us. The task force has been put on hold, yes. Bishop and Carlene's deal isn't. You're asking us to help you with an illegal wiretap. I know what we're asking you to do. It's also the only way we can get this done. If you don't want to do it, then you can just say no. Oh. Damn. I mean, you didn't have to get all Nancy Reagan on us. Yeah, we're in, we're in. Obviously. We need eyes and ears inside the building so we can get intel on Bishop's operation. Fletcher over there has figured out a way to get us in. Yeah, I have the phone records. Wait, how do you have access to those? Wait, should he have access to those? How do you know this guy again? It doesn't matter, Walker. And they've made, uh, at least four calls to four different exterminators in the last few months. Apparently, they have a rat problem. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I also have a rat problem. I mean, who... who doesn't have a problem with rats? - They... they carry the plague. - Baines, just chill. No, no, no, no. I have a rat thing, man. I thought you had a clown thing. I would run through a field of clowns naked to avoid a rat. Wait, are you naked, or are the clowns naked? Guys, you'll be fine, okay? The whole rat thing... it reminded me of something that happened in Miami a few years ago. In order to get into an ecstasy dealer's house, my brother and his partner posed as exterminators. It can work. I promise you. And there'll be no naked clowns. Why can't we go, like, as cable guys or something? Uh, cable guy, rat guy, whatever, we're still just going in there blind. No. Syd, me, and Fletcher will be in your ears. We'll guide you through once you step into the building. You guys will arrive first thing in the morning, just as they're finishing their coffee. And Joseph will go with you. He'll pose as your supervisor. He'll run interference with security. Give you guys time to plant the bugs. If we didn't think this would work, we wouldn't be asking you guys, all right? It's a no-brainer. We know you guys can do it. All right. For the record, this is all messed up, but I don't want them drugs on the street, so... Fine, we're in. But we... we don't really have to deal with rats, though, right? Syd. Excuse me, gentlemen. This is private property. We're the exterminators. Someone called our emergency line about a rat problem. I think you got mixed up. Nobody told me you were coming. Mixed up or not, looks like you definitely need our help. Oh, hell, no. Where there's one, there's more. Unless you want us to leave, it's your call. - He gonna be okay? - Who, me? Man, look. I ain't afraid of no rat. He's more of a-a roach specialist. He's just filling in. There's a whole colony over at city hall, so most of our rat guys are over there. You know how it is. When the mayor's on the phone, you have to answer the call. None of the other guys got rid of them. You guys got some sort of guarantee or something? Look... Kirby, the rate these guys are multiplying in your walls and your ceiling, you don't let us get started, you're gonna have to pack it up 'cause they are gonna stage a hostile takeover. You can have somebody else come in here, but sounds like you tried everybody else in town. So who are you gonna call? Fine. Just get rid of them. They've been crapping on the couch in the break room over there. Listen, I'm gonna need you to do some paperwork. Our contracts are fairly extensive, so... - This might take a minute. - All right. Okay. Here are the floor plans. You get them to that back office, and I'll handle the rest. Hey, guys. Joseph's got the security guard tied up with paperwork, so he's out of your way. Just keep your eyes open. The office is in the southeast corner from where you're at. Got it. What's up? Warren. I... I don't even think I've processed it yet. It's a lot to process. I mean, a part of me just wants to... And another part of me is just pissed at myself. I let him in. It's like every time I let my guard down, I just get gut punched over and over and over again. Hey. That's on me. Syd, you know what I'm gonna say. If you mention that damn shark, I will kill you. You have to forgive yourself. Otherwise, it's impossible to move on. And if you get hung up in the past, it can literally kill you. It's killing me now. What you guys up here whispering about? - Did you see that rat out there? - Do me a favor. Never volunteer for undercover again. - Dear God, what are they eating? - Fletcher, we're in. I'm gonna need full camera coverage in that office, plus audio surveillance just for back-up. I need you to initial here, here, and here. Then we'll get into the real meat of the contract. How long is this thing? - What? - Walker. Okay, listen. There is a big freaking rat up there. You do it. Come on. I'm telling you, man. It's a man-eater. It's as big as my face. Whoa. You know what? We got some real rat poison in these bags. Why don't you just plant some up there while you're there? Do you know what's in that stuff? It's inhumane. Well, can we get the hell out of here before we catch the hantavirus? Let's just get this on. Hey! You can't be in here. This zone is restricted. Walker, you're good, right? Restricted? Just tell that to these rats up there, man. What? Look, I can take the bait out of there if you want, but... Hey, man, if you want to expose yourself to all kinds of shit-borne diseases, it's your choice. - What company are you with? - Don't worry about it, man. We're done. Here you go. You're welcome. We good? Live and in living color. Nice work. This will take the edge off. You've been holding out on me? What? No. It's medicinal. Mm-hmm. Emilio. Can't force you to talk, but it can help your case. I read your file. I've been there, too. I went AWOL. See, when I enlisted, I was just some pissed-off kid. Taking orders, you know, really wasn't my thing. I'm not sure why you ran, but me? Man... That first week, it became pretty clear that I was in way over my head. Highland Park tough and Navy tough are two completely different things. I didn't think I could hack it. Luckily, my CO tracked me down, convinced me to stop looking back... ...said the only way to survive in life... ...is to keep moving forward like a shark. Swish, swish. I got the second chance you didn't. Until now. Officer Martinez to processing. Tell us what you saw. If you help us, we will help you. Being the key witness in a homicide case goes a long way towards making things right. All right. I stole the guy's stuff, okay? But I-I didn't kill anybody. I hit the deck when I heard the gunshot. Okay. What about before that? Did you see anyone drive up? Yeah, I was, um... I was working on the batteries. Uh, and then, when I saw the headlights, I ducked between the cars. Did anyone follow them? A car? Uh, I didn't... I didn't see anybody, just the driver, and he was, like, wasted. How did you know it was safe to come out after you heard the shot? I heard the, uh, shooter take off, running away from me, uh, toward Park Avenue. He crossed the intersection, went into an alley, and threw something into the dumpster. So that's when you approached the body? The guy was dead. I figured he didn't need his wallet or his watch. I did. I'm sorry. Look, like you said, I want to make this right. I-I don't even know if I can anymore, but... This is a great first step. Thank you. Detective, this is a surprise. I thought I'd take you up on your offer for a consultation. I have to tell you, I-I don't see a thing. You don't seem to need any work at all. Your skin already has wonderful elasticity. But remember at the station, you said you can do something about my frown lines? Oh, I'm so sorry about that. That was one of Davy's tactics. He'd point out a flaw, gets the patient thinking about getting the work done. But don't you worry. That's not for you. How about you can suggest a skin regiment? Sure, I have a regiment. Uh, the first thing I would do... - Oh, can you write that down? - Okay. All right. Um... I noticed DeWitt's name isn't on the sign out there anymore. Yeah. Davy's death seemed like a sign to start a new chapter. Time to move away from all the troubles of the past, you know? Sounds like he was kind of holding you back. Um, you might be right. Maybe it was... maybe it was time for me to be on my own. Okay. So that should do it. I think we can skip the Botox and fillers for now. You seem to be doing just fine. Oh, great. Thank you for that. That's my pen. What are you doing? You know, I read up on you. Top of your med school. Prestigious Johns Hopkins fellowship. I mean, you're twice the surgeon DeWitt was. It must have made you crazy, botching people's surgeries left and right. Of course. I tried to get him to stop, but he insisted on doing every trendy surgery in the book. But what... what... what's happening with the bag there? Oh. Um, we found the weapon that killed your partner. Uh, good. The killer was very clever, though. Must have worn gloves or... or wiped the gun clean before he threw it in the dumpster, because there was no fingerprints on that thing. - I am so sorry to hear that. - No, it's all good, because the bullets inside are riddled with fingerprints. So you think I killed Davy? Oh, yeah. 100%. So before I get this pen dusted, would you like to tell me anything, Doctor? Davy was a hack. But he didn't care. He made it impossible for me to make a name for myself. Nobody was going to take our practice seriously, not after all that... reality show crap. - Hey, man. - Chill out, man. Uh, you... you were saying? I just couldn't take it anymore. This was my career. All I ever wanted was to be more than just a... a footnote to Triple D. Well, mission accomplished, Doc. Look on the bright side of it. Your name will be in the paper now. Hey, about what you, uh, said to Emilio. I didn't know you went AWOL. Oh, yeah. Like, nobody outside of the Navy knows about it. It wasn't exactly my proudest moment. Yeah, but you went back. Thanks to my CO. Spanish interpreter, interview room 4. What? You have a whole new life. And I'm realizing that... in more ways than one, my life ended when I got in that car with Kobi in Miami. And I've been stuck in that moment ever since. Luckily, I have a friend who, um, told me that I got to just keep moving forward like a shark. If I let Warren back in, that ain't a shark. It's a dog chasing its tail. I got to be a shark. Say it. Mnh-mnh. Mm-hmm. - Swish, swish. - Hmm. Don't ever ask me to say it again. No promises. Your car's here. You... you called the MPs? No. I, uh... I pulled some strings, and I got you into a rehab program. Look, when you're clean, you're going to have a choice to make. You can keep running. If you want, I won't say a word to anyone that I've seen you. Really? Or... If you're tired of looking over your shoulder... ...call me. I'll do everything in my power to get things squared away with you and the army. I hope I hear from you. So all you did was watch? Mm-hmm. Easiest 2 grand I've ever made. Oh, do I do enjoy your sordid tales. You make a mean Bloody Mary. By any chance, you'll trade in in your bag of tricks for a cocktail shaker on a permanent basis? Hmm. For now. I mean, not forever. I like what I do. I'm good at it. Bet you are. On Thursday, but not if we don't get those shipments out. - Sebastian's seafood shack? - Yeah, they're late. We're toast. What in the hell would a seafood restaurant be doing ordering fireworks? - Fire! Fire! - All right! Let's get everybody out! Ohh, this is not good. They never have these things anywhere, you know. Mnh-mnh. I used to, when I was a kid, I'd break off this part and... and be like... just like... - ...cool. - She doesn't care. You seen Syd? You need to leave. Syd told me what you did. I need you to understand that I want to end this Knox thing once and for all, too. What I understand is that you're a coward and you're a piece of shit. Get out. - Think about it. - Hey, you guys need to see this. Crews are responding to a three-alarm fire here in Chinatown. I'm told the warehouse is a commercial fireworks import enterprise. Take a look at the dramatic scene. Somehow this feels like your fault. I bet you it was that rat that was biting on the wires. - Mm-hmm. - Now he's burnt to shit. How humane is that? You can see from that footage the building is fully engulfed as crews continue to battle the flames. We're now hearing from employees that smoke detectors failed to sound the alarm... You guys just added the... the fake fire alarms, right? You didn't... you didn't swap out the real ones? Uh, we swapped them out. Because... 'cause it would have looked weird with two smoke detectors right there. Right. Yeah. You saw the news? Yeah, and so did Bishop. We've been summoned. Ahh! Ahh! Whoo! I'm sure you've heard about my warehouse burning to the damn ground. I mean, it was all over the news. Yeah, the... the rats chewing through the wiring. Sucks. Ooh, there was rats all right. See this? This is a burnt smoke alarm. Yeah. The irony would be downright hilarious, if we hadn't pulled a wire from a bug from it. The warehouse was tapped? That's my bet, and I'm guessing it's the LAPD. I gave you the file that... that they were building. You know, they were building a case on you. I... Yeah. You warned me, yeah, which is exactly why you are both here right now because I want to find out who broke my circle of trust. I don't understand. Wait, you don't think... You know what? I don't know what to think right now. That's why you're here. We're getting to the bottom of this whole thing... you and me. - All parties involved. - All parties involved? What are you... what are you talking about? Speak of the devil. And she appears. Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 