L.A.'s Finest: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 L.A.'s Finest 
 s1e10 - Enemy of the State - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 L.A.'s Finest (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Enemy of the State - full transcript 
 Isabel does some digging in Nancy's past. Nico has a big decision to make. La's Finest continue to investigate Squeakie's murder and the heist. Nancy embeds herself further into Bishops operations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "L.A.'s Finest"... [Gunshots] Our victim over here is Lonnie Emmons, 35 years old. - Shot in the back three times. - It's done. He would've gotten us all caught. You know that. Mrs. Emmons, we believe your husband may have been involved in a heist at the diamond reserve. - Possibly with Romeo. - It's always the cleaning crew, huh? I told you I'd be back for my money, - you son of a bitch! - I got $500 in my pocket right now... - You're coming with me, Romeo. - LAPD! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You need to make sure I make bail. I came here yo help. What did you... What did you do? [Retches] - [Sirens wailing] - [Gun cocks] - Get on the ground! Don't move! - What's going on? Who are you? Dante Sherman is a fugitive. You're ready to be honest with me? Dante, who is he to you? You're leaving? You're not even gonna say goodbye? Nina Beckham. Bishop Duvall. She's a long-lost friend from Miami. One of Syd's cover names in Miami was Nina Beckham. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hello, Nina's friend. What's your name? - Jodee. - We had an agreement. Your job is to make sure the DEA is an asset, - not not an adversary. - And I held up my end. I'm investigating a rumor of corruption in the police department. I've sent you the file. - Nico? - Yeah. I'm your brother-in-law, Patrick. Can I come in? ♪♪ [Laughter] - ♪ Dressed to the nines ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Feel so divine ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Freezer keepin' time ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ ♪ Water into wine ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Careful, don't drown ♪ ♪ Homey be playin', I guess he a clown ♪ ♪ Ain't seen me yet but obsessed with the sound ♪ ♪ Got on my Ray-Bans, not messin' around ♪ ♪ Make your... Hit the road, Jack ♪ ♪ Water into wine, but I will sip the cognac ♪ ♪ Sweet like a lollipop, boo'd up with Kojak ♪ ♪ I ain't horsin' 'round wit' ya now, this ain't BoJack ♪ ♪ Not on no fake shit, flows like Oasis ♪ ♪ Both eyes wide open, they ready for Lasik ♪ ♪ I run this like Asics, I'm shinin' like braces ♪ ♪ To slick when I slide, all these... Basic ♪ ♪ I ain't be worried 'bout it, but they should learn about it ♪ ♪ Bank roll can't grow, need to fertilize it ♪ ♪ Too legit to quit, stamp it up and certify it ♪ ♪ Signed, sealed, and delivered, know you heard about it ♪ - ♪ Walk into the club ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - [Machine-gun fire] - ♪ Got a lot of love ♪ - ♪ Diamonds like a flood ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Fillin' up my tub ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Dressed to the nines ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Feel so divine ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Freezer keepin' time ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ - ♪ Water into wine ♪ - ♪ Drip ♪ ♪ It go on and on and on, it go on and on and on ♪ ♪ It go on and on and on, it go on and on and on ♪ BISHOP: Nina Beckham! Look at you! - I love the suit. - When you called the meeting, I assumed you meant business attire. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's not go getting ahead of ourselves. We're not in business together yet. Then what am I doing here? Oh, this is just a simple, little test to see how you react to... spontaneity. All right. Thank you. Which one? The little one on the right. - Nice. - This is what you do for fun? Today. We'll see what tomorrow brings. ♪♪ I got one more target for you. All right. This way. ♪ Drip ♪ ♪ Drip ♪ ♪ Drip ♪ [Muffled grunting] What the hell is this? [Sighs] This is a Metzger. Metzger here used to clean my cash until I found out that he was gonna sell me out. So what's he doing here, Bishop? Loyalty, or as in his lack thereof, and your prerequisite for the job. You want me to shoot him? I just want a demonstration of your loyalty. [Muffled grunting] Come on. What's it gonna be, Nina? I get it. So a mutual friend recommends that we work together, but since you've never heard of me, you think I'm small-time. But the gag is, Bishop, so are you, which is probably why you feel like you got to play games in order to prove that you're legit. Honey, I was moving millions in South Beach while you were still selling dime bags in the Venice canals. You want to measure dicks? Call your little goons and buy a ruler. You want to talk business, call me when you grow up. Nina, wait. ♪♪ [Gun clicks] You're so uptight! The thing's not even loaded. Look, I had this whole thing planned. You were gonna pull the trigger, and I was gonna be like, "Whoa! Man, this chick is legit loyal!" Metzger's not my money guy. He's just a buddy of mine who lost a bet. But you're a pro, so let's talk business. Let's. Okay, so, I did my research on you. You found a new way to turn small bills into big bills. Vending machines... Unregulated cash business operating solely on ones and fives. I cleaned more than $50 million before the feds caught on. That's brilliant. But don't you think a relationship as dynamic as ours might need something new, something unique? I mean, what do you say? Consider it done. All right. Oh, Nina. This is gonna be fun. ♪♪ ♪ Walk up in the club, got it, got it ♪ NANCY: Hey. Thanks for coming so fast. Yeah, I'm actually glad you called. Nice house, Nance. ♪♪ Don't be too hard on him. I'm the one who thought it'd be better to talk at your place. Dante threatened to cut a deal in exchange for what he knows about your mother's death. When we catch him, and we will, - he's gonna tell what he knows. - You ain't catching Dante. And even if you did, he ain't talking. Nico, things are different now. He's desperate. They may be different for you, but Dante ain't no snitch. Got to get ahead of this. The only way to protect the both of you is for Nico to turn himself in. - What?! - No. That ain't happening. You were 12 years old, and it's a clear case of self-defense. You were both victims of abuse. We can plead Nico down to manslaughter. I can get the judge to consider trying him as a juvenile, but only if he shows good faith and comes forward. - You okay with this, Nancy? - No. No! I... This is the first time I'm hearing about this! - Dante's not gonna tell! - What if he does? I mean, we were... We were underage. And they would have medical records that would show a pattern of abuse. Dante's got our backs. Always has, always will. If a warrant goes out for Nico, there's nothing more I can do. ♪♪ I just... I just... I just need some time to think. Think? Think about what? I ain't turning myself in. ♪♪ [Whispering] Nico... ♪♪ What if Patrick's right? Yeah? What if he's not? Don't worry about it. I got this. How could you put me in this position?! I was trying to protect you. By going to my brother? How'd you even find him? Oh, my God. - You had me investigated. - I was investigating Dante. Besides, we have bigger problems right now. - What could possibly be bigger than this? - Dante isn't the only one who knows your secret. Someone is after Syd, and they are using you and Nico as leverage. Who? A woman came to me... A high-profile fixer. Her name is Carlene Hart. Dan Howser told me that I could trust her. Clearly, it was a mistake. Clearly. She gave me a file on Syd. Arson, possession, redistribution of fentanyl. Doesn't look good. ♪♪ It's not what it looks like. Carlene is a power player. She is pressuring me to investigate Syd, or she comes forward about your mom's murder. One accusation from this woman, and our lives are torn apart. So you decided that... ...Nico should turn himself in. It is the only way we get out from under this secret, - and I can help. - How? How is this helping? I'd have to recuse myself from the case, but I could protect your brother from the sidelines. You can't guarantee that. And, besides, it's never the crime, it's the cover-up. And we've been hiding this and lying about this for 20 years. If this goes sideways, Nico's life is ruined. I could get fired. Your career will be destroyed. And we haven't even talked about Izzy. Izzy will understand. Okay, whatever comes from this, we will face the consequences together. It's going to come to light one way or the other. These things always do. At least my way, we can have a handle on it. Just talk to Nico. I'll think about it. - [Grunting] - ♪ I do it ♪ ♪ I do it ♪ ♪ I do it, I do it major ♪ Still pissed at your husband, huh? This whole Nico thing is just... It sucks. I hate to say it, but I really think Patrick was just trying to help. Don't take his side. Okay. Enjoy your rage. Get it out. [Bell dings] ♪ I do it major ♪ ♪♪ ♪ I do it big ♪ ♪ That's how I live ♪ Do you remember her yet? Show me the picture one more time. ♪ Throw a party big enough to lift the block up ♪ ♪ Never shut it down, even if the police pop up ♪ Carlene Hart. ♪ You should know we major, ain't nobody gonna stop us ♪ Holy shit. I think I met her at Patrick's presser. Thought she was trying to pick me up. - Really? - Yeah. You think she works for Gabriel Knox? Who else would try to come at me so hard? - Have Patrick look into me. - What? - Yeah. - No way. I'm not letting you take a hit for something I started. Besides, we covered our tracks. "Covered our tracks"... that just makes us sound so guilty. I know, right? So what do we do? - [Bell dings] - We don't do anything. This is between me and Nico. You need to worry about... [Grunts] how to get Bishop Duvall's money laundered. Did you get approval from LAPD? Oh, LAPD can't be trusted. You can't exactly do this alone. Alone? You think I'm leaving "Jodee" on the sidelines? Hell no. I got a plan. - Uh-oh. - Yeah? Huh? ♪♪ [Thunder crashes] Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com [Siren wailing in distance] ♪♪ Get that out of my face. You scared the shit out of me. NICO: Damn. Who else could it have been? Oh, I don't know. The D.A.? Oh, bro, relax. He doesn't even know you're here. Neither does Nancy. Why was he here? He knows about my mom. Yeah. They want me to confess, - turn myself in. - What? Yeah, bro. You got them all scared after you told them you were gonna talk. I mean, you really weren't gonna say anything, right? I don't know. Well, I do. Man, they put you in a shitty position. I mean, Nancy shouldn't have arrested you. I didn't really give her much choice. - No, man. - I killed that bastard Arlo. Had to, for Ray. I can't believe you did this. - Perez is gonna be pissed. - Her bad for telling me she was gonna get you sent to the hospital. [Both laugh] I hope my boys didn't, uh, mess you up when they snatched you out of that ambulance. Oh, I been through worse. Look, I-I don't want to ruin things between you and your sister. She's taking care of that herself. Your boy, uh, Patel, he's coming through with those new I.D.s? Yeah, tomorrow. Hey. I really appreciate this. Come on, man. You've always been there for me, even when she wasn't. I'm just returning the favor, man. ♪♪ - Cheers, brother. - Cheers. ♪♪ This place is not up to my usual standards. I mean, the wiring's a hot mess, ambience certainly leaves a lot to be desired, but I'll make do. How long did you say this guy's gonna be here? Just, like, a few days. Or... weeks. Give or take. Can I get you something? I don't drink. My body's a temple. More like a tent pole. So all the men in your family have anger issues. - I get it. - You said you wanted to help, and this is what I need. I need a secure location for Nina's money-laundering operation. NANCY: I mean, this is... it's not exactly sanctioned by the LAPD. Everything is "need to know." And this guy needs to know? He's got a specialized skill set. Which reminds me... Hey, Fletch, I need you to write some malware. I need a backdoor into Bishop's computer to track his financials. Once we gather enough information on Bishop's businesses, we'll be able to trace which ones are legit and which ones are just fronts for his fentanyl import operation. Easy peasy. I'll just hack into his cloud right now. No can do. Bishop doesn't use his cloud for anything important. No, not unless you're into big butts. - And if I were? - Listen, I need you to focus. We got to figure out a way to launder Bishop's money. In my day, it was all casinos... No better way to explain an influx of cash. Oh. That'd be cool if Nina had a casino. - Hmm. - You thinking what I'm thinking? Big butts? I love the way you think. No. Online gambling. I'll give you the backdoor access on a thumb drive. Ol' Fletcher's about to hook you up. Well, as much fun as this is, that diamond heist homicide case is not gonna solve itself, so we gotta jet. Thank you for the drink. You all right with this? And what about these lights? They're killing my eyes. Do I have a choice? No. Didn't think so. ♪♪ Tony Smith, A.K.A. Romeo, was murdered "Sweeney Todd" -style as he reached for the framed dollar bill. So you're into musicals now? Been into musicals always. This kid loves musicals. Anyway, the dollar bill had the name Jack Duffy written on it. Looks like it was pulled from the wall. SYD: First dollar bill, first customer. But why go for a... dollar bill over a phone, you know, call for help? Feeling sentimental? Who knows? Or maybe he's trying to point us to his killer. That's a leap. So you think Jack Duffy is the killer? Here's what we know. Romeo killed Lonnie at the oil field. Okay, so, Romeo kills Lonnie, takes his car, which we still haven't found yet. Then he tries to fence the diamonds, which led us to the barber shop. And M.E. says that Romeo caught two different beat-downs before he was actually killed. Here. Okay, so somebody finished the job. Our guys canvassed the area around the barber shop, and witnesses say that they saw Romeo with a known loan shark named Frank Leon. So Frank Leon could be our killer. Ergo, somebody's got to question Frank, and somebody's got to track down every Jack Duffy in L.A. - BOTH: Dibs on Frank. - Nu... Mnh-mnh-mnh-mnh. - Don't work that way. - Yes, yes, yes. - What? - We... How about we flip for it? - [Scoffs] Fine. - You call it. Uh, tails. Duh. - Damn it! - Boom! [Laughs] [Vocalizing show tune] I'm halfway through those Jack Duffys, Detective Burnett. I appreciate the opportunity. You're welcome, rook. Heads. Well played, Detective Burnett. [Scatting] ♪♪ You get your steps in? No, man. Michelle's gonna be pissed. We're on this new, stupid diet, and somehow, I'm gaining weight. [Chuckles] Pregnancy pounds. You're eating everything that your wife is eating, but she's eating for twins. Whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait. Michelle's a vegan. How are you gaining weight eating grass? I don't know. ♪♪ How can I help you, detectives? Word on the street is Frank Leon's the man to talk to if you're looking for a loan. I'm just a helpful friend, okay? Loaning money isn't a crime. Nope, but murder is. Tony Smith, A.K.A. Romeo, but you know that already. I can't get money from a dead guy. So you just roughed him up a little bit? Romeo might have been the type that occasionally needed a little incentive. When was the last time you saw him? I collected a payment on a friendly loan about a day or two ago. - He pay you in full? - No. But he felt bad, so he left me his cellphone, me being such a good friend and all. You mean he left you collateral. WALKER: Don't make this hard, Frank. I'll tell you what. Out of sympathy for my dead friend... ...you can have it. Hopefully, it'll help you find the bastards and buy your man Frank here a little bit of goodwill. We'll be in touch. Be where we can find you, Frank. Oh, yeah. - Pricks. - [Bowling pins clatter] [Touts' "Asleep" playing] ♪ This paranoia ♪ ♪ When will it end? ♪ ♪ I've heard it all before ♪ ♪ And now I'm hearing it again ♪ ♪ There's not a thing you can do for me ♪ ♪♪ ♪ I try to run ♪ ♪ Never in the clear ♪ ♪ It's making me paranoid, this silent shouting in my ear ♪ ♪ It shows no sign of compromise ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Am I asleep? ♪ ♪♪ WALKER: According to his phone on the day of the heist, Romeo left the diamond reserve to the oil field where he killed Lonnie, and then he came here. See, this is why I turn my location services off. I don't need my phone keeping tabs on my every move. My wife handles that. Well, this also says that last week, he went to Me Llamo Taco three times. We should definitely check that place out. - Hell no. - What? I am not sitting in the car with your vegan ass as you load up on refried beans. Hey. Are you the manager? - Yeah. - Detective Walker. This is Detective Baines. Mind if we ask you a few questions... Terrence? - Shoot. - All right. You recognize any of these gentlemen? They were murdered. - Nope. - We have reason to believe that a Camaro belonging to one of the victims was dumped here. Mm. Nope. We didn't crush any Camaros this week. Oh, that's weird. - What? - This is one of the victims' phones, and in his contacts is someone named Terrence Jones. [Cellphone ringing] Oops. Phone's ringing, Terry. You gonna answer that, or you think you know who it is? ♪♪ ♪ Yeah, lacin' the shoes, I'm on the move ♪ ♪ I got so much to prove ♪ ♪ Takin' my place among the greats ♪ ♪ With no time to waste ♪ ♪ I'm-a keep runnin' and runnin' and runnin' and runnin' ♪ - Why'd you have to call him?! - ♪ And runnin' and runnin' ♪ ♪ I might start a riot, a man with a fire ♪ ♪ Desire, that came here from nothin' ♪ ♪ Ain't no ceiling for a dream, I hit the ground runnin' ♪ ♪ Every obstacle that came, I conquered everything ♪ ♪ See, we could do anything we wanna do ♪ ♪ Whatever I can do, you can do it, too ♪ Okay. I know white men can't jump, but you could've made that. What, you think I'm gonna let him just get away? Give me a little credit. Let's get to the car. ♪♪ Cops came to see me at work. We got to get out. Whoa. Slow down. What happened? A couple cops came to see me at work, asking all sorts of questions about Squeaky and Romeo. Told you it was a bad idea to kill them. You didn't complain when we split their shares. I'd feel better if the take had been what it's supposed to be. Would you shut up about the take? The cops came to see you, and you came straight here? Yeah. WALKER: And the app says we're here. BAINES: There's Terry's truck. Tracks your steps and your bad guys. Say it. I'm a genius. Yeah, you have your moments. Yo, I bet Terry's not a real-estate agent on the side. ♪♪ We got to go now! They could've followed you. I drove a dummy route. Made sure no one tailed me. Hey, Terrence, remember us? LAPD. WALKER: I don't think any of you actually live here. That's a B&E;, right, Walker? That's correct, Baines. All right, put your hands up. Let's go. ♪♪ ♪♪ JUSTICE: Izzy, what's up? ♪♪ [Click, music stops] Okay. So... I think I figured out why my dad and Nancy have been fighting so much. Yeah? Yeah. Who's Nico Perez? "Perez?" Isn't that your step-mom's maiden name? I assumed it was. But my dad has a ton of files on this guy. And look. Wait. Isn't that your step-mom? I think they used to be married while she was in the Navy. [Chuckles] You think this guy's her ex-husband? Why else would my dad be so mad about him? He could be trying to get Nancy back. I found him. Ohh. I get why we're here. Your parents removed their credit card from your PHAST account after your little prison field trip... Your what? ...and we're your only two friends with cars. And my only two friends who I would trust to get in big trouble with. Great. So, what are you even gonna say to him? I don't know. Man, tell him to step off. Don't mess with your family. - Yeah. That. - Mm-hmm. Well, I can't go. I have a thing. - What thing? - Just a thing. We haven't even set a time yet. Yeah, it's... it's an all-day thing. - I'll drive you. - Really? Yeah. Yeah, of course. I mean, if it really means that much to you. Yes. Thank you. - Thank you. - Yeah, for sure, for sure. ♪♪ I'm gonna go get popcorn. ♪♪ You're welcome. I'm not doing anything tomorrow. Oh, my God. You are the worst. And the best. I know. [Chuckles] [Siren wails in distance] WARREN: Do you ever think about what comes after? - You getting spiritual on me? - [Chuckles] Life after Knox, Syd. Like, L.A... Would you stay here, or would you come back home? I don't know. Haven't really thought about it. A distraction. Your life isn't a distraction, Syd. I mean... If anything, it should be the reason why you even do this job. So why do you still do it? Mm. Resolution. I don't like leaving things unresolved. Although, lately, I've been thinking resolution is overrated. I mean, look at us. Hunting down Knox has already taken away so much from us. I mean, catching him... we're never gonna get those years back. Whatever it is that you're working up the nerve to say, why don't you just go ahead and say it? [Chuckles] Okay. I want to try again, Syd. Us. But... [Sighs] But what? I don't think it's gonna work if you can't let go of Knox. I'm really close, Warren. Close? Babe, the entire task force has been shut down pending a review. - They're... - I know about the review. Bishop made contact with Nina. I'm on the inside, Warren. [Sighs] I-I don't even know why this surprises me. This is... this is classic Syd Burnett, always leaving me in the dark. You know what really hurts? You didn't even tell me about the baby, Syd, about... about our baby. The reason I didn't tell you I was pregnant is 'cause I didn't know if I wanted to keep it. But it turns out... ...I had no idea how badly I wanted that child until it was taken away. I wish you would've told me. I'm sorry. ♪ I'll take you there if you take me there ♪ - ♪ We gon' take each other there ♪ - I'm sorry. ♪ Whoa-oa! ♪ ♪ Let me be real good to you ♪ ♪ I'll be happy to show you my love ♪ ♪ I'll be happy to give you my... ♪ - Morning. - Oh, my God. [Laughs] Are you watching me while I sleep again? 'Cause you know I think that's hella weird, right? I'm kind of just hoping I can get my arm back. Boy? [Both laugh] I'm okay, baby. Right. I'll go get the coffee. You know what? Wait. Hold on a second. ♪♪ ♪♪ IZZY: His file says that he works here, so this is who we're looking for. Hmm. He doesn't really seem like the type of guy your step-mom would go for. How do you know who Nancy would go for? I-I don't know. Just doesn't look like your dad? This is a weird conversation. Yeah. No telling when he's gonna get out of there. Good point. ♪♪ Look, it's him. Uh, it's not too late to turn back, you know? I-If you're afraid, you know. No. I'm doing this. Hey! Stay away from my step-mom. Leave Nancy alone. Nancy? Uh... You're Izzy? Yeah, I mean, I see it now. I mean, you look the different, the... the hair. I've seen pictures. Okay, um, why have you seen photos? Are you stalking us? I'm... I'm sorry, who... who do you think I am? Nancy's ex-husband. [Scoffs] Hell no! I'm her brother. Told you he wasn't your step-mom's type. Why don't you take a seat? Uh, I'll give you guys some space. ♪♪ Sit down. ♪♪ Your, uh, jean-jacket buddy over there, is he, uh, your boyfriend or something? No. Just a friend. His dad works with... Nancy. Right. ♪♪ So is she, like, the wicked step-mother? ♪♪ Well, she's, uh... She's always in my business, checking up on me, giving me lectures, and making me talk about my feelings. So she's a good mom. Yeah. Well, figures. ♪♪ What, uh, was she like as a sister? Uh... Well, I mean, exactly what you said. More mom than sister, I guess? Yeah. Uh... Why has she never mentioned you before? About that. Uh... WALKER: All right, so, we didn't find any diamonds on any of the suspects or the scene, so we can only hold them on breaking and entering. We need one of them to confess to the heist or Romeo's murder. Or they'll all walk. Which one of them is the weakest link? Jack Duffy. This dude is arrogant as hell. I say we play to his ego, you know? We... we... we praise Romeo for planning the robbery and hope, eventually, he tries to take credit. What about Josephine? I mean, she's the only woman in the crew. I could sympathize with her 'cause I'm also surrounded by incompetent men. [Laughs mockingly] No. Nah. I think we should focus on Terrence. He already ran, and he's not so keen about going to jail. Ooh, ooh. Culinary con. - Yeah. Let's do that. - Let's do it. Yeah. We searched the junkyard, Terry. ♪♪ This is the wheel cap to Lonnie's car. I'm sorry... Squeaky's car. Romeo killed Squeaky, drove his car to the junkyard, and you crushed it. You destroyed evidence, man. I don't know what you're talking about. I mean, it's just really a shame, 'cause, I mean, you did everything right, but then your boy Terrence got scared and brought the cops right to you. ♪♪ You're wasting your time. None of us are gonna talk. It must be pretty damn frustrating. You break into the country's most secure vault, you get away clean, only to be tripped up by incompetence. Damn! It was your plan, right? Guess not. Romeo masterminded the whole thing. Is that why you killed him... you were jealous? I didn't kill anybody. Romeo, he grabbed that off the wall of his shop before he died. I think he points us towards his killer. That's pretty clever, if you ask me. Congratulations. You proved Romeo was my barber. ♪♪ Yo. Got the burgers. BAINES: You get the extra ketchup? 'Cause we want our guy to be happy. Yeah, of course I did. Hey. Yo, I got to get these burgers to Duffy. Jack's getting in-n-out? He's cooperating, so he gets the first-class treatment. The guy with the suit, that's the D.A. He came to hear Jack's confession. Jack is saying that you killed Romeo. Now, Jack... Jack's got it good. Jack will probably do 5 to 10 for the heist, but when you're talking about a murder charge, you're talking about 25 to life, my friend. Do you know how big a jail cell is? It's probably smaller than this room, and you're a big dude, so your legs will probably hang off the... It wasn't me! I-I want the deal. It was Jack. He killed Romeo. 'Cause he thought Romeo was fencing the diamonds? Yeah, he was attracting attention. Jack went to talk to him, and... well, things were tense because of the double cross. What double cross? There was supposed to be $10 million worth of diamonds in the vault, but we only got $1 million. So Jack thought Romeo was double-crossing him? We all did. After the heist, Romeo and Squeaky drove off with the diamonds. We were gonna meet later and split them up. Romeo said he didn't do it. Who else could it have been? How does Squeaky's murder tie into this? He was jumpy during the whole job. Jack thought he'd talk. Told Romeo to kill him. ♪♪ Thank you. That's all for now. I-I like Papa John's. What? For when I talk to the D.A.? Ah, sure. [Chuckles] I'll get right on that. Extra cheese? Yeah. Sure. ♪♪ Yo, you save me one? - You get a confession? - Of course. Terrence told us everything. ♪♪ We know you killed Romeo. You're going away for murder. - Mmm. - I'm hungry. You can have the dollar back. ♪♪ Oh, no. She's just playing you. You can't keep evidence. ♪♪ NANCY: All right, Crockett and Tubby, you both get gold stars. - Tubby? - Told you you was getting fat. So we know that Romeo killed Squeaky, and then Jack killed Romeo. SYD: But do we believe him about the whole double cross thing, that they only got away with $1 million? I do. I mean, it would be pretty stupid for Romeo to steal the diamonds, come back, play dumb, and split them up. I mean, why not just leave town after killing Squeaky? Right. Doesn't make any sense. So we got $9 million in diamonds missing. Where'd they go? What if they were never there? O-or not never, but... What do you mean? All right, so, I worked undercover on this crew once that specialized in safety-deposit vaults. We knew how they were getting into the vaults, but we had no idea how they knew which boxes to hit. Then when I went undercover, we figured out that it was just an insurance scam. So, the people who owned the safety deposit boxes would clear them out, tell the crew which boxes to hit, and then they collect the insurance money. They'd split the pay-out with the crew, and they get to keep their valuables. And all you go to do to pull that off is to get an inside man to get the jewelers to agree to an insurance claim and split the take. - Exactly. - So you think Squeaky tipped off the jewelers? Well, Terrence said that Squeaky was extra jumpy during the robbery. Yeah, and he definitely knew the jewelers. I mean, his cleaning service had a contract - with the diamond reserve. - Wait. Squeaky owned the business with his wife, Marisol, so she would've had access to the jewelers, as well, right? Yeah. Yeah. But if we're right, and the jewelers were in on it, it's not like they're gonna admit to it or press charges. She'll get away with it. ♪♪ [Indistinct conversations, siren chirps] ♪♪ I just... I really need something to tell my kids. Did you find who did this? Yes, we did... Your boy Romeo. Or you know him as Tony Smith. He's the one that killed Lonnie. Tony was also murdered, unfortunately. I... I had told Lonnie I had a feeling about Tony, - but I never thought... - Drop the act. We know what you did. What I did? You knew about the robbery the entire time. You know, I'm... I'm curious. Was it his idea, or was it your idea? To warn the jewelers and then negotiate a cut of the insurance money they were gonna get. Who... who came up with that? Prove it. We can't. But good luck trying to spend all that money, 'cause we will be watching your ass. Your cleaning business clears, what, $80,000 a year? How will you explain your new car or new house? If Lonnie didn't go through with that heist, then your insurance scam does not pay off. So he did that shit for you, and you got him killed. How are you gonna explain that to those kids? Hmm? [Door opens] [Sirens wailing, car horns beeping in distance] [Dogs barking in distance] Hey. Ride's almost here. You okay? No, man. I been thinking a lot. I'm sorry, bro. You went to jail because Nancy and I needed money to run away, and then after my mom, you had to take care of me. ♪♪ Maybe you and Ray would have had a different life if I wasn't in it. Everybody that I consider family... ♪♪ ...I've ruined their lives, man. No, you didn't. Nobody made us do anything... ♪♪ ...you, least of all. What we did was on us. And, hey, we're still family, okay? ♪♪ [Car horn honks] That's my ride. ♪♪ I got to go. ♪♪ If you get the chance, um... tell Perez I'm sorry. Yeah, all right. ♪♪ You're my boy, Nico. ♪♪ As far as I'm concerned, we're square. Man, come here. Oh, man, I'm gonna miss you, bro. ♪♪ - Okay? - Yeah. Hey. Be safe. You know me. ♪♪ There she is, lady of the hour. Champagne, my man. SYD: What are we celebrating? Oh, I have secured a little piece of business that's gonna allow us to consummate our new relationship. Oh, buy a girl dinner first. Wow. A woman with standards, which no doubt tells me your demonstration will be impressive. Oh, well... Here you are. Thank you. Well, welcome... to Casino Duvall. All right. [Chuckles] Look at that. I like it so far. I generated a back door into a functioning online poker game via the dark web. Around this table are several accounts using various identities, all of which have one thing in common... they're all me. I stake myself using your funds, I lose several hands to each player, then I cash out. But remember, I win, because... I'm everybody. Everyone. Right. Fees are minimal, all the accounts are offshore, and the money that reaches your account is pristine. Smooth. So, tell me, how do I check the status of my funds? Oh. The program is right here. You can upload that to any computer you like, or Jodee is playing in real-time. You can log on and monitor our every move whenever you like. Nice. Very cool. ♪♪ What happened to consummation? Oh, well, you can't begrudge me a little prophylactic protection, not in this day and age. Just as soon as my little techie docs get finished checking the stick you gave me, I'll put it in any port you damn well desire. [Computer beeping] Oh, Nina. Just remember... that one is loaded. It's clean. [Laughs] And there it is. Whip it out and stick it in. The money will be wired in 10 days. But before you go, I got a question for you. Does the name Gabriel Knox mean anything to you? Hey. Hey. How you holding up? I met a woman who seemed to have a perfect life... I mean, husband she loved, beautiful children, really nice house. But... She couldn't escape her criminal past. Who's to say it won't be me someday? I don't know. Me? Too corny. [Laughs] Yeah. So corny. I'm sorry. Me, too. You hungry? Oh, I'm starving. - You cooking? - [Door opens] No, not me. Izzy. Hey, Iz. She made a friend today. I invited him. I hope you don't mind. Where would you like these? I got you. You two talk. I mean, what... how did, uh... Izzy. You know, she asked me why we weren't close, and, uh, I didn't know what to say. I mean, do you want to sit down, or...? Yeah, yeah. You know, she's, uh, she's the first person to ever ask me that question directly. ♪♪ I realized... you know, after everything that happened, you were the one that answered all the questions, filtered all the calls, dealt with the neighbors. I mean, you did this for 20 years. What choice did we have? You were only 12, you know? ♪♪ I just wish we had a do-over. I've let you protect me for far too long... my whole life. Now it's my turn to protect you. ♪♪ I'm gonna tell the police what happened, what I did. You don't have to do that. Nancy, it's time. I have to do this. I want to do this. ♪♪ Okay. ♪♪ Hey, Lieutenant. ♪♪ I'm here to confess to killing Rosa Perez... Our mom. ♪♪ Hey. Buy me a drink. - Come on! - I get it. Nah, I get it. I know what's going on. - What? - Syd, you're ending things. Oh, my God. You always like to deliver bad news in public to avoid a scene, but I'll save you the trouble. Look, I'm sorry if I came off too pushy. I know that I can do that sometimes. But in my defense, I went for the Styrofoam Cup. - You're the one who gave me the mug. - Shh, shh, shh. Come on. ♪♪ Warren, you remember my father, Joseph. Good to see you again, sir. Yeah, good to see you. Better circumstances this time. Is Fletch in? No, he stepped out. There you go. ♪♪ ♪♪ - WARREN: What's all this? - SYD: I've done it. I planted software in Bishop Duvall's computer. It gave us complete access to all of his financial information, and I got confirmation that Gabriel Knox is buying his supply of fentanyl in 10 days. We're gonna take him down. ♪♪ ♪♪ Wait. I know you don't like being kept in the dark. That's why I brought you here. I want to let you in. Things are not gonna go the way you want them to go. What do you mean? We're almost to the end. We're gonna nail Gabriel Knox. No, listen, listen. Listen. Everything you think you know, Syd... everything is wrong, okay? What are you talking about? ♪♪ Warren, what are you talking about? ♪♪ ♪♪ I am... Gabriel Knox. ♪♪ Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 