Lip Sync Battle: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lip Sync Battle 
 s1e4 - Anna Kendrick vs. John Krasinski - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lip Sync Battle (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Anna Kendrick vs. John Krasinski - full transcript 
 Anna Kendrick and John Krasinski go head-to-head. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Man: Ow! ♪ Friends say it's fine, friends say it's good ♪ ♪ everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ ohhhhhhh ♪ ♪ well, it's plain to see you were meant for me, yeah ♪ ♪ and I'm your boy, your 20th century toy ♪ [Cheers and applause] [Feedback] [Cheers and applause] Teigen: Ladies and gentlemen, a man so cool, the word is in his name. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Give it up for LL Cool J. [Cheers and applause] Love that beat. Gets me excited. Welcome to "Lip Sync Battle." You know what it is. You've seen it on TV. You've seen it online. You've seen it everywhere. You know the game is simple, okay? Two stars lip-sync two songs. The audience decides who did it the best. You clear? You good? [Cheers and applause] And here to help me, as always, is our color commentator, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the lovely, the talented... my girl, Chrissy Teigen. [Cheers and applause] [Hip-hop music plays] At stake is more than pride, bragging rights, and showing the world you have lip-sync swag. What's at stake is the greatest honor a lip-syncer can attain... getting to wear that championship belt. - [Cheers and applause] - You guys see this thing? Look at it. It looks awesome, right? Oh, my god. Wait till you see what we've got for you tonight. You guys ready for a classic battle? [Cheers and applause] Let's welcome tonight's performers. First up, she's an Oscar-nominated actress... a star of "Pitch Perfect"... who has the perfect fake pitch! Anna Kendrick. [Cheers and applause] And now let's meet her opponent... actor, director, writer... all those great things... but more impressive, lip-sync legend John Krasinski. [Cheers and applause] Yeah. Okay, so we asked Anna who should go first, and she pointed out that as an Oscar nominee, legally, she should go first. Then John reminded Anna that he's directing her in her next film, so... Pow! [Laughter] ... you know, she wisely decided John should go first. Anna, have a seat in our V.I.P. box. Enjoy the view. [Applause] Look, John. Guys, this is LL Cool J. I'm sorry. Is no one else freaking out? It's LL Cool J! Come on, man. There you go. Ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah... All right, you know, don't... don't break this... [Laughter] - I don't know what that is. - That's my fantasy. Yeah, that's... oh. - What is this? - Don't worry about it! - Why do you... - This is a secret. What's happening? Look at my back. I got a lot of stuff, too. Every dude here is like, "how do you get a girl like Chrissy?" And then you meet John Legend backstage, and he's like, ♪ you're just ordinary people ♪ [Laughter] And you're like, "okay. Yeah." That's how you get a girl like Chrissy. Okay, thank you. Yeah. What's your first song? My first song is... you know, Jimmy Fallon thinks he's a real good friend with Justin Timberlake. - He really does. - Yeah. But he ain't this good a friend because I'm doing "Bye, bye, bye." [Cheers and applause] - Here with NSYNC... - Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. - Well, then, you probably don't need this. - I don't need that. - Here with... - Check one, check one. Okay, we're ready. [Laughter] Here, mouthing the words to NSYNC's "Bye, bye, bye," Mr. John Krasinski. [Cheers and applause] ♪ Hey, hey ♪ ♪ bye, bye, bye ♪ ♪ bye, bye ♪ [Crowd cheering] ♪ I'm doin' this tonight ♪ ♪ you're probably gonna start a fight ♪ ♪ I know this can't be right ♪ ♪ hey, baby, come on ♪ ♪ I loved you endlessly ♪ ♪ when you weren't there for me ♪ ♪ so now it's time to leave and make it alone ♪ ♪ I know that I can't take no more ♪ ♪ it ain't no lie ♪ ♪ I wanna see you out that door ♪ ♪ bye, bye ♪ ♪ don't wanna be a fool for you ♪ ♪ just another player in your game for two ♪ ♪ you may hate me, but it ain't no lie ♪ ♪ bye, bye ♪ ♪ don't really wanna make it tough ♪ ♪ I just wanna tell you that I had enough ♪ ♪ it might sound crazy, but it ain't no lie ♪ ♪ baby, bye, bye, bye ♪ ♪ I don't wanna be your fool in this game for two ♪ ♪ so I'm leavin' you behind ♪ ♪ bye, bye, bye ♪ ♪ make it tough ♪ ♪ ain't no lie ♪ ♪ don't wanna be a fool for you ♪ ♪ I just wanna tell you that I had enough ♪ ♪ it might sound crazy, but it ain't no lie ♪ ♪ bye, bye, bye ♪ ♪ [echoing] Bye, bye ♪ [Cheers and applause] Yo. Yo, John, John. Come on over here a minute, and holler at me a little bit. - Holler! - [Laughs] I hurt my knee real bad. No... [Laughter] On the drop. It's bad. I'm just like... If we have ice, it would be amazing. I didn't know you had that in you, man. I don't. - Explain the puppet thing. - Oh, my god. That's a marionette that I do every Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and it's kind of my thing. - Pretty freaky. - Yeah, it's kind of my thing. It's not quite like that. It's like... [Cheers and applause] So, Anna, come on over. It's your turn. Come on over. [Cheers and applause] Now, I know you have something special prepared. That's right, I do. This song is from my heart, and I'm excited to finally share it with the world. So, this is something that you've never told the world. They're getting a sneak peek into the depth of your heart. Into the old ticker. - Into the old ticker. - Yeah. All right, well, ladies and gentlemen, going in one direction, and that's straight to the top. Here is Anna Kendrick. [Cheers and applause] [One Direction's "Steal My Girl" plays] ♪ She been my queen since we were sixteen ♪ ♪ we want the same things, we dream the same dreams ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ I got it all 'cause she is the one ♪ ♪ her mom calls me "love," her dad calls me "son" ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ kisses like cream, her walk is so mean ♪ ♪ and every jaw drop ♪ ♪ when she's in those jeans ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ I don't exist if I don't have her ♪ ♪ the sun doesn't shine, the world doesn't turn ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ all right ♪ ♪ but I know ♪ ♪ I know ♪ ♪ I know for sure ♪ ♪ everybody wanna steal my girl ♪ ♪ everybody wanna take her heart away ♪ ♪ couple billion in the whole wide world ♪ ♪ find another one 'cause she belongs to me ♪ ♪ everybody wanna steal my girl ♪ ♪ everybody wanna take her heart away ♪ ♪ couple billion in the whole wide world ♪ ♪ find another one 'cause she belongs to me ♪ [Cheers and applause] Emily! Oh, wait a minute. Can we get a close-up of this shirt? Yeah. Wait. Can I get a close-up of that shirt? That's just me... [laughter] I'm not gonna lie. It sort of hurts my heart. Anna, is John's significant other aware of... ? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, she knows. She was super-excited. - She was like, "I won't tell him." - [Laughter] - Emily? - Oh, my god. She knew about this? Yeah, Emily knows. [Laughter] Wow. She was supposed to be here, but she's in Dubai. - Oh, boy. - Classic Emily. [Laughter] Listen, if you want to know what I think about that song... Oh. [Laughter] I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. It's been fun. That was a dick move. [Laughter] Chrissy Teigen, what do you think? This is a tough one, I got to say. I liked Anna a lot, because she was no frills, just talent. She didn't have to, like, surprise everybody and be a marionette or be weird. She didn't need amazing dance moves? [Laughter] I will say, John, I thought you would give us Joey, but we got Justin. - Thank you. - I'm really happy for that. - Thank you very much. - Ooh. ♪ Bye, bye, bye ♪ John gave me a little wink, too, just then. [Laughter] Yeah. All right, we'll be back in a moment with more of Anna Kendrick and John Krasinski on "Lip Sync Battle." ♪ She belongs to me ♪ ♪ Out that door, baby, bye, bye, bye ♪ Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." Now, round 2 is when our stars pull out all the stops. They can do whatever it takes. For one of them, it's gonna be a win for the ages. For the other, a date that will live on in lip-sync infamy. John is the one with his rep on the line. Let's see how he got prepared for tonight. A lot of people know that I came up with this thing, so it's my idea. They take real good care of me. This is Anna Kendrick's room, okay? This is what plebes have as their dressing room. Come on in. It's a really nice room... for my dog. Let me show you where I'm hanging out... where they put the creator. Blam... double doors, body guard. This is my bartender just hanging out, talk about stuff. He gives me ideas, I tell him they're bad... stuff like that. I've been lip-syncing since I was 2 1/2. As soon as I learned words, I made a very bold decision to not say them, and I lip-synched them, so instead of "mama" and "dada," I just went... Anna, I just think that you're really special and you're tiny and adorable, and what I'm gonna do tonight is I'm gonna put you in my pocket. I'm gonna put you in my pocket, and I'm gonna walk up to receive the belt, give my speech with you in my pocket. That's what's gonna happen tonight. Eat it. _ _ [Cheers and applause] [Tina Turner's "Proud Mary" plays] You know... Every now and then I think you might like to hear something from us nice and easy. But there's just one thing. You see, we never ever do nothing nice and easy. We always do it nice and rough. So we're gonna take the beginning of this song and do it... easy. But then we're gonna do the finish... rough. This is the way we do "Proud Mary." Listen to the story now. ♪ I left a good job in the city ♪ [Crowd cheers] ♪ Workin' for the man every night and day ♪ ♪ and I never lost one minute of sleepin' ♪ ♪ I was worryin' 'bout the way that things might have been ♪ ♪ big wheel keep on turnin' ♪ ♪ ooh, the proud Mary keep on burnin' ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' on the river ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' on the river ♪ ♪ the river ♪ [Cheers and applause] [Music intensifies] ♪ I left a good job in the city ♪ ♪ workin' for the man every night and day ♪ ♪ and I never lost one minute of sleepin' ♪ ♪ worryin' 'bout the way things might have been ♪ ♪ turnin' ♪ ♪ burnin' ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' on the river ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' ♪ ♪ rollin' on the river ♪ ♪ do-do-do-do ♪ ♪ do-do-do-do ♪ ♪ do-do-do-do ♪ [Cheers and applause] [Laughter] Hercules! Hercules! Hercules! Hercules! Hercules! Hercules! Hercules! Hercules! - John. - Yes? How did you feel up there as you completely embodied the essence of Tina Turner? - Well, can I be honest with you? - Yes. I blacked out. How'd it go? [Laughter] For real, I don't remember anything. Chrissy. Wow. Wow. What did you think of John's performance? Sorry. Hold on. Before you answer. Oh. Totally changes everything. [Laughs] I'm pretty surprised, I got to say. I didn't know you'd pull out all the stops. It's your own show, I guess, so... The things you'll do, John. Oh, thanks. [Laughs] Fired. Yeah. [Laughter] [Chuckling] Yeah. Just hold that thought. Coming up, Anna has a song with a really bouncy beat. We'll be right back with more of "Lip Sync Battle." Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." John just showed us what he's made of, and Anna's turn is next. But first, let's check out Anna getting ready for tonight's "Lip Sync Battle." I think rehearsals went well. I think the energy of the crowd's really gonna help me get there. I don't like to peak during rehearsal, so I'm just really excited to feel the vibe in the room. _ _ I think that John should be afraid of me, generally. This is kind of my area. He might do it in the shower, but this is my life. You [Bleep] know my song, don't you? 'Cause you keep asking me. I'm not sure that amateurs should try lip-syncing. You got to stay limber. You got to have an incredibly healthy diet. It's serious business, so... Terrified. Just terrified. I literally hate you. I'm gonna be singing a little ditty about the female form. It's very tasteful, very well-written. This is the last time I'm ever gonna speak to you. [Cheers and applause] [Jennifer Lopez and Pitbull's "Booty" plays] ♪ Big, big booty ♪ ♪ what you got a big booty ♪ ♪ big, big booty ♪ ♪ what you got a big booty ♪ Lopez: ♪ have you seen her on the dance floor ♪ ♪ she got the boom, shake the room ♪ ♪ that's the lightnin' in the thunder ♪ ♪ you wanna meet her ♪ - I'm dead. - ♪ you wanna touch her ♪ ♪ see the light in her eyes ♪ ♪ and it starts to make you wonder ♪ ♪ all the sexy girls in the party ♪ ♪ go and grab a man ♪ ♪ bring him to the dance floor ♪ ♪ go and light them jeans ♪ ♪ don't you worry, you're dancin' ♪ ♪ it's his birthday, give him what he ask for ♪ ♪ let me show you how to do it ♪ ♪ big, big booty ♪ ♪ what you got a big booty ♪ Work. ♪ Big, big booty ♪ - ♪ what you got a big booty ♪ - Shake that. ♪ Big, big booty ♪ ♪ let me show you how to do it ♪ Pitbull: ♪ booty, booty, booty, booty, booty everywhere ♪ ♪ look at her booty, stop, stare ♪ ♪ they love that booty, hell, yeah ♪ ♪ the way she twerk it, not fair ♪ ♪ she got a booty that'll swallow a thong ♪ ♪ and if you do it, better do it dirty all night long ♪ ♪ booty, toot it, boot it, you know the plan ♪ ♪ so much booty, she could supply the demand ♪ ♪ I wanna take that big 'ol booty shoppin' at the mall ♪ ♪ I wanna pick it up and put that booty in my car ♪ ♪ baby, your booty is a movie star ♪ ♪ Oscar award winner of them all ♪ - [Crowd cheering] - ♪ now give me that ♪ Lopez: ♪ throw up your hands if you love a big booty ♪ Shake that. [Loud cheers and applause] Why I decided to sing a song about booty on the same stage as J.Lo's booty, I will never know. She was killing it. I came out. All I had to do was walk, and I was like... - Okay. - [Laughter] Wait, wait, wait. What is happening?! [Laughter] - LL Cool J: John, come on over. - I'm in love with J.Lo. [Cheers and applause] Come on, John. John! John, easy, tiger. Easy, tiger. Easy, tiger. Ladies and gentlemen, once again, Jennifer Lopez. You look beautiful tonight. We appreciate you, baby. We appreciate you very much. [Loud cheers and applause] All right, Anna. You and John have a seat. You guys sit down and relax. Relax and just kick back. Chrissy, you want to give us your commentary on this unbelievable moment we've just experienced? I think, like, John could have gotten naked and, like, done the helicopter, and it wouldn't have mattered. Anna called her friend Jennifer Lopez. But he could still try. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] I've decided Anna can do everything well. - I have not seen one single... - I agree. You are amazing. Like, seriously. Everything. Well, stay tuned to see if tonight's title goes to Anna Kendrick or John Krasinski here on "Lip Sync Battle." ♪ Lopez: All the sexy girls in the party ♪ ♪ go and grab a man ♪ ♪ bring him to the dance floor ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ [Cheers and applause] Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." It's judgment day. Chrissy, the belt, please. Audience, you are the judge and jury. [Cheers and applause] Is the winner John Krasinski? [Cheers and applause] Or is the winner Anna Kendrick? [Loud cheers and applause] Oh. Who was it? Oh, wow. And the winner... Who did it turn out to be? And the winner and "Lip Sync" battle champion... [Laughter] ... Anna Kendrick. [Loud cheers and applause] [Laughs] I got it. I got it. - So, Anna... - I got it. - ... Anna... - I got it. So, Anna, you won the title. How do you feel? I mean, not surprised. [Laughter] - Ooh. - Yeah. John was a worthy opponent. Krasinski: Oh, thank you. [Laughter] That was actually amazing. Give her a round of applause. She did an unbelievable job. [Loud cheers and applause] So, Anna and John brought their "A" games tonight, and we got everything we wanted... great music, a lot of excitement, fun guests, and a lot of laughs. Be sure to check out our next "Lip Sync Battle." I'm LL Cool J, and for me, Chrissy, and everyone in the "Lip Sync" crew, good night, and remember... knock 'em out the box, Al! Knock 'em out, Al! [Cheers and applause] ♪ Bring him to the dance floor ♪ ♪ go and light them jeans ♪ ♪ don't you worry, you're dancin' ♪ ♪ it's his birthday, give him what he ask for ♪ ♪ let me show you how to do it ♪ ♪ big, big booty ♪ ♪ what you got a big booty ♪ Work. ♪ Big, big booty ♪ ♪ what you got a big booty ♪ Shake that. ♪ Big, big booty ♪ ♪ let me show you how to do it ♪ Pitbull: ♪ booty, booty, booty, booty, booty... ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 