Lip Sync Battle: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lip Sync Battle 
 s1e9 - Salt vs. Pepa - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lip Sync Battle (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Salt vs. Pepa - full transcript 
 Hip-hop-group mates Cheryl 'Salt' James and Sandra 'Pepa' Denton face off. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [T. Rex's "20th Century Boy" playing] ♪ Friends say it's fine, friends say it's good ♪ ♪ everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ ohhhhhhh ♪ ♪ well, it's plain to see you were meant for me, yeah ♪ ♪ and I'm your boy, your 20th century toy ♪ [Feedback] [Cheers and applause] Teigen: He rocks the bells, and now he's gonna rock the house. Please welcome our host, LL Cool J. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Cheers and applause] That beat is crazy. Welcome to "Lip Sync Battle." You know what it is, all right? You've seen it on TV, you've seen it online, you've seen it everywhere, so you know the game is simple. Two stars lip-sync two songs. The audience decides who did it the best, okay? [Cheers and applause] And here to help me out is our color commentator. She's the voice of the people, the mistress of social media, the lovely, the talented, my girl Chrissy Teigen. [Cheers and applause] [Hip-hop music plays] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hi, everybody! Make some noise for Chrissy. We have some real big things planned for tonight, huh? I watched the rehearsal today, and these stars are really... they're into it and they're very serious. It's a little mano-a-mano chest-bumping stuff going on, right? I'm like, "they might not be friends anymore." It's gonna be crazy. You ready to do it? I'm excited. You guys ready to do this? Let's go. Let's welcome our performers. They're usually the duo known as Salt-N-Pepa. But tonight, it's Salt versus Pepa. First up, the first star. One half of one of the greatest female rap groups of all time. Give it up for a good friend of mine, Salt! [Cheers and applause] And you can't think of Salt without what? All: Pepa! The other half of the greatest female rap group of all time, here's Pepa! [Cheers and applause] Whoa, okay. Oh, boy. Their trophy cabinet is packed with just about every singing award there is, except the only one that really counts. Lip sync championship belt. [Cheers and applause] Okay, so who should go first? Um... [Laughter] It's Salt-N-Pepa, so Salt goes first. Pepa, we've got a prime seat for you over there. Have a seat, relax. Salt, come on over. Let's keep it simple. Salt. So happy you're here tonight. Thank you. You know, tell the world what's your first song? I picked a pop-rock song... Kelly Clarkson's "Since U Been Gone." [Cheers and applause] Girl power. ♪ Here's the thing ♪ ♪ we started out friends ♪ ♪ it was cool, but it was all pretend ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ since u been gone ♪ [Audience clapping rhythmically] ♪ You dedicated, you took the time ♪ ♪ wasn't long till I called you mine ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ since u been gone ♪ ♪ and all you'd ever hear me say ♪ ♪ is how I pictured me with you ♪ ♪ that's all you'd ever hear me say ♪ ♪ but since u been gone ♪ ♪ I can breathe for the first time ♪ ♪ I'm so moving on ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ thanks to you ♪ ♪ now I get ♪ ♪ I get what I want ♪ ♪ since u been gone ♪ ♪ you had your chance you blew it ♪ ♪ out of sight, out of mind ♪ ♪ shut your mouth, I just can't take it ♪ ♪ again and again and again and again ♪ ♪ since u been gone ♪ ♪ since you been gone ♪ ♪ I can breathe for the first time ♪ ♪ I'm so moving on ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ thanks to you ♪ ♪ thanks to you ♪ ♪ now I get ♪ ♪ I get what I want ♪ ♪ since u been gone ♪ ♪ since u been gone ♪ [Cheers and applause] Whoa. Who knew you were a pop diva? [Cheers and applause] - Thank you. - Who knew? So, obviously you've toured around the world. Millions of people love you. What does it feel like, you know, getting out here, belting out a pop tune for all of these fans? Well, you know, L, we can't sing, so, you know. [Laughter] We been wanting to do this for years. I love it. Yeah, I couldn't hold a note if you handed it to me. It was exhilarating. That's wonderful. Pep, what do you think? [Laughter] I have to... I have to give that. You liked it? I really did. I was like... [Laughter] All right, okay. Salt, switch out with Pepa. Pepa, come on down. Salt. All right. Okay. Oh, isn't that sweet? Ooh. Ooh. Hey. So, Pepa, millions of people are watching. - Pressure makes diamonds. - Yes. - But the pressure is on. - Right. - All right? - Yes. What's your first song? "I'm In Love With the Coco." [Cheers and applause, laughter] Yo, that actually would've been bananas right now. Is that what you're gonna do? - No. - Why not? I'm only joking. I'm doing Katy Perry, "Firework." Well, here, about to own the night like the 4th of July, here's Pepa. [Cheers and applause] [Intro plays] ♪ Do you ever feel like a plastic bag ♪ ♪ drifting through the wind, wanting to start again? ♪ ♪ Do you ever feel, feel so paper thin ♪ ♪ like a house of cards, one blow from caving in? ♪ ♪ Do you ever feel already buried deep six feet under? ♪ ♪ Screams but no one seems to hear a thing ♪ ♪ do you know that there's still a chance for you ♪ ♪ 'cause there's a spark in you? ♪ ♪ You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine ♪ ♪ just own the night ♪ ♪ like the 4th of July ♪ ♪ 'cause, baby, you're a firework ♪ ♪ come on, show 'em what you're worth ♪ ♪ make 'em go, "aah, aah, aah" ♪ ♪ as you shoot across the sky-y-y ♪ ♪ baby, you're a firework ♪ ♪ come on, let your colors burst ♪ ♪ make 'em go, "aah, aah, aah" ♪ ♪ you're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe ♪ [Cheers and applause] LL Cool J: Wow. Whoa. Again, I got... I got to ask you. You're an emcee, a lyricist. Katy Perry. I know. 'Cause I can't sing. This is like your second childhood. You know, you're in the mirror with the brush. I can only lip-sync this. I can't really sing this, so this is perfect. Well, guess what? You did it perfect. Thank you. [Cheers and applause] Salt. What did you think of Pepa exploding in the sky? She did well. Beautiful, gorgeous. Oh, isn't that so sweet? Backstage, they're like, "yeah, it's on." Salt was like, "yeah, it's on." "Yeah, I'm about to tear it up. Yeah." Like, "oh, she did well. Yeah." Don't let her fool you. Pepa, have a seat next to Salt, please. Have a seat. [Cheers and applause] Chrissy, who owned their song? I kind of lost my brain for Salt, I got to say. That was great, honestly. - You enjoyed Salt a lot. - Whoo! It was great. I totally, like, I spaced, and I was like, "this is fantastic." But I don't know. This is so hard. No, no, no. You said Salt. That's okay. Pepa's a big girl. Believe me, she can handle it. I can handle it. LL Cool J: All right. Chrissy weighed in, but the battle rages on. When we come back, Salt and Pepa step up their game in round 2. "LSB," stay in sync. ♪ Baby, you're a firework ♪ ♪ Since u been gone ♪ ♪ I can breathe ♪ Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." It's time for round 2. Each star has one final shot to bring down the house with costumes, dances, fire, flair. Now, Salt's up first in this do-or-die round. Let's she how she got amped up. I don't know what you got, Pep, but I got an arsenal. It's Pepa's room. Oh, what you doing in my room? Now I'm visualizing kicking Pepa's butt. _ It's on. I still got the moves. Me and Pepa get a little competitive on the stage, you know? She thinks she can pop like me. But I got more going on up here, so... Pep, I'm coming after you, girl. I've been being really, really nice, but you have no idea how hard I'm gonna go. Coming for you, pep. I'm coming for you, girl. Don't sleep on me. [Cheers and applause] [Intro to Run-D.M.C.'s "It's Tricky" plays] ♪ This speech is my recital ♪ ♪ I think it's very vital ♪ ♪ to rock ♪ ♪ a rhyme ♪ ♪ that's right ♪ ♪ on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky is the title ♪ ♪ here we go ♪ ♪ it's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ it's tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ it's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ tr-tr-tr-tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ trrrrricky ♪ ♪ I met this little girlie ♪ ♪ her hair was kinda curly ♪ ♪ went to her house and bust her out ♪ ♪ I had to leave real early ♪ ♪ these girls are really sleazy ♪ ♪ all they just say is, "please me" ♪ ♪ or spend some time and rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ I said "it's not that easy" ♪ ♪ it's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ how is it? ♪ ♪ Tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ it's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ tr-tr-tr-tricky ♪ ♪ tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ we are not thugs ♪ ♪ we don't use drugs ♪ ♪ but you assume ♪ ♪ on your own ♪ ♪ they offer coke ♪ ♪ and lots of dope ♪ ♪ but we just leave it alone ♪ ♪ it's like that y'all ♪ ♪ y'all ♪ ♪ but we don't quit ♪ ♪ you keep on ♪ ♪ rock ♪ ♪ shock ♪ ♪ 'cause this is it ♪ ♪ is it ♪ [Cheers and applause] Salt, Salt. Wow. Yo. [Cheers and applause] - ♪ This speech is my recital ♪ - Uh-huh. - ♪ I think it's very vital ♪ - Uh-huh. ♪ To rock ♪ ♪ a rhyme ♪ ♪ that's right ♪ ♪ on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ tricky ♪ Both: Here we go! [Cheers and applause] Yo. How did that feel channeling your inner Run-D.M.C., JMJ? You know, we patterned ourselves behind Run-D.M.C., so that was my moment right there. I love 'em. I love 'em. Pep. What do you think? Well, like she said, you can't go wrong with doing Run-D.M.C. [Laughs] We always say we were the female Run-D.M.C., you know what I'm saying? - So I loved it. - That's beautiful. - So, you like what she did? - I did. There you go. That's why they together forever. I think Pepa's in shock. [Laughs] You think she's in shock. I think she's in shock right now. She is in shock. Well, Salt, please have a seat over there. You look great. That was... that was hot. That was unbelievable. We'll be right back with more lip-syncing to your all-time favorite songs here on "Lip Sync Battle." Promise you, baby. ♪ It's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." We're halfway through round 2. Salt just channeled her inner Run-D.M.C. Very tricky. Let's take a look at how Pep got ready for this winner-takes-all showdown. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know the word pep. What it mean? Pep up. You know, hype. Pep. That's right. I'm pepping it up tonight. This is a first, though. This is different. It's fun, you'll see, you'll see. Me and Salt, we're partners, we're always on stage together. But tonight, it's going down. _ _ I think I heard Salt in the hallway screaming "Team Salt." Team Salt! What's up? Team Salt! I was like, "is that Salt?" Quiet, Salt. "Hmm, that's a little different tactic she's using." _ [Laughter] _ This is real talk. This is Pep talk. I'm coming for you tonight, Salt. It's on. [Cheers and applause] [Intro to Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive" plays] Whoo! ♪ At first I was afraid ♪ ♪ I was petrified ♪ ♪ kept thinking I could never live without you by my side ♪ ♪ but then I spent so many nights ♪ ♪ thinking how you did me wrong ♪ ♪ and I grew strong ♪ ♪ and I learned how to get along ♪ ♪ and so you're back ♪ ♪ from outer space ♪ ♪ I just walked in to find you here ♪ ♪ with that sad look upon your face ♪ ♪ I should have changed that stupid lock ♪ ♪ I should have made you leave your key ♪ ♪ if I had known for just one second ♪ ♪ you'd be back to bother me ♪ ♪ go on now, go ♪ ♪ walk out the door ♪ ♪ just turn around now ♪ ♪ 'cause you're not welcome anymore ♪ ♪ weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye ♪ ♪ did you think I'd crumble ♪ ♪ did you think I'd lay down and die ♪ ♪ oh, no, not I ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ oh, as long as I know how to love I know I will stay alive ♪ ♪ I've got all my life to live ♪ ♪ I've got all my love to give ♪ ♪ and I'll survive ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ oh ♪ ♪ go on now, go ♪ ♪ walk out the door ♪ ♪ just turn around now ♪ ♪ 'cause you're not welcome anymore ♪ ♪ weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye ♪ ♪ did you think I'd crumble ♪ ♪ did you think I'd lay down and die ♪ ♪ oh, no, not I ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ oh, as long as I know how to love I know I will stay alive ♪ ♪ I've got all my life to live ♪ ♪ I've got all my love to give ♪ ♪ and I'll survive ♪ ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ hey, hey ♪ [Cheers and applause] Oh, baby! Pep. Just talk to me. Just tell me what was going on in your mind when you did that? You know, this is just for all the survivors out there, all the women who've been through some... [cheers and applause] Some ish. See what I'm saying? Some ish. Only a superstar can lip-sync a song and inspire people. [Laughter] Okay. Salt, what did you think? She was a'ight. [Laughter] You're killing me. She was a'ight. That was wonderful. That was great. Not only do you survive, but you thrive. Pepa, have a seat. LL Cool J: So, Chrissy. I was impressed with both women. You know, I thought they were both amazing. From your vantage point, what did you see in terms of style, lip-sync ability, degree of difficulty? What did you think? A lot of good ass is what I saw from my vantage point, honestly. [Laughs] Okay, here we go. Let's see. Pep, you came out, you lost your shoes, you were going for it, you felt it. It was honestly, I got some goose bumps. I looked down on my hairless Asian skin, and it still, like, I saw it buckling. I got, like chicken skin. But also, Salt, you came out, you had all those dancers. I was like, "holy... there's so much happening." So, I was like, "damn, she, like, danced her ass off." Like, you killed it. I mean, that was... it seemed flawless. LL Cool J: Okay, okay. All right. So, it comes down to this. One belt, two performers. Math doesn't work out. We'll be right back to see who gets the trophy on "Lip Sync Battle." ♪ I will survive ♪ ♪ oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I will stay alive ♪ ♪ I've got all my ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ I'm back here with the queens of hip-hop, Salt-N-Pepa! [Cheers and applause] It's been so much fun tonight. It's time to pick a winner. Chrissy, the lip sync belt, please. [Cheers and applause] Audience. Audience, it's up to you. Oh, my goodness. Oh. Oh, my goodness. [Laughs] Oh, my goodness. Chrissy, don't drop the championship belt, please. - Sorry. - Should I hold that for you? It is heavy. It is heavy. I didn't know it was that heavy. LL Cool J.: Audience, it's up to you. Is the winner Pepa? [Cheers and applause] Is the winner... Salt? [Light cheers and applause] People. People. My people. My people. The "Lip Sync Battle" champion is Pepa! [Cheers and applause] Oh, thank you so much! Wow, wow. Oh! [Laughs] ♪ Here we go ♪ Well, thank you to Salt-N-Pepa for being guests on our show. Make sure to check out our next "Lip Sync Battle." I'm LL Cool J, and for me, Chrissy, and everyone in the "Lip Sync" crew, good night, and remember, knock 'em out the box, L. Knock 'em out, L. ♪ It's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ it's tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ it's tricky to rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ to rock a rhyme that's right on time ♪ ♪ it's tricky ♪ ♪ tr-tr-tr-tricky, tricky ♪ ♪ trrrrricky ♪ ♪ I met this little girlie ♪ ♪ her hair was kinda curly ♪ ♪ went to her house and bust her out ♪ ♪ I had to leave real early ♪ ♪ these girls are really sleazy ♪ ♪ all they just say is, "please me" ♪ ♪ or spend some time and rock a rhyme ♪ ♪ I said "it's not that easy" ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 