Lip Sync Battle: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lip Sync Battle 
 s1e10 - Queen Latifah vs. Marlon Wayans - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lip Sync Battle (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Queen Latifah vs. Marlon Wayans - full transcript 
 Actress and rapper Queen Latifah goes head-to-head with actor Marlon Wayans. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [T. Rex's "20th Century Boy" playing] ♪ Friends say it's fine, friends say it's good ♪ ♪ everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ ohhhhhhh ♪ ♪ well, it's plain to see you were meant for me, yeah ♪ ♪ and I'm your boy, your 20th century toy ♪ [Feedback] [Cheers and applause] Teigen: Your host is something like a phenomenon... the one, the only LL Cool J. [Cheers and applause] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Wow. You guys are looking good. You're looking good. [Cheers and applause continue] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to "Lip Sync Battle." You've seen it blowing up Late Night and the Internet. Now it's blowing up prime time. [Cheers and applause] And tonight two of the coolest in entertainment are facing off. It's gonna be legendary, I promise you. And to guide us through this epic smackdown, please welcome our colorful commentator, Chrissy Teigen. [Rap music plays] ♪ All they do is stare ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ and stare ♪ ♪ all they do is stare ♪ ♪ and stare ♪ ♪ all they do is stare ♪ ♪ and stare ♪ ♪ all they do is stare ♪ She's a supermodel who's not afraid to show us her weird. Give some love to Chrissy, y'all. [Cheers and applause] Here's how they do it... two stars, two rounds. Round 1... each star proves they can sync. And in round 2, they take it up a level... special effects, dancers, all that, all right? The audience is the judge. Whoever gets the crowd most hyped wins bragging rights and the championship belt. All right? [Cheers and applause] Let's bring them out. She's a rapper, actor, singer, and comedian who is truly Hollywood royalty. All hail the Queen, my lovely and talented friend, Queen Latifah! [Cheers and applause] What's up, everybody? And her opponent comes from the royal family of comedy. He's been a little man and a white chick, and tonight he's trying to become a lip-sync champ. Give it up for Marlon Wayans. [Cheers and applause] Where my love? Where my love? Uh, baby! [Laughs] What happened? What up? What up? [Cheers and applause continue] Whoo! You ready to do this?! Are you ready to rock?! Yeah? He gonna have to jump in that crowd tonight. I got this, don't I? I got this. [Cheers and applause] All my party people in the middle, let me here y'all in the middle right now! One time! Aah! [Cheers and applause] That ain't weak. What about on the side? Let me hear my people on the side. [Cheers and applause] Let me hear my people up top. [Cheers and applause] If you from California, make some noise! [Cheers and applause] "If you wipe your ass right, let me hear you say yeah!" Yeah! Whoa, all right, all right, all right. You guys ready to get this started? [Cheers and applause] All right. What the hell? What the hell just happened? [Laughter] It's time for round 1. [Laughter] It's time for round 1. I'm gonna decide who goes first. Which one of you has more hit records? Oh. Ohh! Oh! Well, then, you know what? Wait a minute. Hold on. If that's the case... if that's the case, you can afford to sit on the throne - for a second, Latifah. - Ohh! Marlon, you come on over. Oh, wow! Now, Marlon, what's your first song gonna be? My first song... this goes out to all the miserable people out there. If you got your heart broke by some miserable-ass woman, if you got your heart broke by some miserable-ass man, if you are just a miserable-ass person, this ain't for you. This for all the happy people. This song's called "Happy" by my man Pharrell. Well, charging out the gate with "Happy" by Pharrell, here's Marlon Wayans. [Cheers and applause] ♪ It might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say ♪ ♪ sunshine, she's here, you can take away ♪ ♪ I'm a hot-air balloon, I could go to space ♪ ♪ with the air, like I don't care ♪ ♪ baby, by the way ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel like a room without a roof ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you know what happiness is to you ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do ♪ ♪ happy ♪ ♪ bring me down ♪ ♪ can't nothing ♪ ♪ happy ♪ ♪ bring me down ♪ ♪ the love is too high ♪ ♪ happy ♪ ♪ to bring me down ♪ ♪ can't nothing ♪ ♪ happy ♪ ♪ bring me down ♪ ♪ I said I'm talking about ♪ ♪ happy, happy, happy, happy ♪ ♪ bring me down, can't nothing ♪ ♪ happy, happy, happy, happy ♪ ♪ bring me down ♪ ♪ happy, happy, happy, happy ♪ ♪ the love is too high to bring me down ♪ ♪ happy, happy ♪ ♪ can't nothing bring me down, I said ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel like a room without a roof ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you know what happiness is to you ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ hey, hey ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do ♪ ♪ come on ♪ [Cheers and applause] It's a wrap. Sexual harassment. [Laughs] Yo, Marlon, I'm not sure John Legend is gonna be happy with that performance. You know what? I think I might have got like... 'cause I was feeling on like 37 girls... all y'all pregnant. That's it. Hey, the whole crowd. That's how we make Wayans. That's how we do this. Latifah... Lady Latifah, what do you think? You ready to top that? You think you got something for that? I think he left it all on the floor, and I respect and appreciate the effort. All right. That's all I wanted. But I think I got a more subtle approach. Ooh! Marlon, on that note, you head on to the V.I.P., smoky. Listen, subtle may work in the bedroom, but it ain't gonna work on this stage, you know? Teigen: Ohh! I like subtle. It subtle ain't gonna work, maybe sexy will. Oh. [Cheers and applause] Whoo! All right, now, look. What song have you chosen? I've chosen what's gonna happen tonight, which is "Never Gonna Get It." [Cheers and applause] By En Vogue. Oh! Well, hoping to come out of the box strong with "My Lovin', You're Never Gonna Get It" by En Vogue... Teigen: Yes! ... here's the Queen... Latifah! [Cheers and applause] ♪ Ooh, bop ♪ ♪ no, you're never gonna get it ♪ ♪ ow! ♪ ♪ Never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ no, not this time ♪ ♪ no, you're never gonna get it ♪ ♪ my love ♪ ♪ never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ no, you're never gonna get it ♪ ♪ ow! ♪ ♪ Never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ not this time ♪ ♪ no, you're never gonna get it ♪ ♪ my love ♪ ♪ never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ ooh, bop ♪ ♪ I remember how it used to be ♪ ♪ you never was this nice, you can't fool me ♪ ♪ ooh, bop ♪ ♪ now you talkin' like you made a change ♪ ♪ the more you talk, the more things sound the same ♪ ♪ what makes you think you can just walk back into her life ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ without a good fight, oh? ♪ ♪ Ah, ah, ah ♪ ♪ I just sit back and watch you make a fool of yourself ♪ ♪ ooh, oh ♪ ♪ 'cause you're just wasting your time, oh ♪ ♪ no, you're never gonna get it ♪ ♪ not this time ♪ ♪ never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ my lovin' ♪ ♪ no, you're never gonna get it ♪ ♪ had your chance to make a change ♪ ♪ never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ ooh, bop ♪ [Cheers and applause] Teigen: Yes! Bam, bam, bam, bam bam, bam, bam, bam! [Laughs] LL Cool J: So, was it hard channeling four divas up there at once? Or, how did it feel? Was you feeling the vibe? I love En Vogue. They're so fantastic. Fabulous. And sexy. And they just own it. So I had to just come out here and just own it. Own it, baby. Add the body. Body that. Body that. I bodied it. Body that. [Laughs] So, Marlon? - Yeah, what happened? - Marlon? Yeah? Best honest... did that performance intimidate you a little bit? Actually, I didn't even hear the song. I was too busy looking at your cakes. - It's awesome back here. - Yes! Yes! Same, same. That's what it's all about... cakes. [Laughs] Oh, I love it. All right, Queen. Have a seat in the V.I.P. Marlon... yeah, yeah. Be careful getting up the steps. Chrissy, I want to know what was going through your mind. Oh, Latifah... she can get it. She's got it. LL Cool J: Ooh, baby. - She can take it. - She was good. Ooh, baby. Did y'all appreciate it? [Cheers and applause] All right. When we come back, we're turning up the volume. Round 2 in all its fist-pumping, knee-sliding, pelvic-thrusting, hip-grinding glory. The pressure to stay in sync continues on "LSB." ♪ Never, ever gonna get it ♪ ♪ because I'm happy ♪ ♪ clap along if you feel... ♪ Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." Queen Latifah and Marlon Wayans are locked and loaded for round 2, where anything is fair game to grab the title. Let's see how Marlon got ready to try to overthrow the Queen. All right, so, I'll see you in a couple minutes. That was good, girl. We got to do that again. - Tell my son I said hi. - [Laughs] A lot of time, people do this show, "Lip Sync Battle," it's because they want to come out, have a good time. Hey, you, come here. Come here. Not for me. This is personal. Found out that Latifah was gonna do the show. That's when I felt like, "okay, now it's time to settle the score." First of all, she stole my part, right? "Bringing Down the House"... that was supposed to be me. And she stole my music career. 'Cause I'm the one that was singing first and acting. Dana... that's originally my middle name. And Latifah... that was my dog's name. You going down, baby girl. - Woman: Are you intimidated? - I ain't intimidated by nothing. Unh! Yeah, you can rap. Yeah, you can sing. Yeah, you can play instruments. Yeah, you can host. Yeah, you can dance. Yeah, what can't you do? Take this, Dana. So sorry. I'm happy for you. Look at my smile. [Cheers and applause] [Intro to Sam Smith's "Stay With Me" playing] ♪ Guess it's true ♪ ♪ I'm not good at a one-night stand ♪ ♪ but I still need love 'cause I'm just a man ♪ ♪ these nights never seem to go to plan ♪ ♪ I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand? ♪ ♪ Oh, won't you stay with me? ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're all I need ♪ ♪ this ain't love, it's clear to see ♪ ♪ but, darling, stay with me ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh oh-oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh oh-oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh oh-oh ♪ ♪ oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh oh-oh ♪ ♪ oh, won't you stay with me? ♪ ♪ Stay with me ♪ ♪ 'cause you're all I need ♪ ♪ all I need ♪ ♪ this ain't love, it's clear to see ♪ ♪ but, darling, stay with me ♪ [Cheers and applause] LL Cool J: Yo, okay. Yo. [Laughs] Yo. Oh, my god. Marlon. I want some of that love. Hold up. I'm having a moment now. Oh, my goodness. So, Queen, that song had to get to you. Did it move you? How'd you feel about that? Well, I absolutely love that song. It's a beautiful song. And, you know, you definitely turned it up. You got a nice tone. It was beautiful. Lighting, candelabras, and all kind of... I'm about to smash you. I'm sorry. - Teigen: Oh! - [Cheers and applause] I love you. I love you, but... Whoa. Did she just lure me... I hope everybody can catch, 'cause I'm coming out there. Marlon, have a seat in the V.I.P. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding, Marlon. I thought it was absolutely gorgeous, seriously. You just lured me in. No, I thought it was beautiful. Marlon just made us laugh. When we come back, Queen Latifah is gonna try to make them cry. The most insane show on TV continues, "Lip Sync Bbattle." It's on. ♪ Oh, won't you stay with me? ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ [Cheers and applause] Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle," the only show where you'll see huge stars having this much fun. We're in the middle of round 2, where anything can happen. Let's see how Latifah rallied for her final bid for the belt. [Cheers and applause] LL Cool J is one of my favorite rappers. He's the greatest of all time. And so I just wanted to take it back to our golden days in hip-hop and just do a little something fresh. Now, he has no idea that I'm doing this song tonight. As a matter of fact, hiding this from him is the most difficult thing, because he's so involved. Beautiful, how you doing? Please tell me that you're gonna take it easy on me. - Of course I am. - Lyin' bastard. What can I bring to the table, as a rapper, that Marlon can't? Everything. You've been rehearsing like crazy. I ain't rehearsed at all. Oh, you lyin'! Marlon, I don't know what you got planned for me. That flavor, it's a wrap for you, boo. [Smooching] [Cheers and applause] ♪ LL Cool J is hard as hell ♪ ♪ battle anybody, I don't care who you tell ♪ ♪ I excel, they all fail ♪ ♪ I'm gonna crack shells, double-l must rock the bells ♪ ♪ you've been waitin' and debatin' for, oh, so long ♪ ♪ just starvin' like Marvin for a Cool J song ♪ ♪ if you cried and thought I died you definitely was wrong ♪ ♪ it took a thought, plus I brought cut creator along ♪ ♪ evened up with e-love down with the Cool J force ♪ ♪ specializin' in the rhymin' for the record, of course ♪ ♪ I'm a tower full of power with rain and hail ♪ ♪ cut creator scratch the record with his fingernail ♪ ♪ rock the bells ♪ ♪ the king of crowd rockers finally is back ♪ ♪ my voice is your choice as the hottest wax ♪ ♪ true as a wizard, just a blizzard ♪ ♪ I ain't taken no crap ♪ ♪ I'm rhymin' and designin' with your girl in my lap ♪ Rock the bells! Unh! ♪ Now I'm World-Wide known, whether you like it or not ♪ ♪ my one-man band is cut creator A.K.A. Philpot ♪ ♪ he'll never skip it, only rip it ♪ when he's on the fader ♪ ♪ what's my Dee-Jay's name? ♪ Cut Creator! ♪ Now you know the episode who's on the wheels ♪ ♪ he'll drive the cross fader like a cut mobile ♪ ♪ so precise with a slice that you know he's greater ♪ ♪ what's my Dee-Jay's name? ♪ - Cut Creator! - ♪ Now you know ♪ ♪ what do you know, Earl rolls the weed ♪ ♪ I go to the store and get old gold ♪ ♪ so all you crabby-lookin' nappy-headed girls get back ♪ ♪ 'cause there's a 10-to-1 chance ♪ ♪ that you might get smacked ♪ ♪ rock the bells ♪ [Cheers and applause] Yo. [Cheers and applause] Teigen: Look at your boombox. [Laughs] Oh! [Cheers and applause continue] You know what? You know what? That wasn't right. I didn't know she was doing that song. That's cheatin'. Very tricky. Oh! The greatest of all time! LL Cool J! [Cheers and applause] All right, Queen Latifah, go grab a seat. Have a seat next to Marlon. Thank you! Thank you so much! [Cheers and applause] Chrissy, how do you feel about Queen Latifah's grand finale. Kangol hats off to Queen Latifah. That was fantastic. Are you kidding me? They got me. And she delivered. She did you proud. Only one of these lip-syncers can be our champion. All the hours of hamming it up in the mirror led to this. Who won tonight's battle? Find out when "LSB" returns. ["Rock the Bells" playing] ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ Welcome back to "LSB." Queen Latifah and Marlon Wayans just went head-to-head in a battle for lip-sync supremacy. But only one of them will be named champion. Who's gonna rock the "LSB" belt tonight? Chrissy, you ready? - I'm ready. - You ready? - Oh, yeah. - Come on over, Chris. Is it Marlon? [Cheers and applause] Or is it Queen Latifah? [Cheers and applause] Bull crap! She cheated! All right. The winner and "Lip Sync Battle" champion is... Queen Latifah! [Cheers and applause] [Laughs] It's cheating. That was a hell of a karate move. That was cheating. All right. Yeah, you just put that over you like that. [Cheers and applause] I'm not mad! I'm not upset! Thank you, Marlon Wayans and Queen Latifah. And big ups to the millions of fans watching at home and online. From me and my girl Chrissy Teigen, good night, and remember... knock 'em out the box, L. Knock 'em out, L. ♪ LL Cool J is hard as hell ♪ ♪ battle anybody, I don't care who you tell ♪ ♪ I excel, they all fail ♪ ♪ I'm gonna crack shells, double-l must rock the bells ♪ ♪ you've been waitin' and debatin' for, oh, so long ♪ ♪ just starvin' like Marvin for a cool j song ♪ ♪ if you cried and thought I died, you definitely was wrong ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 