Lip Sync Battle: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lip Sync Battle 
 s1e6 - Michael Strahan vs. Hoda Kotb - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lip Sync Battle (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Michael Strahan vs. Hoda Kotb - full transcript 
 Michael Strahan and Hoda Kotb face off. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Powerman 5000's "20th Century Boy" playing] ♪ Friends say it's fine, friends say it's good ♪ ♪ everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ ohhhhhhh ♪ ♪ well, it's plain to see you were meant for me, yeah ♪ ♪ and I'm your boy, your 20th century toy ♪ [Feedback] Teigen: He's gone gold. He's gone platinum. Now let's see you go crazy. It's your host, LL Cool J. [Cheers and applause] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 All right. Welcome to "Lip Sync Battle." You know what it is. You've seen it on TV. You've seen it online. You've seen it everywhere, so you know the game is simple. Two stars lip-sync two songs. The audience decides who did it the best. Are we clear? Yeah! The songs the performers pick are aimed to psych out their opponent. They pick songs knowing the audience is looking for style, degree of difficulty, and lip-sync ability, okay? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [Cheers and applause] Here to help me is our color commentator. She's the voice of the people, the mayor of Syncville, my girl, Chrissy Teigen! [Cheers and applause] Hi! Go, Chrissy! Go, Chrissy! So, you guys ready for a lip sync extravaganza? [Cheers and applause] She's a co-host of "The Today Show." Yeah! Hoda Kotb! [Cheers and applause] And her opponent, from "Live with Kelly and Michael," NFL Hall of Famer... ... a giant of a man, Michael Strahan! [Cheers and applause] [Cheers and applause continue] The man! Yo. Well, according to the rules of the international lip sync federation... an NFL Hall of Famer always goes first. But a real gentleman goes second to the ladies. - Ohh! - Mike, as a true gentleman, why don't you go over to our V.I.P. section? - Goodbye, baby. - Good luck, my lady. Good luck. - So, Hoda... - Hi, guys. Oh, my god, I'm kind of nervous! Oh, my god! All right, so, Hoda... Yeah. Yes, yes. ... you look great. Oh, thank you. What's your first song? I picked... "Baby Got Back." [Cheers and applause] Oh! Okay. - Okay? - I'm not gonna argue. Ladies and gentlemen, anything can happen on "Lip Sync Battle," including Hoda Kotb singing "Baby Got Back." [Cheers and applause] Oh, my, god. Becky, look at her butt. It is so big. [Scoffs] She looks like one of those rap guys' girlfriends. But, you know, who understands those rap guys? [Scoffs] They only talk to her because she looks like a total prostitute, 'kay? I mean, her butt, it's just so big. [Scoffs] I can't believe it's just so round. It's like, out there. I mean [Scoffs] gross. Look! She's just so... black! [Rapping] ♪ I like big butts, and I cannot lie ♪ ♪ you other brothers can't deny ♪ ♪ that when a girl walks in with an itty-bitty waist ♪ ♪ and a round thing in your face ♪ ♪ you get sprung ♪ ♪ wanna pull out your tough ♪ ♪ 'cause you notice that butt was stuffed ♪ ♪ deep in the jeans she's wearing ♪ ♪ I'm hooked, and I can't stop staring ♪ ♪ oh, baby, I wanna get with you ♪ ♪ and take your picture ♪ ♪ my homeboys tried to warn me ♪ ♪ but that butt you got makes me so horny ♪ ♪ ooh, rump-o'-smooth-skin ♪ ♪ you say you wanna get in my Benz? ♪ ♪ Well, use me, use me ♪ ♪ 'cause you ain't that average groupie ♪ ♪ I've seen them dancin' ♪ ♪ to hell with romancin' ♪ ♪ she's sweat, wet ♪ ♪ got it goin' like a turbo 'vette ♪ ♪ I'm tired of magazines ♪ ♪ sayin' flat butts are the thing ♪ ♪ take the average black man, and ask him that ♪ ♪ she gotta pack much back ♪ ♪ so, fellas fellas: Yeah! ♪ ♪ Fellas yeah! ♪ ♪ Has your girlfriend got the butt? ♪ ♪ Tell 'em to shake it hell, yeah! ♪ ♪ Shake it ♪ ♪ shake it ♪ ♪ shake it ♪ ♪ shake that healthy butt ♪ ♪ baby got back ♪ [cheers and applause] Stop it! LL Cool J: Wow. Whoo! Oh, my god, my heart is pounding. Seriously, my heart is pounding! Hoda! Wow! That was amazing! So... What inspired you? What was going through your mind as you prepped for sir mix-a-lot's, uh, opus? Can I tell you it's the total opposite of me? I am so embarrassed doing all those moves. - It looked like you, Hoda. - It did? - It looked a lot like you. - It did? It looked like you've done it before. - I love you. - I love her. LL Cool J: Hey, hey, we got to live a little, now. - Come on, now. - Hey. I'm living my alter ego. My other personality just happened. - That was awesome. - Well, we love her. Give her a round of applause. Thank you. - [Cheers and applause] - No, no, no. Don't leave yet. Don't leave yet. Michael, what did you think? Well, you know, Hoda threw all that back. I don't know if there's room for both of us out here. [Laughs] But, hey, I got... that was strong. It gets crazier, too. It does. My heartbeat is racing. Ohh, really? Oh, well, in that case, Hoda, your turn for a break. - Okay. Okay. - Go on down. Mike, come on over. [Cheers and applause] All right, man. What song are you going with, Mike? I got to do "London Bridge" by Fergie, you know? [Cheers and applause] Ladies and gentlemen, on the main stage... Yes! ... Mr. Michael Strahan. [Cheers and applause] ♪ It's me ♪ ♪ Fergie ♪ Polo! Man: Fergie Ferg, what's up baby?! ♪ When I come to the club, step aside ♪ ♪ part the seas, don't be having me in the line ♪ ♪ V.I.P 'cause you know I gotta shine ♪ ♪ I'm Fergie Ferg, and me love you long time ♪ ♪ oh, snap ♪ ♪ all my girls get down on the floor ♪ ♪ oh, snap ♪ ♪ back-to-back, drop it down real low ♪ ♪ I'm such a lady but I'm dancing like a... ♪ ♪ 'Cause you know what, I don't give a... ♪ ♪ So here we go ♪ ♪ how come every time you come around ♪ ♪ my London, London Bridge want to go down? ♪ ♪ Like London, London, London ♪ ♪ wanna go down ♪ ♪ like London, London, London ♪ ♪ be going down like ♪ ♪ the drinks start pouring ♪ ♪ and my speech start slurring ♪ ♪ everybody start looking real good ♪ ♪ the grey goose got your girl feeling loose ♪ ♪ now I'm wishing that I didn't wear these shoes ♪ ♪ it's like every time I get up on a dude ♪ ♪ paparazzi put my business in the news ♪ ♪ how come every time you come around ♪ ♪ my London, London Bridge want to go down? ♪ ♪ Like London, London, London, wanna go down ♪ ♪ like London, London, London ♪ ♪ be going down like ♪ ♪ how come every time you come around ♪ ♪ my London, London Bridge want to go down? ♪ ♪ Like London, London, London ♪ ♪ wanna go down ♪ ♪ like London, London, London ♪ ♪ be going down like ♪ [cheers and applause] Yes! Before we go any further, a tribute to my host. After that performance, I got to do this. [Laughter, applause] I'll just tell you... [chuckles] I was sitting over there, so from over there, I just want to wipe that image from my mind. Like, from that angle over there, believe me, London Bridge was gone. I mean, you gave Usher a run for us money with the London, Lon... Doing a lot of grinding, player. Did y'all enjoy that? - [Cheers and applause] - Let's go. Hoda. Hoda. Mike obviously had a great time. What did you think? I thought it was amazing. And I have to counter you. From this view, it looked pretty good! [Cheers and applause] That makes sense. That makes sense. Yes, it does. Okay, Michael, have a seat in our MVP section. LL Cool J: Everyone has an opinion about who's in the lead, especially our color commentator. Teigen: Oh. The "maestress" of syncopation. That's me. Chrissy Teigen, what did you think, baby? What did you think? I never thought in my life I would hear LL Cool J say the words, "ladies and gentlemen, Hoda Kotb performing 'Baby Got Back'!" And I was like, "oh, my god, this is gonna be awesome." And it was as awesome as I thought it would be. And then Michael came out. And to see this... like, the split... [Laughter] It's called splitting them cakes, I guess. No, cutting... oh, getting the cakes cut up. - Cutting the cakes. - Cut your cakes up. Cutting the cakes. - Yeah, cut some... - Happy Birthday, baby. Thank you. I don't know how to say it. I don't know how to say it. I will never use that term to describe myself... cutting my cakes. No way. You cutting cakes. You cut those cakes, baby. Wow. Coming up, more on "Lip Sync Battle" as Michael and Hoda get ready for round 2. We'll be right back. ♪ How come every time you come around ♪ ♪ my London, London Bridge want to go down? ♪ ♪ Baby got back ♪ Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." Hoda and Michael showed they have real chops, but round 2 is make-or-break. Both Hoda and Michael have something special planned. Before we continue this battle for lip-sync supremacy, let's see how Hoda prepared for her performance. Stretch out the neck. Stretch out the shoulders. Yes. Yes. I'm ready. Where's the Tequila? Be ready with Tequila. I can hear Michael Strahan right across the hall crying. He's a big football player who's also a big, gigantic baby. I don't want to brag or anything, but the guy's got zero Daytime Emmys. I have three. Three. But who's counting? You do the math 'cause Michael can't. Every day on my show, we sing songs. While Kathie Lee is off singing her Broadway showtunes and boring the crap out of everyone, I am singing some funk. All right, it's time. Here I come. And, quite frankly, I'm terrified. [Cheers and applause] ♪ Doh ♪ ♪ doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh ♪ ♪ doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh ♪ ♪ doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, ♪ ♪ this hit, that ice cold ♪ ♪ Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold ♪ ♪ this one, for them hood girls, them good girls ♪ ♪ straight masterpieces ♪ ♪ stylin', wilin', livin' it up in the city ♪ ♪ got Chucks on with Saint Laurent ♪ ♪ gotta kiss myself, I'm so pretty ♪ ♪ I'm too hot ♪ ♪ hot damn ♪ ♪ called the police and the firemen ♪ ♪ I'm too hot ♪ ♪ hot damn ♪ ♪ make a dragon wanna retire, man ♪ ♪ I'm too hot ♪ ♪ hot damn ♪ ♪ say my name, you know who I am ♪ ♪ I'm too hot ♪ ♪ hot damn ♪ ♪ am I bad 'bout that money, break it down ♪ ♪ girls, hit your hallelujah ♪ ♪ whoo ♪ ♪ girls, hit your hallelujah ♪ ♪ whoo ♪ ♪ girls, hit your hallelujah ♪ ♪ whoo ♪ ♪ 'cause uptown funk gon' give it to you ♪ ♪ 'cause uptown funk gon' give it to you ♪ ♪ 'cause uptown funk gon' give it to you ♪ ♪ Saturday night, and we in the spot ♪ ♪ don't believe me, just watch ♪ ♪ come on ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh ♪ ♪ don't believe me, just watch ♪ ♪ unh ♪ ♪ doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh, doh ♪ ♪ don't believe me, just watch, unh ♪ ♪ don't believe me, just watch, unh ♪ ♪ don't believe me, just watch ♪ ♪ don't believe me, just watch ♪ ♪ hey, hey, hey, oh ♪ ♪ stop ♪ [cheers and applause] LL Cool J: Wow. Wow! Wow! [Audience chanting "Hoda, Hoda!"] [Laughing] Oh, god. That was so much fun. Oh, my god. That was so much fun! [Cheers and applause] Yo. I'll tell you, for a morning girl, she got some great, like, up-in-the-club-all-night moves, right? That was amazing. You guys, thank you. - That was fun. - That was amazing. Well, Hoda, you did great. Have a seat. Have a seat next to Michael. [Cheers and applause] Stay tuned to find out if Michael Strahan can tackle his next song. We got more coming up on "Lip Sync Battle." Come with me. [Cheers and applause] ♪ Don't believe me, just watch ♪ [cheers and applause] Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle." Hoda just brought us some uptown funk. [Cheers and applause] Now let's see if number 92 can end up number one. Check him out... lip-sync training camp. Strahan: In order to prepare for "Lip Sync Battle," I got to warm up my vocals. [High-pitched chanting] Even though you're not singing, it's very important. When you open your mouth, you got to give the inflection in your throat. She's too happy, and I'm too scared. Hoda, you're scaring me. Now, a lot of people like to use breath fresheners. But for the "Lip Sync Battle," the secret... don't use them. Get in your opponent's face. You breathe the garlic. You breathe the hummus. You breathe the M&M;'s. You get all that all up in their grill, and it just gets in their mouth, puts a coat of funk on their tongue. Hoda, before tonight's competition, we were friends. After tonight's competition, we will be friends. The love is still there, but it's just on pause 'cause I got to take you out, Hoda. I got to take you out. ♪ Girl, I must ♪ ♪ warn yoooooooooou ♪ ♪ I sense something strange in my mind ♪ Yeah. Yo. ♪ Situation is ♪ ♪ seriooous ♪ ♪ let's cure it 'cause we're running out of time ♪ Whoo! ♪ It's oh, so ♪ ♪ beautifuuuuul ♪ ♪ relationships, they seem from the start ♪ Yeah. Mm-hmm. ♪ It's all so ♪ ♪ deadlyyyyyy ♪ ♪ when love is not together from the heart ♪ Check it out. ♪ It's drivin' me out of my mind ♪ ♪ that's why it's hard for me to find ♪ ♪ can't get it out of my head ♪ ♪ miss her, kiss her, love her ♪ Wrong move, you're dead. ♪ That girl is poisooooon ♪ ♪ never trust a big butt and a smile ♪ ♪ that girl is poisoooooooon ♪ ♪ poison, deadly, movin' it slow ♪ ♪ lookin' for a mellow fellow like Devoe ♪ ♪ gettin' paid, laid, so better lay low ♪ ♪ schemin' on house, money, and the whole show ♪ ♪ the low pro ho, she'll be cut like an afro ♪ ♪ so what you're sayin', huh, she's a winner to you ♪ ♪ but I know she's a loser, how do we know? ♪ ♪ Me and the crew used to do her ♪ [Cheers and applause] LL Cool J: Give it up one more time. [Cheers and applause] Yo, Mike, Mike, this is... this is "Lip Sync Battle." Yeah. You brought out the real Bell Biv DeVoe. Yes. [Cheers and applause] You know what, hey... hey, I was taught you go hard, or you go home. That's right. So, fellas, fellas, fellas, what was it like up here performing with an NFL Hall of Famer like Michael Strahan? It was fun because, you know, Mike knows the songs. He comes to the concerts. He's like a part of the crew, not unlike you. You was with us in Brooklyn. Oh, no question. No question. - You still remember, right? - Yeah. - You still got it, right? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. We ride together, but, you know, I couldn't keep up with the steps. Exactly. I had to bail out, you know what I mean? So, Hoda. - Hoda. Hoda. - Kotb: Yes? You saw what just happened. I loved that. I am pointing to right from here... Bell Biv DeVoe is here! That is awesome. So, guys, you guys can go over and sit in the lounge, - have a seat. - Come on! LL Cool J: Chrissy, what did you think of Bell Biv DeVoe and Michael Strahan? I got to say, Michael, you brought it. You called your celebrity friends. Not all of us have BBD in our cellphones, but you do, so that's very cool. You have John Legend in your bed! You have John Legend in your bed! [Cheers and applause] Everybody, say, "it's on now!" Audience: It's on now! We'll be right back with Hoda, Michael, Chrissy, and me, you know. Keep watching. "Lip Sync Battle," baby. ♪ Girl, I, must ♪ ♪ warn yoooooooooou ♪ ♪ I sense something strange in my mind ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ [Cheers and applause] Hoda and Michael have given the performances of their lives. Oh, my god. Right now, it's time to select a champion. Chrissy, the belt, please. Oh, Chrissy. Audience, it's up to you. Is the winner Michael Strahan? [Cheers and applause] Or is the winner Hoda Kotb? [Louder cheers and applause] There it is. [Audience chanting "Hoda, Hoda!"] And the winner and "Lip Sync Battle" champion is Hoda Kotb! [Cheers and applause] - Wow! - Wow! - That was unbelievable. - Wow! - Take a walk. - That was unbelievable. Take your championship walk. [Cheers and applause] [Intro to "Baby Got Back" playing] Thank you. Thank you to Hoda and Michael for great performances and the beautiful Chrissy Teigen for being here with me. Make sure to check out our next "Lip Sync Battle." I'm LL Cool J, for me, Chrissy, and the rest of the lip-sync crew, good night, and remember, knock 'em out the box, Al! Knock 'em out, Al! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 