Lip Sync Battle: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lip Sync Battle 
 s1e11 - Alison Brie vs. Will Arnett - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lip Sync Battle (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Alison Brie vs. Will Arnett - full transcript 
 Actress Alison Brie faces off against actor Will Arnett. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [T. Rex's "20th Century Boy" playing] ♪ Friends say it's fine, friends say it's good ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ Ohhhhhhh ♪ ♪ Well, it's plain to see you were meant for me, yeah ♪ ♪ And I'm your boy, your 20th century toy ♪ [Cheers and applause] [Feedback] TEIGEN: He's got the most famous lips in the game. Give it up for LL Cool J. Hands in the air! Hands in the air! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Say yeah! AUDIENCE: Yeah! Now scream! [Cheers and applause] Wow! Welcome to "Lip Sync Battle," the only show on TV where celebrities go all-in, letting it all hang out. Well, tonight, we've got two incredibly talented actors here to turn it all the way up. Adding her own unique flavor to that recipe, my special sauce, give it up for Chrissy Teigen. - [Cheers and applause] - ♪ Everywhere I G-G-G-G-Go ♪ ♪ All they do is stare and stare ♪ ♪ All they do is stare and stare ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ All they do is stare and stare ♪ She'll be doing the play-by-play, the blow-by-blow. Telling it like it is. Whoo! Chrissy, what's on tap for tonight? I love a good comedian showdown. I love it. - You love it, right? - They don't care. They don't care about looking silly. I love it. All right, let me break it down for you. Two stars, two rounds, neither star knows what their challenger's songs are. Round 1 is just lips. Round 2, these performers work with our team to dream up their ultimate performances. It's crazy. Then our audience chooses who wins the "Lip Sync" championship belt. All right? [Cheers and applause] You guys ready? All right. Let's meet tonight's gladiators. From "Arrested Development" and "The Lego Movie," he's one of the funniest human beings on the planet. Just ask him. Will Arnett! [Cheers and applause] And you've seen his rival on "Mad Men." You've seen her on "Community." You've seen her in your dreams. Here to sync her freakin' lips off, it's Alison Brie! [Cheers and applause] Okay, now both of you were in "The Lego Movie," right? ARNETT: Yeah. Will, who did you play? I played a character... I don't know if you guys are familiar with him. [Deep voice] His name... is Batman. [Cheers and applause] And, Alison, what role did you play in "The Lego Movie"? I played Unikitty, part unicorn, part kitten. [Cheers and applause] Well... Unicorns don't exist, so, Alison, have a seat. [Laughter] That's right. Batman's for real. [Laughter] Come on over, Will. Come on over. What song did you choose? [Clears throat] You know, LL, I wanted to pick a song that really spoke to me. And I'm on a quest in this life to do nothing but find out... who... let the dogs out. [Cheers and applause] Well, trying to answer that immortal question, who let the dogs out, here is Will Arnett. [Cheers and applause] ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Well, the party was nice, the party was pumpin' ♪ ♪ Yippie yi yo ♪ ♪ iArriba! ♪ ♪ And everybody havin' a ball ♪ ♪ Yippie yi yo ♪ ♪ Ha, ho ♪ ♪ Until the fellas started name callin' ♪ ♪ Yippie yi yo ♪ ♪ And the girls respond to the call ♪ ♪ I heard a poor man shout out ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ I see ya' little speed boat head up our coast ♪ ♪ She really want to skip town ♪ ♪ Get back Gruffy, back, Scruffy ♪ ♪ Get back you flea-infested mongrel ♪ [Rapping] ♪ Well, if I am a dog the party is on ♪ ♪ I gotta get my groove 'cause my mind done gone ♪ ♪ Do you see the rays comin' from my eye ♪ ♪ Walkin' through the place that Benji man is breakin' it down? ♪ ♪ Me and my white short shorts, and I can't see color ♪ ♪ Any color will do I'll stick on you ♪ ♪ That's why they call me "Pit bull" ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm the man of the land ♪ ♪ When they see me, they say, "Hoooo!" ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ Who?! [Cheers and applause] Wow. So, Will, what is the trick to doing a convincing lip sync? Like, you tell me... What makes it special? Spectacular? In my view, just for me, personally... I don't know what Alison's gonna do... but you got to be an incredible dancer. [Laughter] Obviously, I move like a gazelle. That was important. I love it. Well, Will, you grab a seat right next to the beautiful Alison. Alison, come on over here. [Cheers and applause] Alison, what song are you gonna perform for us right now to make Will feel beautiful inside? The song is "Shoop," by Salt-N-Pepa. - Yes! Yes. - [Cheers and applause] Okay, okay. - Shoop ba-doop. - [Laughs] Trying to make an early run at the title with "Shoop," by Salt-N-Pepa, here's Alison Brie! [Cheers and applause] [Intro plays] Ooh. How you doin', baby? That sounds sexy. Unh. [Rapping] ♪ Here I go, here I go, here I go again ♪ ♪ Girls, what's my weakness? ♪ ♪ Men ♪ ♪ Okay, then ♪ ♪ Chillin', chillin' mindin' my business ♪ ♪ Yo, Salt, I looked around, and I couldn't believe this ♪ ♪ I swear, I stared, my niece my witness ♪ ♪ The brother had it goin' on with somethin' kinda unh ♪ ♪ Wicked, wicked, had to kick it ♪ ♪ I'm not shy, so I asked for the digits ♪ ♪ A ho? No, that don't make me ♪ ♪ See what I want, slip slide to it swifty ♪ ♪ Felt it in my hips ♪ ♪ So I dipped back to my bag of tricks ♪ ♪ Then I flipped for a tip ♪ ♪ Made me wanna do tricks for him ♪ ♪ Lick him like a lollipop should be licked ♪ ♪ Came to my senses, and I chilled for a bit ♪ ♪ Don't know how you do the voodoo that you do so well ♪ ♪ It's a spell, hell, makes me wanna shoop, shoop, shoop ♪ ♪ Shoop ba-doop ♪ ♪ Shoop ba-doop ♪ ♪ Shoop ba-doop, ba-doop, ba-doop ♪ ♪ Um, you're packed, and you're stacked ♪ ♪ especially in the back ♪ ♪ Brother, wanna thank your mother for a butt like that ♪ ♪ Can I get some fries with that shake-shake, boobie? ♪ ♪ If looks could kill, you would be an Uzi ♪ ♪ You're a shotgun... Bang! ♪ ♪ What's up with that thang? ♪ ♪ I wanna know how does it hang? ♪ ♪ Straight up, wait up, hold up, Mr. Lover ♪ ♪ Like Prince said, you're a sexy motha... ♪ ♪ Well-a, I like 'em real wild ♪ ♪ B-boy style by the mile ♪ ♪ Smooth black skin with a smile ♪ ♪ Bright as the sun ♪ ♪ I wanna have some fun ♪ ♪ Come and give me some of that yum-yum ♪ ♪ chocolate chip, honey dip ♪ ♪ Can I get a scoop? ♪ ♪ Baby, take a ride in my coupe ♪ ♪ You make me wanna... ♪ ♪ Shoop, shoop ba-doop ♪ ♪ Don't you know I wanna shoop, baby? ♪ [Cheers and applause] That... Wow. What made you choose that song? You know, just a really fun song. I love looking at men's bodies and, like, thinking of how to describe them, you know? "Yum-yum, chocolate chip, honey dip." [Cheers and applause] I can think of some people that that description would fit. - Yeah! - And, you know... [Laughs] That's funny. That's funny. I love how uncomfortable we're making LL right now. It's cool. That's funny. She's funny. [Laughs] This is funny right here. All right, Alison, you join Will in the V.I.P. No fisticuffs, please. Oh, my God. That outfit looks like something LL threw away 10 years ago. [Laughter] Uh-oh! Wow. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry! - [Laughter] - [Salt-N-Pepa's "Shoop" playing] - All right, when we come back, these two debut their showstoppers in the championship round. - "Lip Sync Battle"... It's on. - [Cheers and applause] ♪ Shoop ba-doop, ba-doop, ba-doop ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ ♪ Who let the dogs out? ♪ ♪ Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? ♪ Welcome back to "LSB," Arnett versus Brie. Round 2 is on. Our stars are pulling out all the stops... anything they can think up to throw down. Let's see how Will went to boot camp to prepare for lip-sync war. What an amazing night for me to be here. [Exhales deeply] For you to... you know, for the end of you. Yeah, there was a time when lip-syncing was my life. You know, I was the new kid on the block. And I did mostly New Kids on the Block. A lot of people say when I first came out of Toronto that I had a lot of street... you know, the hard-scrabble streets of Toronto... and I bring that to my game, 24/7/265. I need 100 days off a year. You know what I ate for lunch before I came here? Tell me. A bowl of confidence. Alison Brie is a young actress here in Hollywood, and she's got it coming. Alison, I got one thing to say to you... objects in the mirror... are closer than they appear. Beliee dat. "Believe that" is what I'm trying to say, but I'm keeping it street. [Cheers and applause] [Tegan and Sara's "Everything is Awesome" playing] ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ Everything is cool when you're part of a team ♪ Oh, my God! ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ When we're living our dream ♪ ♪ We're the same... I'm like you, ♪ ♪ you're like me, we're all working in harmony ♪ ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ Everything is cool when you're part of a team ♪ ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ When we're living our dream ♪ 3, 2, 1, go. Whoooooo! [Rapping] ♪ Have you heard the news? Everyone's talking ♪ ♪ Life is good 'cause everything's awesome ♪ ♪ Lost my job, it's a new opportunity ♪ ♪ More free time for my awesome community ♪ ♪ I feel more awesome than an awesome possum ♪ ♪ Dip my body in chocolate frostin' ♪ ♪ Three years later, wash off the frostin' ♪ ♪ Smellin' like a blossom, everything is awesome ♪ ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ Everything is cool when you're part of a team ♪ ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ When we're living our dream ♪ [Cheers and applause] What?! No! No! No! No. No, no. No. Yo! Oh, my goodness. I don't support this. I did not okay this photo. That's a great shot of... You look great in that shot. I look like I'm snarling at your performance... kind of like, "Ehh." [Laughter] Will the Thrill, come on over here. - [Cheers and applause] - Will the Thrill. [Laughs] What are you thinking? Was that the death blow? Did you just crush her world, or what do you think? I think that that was the final brick in her coffin. Boo. Oh, boo. Not her real coffin. I mean that in a fun way. [Laughter] Will, you go have a seat next to your rival. - Chrissy? - Yes. What's your feeling about Will's performance? I loved this performance. I love any kind of robotic moves. And when you involve lights, I'm excited. I kind of had a bit of a seizure, but I was very excited by it. [Laughter] Honestly, Will, I love you, I got to say. I love Will Arnett so much. Give it up for Will. Oh. - Thank you, baby girl. - Boo. - [Tegan and Sara's "Everything is Awesome" playing] - Well, Will Arnett put his thing down, flipped it, and reversed it. When we come back, Alison Brie is gonna blow up his ego and burst it. "LSB"! Stay in sync. ♪ Everything is awesome ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ "Lip Sync Battle" is back on your screen. Alison and Will walked in friends, but only one can walk out a champ. Round 2 is where they step it up. Let's see how Alison prepared to dominate in her final song. Alison Brie here, getting ready for the "Lip Sync Battle." I just snuck into LL's room. Just to kind of tidy up and make it really nice. You know that he is the host of the show and pretty much decides the winner. Alison Brie, everybody. Just kind of wanted to put the Alison Brie finesse, if you will. I'm gonna... you... up. He's gonna love this. You seem pretty confident. I'm feeling confident, yeah. A win is guaranteed. You seem a little... nervous. [Speaking indistinctly] LL! You look great, as always. I just wanted to make sure everything was perfect for you. You know, I'm gonna be the best one. - Let everyone know. - Oh, yeah. We're here, but the audience is out there, Alison. The audience really decides? Yeah. Sorry. [Door shuts] Damn. [Cheers and applause] [Jessie J's "Bang Bang" plays] ♪ She might've let you hold her hand in school ♪ ♪ But I'mma show you how to graduate ♪ ♪ No, I don't need to hear you talk the talk ♪ ♪ Just come and show me what your mama gave, oh ♪ ♪ You've got a very big ♪ ♪ Shhh ♪ ♪ Mouth but don't say a thing ♪ ♪ See, anybody could be good to you ♪ ♪ You need a bad girl to blow your mind ♪ ♪ Bang, bang into the room ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ Bang, bang all over you ♪ ♪ I'll let you have it ♪ ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ♪ Wait a minute till ya ♪ ♪ Ahhhh, hey ♪ ♪ Bang, bang there goes your heart ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ Back, back seat of my car ♪ ♪ I'll let you have it ♪ ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ♪ Wait a minute till ya ♪ ♪ Ahhhh, hey ♪ [Rapping] ♪ It's Myx Moscato, it's friends in the bottle ♪ ♪ It's Nicki full-throttle, it's unh, unh ♪ ♪ Swimming in the grotto, we winning in the lotto ♪ ♪ We dipping in the pot of blue foam, so ♪ ♪ Kitten so good, it's drippin' on wood ♪ ♪ Get a ride in the engine that could go ♪ ♪ Batman-Robin it, bang, bang, cocking it ♪ ♪ Queen Nicki dominate, prominent ♪ ♪ It's me, Jessie, and Ari ♪ ♪ If they test me, they sorry ♪ ♪ Ride us up like a Harley ♪ ♪ Then pull off in this Ferrari ♪ ♪ If he hangin', we bangin' ♪ ♪ Phone rangin', he slangin' ♪ ♪ It ain't karaoke night ♪ ♪ but get the mike 'cause I'm singing, unh ♪ ♪ B to the A to the N to the G to the uh ♪ ♪ B to the A to the N to the G to the, hey ♪ ♪ See, anybody could be good to you ♪ ♪ You need a bad girl to blow your mind ♪ ♪ your mind ♪ [Cheers and applause] She, like, lip-sync shot half of Will's face off. [Laughter] Wow. I don't think everybody was ready for this Alison Brie that we're seeing tonight. Oh, I'm ready for her. I was ready. How did you prep for that? I've been memorizing that since before I knew I was gonna be on the show. I've been memorizing that since before I was born! [Laughter and cheers and applause] But, seriously, it was really hard work. I was, like, listening to it every day in my car. [Laughter] Will, Alison just filled you full of holes. Any last words? Oh, so many jokes to say to that. Say them! Say them. I don't know how to even take what she did. Look at this. [Laughter] She shot my face off, and then then she had her clothes ripped off. I'm so confused. I'm going straight to therapy from here. [Laughter] You're welcome. "You're welcome." That's pretty... [Laughter] "You're welcome." Alison, please go chill in the V.I.P. for a minute. [Cheers and applause] Time to check in with my own personal gangsta. Chrissy? To me, honestly, that is one of the best Nicki Minaj verses of all time. - She slayed it. - Word. And you nailed it. You really nailed it. Like, it's so quick and all over the place. You killed it. And then I was so proud, and you went all Suge Knight crazy, and I was so confused. [Laughter] He's in jail. He's not here. ARNETT: He can't get her. Oh... He can't get her. [Laughter] - [Jessie J's "Bang Bang" plays] - Hilarious. All right, round 2 is over, and these two are both still standing but not for long. When we come back, one becomes a champion on "Lip Sync Battle." ♪ Bang, bang into the room ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ Bang, bang all over you ♪ ♪ I'll let you have it ♪ ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ♪ Wait a minute ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ Welcome back to "LSB," Arnett versus Brie, with Lip Sync World War III in here. Now it is time for the crowd to decide who gets the "Lip Sync" victory belt. Are you guys ready? [Cheers and applause] Chrissy Teigen, let's do this. Let's do this. Ready? Is the champ Will Arnett? [Cheers and applause] Or is the champ Alison Brie? [Cheers and applause] And the "Lip Sync Battle" champion is Alison Brie. [Cheers and applause] Wow. Make a round of applause for Alison Brie, everybody. [Cheers and applause] Congratulations. Thank you. [Laughter] Oh, thank you. So, Alison, the belt is yours. Clearly, it is. Yeah, clearly it is. What are you feeling right now? I feel nothing but immense gratitude. - You know, if Will... - Oh, boy... If Will hadn't... - sucked so badly... - [Laughter] ... I might not have been able to win today. If he were not so under-prepared... [Laughter] ... then my regular level of preparedness would have seemed average. [Laughter] So, Will, did you have a good time? I had a great time, despite... No, and Will was wonderful. Will was awesome. I had a great time. And I would've voted for Alison had I been given the chance 'cause she was amazing. - [Jessie J's "Bang Bang" plays] - That was fantastic. That's what I'm talking about. Nice. Props to Will Arnett and Alison Brie for being awesome tonight! A shout-out to the millions of fans watching around the world. Good night from me, LL Cool J, and my girl Chrissy. And remember... no matter what you do in life, knock 'em out the box, L. Knock' em out, L. ♪ Bang, bang into the room ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ Bang, bang all over you ♪ ♪ I'll let you have it ♪ ♪ Wait a minute, let me take you there ♪ ♪ Wait a minute till ya ♪ ♪ Ahhhh, hey ♪ ♪ Bang, bang there goes your heart ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ Back, back seat of my car ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 