Lip Sync Battle: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lip Sync Battle 
 s1e3 - Anne Hathaway vs. Emily Blunt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lip Sync Battle (2015–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Anne Hathaway vs. Emily Blunt - full transcript 
 Anne Hathaway and Emily Blunt go head-to-head. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Friends say it's fine ♪ ♪ friends say it's good ♪ ♪ everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ ohhhhh ♪ ♪ well, it's plain to see you were meant for me ♪ ♪ yeah, I'm your boy, your 20th century toy ♪ [Cheers and applause] Teigen: Please welcome hip hop icon... What's up?! ... our host, LL Cool J. Got to love it! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the freshest show on TV... "Lip Sync Battle"! Now, you've seen it dominate Late-Night and the Internet, and now lip-syncing celebrities are in prime time. We've got an incredible lineup for you tonight. And when I say "incredible", I mean incredible, okay? To make sure we don't miss a beat, please welcome our colorful commentator... the lovely Chrissy Teigen. [Rap music plays] Hi. Mwah! Hi. [Cheers and applause] She'll be keeping the party going tonight 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with her wild style reactions. Go, Chrissy! Go, Chrissy! Oh, oh, oh. Tonight, two of the most powerful stars of the big screen face off in a "Devil Wears Prada" reunion battle. [Cheers and applause] It's about to get real. Chrissy, Chrissy, you ready? Holy cow! I'm so excited right now. I cannot believe what's happening. We have two, like, really A-list people tonight. I'm so excited. Are you guys excited? [Cheers and applause] Here's how it breaks down... round 1, each star gives us a stripped-down performance. Easy, easy, tiger. Easy. Round 2 is a full-blown concert. Anything they want... dancers, costumes, special effects. Sky's the limit. All right? The audience, you guys are our judge and jury. All right? You decide who takes the title, and the coolest prize ever... the Lip Sync championship belt. Are you ready? [Cheers and applause] Let the battle begin! They're best friends, best friends. But tonight, they'll be facing off. From Brooklyn, New York, she won an Oscar for actually singing in "Les Mis"... let's see how she does with the mic off... the stunning Anne Hathaway. [Cheers and applause] Her opponent might be from the posh suburbs of London, but she's still got swagger. Golden Globe winner, the incomparable and breathtaking Emily Blunt. [Cheers and applause] Okay, so, who goes first? Um... Who was Meryl Streep's first assistant in "Devil Wears Prada"? [Cheers and applause] Well, in that case, Emily, have a seat. Anne, come on up. [Cheers and applause] - Now, Anne. - Yeah. You look like you're ready for battle. You look like you're ready for war. You look armed and dangerous. - I do? - You do. Good. Then you believe me. I do believe you. Well, striking first with Mary J. Blige's "Love"... [Cheers and applause] ... here's Anne Hathaway! [Cheers and applause] [Intro plays] ♪ Well, it was like a party ♪ ♪ but the kids seem to scatter off ♪ ♪ you told me all those lies that I said you did ♪ ♪ and I can't give you one more chance ♪ ♪ but I betcha I will show you ♪ ♪ that the pick of a litter comes a little thicker ♪ ♪ then I said it would and it's been coming for a long time ♪ ♪ better stop playin me', start lovin' me ♪ ♪ I ain't the same woman giving away love for free ♪ ♪ all my life sitting 'round, thinking how to please you ♪ ♪ been flyin so long that my screws are loose ♪ ♪ but I paid my dues, now it's time to move ♪ ♪ 'cause I'm sick and tired of playing the fool ♪ ♪ 'cause you play to lose and I play to win ♪ ♪ tried not to sin, tried to be your friend ♪ ♪ l ♪ ♪ let's get you ready for another, another lifetime ♪ ♪ o ♪ ♪ our position is just to see what you can do ♪ ♪ v ♪ ♪ become a victim on the verge ♪ ♪ I'll kick your ass now ♪ ♪ e ♪ ♪ this is serious, so you'll know what to do ♪ ♪ you been wasting time ♪ ♪ are you out of your mind? ♪ ♪ Well, you show me some love ♪ ♪ l ♪ ♪ o ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ v ♪ ♪ ohh-whoa-ohh ♪ ♪ e ♪ ♪ this is serious, so you'll know what to do ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ [cheers and applause] Thank you, thank you! Emily, Emily, are you feeling the love or the hate right now? - What are you feeling? - Oh. - Oh, um... - That. I'm not concerned. I mean, I'm all right, you know? I mean, I thought it was cheap to have done all that stuff, you know? That's easy. No, no, no, to be fair... guys, guys, guys, Emily knows cheap. [Laughs] Anne, you head on over to the V.I.P. Oh, cheap. I just want to hug him all the time. Cheap. Emily, come on over. Oh, god. [Cheers and applause] No pressure. No pressure. Did you know that Anne was gonna come out here and deliver that, that, that, that... I thought she was gonna do a show tune, to be honest. Okay, so, how are you gonna step up? What are you gonna do? I'm gonna take it back a little and do "No Diggity" by Blackstreet. - [Cheers and applause] - Okay. Yes! ♪ You know what ♪ ♪ I like the playettes ♪ ♪ no diggity, no doubt ♪ ♪ I like the way you work it ♪ ♪ no diggity ♪ ♪ I got to bag it up ♪ ♪ bag it up ♪ ♪ I like the way you work it ♪ ♪ no diggity ♪ ♪ I got to bag it up ♪ ♪ 'cause that's my peeps and we rolls deep ♪ ♪ flying first class from New York City to Blackstreet ♪ ♪ what you know about me, not a [Bleep] thing ♪ ♪ Cartier wooded frames sported by my shortie ♪ ♪ as for me, icy gleaming pinky diamond ring ♪ ♪ we be's the baddest clique up on the scene ♪ ♪ ain't you getting bored with these fake [Bleep] broads ♪ ♪ I shows and proves, no doubt, I predicted so ♪ ♪ please excuse, if I come across rude ♪ ♪ that's just me and that's how a playette's got to be ♪ ♪ stay kicking game with a capital G ♪ ♪ ask the peoples on my block, I'm as real as can be ♪ ♪ word is born, faking moves never been my thing so, Teddy ♪ ♪ pass the word to your [Bleep] chauncy ♪ ♪ I'll be sitting in the car, let's say around 3:30 ♪ ♪ Queen Pen and Blackstreet ♪ ♪ it's no diggity, no diggity no doubt, baby ♪ ♪ I like the way you work it ♪ ♪ no diggity ♪ ♪ I got to bag it up ♪ ♪ hey yo, hey yo, hey yo, hey yo ♪ ♪ hey yo, that girl looks good ♪ ♪ hey yo, hey yo, hey yo, hey yo ♪ ♪ no diggity, I got to bag it up ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ we out, we out ♪ [cheers and applause] Yo. Wow! Yo, I feel like I'm at the right party right now. You're doing "No Diggity" no doubt. I like the way you work it. [Laughs] - Yeah. - Do you what... "I got to bag it up"... do you know what that means? - I mean, it's something filthy, but it's, you know... - [Laughs] She told you. I'm cheap. I'm cheap. Sorry... I... I'm really happy for you. I'm gonna let you finish. I'm... [crowd exclaims] And I love Beyoncé. I'm happy for you. I'm really happy for you. No, you're not. No, you're not. - Yo, that's crazy. - Sick. - So, Emily, join Anne right over there - Okay. in the V.I.P. section. Enjoy that vodka. All right... When we come back, the designer gloves come off... round 2, Emily versus Anne. The pressure to stay in sync continues on L.S.B. ♪ Got to bag it up ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ ♪ Unwind your mind ♪ ♪ you show me some love ♪ "Lip Sync Battle" is back. Tonight, it's Hathaway versus Blunt. Now it's time for round 2. Are you guys ready? Okay, first up, let's see how Emily prepared for the performance of her life. Those aren't right. No. I've been super-method about it. Is this a joke? These are not her glasses! I've been screaming at everybody pretty much all day 'cause I don't want a voice. You want water, or do you want hot tea? No hot water. And I guarantee that Anne Hathaway is in full voice right now. ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ You can't use that here. Thanks anyway. I've already seen what you're doing. - I'm not worried. - Have you? [Smacks lips] Bodega, bodega, bodega, bodega, bodega... You need mobility. Benedict Cumberbatch. Consonance. I'm gonna pick up your feet and mop you. Benedict Cumberbatch. Cumberbatch. This goddess that I'm about to portray out there, she's pretty wild, and she doesn't take showers. But you know what? I live to give, and this is art. This is gonna stand the test of time. [Intro plays] ♪ Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ didn't I make you feel ♪ ♪ like you were the only man? ♪ ♪ Yeah, and didn't I give you nearly everything ♪ ♪ that a woman possibly can? ♪ ♪ Honey, you know I did ♪ ♪ and each time I tell myself that I ♪ ♪ well, I think I've had enough ♪ ♪ but I'm gonna show you, baby, that a woman can be tough ♪ ♪ I want you to come on, come on, come on ♪ ♪ come on and take it ♪ ♪ take another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ oh, oh, break it ♪ ♪ break another little bit of my heart now, darling, yeah ♪ ♪ come on now ♪ ♪ have another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ you know you got it ♪ ♪ whaaaa! Take it ♪ ♪ take another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ oh, oh, break it ♪ ♪ break another little bit of my heart now, darling ♪ ♪ yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ - ♪ oh, oh, have a ♪ - Oh, my god! ♪ have another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ you know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good ♪ [Cheers and applause] Yo! [Cheers and applause] I feel like I was at the Woodstock after party. That was pretty nuts. That was pretty crazy. Balls flying all over the place. So, Anne... Anne: Yeah. Was that trippy? Look, I give it to her. That took balls. [Laughs] Teigen: What?! So, Emily, tell the audience what was going through your mind and your heart and your soul when you were singing that song? Oh, my god. I mean, more than anything, just trying to crush Anne Hathaway up here. - But, um... - [Laughs] Emily, have a seat, relax in the V.I.P. Now, I can't wait to get a reaction from our colorful commentator Chrissy Teigen. Chrissy? [Coughing] [Cheers and applause] Are you okay? I got blunted. I did it. I got it. Ohhhhhhh! - ♪ Oh, I got blunted, I got blunted ♪ - Amazing! You've been blunted. [Cheers and applause] Nice! Nice! All right, so look, everybody, Emily took a little piece of our hearts. When we come back, Anne is gonna try to a big piece of Emily. Round 2 continues in the most insane competition on TV... "Lip Sync Battle". ♪ Yeah, take it ♪ It's on and poppin', y'all. ♪ Take another little piece of my heart now, baby ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ Welcome back to "Lip Sync Battle". The girl fight of the century... Anne Hathaway versus Emily Blunt. This is round 2 where it's all on the line. Our contenders are bringing out the big guns and all kinds of tricks for a last shot at the belt. Let's see how Anne got ready for her do-or-die performance. Something dark going on. Nobody had seen her, then I heard this, like, weird kind of humming or something coming out of her dressing room. I accidentally walked into her wardrobe room, and there were, like, cloaks. Anne has a very, very secretive process. You look really pretty, by the way, like gorgeous. She doesn't want anybody to know what she's doing. I called her once, and she just picked up and went "shhhh". I haven't heard anything but chanting. Finally, she called me, she said, "okay, listen, I'm doing Beethoven's fifth." And I went, "there aren't any words in that." And she hung up. I think they're friends. I'm not sure, though. Emily's performance? So good. Like, literally, I loved it. You got to watch that one. You know what I mean? - [Pop!] - Is that from Hathaway? Yes, I did make the doll for Emily. She's so just beautiful, and she has the most amazing body and, like, that's what friendship is built on, right... just being happy for her. [Cheers and applause] [Intro plays] ♪ We clawed, we chained our hearts in vain ♪ ♪ we jumped, never asking why ♪ ♪ we kissed, I fell under your spell ♪ ♪ a love no one could deny ♪ ♪ don't you ever say I just walked away ♪ ♪ I will always want you ♪ - Oh, man... - ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ all I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ all you ever did was wre-e-e-ck me ♪ ♪ yeah, you, you wre-e-e-ck me ♪ ♪ I never meant to start a war ♪ ♪ I just wanted you to let me in ♪ ♪ and instead of using force ♪ ♪ I guess I should've let you win ♪ ♪ I never meant to start a war ♪ ♪ I just wanted you to let me in ♪ ♪ I guess I should've let you win ♪ ♪ don't you ever say I just walked away ♪ ♪ I will always want you ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ all I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ all you ever did was wre-e-e-ck me ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung ♪ ♪ left me crashing in a blazing fall ♪ ♪ all you ever did was wre-e-e-ck me ♪ ♪ yeah, you, you wreck me ♪ [cheers and applause] - Emily: No! - LL Cool J: Wow! [Crowd chants "Hathaway"] I know! [Chant continues] So, so, I mean, that performance actually had balls. Got to say, guys, come on, that was just all Miley. - How much do we love Miley? - Much love to Miley Cyrus. You think you wrecked it? I mean, what do you think? What do you think just happened? Um, I think that the audience was amazing. [Cheers and applause] - Did I wreck it? - Yeah. I don't know. I think we're gonna just have to find out. But got a lot of love for the hippie over there. - Got a lot of love for the hippie. - No. All right, so, what's harder... Emily: I have to say, I have to say, this hippie's balls just got wrecked. [Laughs] Like, annihilated. Like, they're dust. - Amazing... [Laughter] - What's harder... lip syncing, riding the wrecking ball, or winning an Oscar? [Cheers and applause] Only one of them feels natural... [Laughs] And it's the freakin' wrecking ball. [Laughter] Whoa! There you go! Anne, have a seat, relax. [Sighs] Get some rest in the V.I.P. Oh, I love it, I love it, I love it. All right, well, the besties have battled all night, but who walks out of here champion? Two girls, one belt... find out when "LSB" returns. ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ Everybody says it's just like rock 'n' roll ♪ Welcome back. It's the moment of truth! Emily and Anne went lip to lip in battle, but only of them can be the L.S.B. champion. Emily dug deep and channeled her inner rock goddess... Janis Joplin. [Cheers and applause] Anne got on a wrecking ball and tore this place apart. [Cheers and applause] Who's gonna add this badass Lip Sync belt to their wardrobe tonight? Chrissy, are you ready? - I'm so ready. - Come on over, Chris. Here we go. Here we go. Okay, you're the judge and jury. Is it Anne? [Cheers and applause] Or is it Emily? [Cheers and applause] All right. The winner and "Lip Sync Battle" champion... Anne Hathaway! [Cheers and applause] Thank you to Anne and Emily for going all in. Shout out to the fans watching at home, all the millions watching online. And on behalf of me and Chrissy, keep on syncing in the free world. Ladies and gentlemen, knock 'em out the box, L. Knock them out, L. ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ I never hit so hard in love ♪ ♪ all I wanted was to break your walls ♪ ♪ all you ever did was wre-e-e-ck me ♪ ♪ I came in like a wrecking ball ♪ ♪ yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung ♪ We love you! "Lip Sync Battle" loves you. ♪ All you ever did was wre-e-eck me ♪ ♪ yeah, you, you wre-e... ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 