Narcos: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Narcos 
 s1e7 - You Will Cry Tears of Blood - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Narcos (2015–2017): Season 1, Episode 7 - You Will Cry Tears of Blood - full transcript 
 Pablo goes into hiding as the political tide turns against him, but he finds a way to strike back. Murphy and Peña finally get the CIA to help them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is one of the largest and most mysterious plane crashes in Colombian history. It may have been a bomb that blew up a plane in Colombia today. The Boeing 727 of Avianca Airlines... In his unsuccessful attempt to assassinate presidential candidate C?sar Gaviria, Pablo Escobar murdered 107 innocent people. The "Paisa Robin Hood"... had become a terrorist. But American intelligence authorities say the drug bosses in Colombia have to be considered prime suspects. You know where Jaime is? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, sir. I don't know where he is. He left home and hasn't returned. - Have Pablo and his men come by here? - No. - Your name is Natalie? - Yes, sir. Natalie, your boyfriend, Jaime, was he with Pablo's sicarios? - No. - Are you sure? Yes, sir. Well, then, why do you have this picture of Pablo in your house? Nothing wrong with that. Everyone in the comuna has one. You think those thugs are going to protect you? You don't understand... that you represent a big problem for them. We can help you. We can protect you. But you have to tell us the truth. She's lying. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's got this poor sucker to carry a bomb without him even knowing it. - Well, maybe he knew. - I don't care if he knew or not. It's time we put a bullet in Escobar. I don't want to leave, my love. I don't want to leave. But I must, for all our safety. Did you do something wrong? Your dad did nothing wrong. These are people who are jealous of us, who are trying to take what we have. You have to be strong. I want you to be strong. You have to be strong and never show weakness. I promise I'll never be weak. And watch out for your sister. I love you very much. I love you all very much. - Mama. - Pablo? - Do not spoil this boy. - But... what do you mean? - Watch her. - Just a few sweets and some pork rinds. Be careful, son. Be careful. - I love you. - Me, too. Take care. And what about you? Come on. I'm going to take you with me. I'm going to take you with me... I'm going to take you with me. Take care. You think he did it? Surely not. Blow up that plane? Of course he did it, Hermilda. But he had his reasons. We've got everyone looking for Jaime's wife throughout the comunas. I want you to find her and kill her. And kill any motherfucker that can connect me with that fucking plane. Yes, sir. Sync and corrected by Elderfel www.addic7ed.com ...the functions of President of Colombia? I swear. The Avianca bombing created a tidal wave of support for C?sar Gaviria. He became the 28th President of Colombia by a landslide. Well, C?sar, congratulations. Not C?sar... I mean, Mr. President. Salud. - Salud. - Salud. Excuse us. - As a former president to a new one... - Mm-hm? ...what advice would you give? Well... you'll be asked to make many difficult decisions. I would say one thing... do what your wife says. I always do. Trust your instincts, and be confident in your decisions. Yes... but that's easier said than done. You'll never be able to please everyone, so find the solution that rings true in your heart. Thank you. Another thing I did want to tell you, about the Americans-- What about the Americans? This will have to be off the record, my dear. I can't have my opinions broadcast on your television show. No, no, no. You have my word. - The Americans... - Yes? Be careful. We killed Jos? Rodr?guez Gacha with a minimal loss of life. Bringing Escobar to justice is my number one priority. But we will do so on our own terms and own resources. We wanna help you catch Escobar. I have enormous gratitude to you, especially with Agent Murphy, whose warnings kept me off that plane. You, sir, yes. Unfortunately, not the rest of the passengers. The people in Colombia are horrified about the bombing of Avianca's plane. But they're also against American soldiers on our soil and spy planes intercepting calls, so-- America doesn't intercept civilian phone calls. That's absurd. Presidente, you need additional resources to get this man. Well... your government's research says... 660 tons of cocaine were consumed in the United States last year. Perhaps if your resources were focused at home, we'd all be better off. Gaviria made good on his promise to go after Escobar. Colonel Carrillo's Search Bloc was set loose with a vengeance. Carrillo mounted dozens of raids. But with an army of informants, Escobar somehow always got away. We sat on the sidelines, hands tied by bureaucracy. In response, Pablo took his narco-terrorism to a whole new level with a bombing campaign that would shake the country to its foundations. In doing his best to avoid war, that's exactly what Gaviria got. And the toll on both sides was devastating. The thing about war is... it's just bad for business. And when you got a bull's-eye on your back... your rivals get bold. - Pablo. - What's up, Pacho? That's right. Pablo and the Medell?n cartel weren't the only game in town. Thank you. This is Helmer "Pacho" Herrera, one of the four leaders of the Cali cartel. While Pablo left a trail of bodies and chaos in his wake, Cali made problems disappear with an army of lawyers and a mountain of legal briefs. The Medell?n cartel was Miami: swimming pools, bikini girls... tacky as a two-tone Cadillac. The Cali cartel was New York: elegant, smooth, subtle. Where they could fuel the 24-hour nightlife with cocaine, and still make sure everybody showed up for work on Wall Street the next morning. At first, Medell?n and Cali worked side by side. But in Colombia, when money's involved, blood inevitably flows. There had been violence between Medell?n and Cali before. But right now, a war on two fronts was not something Pablo could afford. We have Miami... and have left you alone in New York. - Yes, for a price. - Certainly. Look, Pacho, we agreed that we would share the Los Angeles territory... and that hasn't been happening. It seems you are not holding up our agreement. - How's that? - Exactly what I'm saying, Pacho. Look, Pablo... you know that our partners sometimes operate independently. If Mr. Galeano and Mr. Moncada are correct, then you have my assurance that it will be rectified. Thanks a lot, Pacho. Disputes between us cause needless bloodshed. Then fix it. A war between our groups is the last thing we need right now. It would seem you already have a war. Maybe bombing that plane was a step too far. Careful, Pacho. Careful. The only difference between us is our little misunderstanding with the government. And that will be resolved soon. Besides, that's the business, for all of us. - Yes, it's true for all of us. - Mm-hm. The only war we are really fighting is the war against extradition. And the outcome of that is something we're all interested in. It's true, Gustavo. Gustavo is right. We have a common goal, and that is to get rid of extradition. The United States is big enough for all of us to operate in. Let's figure out Los Angeles once you take care of your business here. You know what bothers me? Your arrogance. Your attitude, your air of superiority. Careful, Pacho... that you don't get yourself killed for that. Thank you for coming. - I'm gonna kill that homo bastard. - Pablo, let me kill him. Stop talking shit, Moncada. We'll kill that fag later. Right now, we can't be out in the open. If that son of a bitch starts selling shit in Los Angeles, I'm personally gonna put a gun up his ass and pull the trigger. I swear. That will make him fall in love with you. We got Escobar's most trusted soldiers: Poison, La Quica, Sure Shot, Blackie. Cocky, careless motherfuckers. Now we're hearing about two new guys: Fernando Galeano and Kiko Moncada, basically picking up where Carlos Lehder left off. Kill the body, the head will die. Without Colombian permission to put assets in the air, we can't help. In terms of intercepts, yeah, but what do you guys got on ground intel? - You mean spies? - Yes. We don't have any narco assets. Our human intelligence is limited to communists. Besides, Gaviria doesn't want you chasing Escobar with CIA spies. But you got satellites in the sky, right? Yes, but to use them in pursuit of narcos would be a direct violation - of the order of our host country. - Man, you're CIA. You break rules all the time. These are aerial photographs of comunas controlled by Escobar and his associates. - We'll use them to track his men. - These are aerials. - We can't track individuals with these. - Take a look. The Los Priscos gang controls El Poblado. Here in Santa Cruz, we got the comuna where they recruited the Avianca bomber. And both places more densely packed than a Marrakesh bazaar. So let's take a tip from the Colombians. You notice anything special about these? Search Bloc follows vehicle traffic in the comunas. You've got... Japanese imports... four-by-fours. Cars over 40 grand. Narcos are the only ones who can afford these cars. Whenever aerials see these cars, we know sicarios are inside. - That's right. - We start tracking these rice rockets, we might be able to get to Escobar. I think it's up this way. I don't want to shoot her. Kill that cute girl? And the baby, too? I don't know why the boss wants us to kill that girl. - What does she know about Avianca anyway? - Just shut up and follow orders! Does he think putting a bomb on every corner is gonna get the police to quit chasing him? Gustavo, we need to get away, out of this country. And go where? We'll be treated like criminals wherever we go. They'll kill him, and you know it. I just hope he doesn't take you down with him. This isn't our war. This isn't war. It's negotiation. Don't you understand what an opportunity this is? He's willing to consider terms of surrender-- Under what conditions? My God, he just blew up a plane! Eduardo, calm down. Let the man speak. We can end this violence with dignity. It's good for both sides-- Do you realize how stupid you sound right now? C?sar, this is absurd. - Eduardo, please-- - This is a farce. Please. Let me deal with this. Please. Fine. Whatever you want. We can at least begin a discussion, right? Even though you never stated it, surely you'd like to see the bombings stop. - Yes. Yes, I would. - Exactly. So if we begin a dialogue, they will cease. That affords us all some time, including the Search Bloc. Fernando... you saw his money, and it blinded you to his soul. That son of a bitch has no soul. If telling him we're negotiating allows the bombs to stop while we find him... then be my guest. Thank you. Really, thank you. Look, man, Pablo's turned into a saint. Of course. He sends people straight to heaven. She's not here. She might have just left. Let's search the comuna. Look, Poison, I'm telling you Pablo is being paranoid. Careful what you say, son. One day, he is going to ask me to kill you. Would you do it? If he asks me... of course. There is no way around it. Wouldn't you? All right, all right, let's just go find this girl. We'll look around and see where she's hiding. What's wrong? Here you go. It's OK, Natalie. Don't worry. Before you know it, we'll get you some food. Right? Isn't that right? Thank you. What then, Fernando? Has the Colombian government offered a truce? The government hasn't been willing to offer anything I would consider acceptable. What did they offer? They want you to admit... that you're responsible for Avianca. And of course, I told them that-- That we can't even-- Is it that you're not negotiating a thing? No, no, of course I'm negotiating-- Then why is Carrillo stopping every car in the comunas and killing my boys with the help of the gringos?! Why are the Americans helping them if we are supposed to be negotiating, Fernando? Gaviria doesn't want the gringos to know he's willing to negotiate with you. That's it. Be very careful, Fernando. Yes, Pablo. Yes. You've got to stop the bombing, Pablo. I don't know what you're thinking anymore. I think we should... reorganize a bit... and start sending our boys out to burn some houses down and do some damage to politicians and senators all over the country. And to the soldiers and cops in our way, the judges who annoy us and the reporters that watch us, basically, we have to create a presence so disruptive they'll want nothing but peace. That's the only way we're going to get there. Is that it? Is that what you want? A civil war? - You've gone crazy, asshole. - We have to fight, brother. Let's put our hearts into this. And if we all must die, so be it. Well, yes... The thing is, I don't want to die yet, Pablo. Nor do I. But the bombs make the public want peace. And that will influence the politicians. You're the one who says the politicians don't give a shit about the public. If you want to influence politicians, you'll have to narrow your focus. You know what I mean? Gustavo was right. They needed a new strategy, one that brought terror directly to the people that mattered the most. What about her? No, she is way too much of a princess. Surely we would have problems with her. My God, look at that face. The media is going to love that fox, right? Sure they will, but so will our boys. Just think what they're gonna do to her. Well... I say let's start with her... ...and this fag. Let's go! And this cute couple. When you kill someone, you lose all your leverage the moment they're dead. Now, you take someone's children away from them, you'd be amazed what they'd do to get them back. Family members of the most influential people in the country have been kidnapped on the very streets they call home. What does Pablo Escobar want? I'll see you tomorrow on the same channel for a special report. Is everything all right? All the victims are my friends. Excuse me. The kidnapping of Francisco Santos, the editor in chief of the most important newspaper in the nation, is the latest and most shocking in a string of kidnappings orchestrated by the Medell?n cartel. Reporting to you, I'm Valeria Velez. - All right. - First on the scene, right? As always. Maybe if you actually had to work for a living, you'd be hungry enough to get here first. I found out from Santos' wife... a half hour after he didn't show up for dinner. You? Who tipped you off? It's a pleasure to see you, as always. These are Pablo's conditions for the release of the hostages. You've read them, you can see they're very reasonable. "Very reasonable," he says. You are definitely an imbecile, Fernando. And I'm going to tell you something. You will get what you deserve very soon, I assure you. I'm also one of those hostages. I myself could be walking around calmly... but like them, I am not free. Escobar is asking us to surrender, but that will never happen. If he releases the hostages and turns himself in, we will take this into account. Gaviria isn't going to bend. Then I'm going to break him. You, get up from there. The body of Ofelia Hernandez was found dumped next to the Presidential Palace. One must admire President Gaviria. I'm sure it can't be easy for him to stand by his decision to not negotiate with Escobar. What's the plan? A few more hostages and they will give in. Their time is running out. I'm talking about us. What about us, Valeria? I don't have time for that pussy shit right now. Colombia's sweetheart. You know the only reason this hag has any fame is because her father was president. I despise her. And why do you care so much? Your ratings are through the roof, right? Hers are higher. Open the door, quick! Move! Let's go! Hurry up! Where am I? Hello! Tell me where I am. Does my family know I'm alive? How would I know? Who are you? You work for Escobar? You can call me Gorilla. Gorilla. Very well... Gorilla. Where's my crew? Did you bring them here as well? I'm here to guard you. That's it. Ladies and gentlemen, excuse me. We understand the frustration and pain you must be feeling for your children, but believe me, we are doing everything we can to make sure your children get home soon. Our daughter was kidnapped on her way to an interview. They killed the bodyguard. No one is safe. As a former president, I understand the terrible position you're in. But we're here to find a solution. I understand your frustration, Dr. Turbay. But if we give in now, any criminal can hold our government hostage. This isn't "any criminal." This is the worst criminal in the world. - And he is laughing at all of us. - Mr. President, you're proceeding as you must, but we must act as the parents of our children. Let's pray you find a solution. A good president can stand up to external pressure. It's the internal pressure that can wear you down. We knew the clock was ticking before Gaviria had to cave in to Escobar... but hopefully not before our unauthorized operation struck gold. Catching a top sicario could be the break we needed in leading us to Pablo. Here. We'd continue to join in an "observational capacity." Hands up! Up! Why are you driving this car? I don't know. Someone paid me 50,000 pesos to drive it around the city. The sicarios had figured out we were tracking their rides. So they traded down to junkers to avoid our eye in the sky. But we weren't the only ones that had Pablo in the gun sights. Pablo came to see me. Why? He wants to settle the dispute we have in the US. The Los Angeles problems. He has bigger issues than that right now. He'll make a deal with the government. He's managed to secure some very effective bargaining chips. Of course, he'll look after you guys, right? We haven't talked to Pablo in weeks. He's in hiding. Look at that. What a beautiful animal, Jorge. You like it? Yes, of course. I'm sure he'll look after you. After all, you're partners. Yes, of course. Partners. You could always have your sister put in a good word with Gustavo. What do you mean? Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you knew. It could be gossip. You know how people like to talk. You should eat, because you're going to be here a while. You're going to get very hungry. I don't feel well. What's wrong? Are you sick? I can get you some medicine. It's not that kind of illness. I want to congratulate you. I know you're a very good reporter. Thank you. Gorilla, how long have you been working for Escobar? Oh, it's been a while. So you know what's going on out there, don't you? The truth is, I don't go out, so I have no idea what's happening. What the fuck are you doing, Gorilla? Why isn't she wearing the blindfold? I didn't know you were coming. Put it on, man! We have to take her. Put that on. - Says who? - Didn't I tell you to stay quiet? Just put it on. Pleasure to finally meet you, Ms. Turbay. Sit down, please. I suppose you want me to interview you? No, even better. I'm going to interview you. So you can tell the world about the humane treatment you've received here. Don't you want your parents to know you're well? That you're alive? I don't want to become a piece of propaganda for you. Who do you think you are? So what's necessary, miss, to have your cooperation? Let one of the hostages go. You and I know that I'm the one you really want. You see? Two reasonable people coming to an agreement. Maybe we can convince President Gaviria to do the same. Right? Mr. Escobar has shown a willingness to negotiate. This afternoon, he let one of the hostages go. President Gaviria... I ask you to at least consider discussions with Mr. Escobar. I don't understand. I thought you said he wouldn't bend, but now he's let one go. Because he has your daughter. And she's worth more to him than the rest of them combined. If you knew all I know, you'd understand it's nothing more than a stunt. Give him what he wants. What he wants is an insult to us and to this country. I don't care. I want my child! What I believe my wife is trying to say is, we'd like you to make a deal with Escobar. If you refuse, we'll have to take certain measures. Financially, by robbing you of donors... and politically, by robbing you of whatever support your legislative agenda needs. Are you threatening me? We all use the tools at our disposal. You as a politician, me as a father. I'm sorry. Doctor... you told me to follow my instincts... and they tell me not to give in to this criminal. That was before they took my daughter. I came over as quickly as I could. I was told you needed me urgently. What's up? You OK? Tell Fernando... I'm willing to open negotiations. We'll make a counter to Escobar's demands. I thought you weren't going to negotiate. I have to stop this madness, Eduardo. But God willing, we can catch him first. Tell the Americans they can put their planes in the air. And there it was. Negotiate with a terrorist while trying to catch him at the same time. Hammer, we have calls originating in Comuna 3, Manrique, from known sicario satellite phones. Do you have a location? What? Yes, we're here in Campo Vald?s. Campo Vald?s. That's in the central eastern area, bordered by the Comuna Popular. Roger that. Campo Vald?s. Going into the comunas without Colombian backup, that's about the most dangerous thing you can do. We're gonna score a quick goal and then come back out. All right, all right. All right. That's how bad we wanted to catch these guys. Don't kill me, please! I swear I didn't hear anything! I'm not going to say anything! Please, don't kill me. - I'm not-- - Hey! Hey! - Please, don't kill me! - What? I'm begging you, please... You could have at least waited till I got her off me. Look at me now! Huh? You got blood all over my new shoes. I don't give a shit about your shoes. Stop bitching. I'm not. What about her? Put a bullet in her. What? The baby's not a witness, man. I don't give a shit. - Pablo told us to kill everyone. - Yeah, but it's a baby. She won't say shit in court. If she grows up and talks? Really? Do you remember what your mom told you when you were two? Why is it so fucking difficult for you to follow Pablo's orders? Huh? Drop the gun. Now! You're under arrest, you son of a bitch. Let him go! Let him go! - Put the gun down. - You put yours down. I don't want to have to kill you. I will. Fuck. Fuck! Hey. Hey... So those fags want to sit and negotiate. Well... we have to spend some time in jail, right? So what the fuck. You won, Pablo. They gave in. But that faggot president has yet to accept our most important demand before we turn ourselves in. Which demand is that? It's been a while since we've been up here, right? Yeah. We used to come up here with our girlfriends and smoke a joint. What does that have to do with anything? I know every centimeter of these mountains. From here, we can see anything coming. And we have enough space to build whatever we want. We're going to design it... we're going to build it... and we will be protected from all our enemies. - You want to build a jail? - Not a jail, cousin. A castle. Sync and corrected by Elderfel www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 