Narcos: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Narcos 
 s1e5 - There Will Be a Future - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Narcos (2015–2017): Season 1, Episode 5 - There Will Be a Future - full transcript 
 Pablo's extreme methods put the narcos on the brink of war with Carillo and the government. Peña tries to protect his witness. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Beloved countrymen, the New Liberalism party is the only force in Colombia that is not afraid of narcotraffickers. "There are three ways the narcotraffickers... - try to weaken extradition." - ...try to weaken extradition. - "Bribery..." - Bribery... "...intimidation through violence..." ...intimidation through violence... - "...and extortion." - ...and extortion! - "A dark and terrible scourge." - A dark and terrible scourge. What are you doing? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Just making sure he gets it right. You wrote it, you should know. - Mm. - Look, I brought you this. What's this? Clean socks. Your wife dropped them off before we left. How's Galán doing? All right. I wish he didn't focus so much on extradition of narcos. There are other things to mention. Galán's got some balls. Brave men have a way of dying quickly. Well, then, you don't have to worry... do you? Aah... Pass me the socks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sync and corrections by explosiveskull www.addic7ed.com First thing is that we get you out of Bogotá. - OK. - There's an orphanage in Cumaral. It's out of the guerrilla zone and away from the narcos. And then what? We get you a passport. From another country, we can depose you about Escobar and the siege. You may have run away from your country, but I'm not running away from mine. This is about keeping you alive. Do you sleep with all your informants? I'm not your responsibility. If Pablo Escobar finds you... he'll kill you in a heartbeat. Not if I kill him first. Yeah, she's a live hand grenade. She's the only witness we got that can tie Escobar to the palace massacre. Hard to bring her in when she gets turned over to the Colombians and she gets disappeared. Are you ready for that? No. So what's our options, since we have none? Well, we keep her in hiding until things cool down, and get her immunity in exchange for her testimony... Are you gonna get us immunity? We are going to jail if we get caught with this woman. Well, the next time your wife decides to bring home a human hand grenade, how about she hands it to you? Are you fucking her? Sleep with a communist? That would be downright un-American. Any intel to support the DEA theory that Escobar is behind the Palace of Justice siege? No, ma'am. Agent Peña claims to have an informant that can testify to that effect, but he hasn't brought him forward. In my book, there's only two of them that know that. And one of them is Elisa Alvaro, girlfriend of Alejandro Ayala. The other one is Ernesto Sobrino, a radical priest who gave shelter to M-19 fugitives in Los Altos comuna. Is one of these people your informant? Ambassador, this is... unofficial wiretap information. We, uh, intercepted a discussion between narcos. What? Which narcos? - Sounded like Pablo Escobar. - We're almost certain. It was, uh... It was hard to tell. The... connection was bad. They were calling from Panama. - Panama? - They know Galán's gonna win and they know that he'll support extradition, and they're not gonna sit around and await being sent back to the US. Ambassador, word is Manuel Noriega is providing safe harbor for the narcos, and possibly shipping points for their cocaine. They're moving their drug operations to Panama? That's horseshit, Peña. Excuse me, Ambassador. On one hand, you're saying Escobar's in bed with left-wing communists. Now you're saying he's in bed with Manuel Noriega. You can't have it both ways, son. Ambassador, Manuel Noriega has helped us fight communism all over Latin America for the last two decades. I take great offense at any attempt by the DEA to smear his good name. I couldn't help but laugh. Right wing, left wing... For Manuel Noriega, it was all about the money. When Bush was head of the CIA, Noriega pretended to be a commie hater so the US would ignore the fact that he was heavily involved as a drug trafficker. When Noriega realized he could make even more money shipping his drugs by siding with communists, he switched teams. So, we invaded Panama, and arrested "Old Pineapple Face." But, that was later. For now, the trusted friend and ally was a right-wing CIA asset who was taking money from Bush... and right from the narcos. Pablo had knocked off half the Colombian Supreme Court to fight extradition. And now, he was offering to pay off Colombia's national debt in exchange for a truce. Guess he missed home. Look at this shit. We are spending millions of dollars, and can't even get a decent meal anywhere. Listen, the problem isn't the food, the problem is Noriega. First chance he gets, he'll sell us to the Americans. You guys stay calm. Once we reach an agreement with the government, we'll be back in our homeland. Pay the Colombian national debt for amnesty? I'd rather go live in Spain. I say we go back and fight. No, sir, none of that. War is bad for business. We will negotiate with them as Pablo agreed. Look, Gustavo, none of this would've happened if he hadn't started killing politicians and judges. Tell me what we are supposed to do, then. Do you want to sit here and cry over spilled milk? You know something, Pablo? Sometimes, I think you kill these men because they won't let you in their club. You better watch your mouth, asshole. The Colombian government has refused our amnesty offer. Get used to the food, gentlemen. It's not safe to go back home. They've rejected our amnesty deal. We may have to stay. I hate this place. We can go someplace else. I hear Switzerland is very beautiful. In Switzerland, we are nobody, Pablo. What good is having all the money in the world if you can't go home? If we go back... I'm going to have to fight. Do whatever is necessary, my love. So, there it was. The decision that would change Colombia forever. You're way ahead in the polls. In my opinion, the outcome is decided. My question is... why do you keep getting involved with the narcos? I want a country at peace. And if I don't do it, who will? You're backing them into a corner. I'm wearing a vest. I'm afraid that a bulletproof vest... isn't enough to ensure that you have a future. Don't worry, my friend. There will be a future. Luis Carlos Galán took the stage in Soacha on August 18th, against the advice of his campaign manager, César Gaviria. The bullets entered just below his vest and he was dead within minutes. For a brief shining moment, there was hope... extinguished by the pull of an assassin's trigger. To mourn Galán's death, every hut in the countryside lit a candle in remembrance... and in the cities, thousands took to the streets in a march of the silent, a mute protest against the violence of the narcos. With Galán's murder... came the end of hope for a peaceful future. Let's speak clearly, brother. Galán's dead. You had him killed, didn't you? You didn't tell us shit, and you killed him, you son of a bitch. - I want to go home, Fabio. - Home? Why are we going home? So they can capture us? All this shit you talk about partnership, and then you do this on your own? Huh? Galán was the only threat. There is no one left to challenge us. And you know why, Fabio. Because no one has the balls that we have. Going home. Pablo was right. Who would have the balls to fill Galán's shoes? ...that unique honesty. As the people now rise and call for justice, I pray to God that this sacrifice will serve at last... as motivation for society to react and bond... to support the government... and institutions... while also demanding a more effective leadership, one undeterred by the hitmen, the hijackings, or any other manifestations of violence. My father, Luis Carlos Galán, will be remembered for awakening the Colombian people to the danger of the narcos. The assassin's bullets... will not stop what my father began. As he fell, another rises in his place. I want to tell Dr. César Gaviria... in the name of the people of Colombia, and my family... that we entrust my father's ideals to him, and that he can count on our support... to become the president Colombia wants and needs. Dr. César Gaviria, save Colombia! Gaviria! Gaviria! Gaviria! Dr. César Gaviria... the new hope of Colombia. If he took Galán's position on extradition, the narcos would declare war. If he didn't, the country would become a narco state. Phone! Let it go to the answering machine. The machine's full. I wish it would stop ringing. It's your friends. They're calling to offer support. Or opinions about what I should do. Why can't you run without backing extradition? - I wrote those speeches. - Yes... but do you even believe in them? I don't know what I believe. I don't want the narcos having free reign. But I don't want the United States involved in our affairs. So say nothing. That's the best way to stay alive. Gentlemen. Fernando, cheer up. Have a drink. We're going home! - How are you? Hm? - Fine, my love. What about you? Give me one. Margarita, right? Let's see. - Son of a bitch, that's good. - Right? Thank you. Listen, I've got a question for you. Why are we going back? We're walking into a world of shit. Relax, brother. Spain's too far away to protect our interests. We have a better chance of influencing Pablo at home. We need to be close by. Relax. Don't you get it? He's only comfortable at war. He's taking us to the slaughter. How's business? Fucking Noriega is charging us a fortune, but we got 175 tons to Miami. Gacha's Mexican routes are opening up Los Angeles. But do you know what matters most for our business, Pablo? That the situation at home stays calm. Know what I mean? Sure. You should have consulted with me about Galán. You would have tried to talk me out of it. Yes. I would have tried. The amount of money we are losing is because of that bullshit. Are you listening? Look at those peaks, Gustavo. I'll die... before I ever leave Colombia again. What's happening, Carrillo? Thank you for coming. I understand the narcos are back from Panama. So you practice your English with me? Because these men aren't cleared, and if we speak Spanish, it could get back to Pablo. So I started this to monitor Pablo's sicarios' communications. SAT phones, landlines, you name it. I've got dozens of wiretaps, but I've only managed to seize about ten kilos in the last month. Probably because I've listened to my own men tipping the narcos off. So I've had to start surveilling them. I listen to them tell their girlfriends they're afraid... cry to their mothers when one of our men gets shot down. But every once in a while... I hear them trade secrets with Pablo. Do your bosses know you're doing this? I trust them even less. Most of my men are from here, where they can get to your mother, your aunt, your cousin. How do I fight... when my soldiers are already working for Escobar? Well, do they have to be from Medellín? Yes. I definitely like the red one best. - Really? - Mm. I prefer the gray. Red is the color of the party, and it makes you more... sociable and close to the people. - That's important. - Mm. I wonder what Luis Carlos would have chosen? You know, we should also hire an image consultant. We have to make you more appealing to the youth, give you a more modern look. Now you are going to give me image advice? I'm just thinking about the polls. Anyway... Galán had professionals at his side, but which could he trust? Hm? And you know perfectly well that you can trust me, right? Mm-hm. Well, what are you going to choose, red or gray? Luis Carlos said something to me before he died. "There will be a future." Now let's see what kind of future it is. We worked together in the ministry. The idea that he's a presidential candidate shows you our sad state of affairs. I need to know which side he is on. He speaks with the Foreign Press next week. They'll certainly ask his position. Don't worry, Pablo. He'll be easy to influence. - No, I disagree. - Why? I did an interview with him once, when he was an economic advisor. I found him sitting in the parking lot in his beat-up Renault, eating a bag of apples... and reading economic reform textbooks. He was testifying to the cabinet and wanted to be ready. He's a bookworm, not a leader. - No... No... - No, no, no, you're missing my point. - No. - He's not an oligarch. He's from modest circumstances. Like you, he's worked for everything he has. You have to be careful with people like that. I want you to deliver a message. We've made a lot of money. What we have to decide is do we stick with Pablo... or chart our own course? We should talk to our friends down south. No, no. It's not time. No. Mm? Whatever you say. Have you seen Marina? She told me she was going to buy a new brush. You know your sister. Her shopping expeditions take weeks. You have no idea how much I wanted to go down on you in Panama. - Yeah? - Yeah. I could tell that you really wanted to. - Come here, baby. - You are very patient. Yes, of course. All your people were there, your brothers... My brothers are driving me crazy. - You know what? - What? They can go fuck themselves. If they want to, they can go live in Spain... ...but you're staying here with me. Let's not hide anymore. Not anymore. All right. What do we do about my wife? Ask Pablo to do us a favor. Just like he took care of Galán, he can take care of your wife. You... are very evil for such a young girl. You've moved up, Fernando. From government minister to Pablo Escobar's errand boy. I guess the pay is much better. I'm not doing this for the money. What country sends its own citizens to an iron tomb in the United States? I understand your dilemma. Speak out in favor, you're seen as a US puppet and you might not win the election. Speak out against, you anger the US... and are criticized by our media as a shill of the narcos. César, I was thinking I would love to dedicate a program for your campaign. It would be an honor for me, and would benefit us both. What a great idea. You guys are really shameless, aren't you? - How do you sleep at night? - César, it doesn't have to be this way. If Luis had been as smart as you, perhaps we could have avoided this horrible tragedy. We could have had peace. Easy. Get out. Read Pablo's letter. Maybe you will have a future. They just picked up that commie priest, Father Sobrino. He's gonna talk. And when he does, I hope you DEA boys understand what's important in this hemisphere. Well, how about you, uh... clue us in? Drug dealers, I mean, bad as they are, they want your money. Communists want everything. I don't know about you, Peña, but I... I like to own shit. Right. Good talk, Lou. - Very, uh... enlightening. - Yeah. Oh... This... priest? If it comes out that he was your informant and you protected him... I'm gonna make sure you're tried for treason. Peña had to figure out how to get fake papers for Elisa. So he did what he does best. Let me guess: it's a very sad and complicated situation involving you and a beautiful local. You got your nails done. It's... It's your color, Colleen. - What do you want, Javier? - It's simple. I just need your signature... right there. You want me to create an embassy ID? - Who is this woman? - What I want you to do is sidestep a little bullshit bureaucracy and help someone stay alive. You really think I'd be asking you if it wasn't important? She's my informant. And she could be the key to bringing down the whole Medellín cartel, so come on, Colleen, whose side are you on? Cousin, what happened? Where were you? - In the office. - In the office? Yes. Is that where you were? That's weird... because I called and they said you hadn't been in all day. I don't know which office you called, but I was there. They're seizing everything, Pablo. All the accounts... We knew there would be a reaction with Galán, right? Yeah. Relax, Gustavo. Relax, because everything will calm down later. What are you gonna do? Are you gonna kill us both? - You afraid to die? - No. Are you? - Put it out. - Where were you? Put it out, Pablo. Put it out, Pablo! Are you with me or what? And when have I not been with you? From the beginning, it has been you and me. I cannot do this without you. Are you doubting my loyalty, Pablo? No. But I'm having serious doubts about the Ochoas. Gaviria read Pablo's letter. The terms were simple. He promised peace if the narcos were left alone... and if not... he promised all-out war. Carrillo with his wiretaps knew a storm was on the horizon. Pablo became his duty and his obsession. He came to recognize Pablo's voice, his sleep patterns, what he liked to eat, his tastes in art, his love of silk sheets, and his favorite music. He would die for the love of his wife when you'd hear him over the airwaves. But did she know how easily he ordered his men to kill? He came to understand that Pablo spoke in code. Time to thin the herd. "Cattle" were judges or politicians who supported extradition. But did we score a goal? The reporter, right. Let's make sure we score a goal on him as well. A "goal" was a targeted assassination. Come on, come on. If you spoke out against him, you were dead. - The list grew by the week. - Ooh! Guillermo Cano, editor of El Espectador, and his reporter, Luis Camacho. Jaime Rodríguez, the former head of the anti-drug squad before Carrillo. The drumbeat went on and on. For Carrillo, the war had already started. But he just couldn't trust his army. You are aware that I can end your military career? - I don't give a fuck. - Excuse me? Horacio... don't give up. You've always been the leader of the persecution of Pablo Escobar. Is this how you show your appreciation for all we've done? This operation could be a failure before it starts. I'm not here for fun. What's gonna happen is the defense minister will give you credit for the evidence that we found at Hacienda Nápoles. So... then if you resign, I will look really bad. Is that what you're doing? Is that what you want? Horacio... you remember when were cadets, we never thought they would call us to lead the country's most important unit. Horacio, as your friend... I'm asking you to think about it. Rodrigo, I don't even know who Pablo pays. It could be any of us three. - Horacio, please. - I've put my family at risk. If there is going to be a war, I need the right tools. All right. Perfect. Then tell me what you need. Hm? Incorruptible men. And that's how the Search Bloc came to be. But Carrillo wasn't the only one recruiting soldiers. Hey, punk. Are you all right? - Sure. - Come here. La Quica and Poison had kids deliver packages. And if they didn't look inside, it meant they could be trusted to deliver anything from cocaine to... well, anything else. How are you, son? - How are you? - Good. I have to kill that son of a bitch. Carrillo's a cop. You can always buy a cop with money. - I've tried, believe me. - Then offer more. Or I can loan you Navegante. He will do whatever I ask. That's true. It's silver or lead. That's the choice for that bastard. Speaking of lead, I'm getting a shipment of weapons in. Uzis, grenades... If I could find a nuclear weapon... But now I'm negotiating a fucking missile. - A missile? No fucking way. - Yes. - Boss. - Eh? This is crack cocaine, seized a few days ago by drug enforcement agents, in a park just across the street from the White House. And our message to the drug cartels is this: the rules have changed. He's bullshitting, right? He's smoking that shit. I guarantee it. Motherfucker. Mm... Mrs. Quiroga told me the neighbors on the block took a vote. They want us to move. But we have guards stationed outside the house 24 hours a day. That's what scares them. Come here. It won't always be like this, my love. - Rodrigo. - Hello, Horacio. - Everything OK? - May I speak with you? Yes, sure. Come in, come in. Let's talk about the incorruptibles. I'm listening. I've been instructed to tell you that if you cease and desist your operations, you will receive a one-time payment of six million. Horacio... that's US dollars, not pesos. Instructed by whom? I think you can guess. Say the name. You know who. Say the name, Rodrigo. Escobar. Don't look at me like that, Horacio. I've always cared for you. I'm making this suggestion to save you and your family from terrible grief. This man has tentacles. I'm surprised he hasn't killed you already. Get out. Horacio, please... Horacio... Take care. I was driving to the church. Was with my buddy, John. He was my best man. We were late. It was fucking blazing outside, 110 degrees. Whole bridal party was there sweating their balls off, I'm sure. And all of a sudden, I stopped the car. Please don't tell me you left her at the altar. I don't know if she actually made it to the altar. Well, you saved her a lifetime of hell. Yeah, she forgave me. Eventually. - Married a stockbroker from Dallas. - Hm. Randy... I think. Trust me, she's better off. What if Father Sobrino talks? He's gonna talk. It's about time, Navegante. Sorry I'm late. I couldn't came before. What do you got? Gacha's going tonight to Cartagena. I can help you get him. You said you had information. You didn't say Gacha. I guess is your lucky day. - What's the informant's motivation? - Could be money. The reward for Gacha is one million US. I'd say that's pretty good motivation. He spends his life on the run if we don't catch him. - Something else going on with this guy. - It's worth taking a risk. Peña, you go to Cartagena. Solely in an observational capacity. We want this man captured alive, if possible. Murphy stays here in Bogotá. Gaviria's press conference is tonight, and I wanna be sure whatever he plans to say, he gets to say it. Yes, ma'am. That's a beautiful dress, Ambassador Noonan. Come on, Father. Ah, yeah. Talk! Huh? Huh? More? You want more? No! No more, please! No more! No more! Ah, he's all yours. He's ready to talk. Father... how did Elisa Alvaro get away? She left with the American woman. Murphy's wife. I just don't understand. How'd you get involved with communists? Have you actually met a communist? Yeah, I have, actually... and she lied to me. Well, I'm not a communist, Connie. I'm fighting against poverty, corruption, injustice and greed. But I guess Americans don't have the same problem. Don't we? It's not the same. Look, I just wish you'd been straight with me. I'm sorry. Perhaps I should go. You can't just go. Look, if they find you, they'll kill you. I fell in love with a man... with a good man. And I was hoping to do something good. But instead, I fell into something... else, something more violent. Yeah, that makes two of us. I'll see you when I get home. Here, Elisa's ID. - What am I supposed to do with that? - Take her to Cumaral. My contact there agreed to hide her. While you go to Cartagena? I can't believe this shit. - Who made this? - Brother, what do you suggest we do? Jump out of a window? Look, she's... - She's important. - To who? To us. I take care of Elisa... you better fucking get Gacha. Finally, a romantic date. It's been a long time since we've been alone. Mm. Just you, me... and our bodyguard. Like the old days when we were young and your father watched us. - Mm. My father adored you. - Yeah, right. Garcia... Hello? Yes. Yes. But he's all right? All right. Ana? Ana? Ana? Ana! A little bird... came into the house. I'm helping it out. What? There was an assassination attempt... on Colonel Carrillo. Did someone die? One of his men. It must be terrible, the position you're in. I want you to know I think you are very brave. I'm not brave. Not like Galán. That fear keeps you alive. That's what none of them understand. I will support any decision you make. It's been said that nothing gives the fearful more courage... than another's fear. Luis Carlos Galán had made a decision that cost his life. And now, it was Gaviria's turn. Welcome, American press. Tonight, I have the great pleasure of introducing candidate César Gaviria. It has long been our government's policy... to deal with every man equally... in the eyes of the law. So... Colombians say... God made our land so beautiful... it was unfair to the rest of the world. So to even the score... God populated the land... with a race of evil men. The primary impediment to a free and uninhibited future is the violence and terror that currently grips our beloved country. A violence initiated by these evil men... will be brought to justice... in the name of decency... and in the memory of Luis Carlos Galán. We will extradite. This decision... will not come from fear. It has come from a clarity of judgment... free from the cloud of terror that surrounds us and obscures our view. I can say only one thing to Colombians in these times of peril: There will be a future. Thank you. Hello? You think you're hot shit? You should change your satellite phone. Who is this? Your mother's in Rionegro with that tub of lard you call your son. And your wife was at Carrera 11 today, shopping for clothes. You bastard son of a bitch, you think that... What, you think because you're a cop I'm afraid of you or something? You know where my family is, fag, well, I know where yours is, too. - Don't forget that. - Gonorrhea bastard son of a bitch. Why don't you take money like everyone else? I could have had you living like a king. But now, guess what? Time to kill your dad, your mom, your kids, your entire family, and you should be smart enough to realize I have each and every one of them under watch, you fucking bastard. Not everyone's for sale, Pablo. You just keep hiding, and I will find you. Don't know when... but I will find you. And when I find you... - I'm going to kill you. - I'm going to kill you and your entire family, you son of a bitch! It's war, then. Sync and corrections by explosiveskull www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 