Almost Human: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Almost Human 
 s1e4 - The Bends - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Almost Human (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Bends - full transcript 
 When a colleague gets shot in a drug related situation, John is the only one who believes in the innocence of his old classmate. Rudy sees an opportunity for his fifteen minutes of fame ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 WOMAN: The year is 2048. Evolving technologies can no longer be regulated. Dangerous advancements forever alter the criminal landscape. Police are not prepared. Law enforcement combats this corruption with a new line of defense. But not all are created equal. RUDY: The idea behind the DRNs was to be as human as possible. They were based on a program called Synthetic Soul. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 JOHN: That's one of the crazy ones. - I'll lead you in? - Let's go. WOMAN: Now all cops... human and manmade together... take on the battle to watch over us all. Sync & corrections by wilson0804 www.Addic7ed.com (phone line ringing) MAN: It just keeps ringing. MAN 2: Call him again. MAN: He's still not picking up. MAN 2: He's supposed to be waiting for our call. There's no reason for him not to answer. MAN: This is not like him. Something must be wrong. (gunfire) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (indistinct chatter) John, let's get going. We should get back out there. Come on, man, you're gonna hurt Nuri's feelings. He's not the one being inconsiderate. - I already offered you one. - I don't eat. Well, I do. You got a problem with that, go wait in the car. Don't you know... in Japan, it's rude to leave before finishing a meal. We'll leave when I finish every single bite. (speaking Japanese) What did you just say to him? (speaking nese. (Nuri speaks Japanese) (laughs quietly) I like Nuri, he's funny. Yeah, I like him, too. What did you say? Bon app?tit. That's alive. You don't want to hurt Nuri's feelings. (Nuri speaks Japanese) You're gonna pay for this. JOHN: Oh... God... ugh! (phone line ringing) Hey. Are you on your way home? I am. I just, uh... I'm just stopping at the grocery store to pick up some things. How was your day? Long. Carl called in sick so I had to take an extra shift. Again? I know, right? Kell, I got to go. Will I see you before I leave in the morning? You bet. I love you. I love you, too. Good night. You ready? Yeah. Just let me do the talking. We give them a sample, prove that you're a good cook, and get out of there, okay? Weapons check. He's clean. MAN: You're always late. Hey, you're the ones with the need. This your cook? This is him. Yeah, where's The Bishop? Yeah. Frank's here with his cook. Your guy better be good. (door closes) Nice to finally meet y, shop. I hear you're a man of talent. The Fijians thought so. COOK: I brought a sample. 84% pure. Now does the finder's fee seem fair? We're talking 600 liters of raw product. I gonna need to see him cook first. What the hell are you doing?! (grunting) Whatever you're thinking, you're wrong! (groans) (device blipping) (rapid blipping) (groans) (groans) What the hell is that? A subcutaneous wire. He's a cop. Come on... Okay. I'm not here alone. Yeah, you are. Oh, no, no... (gunshots) DISPATCHER: We have a 31. Double homicide. Officer down. South turn, pier 22. PAUL: We got an unmarked car here. Deceased officer's prints are all over it. We found this. Benzupropine. It's made from an algae that grows in the ocean. It was only discovered three years ago. They call it The Bends. Just what the department needs... a corrupt cop with a trunk full of drugs. JOHN: Who was he? His name's Cooper. He's from the 25th division. You know him? He was a good cop. No way he's dirty. When was the last time you saw him? Five or six years ago. A lot can change in five years, John. Some things don't. He had drugs in his trunk. Do you want to read the initial investigation report? I don't care what it says. He was not registered on any undercover operation. Someone pulled a subcutaneous wire. If he was dirty, how come he's wearing a wire? PAUL: You know who that is? That's Alexio Barros. He's the captain of 2-5 precinct, narcotics division. This is the part where he tells Maldonado IA was already investigating Officer Cooper for dealing on the side. Save it, Paul. If he was such a saint, why'd he have 15 liters of The Bends in his trunk? If he's guilty, why he was wearing a wire? Well, one theory's obvious. He wanted hard evidence against whoever's trafficking, use as leverage, force them to give him a bigger cut of the profits. I don't know. You tell me. He was your friend. Yeah, he was. John. Cooper's wife is here. JOHN: Kelly. John. I'm so sorry. This is my partner Dorian. I'm sorry for your loss, ma'am. Please tell me the things that they're saying about Trevor aren't true. Cooper was one of my best detectives, but he hadn't been actively undercover for months. Any reason for that? Cooper thought The Bends was gonna hit the streets in a big way. He wanting to make a run at the distributor. But netting a big fish like that takes time. Trying to get funding and resources for long-term surveillance is like pulling teeth. Yeah, I know. And they want immediate results. Yeah, and Cooper wasn't getting them. I tried to keep it going as long as I could, but when he couldn't get any arrests... His personnel reports mentioned some disciplinary action. Coop was always a dog with a bone. He would get onto something and wouldn't let it go. It could rub people the wrong way. MALDONADO: I know the type. Did Coop tell you anything about what he was doing? MALDONADO: He never took it home. He didn't like to expose me to the things he saw on the job. DORIAN: Mrs. Cooper? Did you notice any changes recently in your husband's demeanor? Not really. I mean, he was stressed. I figured 'cause of work. They've been treating him like he's a criminal and not one of their own. He's innocent. You believe that, don't you? I do. But I have to prove it. So, you believe Cooper was working a rogue investigation without the department's say-so. That's what I would like to believe, yeah. And the drugs in his trunk? Could be planted. The murder of a cop draws a lot of heat, so dirtying Cooper up is one way to deflect it. Alex, one of my detectives looked into Cooper's finances. She found an account under his father's name with recent activity. Large deposits and withdrawals. His father passed away seven years ago. Look, you know, I hope I'm wrong, but if Cooper became too familiar with the people he was after, went in too deep... I mean, he wouldn't be the first undercover cop to do so. I'm gonna have to pursue it. Look, it's your case... but Cooper was my man. So if you find anything, I'd like to know. Of course. Thanks. Yep. (sighs) JOHN: Can you recall anything out of the ordinary, any change of routine? He, um... took a day off earlier this week, to go up to the cabin. Cabin? We inherited one from his father, on Lake Casalino. Four walls, no heat. Coop loved it, but I was always freezing. Actually, he was coming back from the cabin the night he died... he was fixing up (voice breaks): the fireplace so we could spend more time up there. Would you mind if we go up there and have a look around? No, of course not. DORIAN: What exactly are we hoping to find up here? That wire Cooper was wearing was transmitting to somewhere. Now, maybe he was doing more up here than just fixing his cabin. You seem entirely convinced that Cooper was somehow unfairly set up by these traffickers. Cooper was my friend. And until someone can prove any different, he deserves my allegiance. Ugh, if I had to live in a cabin, I'd kill myself. You should buy a cabin, John. That's cute. You can walk home. (door creaks) Whoever turned over this place was probably looking for the same thing that we are. John, if the same people that killed Cooper came here, that means they knew details - about his life. - Can you... Put a protection agent outside Kelly's house. You got it. Thanks, man. You're welcome, my friend. Great, now we're friends. I never thought I'd miss my coma. Cooper was the only person in my class who could outrun me, outshoot me... So there were only two people in your class? Kelly said he was working on the fireplace. But the Cooper I knew couldn't even use a hammer. It's on. This is the recorder that Cooper's wire was transmitting to. COOPER (on recording): Now does the finder's fee seem fair? BISHOP: We're talking 600 liters of raw product. I'm gonna need to see him cook first. (two gunshots) COOPER: What the hell are you doing?! (three gunshots, Cooper groans) What-Whatever you're thinking, you're wrong! (Cooper panting, groaning) (gunshot, Cooper groans) So Cooper got a meeting with The Bishop? Vice has been trying to build a case against for the last decade. No one's gotten so much as a photo, let alone a name. Cooper found him. Found him? He was working with him... brokering a deal to sell him a cook. Perhaps that was the only way he could get a face-to-face. Oh, I don't remember asking the synthetic. Because The Bends is so difficult to harvest from the ocean. But 600 liters of raw product...? PAUL: Looks like someone found a way to mass produce. MALDONADO: That's what The Bishop does. If his pattern holds, first he takes out the competition, creates aa shortage, drives up the price. VALERIE: The Bends is notoriously addictive. We could be looking at an epidemic. Jimmy... Jimmy, are you okay? Jimmy! He did too much. You wanted to see me? We got a call from County; 25 cases of bends overdose. Five dead already. Let's finish what Cooper started. The Bishop still needs a cook. I could pose as one, get a CI to vouch for me. You can't cook ramen, let alone The Bends. Oh, come on. I can cook ramen. I can order ramen. John, let's talk about what's really driving you here. Cooper was your friend. You can't help but make this personal. But we got kids dying on the streets here. We gotta hand this to Narco, and I'm sorry, but we gotta put your friend's case on hold. Look, this has got nothing to do with my friend. This is about catching The Bishop. It's been ten years. This is our best shot. We finally have an angle on him. We know he's desperate to find a cook for his drug. If I agreed, where are we gonna find someone with a background in chemistry, that is so good, so believable in his skill, he'll convince even The Bishop? We don't have time for this. I got just the guy. You want me to go undercover? That's what he said, dummy. You'll be working on the front lines... a hero to the department. You'll be keeping a highly addictive drug off the streets and saving countless lives. All you gotta do is know how to cook. And it may not even get to that, if you get a face-to-face with The Bishop first. Just please consider it. It's an extremely dangerous job. But we'll have you under full surveillance at all times. You'll never be out of sight. Full surveillance, yeah? Yeah, an entire detail watching you, ready to move in if anything should go wrong. Okay, I'll do it. I'll do it. I've already got some ideas about my alter ego. John... Fantastic. Why don't you discuss that with Detective Paul? He's spent half his career working Vice. He'll be prepping you. Valerie's building you a cover with a criminal background. Would I wear a disguise? Can I wear a disguise? I don't know... Sure. Something sophisticated, European? Yeah, absolutely. Good man. Where-Where are you guys going? To find someone to arrange the meet. (synthetic head clears its throat) So I assume this means you're abandoning me? Prick! JOHN: Every time I come to this part of town... the impoverished, the destitute, the lonely... DORIAN: How could it get any worse, man? They could have you as a partner? Ha-ha. Who's this guy we're after? Tony Han. A low-level dealer for The Bishop. Why is he gonna help us? 'Cause he hates jail. Hey, uh, this place is, uh... They don't take too kindly to androids. You should wait out here. (groans) (rap music playing) Maybe you should come in this time. Callum Waits... convicted on two counts of possession with intent to distribute and manufacture narcotics. Spent six years on the barge. Sentence reduced for good behavior. PAUL: That's nice work. It'll get him in the door. The rest is up to Rudy. RUDY: Can I get some "Pomp and Circumstance," please? (weakly hums fanfare) No. Absolutely not. Callum Waits wears a fedora.. No. No, no, no... no. I like it. Callum Waits wears what I tell him to wear. Can we get back to work? Yeah, now that all the fun's gone, I guess that's all there is. Okay, lesson number one: convince me you're not you. Whoa! (groaning) Oh, God, I thought you were dead. Well, in the afterlife, you're still a dealer. 3.6 milliliters of The Bends. 3.6 milliliters of The Bends. That's 18 to 24 in the cubes, pal. Come on. Unless you want to cut a deal. Last time I did you a favor, Iggy tried to cut my throat. (gasps) Lucky for you, he couldn't find it. Okay, okay, what do you want me to do? I want you to broker a meeting between The Bishop and a new cook. (scoffs) Are you insane? Occasionally he is. What's it gonna be, Tony? It's gonna cost you something big. Try me. I'm in a generous mood. My girl got pulled over a couple months back. The cops found a few guns. She's got prio, ich means major time. What's her name? Maya Davis. She got booked downtown. Access the docket in the 11th District. Dismiss the charges; officer's discretion. John, we need clearance for that... Just do it. Set the meeting. VALERIE: What was the date of your first arrest? RUDY: March the 29, 2014. Where were you born? Newcastle. Until my mom moved us to Reading when my dad died of the scales. Who taught you how to cook? Uh, Dr. Darmadi. Spent an endless summer in Guam for a couple of years... Are you mad?! That's a 100-millileter... You were picked up by a Narco task force last December. What was the charge? What was the charge?! What are the color of the holding cells on the barge? Richard... What color? Blue. Until they repainted them gray. Okay. Good. I'm sorry, but you kept your concentration. When you're undercover, nothing's perfect. Not your cover story, not the product. The only thing that has to remain steady is you. If everything falls apart, you fall back on the truth. Keep your lies as close to the truth as possible. The truth is your friend. Especially when you're telling a lie. Got it. Good. Now let's see if you can cook. No hat. RUDY: Compound is rather simple, actually. You get your methyl nitrate, you add a simple chloride... (whistling) ...put it in here. Set the pressure cooker to... exactly 457 degrees and... it's easy peasy. Is it supposed to do that? (rattling, hissing) Oops. Forgot the iodine. Easy peasy, huh? (siren chirping) Okay. So I called in every favor I have. My ass is on the line. You understand what that means, right? This don't work, it ain't "we don't do no more business together" bad. It's "kill my girlfriend and kid" bad. Where's the meet? The Bishop wants to meet your cook at pier four in the Defense District, in one of those old abandoned buildings. It makes sense. It's isolated, discreet. This whole thing only works if The Bishop turns up in person, you understand that? Yeah, he'll the. He's got a lot of people waiting for this product. Let's hope your guy knows what he's walking into. JOHN: Rudy, how you feeling? RUDY: Well, actually, John... JOHN: Good to hear. What's the one thing you gotta remember? Uh... don't mess up the drugs? Don't get killed? Don't soil myself? (stammers) You gotta get The Bishop to say that he distributes narcotics. No problem. Keep him talking. JOHN: The more we can learn about his operation, the better a case we can build against him. Do we need to go over this again? RUDY: I got it, I got it. Well... here goes nothing. I... I'll just, uh... No. No. Bottoms up. You sure that's gonna work? The department's still beta testing, but theoretically, it should... (shudders) ...make my whole body into an undetectable GPS locator. And tracking beacon for same-platform technology. (farting) There. (computer beeps) There I am. MALDONADO: All right. We're tracking Rudy here, as well. (over comm): Under your command, John. DORIAN: Rudy. You okay? Yeah. Pumped. Let's, uh... rock and-and roll. Let's rock and roll. All right. Let's do it. Yeah. JOHN: You can do this, Rudy! Bring it home! You got this! He's gonna die. (beeping) Roaches are set. I've got a visual. (knocking on door) JOHN: He's in. VX: Stop. Put your hands out. Ooh! Bonus. It's, uh... small but powerful. (glass shatters) I'm Cruz. I'm Rudy. (gasps) Did he just tell 'em his real name? Thought your name was Callum Waits. Yeah. Callum Randolph Waits, yeah. Rudy for short. We gotta go in. Wait, wait. Let me go in alone... we can still salvage this mission. What are you doing? DORIAN: They can't know I'm a cop, so I'm shutting down all my comm relays so they won't detect any outgoing transmissions. Are you kidding? We'll have no way to communicate with you. Do it. You gotta do it. If anything goes down, you're Rudy's only hope. RUDY: ...because... well, anyway... I mean, anyone else thirsty? If you've got flavored vodka, I can... I can make you some cocktails. (gun clicks) (farts) Are you kidding me? Excuse me. (knocking on door) DORIAN: Uh, Dolph... Okay, take it easy. All right, Dolph. I just have your glasses. Way to go, John. Really got our best and brightest in there. Yeah. Explains why you're not in there. Guys... DORIAN: Tell them to call off this busted refrigerator before I send him back to the scrap pile. CRUZ: You were supposed to come alone. TEMPESCO: He's a DRN. This bot's police issue. He was police issue. Until they malfunctioned. I found him on the black market and completely refurbished him. Come on... we've all got bots here. (exhales) Let him go. Let's go. Okay, we're good. (sighs) Well, the ventilation could be better. Guys, I've got a facial rec. Effren Cruz. Charges for weapons, assault and robbery. These Erlenmeyer flasks are filthy. Whose lab was this? Sweeney Todd? CRUZ: Enough talk. You've 60 seconds. Let's see what you can do. Well, if I get this job, there's gonna be some changes around here. (timer ticking) (sniffs) (machine whirring) Done. (over comm): Yes! Whoo-hoo! Taste perfection. It's 95% pure. Come on. This cook is now a chef. THE BISHOP: You are indeed quite a chef, Callum. (claps) Wait a minute, where'd he come from? Are you The Bishop? Stay there. Got a hit. Gavin Maxwell. JOHN: He's gotta be The Bishop. Second they make the deal, we move in. So how did you choose the name Bishop? Is that a chess thing? It's just... there was this, uh, great chess Grandmaster who was once asked, "Do you prefer the queen on the bed or on the board?" He said, "Depends on the position." (laughs) Which is... is funny... Um, so... how much, uh, weight are-are we moving? VALERIE: What is that? It's-it's just that I'm a bit... emp-empty stomach, and... Wait. What just happened? VALERIE: We lost Rudy's GPS signal. Move, move, move! Let's go! All teams, go! All right. Let's go to the real lab. Police! (gunshot, Cruz yells) PAUL: We searched everywhere. Rudy's not here. That's impossible. We had eyes on every exit. He's gone. We've got three pressure synthesizers in here, so we can process while we treat the product in its chemical bath. (gasps) It's like being able to do three loads of laundry at the same time. (grunts) CRUZ: Please... Where did they take him? I told you. I don't know anything. You shot me in the leg! I need a doctor. (yells) (groans) DORIAN: You'll get a doctor - when you tell us where The Bishop took Rudy. - All right, okay, stop! Maxwell's not The Bishop. Nobody meets The Bishop. DORIAN: Cruz's vitals suggest he's telling the truth. He's told us all he knows. But if Maxwell isn't The Bishop, then who is? VALERIE: Hey, guys... DORIAN: The GPS solvent Rudy took so we could track him... this is the counteragent. That's impossible. The police department only developed this tech weeks ago. JOHN: They must have somebody on the inside. MALDONADO: John, that's a huge accusation to have floating around the precinct. They gave Rudy the GPS counteragent. How else can you explain that, unless someone from PD gave it to them? JOHN: Pull up Maxwell's priors. I've got his file up. It looks like Maxwell beat a major distribution charge. It says Maxwell's case was thrown out due to lack of evidence. JOHN: Who signed the papers for his release? MALDONADO: Captain Barros. (over comm): Barros is The Bishop. So, Callum... what do you think of my setup? I think I want to get in bed with you. Uh, I mean... not... I don't mean like that. I... you know what I mean. (phone ringing) Captain Maldonado. MALDONADO: Alex. You said you wanted to be kept in the loop regarding Detective Cooper. Out of respect, I wanted to update you. We talked to his wife, and found out he had a cabin outside the city. I sent a couple of my men to check it out. - Did you find anything? - Nope. Someone got there before us. Probably whoever Cooper was working with. So... back to square one. I'm sorry to hear that. Me, too. I'll let you know if anything develops. I appreciate the update. Yeah. Got him. He's at the old. Ironworks District on Dunn Street. We're seven minutes out. Copy. So I've had more than a dozen cooks trying to perfect The Bends. You've come closer than anyone. Um... It's... uh... it's about passion. (clears throat) Passion in your work. It's science, yes, but it's also an art. Ingredients are ingredients, but... if you go quiet and you just listen... ...they start to talk back to you and they tell you what they need, and the whole becomes greater than the sum of the parts. Take-take your robot, for instance... so many disparate ideas and-and concepts that all need to come together, but if you approach your work with reverence and pour your very soul into it, it starts to get a life of its own. And, dare I say, you can grow very fond of that creation. Did you make the droids or did you do them? (laughing) I have to admit, you have a very unique perspective. And I think you're gonna fit in here. Call the others and tell them to bring in the materials. Thank you for the opportunity. You won't regret it. (chuckles) (phone line ringing) (phone ringing) No one is picking up. It just keeps ringing. Call him again. (phone beeps three times) (phone line rings) VX: He's still not picking up. MAXWELL: He's supposed to be waiting for our call. There's no reason for him not to answer. VX: This is not like him. Something must be wrong. (phone line ringing) (steam hissing) Get him! (gunshot) (ragged breathing) ? (gunshots) (grunts) I see him! Move! (panting) DORIAN: Rudy! Let's get you down from there. (gunfire) ELECTRONIC VOICE: Alert... weapon not functioning. Oh, great. (grunting) (electronic whirring, blipping) (Barros grunts) (grunting) (buzzing) (electronic buzzing, blipping) (buzzing, crackling) (grunting) (panting) (Barros coughs) You stupid cop. I'll bury you like I buried your loser friend Cooper. I'm a captain. This will be a mistrial... (applause, laughter) Look, you'll probably have a scar but no long-term damage. A scar? H-How big of a scar? You forgot something back there. JOHN: Look, Rudy, you did a-a really terrific job. I'll be ready for my next assignment in a couple of weeks. Uh, yeah, look, Rudy, about that... You guys think I'm too fragile. I got a friend who trains horses. I was thinking of having him take me out, bulk me up a bit. MALDONADO: John...? Great job. Kelly. I came by to thank you for not giving up on my husband. Look, Coop would've done the same thing for me. You're a good man. (siren chirping, blipping) There's been a slight change of plans. We're going to... McQuaid's. McQuaid's? Oh, come on, man. No way. That's-that's my bar. I told Rudy we would take him out to celebrate. (chuckles) You gotta be kidding me. Okay, fine... I'll take you guys to McQuaid's. McQuaid's. A genuine cop bar. We can drink martinis. We'll be drinking beers. Do you think the, uh... the badge rabbits will go for the hat? Badge bunnies, Rudy... they're-they're called "badge bunnies." But don't ever call them that. And there are a few rules. - Such as...? - First of all, you got to promise me not to embarrass me, okay? Secondly, don't talk about your test tubes. Is that a euphemism? No. Is there a third rule? JOHN: Yeah. Pretend we just met. (starts engine) RUDY: Um, any chance we can get into a bar fight? JOHN and DORIAN: No. Sync & corrections by wilson0804 www.Addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 