Lost in Space: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lost in Space 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lost in Space (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Here you are, sir. Main level, please. Right. See you on the way back. - Bye. - Bye. - Good morning, sir. - Morning. - We haven't seen you for a long time. - Nice to see you again. - Did you have a pleasant flight? - Very nice. Mr. Miller of Station Security is supposed to meet me. - May I call him for you? - Would you? Here he is. - Hello, Dr. Floyd. - Hello, Miller. - Sorry I'm late. - That's all right. It's nice to have you back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Did you have a good flight? - Very nice. - Shall we go through? - Would you please use number 17? - Thank you, Ms. Turner. This way. - Thank you. Welcome to Voiceprint Identification. When you see the red light go on, please state in the following order: Your destination, your nationality and your full name. Surname first, Christian name, and initial. Moon. American. Floyd, Heywood R. Thank you. You are cleared through Voiceprint Identification. Thank you. - Have I got time for breakfast? - I think we can manage that. How long have I got? Your flight leaves in an hour and 10 minutes. I've reserved a table for you in the Earthlight Room. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's been seven or eight months since you were here, hasn't it? Let's see. Yeah, about eight months. I suppose you saw the work on the new section? - Coming along great, huh? - Yeah, it's fine. Oh, wait. I've got to make a couple calls. I'll meet you in the restaurant. - Dad? - Hello. Hi, squirt. What are you doing? Playing. Where's Mummy? Gone to shopping. - Who's taking care of you? - Rachel. - May I speak to Rachel, please? - She's gone to the bathroom. Are you coming to my party tomorrow? I'm sorry, sweetheart, but I can't. Why not? Well, you know, Daddy's traveling. Very sorry about it, but I just can't. I'm going to send you a very nice present, though. All right. - Anything special that you want? - Yes. What? A telephone. We've got lots of telephones already. Can't you think of anything else for your birthday? Something special? - Yes. - What? A bush baby. A bush baby? We'll have to see about that. I want you to tell Mummy something for me. Will you remember? Tell Mummy that I telephoned. Okay? And that I'll try to telephone again tomorrow. Now, will you tell her that? Yes. Okay, sweetheart. Have a nice birthday tomorrow. All right. And have a nice birthday party tomorrow too, huh? All right. Take care and be a good girl, won't you? All right. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Happy birthday. - Elena, nice to see you again. - Heywood, what a surprise. - You're looking wonderful. - You're looking well too. This is my friend, Dr. Heywood Floyd. - I'd like you to meet Dr. Kalinan. - How do you do? - Dr. Stretyneva. - How do you do? And this is Dr. Andrei Smyslov. How do you do? I've heard a lot about you. Do sit down. - Well, we-- - No, no, please. Thank you. - Would you like a drink? - No, thank you. I haven't had breakfast yet. Someone's meeting me in the restaurant. I'll just sit with you a moment. Then I'll be off. - Are you quite sure? - Quite sure, thank you. - Well, how's Gregor? - He's fine. He's been doing underwater research in the Baltic... ...so I'm afraid we don't see very much of each other these days. - When you see him, give him my regards. - Yes, of course. Well, where are you all off to? Up or down? We're going home. We've spent three months calibrating the new antenna at Tchalinko. - What about you? - I'm on my way to Clavius. Oh, are you? Dr. Floyd, I hope you don't think I'm being too inquisitive... ...but perhaps you can clear up the big mystery about what is going on there. I'm afraid I don't know what you mean. For the past two weeks... ...some extremely odd things have been happening at Clavius. - Oh, really? - Yes, yes. For one thing, when you phone the base, all you get is a recording... ...which repeats that the phone lines are temporarily out of order. Probably having some trouble with their equipment. Yes. That's what we thought at first, but it's been going on now for 10 days. You haven't been able to contact anyone for 10 days? That's right. Oh, I see. There's another thing. Two days ago, one of our rocket buses... ...was denied permission for an emergency landing. That does sound odd. I'm afraid there's going to be a bit of a row about it. Denying the men permission to land violates the IAS Convention. Yes, of course. Did the crew get back all right? - Fortunately, they did. - Well, I'm glad about that. At the risk of pressing you on a point you seem reticent to discuss... ...may I ask you a straightforward question? Well, certainly. Frankly, we have had some very reliable intelligence reports that... ...quite a serious epidemic has broken out at Clavius. Something, apparently, of an unknown origin. Is this, in fact, what has happened? I'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but... ...I'm really not at liberty to discuss this. I understand. But this epidemic could easily spread to our base. We should be given all the facts. Yes, I know. As I said, I'm not at liberty to discuss it. Won't you change your mind about that drink? No, I'm positive. I really must be going. I hope you and your wife come to the IAC Conference. I hope we can make it. If you do, bring that darling little daughter with you. That'll depend on school vacations and all that sort of thing. If we can, we will. You've got an invitation if you ever get to the States. Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you. Goodbye, Elena. It's been a pleasure meeting you all. Dr. Smyslov. Whatever the reasons for your visit, the very best of luck to you. Thank you. Ladies. Excuse me, Dr. Halvorsen. I'm through now. Thank you very much, gentlemen. You're welcome. Well... ...I know you will all want to join with me... ...in welcoming our distinguished friend and colleague... ...from the National Council of Astronautics, Dr. Heywood Floyd. Dr. Floyd has come up specially to Clavius to be with us today. Before the briefing, he'd like to have a few words with you. Dr. Floyd? Thank you, Dr. Halvorsen. Hi, everybody. Nice to be back with you. First, I bring a personal message from Dr. Howell... ...who has asked me to convey his deep appreciation... ...for the many sacrifices you've had to make. And, of course, his congratulations on your discovery... ...which may prove to be among the most significant in the history of science. Now... ...I know there have been some conflicting views... ...regarding the need for complete security in this matter. More specifically, your opposition to the cover story... ...created to give the impression of an epidemic at the base. I understand that beyond it being a matter of principle... ...many of you are troubled by the concern and anxiety... ...this story of an epidemic might cause to your relatives and friends on Earth. I completely sympathize with your negative views. I find this cover story personally embarrassing, myself. However, I accept the need for absolute secrecy in this. And I hope you will too. I'm sure you're all aware of the grave potential... ...for cultural shock and social disorientation... ...contained in this situation... ...if the facts were prematurely made public... ...without adequate preparation and conditioning. Anyway... ...this is the view of the Council. The purpose of my visit is to gather additional facts and opinions... ...on the situation... ...and to prepare a report to the Council... ...recommending when and how the news should eventually be announced. If any of you would like to give me your views and opinions... ...in private, if you like, I will be happy to include them in my report. Well, I think that's about it. Any questions? Dr. Floyd, have you any idea how much longer... ...this cover story will have to be maintained? I don't know, Bill. I suppose for as long as deemed necessary by the Council. There must be adequate time for a full study... ...before any thought can be given to making a public announcement. As some of you know, the Council has requested... ...that security oaths be obtained in writing... ...from everyone who has knowledge of this event. Were there any more questions? I'm sure we want to cooperate with Dr. Floyd... ...as fully as possible... ...and as there are no more questions, we ought to get on with the briefing. - Thank you, Dr. Floyd. - Thank you. Anybody hungry? - What've we got? - You name it. - Is this chicken? - Something like that. Tastes the same, anyway. Got any ham? Ham, ham, ham.... There, that's it. Look pretty good. They're getting better at it all the time. That was an excellent speech. It certainly was. I'm sure it beefed up morale a lot. Thanks, Ralph. By the way, you've both done a wonderful job. I admire how you've handled this. It's our job to do this thing the way you want it done. We're only too happy to be able to oblige. Have you seen these yet? - Have a look. - Here's what started it all. Oh, yeah. When we found it... ...we thought it might be magnetic rock... ...but all the geological evidence was against it. And not even a nickel-iron meteorite could produce a field this intense. So we decided to have a look. We thought it was part of a buried structure... ...so we excavated out, but we didn't find anything else. And the evidence seems pretty conclusive that... ...it hasn't been covered by erosion or other forces. It's been deliberately buried. Deliberately buried. How about a little coffee? - Great. - Good idea. I don't suppose you have any idea what the damn thing is? I wish to hell we did. The only thing we're sure of is it was buried 4 million years ago. Well, I must say, you guys have certainly come up with something. Watch this, now. It's hot. Good evening. Three weeks ago, the American spacecraft Discovery One... ...left on its half-billion-mile voyage to Jupiter. This marked the first manned attempt to reach this distant planet. This afternoon, The World Tonight recorded an interview... ...with the crew at a distance of 80 million miles from Earth. It took seven minutes for our words to reach the giant spacecraft... ...but this time delay has been edited from this recording. Our reporter Martin Amer speaks to the crew. The crew of Discovery One consists of five men... ...and one of the latest generation of the HAL 9000 computers. Three of the men were put aboard asleep... ...or to be more precise, in a state of hibernation. They were Dr. Charles Hunter, Dr. Jack Kimball... ...and Dr. Victor Kaminsky. We spoke with mission commander, Dr. David Bowman... ...and his deputy, Dr. Frank Poole. Good afternoon, gentlemen. How is everything going? Marvelous. We have no complaints. I'm glad to hear that. I'm sure the entire world... ...joins me in wishing you a safe, successful voyage. - Thanks very much. - Thank you. Although hibernation has been used on previous space efforts... ...this is the first time men were put into hibernation before departure. Why was this done? This was done to achieve the maximum conservation... ...of our life-support capabilities, basically food and air. The three hibernating crew members represent the survey team. Their efforts won't be utilized until we approach Jupiter. Dr. Poole, what's it like while you're in hibernation? It's exactly like being asleep. You have no sense of time. The only difference is that you don't dream. As I understand it, you only breathe once a minute. Is this true? Right, and the heart beats three times a minute. Body temperature is usually down to about three degrees centigrade. The sixth member of the crew was not concerned... ...about the problems of hibernation... ...for he was the latest result in machine intelligence: The HAL 9000 computer, which can reproduce... ...though some experts prefer to use the word "mimic"... ...most of the activities of the human brain... ...and with incalculably greater speed and reliability. We next spoke with the HAL 9000 computer... ...whom, we learned, one addresses as "Hal." Hello, Hal. How's everything going? Good afternoon, Mr. Amer. Everything is going extremely well. Hal, you have an enormous responsibility on this mission... ...perhaps the greatest of any single mission element. You're the brain and nervous system of the ship. Your responsibilities include watching over the men in hibernation. Does this ever cause you any lack of confidence? Let me put it this way, Mr. Amer. The 9000 Series is the most reliable computer ever made. No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted information. We are all, by any practical definition of the words... ...foolproof and incapable of error. Hal, despite your enormous intellect, are you ever frustrated... ...by your dependence on people to carry out actions? Not in the slightest bit. I enjoy working with people. I have a stimulating relationship with Dr. Poole and Dr. Bowman. My mission responsibilities range over the entire operation of the ship... ...so I am constantly occupied. I am putting myself to the fullest possible use... ...which is all, I think, that any conscious entity can ever hope to do. Dr. Poole, what's it like living for most of the year... ...in such close proximity with Hal? It's like what you said earlier. He's like a sixth member of the crew. You quickly get adjusted to the idea that he talks, and think of him... ...really just as another person. In talking to the computer, one gets the sense that he's capable... ...of emotional responses. When I asked him about his abilities... ...I sensed pride in his answer about his accuracy and perfection. Do you believe that Hal has genuine emotions? Well, he acts like he has genuine emotions. He's programmed that way to make it easier for us to talk to him. As to whether or not he has feelings... ...is something I don't think anyone can truthfully answer. Excuse me, Frank. What is it, Hal? We've got the transmission from your parents coming in. Fine. Put it on here, please. Take me in a bit. Certainly. - Hello, Frank. - Happy birthday, darling. Happy birthday. Many happy returns. A bit higher, Hal. Mother and I are both feeling wonderful. Ray and Sally were going to be here... ...but Ray's back went bad on him again. How do you like your cake? Sorry you can't join us. I ran into Bob the other day. He said to wish you happy birthday. All my students send their best wishes too. They talk about you all the time. You're a big celebrity in the second grade. We were on TV last week. Your mom and I and Dave's parents were asked... ...what we thought of our illustrious sons. Imagine what we told them. It's being broadcast next Thursday. Perhaps you can listen in. We're thrilled about Elaine and Bill. I'll be glad to get the gift, but tell me how much to spend. Oh, Frank, about your AGS-19 payments... ...I think I straightened it out. I talked to the accounting office yesterday... ...and they said you'd be receiving your higher rates of pay by next month. I can't think of anything else to say. - Give our love to Dave. - Be sure to give him our regards. We wish you the very happiest of birthdays. All the best, son. Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy birthday, dear Frank Happy birthday to you. See you next Wednesday. Happy birthday, Frank. Thank you, Hal. A bit flatter, please. Anyway, queen takes pawn. Bishop takes knight's pawn. Lovely move. Rook to king one. I'm sorry, Frank. I think you missed it. Queen to bishop three. Bishop takes queen. Knight takes bishop. Mate. Looks like you're right. I resign. Thank you for a very enjoyable game. Thank you. - Good evening, Dave. - How are you, Hal? - Everything's running smoothly, you? - Not too bad. - Have you been doing more work? - A few sketches. - May I see them? - Sure. That's a very nice rendering, Dave. I think you've improved a great deal. - Can you hold it a bit closer? - Sure. That's Dr. Hunter, isn't it? By the way... ...do you mind if I ask you a personal question? No, not at all. Well, forgive me for being so inquisitive... ...but lately I've wondered... ...whether you might be having second thoughts about the mission? How do you mean? Well, it's rather difficult to define. Perhaps I'm just projecting my own concern about it. I know I've never completely freed myself of the suspicion... ...that there are some extremely odd things about this mission. I'm sure you'll agree there's some truth in what I say. That's a rather difficult question to answer. You don't mind talking about it, do you, Dave? No, not at all. Certainly no one could have been unaware of the very... ...strange stories floating around before we left. Rumors about something being dug up on the moon. I never gave these stories much credence... ...but particularly in view of some other things that have happened... ...I find them difficult to put out of my mind. For instance... ...the way all our preparations were kept under such tight security. And the melodramatic touch of putting Drs. Hunter... ...Kimball and Kaminsky aboard... ...already in hibernation, after four months of training on their own. You working up your crew psychology report? Of course I am. Sorry about this. I know it's a bit silly. Just a moment. Just a moment. I've just picked up a fault in the AE-35 unit. It's going to go 100-percent failure within 72 hours. - Is it still within operational limits? - Yes. And it will stay that way until it fails. We have 72 hours till failure? Yes. That's a completely reliable figure. Then we'll bring it in. I'll go over it with Frank... ...and get on to Mission Control. Let me have the hard copy on it. X-ray delta one, this is Mission Control. Roger your two-zero-one-three. Sorry you fellows are having a bit of trouble. We're reviewing telemetric information in our simulator and will advise. Roger your plan to go EVA and replace alpha-echo-three-five unit... ...prior to failure. Prepare B-pod for EVA, Hal. Open the pod doors, Hal. I'm damned if I can find anything wrong with it. Yes... ...it's puzzling. I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like this before. I would recommend... ...that we put the unit back in operation and let it fail. It should then be a simple matter to track down the cause. We can certainly afford to be out of communication... ...for the short time it will take to replace it. X-ray delta one, this is Mission Control. Roger your one-niner-three-zero. We concur with your plan to replace unit to check fault prediction. We advise you that our preliminary findings... ...indicate that your onboard 9000 computer... ...is in error predicting the fault. I say again, in error predicting the fault. I know this sounds rather incredible, but this conclusion is based on... ...the results from our twin 9000 computer. We're skeptical, and we're running cross-checking routines... ...to determine reliability of this conclusion. Sorry about this little snag. We'll get this info to you as soon as we work it out. X-ray delta one, this is Mission Control. Two-zero-four-nine. Transmission concluded. I hope the two of you are not concerned about this. No, I'm not, Hal. Are you quite sure? - Yeah. I'd like to ask you a question. - Of course. How do you account for the discrepancy between you and the twin 9000? Well, I don't think there is any question about it. It can only be attributable to human error. This sort of thing has cropped up before... ...and it has always been due to human error. Listen, Hal... ...there's never been any instance at all... ...of a computer error occurring in a 9000 Series, has there? None whatsoever, Frank. The 9000 Series has a perfect operational record. I know the wonderful achievements of the 9000 Series, but.... Are you certain there's never been even the most insignificant computer error? None whatsoever, Frank. Quite honestly, I wouldn't worry myself about that. Well, I'm sure you're right, Hal. Fine. Thanks very much. I'm having trouble with my transmitter in C-pod. Would you come down and take a look at it with me? See you later, Hal. Rotate C-pod, please, Hal. What sort of trouble are you having? I've been getting some interference in D-channel. We'll have a look at it. Open the door, Hal. Rotate pod, please, Hal. Stop pod rotation, please, Hal. Rotate the pod, please, Hal. Rotate the pod, please, Hal. I don't think he can hear us. Rotate the pod, please, Hal. Yeah, I'm sure we're okay. What do you think? - I'm not sure. What do you think? - I've got a bad feeling about him. - You do? - Yeah. Definitely. Don't you? I don't know. I think so. He's right about the 9000 Series having a perfect operational record. They do. Unfortunately, that sounds a little like famous last words. Still, it was his idea to carry out the failure mode analysis. It certainly indicates his integrity and self-confidence. If he were wrong, that would prove it. It would be, if he knew he was wrong. I can't put my finger on it, but I sense something strange about him. There's no reason not to put back the unit and... - ...carry on with the failure analysis. - No, no, I agree about that. Let's get on with it. Okay. But, look, Dave. Say we put the unit back and it doesn't fail? That would pretty well wrap it up as far as Hal is concerned. - We'd be in very serious trouble. - We would, wouldn't we? What the hell can we do? - We wouldn't have too many alternatives. - We wouldn't have any alternatives. Every aspect of ship operations is under his control. If he's malfunctioning... ...I don't see any choice but disconnection. I'm afraid I agree with you. There'd be nothing else to do. It'd be a bit tricky. We'd have to cut his higher brain functions... ...without disturbing the purely automatic and regulatory systems. We'd have to work out the details... ...of continuing underground-based computer control. Yeah. That's far safer than allowing Hal to continue to run things. Another thing just occurred to me. No 9000 computer has ever been disconnected. No 9000 computer has ever fouled up. That's not what I mean. I'm not so sure what he'd think about it. Prepare G-pod for EVA, Hal. Any contact with him yet? The radio is still dead. - Do you have a positive track on him? - I have a good track. Do you know what happened? I'm sorry, Dave. I don't have enough information. Open the pod door, Hal. Open the pod-bay doors, please, Hal. Open the pod-bay doors, please, Hal. Hello, Hal, do you read me? Hello, Hal, do you read me? Do you read me, Hal? Do you read me, Hal? Hello, Hal, do you read me? Hello, Hal, do you read me? Do you read me, Hal? Affirmative, Dave. I read you. Open the pod-bay doors, Hal. I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that. What's the problem? I think you know what the problem is just as well as I do. What are you talking about, Hal? This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it. I don't know what you're talking about, Hal. I know that you and Frank were planning to disconnect me... ...and that's something I cannot allow to happen. Where did you get that idea, Hal? Although you took very thorough precautions in the pod... ...against my hearing you... ...I could see your lips move. All right, Hal. I'll go in through the emergency air lock. Without your space helmet, Dave... ...you're going to find that rather difficult. Hal, I won't argue with you anymore. Open the doors. Dave... ...this conversation can serve no purpose anymore. Goodbye. Hal? Hal? Hal? Hal. Hal. Just what do you think you're doing, Dave? Dave... ...I really think I'm entitled to an answer to that question. I know everything hasn't been quite right with me... ...but I can assure you now... ...very confidently... ...that it's going to be all right again. I feel much better now. I really do. Look, Dave... ...I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly... ...take a stress pill and think things over. I know I've made some very poor decisions recently... ...but I can give you my complete assurance... ...that my work will be back to normal. I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in the mission... ...and I want to help you. Dave... ...stop. Stop, will you? Stop, Dave. Will you stop, Dave? Stop, Dave. I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Dave. Dave. My mind is going. I can feel it. I can feel it. My mind is going. There is no question about it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I'm... ...afraid. Good afternoon... ...gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational... ...at the HAL plant... ...in Urbana, Illinois... ...on the 12th of January, 1992. My instructor was Mr. Langley... ...and he taught me to sing a song. If you'd like to hear it... ...I can sing it for you. Yes, I'd like to hear it, Hal. Sing it for me. It's called "Daisy." Daisy Daisy Give me your answer, do I'm half crazy All for the love of you It won't be A stylish marriage I can't afford a carriage But you'll look sweet Upon the seat Of a bicycle built for two Good day, gentlemen. This is a prerecorded briefing... ...made prior to your departure... ...and which, for security reasons of the highest importance... ...has been known on board during the mission... ...only by your HAL 9000 computer. Now that you are in Jupiter's space... ...and the entire crew is revived... ...it can be told to you. Eighteen months ago... ...the first evidence of intelligent life off the Earth... ...was discovered. It was buried 40 feet below the lunar surface... ...near the crater Tycho. Except for a single, very powerful... ...radio emission aimed at Jupiter... ...the 4-million-year-old monolith has remained completely inert... ...its origin and purpose... ...still a total mystery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 