Earth: Final Conflict: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Earth: Final Conflict 
 s3e1 - Crackdown - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Earth: Final Conflict (1997–2002): Season 3, Episode 1 - Crackdown - full transcript 
 An unknown woman saves Augur and Liam from the raids on the Resistance. Lili sabotages the mother ship, but Zo'or stops its total destruction. Lili is reportedly dead. The investigation on the President's shooter continues. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - On the ground! - Take from here Dorsa. do not it stir Even. Where do Dors? Ask pall. In tract aboard - mother But mister is barrister Da'ana. Major, I arrest mister. / they Arrived on earth with promise of room. / Strange race - Tallonowie. / There now folks are, / which they oppose to new companions. / the True mission of Coupons then the secret, / which they conceal, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 / which world will decline for ever. / the chance of mankind is in hands these Now, / which they throw the challenge of future of The ground. What do you line? who are you? Later. unless wait on single ticket. Zo'or it will see mister willingly major. you Are my prisoners. to Move. Head low.  You Have to look on prisoners. there In building is them more. you About something think? I about something think Always. Keep for later on this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Splendid. bottom fishes me First,  and it does not it leave the telephone number. you Later will thank her personally. Liam, you hear me?  Liam. Who let in you here? to Take her from here! Captain Marcet she overheated engines. Walk round commands. we- It have not to formation access. - Close by hand There now reactors crystallize. Evacuation! we- Lost engine. - To hang on positions. Ship will explode. we Have to evacuate. Ship will explode. - noli me tangere.  I- Have you to protect! What you do? I Solve problem. / suspicious rebels' Hundred  / it became aresztowanych / after attempt on president Thomsona. / White House did not it announce  / how the state of emergency will last long. whole lattices Broke down. they Draw out all,  which they displease Tallonowie. If they will not it dismiss the state of emergency,  only we two will stay. When president's conference? In 3 days. folks' last name Has to pass,  which he wanted him to kill. I hope that this it was not our. And if? it will manage. I Occupied oneself this change problem. you Have me to inform   until to her ostatniej minute. Obviously.  Mister's Nothing will avoid. Before we will remove break-down   it was one should use from admission emergency. We? volunteers' Complex.  They Are already in tract. Send them with flyback. the Ship - the Mother then the mould of life,  which alone it will regenerate. Next point:  Captain Marcet. you mean something special? In only thing. to Bring on bridge prisoner. / This impossible. And this how come do? it Has to have some data. Nothing.  This Can she was volunteer, she Saw our faces,  it knows last names. it Can this double agent? Patience.  Hold out. / On Tellonskim ship - explosion was mother. / How our reporters bring, / she was saboteur captain Lili Marquette: / the guide pin of space shuttle and just soldier. / different persons' along with 13 Got lost in explosion. / we Will inform the states  / in measure of afflux of information about this tragedy. You rotters killed her! Stop. Let go me! Look on me. she Went away. And nothing her will raise from the dead. I Want to see your face. you Want me to kill   how do your friend Marcet? If I wanted you to kill,  you would not it live already. Lili she did not it want to harm you. Attack he jednego Tallona   then attack he bond. Then fault will Zora. This your president announced him,  it Tallonowie. Thomson it does not it will to go for a walk   it without agreement will Zora. And this Zor if would was the aim of attack? rebels would get What? you Blame Coupons   and you do not it reign over folks. How will you to prove mathematically this? you will See. I did not It tell you to conduct an investigation. did not It ask about I will agree Dann. Who proves here? I, major. What do you line? Some problem, major? No.  I Take substance Lili Marcet on the grounds. Solid funeral and before this dissection. This impossible. And this how come do? different rules In cosmos are. I do not It agree with them there now it is fact,  that captain Marcet it is guilty betrayal. Tallonowie they can do from her substance   what they will want. Tallonowie that is Zo'or. I Understand your sorrow. it Can him with you even I distribute. - So it do not this. - What do you propose? Permit me her to take.  Nobody will find out. I it can not make Anything   in these difficult circumstances. I Demand final identification. And the prosecution? This farewell. Sometimes better to does not it see anything. I Thank for advice there now I want such her to remember. Here whole problem. to get rid Sure remembrances hard. Chabo Jurig -  the chief of staff Thomsona. I Know who mister it is. evidences will be Supposedly yet today,  in order to president could the future announce last name. FBI is already finished.  We Wait in corroboration of coroner. Let it will hurry up. thereat whole technics,  Tallonowie they would can improve lid. Say what to you one one should. Thanks, but I am old-fashioned.  I kill Dirty work alone. Especially in such matter.  I do not It want something to screw up. you Told,  that killer shot from gallery. I said So. you found remnants There? we remade Already this. I Have all to understand.  It dies So many folks, and so little tense. you Can me in something help. Namely? Since you made the preliminary test of DNA.. then you my opinion? Taking under attention the character of investigation   we want to be covered. they shoot to president Seldom. Therefore inform me about scores   before you will give announcement. I hereinto answered times before mayor. It you. How do there collecting? FBI nothing does not it leave. Even scrila. It it will give oneself on them to conduct   ballistic tests. This now new party. How do to guard before expansion the samples of gen?w? In refrigerator. you Waited modern something. Forgive. Assistant calls in me. Spy Sandoval it asks I would look after   in order to mister had all. That FBI is such polite also. How do you feel? I See her how it lies there. you Think that folks post mortem   they look even-Stephen. Never it is not the case. you Try to store good things, there now you the best store ostatni range. To minie. I do not It know or I want this. Because then Lili it will go away for ever. you will Draw out DNA? I Have already the fragment of spiral casing. I Saw this guest. Therefore it will go us more easily. I do not It judge. Phillips he belonged to rebels. Sandovall then we. - Repeat test. - DNA does not it lie. Trivial. Repeat.  Mistake Has to be. Find me someone   I from who would can talk. do not it tell about me Only anything. you Have guest. leave alone us. you made with remaining prisoners What? you Miss for folks' company? World changed from your caption. Which has this to label? there have not already no rebels. And a few your friends. What for country.  The Land of freedom and heroism. I Have to occupy oneself our doctor. Already late,  I have to get for hour of extra work. Ring to compound. Emily Langport? I my name is Liam Kincaid,  I am companion's barrister. What does you want?  I did not it make Anything. I Look for Albert Phillipsa. Let mister ask his space boss.  They Took him month this. you did not It know? president will announce Day after tomorrow   fusilier's identity. - what of it? - Then woman boy. mister Jokes. it Is clever to many things   there now it to shots. Truth does not it walk round already anybody. Go mister to torment any one else. Lord Anders,  what I can for mister make? I Wanted to fold congratulations. / I Listen? mister Took sample near spies' dozen. What for technician. mister trusts even-Stephen as I Sandovalowi. / Then interpretation. May she was corect,  because I place on mister. / I I does not gets the idea. if facts interest mister   in this matter. When you to me comes? / In quarter of an hour. I It can not endlessly   conceal before FBI these news. / Sandoval it can already it knows. Whether this warning? / It  / Caution. I will Copy my bundles   in case me oneself something it if would lay. Major Liam Kincaid to coroner. I Am the chief of staff. Back off or gap you implant. I Apologize.  I did not It know who mister it is. Lord president,  the state of emergency worries me. it Worries? Support it was not so high   from bombing Iraq. they are voluntary Everywhere. Then it does not it please to me. the Annie the rest of America. This the only centre   to raglet of wings of rebellion. ?eby? own he did not it cut. I Know what I do. - Really? - So - electors wait This. - And rather Zor. you Speak with me. you will have to sprzeciwi? Once   ago Tallonowi. it for him will be for late. you Found this woman? When I finish portrait,  I will search the database. we Know what it be able to. you Have her to outdistance. Conduct the next test of DNA Philipsa. Right datedness.  Make for me this. I fains to running. Well. This odd. Philips he was dead several days this,  and this sample comes from from before month. remnants in the audience have to be still   true fusilier. I Doubt.  Folks Sandovalla they cleared already it. it Has to be he did not it think something about what. - Little probable. - Speeches. Sandoval he shot down him on gallery. Energy from screela   she could create the connection of molecules, setting DNA in metal. that is just it.  You will not it rub off Such connection handkerchief. I With sorrow bade good-bye. Bomb cleans the place of crime effectively. let alone me. I Calculate that does not it one should this DNA to Philipsa. Sample is lousy. Make what you can. I Have.Let's  let's See to who these geny belong. About dear I. Who this? Judson Corr.  He Killed Williama's wife Boona. he Rented him Sandovall.  This professional fusilier. the identity card. I Ask. What I can for mister make? president will pass fusilier's identity The future? Lord and your mates   you advised me magnificently, I congratulate. sentence Can alter mister. What this?  Before hour we got report FBI. Albert Phillips he did not it shoot. he Was dead before month. you does not It believe me? Let your folks prove this. I It have not tense... Better in order to this did not it go out then   when president will speak to amerykan?w. And it will go out on dumbhead?  It About this walks? truth is Here.  What mister from this will make this your matter. Then who shot? Professional murderer - Judson Corr This has me to convince? Let the mister add hereinto the dead coroner   and the wears out place of crime. How come does you drive this?  Where do spy Sandoval? I Wait on speech president. Prepare because I come. Now comparison. Just I ask.  You Made this more quickly. Pretty well.. there now it will not it suffice. It, it, it, it! I Have her to get to know. / I Told to see through your evidences. / they strike. I Thank. There now mister went mad thinking,  that I will go from this to president. - And evidences? / They- do not It exist. the Sample of gen?w Corra   she could be has throwed up. I Collected in hall. it will not it confirm Anybody this. And datedness? Phillips he did not it live for a month   before shots to president. experts' Foundling,  which they will affirm counterfeiting sample. / Prosze to ring, if something mister foundling. Splendid speech,  it took them. Super. I About something should know? Yet it. I Proved computer Andersa.  Nothing has not there. President will speak for less than 4 hours. it Can he did not it copy file. Assistant claims that he was pedant. it Can he forgot. he put this Somewhere.  Help me. they Require uniform temperature.  It In refrigerators has not. Anders he took secret to grave.Let's  let's Walk. it will Be him more a bit lightly. I Was interesting where you are. I Come back with meeting with marshal   and the chairman of senate. Well that they came. This the best   speech what me boys wrote we Will have it to throw out. it About what walks? Lord President,  mister has from someone to impute. Then major Liam Kincaid. / I Expected that I will get to know identity today  / fusilier which he came on my life, / there now new evidences subject in doubt, / that he belonged to rebellion. / the same, peaceably with right, / they have no option / how the dowo?a? state of emergency and to give the dispositions / all prisoners' immediate flyback  / kept on Tallo?skim ship. About what evidences he tells? I It have not the remoted idea. crib here this fool Immediately. If it rebels shot,  then who? Sandoval,  for agreement Zor'a. Where do you be to plan to go? to See to prisoners came back on earth. There where it is Sandoval folks disappear. the Appeal of state of emergency   then the lack of respect in the face of Tallon?w. you have the face to risk my life   in order to to cheat amerykan?w, and you accuse about lack of respect? If we did not it alter the scores of choices,  Doors he would become president. I do not It believe in this. Talk from electoral committee. the state of emergency it is not necessary. Volunteers become on The ground   until rebellion will disappear. I It will not agree thereon. I do not It ask about agreement. mister Is in White House,  because we placed in your side crutch. we will not it be next time   to take aim so exactly. All counted prisoners. they Killed Lili. I Know.  Unpleasantly me. I Be please with our co-operation. I do not It doubt,  that both species will gain thereon. I Have for you order. What? Then internal matter. During arrest Dorsa   disguised for volunteer woman she killed dick of her individual   and she let go two suspicious. This serious infringement safety. All barristers on world   they conduct an investigation in this matter. we Conjecture that she appeared our operations. Barry Calvert, here first broadcast on quickly   from ship - mother. it Is with me today Zor,  leader Tallo?skiego synod and the most powerful creature of our galaxy. I Understand that you wanted something to announce   national American. Will in order to my honourable mate made this. I Thank Zor. For these, which they supported me   in kampani presidential view has to be shocking me standing   by former enemy. Presence Tallon?w on The ground   it is universally supported. worldwide. Whether this labels,  that you od innego statku ) edge away from ideology of rebellion? it does not it walk about rebellion Here. it was Always and the good of mankind will be. Therefore "Dors International"  it will link co-operation from Tallonami. Wins over happy family. to come back to former idea Time. Utilization Tallonskiej technics   in everyday uses. my lud huge plans on coming year. It I. the True problem waits   the talented boss of new department. Renee Palmer. / Code which destroyed my operates system  / then file BK2300. / Infected fragments be removed. / I Can reinstall. there have not no no data about this woman? / she Knew that we come. / Probably beloveds their privacy. / My formation is ready to running. / I Have to begin installation. This will not it be necessary. / I Introduced new masking programme. / Something became? It, nothing.  The all in of order. / What I do not it believe you? we Have to talk. / OK. / About what do? I Have to remove your programme. / I Am fully efficient. / If it walks about correction  / in operates system.. operates system is in order. / Therefore I made what? Nothing. There now now Lili it does not it live.. / If she does not it exist, / this I do not it exist, and if I.. Unpleasantly me. This it will not hurt, I promise. / I Ask.. Rest in room. to go Time, woman captain. Tradu?ao Polones x Ingles : Luizxt agora ? com voces - Ingles x Portugues 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 