Earth: Final Conflict: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Earth: Final Conflict 
 s1e3 - Miracle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Earth: Final Conflict (1997–2002): Season 1, Episode 3 - Miracle - full transcript 
 William Boone sees a girl that's ready to fly off a skyscraper. He rushes to the roof and tries to convince the girl not to jump. Suddenly he recognizes her. It's Julie Payton who made the news big time years ago. She had an accident in which she lost her parents and both of her hands. She received two artificial hands, but clearly she isn't too happy with them. Boone succeeds in his mission and Da'an is intrigued by the events. He tells Taelon technology is almost at the point that regeneration of human body parts is possible. In fact it's already there, but still in an experimental stage. FBI agent Sandoval makes the suggestion the girl's healing can be used as propaganda for the Taelon's cause. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Said, they got a bed for you down at the Church of the Holy Companions, as long as you're sober. Now are you sober? Well go to the park and sleep it off. Come to see me tonight, okay? Good morning, Reggie. Good morning, Capt. You're still fighting a good fight. Somebody's gonna do it, Capt. We're lucky you're around. New paint job? Any colour as long as it's black. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 All right, take it slow. Go back. I just got here. Yeah, well, I was just leaving. It's ah... long way down. I'm sure. Well, since I came all the way up here and ah... I really don't like heights. Tell me why? Tell me why I shouldn't. Because you'll miss every good thing in the next seventy years. Yeah, well if the last eighteen are any clue I won't miss much. Stop or I'm gone! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Okay... Julie? Your name is Julie? I don't know you. Hey, you're Julie Payton. You're an inspiration to a lot of people. Listen! What happened to you was terrible, but so many people followed your story and believed in you. Well maybe they should find another place for their faith? What did rip your faith, Julie? I mean what do you believe in? Nothing... Not anymore. Well, believe this - I really, really don't want you to jump off this building. What are you, shriek or something? No, I'm... I'm just... I'm just a guy, who... maybe wrestled with... some but the same thing you're wrestling with. And I know this isn't the answer. I'm kind of frozen up here. Just take my hand. Go on, take it. Move on towards middle. Come on, I got you. I got you, I got you, I got you... I don't know your name. Will Boone. Three years ago they came forever altering the future of humanity. Subtitled by Axarion The girl was on the ledge several minutes, until William Boone, Director of Interspecies Relations, came on the scene and was able to talk her down. Mister Boone! I'd like to ask you few questions... Not right now. So young a life, to be so tired of living. This annihilation of self out of despair. No Taelon can become so alone. Ten years ago in the same accident which Ms. Payton lost her hands, she also lost her parents. They were missionaries. She had no other family. She was raised be the sisters of mercy. Such sorrow... What a pity... She could not live as a Companion. We might easily replace her hands. Could you do this for Ms. Payton? We're talking about the species that can grow buildings, Boone. Perhaps, the Synod would consider Ms. Payton as the first public recipient. The worldwide effects could be the most beneficial. Perhaps. The regeneration of their anatomy still poses our most difficult challenge. Our physicians tell us that the procedure is ready to be tested openly. Bear in mind, however, that we cannot evaluate our results with certainty, since all our human patients come to us with either deadly injuries or mortal illnesses. This one appears healthy. Except... for her hands... and her mind. Still, she remains young and strong. Let us learn together, Quo'on. Hey! Hey! What are you doing here? You know that ancient saying from China? If you saves somebody's life, you're responsible for them. Yeah, I found out, actually, you're that person. Aren't you in the hospital? They gave me loose. I guess I passed all the tests. Suicide holds 72 hours. Okay, we need some candy. Personally... lemon is my favourite. Thanks. You are welcome. So, what happened? They were hesitating me, put me full of drugs. Is that what you saved me for? No. Pretty. Yeah. Girlfriend? No, my wife. She would've liked your spirit. Would've? Yeah. She died earlier this year. How? She was killed in an automobile accident. I tell you what... I got couple things to finish up here, why don't you meet me downstairs... in an hour? and we'll get something to eat, talk about how I'm being responsible for your life. It's going to work. I've already got that figured out. I'm sure you have. See you later. Congratulations! For what? Da'an agreed with your recommendation. What recommendation? Ms. Payton is to undergo the Taelon limb restoration. I didn't recommend her. Did you say "limb restoration"? Yes. It's been in the experimental stages for quite some time, now Boone is to be part of its public debut. As soon as you convince the girl. Convince her? Shouldn't this be Ms. Payton decision? It's Da'an's wish. I don't believe it. I did neither... ... at first. But I would bet they can do it. I've seen them grow entire buildings. What would you do? I don't know. When I was a little girl I used to pray to God every night for a miracle. I'd hold these like this and... prayed that when I woke up they'd be real. Do you think my prayers been answered? All they're looking for is a good they can generate if this procedure works. This could be disaster for her. Taelons couldn't care less about Julie Payton. Yeah. They're not satisfied with popularity, they want devotion as well. And they'll get it if they can pull this one off. It's time for us to do something. If we talk Julie out of this, if we take her out, they'll just pick someone else to experiment on. I'm not just talking about Julie Payton, I'm talking about us, this movement; we have done nothing to make a dent in the Taelons' agenda. You need to learn patience, captain. Everything in its own time. You're assuming we have time? All right. How far does this medical team extend beyond Dr. Belman? As far as it needs to. Does it include geneticists? What are you suggesting? Julie Payton grows her hands back, I'll bring you back a little souvenir. Enhanced strands of genetic material provide the matrix for the grow of organic tissue. Ne'eg, our foremost surgeon and scientist. Do the bio nucleic derivatives direct the new tissue growth? No. They link nerves and capillaries with muscle and skin. So the entirety becomes... a functioning appendage. I can feel something! Prepare. Molecular generation is commencing. Brand new completely healthy hands... I'm told she will occasionally... break fingernails. Oh, my God... You're all familiar with the sorrow of Julie Payton. Yesterday a miracle was performed. History's first successful human limb regeneration. My accident was the worst thing that's ever happened to me. My life was filled with nothing but despair for the last ten years. But life is not cause for despair. Life is full of infinite possibilities. And surprise. Look, this is really amazing! Feel here... This is a pulse! This is my pulse! Please join me in welcoming the one who is responsible for this miracle. Da'an. Look. Don't you see it? My God... Look! Look at the light! He's surrounded by light! The Companion shines like an angel! The Companion... is a messenger from God! Such an unusual feeling... to be worshipped... You know the affection our people have for you. Affection is one thing, arrogation... is something else. Share you thinking, Boone. You should discourage her from misbelieving immediately. It will only lead to disappointment. As we see this Universe every being lives with no distinction between creator... and created. Some of our ancient eastern religions share that belief. Did you somehow... import this experience to Ms. Payton? No. The young one sees what her mind tells her to see. Those among you who shared the simple vision... you regard them as saints or fools. You actually slaughtered each other over questions of the spirit. Is it different... on other planets? It is different... on every other planet. Please, give me something to tell Julie Payton. Tell her to enjoy her new hands. Hey, Julie! Come in. Hi. - Hi. Nice to meet you. - Thanks. - Oh, I didn't... - It's okay. You can touch them. Okay... This is... just extraordinary. I'm sorry. It's just such ah... Miracle! Don't apologize, I feel the same way. You're so lucky to work for the Companions. Can't argue with that. Come on. So, how are you doing? Incredible! I didn't sleep a wink last night I just walked around my place touching everything. What was your favourite thing? Olive oil... and bricks. It's amazing to me, the things we take for granted. I'm really happy for you, Julie. Thanks. So, you wanted to see me? Yeah! Yeah, I... I got something for you. Go ahead. Open it. I haven't written my name since I was eight years old. Thank you. But I forget how to use it. Well, it's like riding a bike. Do you want try out? Thousands of them flocked to me. Afflicted ones seeking healing? No. Everyday humans... seeking nothing more than our favour. I perceive wisdom in the words of my implant, William Boone. He urges me to make a public disavowal. Our interfere. The Synod shall observe the evolution of this phenomenon. We feel this new found devotion has proven a great stride for us. Possibly. Possibly the opposite. Might they turn on the very thing they worship? They have done so before. Look at this. You're picking this up very quickly. It's great. And it's not so hard as I thought. Oh, look, you're on TV... Sound up. There's been a worldwide firestorm of religious fervour touched off by the Companion medical miracle. One of the beneficiaries of this Taelon first is Travis Murray, founder of an organisation calling itself "The Church of the Companions". Julie Payton is living proof of what I've been saying for two years. Those Companions are much, much more than visitors from another planet. The Companion Church is planning around the clock rallies across the nation, including one here tomorrow night. Everyone take a sit. We go live online in twenty seconds. Welcome one and all. And welcome to all our followers out there. Join me now in the universal Taelon greeting. Shinouhee Uhuurah! Shinouhee Uhuurah! Come on. It means "We come in peace". Shinouhee Uhuurah! Shinouhee Uhuurah! You know, the truth has been under our noses all along... A Companion loves at all times. The Book of Proverbs says "A Companion is born for adversity". Revelation says "In the mid of light stood one like a son of man; clothed in a long robe; and his head was white as snow; and his eyes burnt like the flames of a fire; and his voice was like the sound of many waters; and in his right hand he held seven stars..." Excuse me... Miss! You're the one! You are Julie Payton! Everyone, it's Julie Payton, the Companion miracle! Julie Payton! Julie Payton! It's a flesh and blood miracle! Bring her over here! Julie Payton! Everyone! Image number four: Moses. Blend onto number three: Egyptian prince Amenhotep IV. Blend three... onto two... and one... Yes, ah... Da'an? What work has so absorbed you? Studying you, Da'an. May I ask you a question? Have you been here before? The souls of our two species... have a long history, on many different planes. Set your monitors to the site for the Church of the Companions. Julie Payton is making an appearance. Go over there and make a donation, and buy something from them, because this is a night the world will be watching. Julie, you were chosen. The Companions picked you to receive new hands. And then they revealed themselves to you in their full glory. Isn't that obvious? Well, I... I... I saw what I saw. Of course you did. This is the sign we've been waiting for. Pretty heavy load for her to be carrying. Don't you think, Reverend? - Will... - Who are you? It's OK. It's a friend of mine. You work for the Companions! What an honour! Two distinguish visitors in one day! I'm Travis Murray. Will Boone. It was so exciting here earlier, you should see... I did see... The whole world saw. We were just discussing the... responsibilities that come with God's gifts. From those to whom much has been given, much is expected. Ah, then you're a man of the faith. Just a guy with a good memory. Come on, Julie. Your only responsibilities are rest and recovery. She has a duty to the world now. Really? Just what did you have in mind? My mission is to spread the word of the Companions. Julie should speak the truth. What if Julie doesn't see that as her mission? Doesn't she have the right to live her life anyway that she pleases? Julie has been given a gift. The greatest gift she could have been given. She has a responsibility to tell the whole world the wonders that the Companions have brought. On your Net site. Anywhere she likes. With the T-shirts and videos close behind. Let's go. How did you come to such a cynical place? You know, we can help you find a new path. Let's just say I'll be monitoring your path... for Julie... very closely. I have a duty to my Companions. I will do everything humanly possible to see that Julie fulfils her destiny. Will, let's go. You are welcome anytime. Both of you. Goodnight, Reverend Murrey. I'm sorry if I was rude. You were totally out of line. I said I was sorry. Don't you get it? I don't care what Murrey's motives are. I know first hand he is preaching the truth. You saw an aura because you believed one was there. Julie... Goodnight. Goodnight. Commander Boone! Yes... I'm Barry Calvert. I... I can see that. Julie Payton was scheduled to appear on our shoe today... I know, she is there with you, isn't she? Why don't I like the sound of this?.. I know she was very excited about meeting you and she should be there. Commander, it's a live show. I'm on in 30 seconds. I'll try to put one of the other guests. All right. I'll make some calls. Yeah, I'd appreciate that. Metro Police. Bob Morovski. Please, hold. Yeah. I'll wait. Today on Barry Calvert Live "Medicine or Miracle". The stream saga of Julie Payton from Jerusalem to Tokyo to Rome. World reaction has been unprecedented to the so called miracle. Now let's go live to someone who's been saying for some time what Julie Payton has just proclaimed. That the Taelons are messengers of God. Meet Travis Murrey, founder of the Church of the Companions. Reverend Murrey, let me be frank. Julie Payton's history doesn't make her a model of stability. Why is it vary that when someone talks to God, he's praying, but when God talks back that person is schizophrenic? Dear God, save me from your followers. Answer a question with a sound bite, it never fails. Were there enough cells on Julie's paper to run the tests? Yeah, they were highly unstable. They were only few hours old when you handed them over, but they already showed sign of decay. Boone should be the one to tell Julie. Yeah... Call him now. I've seen the Companions hide their failures before. I don't want to see Julie just disappear. She doesn't deserve that. Jesus is knocking on the door of your heart! Hey! Julie Payton! I just wanna thank you. For what? Ah, for hope. You've given hope back to people like me all over the country. In the world! I didn't do anything... Oh, you have courage. You went for it. Where I live... that's everything. You're welcome. We got to find her now, because if the Taelons get her first she's gone. Incoming call. Hang on. Screen two. Capt? Yeah, Reggie? It's about that girl, Julie Payton. She just came by here. She wasn't looking too good. Which way was she headed? Ah... East on Slowman. Thanks, Reggie. Julie is gone to see Murrey. He'll take her to Da'an the first chance he gets. Murrey will turn her over to us, we do represent the Companions. No, he won't let anyone get near her, especially me. The Calvert coverage was terrific! Even without Julie showing up. I wanna 30 minute video assemble from her appearance on our website last night. We've been given a unique opportunity to spread our message. Let's not waste it. Reverend Murrey? Julie? Are you okay? Not really. What's the matter? Ne'eg has informed me that biopsies taken from Julie during her procedure  are displaying unanticipated degeneration. Are those samples a solid indicator of the effect of the limb regeneration on Ms. Payton? I am told that is so. That would explain her absence from the scheduled television appearance. The Synod expresses grave concern about the potential harm if her condition should be made public. I will locate Ms. Payton at once. Does the Synod wish to employ the customary isolation procedures? Hey, you! You! Down here! Now! I'm getting too old for this... Ronald Sandoval. I'm with the F.B.I. I need to speak to the Reverend for a minute, please. Thank you. Reverend Murrey said he'd take me to the Companions as soon as he finished with his service. Is he almost done? Just a little while longer. He told me he'd be right up. Maybe I could wait him near his accessories. Sorry, Reverend said register you right here. He's really quite concerned about you. No, no, no. Put that away. It's too loud. They've seen you before. I've got it covered. Lili! Lili! The Reverend said I should bring Julie Payton downstairs. Why didn't he tell me about it? You know, I had it covered... Will? What's going on? I'm so sorry, Julie... I never expected this. I know. Come on. We gotta go. What about Reverend Murrey? Not now, Julie. You have to trust us. Our followers are growing by the minute all over the world. Julie's miracle is proven to everyone The Companions are divine. I know you are dealing with a lot right now, Julie. More that anyone ever should. That's for sure. It's okay. I have you and Lili... It's more complicated than this. You're very much in danger now. Wait. What do you mean? The Taelon science didn't work. Once the world finds out about that they're not gonna be very happy about the Companions. But Reverend Murrey said he'd take me back to them. He said they cure me. If they could cure you... wouldn't they've done it in the first place? But you guys work for the Companions. Why are you telling me this? They have done a lot of great things... But... sometimes they willing to sacrifice an individual for what they think is the greater good. And Lili and I think a little differently. We wanna protect you, Julie. Any ideas? Maybe one. Come on. We wanna thank our stations for letting us cut in with this special report. I'm Barry Calvert. And with me is Julie Payton. Julie?.. I'd like to apologize to all of you for any disruption I may have caused in your lives. I know now that the vision I had of Da'an was my own illusion. I was caught up in the feelings surrounding my own recovery. When I said he was the messenger of God I was wrong. As you can see the Taelon's operation on my hands was unsuccessful. At least in material terms. But I want you to know that I don't consider this experiment a failure. In fact, now... I consider it a true miracle. I think a miracle is an event that creates faith and strength. It isn't about new hands or the blind seeing, or the dead rising... It's about what happens on the inside. A week ago I was ready to end my life. Today I commit my life to the Companion limb regeneration program so that someday others like me can experience their own miracle. I'd like to thank the Companions and their emissaries... for my miracle. Goodnight. Mute. It's a testament to the power of the Taelon's message that Ms. Payton has found such ah... positive resolution to her disappointment. The resolve of the human spirit continues to show itself to me in a myriad of unexpected ways. I'm glad to hear that. Goodnight, Da'an. Did Julie Payton's statement damaged your membership, Reverend? On the contrary, Barry. Worldwide membership is up 16% as a result of Julie's miracle. Despite what happened to her hands. You heard what she said. Well, I heard her saying that the Companions were not the messengers of God. - Yes. I was heard her saying that the... - Screen one off. It really was a miracle, Will. Even if it didn't last. I know. And they did give me something that will last. What's that? Your friendship. Hey, you remember that you asked me once you said... what are you hope for and I said understanding? Well, I understood the moment that you knew you weren't getting your hands back and you didn't retreat. When Kate died I didn't know what I suppose to do. But... if I can just... keep going on... I know how... understand my purpose. So, thanks for... helping me see that. The young girl's interpretation of her plight was quite an unanticipated turn of events. Our message is strengthened as a result. I honour your instinct for this work. Shinouhee Uhuurah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 