Earth: Final Conflict: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Earth: Final Conflict 
 s1e2 - Truth - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Earth: Final Conflict (1997–2002): Season 1, Episode 2 - Truth - full transcript 
 Captain William Boone has joined Da'an's security team and is already noticing the positive effects of the implanted CVI. He can remember everything in every detail from his entire life. Boone starts searching for the one responsible for his wife's murder. He examines the wreckage of the car and finds a device that doesn't belong there. The car was blown up from a distance. Boone hears from the police a guy was overlooking the accident and then fled. Boone remembers a guy riding away at the time his wife left. He asks his friend Augur, a computer expert, for help. Meanwhile Da'an has been informed of Boone's current activities. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I assure you that I remain unmoved by the attempt on my life. Unmoved? Your outward body may appear untouched, yet none among us could endure such attack without duress. Even a prison may hide its cracks if they are clear. Truth itself is such a prison. Those of us entrusted with domains less perilous than America feel blessed by your courage, Da'an. Its rewards match its dangers. What measures have you taken to deflect further attacks? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You already know I have implanted another human Boone. The one who has delivered me from the assassination attempt. I plan to announce his ordainment. The press corps is ready, Da'an. Escort them to me. Boone as well. William Boone's potential is beyond question. Let us hope that he comes to embody the dreams you nurture for him. Three years ago they came forever altering the future of humanity. Subtitled by Axarion Thank you my friends. I am grateful to be among you again. We Companions have come to Earth 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 to share our knowledge, to teach, to learn that together we might thrive. We remain thankful that most of you have accepted our goodwill. We rely on you to create a milieu where our friendship can flourish. Kai dai! yet the tragic events of last week cause us to revaluate our need for safety. Your President has graciously named a respected police officer to aid us in this effort. Captain William Boone now serves both our worlds as Commander of Security and Interspecies Relations. Thank you, Da'an. Da'an's trust comes with a heavy burden. I would add only that I'll roll my sleeves up and do the best job I can for all of us. I'll take any questions you might have. Is it true that the sniper found dead was a friend of yours? Yes. Ed Jordan was a platoon mate of mine in the 01 war. He served his country with distinction. Was he acting alone? At the moment... Regrettably there are those among you who oppose cooperation with the Companions. One of Commander Boone's tasks will be to make sure such groups never attain destructive cohesion. Any more questions? This is your new office, Boone. All the advantages of Taelon technology And those would be..? A demonstration. Taelon virtual glass. Keyed to your security needs. Never breaks, never needs cleaning. Come on. I, uh, took the liberty of having your old office cleaned out. Incredible, isn't it? What? You're starting to feel the full effect of your cyber-viral implant. Our CVI's allow us to recall memories in complete detail. Sites, sound, smell - every impression. No matter how remote. This moment... I was there. I was reliving it... This happens to you too? Of course. You had a memory intrusion back at the press conference, correct? Yeah... But... how do you get control of it? Your cerebral cortex will adopt to it as just another way of thinking. Once it does you'll be amazed at what you can achieve. I can imagine... Actually you can't imagine. March 12th, 1987. What about it? What did you have for lunch? For lunch? A hot dog... How would I remember! You do know. Just recall it. Sandoval, I was in junior high. Boone... humour me. Stay with it. Look around. Explore the memory, Boone... Pizza! I had pizza! I had traded lunches with Dan Spicer. You remembered that? I didn't remembered it, I tasted it! That shouldn't surprise you. You and Doors told me what the CVI would do. Hey, take a left here. Quick, pull over the curb. Pull over! This is where your wife was killed. She was headed northbound, she ran red light doing 60. She clipped a truck right there, rolled here... And all I wanna know is... how they did it. You can't pursue this. You're an implant. Implants don't have vendettas. They've one purpose that's to serve the Companions. For your own sake... you'll let this go. Motor manual. Drive train schematics. Parts list, fuel cell supplement. Next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next. Stop. Hey. I hope you're not doing what I think you're doing. Somebody blew Kate's car. I can prove that. You cannot go down this road. Look, I gonna do this for me, either you help me or don't. Yeah, but it's not just about you anymore, because everything you do now affects all of us. - They used this. - What is it? It's a thermal transducer. I found it in the wreckage of Kate's fuel vaporizer. So?.. It's not a part of its manifest or the shop manual or manufacture schematics. Somebody placed it there. Boone, I'm a pilot, okay? And theoretically this is possible, but... They didn't plant a bomb. They used a transducer to turn a whole car into a bomb. Look, I understand that you're grieving and I do not mean to be cold, but Sandoval gave us a job to do. If we don't make this look good... That's what they did to my wife. Now I know how. Next comes "who". And then "why". What do you mean, "why"? The Companions had your wife killed to persuade you to join them? That's one of two possible theories. - What's the other theory? - You figure it out. Somebody lives in here? He's listening. You broke the rules, Boone. She's working with me! She should know you. You should know her. You should have asked me first! You're right... as always. Captain Lili Marquette, meet Augur. Enchanter. What the hell is going on? This is security. Give me your piece. Your piece. What does... what does he...? Augur is the... ultimate home entrepreneur. New avatar package under development in Seattle. I think I'm going to ste... ...borrow... it before it comes to market. What's this? There's going to be a currency blip in Taipei tomorrow... Big business opportunity, if you want in. How do you know? I caused it. Over here we have an arms dealer in Managua, who is transferring funds to a drug dealer in Grand Canyon. Somebody has to skim these people. Come on. Do it. Interesting name. "Auger" like a... like the drill? That's "Auger" with an "e". I'm "Augur" with an "u". Two "u's", actually. An auspex. A haruspex. A seer. A prophet. An Augur! I got it. I like her. She can come back. That's good to know. I don't know about you. Listen. My wife was murdered. I heard. Sorry. Whoever did it made it look like a car accident. I am good, Boone, but I'm not that good. I don't do resurrections. I want whoever murdered her. I brought a cash card. How much? Excuse my associate, she doesn't understand the excellence of your work. She doesn't understand that not just any hacker can break into NCIC Mainframe data store searching for murders similar to my wife's, without anyone finding out. Anyone. I mean, you can do that, right? Fuel cell explosion, late night August 14th. She ran a light, was clipped by a truck. Killer was a real pro: used a thermal transducer in the fuel vaporizer. Tomorrow... Maybe tonight. I leave you to the excellence of your work. Thank you, Augur. Following report, Will, the light turned, the truck pulled out. Geez, Will! I don't feel very comfortable talking about this! Bob, it's okay. I'm asking. - Okay. The truck pulls out... - Right, with the light. With the light, I've got witnesses to that. Katie barrels right through on the red, last second swerves, clips the truck, puts the car into a roll. - That's not like Katie. - I know. I remember how careful she was. Yeah, it used to make me crazy to ride with her. Maybe she had something on her mind. Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah, I just, uh... Nothing. Maybe you ought to take some time off. I'm not the only one that thinks so. One of the witnesses says there was someone behind her. - We never found the guy. - Think he was following her? I don't know. Trucker said some guy came up behind right after the wreck. He got up, took a look around and took off. Unidentified white male, black sports car, rag top... Fuel cell scoop on the hood. Probably one of those retrofits. Thanks, Bob. You got it. Hey, hey, hey! Yeah? Take that vacation. Yeah, yeah... "Yeah, yeah". Think about it. I will. Come on... Come on... You're rushing me here. You said tonight. I said maybe tonight. Where'd you get those? Good evening, Doctor Askin. Doctor, huh? Okay, we're in. Searching... Bombs: vehicular, hydrofuel cell, millennium to present. What? Problem? 200 problems. 206 actually data matches worldwide. How many of the cases have suspects' photos? - Too many. - Run them. - You know we're going to... - Run them. Faster. - Faster... - You're not even looking! Faster, please. Faster... Here. Back up. Back up more. Freeze! Corr, Judson William. Suspect in the murder of Marilyn Kragen, age 44, Topanga, California. Case dismissed: lack of evidence. Punch in on the photo. Do you know this guy? I've seen him once. Judson... Judson, I need you. What!? You asked me to notify you, if certain LAN addresses were ever activated. I'm here. And I'm waiting. Someone opened files in the NCIC pertaining to FBI case number 1440-b, accessed from a double-blind terminal. Terminal. Where? That information is not available. The purpose of the double-blind terminal is to conceal its user's whereabouts. We've invested far too much in you to let you run amok like this. Maybe Doors backed the wrong horse. I don't think so. But stop trying to prove me wrong. This is not something I don't have a choice about. Of course, you have a choice. Sandoval doesn't have a choice, he's a full-blown CVI. If I don't find the man that killed my wife I'll never any be good to anybody. And if you do? I guess we're both going to find it out. Calling coming from Da'an. Screen one. Accept. Commander... Captain. Yes, Da'an? Is everything all right? You appear troubled. Just a stress of a new job, Da'an. I fear I must add to your stress. Please join me without delay in Washington. Has not agent Sandoval relayed to you my wish that you pursue suspected accomplices of Jonathan Doors's assassin? Yes, he has. And your implant is programmed to guide you always in service of my kind. Of course. Yet you exhaust your potential in the pursuit of a perfect stranger, the imagined assassin of your wife. How might a human under my guidance defy the wish of a Companion for a motive so paltry as revenge? Pursuing my wife's killer, I serve only you. Please, explain. One question first. Did you have my wife murdered? Tell me for what reason I might choose the death of an innocent human? It strikes me how much better I am able to serve you without the hindrance of a wife. If my wife's death was your wish then I shall turn from solving it and go back to my other duties. And if her death has never been my wish? Then most likely the bomb that killed her was meant for me, in retaliation for saving your life. And so, by pursuing the killer of your wife, you thus serve the Companions. I have never ordered the death of your wife. Clearly, your CVI has enhanced your cognitive abilities. I look to further our relationship. Each day I grow more grateful for the opportunities it provides. Continue your pursuit. I offer no judgment. And, Boone... I hope you find piece. So, where's he? I'm a... I'm never sure. He likes it that way. That makes sense, if the whole world thinks you're dead. So, while we're waiting, why don't you brief me on the meeting? I'm here. I'm alive. That should tell you something. But not everything. I wish I could do that. It's nothing. What did Da'an want? To know why I'm after Kate's killer. What did you say? I asked him flat out if he ordered it. And? He denied it. But don't tell it surprised you. He's telling the truth - he didn't do it. You can't be serious. I gave him every opportunity to take credit for Kate's death. You have no idea what really motivates a Taelon. And you do? You have quite literally bet your life I do. They're complex, they're duplicitous, and nothing about them, nothing, is ever what it seems. Just sounds like another species I know... I have Da'an's blessing to continue to hunt Kate's killer. I'll handle it from here. No, you will not! We have not worked this hard to position you among the Companions just so some high-tech hit man could wipe you out. It's a shame Dr. Belman can't fix my implant so that I could just serve you. I'll have to talk to her about that. We knew going in that he was an experiment. But you think he's still with us? Yes, I do. If you're wrong... Can you kill him? How did you get in here? We have a little problem. Your foolproof search... Corr found out. Oh, that's impossible. Oh, yeah, impossible... Let me tell you something. I went to his apartment, he was expecting me. He left me a little welcoming gift. You promised that wouldn't happen. No, I don't give refunds. I don't want a refund. What I want is for you to hack into his files again. This time, let him back trace you. Boone, are you out of your mind? Did you looked at this guy's resume? Yes, I did. Right... And you want to lead him... right... ...here. Call incoming, screen two. Caller ID blocked. Accept call. - Captain, it's me. - What's wrong? Boone, that's what. He's with you? He is, and he's invited some very nasty company. About my inventory - he brakes it, he bought it. Remember me? Appreciate that! Tell me a story! Tell me how you pressed a button and incinerated my wife. Who put out the contract? Who?! You wanna know, you pull me up. The truth. You looked like you were about to kill him. That would've been a mistake. Da'an wishes to study his kind. It was you, wasn't it? You had my wife murdered. You don't have to thank me. Don't worry, your wife never felt any pain. Mister Corr is... an artist. I first discovered the problem when I received my implant. Naturally, my wife immediately knew something was different. Dee Dee was never a genius, but after I received my CVI, she seemed so... ... infantile. Naturally, I lost further interest in her. Soon, she was whining about divorce, talking to her mother and sisters telling them how overnight I'd become some kind of monster! I had to put her away. You had your own wife killed? No. And that was my mistake. No, Dee Dee is alive in a sanitarium in Reston, A place the Bureau uses to warehouse people who can't be allowed in society. Informants... Psychopaths... No one should have to go through what I did. For months, it severely impaired my usefulness to the Companion. We aren't cut out for love, Boone. Not anymore. Come on, Boone, don't do this. Okay... Your faith in commander Boone seems well-placed. Truth. You feel more than you see. When first arriving on the surface, I may have expected the humans to be more compliant, malleable, like the game pieces on a field of Kalliol. You are finding them more wilful than you imagined? I find them... enigmatic. They are so capable of such beauty. Yet they brutalize each other with such intensity. But I suppose that is one of  the reasons we are here. Ms. Sandoval? Someone sent you some flowers. Orchids. Aren't they beautiful? You help me keep these watered. Do you know who sent them? No, ma'am, I'm sorry. They came without a card. Sorry, guys. You're gonna be okay. We're gonna be okay... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 