Earth: Final Conflict: Season 3, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Earth: Final Conflict 
 s3e11 - Interview - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Earth: Final Conflict (1997–2002): Season 3, Episode 11 - Interview - full transcript 
 Zo'or agrees to do a live television interview to try to endear himself to humans, but the show's producer has an ulterior motive in getting him in front of a camera. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Gene Roddenberry's Earth Final Conflict: We can coerce you to our will, but it's time-consuming and risks. I cannot win the hearts and minds of your race until I know them. I've got exploding rounds in here, and if don't give me the global, I'll use them. Miss Palmer has been following my orders to keep you as far away from here as possible. - You sound pretty involved. - Renee is running the show. Is there anyone who still believes that these gifts of the Taelons come without a price? These are the images the Doors campaign is putting out to the American people. And how, in your opinion, do we improve this image, Mr. Wagner? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I need to reposition your whole agenda. We need something warmer, more accessible. I am not losing this story. I think we already lost Jess. He's not dead yet. Do you see where it went down? Yeah, somewhere over there. This way. What the hell is it? It's anybody's guess, but it's obviously Taelon. I see Pulitzer written all over this. Then stop talking and set up the shot before CNN gets here. See if there is any sound coming off it. I'm picking up something. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What's it doing? I have no idea, but I'd start rolling tape if I were you. Subtitled by Axarion They have come to Earth with the promise of peace. An alien race called the Taelons. But, there are those who resist these Alien Companions. For the Taelons' true mission, the secrets they hide will forever alter our world. The fate of humanity now relies on those who dare challenge the future of Earth. - I am firing the entire staff. - Oh, yeah? What did they do now? Nothing! Nothing! That's the problem. Eli, somehow or other this show gets produced week in, week out. Well, God knows how, Shelley. Look, we have got less than three weeks to the season finale, and there's not a single concept in sight. I don't have time to watch re-runs. That's exactly my point. And neither does the audience. Meaning? What is the most seminal event of the 21st century? Perhaps, even of any century. The arrival of the Taelons. Oh, come on! We've done at least a dozen shows on the Taelons. No, I'm not talking about doing a show on the Taelons. What I'm talking about is interview a Companion live in our studio. What I'm talking about is taking Eli Hanson to the next level. Yeah, it's a great idea, but it's also an impossible idea. Maybe a couple years ago. But this station group is now a Doors subsidiary. Which means... they long-standing relationship with the Taelons. Give me Renee Palmer on the line. I can have an audience with the world any time I choose, Miss George. Yes, but how interesting is a news conference? And how many have you done in the last five years? What I am proposing is an interview unlike any other the Taelons have ever done. One that will bring you into homes of five billion people. And not with just some reporter, but with Eli Hanson, an acclaimed journalist who has won 3 Peabody Awards. One for his coverage of SI War. That is all very well. But I still fail to see the necessity of this broadcast. If I may, Zo'or. The Taelons' approval has declined significantly from a year ago. I'm sensing a downward trend, especially given all the problems with Volunteers lately. Would you excuse me for a moment? You okay? Yes, I'm fine. I'm so sorry. This idea of yours is intriguing, Miss George. Does that mean you'll think about it? I will be in contact. Renee, I told you before I don't want this interview to happen. Last thing the Resistance need is increasing Zo'or's public appeal. It's your problem, Liam, because it's going forward, that is if Zo'or comes around. Why are you pushing this so hard? If Hanson doesn't do this interview, someone else will. More importantly it legitimizes my position as a liaison between Doors International and Taelons. And gaining Zo'or's trust only benefits the Resistance in the long run.. You seem to be enjoying your little charade. Ditch your own charade before you start pointing fingers. I'm not the one protecting Companions day in, day out. You're not actually entertaining this idea? The security risk alone poses a serious problem. Personal safety is the least of my concerns. It is important that we avoid any situation that might make the Taelons and myself appear unfavorable in any way. Then I'll inform Ms. George that you'll be declining her offer. I'm not prepared to do that yet. Although, most humans perceive the Taelons as benevolent, we may have unintentionally created distance between our two species. Distance? By the fact that we live up here in this mothership, looking down upon your tiny blue planet. No one likes to be looked down upon, Agent Sandoval. Even metaphorically. The Eli Hanson Show might be the perfect venue to introduce some more human-friendly approach. What is it? There's been a security breach in the Taelon archive. - By whom? - I don't know yet. Have the entire security protocol reviewed and all passwords changed immediately. This strategy is more outrageous than anything Zo'or has attempted thus far. That's kind of ironic, don't you think? You've always encouraged Zo'or to reach out to humankind. - Now he's doing it. - But he does so with contempt. To him human beings will never be more than a sub-species. Look, I've already had my talk with Renee. Now it's time for you to do something. I have already taken the necessary steps. Now, it is up to the eyes and ears of your world. - Hello, Dr. Heller. - Shelley. So, how's it been functioning? It's time to adjust electromagnetic pulse. This should alleviate the pain, make you feel a little bit more comfortable. With all this energy radiating through my body, I could probably power a small city. Have you told your family? No. I'm waiting for some good news. So, how long do I have? Never mind. I mean, what's the difference? - I'm sorry. - Me, too. Well, you better get back to work, Doctor. - I'll see you soon. - Yeah. You have a call coming in form the mothership. Put it through. Zo'or. I hope you don't have disappointing news for me. On contrary, Miss George. I would be delighted to appear on your show. You have no idea what kind of impact this will have on the world. I'll need the list of all audience members so that my agents can prescreen them. I don't foresee that as a problem. Next. We'll need a 30 second delay to ensure that nothing goes on air that would make the Taelons look unfavorable. That point is non-negotiable. Live means live, gentlemen. Not 30 seconds later not a single second later. That's what makes the Eli Hanson show what it is. A standard bearer. We start changing the rules for the Taelons, then the public gets the feeling they're being manipulated. And we certainly wouldn't want Zo'or to give the impression that he requires special treatment. Also we'll need to rope off the entire parking lot for Zo'or's shuttle. And as further precaution... no one, no one other than my team will be permitted in the area. Oh, I think we can live with that. I understand a new security system was installed for this event. Yes, state of the art. We want Zo'or to feel absolutely secure, Major. Unfortunately the stage still poses a problem. I'm not sure I understand. There's only so much we can do to limit access. Which will make it difficult to protect if a fanatic form the audience tries to storm the dais. Oh, if that's what you're worried about, you can go on stage with him. We could even devote a few minutes to the man behind the Taelons. You mean I'll be on camera? Yes. And we'll even get a wardrobe to get you the new suit. I think we should do exactly as planned. It's a very important day. Excuse me, please. Let's move this. Come on. Up, up, come on. Let's go. - You're looking well, Shelley. - Not quite as well as you think. Maybe this will lift up your spirits. Not just my spirits, but hopefully the entire world's. Has Eli any idea what you're planning? Not a clue. Oh, well, what Eli doesn't know can only help him with his ratings. Have you found out what was taken from the archives yet? No, we're still searching the database. It's pretty vast. It seems like it practically goes back to the beginning of time. If this infiltration is connected to the Resistance, we should focus on the last five years. Keep me updated. We have a serious problem here, I just spotted Troy Sarrazin in the audience. Sarrazin, the anti-Taelon activist? The one Sandoval busted a couple years back. The hair is different, he's grown a goatee, but it's definitely him, the second row. - What if he has a weapon? - Sarrazin's not a terrorist. You're probably right, but are you willing to take a chance on this and people may get hurt because you failed to act? Agent Sandoval, it appears you have everything under control. Excuse me. Sir, would you mind coming with me? - What's this about? - You have to get out of here now, for your own safety. Back off, this prisoner's mine. Good work, Major. Get him out of here. There may be other extremists in the studio we still don't know about. Are you saying you can no longer guarantee my safety, Agent Sandoval? Yes. My advice is that you postpone this interview, at least for now. - I cannot do that. - But Zo'or... The Taelons will appear weak. Canceling this show only serves Sarrazin's kind. He would have won without even having a fight. That might be true, but for your own good, I urge you to walk away from this show. I am the Leader of the Synod, Agent Sandoval. I will not be intimidated by Troy Sarrazin or any other human being on this pitiable planet. Now, please welcome Eli Hanson! Thank you. I'm flattered. As you know, this is a very special night. Not just for me, but for the entire planet. I'm told that there are some 5 billion people watching this broadcast which is being televised live around the world. In fact, that seems appropriate given that our featured guest tonight is not from this world. It seems hard to believe that just 5 years ago the word Taelon was not even a part of our vernacular. Now these aliens seem so much a part of our daily lives it's hard to imagine the Taelons not always being here with us. From the very first moment the contact was made, these benevolent beings generously shared their knowledge with their new-found Earth friends, virtually eliminating the war, hunger, providing us with incredible advancements to battle against disease. But Taelons not only changed our lives, they also made living them better, with medical breakthroughs for the elderly and handicapped. The Taelons also work in cooperation with humanity on various joint ventures. The first of which was called The Second Chances, the Taelons' answer to the fountain of youth. The Taelons' next project was called Mneme, a technology which allowed us to relive our most cherished memories. What a memory. Metro League Championship, 1979. We're losing, 3 to nothing, bottom of the ninth. Two of our bases are loaded. I nailed it! Over the fence. It felt as amazing this time around as it did back then when I was 13! - What you've been up to? - Checking the numbers. We've get 82% viewership in our key markets, and Zo'or isn't even on stage yet. Before we meet our interviewed guest, we thought: why not get to know the man behind the Taelons? The person who constantly puts himself in harm's way to protect our alien friends. Now, the Portal Authority has been kind enough to install an inter-dimensional slip-stream into the studio which connects to the parking lot outside. It's not that far, but it's a hell of a way to travel. Please, welcome Companion Protector Ronald Sandoval. Tell us a little bit about your job, Agent Sandoval. I oversee the Companion Protection program, as well as the Volunteer Corps. Now, I understand that you and Zo'or arrived here in one of the Taelons' spectacular shuttles. That's right. So, perhaps, you can explain inter-dimensional travel to those in our audience still unfamiliar with the concept. Imagine distance between two points on a piece of paper. By crumpling the paper up, the distance between these two points becomes that much closer. ID Technology folds time and space, bringing departure and destination points closer together. Let's take a look at some footage. So, what happens if there's a crash? That's simple, the Taelon airbag protects the pilot like a crash bubble. - Thank you for joining us, Agent Sandoval. - Thank you. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the moment the world audience has been waiting for. It is difficult for the Taelons to believe that only 5 years have passed since we arrived on this beautiful blue planet. Don't you people know what they're gonna do?! We gotta stop them! We... Rednaser and Herlandez, I want you to escort this fanatic to the shuttle and make sure that nothing happens to him before he gets to the mothership. - Who's covering the stage? - This isn't up for discussion, Major. Did you authorized a lockdown? Of all the species in the cosmos, human and Taelon are unmistakably linked to a purpose even greater than either of us ever realize. Now, that I've got your attention... - Shelley, what the hell are you doing? - Taking over the show, Eli. I want the whole world to know just who the Taelons really are. I'm dying, Eli, I'm dying from exposure to Taelon radiation. I got it from one of their early space probes. What do you want? I'm eating. - Get down to the studio right away. - Why? Just turn on your television. Agent Sandoval, wherever you are, I won't hesitate to kill your dear Companion. Nobody fires until I give the signal. This device on my arm has been modified to send out an electromagnetic pulse more powerful than any known Taelon energy. You'll only kill yourself in the process, Ms. George. It doesn't concern me. I don't have a whole lot of time anyway. And Zo'or, I suggest you take a seat. You're gonna be here for a while. Come on, Shelley, let's talk about this, huh? Eli, this hero act of yours is not working. You know, maybe it's in you, to kill a Taelon, but I know I'd never hurt me. Eli, you've always had bad instincts. - You broke my leg! - Take heart. You just made the cover of People Magazine. Coming up for the next half hour, the darker side of the Taelons. The side they don't want you to see. I wanna make it clear that I mean no one in this audience any harm. Then why is it that you won't let them leave, Ms. George? These people here have nothing to do with it, yet you endanger their lives. The problem is if I let them leave, I have to let those Volunteers outside in, Agent Sandoval, and I just can't do that. Besides, I think they'd wanna stick around for this historic moment. - So, where are you? - Outside. Look, is there any way in? Hacking the security codes could take hours, that's more time than neither of us have. Well, Ms. George must be the connection to Sarrazin. No, Sarrazin was a pacifist, he wouldn't kill a Taelon no matter how much he hates them. Well, this is obviously their backup plan. Well, right now I'm more concerned with that device on her arm. It's a synaptic neuro-suppressor, it sends small electrical charges to her nervous system to control pain. She must have modified it somehow so she could use it as a weapon. Why don't we ran some of our own tapes? The uncut version. This footage is provided courtesy of the Taelons archives. I'm sure the Taelons have no objection to the truth. Unless, of course, you have something to hide. Why took you so long? Don't even start with me, okay? That woman can off Zo'or, for all I care. What I know is how did she get into the Taelons archives. It had to be an inside job. She must have paid off some Volunteer. There's a price for everything. - Yeah... - So, what did you find out? Well, I enhanced the EMP device from the image off the TV. It's definitely black market, a few people can even make a product like this. Yeah, and they get a fortune for it. - How dangerous is it? - Well, let's put it this way: For Zo'or's sake, I hope he's made peace with the Commonality. Let's talk about Julie Peyton, and all things the Taelons tried to hush up. We've been given a unique opportunity to spread our message. Let's not waste it. Reverend Mary. Julie, are you okay? Not really. What's the matter? Let's talk about Second Chances, and what was really behind this alien fountain of youth. I'll tell you. Planting false memories into people, and turning them into devoted followers with catastrophic consequences. Ladies and gentlemen, our very first transformation, the young and the beautiful, Pearl Bell. We are very excited to present to you today our first group that has just completed the transformation process. After the success of my transformation, this group was selected to demonstrate the effectiveness of the procedure across the broad range of races, ages, and sexes. What's the matter with you, people? You let the Taelons remake you?! And into what? You have no idea what they're doing to your bodies, and you're all encouraging this to happen! Are you all blind? You can't just see what they're doing to us? We're becoming toys for the Taelons! How dare you! The Taelons saved my father! No one's gonna touch them! No one! I'm measuring the intensity of the EMP's electromagnetic field. What is it? Well, I don't know if Ms. George knows it, but... If she pulls the trigger on Zo'or, she'll be taking the studio audience with her. Nice. Live, for the whole world to see. Let's turn to Mneme technology. And this was supposedly a way for people to re-experience their most sacred memories. But what was the Taelons' real motivation behind this benevolent gift? Blackmail. My only desire is to make you a friend, Mayor Duboi. For instance, you told a national viewing audience that you were reliving a baseball game. As your friend, I know what you were really reliving. Publicly, you embrace family values. Yes, this is good. Yes, this is nice. This is good. This is nice, this is nice... Privately... you embrace teenage prostitutes. I find the contrast fascinating. You set me up! I was right about you sexless freaks the whole time. You're gonna blackmail the Senate, and the UN, too? My intention was only to understand your kind. That you are species of liars and cheats. It's convenient. Augur doesn't think we can neutralize the EMP pulse. But he's working on getting the portal back online. Well, I have some bad news myself. I just found a suicide note on Shelley's computer. She's gonna go through with it, Liam. She's gonna kill us all. You know, even if we get this working, which is pretty iffy, - What are you gonna do then? - I don't know yet. Well, you better know. The Taelons claim they don't want to be worshipped. Then why are they behind the Church of the Companions? And let's not forget about the Taelons' quasi police force, known as Volunteers. I believe we have some shots of these stormtroopers in action. Silent! It's obvious the Taelons are preparing us to fight a war that isn't even our own. If you're after the truth, Ms. George, why not have a real dialogue? Instead of filling the publics mind with Resistance propaganda. It's working. What happened? - The slip stream's not holding. - Well, make it hold. Look, this is crazy, Liam, and so is this ridiculous idea of yours. - Why? - Because it's too dangerous. Think about it, you have 2 seconds to portal in there and get to Shelley before she uses the pulse on Zo'or and maybe even you. What makes you think I won't stop her first? Liam, she's going to have to practically be right next to the portal for it to work. I'm open to suggestions. You know, I hate to burst your bubble, but the chances of you being able to contain an EMP blast is highly unlikely, - If not impossible. - Wait, wait, wait, that's it. - I'm not following. - Virtual glass bubble from the shuttle. If anything could contain an explosion, that Taelon airbag. Even though the experiment with Julie Payton failed, those two days she had hands were some of the best moments of her life. Approach Shelley from the north-west corner of the stage. I want you to distract her away from the portal. That might buy me a couple more seconds. How do you rationalize Second Chances? Humankind has been searching for the fountain of youth since before Ma'el ever set foot on your planet. We were merely trying to help you realize your dream. Are you sure this thing will activate on impact? There's no guarantees. - How about activating it remotely? - No, not possible. See, your only chance is to get her to fire on you thereby simulating a shuttle accident. - You don't think I have a chance, do you? - Well, there's always a chance. This just isn't a very good one. The Jaridians destroyed your own home world. Is that what you want for Earth? Since I sympathize with what you're going through... I'll kill him! Then you'll kill everyone in this studio as well. What are you talking about? That weapon on your arm is far more dangerous than I think you even realize. - I don't believe you. - Why would I lie? Because you believe in the Taelons and you believe in him. ID pathway's almost ready. Whether I believe or not, isn't the point. I found the note in your office. On my mark. Steady. You said you don't want to hurt anyone, Shelley, I'm only asking that you keep your promise. Look at what you've already accomplished. Steady. You showed people another side of the Taelons. You kill Zo'or, all you do is turn him into martyr. No. Do you want that? Now! Very impressive, Major. It seems like you scored a few points with Zo'or yourself. The electromagnetic field is expanding. That bubble's gonna release all the trapped energy back into the studio. - Zo'or, through the portal. - There is no time for that. I think you have better get me back to the mothership, Agent Sandoval. You knew all along that EMP blast couldn't harm you. Shelley's life wasn't wasted. She showed the public another side of the Taelons. Public? They see what they wanna see. What did they see? That Zo'or's a hero, thanks to you. Arthur, come back on me, come on. Bring me in for close-up. Come on! Ladies and gentlemen, what we have seen today has been live and unedited. And what we have been witnessed to tonight has been a clear indication of what the Taelons had done, and what they will continue to do for humanity. Our new-found friendship, despite the ravings of a very small minority, will helps us to understand that we are no longer stand alone as a species in the center of the moral universe. Eli Hanson. You think anyone knows it was you who gave me that footage from the Taelon archives? No. Zo'or suspects it was the work of some disgruntled Volunteer. And now that Shelley is dead, and I'm as good as, do you think it was worth it? I guess only time will tell. If indeed Earth has the time. Subtitled by Axarion 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 