Earth: Final Conflict: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Earth: Final Conflict 
 s1e5 - Old Flame - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Earth: Final Conflict (1997–2002): Season 1, Episode 5 - Old Flame - full transcript 
 Da'an opens a new music conservatory as a gift from the Taelon synod. It is meant as a place where both Taelons and Humans can communicate as one. For the occasion, Elyse Chapel, a famous musician, performs on the Taelon 'tubes', a musical instrument that even few Taelons are able to master. She and Boone had a relationship in the past and Elyse seems interested in renewing it. She also wants his opinion on the request of the Companions to run the conservatory. Meanwhile three pounds of fissionable plutonium are stolen from a truck transport coming from the Granite Canyon Nuclear plant. Sandoval sees it as a threat to Da'an and Boone tries to do his best to concentrate on the matter. All he can think about however is Elyse. Lili gets suspicious and asks Augur for help. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Here you go. Thanks. You look lovely for a marine. Well, you look lovely too. Gee, thanks. I think... Not my first choice of work clothes. Relax, Commander. Anything happens I'll handle this. And won't you soil your collar button. Here we go. We're on. Excuse me. They're ready for you now. My friends! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Music remains the one language which our two cultures, otherwise so alien, can share without translation. The Taelon Synod seeks to honour your musicians with this gift of a music conservatory. Where a human and Companion can communicate as one. Tonight I present a true first. One of your musicians, supremely gifted, has mastered the Taelon instrument Valu'tulah. In your tongue "tubes". So difficult are they to play few even on our planet has attained such mastery. She has created a unique sound. One which has deeply touched us. Music which will travel to our home planet for all Taelons to share. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I present Elyse Chapel. Three years ago they came forever altering the future of humanity. Subtitled by Axarion Will! Elyse. Oh, God, it's so good to see you! It's good to see you. Your music was... as beautiful as anything I've ever heard. Thank you. You are welcome. I'm here for the week. Do you think we might find some time together? I... Well, when Da'an's in town my time really isn't my own. There's a lot I want to say to you. I hope you'll give me the chance. Can you get away tonight? Okay. Perhaps we may share in your history. Mister Boone was a... a consultant to the UN. And I was a harpist with the New York Symphony. We were young and very much in love. I couldn't tell if you were happy to see me tonight. I just... Wishing you were somewhere else. The day we met I was honest about coming back here someday. And I was honest about tour with the Symphony. - Yeah, but when you walked out... - When I walked out? Ok, stop... Shall we start again? Yes. I thought about you a million times over the years. Yeah?.. But you got married... Yeah. You never got married? No. When I heard your wife died I cried for you. I loved her. Deeply and truly. Kate and I had something unique. But so do we, Elyse. I guess I never really faced that until tonight. Companions advise me to move here... to run a new conservatory. You're serious? But I won't do it unless you want me here. - This is way too fast... - But not for me. Just think about it, ok? Most people never get a second chance, Will. Ok... Warning! Radiation detected! Check out the front. Looks like it's all clear here. Checking the van. Hack of a night! You left before you gave any details. Good morning to you too. Well? There is nothing else to say. Elyse said all last night. It happened a long time ago. It shouldn't play that way. You left before Da'an. Sandoval had it covered. The conservatory was completely secured. Just remember: Companions must always be your number one concern. How can I forget? You seemed quite enthralled with last night's performance, Boone. Does anybody have anything else to talk about today? Will! Yeah! Go, Bob. The truck leaving The Granite Canyon Nuclear Plant was hijacked this morning. Casualties? None. Just few injuries to the security detail. Cargo? Three pounds of fissionable plutonium bound for disposal. This is a threat to Da'an. Boone, why don't you have the crisis team with Lt. Morovski? Time of theft, Bob? Probability the material is still within the city limits? Very high. In fact, we estimate... Seal the city. Max alert status. Locate traffic checkpoints at all major thoroughfares, pedestrian checkpoints in high traffic centres. Go. Right. Capt. Marquette, you'll take National Airport, I'll handle Metro Transit. I'll seal off the Lake Front. Bob. Yes, Will? Am I correct in assuming that you've already secured Metro Transit? First thing we did. Good. Keep me informed. You bet, Capt. Hi! Hey! Can... can I come in? Yeah. Thanks. Look... I couldn't sleep last night. No. I couldn't neither. I've been thinking. Let me get through this, please. My wife has only been gone for two months. I understand that. No, I... I don't think you do... The whole time I was married to Kate I never even looked at another woman. I never had to. No interest. But last night when I saw you again... everything changed for me. I think we both need a little more time. No, I... I don't need any more time. Me feelings for you are the same as when we first met and we first fell in love. I want you to run a conservatory, I want you here... I want that second chance. It's not gonna work... I'm sorry. I'm sorry to put you in this horrible position. But it's just not gonna work. Could you leave, please? Airport is secure, all passengers and cargo are subjected to Class 1 search procedure. Sandoval? The docks are secure, if your harbour authority is up to the task. Metro Transit continues on the maximum alert. Metro system has the most exit points that are highly vulnerable. Yeah, I know. Where are you getting at? If Metro's resources are inadequate we can supplement a deployment with federal personnel. We already thought about that. I'm satisfied with the coverage. All right. I'll pick Da'an on our progress. You just lied to him! After I secured the Airport I checked that Metro Transit and you never showed up! Morovski had it covered. What the hell is wrong with you? Does Doors has any involvement with this theft? No, we have no use for plutonium. Prepare the shuttle. We're going to D.C. The woman I met and had a relationship with prior to... my marriage... has re-entered my life and... my feelings for her are so... intensified that... I find it impossible to focus on anything else. Congratulations! I think... Can a CVI be causing this reaction? Well, it's hard to say. In a normal implant such reaction would indicate a malfunction. Sandoval's motivational imperative, for example, is to serve only the Companions. But you reengineered that component out of mine. Exactly. Which theoretically leaves you free to love. For better or worse. I can tell you, Doctor, it's for worse. I... I can't even do my work right now. I... My feelings for her are just so... ah, intense! I can think of only... Elyse! Fascinating. Absolutely fascinating... If an unregulated CVI can warp a positive emotion like love... then what could it do to hate or anger? Would you object if I ran some tests? For what? I don't know... until we get in there and look around. Your brain is organically incorporating the CVI in your systems. Exactly as planned. Then what is it that causing these emotions and reawakening these lost feelings? I don't think you understand. I need your help. Your CVI appears to be functioning normally. Will? What are you doing? What the hell are you doing? You thrust yourself back in my life and then you pull out with no explanation!? Boone. Metro Depot. Kolvez and Varefield just registered unusually high radiation readings. All trains are on hold. I'm 15 away. I'm 2 minutes from the location. Proceeding immediately. You stay here! Attention, ladies and gentlemen! We're inspecting a mechanical problem with a track switcher. Metro Transport appreciate your patience. Thank you and have a good day. Metro Police? Yeah! What platform? Where, where? Police! Stop! Get down! Get down! Stay put! I'm Police! Covering fire! Will! Elyse, get out of here! Get back! Let me go! Let her go! Don't even think about it! Are you all right? Seal the exits! Ok. You two, follow me! Go! I will go... Augur! Boone's friend, Lili! Youward. You said I can come back. I don't initiate those invitations lightly. Long night? Not long enough. Can we talk? Bienvenido. Mi casa es tu, Capt. Not your style, mon amour? Not my colour. You like? I need your skills. But I don't have a cash card. Do you think I need your cash card? Sorry. Boone might be in some trouble and I think you can help. I think asking me to help you would be a better approach. Ok, fine. Then help me... if you can. I need you to look into somebody for me. Her name is Elyse Chapel. She... She plays the tubes. She held a concert last night for a group of VIPs of the conservatory. You and Boone were there. Nice dress. Like a memento... It's a pretty hot item. I've moved quite a few today. Here is the only information I was able to get there discreetly. Their security codes. But they're probably out of date. She and Boone have a past. There's something not quite right. We need to keep this between you and I. I'll contact you. Today is... I'm just so happy. What? What is it? Nobody can take today away from us. Today is over. Elyse, don't do this to us. Tell me what this is about. I don't want to hurt you. No, I won't accept that. You have to tell me what this is about. It's about this. Look at you. You might as well be wearing a leash and collar. I don't care how much good the Taelons have done. This is about you and me. We don't have to have anything to do with the Taelons. I'll fight their presence on our planet... or die trying. - Good morning! - Morning... Any progress? Let's assume they're not gonna try the metro again. Air or water would be nearly impossible. And they're not gonna pass a pedestrian checkpoint with a suitcase. So, they'll have to drive through it. Right. I just finished talking to Morovski... I asked him what the eight weakest vehicular checkpoints in the city were. Gonna beef them up? No. We're going to lessen security. Yeah, this definitely worth a shot. Are you ok? Elyse feel the way we do. What?! She doesn't trust the Companions. - You didn't tell her that... - No, not yet. Boone, you we not thinking clearly! How? Why would she tell me? Why would she risk everything telling me her true feelings? Why would she risk her career, our relationship, her life? Ok. You gotta take a big step back. Kate's been gone how long... Don't you dare govern here! You don't have the right! By the way, the security codes that you gave me, they were out of date ten minutes after you lifted them. What do you got? Well... Turns out... that Boone's paramour... is on the FBI parole out of D.C. You sure? Are you ever going to trust me? There are several statistical matches on key categories. I even provide Bureau photos. Now how is that for service? I have to get this to Boone immediately. Have you been excused? Don't push me, Augur! Fine! I guess you don't want to see the piece de resistance? Worth to wait? Where did you go? Augur's. What for? This. So... So she has an FBI profile. She was offered a high profile position with the Companions. It makes sense to me. It's not just an FBI file. She's an operative. They only want her to run a music conservatory. Why the hell would she need to be an operative? That's not indicated here. That doesn't fly. Fine. Let's play either theory. The Companions find a woman. She's a world-class musician. She has a full-time career, she's touring, she's teaching and she's learning how to play a musical instrument that no human being has ever learnt how to play before. This woman also happens to be the lost love of my life? They work with her... they bring her here... to betray me? For what? What's your theory? She's deep in conflict and she cares enough for me to trust me with her secret. When you tell her your true feelings about the Companions you're gonna be completely vulnerable. Elyse is completely vulnerable. She's the one who's walking around out there right now terrified of what I'm gonna do. What I'm not gonna do is leaving her twisting in the wind. This is a file on two FBI operatives: Anna Green and Elizabeth Baker. Skip the profile, just look at the pictures. This wasn't her first assignment. Will. Will, you there? Go, Bob. It worked. We got action on data about those eight vehicle checkpoints. Go on. We got the most hits regarding the Charing Cross checkpoint up in the north-eastern. What is the chatter? Well, the first guy said there was a truck of a deadline and... wanted one of the fastest checkpoints. I assume you responded. Yep, just like you said. I told them the Charing Cross checkpoint was the weakest and the best time to hit it was just before six when the shift changes and the day guards just want to go home. Good work, Bob. I get there as soon as I can. I will help you on this. You already have. Anything interesting? No, nothing yet. Where to today, sir? Akron. Third ship this week. You could've let me to Columbus at least once. What's your business? Telecommunications. Where's your logbook? Let's have a look. Bob, he's right in front of you. You do what you do and stay cool. Coming up behind. Ok, go slow. Gun! Put your hands up! Hands up in the air! Out of the car! Out of the car! That's it! Mind if I come in? No, please, do. What are you staring at? My photo albums on disk. My memories of Elyse are more powerful than any memories I have. But... Well, take a look at this. Jill Vako, prom night, high school. Nice white tux. Oh, those were the days... Karen Ross, my girlfriend in college. She gave me Sash, she went sophomore, had it for eleven years right through New York. My mother kept every letter I ever wrote to her. My dad gave them back to me after she died, I put them all on disk. I told her everything in those letters. I can't find... a single trace of Elyse anywhere. And this is the period when you two were together? Yeah. I was in New York less then a year. Here. Here's the one birthday I spent in New York. - Where's Elyse? - I don't know! Ok, just ah... dig deeper. All right? Work with your CVI and try to remember where she was. What? Come on, Boone. Talk to me. She was there for my birthday. But she's not in the photo. She wasn't here, because she and I celebrated my birthday at Tavern on the Green. I have yet to hear such a melody of anguish. It's the instrument. It doesn't let you hide anything. And what might you wish to hide? I already don't know anymore. - Hey! - Good morning! Japan apple breakfast. Thank you. While ago you told me then once I got to know you I never again question your loyalty. I know you better now. And you were right. Thank you. Dr. Belman is already on this. No one, well, no human, knows more about CVIs than she does. Boone! You wanted to see me? Yes. How is your interrogation of the two plutonium thieves progressing? The enquiry has been completed. They were acting on their own. They had precise information about the details of that shipment. That level of intelligence suggests heist to a larger organization. Yes. We had the same suspicion, but we found no evidence to support such heist. If those three were acting alone when they took down that disposal truck both strings security at the plant should be the first door to business. - Yes. - Yeah. Absolutely right. I didn't know what to expect nothing hear from you yesterday. I kept thinking you were going to show up and arrest me. Well, knowing that I work for the Companions you took a huge chance in confiding me. I know. Now we're both in great danger. But I'm doing the right thing in working against the Companions. I can't do it. I can't turn my back on you, Elyse. Remember... Remember what we promised each other on that night on the ferry coming back from the Statue of Liberty? I remember. What? I've never been to the Statue of Liberty in my life... with you or anyone else. We have no past, do we? I'm sorry. In fact until this week we never laid eyes on each other, did we? The Companions have been so good to me. They needed my help. I said I'd play a role for them. I just never counted on you. How many others assignments have you fallen in love with? This is my third assignment and my last. None of the others ever touched me on any level. Whatever else you might think, Will, believe me I am in love with you. You remember Ms. Chapel? She's confessed to me to be working against Companion interests and said she'd continue to do so. Security! I recommend she be questioned. When did you become aware of Ms. Chapel's beliefs? Two days ago. Why did you delay in coming to us? I kept Ms. Chapel under close surveillance to determine if she'd make contact with any others as like believers. There was no reason to keep this information from us. Implanting memories is a very effective tool to test the function of the CVI. Explain your meaning. Only a properly functioning CVI could overwrite strong personal passions with the stronger need to serve the Companions. How might an implant learn that we have been tempering with his memory? I accessed CVI enhanced images of my life during the time that I was supposedly with Ms. Chapel. Those images were inconsistent with photos from my family album. I deduced that my memories of Ms. Chapel have been included in my CVI programming as a sort of... quality control tests of my implant. This is a remarkable achievement, Commander. No previous implant has ever had the insight to look within himself in this way. You orchestrated the theft of the plutonium to gauge my efficiency in the face of the emotional turmoil over Ms. Chapel. That's correct. In order for the exercise to be valued we had to ensure that the stakes were high. You had me kill a man... Just part of an exercise? We didn't anticipate the level of your emotional reaction to Ms. Chapel. Does this truly serve Companion interests? Commander. I have come to realize that such sacrifices may be necessary in the course of developing Human-Taelon bond. How you doing? Fine. Thanks for everything. You know, I've never felt so violated. It's the worst thing they could've done to me. They invaluated... everything. My humanity... No. If you believe that then they've already won. I believe they can rearrange our minds now whenever and however they want. We've never faced an enemy like them before. You sensed right from the beginning that something was wrong. How? Well, when I saw you fall so hard and fast for Elyse soon after Kate's death I ah... Well, it's just not that Will Boone I've come to know. Instinct, I guess. Your instincts saved my life. Thanks. Won't be the last time. - Ok. - Here. From Augur. Good night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 