Generation Kill: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Generation Kill 
 s1e2 - The Cradle of Civilization - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Generation Kill (2008): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Cradle of Civilization - full transcript 
 Under orders to consider any Iraqi carrying a weapon hostile, Bravo busts north towards Nasiriyah. Chomping at the bit while others are carrying the fight, the platoon finally gets 'lit up'... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Victors, be advised, we are rolling freaks to tack one-one-niner at 1400 Zulu. How copy? Roger. Two-Two copies all. Interrogative: I need crypto. Do you know who's got the CYZ? I'm pretty sure I lost my fill. Over. Negative. I don't know a damn thing. All Hitman Two Victors, keep tight dispersion when linking up with the column. Make sure other units don't get mixed in. Yes, we are the conquering heroes. - Whoa, check it out. - Look at this, gents. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Little more than 48 hours into the war, and the First Marine Division out of Camp Pendleton, Oceanside, California, is rolling with impunity on Saddam's highways. This sucks. We were on point in front of the whole invasion. Now we're back in the traffic jam. Trombley, how dare you question the strategic plan? Oh my God, look at this. "Angry American. " Aw, "Get some"? "Don't tread on me"? "Let's roll"- fuck, man. I hate that fucking cheesy moto bullshit. Ray, when you're right, you're right. You know, it's like that song- "When stars and stripes and eagles fly"? Fuck, man, eagles fly in Canada too. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When we got back from Afghanistan my mom tried to play me that song and I was all, "Fuck no, Mom. I'm a Marine. I don't need to fly a little fucking patriotic flag on my car to show that I'm patriotic. " That song is straight homosexual country-music Special Olympic gay. "Nasiriyah. " 40 kliks. Hey, Q-Tip? Your truck's all blinged out. How you gonna refuel it? Echo-Four-Pot-Pie, I think that Haji's getting sweet on you. Brad, this fucking sucks! We're in the rear with the fucking chicks, the supply trucks and the Haji truckers. We trained for that bridge mission for six fucking weeks and they take it right out from underneath of us. Yeah, I'll be mad if this war ends before we get a chance to get in it. Drop down here, my little brown friend. Missions are always getting fragged. We're Marines. We obey our orders. Our mission now is not to do our original mission. Semper Gumby- always flexible. Are we supposed to put our cammie nets up or what? See where that education goes? I'm taking a shit. Hitman Two-One-Alpha, this is Hitman-Two. Over. Standing by to copy. Over. I need Two-One Actual on the hook. Over. Two-One Actual is... on a mission. Taking a dump. First combat dump in country. Over. Two-One, when he returns, have Two-One Actual contact me. Over. Roger that. Hey, Captain sir! Where'd you get that nice looking AK? Part of a cache we found in a culvert near where we took those prisoners. Well-oiled, pretty clean. Not bad for a third-world army. Corporal, stow this next to my seat. Gotta be prepared. Never know when you might need an AK. That's why you're in charge, sir. Captain America, man! Yeah yeah, I got it. To think I believed the judge when he told me the Marine Corps was a superior alternative to jail. I should have shut up and done my time. I don't want none of you ladies moping and crying. Mustaches gots to go now. Hey, turd! Scrape that hippy shit off your lip. Screwby. Are you mocking the grooming standard, Stafford? Naw, Sergeant Major. It's screwby. I wants to see clean purty smiles before we step off. - Good dump, Sergeant? - Excellent. Shit my brains out. Not too hard, not too runny. It sucks when it's runny and you have to wipe 50 times. That's not what I'm talking about. If it's too hard or too soft, something's not right. You might have a problem that affects combat readiness. And it should be a little bit acid, Trombley. Burn your asshole a little when it comes out. Maybe on your little bitch asshole, Ray, from all the cock that's been stuffed up it. Man, we Marines are so homoerotic. It's all we talk about. You ever realize how homoerotic this whole thing is? LT wants to see you, Brad. Oh shit, homes. I forgot to tell you he was on the radio for you. I'm sorry. Garza, how are your legs? They all right standing in that turret all day? Good, Gunny. I'm Mexican- too hard to feel nothing from that. I got retard strength. I got good news, guys. We're staying here on 25% watch. That means three of you get to sleep a couple hours. Sleep? What kind of fucked-up war is this? It's not good. Cas-evac bird's been going back and forth since sundown. Sir, the fucking army declared Nasiriyah secured. It was on the net. Whatever's going on up there, it doesn't sound to me like we've secured anything. - Hey, reporter! - What? If you lay with your cock against the ground as the tank goes by, it feels fucking great. Come on, do it! - You're dismissed. - Hey, Rudy! - I forgot my baby wipes. - Use your hand, you nasty thing. Come here and wipe my ass, you heartless fuck. I'm fucking ashamed, dawg. Back in Afghanistan we didn't leave a speck of Americana behind. Brah, could you imagine if Hajis invaded our country and started shitting in people's suburban yards? Not really. You guys in Alpha getting some? Same as you dick smokers in Bravo. Oh shit, look. Cody's got a diary. - Get some, brah. - Hey, man, give it back. No, listen listen. "Leading men into battle is my calling. " Not bad, Corporal. "Since I was young, I felt drawn to the warrior society. " That's a little gay. "Our minions are-" Jeez. "Our minions are rolling"? John, he just called you a minion. - "The people here live like rats. " - Give it! "Hopefully what we are doing will lead them to a better life. " Your calling wasn't to be a warrior, man, it was to be a fucking retard. ...captured American soldiers, some of them apparently wounded. The channel says the Americans were members of the army supply unit and were ambushed outside Nasiriyah. And in fierce fighting in that city, U.S. Marines were said to have suffered heavy casualties. I heard the Hajis are faking surrenders and using civilians to trick Marines. I don't fucking believe it. How did so many of us get hit? Here we sit with our thumbs up our asses while Marines are dying a few kliks up the road. Why the fuck are there Iraqis walking through our lines? Why the fuck is there nobody up on our guns? Come on. Jacks, get up in the turret. You guys got any oil? Brad? We've got orders to bust north to Nasiriyah, support the regimental combat team there. And there's been a change in the R.O.E.: Anyone with a weapon is declared hostile. If a woman walks away from you with a weapon on her back, shoot her. If an armed Iraqi sells Good Humor out of the back of a VW, shoot him. I don't care if you hit him with a 40mm grenade. - Roger that, sir. - Let's get radio checks going. Gear up, gents. Move it out! Close your fucking flak vest. Where's your delta tourniquet? Come on, Trombley. Fucking keep it... here. - Where the fuck did you get this? - What? - eBay. - eBay? - Christopher? - Yeah, Doc? - You got rigger tape? - Yeah, sure. Thank you, sir. Get your vehicles crossed to miker-5. I got this. And this lunatic doesn't even know he's in Iraq. Thinks he's a superhero from some Japanese comic. Hey, I put on my superhero uniform every day I'm in the Corps, brother. Hoorah. Now we find our true dharma. Mike, Red-Con One in five. Let's get it on! Budweiser, we got our call signs straight? - Fucking rule. - Hey, Leon, I thought you were Mexican? I am. Then why aren't you loud and stealing my shit? Let's go. Here comes the Marines, motherfuckers. Look out. - Whoo! - Fucking POG. - What's a POG? - Persons Other than Grunts. Rear echelon guys- pussies. All Hitman Two Victors be advised we are now departing friendly lines. TLs ensure that all weapons are condition one. Brass-check all weapons. Godfather, this is Raptor. We're taking... arms fire... east. Alpha's in contact ahead. We're prosecuting targets with Cobras. A supply company- army. Oh damn. And we ain't in the city yet. Godfather, this is Hitman Actual. Interrogative: do you want Bravo to push to the river's edge and link up with Alpha? Over. Hitman, this is Godfather. Negative. Take an overwatch position and stand by for possible cas-evacs. Victors, all Victors, get out of your vehicles and take cover. Our sister company is finally in this war. - Out of the vehicles. - Gotta stay off the- How come Alpha gets to pop their cherry and we don't? They have their mission, we have ours. Love this shit! We's in the middle of it now, boys! Garza, get your stupid ass down! Ain't nothing for you to shoot at. - Fuck this shit, for sure. - Sir, how long do we have to sit up here with our nuts out getting shot at before RCT One goes into the town? Brad, we sit here with our nuts exposed but when RCT One assaults over the bridge and we go in behind to get their casualties, we get our nuts blown completely off. Alpha's getting smacked pretty good down there. Shall we dig in, sir? That's not a bad idea. LT! Those grunts from RCT One are taking fire from across the river. Shit, Marine arty. - Corpsman! - That was friendly. - Sir, request going- - Go! I'm hit, I'm hit. Hey, buddy. I'm gonna give you a bandage. That okay? Push it on the wound. You keep steady pressure. It's gonna be all right. Check for breathing. Stop the bleeding. I want to hear reports. Head wounds, chest wounds, bleeders. You guys see where that shot came from? Godfather, this is Assassin Actual. Over. This is Godfather. Send traffic. Over. Interrogative: request permission to engage unarmed targets, suspected enemy forward observers. Over. Stand by, Assassin. I'll confer with division. Division approves change in the R.O.E. Assassin, this is Godfather. Change in the R.O.E. is approved. You are approved to destroy unarmed targets suspected as spotters. How copy? Solid copy. Out. We're cleared hot on civilian targets, regardless of whether they're armed. If they're spotting those mortars, take them the fuck out. Roger that. Be 100% sure that these Marines- Sir, it's Colonel Dowdy from RCT One with General Mattis. They're up by the MSR. With the resistance we're seeing, I'm concerned that initiating- The question is why the fuck am I standing here looking at a fucking bridge that doesn't have my Marines rolling across it. Sir, we're 30 mikes from initiating the armored assault to engage the enemy along the MSR through the city. Our problem has been refueling the tanks. Not only "No," Colonel, but "Fuck no. " Okay? I don't give a rat's ass about the resistance in the city. Your mission is to punch through the city, put RCT One north of it where our objectives are. This is just a fucking sideshow. You had 7,000 Marine riflemen who have been ready to go for the past 24 hours, and you're standing here with your foot on your dick. No check that- not your dick, my dick. Godfather, hold your Marines back for now. When Colonel Dowdy here sees fit to unfuck himself and push through this fucking shithole I'll turn First Recon loose. That'd be my Alpha company taking out their spotters. I'd expect this mortar fire to stop shortly, sir. How's it going? They shot one of my Marines in the stomach- out there. We returned fire, blew a donkey's head off. We didn't see much else. Hey, buddy, do you need anything? Food, water... It's all good, bro. Expect a fight. Expect casualties when we push through Nasiriyah. Task Force Tarawa has been in that city for 36 hours getting chopped up pretty good while we sit here with the Regimental Combat Team, nursing our thumbs with our assholes. Gentlemen, what does Ferrando think? We have allowed the enemy to dictate the tempo of our movements. If it were up to Ferrando we would not have stopped at the bridge this afternoon. We'd be through that city. But the good news is once we clear the Euphrates... General Mattis informs me that we are going to be in the game, gentlemen. And when we play, we, not the enemy, are going to dictate the tempo. Once we're over the river, we're going to detach from the RCT, push north and flank or destroy anyone who tries to stop us. All right, that's it for now, gentlemen. He didn't say anything about the grooming standard. Is he giving us a pass on our men not shaving? I'd interpret what he said to mean facial hair is not going to be our focus for the next 24 hours. 50% of Americans are obese. You know what obese means, right? Fat as a motherfucker. All these other countries, nobody's fat. Think about that shit, dawg. How does a motherfucker get fat? You gotta sit on a couch, do nothing but eat and watch TV all day. White trash, poor Mexicans and blacks- all obese as motherfuckers. The white man has created a system with so much excess, even poor motherfuckers are fat. A few years ago, dawg, I refused a diploma from my community college. - What? - I didn't want no piece of paper from the white master saying I was qualified for his world. - Huh. - Then I joined the Corps. Figured you can't beat 'em, join 'em. See, that's what this is all about, dawg. The U.S. should just go into all these fucked-up countries, Iraq, Africa, set up American government and infrastructure- McDonald's, Starbucks, MTV- then just hand it all over. How else are we going to make these hungry motherfuckers want to stop killing everybody? Put a McDonald's on every fucking corner. If we've got to blow up the corner then build the McDonald's, so be it. Enough lecture on the white man's oppression. I need my assistant team leader for a meeting with the LT. I was just elucidating on the white man's burden, dawg. - Now, Poke. - You know I'm rollin' wit you. - Come on. - Thanks, man. What? Just wanted to get one last cigarette before we all die. BBC had that U.S. Army convoy hit here. Captured 11 soldiers. Showed them on Arab TV. Abusing them on TV. Shit, they raped the one woman soldier. They broke her bones and then raped her. It was on Al Jazeera. News for you, gents, this neck of desert, when they capture soldiers, not just the women get raped. In your dreams, Brad. As we learned today from the eight hours we spent getting our asses shot at by the Euphrates, the enemy's got some fight in him. I have no word on our mission, but I assume we're going into Nasiriyah. Those are all cas-evac birds. Word is that Task Force Tarawa's taken 200 casualties in that city. Any idea when we might get tasked with going in? Godfather's meeting with company commanders right now. You all take advantage of the time now to have your men get some shut-eye. LT, what's the skinny on who we're fighting in the city? All I saw today were those guys in black pajamas- irregulars. The Fedayeen. Guys in pajamas stopped two Marine regiments? You know, Poke, guys in black pajamas did all right in Vietnam too. You gotta respect the pajamas. From the amount of arty we're putting down, I don't think we'll have as much to worry about when we go through. What's the population here? I've heard 400,000. Scratch a few off that number. Gunny and I are going over to Godfather's position, see what's coming down to the captain. What about James Alvarez Trombley? - That's stupid. - You're stupid! Change of personnel. Gabe, you're swapping with Hasser. You've got more experience on the Fifty cal. - It's fine with me. - Hasser! - Yeah? - I'm trading you for a Mexican. - You're in Brad's truck now. - Good to go. Oh, hey, Gabe! Do you have the photograph of my girlfriend - I was showing to Person the other day? - No. - I think I gave it to Leon. - Leon? You let these plebeians look at a photograph of your girlfriend? Hey, Walt, can you keep it down? I'm having trouble hearing the artillery. ...then we have to play the game harder. - Godfather said that. - Was the colonel any more specific - about our orders than that? - Godfather told us the mustache-growing contest had nothing to do with building morale. Before the war began, Division G2 had covert asset intel that Iraqis planned to infiltrate our units. The mustaches were part of the general's plan to uncover enemy infiltrators. So if you see a Marine with a mustache from now on, he might be an Iraqi. So no more mustaches. But the men don't have to shave tonight. Oh yeah. Bravo's on point when we roll through Nasiriyah and then break from the main force. On point? In broken-down unarmored Humvees. They should change our name to First Suicide Battalion. We need to make sure the stupidity in this company doesn't roll down too hard on our guys. - What about just James Trombley? - Aw, come on. Trombley, you should name your kid Jesus. I mean, your wife's Mexican. Fucking Mexicans do it all the time. That's what's cool about knocking up a Mexican girl- she could drop a Jesus. Never have kids. In fact, Trombley, you should never have gotten married. Women will always cost, but marriage is the most expensive way to go. If you want to pay for it, go to Australia. For a hundred bucks you can order a whore over the phone. Half an hour later she arrives at your door- fresh and hot, like a pizza. 2000 hours Zulu time we go in. Hitman Two is leading the battalion. - Your vehicle's on point for all of us. - Yes, sir. Once we cross the Euphrates, expect contact from both sides. Task Force Tarawa Amtracs- looks like a CAAT team, straight-leg grunt platoon. Gotta be careful about blue-on-blue contact. Any potential targets we see within 300 meters of our position, double-check to make sure they're not friendly. Hey, what time local is 2000 Zulu? 2300 hours. It'll be dark- to our advantage. True, sir... if we had enough batteries to power our night optics. - Turn everything on when we move. - I'm just glad they had the wisdom to push us through at night. I'm assured that we will be crossing that bridge before dawn. I'm assured of this. Be advised we're gonna see friendlies on our right immediately after the bridge. Hitman Two, this is Two-One-Bravo. Be advised, we have friendlies on both sides. How copy? Over. Sergeant, I thought they were gonna send us over the bridge in the darkness. Huh-uh. Not retarded enough. - Careful with the Ripped Fuel. - Fuck, man. I'm on 30 hours, no sleep. Beat the record I made in high school when I was on the debate team. Wait a minute- you were on the debate team? - What channels for the 119? - Six, four and TAD-seven. Yeah, I was really really fucking good, but all the other guys on the team - thought I was high all of the time. - Shut up, Ray. All right, let's make some money. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two-One. Be advised we have elements of Task Force Tarawa with strong pointing intersections north of the bridge. Two-One-Bravo, copy. Two-Two, across? Shit. Fucking tranny fluid from the Amtrac. - Jesus, Brad. - Watch the road. It's nothing, Trombley. - Thees Eetman Two-Tree. - Fucking Baptista. - How copy, eh? How copy? - I don't copy, Hitman Two-Three. I don't copy a word you're saying. Every time Baptista gets excited his English goes out the fucking window. And he's not even a citizen. He snuck in from whatever fucking greaseball country he's from. Now he's a Marine? There oughta be some sort of grammar test before you're out here blowin' shit up with heavy weapons. If they did that, fucking bucktooth, cross-eyed, sister-fucking hicks like you wouldn't get in either. I've got friendlies to my three. I got them on my nine. Pick it up. Pick it up. Hitman Two Victors, Hitman Two Victors, be advised Assassin and Raptor are in enemy contact to our rear. - How copy? - Two-One copy. Fuck. All the bad guys are opening up on the guys behind us. Why aren't they shooting at us? This is cleared hot. - They got some, didn't they, brah? - Fuck yeah! - You caught that, right? - Most definitely. Yo, CNN would definitely pay for drama like that, brah. That shit was extreme. All Hitman Victors halt. Stop here. Two ragheads, the second floor of the building, 300 meters at 12. Hey, go a little higher, we gotta get that nine-line up. Three-One, solid on our sector. 10, Three-Two, Roger. Hitman, this is Hitman Three. Interrogative: what are we doing here? Over. This is a nice place for an ambush! Why the fuck are we stopped? - Orders. - Raptors cas-evacing a Marine from the RCT. Charlie's halting for five minutes to help cas-evac a wounded Marine from RCT One. This is nuts halting us here. We're sitting ducks. This is the last place that we should be. I am so sick of Captain America spazzing out on our comms. They could be coming from all sides. They could be coming from all sides! Is our platoon commander okay? We'll be all right if I turn my. 50 to our six and let off a few rounds. - You guys got that? - It's fucking ours. No, it's not. It's an AK. Yeah, and it belongs to our fucking platoon commander. Hitman Three, this is Three-Two. Interrogative: what are you engaging? - Sir, why'd you shoot the car? - Denying the enemy transportation. This is Hitman Three. How much longer are we going to be halted here, waiting to die in fucking ambush alley? My men really need to know. Out. Godfather, Godfather, this is Raptor. Cas-evac Marine is stabilized. We're Oscar Mike. Over. All Hitman Victors, this is Hitman. The battalion is Oscar Mike. Sergeant, I didn't get to shoot. That fucking sucks, Trombley. Your recruiting officer tell you you get to shoot people? - Fucking-A he did. - Trombley asked about shooting people. I asked about pussy. The guy told me I'd get to go to Thailand, get all kinds of strange. What'd you ask about, Brad? Brad probably saw that TV commercial- the one with the knight who fucks up the dragon then turns into the Marine. Dress blues with the sword. That fucking dress-blues commercial, man, that got so many fucking guys. Now look at us! Trombley hasn't killed anybody, I am half a world away from good Thai pussy and Colbert is out here rolling around Fuckbutt, Iraq, hunting for dragons in a MOPP suit that smells like four days of piss and ballsweat. Nice! You should have rolled into battle with a sword, Brad. That would have fucking rocked. Orders are to push north along route 7 until we get to a cut-off here. Gentlemen, our A-O is now Mesopotamia. the land between the Euphrates and the Tigris, cradle of civilization. The Marines ahead of us sure civilized these motherfuckers. Second LAR was out here alone last night, pushed through Nasiriyah ahead of us, set up here. RPG teams came at them all night, they cut them down with their Bushmasters. Mad respect for the LAV, sir. Don't get too comfortable. We're losing them after 10 kliks. Cutting off the highway here, separating from the main element. And once we leave the hardball here, Godfather has us pushing through a canal area rolling on our own. Team Two, rally up! - Shady. - Wha- huh? I wanted to apologize for blowing my stack on comms back there. Ah, I think to myself, "Why is Iceman so angry? Someone pees in his corn flakes this morning?" Shit, I'm not being critical of you, but sometimes when you get excited, you speak Spanish on the comm. Mmm, this is strange... because in Brazil- my country- we speak Portuguese. Yeah, well whatever language you people speak down there, try to stick to English when we're on Marine Corps comms. Si, Colbert, si. ...25mm Bushmaster, put a round through the same hole at 2,000 meters. Yeah, man, they actually had to make the gun less accurate. Still railing on the white man? I don't hate the white man no more. Leave that to these motherfuckers. Me? I'm just staying here in Iraq, eating my pound cake, playing on a white man's team. Not the surrendering Iraqis we've seen. - These guys came to fight. - Dawg, motherfucker died trying to get a round off- combat discipline. All Hitman Two Victors, observe everything, admire nothing. Man, I am so high from not sleeping. So check this out: maybe they didn't issue the wrong color fatigues for the invasion. Maybe our blouses actually aren't green. Maybe they are desert beige. You know sometimes colors actually start to look different when you're so sleep-deprived? Like the sun, it looks red when it actually is yellow. You know, maybe our blouses aren't green. We're just so fucking sleep-deprived that's the way that they look to us. - Are you making this up? - Fuck yeah, I'm making this up. It passes the time, brother. Oh, get some! Look at that truck. BM-21, a legit target. Oh, it's like a Halloween funhouse. Stay frosty. Two-One-Bravo, two men in that car to our three. Do you see weapons? Two-One-Alpha, this is Two-One-Bravo. No weapons. These guys are down for the count. She's dead. Nothing we can do. Well well well, who's the sicko in our Humvee now? The psycho-ass jarheads, or the fucking liberal media just looking for a little exploitation? - Hey, brah, get that dude right there. - It's not a dude. Hey, Christopher, man, turn it off. - Huh? - Turn the camera off, brah. So it's a snuff film now? I'm seeing what you see. You and Doc take Christeson and Stafford off my truck. - They need some experience. - Roger that, sir. Hitman, this is Hitman Two. We have what looks like - an enemy encampment- - Hitman Two! This is Hitman Actual on your six. LAR taught these Hajis a lesson they won't forget. Girl with the chopped off legs is sure gonna remember. The hell is your problem? Last night my best team could only maintain night optics at 50%. You are not supplying us with the batteries we need. - LT- - You've got more optics and thermals on that vest than I've got in the whole platoon. And I bet you've got the batteries to run them all night long. You're way out of line. These are for Bravo's command. The men need to conserve resources. The Marine Corps teaches that. PFC Fucknuts, this is an enemy encampment. Yo, man, it might be booby-trapped. Don't blaze a trail. Tread in Sergeant Colbert's footsteps. "Say hello to my little friend. " What the fuck are you doing? Denying the enemy. We could have took that for our own. Haji rice? These men living here on rice and beans, sleeping out here in the cold on these rags, these are some fucking hard men. You ladies bitch if you get an MRE without a fucking Pop-Tart. Movement right! Nine o'clock! Republican Guard insignia- Special Saddam Division. Bravo Three's commander... should I shoot him? Don't waste your bullet. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two. Be advised the report of an enemy gas attack was again in error. Break. All Hitman teams return to MOPP-2 posture. Over. Two-One-Alpha, copy. This is plain undignified. Hello, everyone. I'm Michael Jackson. This is fucking miserable. Yeah, but we get to invade a whole fucking country, dude. At this point, I almost wish Saddam would gas us. It would make all the effort with our MOPP suits worth it. It would justify the invasion. There's no doubt Saddam's got chemicals. It's just you liberal dicksucks who try to pick everything apart. Foot-mobiles, two o'clock. - Hitman, this is Hitman Three-Two. - Maybe 900 meters out. Took a few rounds from that gas station. We're pushing through. Bravo Three's behind us, right? They're taking fire from that gas station we passed? - Slow down. - I guess. This is Hitman Two. Roger that. Is that an RPG tube? Hitman Two, this is Two-One. We got two foot-mobiles on our two o'clock, 900 meters out in black. They appear to be carrying an RPG tube. How copy? - Hitman Two-One, wait, One. Over. - Hey, Walt, do you see 'em? - Fucking popped down. - I see 'em. Down that ditch. Two-One, go ahead and halt your vehicle. Over. Person, halt the vehicle. Hitman Actual, this is Hitman Two. We're halting to engage possible foot-mobile. How copy? Over. This is Hitman. Solid copy. All Hitman Victors, be advised Raptor is now actively engaged... Flashing. They got optics on us. Hitman, this is Hitman Two-Three. Interrogative: was that the same gas station that engaged Three-Two? Over. One keeps popping his head up. Unknown at this time. Over. I'm not 100% confident that was an RPG tube. But I'm sure they're putting optics on us. Pappy, Reyes, get the M-40 and punch out to that berm. Two-Two, Roger. Hitman, this is Hitman Two. Be advised enemy foot-mobiles to our east have optics on us and appear to be armed with an RPG tube. How copy? Hitman Two, this is Hitman. You are approved to engage those targets. Solid copy. Hitman Two-Two Echo-Five-Romeo, this is Hitman Two. - You are approved to engage. - Roger that. Range to target, niner, seven, niner. Wind moving from west to east, quarter value. On scope. - On target. - Fire. Stand by for second target. Low crawling, east, five yards. You got him? - I tally. - Fire. Hit. Men from that camp we found. Raptor to Godfather. The target has been suppressed. Raptor, this is Godfather. Solid copy. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two. We have destroyed the RPG team. Over. You all got some? How'd it feel to kill? I don't know, dawg. - Felt fucking good, I guess. - Man! I try to live my life by the Tao, bro. I can't always make my own dharma. I hate them filthy Haji fucks. That's what I love about you, dawg. You're so fucking messed up. That's how I roll. All right, gents, let's mount up. ...personnel inside the gas station. Still receiving sporadic mortar fire. Charlie's still taking fire from that gas station? Raptor, this is Godfather. Solid Copy. Out. All Hitman Victors, this is Hitman Three-Three. We're taking... ...about 600 meters. Cannot observe the shooter... Eric, you fucking see that? I don't think that guy was armed. We didn't see what the captain saw. He's our commander. All Hitman Victors, we are Oscar Mike. See that trail? We're going to the left. The whole rest of the division is going the other way. - Just us? - Just First Recon. This has the makings of a legit fucking mission. We're screening, doing a route reconnaissance. Maybe movement to contact. We got 15 kliks on our own. Gonna link up with RCT One outside the next shithole town. We got no air. There's a shamal storm coming. Rotary isn't flying. Oh, great, so we're basically just like bait for the bad guys. Yep, but we'll be the first Americans to roll down this road. Turn and we're money. All Hitman Two Victors, hold 35kph, maintain dispersion. - Roger that. Turning left. - Solid copy. I smell a goddamn Charms. Sorry, Sergeant. I had one left. You know what sucks? All those dead bodies we seen today, and I didn't get to shoot any of them. I see foot-mobiles. 12 o'clock, 100 meters. Damn! Brad, they're fucking hotties! I didn't know Hajis could be hotties. I thought they were all camel-faced hags. Hey! As-Salamu Alaykum, ladies. Damn, homey. Better than when I was in my band! 'Cause they haven't heard you play. - We love you, Americans. We love you! - Thank you! Vote Republican. I love you Americans! Two-One, this is Two. I need you to take that bridge over the canal ahead. How copy? Hitman Two, interrogative: am I to understand you mean the near bridge? Because I don't think that's the correct turn. Direct order from Hitman Actual. He's going off of his map. Roger that. They let him have a map? Whoa whoa! All Hitman Two Victors, halt. The fuck are we stopping for? Brad, what's going on? Hitman Two-One-Alpha, this is Hitman Two-Three. What's going on up there? Motherfucker. Hitman Two-One, this is Hitman. Interrogative: why have we stopped? Over. Hitman, this is Hitman Two-One. No more road. Just figuring out we're lost. I could have told him that a half an hour ago. The whole battalion's two kliks east of us on the other side of the Gharraf Canal. We are now to the rear of everybody. He's our commander, Brad. Hitman Two, this is Hitman Actual. We're gonna backtrack. Hitman Three will be on point. Colbert's team took a wrong turn at the bridge. Hitman, this is Hitman Two. We have multiple unarmed civilians fleeing the town en masse. We're gonna stop to question them. Over. This is Hitman. Roger that. Villagers say they are grateful to be liberated by the Americans and look forward to working hand-in-hand- You're lying, Meesh, and they fucking know it. Meesh, cut whatever bullshit the higher ups have told you to say. We're all alone out here, Meesh. You fuck us, I'll smile killing you. When they hired me, they told me to put a little spin on things, a little Psy-Ops, but you're right. We're in this together. These dudes are saying there are some bad dudes up ahead. They know we're coming, and they want to hit us. They hate America, man. I say we call in some air, some Cobras, fuck them up. There is no air. The shamal is coming. Why do we get the so-called interpreter? He told me he works directly for General Mattis. He told me he worked for the CIA. Back at Mathilda, he told me he could hook me up with free satellite TV. Hitman Two, this is Godfather. I can't raise Hitman Actual, but be advised, Raptor and Assassin are taking heavy fire from the town. Roger that. Stay frosty. Two kliks up the road, Alpha, Charlie and H&S; are pinned down, taking heavy fire from the town. Looks like another Nasiriyah. Hitman Two, this is Godfather. We're gonna try to bypass the town. Copy. Battalion's trying to find a way around. Link up with RCT One. We hold this position until instructed further. Gentlemen, we're looking at a pretty short ride. We're gonna link up with Regimental Combat Team. After which, we rack out tonight. - Aren't we going through the town? - No. But I didn't get to shoot yet. Hey, that town stopped a whole regiment with, like, tanks and shit. - But I didn't even get one- - Trombley, if we went through that town, we'd get smoked. That was a danger-close fire mission right there. On the money. Good effect on target. Assassin, this is Godfather. How copy? Solid copy, Godfather. Outstanding fire mission. Stand by. Listen, this town is just up the road. I see it's not even named here on my map. Frankly, Ferrando doesn't give a fuck what they call it. - I'm not gonna visit or make friends. - We're planning to go through? Do we have a sit-rep on enemy forces inside this town? Enough to stop Colonel Dowdy and 7,000 RCT Marines. Yeah, enough to stop Colonel Dowdy. But personally, Godfather doesn't like being told what to do by the enemy. I don't like the fact that the enemy had me sitting in this shithole for the past couple hours. I might choose a different hole, somewhere else. I plan to find that hole by going through that town up ahead. If there's one thing I learned these past days in Iraq, there's no shortage of shitholes. More shitholes in this country than oil wells. Assassin, this is Godfather. Roger, Godfather. Standing by. Assassin, Godfather thinks you did a shit-hot job calling in those danger-close fires. Just like you were shit-hot taking out those forward observers - by the Nasiriyah Bridge. - Roger that. I want Assassin on point when we push through that town. How copy? Godfather, we found there's an open route around the town. I want you to step off in five mikes. Push through that town. How copy? Honored. Through the city in five. $300,000, Trombley. That's the cost to raise your average middle-class white kid. Maybe since your fiancee's Mexican and you'll have little half-Mexican babies, you can cut corners, do it on the cheap. I bet Sergeant Espera's parents didn't spend more than a hundred to raise him. But of course, look how he turned out. You against marriage, Sergeant? Brad got dumped. My sweetheart since junior high left me and married my best friend since junior high. We're all still friends. They're one of those happy couples that likes to take pictures of themselves and hang 'em up all over their goddamn house. Sometimes I go over there just to look at my ex-fiancee doing all the things I used to do with her with my best friend- surfing and jet skiing. It's nice having friends. Change of orders. We're going through the town. Alpha's already rolling. We're picking up the rear. It's just us. There's no air because of a shamal moving in. We're the last element to roll through. Nobody stops, nobody gets cut off. I'm glad you're my team leader. - Thank you, sir. - Shit. We're way behind. I'm doing the best that I can. This isn't the 805 above La Jolla, you know? ...Hitman Three sustained a casualty. - Bravo Three has a casualty. - They were taking fire - from the left and right. - Took fire from both sides. - Who was it? - I don't know. Alpha and H&S; are through the town. Roger that. Gentlemen, from now on we're gonna have to earn our stories. Hold your dispersion. Hitman Two says Alpha cleared this town under heavy fire. No casualties were reported. Brah, why aren't they shooting at us? - God! - Contact! Run. Here we go, boys. Yeah, what a fucking birthday. Happy birthday, bitch. Too bad you get shot in the face. Second-floor balcony- shoot that motherfucker. Don't leave me here. - What? - Don't leave me! Take that fucking gun out! - Fuck! - Hit that building! Get down! Get down! Pick up and rain fire. Go go go go! Slow down! God- fuck! I got one. I got one! Saw his knee explode. Fuck, the Mark-19's down! Hass is down. He caught a wire. Good, go! - Is Hasser good? - Are we good to go? Go go go! All Hitman Victors, radio check. This is Two-One-Alpha, up 120 and up. Two-One-Bravo is up 700 and up. Hitman Two, this is Two-Two, up 200 and up. This is Hitman Two-Three, up 300 and up. We got fucking lit up. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two. Roger. Man! Everybody is okay, right? - Yes! - Yeah! Hey, I fucking got one. You all right? Fuck yeah, that was awesome! Did you see Walt? He tried to kill himself. Thanks to your driving. - That was fucking heavy, man. - Fuck yeah, brother. Who was the casualty in Bravo Three? It was Darnold, man, in the arm. You should have seen me fuck that car, man. Yo, did you see my man Manimal? Fucking wall of fire. Wall wall wall wall! He brought that building down. He saved our asses. Yes, he did, he did! Get off me! This shit ain't funny. If it goes a little different, we could have all got killed today. Don't pet a burning dog. We damn sure pet one today, didn't we? Yep. Grooming standard! By first light tomorry, I expects all y'all to be clean-shaven. After what we've just been through? There's a lots can go wrong out here- lack a battery, cold chow, lack of pussy- but the one thing these mens can counts on is the grooming standard. I believe it always ought to be there for them. Sergeant Major, my company commander informed me last night that Godfather said the men wouldn't have to shave. In his infinite wisdom, the battalion commander never said that. You'd best check with your company commander. The one solid piece of information he passed and he was wrong. Ferrando believes in the violence of action. The enemy, he stared us down in Nasiriyah. But I wanted to show him today that some Americans won't back down from a fight. I could put it in terms of tactics or strategy. I could quote Boyd. The simple way to say it is that some people might reasonably fear these Iraqis running around trying to organize ways to kill us. I don't. And not because I'm a particularly courageous individual. I simply have a bigger fear. In my darkest hours, I sometimes fear that I will do something General Mattis won't like. Gentlemen... I have no such fears tonight. Brad. Brad, get up. We have a mission- search and rescue. One of the officers went out to take a shit, stepped over the berm and hasn't been heard from since. An officer. From H&S; company. He's probably just lost in the dark somewhere. Fucking officers will be the death of us yet. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 