Generation Kill: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Generation Kill 
 s1e5 - A Burning Dog - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Generation Kill (2008): Season 1, Episode 5 - A Burning Dog - full transcript 
 As they scope a tiny hamlet, the men of Bravo are frustrated by the capricious nature of the war, and Colbert struggles to defend the actions of the higher-ups. Meanwhile, First Recon runs into a number of surprises as they try to cross a bridge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Quizmaster, this is Godfather. I have you loud and clear. Stand by for tasking. Your mission is to conduct this feint in force, uncover enemy positions prior to the main force's arrival. - How copy? - Roger. Solid copy on all. One, two, three, four little people outside. Plus the three old ladies. Look, Gabe. Haji soccer. Tough little haji. My grandma used to beat me with a 2x4. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Your grandma mean like that, Gabe? No, man. My grandma hit me because she loved me and she wanted me to turn out good. Hitman Two, this is Two One. We've had eyes on the village for over one hour now. There are seven women and children, no adult males. No sign of the men who fired those mortars. How copy? This is Hitman Two. Solid copy. Ray, - what the fuck is that smell? - M.R.E. cookies. What I did was I saved up all those creamer packets and all the sugars and I mixed in peanut butter until I sort of made... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Don't set your face on fire again. Word to the motherfuckin' street, yo! I was not the one who set my face on fire. I was the fuckin' victim and you know it. Sergeant Colbert, I was thinking... Those trees over there behind us, maybe the guys who fired at us were in them. Much as I appreciate Rolling Stone's tactical input, but I'm confident in the birds. Birds? Anything moves in those trees, birds don't sing. - Sgt. Espera? - Yeah? Do you have any more of that enactionshit? - Tenactin. - Yeah, 'cause this thing... Jesus Christ! - 1,000-pounder from a navy F-18. - God damn it. - We don't have the full picture. - It was on fucking battalion tac. We had mortars fire at us from somewhere near that hamlet. Maybe... Maybe inside. The bad guys shoot and scoot. By the time we hit bac they're gone. I am not the one who asked the enemy to mix in with the civilian populace and use them as cover to attack us. - This is Hitman Two. R.T.B. Over. - Roger. We're moving out. Man, we keep making the same fucking mistakes. My fucking cookies got schwacked. What the fuck is his problem? Come on, Ray. We're Oscar Mike. Someone around here is hiding a mortar team! I warn you again, we will destroy your village not only if you yourself are hostile, but if you are harboring any enemy elements! Is he threatening me? He's grateful to be liberated and pleased to cooperate. These people are worse than the goddamn V.C.! Dave, we've got Meesh. Not that we're doing any better than the French in Indochina. I mean, we're making every french mistake, right? This dude has some cool shit. Give me the map board. Moreno, how much longer we gonna be here? He said the men came from outside, - not from his village. - How many men? He used a word that means a lot of dudes. And he says they're planning to ambush us once we cross the bridge. Said there are men on the east side, north side, and the west side. And the men on the east side, they got the big guns. All Hitman Victors, this is Hitman. - Hitman Three is debriefing locals. - Hey, Person. Didn't your mom put your picture up on the Wal-Mart wall of heroes? Yep. My grandma did when I went to Afghanistan. I'm on the Nevada, Missouri Wal-Mart wall of heroes. Even got my dress blues on. If my mother ever distributed my likeness without written authorization, I would disown her. Technically speaking, Brad, but didn't your biological parents disown you when they put you up for adoption? Point, Ray. I was one of those unfortunates adopted by upper-middle-class professionals and nurtured in an environment of learning, art, and a socio-religious culture steeped in over two thousand years of talmudic tradition. Not everyone is lucky enough to have been raised in a Whiskey Tango trailer park by a bowlegged female whose sole qualification for motherhood is a womb that happened to catch a sperm of a passing truck driver. At least my mom took me to Nascar. Your dad's a truck driver? You okay? It's all good, brother. Hello. Asalaam alaikum. That doesn't get you, poke? Come on, it'll be good for you. Asalaam alaikum. Here. Here you go. See? Don't you feel better? Fuck it, dawg. You think giving them some rice and a chocolate bar is gonna fix things? Change of plan. We have a village here providing info on a possible ambush on the road ahead. Well, let me guess, sir. The plan is for us to drive into it and draw fire. You'll be happy to know there is no plan for this. Godfather's pulling us back. The R.C.T. is pushing up some L.A.Vs to clear out the ambush. We're staying in a wadi south of the bridge. Get some! This is how this ought to be fought. We feel our way up these back roads, generate intelligence, and they send some real ass in to deal with it. You really believe pulling us back from one ambush represents a change in strategy? There's no reason battalion can't accidentally make a smart decision now and then. Even a broke-ass clock is right twice a day. What's this I'm hearing about Casey Kasem going around in front of E-3s and 2s, calling Lieutenant Fick a coward? Yeah. Jesus fucking Christ. At least we ain't in the position of having to babysit our platoon Commander. I heard back in the rear once they had a plan to push Navy psychiatrists forward to combat units. Yeah, I scoffed then, but if ever there was a candidate to be locked up in the rubber tent, we know who he is. Can you imagine what the doctors would make of Ray Person? Need I remind you that he is the best damn R.T.O. in the business? As long as you keep him away from your uglier daughters and your smaller livestock. No. The individual who needs his head examined is the man responsible for taking arguably the finest damn independent recon operators of any military in the world, and dropping us in Humvee platoons to lead a parade of pogs, officers, and heavily-armed subhuman morons like Casey Kasem across Mesopotamia. How much does Uncle Sam spend on us? Jump school, dive school, mountain warfare, ranger school, S.E.R.E. That's a $1,000,000 on average to train up 0321s like us. And here we are, perfectly-tuned Ferraris in a demolition derby. It sure isn't Afghanistan. Any of us had been running our teams in that AO, we sure wouldn't have dropped a bomb on that village like they did this morning. Gentlemen, to Afghanistan. In Somalia we were still able to target these legit motherfuckers... Hold what you got, warriors. - November Juliet's coming around. - Better watch your face, Ray. Rudy's got the espresso pot brewing. Yeah, it's obvious I was wrong about invading Iraq for NAMBLA. It turns out we're actually here to set up a forward Starbucks. Christ, look, we've already inserted our Fruity Barista. Thank you very much. Now all we need is some shitty fucking music playing, like Norah Jones, a couple of high-school girls getting super fat on iced lattes, a homeless guy trying to scam the key to the restroom, and some faggot writing his novel on a laptop. Gunny, this must steam Godfather, letting other guys go into an ambush instead of us. I've never understood what the whole rush was about in the first place. There is no doubt America is gonna beat Saddam's military. - So why rush this shit? - Ray, remember that guy that got his dick cut off and sewed back on? Yeah. John Wayne Bobbit. - He's a former Marine. - What other famous Marines were there? Lee Harvey Oswald, that old children's television show host Captain Kangaroo, he was one; and uh, the guy who climbed the university of Texas clock tower and shot 16 people. - No presidents? - Closest we got was Oswald. - I met John Wayne Bobbit. - Get the fuck out of here. I interviewed him when he was trying to be a porn star. - He did this movie where - Nice! He fucked a midget. A Marine will fuck anything. She was a nice girl, seriously. Here you go, Gunny. Thank you, Rudy. Looks like we're in for a cold night by the way - that Zoolander's nipples are twisted. - Thanks, Rude. Let me hook you up, my backwoods brother. Pappy. I always gotta fix you up, Pap. Looks like you've got some chafing here from your sapi plate. I've got some emollients in the Humvee. I'll get the Neutrogena. Am I pushing you, my man? Am I going too far? Pappy, you know I love you, brother. Rudy, you motherfucker, hook me up with some of that sweet November Juliet. - Roger that. - Why November Juliet? It's like, military phonetic alphabet. You know, like - Whiskey Tango for white trash. - Yeah, I get that. But what does November Juliet stand for? Nigger juice. Beautiful. Jesus Christ, dude. Gentlemen, as you can see... I'm told by the C.G. that the reason for our chow shortage is that 95% of the one MarDiv supply train in central Iraq is being allocated to haul artillery rounds to the front. For us tonight, gentlemen, this is good news. We are on a new map sheet, the last for phase three of our mission. I can reveal to you tonight that the C.G.'s objective since pushing through Nasiriyah has been this: Al Kut. Here, to the east of Baghdad, Al Kut holds the only major bridge crossing the Tigris. Since the inception of phase one, CENTCOM has felt the need to control this eastern route to Baghdad. Phase four, the assault on Baghdad, cannot begin until Marines own Al Kut and its bridge. Three words: tempo, tempo, tempo. The swiftness of our advance has succeeded in outpacing the Iraqi military's efforts to organize large-scale resistance. Tonight, Ferrando expects our tempo to increase. This afternoon, Bravo company exploited the willingness of locals to provide intelligence regarding an enemy ambush. That was good work. No doubt many of you were disappointed when division sent in the R.C.T.'s light armored units to clean them out. By all rights, that should have been our tasker. But it turns out the C.G. hasn't forgotten about us. We have reports that increasing numbers of paramilitary forces are moving into this area south of Al Kut. Tomorrow morning, the R.C.T. will begin its final push to Al Kut on the east bank of the canal. Our push begins tonight. We are to advance along the western side of the canal starting at approximately 2300 hours local time. There's a town here, Muwaffaqiyah. It's about four kliks north of our current position. Soon as we pass Muwaffaqiyah, we've got 30 kliks of highway to Al Kut. This, gentlemen, is our happy hunting ground. The C.G. has given us free rein to initiate contact all along this M.S.R. There's not a Marine on the planet who wouldn't want to be in your shoes tonight, gentlemen. Nate. Quick word, please? Looks like we're the quarterback again. Look, Nate, as far as executing this play, are we gonna have any... Personal issues, skipper? Not on my part, sir. I do however have an issue with unprofessional conduct of senior enlisted personnel in this company. - Nate, I... - Gunnery Sergeant, you do not come up on a discussion between the Captain and myself and speak unless you are spoken to. And nobody fucking spoke to you. Aye aye, Lieutenant. I want to be certain that senior enlisted personnel are not speaking for you when airing derogatory opinions about the command of my platoon. If such opinions are yours, I would ask that you share them directly with me in private. Opinions? Anyone who says I have opinions like you said, nate, he's not on my team. Very good, sir. Without the right lubricant, it's the same thing again and again. Sucker just jams. We just have to accept that the only dependable weapon you have up there is your saw. You guys, I just did a really dirty thing. You know that picture of Rolling Stone's girlfriend? I think it's safe to say we all know her intimately at this point. I got it back from Bravo Three and I swear I was gonna give it back to him. But I ran into Wasik on the way over here. I traded that bitch for some pec-2 batteries! Ray, you pimped her out. She is a dirty little hoochie, isn't she? Got any for the thermals? Jesus, dude. It's a picture of a reporter's girlfriend, not of J. Lo's cum-dripping twat. Yeah, you're right. Walt, get some sleep. I'm gonna give this another try, Brad. You get some sleep. Thanks, Walt. What's the challenge and pass? Blue diamond, blue diamond, asshole! Q - Tip, what the fuck? I had to get medieval on his ass. What is it? I don't know, but it's got fur and four legs and a little bit a meat. All Victors, have team leaders rally up on Hitman Two Victor. Over. Yeah, copy that. Brad. Brad, get up. 56 minutes. I've been asleep for 56 minutes. Team leader meeting. 56 minutes and just one dream. At least you got the dream. - I dreamt I was in Iraq. - Were you naked? North of our position is the wild west. We all know we've killed a lot of bad guys already. Sure. Must be some bad guys in all those women and children we've been stacking along the roads. Those who remain are going to take their last stand here. Bad news is we don't sleep tonight. Good news is we get to kill bad guys. In six zero mikes, Bravo company and Charlie company are maneuvering onto the western side of this canal. Our orders are to set up positions as we see fit along the M.S.R. and hunt for paramilitaries operating in the A-O. Our goal is to terrorize the Fedayeen, and this platoon will be on point. Better us than Captain America. The point is we are taking the initiative. And they're letting us do it at night when we have the advantage. Sir, need I remind you a lot of that advantage resides in our thermals, and we don't have a single working set in the entire platoon? Brad, we've still got our N.V.G.s, pec-4s and 17-bravos. Yes, sir. Sir, the regiment's staying over on the eastern side of the canal? - Affirmative. - And we got - Alpha and H-and-S staying behind? - We're going lean. - We're hunters tonight. - That's all good, sir. But how do we get around this bridge and the town up to where the L.A.Vs was fighting? We're not going around it. Brad, your team will be leading us across it. Sir, is my team to do a foot patrol to get eyes on the bridge and make sure that the enemy ambush has in fact been eliminated? Negative, Brad. Reconnaissance, sir. Isn't that what reconnaissance Marines are supposed to do? Our timetable does not allow for a foot patrol. The chances for a serious threat are very low. We hit those ambush points hard all night. Sir, if the L.A.Vs came back with casualties, how's Humvee supposed... Frankly, gentlemen, I'm not hearing the aggressiveness I'd like. - Prepare your teams to step off. - Sir. The people running this war can fuck things up all they want. And as long as we keep getting lucky and making it through alive, they'll just keep repeating the same mistakes. Nate. Our orders are clear. I would not help this platoon by questioning him or hesitating in any way. The C.O. reached out to me. I have to honor that, right? Hurry up and grab your gear. Let's fucking go! Hey, you, get the fuck up! Go! Hey, yo, Person, I changed the batteries in the N.V.Gs. - What's our tad with our Cobra escorts? - None. - We don't have comms. - Why not? That would be too easy. I don't know. No one's rogering up on the tads. This is going to be a short mission. Why don't you stay back here with headquarters? - Okay. - Okay. Reporter ain't gonna leave, Brad. He skips town on us now, might change our luck, and that could adversely affect our ability to survive and complete this mission. Are you kidding? You don't want to make our luck adverse and all, do you, dawg? No. Poke, make sure your team watches our mark-19. If we're down, I want Garza to pick up the slack with your 50. Roger that. See you on the other side, sucka. Turn it over, Ray. Trombley, stow this. Sorry, dude. Pass me some of your ripped fuel. And I fucking mean it about the country music. You know Brad, you're right. Now isn't an appropriate time for country music. I was thinking a little more old-school R&B.; Because look, I'm Stevie Wonder, blind as a motherfucker in my piece-of-shit N.V.Gs. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Two Actual. We are Oscar Mike. All right, kids, let's make some money. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two. Increase dispersion. Break. Low illum is restricting our vis on the N.V.Gs. Over. Hitman Two, Hitman Two Three. Roger. HitmanTtwo, this is Hitman Two One Bravo. Roger that. Hitman Two, this is Hitman Two Two. Solid. We have the bridge four kliks ahead to the west. There will be a right turn toward the bridge abutment. Yeah, roger that. Brad, is that a guardrail on this side of the road? It's the shoulder. It slopes. I know you've got no depth perception in those N.V.G.s but use some common fucking sense in your situational awareness. It's the way that the fucking ambient light is slanting in. I can't tell if dark areas are ditches or walls. Two One Bravo, this is Two One Alpha. Someone on your victor appears to have his I.R. designator on. Two One Alpha. Yeah, it's me, dawg. I got a foot-mobile, possible tango, about one o'clock, 200 meters out, crouched on a berm. Over. Copy that. Two One Bravo, that is a trash bag caught on some kind of scrub brush. - What's going on? - Nothing. It's our I.R. lasers. You can't see them without N.V.G.s. I don't even have a plastic bag to shoot. Oh, now remember James, once you fire a bullet, you can't take it back. God damn it! Two Actual, this is Two One. Interrogative: do we have any idea what those Cobras are shooting at? Negative, Two One. We have no comms with the Cobras. Over. Fuck! Why are we slowing, Ray? My N.V.G.s keep going off. It's from the fucking flashes from the rockets keep washing 'em out. I can't see shit. Two Actual, interrogative. Are we to continue forward into area being lit by those Cobras? Two One, maintain direction and speed. Over. Roger that. Cobras are frapping the east side of the river. Over. Hold your sectors! - Oh shit! - Fuck! Holsey, sweep that area with your I.R. Shit! You all right, Walt? Nothing. Shell cases hit me. Why are we turning, Ray? There was a ditch or something in the road. Hey, something's blocking the bridge. You see it, Walt? It's like a connex box in the middle of the road. All Hitman Two Victors, be advised, there is an obstacle in front of the bridge. We cannot continue forward. Hitman Two One, is there any way around it? Negative, Hitman Two. We need to peel. Ray, I need us to egress immediately. We're in a kill zone here. Walt, can you see the ditch that I just drove past? It ain't a ditch. It's like a drainpipe that's been drug on the road. You have to make a three-point turn here. Turn around. I got trees on my left, maybe five meters off the road. Fuck! Hey, Brad, Espera's vehicle is in front of us. We're fucking boxed in! I don't got nobody out here. I got nothing. Two One Bravo, this is Two One Alpha. We need you to turn around. Over. Two One Alpha, this is Two One Bravo. Two Two is blocking us. Over. Hitman Two Three, this is Hitman Two. We need you to turn around. You're boxing the platoon in. How copy? Eetman Two, dees is Eetman Two Tree. We hung up on a pipe... There are men in the trees. - Contact right! - Contact right! Contact, three o'clock! Go go! Dismount, 12 o'clock! - Suppress him with that saw! - I got him! Two One victor, this is Two Two Victor. We're gonna dismount our vehicles now... Over on the right! Over on the right! Taking fire! Ammo! Two Three, Two Two. Stafford, to our three! Incoming! Foot mobiles, left! Ray, how's our progress egressing? All Hitman Victors, this is Two One. Is it at all possible for any of you to back up? Ees two tree... God damn Baptista! How the fuck would you like it if I joined the brazilian Marines and only spoke english? Shift fire! He's on the works! Watch your four o'clock! - Lilley! - What the fuck? Would you please... back the fuck up? - Garza, are we clear? - Not going well! Two Three, get up here. I need suppression fire now! Left side! Left side! I can't I.D. the target. Bravo Two's getting chopped up pretty good. Like Brad says, stay frosty, gents. Holy mother of God. We got a slaughterhouse up there, men! All gunners, hold your fire! Eric, watch for infiltrators. Be prepared to fire. On my command! He gives an order to shoot, we'll end up schwacking Bravo Two. Hot mike the radios, dirty. You got it. R.P.G.! Watch your fire! Watch your fire! 100 meters! Get that. 50 cal up! Fuck yeah! Hitman Two, this is Two One. We are unable to move in any direction, over. This is Two Two. Man down! Say again, team Two has a man down! Over. Who we got, Pappy? Ah, it's just my foot! I got you, bro. Hitman Two, what is the status? I say again, what is the status of your man down? Over. I've been hit in the foot. Change your magazines! - I'm out! - Gunny, we need to withdraw! We need to back it up the way... Back it up the way we came in! Get this shit up! Christeson, hold your sector! On the left! - Get your weapons up! - Pick up your rate of fire! Shift left, shift left! Motherfucker! Turn it around. I'll be right back! Baptista, turn it around now! We engaged! Turn now! Don't shoot. Lt. is foot-mobile. Up onto the berm, hard right, then go! Roger that! Billy, you need to back up onto the berm, hard right, follow rudy. - Rudy, is that Espera to our left? - I'm in, Pappy. - Who's to our left? - That's Espera. He's trying to turn! - Garza, how's it looking? - Sergeant, we're clear to our six! Go slow! Talk to me, Walt! Clear! Okay, go go! - Clear on the right! Go! - Two One peeling. All Victors, push past Bravo Three's position and hold. Break, break! Two Two, what is Echo Five Bravo's status? We've stopped the bleeding. He's stable. Break. What's the status of the Cas-evac? Over. Standby! Hitman Two Actual, this is Two Three. All vehicles are up. Push, push, push! Check the tires, Ray. Jesus Christ. Did you know people shiver when they have an excess of adrenaline? It cuts the blood flow or something. They taught us that in S.O.I. Is that what happens to you? No. I get a woody. Pappy, man, I'm so sorry. Rude. Yeah? - Where's my cope? - Sgt. Patrick, you're late for your Medevac. All right, go. Good luck, pappy. I got you covered. You're team leader now. Get your Victor up. We're moving out again soon. Lt, sir. - He refused to get Cas-evaced. - I don't want him if he's ineffective. I took a Shrapnel of his thigh, but it missed the femoral artery. He tourniqueted himself, sir. Got back up on his weapon and returned fire. Boom, boom. I was taking *** with flurry of *** ...sir. Screwby, sir. The great destroyers. Yeah, L.A.Vs rock. Pouring down hate and discontent like a motherfucker. Get your team ready, Poke. Lt. wants us Oscar Mike when they finish. When they finish fucking shit up there might not even be a bridge. We're linking up with bravo three ahead. - They are on point. - All right. I want 15 meters between their last Humvee and ours. Why aren't they sending tanks over the bridge first? 'Cause they don't know how strong the bridge is, if it'll even hold tanks. What if it's mined? That's exactly why they're sending us. I mean, come on, dude. You don't want to risk a $5,000,000 tank when you can send a piece-of-crap Humvee. All Hitman Two Victors, Hitman Three is Oscar Mike ahead of us. Let's move out. Let's go. Wake up, Trombley! All Hitman Victors, this is Hitman. War pig has suppressed targets at the bridge, and tanks have blown barriers at the bridge approach. Over. This is Hitman Three. Roger that. Hitman. This is Hitman Two Actual. Roger that. Dirty, right through the town! Contact left! R.P.G! All Hitman. Shift east, 50 meters. Fuck! We're stuck! All Hitman Three Victors, vehicle two is stuck. Over. Put in four low. Get us the fuck out of here! It's not going in! Piece-of-shit Humvee! Hitman, this is Hitman Three. Relay to twisting, good effects on target. Break. R.P.G. team destroyed. Over. Hitman Three, this is Hitman. Solid copy. Roger on relay. Hitman Three. Enrage Four One established H.A. Susan. Still waiting for B.D.A. Twisting copies. Stand by. Enrage Four One, R.P.G. Team destroyed. Enrage Four One copies all. Two Actual, this is Two One. We have four Hitman Three Victors halted on the bridge. This is Hitman Two Actual. Solid copy. Did one of their Humvees make it? Hitman Three, this is Hitman Three Two. We're in the town. We observe no enemy activity at this time. Break. We're still trying to locate a route through. Movement's restricted due to debris. Over. Hitman Three, you copy my last? Redman, how close is Hitman Three? Fuck. He ain't bleeding. His neck don't look broken. We lost the platoon. All Hitman Victors, this is Hitman Three Actual. This is Hitman Three Actual. The bridge is partially destroyed! We're trapped! I say again, we are fucking trapped! Militarily speaking, Kocher, ain't we the only ones that are trapped? Back the fuck up. - Where is Hitman Actual? - That way, sir. Roll it over to company. ...Tet offensive. Bullshit! Jesus, Mary and Joseph! I got some good men dying in there! Hold your sectors, men! Break. Hitman Two, Hitman Two, we need to back these Humvees back... Give me your radio. There's one thing I learned in ranger school... - Hand it to me. - ... we must seize initiative. Keep your eyes on those reeds. They could be massing a suicide R.P.G. team as we speak. We don't know. Any movement in there, you... What the hell is going on here? We were, we're... The stuck vehicle, it... Stuck. I got my best Marines cut off in that town, dying in there! Craig, Godfather needs to unfuck this clusterfuck now. We need to think of this as a defensive line, and a goal-line stand. And you're the offense, Craig. You need to be a hard charger here. Put some fuckin' muscle into it. Men! Over here! Two-minute warning, guys, two-minute warning! Yeah! Yeah! ...this is Hitman. Bridge is all clear. Sir, you did a favor by taking my radio from me. Gentlemen, this is the end zone! Go yellowjackets! How's it feel now, you filthy motherfuckers? God damn dirty haji motherfuckers trying to fuck with me? Fuck you! That's what you get when you try to ambush Marines, motherfucker! You get dead! Son of a bitch! Sir, get a load of this. They don't look like Iraqi regulars. Looks like he could have been a college student. We've got a wounded enemy. Shoot him! Can you help this man? He could be booby-trapped, sir. I'll search him, sir. Because of this dying motherfucker and his dead friends, we're eight hours behind schedule. Look at this motherfucker. Roll him over and check his back. He's all yours, doc. Amphetamine, pretty high-grade shit. Dude, these are Syrian pounds. Syrian passport. Ahmed Al Zari, born in Damascus, age 26, entered Iraq... march 23. Three days after we came. His address in Iraq is the... Palestine Hotel in Baghdad. Restaurant is two-star, but room service is out of this world. And if you go around the corner, there's a club where the ladies go, - just... say you're a friend of Uday's. - What does the rest of it say? "Purpose for entering Iraq: "jihad. " He put "jihad" at passport control. That's some wicked shit, some evildoing shit, if you ask me, man. They're coming here to fight us. I wonder if President Bush will ever find out about this. It's what the president's been talking about with the war on terrorists. This is why we're here. Go on, man, fuck it up. The fuck is wrong with you, Dawg? What is it with you white boys? Leave you alone for 10 minutes, you go all "lord of the flies" and shit. What up, yo? Holy fucking shit, dude. Unreal. Rude, check it out. I'm you. Here, dead. Alive. I'm dead here. Now I'm alive. - I'm dead. Alive. Dead. - Ray. What's your point? Just trying to cheer you up, brother. Fucking unreal. I'm putting you in Trombley's seat when we move out. You need some rest. I'm okay Brad. Trombley slept a couple of hours last night. You didn't. I want you in some shade inside the Humvee. Lt's boys are eating some weird-ass meat over there. It's like Jeffrey Dahmer's picnic. Makes you appreciate shit... Makes you appreciate shit like... good old-fashioned chunked, formed meat patties. That was some fucking true Iceman shit you pulled last night. Your superhuman powers of observation saved the whole platoon. Shit, Dawg they thought they were gonna get the drop on Iceman? Fuck no. The Iceman can see you before you even know you're there. Those guys were untrained amateurs. Oh yeah? How come we didn't see them? You're not as good as me. What kind of goddamn sadists work at the M.R.E. factory? 10 days and nothing but peanut butter. When the fuck am I going to get a jalapeno and cheese? I'm allergic to peanuts. How's everybody doing? It's just the same every day now. Dig a hole, eat,... - kill. - And jack off. Be nice to add some sleep into the mix. You know funny thing is... I would done anything to save those shepherds trombley hit. Yesterday I musta killed two, maybe three guys. I don't feel nothing. Me neither Dawg. I shot some motherfucker right in the grape, saw the back of his head bust off. I don't feel nothing. - Is this how true warriors feel? - Don't fool yourself. We aren't being warriors out here. They're just using us as machine operators, semiskilled labor. T.Is over here. Just about ready, Sir. The news on Pappy is good. This morning he was taken to the R.C.T. shock-trauma, where they loaded him onto a bird. He's on his way to a navy hospital in Spain. Back at Camp Mathilda, Pappy once said, "Don't pet a burning dog. " I had nodea what he meant by that until 12 hours ago. Last night we pet a burning dog. I know it. You know it. There's no use in pretending we didn't. That's very astute, Sir. We step off in 30 minutes. Our route is taking us through the center of Muwaffaqiyah, the town we almost made it to last night. But isn't the bridge damaged, Sir? There's an alternate route. I think we can take it from here, Sir. Thank you, Gents. I got new map sheets of the A.O. We did pet a burning dog. In more ways than one. Those jihadists who attacked us? Isn't this the exact opposite of what we want to have happen here? It's all on that guy's passport. 2 weeks ago he was still a student in syria. He wasn't a jihadi until we came to Iraq. Hitman Two. Something is loose in your vehicle. Roger that. Ray, in about one klik we'll hit the cutoff to the town. Why didn't we go this way last night? You're not thinking military, dude. See, bypassing the ambush is just what the ambushers expected us to do. If they expected us to bypass them, why did they set up the ambush? Because they're not professional military. Slow down, Ray. Shit, those could be more of those dudes we fought last night. Hitman Two, this is Two One. On our two o'clock we are passing a group of foot-mobiles, all male, early 20s, definitely not from around here. I strongly request permission to set up a snatch mission on them. How copy? Stand by. This is two actual. Our request for a snatch has been denied. Over. Roger. Thanks for trying. Jesus, look at all that ordnance. This looks like jihad central. All Hitman Two Victors, we are to proceed to our objective as per Godfather's orders. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two. Hold your sectors. It's weird. We had one guy shot in the foot and another guy take a little shrapnel in the leg, and we level half the town. Hajis gotta learn. Hitman Two One, the M.S.R. that we're blocking is on the northeast corner of the town. Push through to that point. Copy that. Ray, push through to the edge of town. We're setting up a roadblock. Hey, you got that camera working again? I thought that shit was dead. Yeah. We got team three accompanying engineers to check out a Ba'ath military installation. Cool cool. We got kids up the alley. Don't shoot. They're just curious. Republican guard took over every classroom. Now we get to blow up a school. This is every fourth-grade boy's fantasy. We know kids were here until february. Now that's freaky. Yeah. Why'd these kids draw little girls with blonde hair? Saddam was even trying to steal our holiday. That's fucking twisted. Oh, shit. I don't like it when civilians flee, Dawg. Brad. Meesh has debriefed some locals who say jihadists are planning to attack us with suicide bombers. Soon as Team Three gets back, we're clearing the town and pushing north. Roger that, Sir. What are you doing with that smoke grenade? What we discussed yesterday, Sir. New procedure for stopping cars. Charlie has already started using blue smoke. I don't like this, Brad. We fire the smoke grenade 100 meters distant. If it's bad guys, we have time to light 'em up. We've got reports of suicide bombers. We can still kill the cars that don't stop. This just gives civilians a chance. I'm asking, Sir. You do have power over this. All right. We got a vehicle. Don't fire unless they drive through and I give the order. You turned him, Sergeant. No shit, you obvious motherfucker. All Hitman Two Victors, this is Hitman Two Three. Controlled det in 10, 9... We got a controlled det in five, four, three, two, one. Why'd we leave that ordinance out in the field if we're gonna blow up the only school in this town? Am I missing something? Got another one coming at us. Fuck, Walt! You didn't even fire a warning shot. That was a wounding shot, motherfucker! You okay? The car kept coming. Yeah. Come on. Sit down. It's all right. Holy shit. Check it out. That's some real rob zombie shit, man. Nice shooting. We're just doing our jobs. All Hitman Victors, the battalion has cleared Muwaffaqiyah. We are to advance up to al kut immediately. Mount up. We're Oscar Mike. We're Oscar Mike! http://www.simail.si - small open source e-mail client, with some unique features not found in any other commercial or oss client http://xcollect.sf.net - organize your movies, tv seris & games collections 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 