Generation Kill: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Generation Kill 
 s1e7 - Bomb in the Garden - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Generation Kill (2008): Season 1, Episode 7 - Bomb in the Garden - full transcript 
 Bravo reaches Baghdad, where the men are shocked by the sheer size and scope of the city. As their time there comes to an end, the Marines take inventory and reflect--even as tensions boil over and disaster strikes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hitman Two, Enrage Three One. We're checking in with you. Roger. We just got... We just had contact. Stand by for six-line. Enrage Three One, we're ready to copy. Before I give you the six-line, do you have a visual on our pos? I need some more. 50 cal ammo! Jesus Christ. That's a lot of city. We're not careful, we'd get lost in this here. Redman, where's the forty mike-mike? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Street after street, alley after alley. Look at it. You thought those little towns a kilometer long were tough. You heard the radio traffic on the way in. Still got fedayeen sniping at American units down there. So where are we headed exactly? This area right here, a shia slum called Saddam City. Saddam City? Need to rename that bitch. All Hitman Victors, this is Hitman actual. We are red-con one in 5 mikes. Roger that, Hitman. We're Oscar Mike in five mikes. Mount up! We're on the road, boys! - All right. - Oscar mike! - Gear up, team Two! - Ray. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Dude, check it out. I wrote "U.S.A." with my piss. All Hitman Two Victors, keep good dispersion and stay vigilant. Two One, copy. Two One Bravo, roger. Two Three, roger that. Hitman Three Two, roger that. Hitman Three Two actual, this is Hitman Two One actual. This is Three Two actual. - Send it. - Get me Kocher. He is no longer on this team. Over. Say again. Be advised: the team leader's been fired. Over. Can't raise Kocher? He's not riding with Three Two. Were you guys singing King of the road without me? Copy that, Godfather. Hail the conquering heroes! It's General Mattis's arrogant bastards! All hail first recon! Fuck yeah! Show us your tits! Dance, you pretty bitch! Brad, what the hell is this? The fuck's all this silver paper they're throwing at us? - Cigarette factory. - Anyone got a match? Where they make these Iraqi shit sticks. Compliments of your new billet. If these were Marlboros, we'd be fuckin' rich. Fuckin' haji cigarettes. Next we'll all be eating raghead pussy. This has got to be the biggest cloud of secondhand smoke ever. They fuckin' execute people for shit like this in California. T.L.S, looks like we're staging the vehicles outside. Gunny, what's the drill here? We've been digging holes every night. Combat's over, Rudy. Besides, you can't dig through concrete. Dirty, what the fuck is going on? Kocher and Redman, you gotta hear it from them. They're back with motor T, Colbert. Motor T? Roger that, Hitman Three actual. Buddy, where do I find Sergeant Kocher? Thanks. I think the belt's fucked. Dawson, get your fat ass over here. Well, Brad, how do you like my new M.O.S.? I'm a fucking pog. At least we got tunes. It's gangster back here with the pogs, dude. What's going on? He ain't team leader no more. Because of that E.P.W. takedown, the one where Captain America was trying to get us to help bayonet the haji. He tries to stick the dude, we stop him. We get suspended. - Fuck. - Them reservists reported our unit. The same first Sergeant who shook my hand and told me I saved his life when I pulled that E.P.W. out of the bushes writes up a report saying we're all involved. We were trying to stop the Captain, now I'm a war criminal? Battalion's got a full inquiry. Godfather's on it personally. Why is the Captain still commanding the platoon? They relieved him. For about 20 minutes. Then reinstated him. Seems like officers don't like to suspend other officers. Every one of us, we get paid to brutalize people. But our Captain, he's brutal to the wrong people. Eric, I'm not gonna stand for this. I'll request mast. You know where to find us. Brad, you heard, didn't you? I'm not gonna stand for my men being fucked like this. My uncle's a full-bird Colonel at centcom and I'm contacting him. - I'm hiring a lawyer. For all of us. - For all of you? The important thing, is that Eric and Redman hang together. We don't want them talking on their own. Eric looks up to you. Let him know I gotta take the lead. Sir, at the risk of speaking out of turn, it seems to me those men might not share the same interests as you. They're suspended - and you're not. - Beyond my control. You know, the marine corps promised to watch our backs. They said that we would be held accountable to facts not as they are in hindsight but as they appeared to us at the time. They told us that going in. And now they're hanging us out to dry. Yeah. "First recon will conduct military operations in and around Saddam City, "to include patrols that establish the American presence, "stop the looting, and restore a sense of security "in order to allow critical life-sustaining functions to take place. "The intent is to locate key facilities in our zones "such as schools and hospitals, "to collect intelligence on fedayeen "and ba'ath loyalists who are still at large, "and to prevent lawlessness and disarm the populace. "The end state is a humble competent force occupying this area, "ensuring security and mutual trust between us and the local populace. " We have rolled through this country fucking things up. And now we have to show these people what we liberated them for. Marines have been here for about 24 h. They've set up on the other side of this warehouse. They've had one killed and one wounded from sniper and mortar fire, so keep your P.P.E. on at all times. Those are navy seal snipers set up on the top floor of the office tower. And judging from their rate of fire, dropping a bad guy every five or 10 minutes. But compared to where we've been, I think it's pretty safe here. We should all get a good night's rest. That's it. A fuckin' car bomb at the main gate. Motherfuckers from One Five are lighting up the street like it's cool. Should we go help them out? Looks like I was wrong about that good night's rest. No purple heart, no disability check for you, reporter. - Waste of a good bullet. - This is definitely not good. Not good at all. Fuck! Who's on watch next? - Lilley and Leon. - Where's their racks at? Everyone in Bravo will stand up and testify as to his incompetence. He has a fullbird uncle at Centcom. I'm sure he's mentioned it to you. There's nothing to be done, Brad, just suck it up and smile. Combat jack? No, I tried to shit. I was looking for a place, I ended up out by the front gate. People started shooting at each other. I think I heard an Iraqi get shot right in front of me. It's too bad. He probably would have liked democracy. Is that all you got? Mail call. Lilley. - Chaffin. - Here. - Espera. - Yo, dawg. - Fuck, all I got is bills. - Brah, they repo'ed my car. Don't they know you're a war hero? Fuck. - Got a letter from my wife here. - What's wrong with that? It came from a lawyer. Damn, dawg. That's cold. She wants to take my kids with her back to Reno. Everything okay? Yeah, she's been taking Jessie to dance class. She's been managing the house okay, she sent her love. It's all good, dawg. My wife says she misses me so much. She says she's gonna join the Marines so we can be closer. She already signed the papers. What the fuck? She'll get sent straight to motor T so she can get airtighted by three niggers. She'll look like a fucking cumdragon. I'd like to call in some danger-close on my wife, that's for fucking sure. And maybe fly some Cobras right up her fucking lawyer's ass too! Ain't all joy and happiness is it? Mail call kind of brings it home. If morale gets really bad, Mike, let me know. I'll stir 'em up good with the grooming standard. I'll let you know. This was apparently Uday and Qusay's cigarette factory. They exported 20 brands of cigarettes and made almost $50 million a year. Sounds like you've been doing some research. I might write a book one day. What about you? Yeah, I mean, I got so much... We need help. We need help. - We understand. - Please, stop the looting. Listen, order will be restored very soon. This is what we were talking about, sir. It's the only place in the compound not covered by this three-meter wall, just this chain-link fence. Reporter, get down! - Sniper. He's in front of us. - How can you tell? You can only hear that clearly when you're in front of the rifle barrel. That zip means it's passing a few meters from our ears. One at a time. - Colbert, go. - Bounding! - Set! - I got no muzzle flashes. - Rudy, go! - Bounding! - Set! - Lovell, go! Bounding! - Set! - Poke, go! Bounding! - Set! - Reporter, you ready? - Yes! - Go! What the fuck? Set, sir! All up, sir. Reporter, what the fuck was that? Serpentine, shell, serpentine. You know, the movie The In-laws. Peter Falk tells Alan Arkin, "Always run in a serpentine fashion. " - I was running evasively. - The next time we come under fire, run in a straight line. You'll live longer. And have a full happy life of betraying us and others with your venal lies. This place is crawling with fucking grunts. Looks like my fucking high school, man. I don't get it. We're sending out one patrol a day? It's Charlie today, us tomorrow, and then, Alpha goes day after. How the fuck are we supposed to take over Baghdad on one patrol a day? It's because battalion only got one translator. Meesh can only go out one patrol at a time. Gentlemen. First Battalion Fourth Marines have occupied this structure. Respectfully, you are asked to Ratfuck some other establishment. Ricky recon, you have a nice day. Who the fuck they think they are? - They got there first is all. - Yeah, fuck that. Hells yeah. Jackpot! Damn, look at all this stuff. Hells yeah. Bring in my big-legged secretary. Now, right away. Send her in. And tell her to bring me a coffee. And a blowjob with extra slobber. - Shit, man! - Fuck it! Captain America made me a war criminal anyway? Damn right. This is like that holiday dirty Earl is always talking about, the one where the working man gets to fuck the rich man's shit up! - Hell no! - Hell no! You heinous, dawg! Let's get the fuck out of here. Nice. America good. Saddam no good. No jobs. You want anything, bribes. No good. No good. We have nothing to do but talk, play dominos, smoke. - Saddam was an asshole! - Want a cigarette? Life is very hard. - Smoke? - Yeah, thanks. You have Valium? - Valium? - Valium. No, no. - Because I can't sleep at night. - Really? Why? And the store to buy liquor has been closed since the bombing has been started. That's horrible. I got some uppers if you want to party all night. - Valium. - No, just uppers. - No downers. - No, Valium. Valium. Valium... Groovy my brother. Check it, bro. The men are all sitting around talking shit, and the women are all working. If we fight the women instead of the men, we'd get our asses kicked. Man, they act like they actually want us here. Let me see under glasses. You have beautiful eyes. You like boys or girls? Girls, dawg. Girls? Go with my friend. You'll like. Walt. - I think we got a light one here. - Just smile like it's all good. He liked you, bro. It's a long list. Unexploded munitions, lack of electricity, no running water, broken phone lines, ransacked hospitals, and bandits coming through at night, robbing homes. And they want jobs. Is that all? Yeah, for now. - Let's mount 'em up. - Yes, sir. All right, mount up! We're Oscar Mike! That was cool. The phone lines are broken, the hospitals are ransacked, not to mention the fact they told me they get robbed by bandits at night. We should be out in these neighborhoods at night, when they need us. That's a no-go. Battalion says there's too much heavy fighting - going on at night for us to patrol. - Right, that's exactly why... Battalion thinks what we have to do is let this work itself out. Work itself out? "The ability of hostile forces in Baghdad to successfully "and continually engage our forces will be complicated "by the local shia's intolerance, "for regime paramilitary forces hiding out in their neighborhoods. " You're saying we're gonna stand down and let one side kill the other. Battalion says we don't go out at night. It's too dangerous. Godfather says the Shias will be doing our dirty work for us. If we go out after dark, the Shia's might engage us. Tomorrow night we're billeted to the north of the city in a hospital complex. But Captain, the neighborhood we were at todayneeds us. That's not our mission. Hitman Two actual, this is Hitman Two One. We're at the objective. Roger, dismount up here. Over. Two One copy. Let's find out what they need. They say they require only two items: fresh water, and statues of George Bush, which they plan to erect up and down the street as soon as the Americans help them pump out the sewage. They think Bush is a ruler like Saddam. They don't understand the idea of a president who maybe next year will go out. They're drinking shit water. Damn. Where is our interpreter from? He walked up to the factory yesterday, volunteered his services. They said the barricades to help keep people out... Everyone is armed. Because the police stations and the armories have been emptied, an A.K. now costs the same as about two packages of cigarettes. Those from an outlying neighborhood have set up a mortar behind the mosque and at night, they shoot mortars at random. - They kill us! - Ali Baba! Ali Ba! You've taken the country apart. You're not putting it back together. The violence that goes on at night- - Letting vigilantes and thieves out will not correct the problems of Saddam's rule. All this... is a bomb. If it explodes, it will be bigger than the war. Two, every other day. Two, okay? - Two. - Yeah. Stiney? Rehydration pack and water, all right? You got it. Rehydration packs... and water. You can smell the cordite in the air from all the gunfire overnight. This is supposed to be the Shia removing the Fedayeen - and the Sunnis that backed Saddam. - It's bullshit. That's what theytell us in the briefings but this is a 100% Shia neighborhood. They asked me if it was possible, could we stay the night. I had to tell them no, we had orders. They asked for water. I told them we'd come back another day. But guess what. I just got word that we're gonna rebillet again, move from the hospital to some power plant further east. Chances are we'll patrol another neighborhood tomorrow and then another one the next day. This is madness. They say they have headaches, they cannot sleep. They want Valium. Tell them I'm not gonna give them Valium or anything else for cutting in front of the kids. It's okay. Bro, give that back! - Doc? - Yeah. I'm handing out candy to the sick kids outside. These dudes just come by and steal it from them. Grown fucking men! Okay, get the fuck out of here. Go! Sir, we're about to be overrun. I can see that. All right. We're gonna egress as soon as possible. Two One alpha, this is Two One Bravo... Outta the way! - I'm sorry, we've got to go. - Back it up! Make sure they don't steal anything out of our trucks. You're gonna talk to them alone? Why aren't you going with Lt Fick? - The Imam will not talk to soldiers. - Can I come with you? Dude, you're a soldier. No, I'm not. Where did Mr. Hussein go? - I mean, wasn't he... - He disappeared. He was a Ba'athist agent sent to spy on you. What? Wait here... Infidel. So what did he say? Well, he says he welcomes the Americans as long as they don't expose the Iraqi people to any corrupting influences. I told him we would bring water down to distribute from the mosque. Also I asked him for help with the crowd so that they don't go crazy. He says that the Americans should hit them if they come too close. What? He says these people are used to being pushed around. All week long, everywhere we go, people have been asking us for water. We finally bring it to them and nobody fucking wants it. They are broadcasting that it's against Islam to help the Americans. Yeah, we invaded their country. You'd think they'd at least be grateful. Are you sure the Imam wanted the Americans to come here? Dude, the meeting was totally cool. I don't know what to think. What does Meesh say? Not that Meesh is that big of an asshole or anything, but how did an elite unit like ours roll into this shit with only one guy who could fucking speak Arabic? I mean, what the fuck, sir? Roger, Hitman actual. Solid copy on frag. Hitman Two out. This is a park right here that's supposed to be used as a staging area for the Fedayeen. From our position, we're gonna be able to use night optics and set up an OP on the park. And come morning, we move in and sweep it for signs of hostile forces. Gentlemen, - they finally gave us a night recon. - You're really desperate, Brad. It's bizarre. All of them driving in and out of the city like it's normal. - Yeah. - Hitman actual to Hitman Two. Hitman Two actual. Godfather is saying it's time for us to be more aggressive. Suggest you send foot patrols out into the neighborhoods below. - How copy? - More aggressive? Godfather says it's time for us to increase our presence. Sir, given the level of disorder in the city at this time, and given our lack of a cohesive mission, I'm gonna have my men remain in a defensive position until dawn, - when we'll move on the park. - Negative. Godfather... Hitman, having assessed the situation from close observation, I'm gonna keep my men in a defensive posture until dawn. How copy? Hitman Two, I say again... They want me to be more aggressive. Send the men into this. For what? So I can come home with 21 men instead of 22? For what? I trust your judgment, sir. I can be wrong. A platoon commander's situational awareness doesn't extend very far. Far enough, sir. I'm talking about a lack of obedience to orders. Your job, Nate, is to execute whatever your Captain tells you to execute, and you don't. Given that you were not actually present to assess the situation, I used my discretion as the C.O. of the... You've been questioning my orders ever since Ar Rifa. No, I have executed your orders on every occasion except those few in which - to do so would have needlessly... - You believe this? The Corps won't forget. It never does, Lieutenant. Dismissed. Get me the det kit. Dawg, this is not cool. Just go and get it from the truck, Poke. Exactly what do you know about ordnance removal? Jack and shit. Kids play in this garden. This is some bullshit. Garden? What garden? A garden's supposed to have plants in it. This is bullshit. - What's the Sergeant doing? - Trying to blow hisself up. Probably gonna blow us all up. Hey guys. You remember those old movies where they hit the bomb... Thanks. - No problem, Brad. - ... and the main guy has to cut either the red wire or the black wire and he's sweating his balls off? This is kinda like that. - Who thought we'd be doing this shit... - Shut up, Ray. It's time, gents. God! Hell yeah! I love it when bombs go off! Love that shit! Blowed up real good. Don't you feel better now? Like this solves anything. Well, there's one less bomb in the garden now, isn't there? Dawg, did you hear on the BBC today? Some newly arrived grunts slaughtered some Iraqi kids who were playing on blown tanks. You serious? It's true, man. It happened. They were playing on top of the tanks, so the R.O.E. said they were technically armed. General Mattis, he's on the radio saying this was the worst thing in the war so far. They're screwing this up. Fucking idiots. Don't they fucking realize the world already hates us? Another one! Fuck. He says it's in a hole next to his house. - All right, let's go. - Hey, dawg. Hey, dawg! You know when I was gonna write a book about my life as a repo man in L.A.? You know what I was gonna call it? "Nobody gives a fuck. " That's right. Nobody does. You know the ideal place and time to repo a car? Crowded parking a lot, mid-afternoon. You can jump in the car, drive that bitch off with the car alarm blaring. Nobody's gonna stop you. Nobody's even gonna look at you. Know why? Nobody gives a fuck. In my line of work, - that was key to everything. - We kill civilians, we're gonna waste this fucking victory. - We can't keep doing this. - Relax, Iceman, relax. The only thing we gotta worry about here are fucking do-gooders. Luckily - there's not too many of those. - Get out of there, Brad. - Sir, we've another Mark-82... - That's an order. - Sir, I strongly request... - I will not let you blow yourself up trying to maintain property values in Baghdad. That's a no-go. Up and out, Sergeant. Get out of the hole. We're done here, Brad. Yes, but the secret to great porn is that you never want to see the guys, not their faces. What if he eats her out? How can you not see his face? It definitely looks like gin. - It's clear. - The man's asking $5 a fifth. - More than reasonable? - What kind is it? That doesn't come out when there are officers or senior N.C.Os present. Aye, aye, sir. Yo, what's this they got us racked out in? It's a soccer stadium. It's where Saddam's kid had his soccer team. He'd torture them if they'd lose. They must have been pretty good. Well, boys, to our last night in Baghdad. Lt. 's just got to hand in his write-up so Ferrando can get all the medals and streamers lined up for battalion. And I heard Eckhoff saying that we're moving to a base just south of the city tomorrow. So that's it, brah. We're out. Shit! Back home on the news I'll bet you they're talking about what heroes we all are now. Reality is we're the kids other parents told their kids not to hang with in high school. Rudy, put your damn shirt on. You know what I'd like to see? A couple of them college kids from an MTV beach party drop into Iraq. They could see what being a hero is really like. The first time they'd see what it was like not to have control over their fucking lives. On second thought, scratch that. Middle-class college kids out here will get us all killed. Yo, what I'd like to see? Shit, I've seen 203 rounds go into windows and through a door one time. But what I wish I had seen? A grenade go up in someone's body and just... Boom. Blow that shit up. - Crazy motherfucker. - I mean it. - That motherfucker's gun is caught? - Pull, motherfucker, pull! Pull it! Look at this fuck. God damn, that motherfucker's Mr. Magoo up there. That was slapstick. - Look at that fool! - Shit, what up, brother? - Yeah, you do your thing! - Haji ought to hit him with a pie! Dawg, you catch that? Yeah, that one's in my movie for sure, bro. - Nice. - The shit is magic. You know the military can fuck up anything. They can even make going to the beach suck. But one thing that ain't overrated is combat. You take rounds, you shoot back, shit starts blowing up... Fucking sensory overload. That was cool. Who do we invade now? This isn't over, Ray. We don't even know what we've started. We may be here all summer long. 21 days. 21 days to take down an entire country. You gotta give the white man his props. What's that? You writing her back? Yeah. My wife, man, she's smart, but... she fucked up when she married me. I was a piece of shit. I remember the first time I met her, she told me about all the books that she had read. Dawg, it hit me. There's a whole world that I missed. Before I met her, I used to think: "I got a shit load of hand skills, "welding, "pipefitting, "repoing cars. "Any pussy can read a book. " See, I didn't... I didn't grow up?with no understanding. My mom tried, but... but my dad, he was this... he was a psycho ex-Marine Vietnam vet. What do you mean psycho? He won a bronze star. Shit, I wish I had his warrior skills. But... he left us. Left after his fucking jealous bitch of a girlfriend shot his ass in my mom's house. One day my old man, he tries to patch things up with me. He's gonna take me fishing. Except on the way to the lake, he takes us to this porn shop so he can have a jack in the booths. Leaves me outside in the parking lot where this... old fruit tries to cruise me. I threw a fucking brick through that fool's windshield. That was our father-son trip. Dawg, listen to this. "I've learned there's two types of people in Iraq: "those who are very good, "and those who are dead. "I'm very good. "I've lost 20 Ibs, shaved my head, "started smoking, "my feet have half rotted off "and I move from filthy hole to filthy hole every night. "I see "dead children and people everywhere, "and function in a void of indifference. "I keep you and our daughter locked away deep inside, "and I try not to look there. " Dawg, you think that's too harsh? Tony, you know, you think way too much. Sir, battalion's on the net. Assassin Actual, standing by to copy. Battalion requires an escort for engineers no later than 2300 at Grid Papa Sierra 458 923. How copy? Roger that. Now you copy this, Major. My men are not carrying out that mission. This is a no-go. I say again, Godfather requires an escort for two engineers They wanted us to help engineers mark a minefield with chem-lights. - At night? - Yeah. It's against division orders. Fucking idiots. Hitman Three, this is Hitman Actual. Hitman Three, standing by to copy. Battalion requires an escort for combat engineers to mark a minefield, no later than 2300 at Grid Papa Sierra 458923. How copy? Over. Yes, sir. Hitman Three is on it. Where's Kocher? We're back in business tonight. Battalion has a minefield that needs to be marked. At night? Aren't you the guys that were suspended for trying to bayonet a prisoner? Yep. What happened with that? We weren't trying to bayonet a prisoner. We were exonerated. The Captain was trying to bayonet the prisoner. I hear he's getting a medal for it. Same goofus who's got us all out here at night trying to mark a minefield. I thought they were just supposed to stand in the road and toss chem-lights into the field. What are they doing way the fuck out there? Hitman, this is Hitman Three. We are proceeding accordingly... Dirty, get the corpsman! Man down! Get the corpsman! - Hitman, this is Hitman Three... - Get up, bro, easy easy. ...a landmine detonate on the engineers! Possible man down! I say again, we have a po... Correction, we have two men down! Here, come down on your knees. There you go. - I think it's my eye. How does it look? - All right. Yeah, it looks pretty good. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna give you some gauze, add some pressure to it. Here you go. Okay, I'll get you on three. One, two, three. Eric? Eric? Don't step on a landmine. Gunny, no drama. We'll have you back in no time. - Fuck, fuck, fuck, it hurts. - Give him morphine. No, can't give him morphine till he's stabilized. Turn off here. I know a shortcut. It's on the mapsheet. - Sir, let's take the road we know. - No, Sergeant! It's a goddamn order. I know this shortcut. Stop! We need to unload it. Carisalez, Redman! Get him to the back of Moreno's vehicle. Out, out. I got the leg. Keep going. Good. Good, good, good. It's all right. This sucks. We need this inventoried. Down to the last bullet before we ship out. What the fuck is that? They got wild dogs roaming around the camp by the shitters. They use shotguns on them. You see, Sergeant? We do shoot dogs in Iraq. Ratfucked a blown haji tank. I can't believe I'm getting paid to dip, work out and hang out with the best guys in the world. - Let's go. - Fuck it, dude. Brad, you need to fill these D.D.40s in triplicate for the shipping pallets. Yes, sir. - Any word on those mine casualties? - Cas-evac'd at dawn. One lost an eye, the other a leg beneath the knee. Any word on why Encino Man sent them out on orders that Alpha company refused? This war has an official name now: Operation Iraqi Freedom. Hoo-rah, sir. Hoo-rah. I don't miss anything from home. The only exception is my bike. I miss that. Speed, solitude and no one can touch me. Where the fuck did you go? You haven't said two words since Baghdad. No more ripped fuel. Man... It seems no matter where we go as marines, it's always some fucking shithole. Well, I'll see y'all. Thanks. Stay frosty. We're gonna play some guys from Alpha. You guys up for that? Hoo-rah, motherfuckers. Fuck it, I'll play. Back among the living? Colonel. So what'd you see, reporter? No other military in the world can do what we do. The Marines are America's shock troops. Is there anything you want to ask me before you unhitch your wagon? Captain Americ... Captain McGraw, Sir. All right now, he walked a fine line. Okay? But in the end, he was within the box of acceptable behavior. But in my mind, when you allow that behavior to progress, you end up with a My Lai. You think I should have taken harsher action. Two attempted bayonetings. But no Iraqi prisoners actually wounded. All right, now I wasn't there to see what happened and I have conflicting reports from those who were. But we're in a war zone, reporter. And if I expect my subordinates to remain effective in combat, then I have to show them trust... Until it's proven to me beyond any doubt that they are undeserving of that trust. Now the same support I extend to Captain McGraw is extended to all my officers. Lieutenant Fick, for example. I'm sure you're aware there's some in this battalion who feel that Lieutenant Fick is unfit for command. You should consider your sources, sir. So what happens to my command if I respond to every complaint made against one of my men? It's a terrible feeling to be the man sending other people into combat. Terrible feeling. But something else I'm struggling with... is the excitement I felt... in getting shot at. It's just something I hadn't anticipated about war. Did you? Break! Let's go! We got 'em. No problem, no problem. Hut one, hut two. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Help him. Get up. - Go, baby, go. - Fuck yeah! Outstanding, baby! Alpha ain't got nothing on us. Let's go. Huddle up. Next down. Come on now. That'd be some buckeye football! Hell yeah! Ready? Let's go, guys. Come on. Come on, motherfuckers. Ready, set, hut! - We own these motherfuckers. - Way to go, baby. Alpha's too slow! Let's go, Bravo. Come on! Come on brother, bring it. My sister needs her shorts back - Here we go, baby. - I own these motherfuckers. I own 'em, baby! Yeah. Captain! - Fucking kill you, man. - It's a game, sir. It got out of hand. Relax relax. What was that about? Fucking asshole. I'm fine. Motherfucker. I'm gonna fucking kill you. Let him go! Let him go! Rudy, Rudy! Come on, Rudy, get off. - Motherfucker! - Stay there. You goddamn fucking piece of shit! You fucking P.T.S.D. Psycho. You're just like every other jock piece of shit in high school. Get the fuck off of me. Maybe we shouldn't play football anymore. Ray! Brother! - You all right? - God damn it, Rudy. Go to your little quiet place and chant, motherfucker. Y'all gets a free pass on the hooch tonight. But tomorry, y'all tighten up your assholes. Roger that. We have to believe things are better now than they were under Saddam. This place was fucked before we got here and it's fucked now. I don't believe we liberated the Iraqis. Only time will tell. I just wish I could go back to that roadblock in Al Hayy. See if those guys I shot in that truck were enemy or just confused. Could have been a truckload of babies, with the rules of engagement you did the right thing. The priest told me it's not a sin to kill if you don't enjoy killing. My question is... whether indifference... is the same as enjoyment. All religious stuff aside, the fact is people who can't kill will always be subject to those who can. Yo, check it, check it! The shiznit, my brothers. Two One Bravo productions. Come on up. Fuck yeah, brothers. Do your thing. Two One Bravo's cholo video. Let me see your wife's titties. Yo, doc, you want to come check out Lilley's movie? You're all gonna jerk off. You guys ready? - Let's do it. - Bring it. And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder. One of the four beasts saying, "Come and see," and I saw. And behold a white horse. - Mayday, baby. - War is nothing. What's up? Scuba recon rangers! First recon battalion! And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts. And I looked and behold, a pale horse. And his name that set on him was death. And hell followed with him. http://www.simail.si - small open source e-mail client, with some unique features not found in any other commercial or oss client http://xcollect.sf.net - organize your movies, tv seris & games collections 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 