Deadly Power: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadly Power 
 s1e4 - Fighting the Faith - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadly Power (2018): Season 1, Episode 4 - Fighting the Faith - full transcript 
 A young girl growing up in a polygamist community must choose between her freedom and her soul when the prophet forces her to marry her first cousin. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - She found the man - She found the man of her dreams. - She saw that Fred would be a good husband and father figure. - His career took him deep into the halls of power. - His connections ran from the top to the bottom. - They were a seemingly perfect couple. - He was the ambitious lawyer. She was a beautiful, pretty, nice stay-at-home mom. - But then, everything changed. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - She was starting to get too worried. She didn't know what he was involved in. - He would be out of the house early morning to late at night. I think her first instinct was to protect my brother and I. - Fred was involved with dangerous people. - And it scared her to death. - In the early 1980s, Atlanta, Georgia was on the verge of transforming into a thriving center for business and culture. The booming economy attracted ambitious people 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 from all over the nation, people like Sara Ambrusko and Fred Tokars. Sara and Fred both found success, wealth, and power in Atlanta's new high society, but the pursuit of money and influence can be an intoxicating invitation to an abuse of power. - My mother, Sara Tokars, was the middle daughter of seven daughters. Catholic family from Buffalo, New York. She was the daughter of a surgeon... My grandfather, Dr. John Stephen Ambrusko, and his wife, my grandmother Phyllis. - The kind of childhood we had growing up was just... oh, my gosh, it was just so idyllic. Sara was a trailblazer of our family, 'cause she was the first one to convince my mom and dad that she wanted to go to the public school, and when she went there, she became a cheerleader. None of us had ever done anything like that. - After high school, Sara's adventurous spirit leads her all over the country, first to Colorado for college, then to Florida for a teaching job. In 1980, she falls in love with a handsome health club instructor. Before long, the two marry, and move to the booming city of Atlanta to start a new life. - She started working at different nightclubs, doing public relations and marketing. She was always able to promote things and get people excited about stuff, make sure everyone was having fun. - But less than a year into her marriage, the fun-loving Sara has her first major setback. - Sara and her husband started having lots of problems. They were just fighting and not getting along at all. - Although the couple work hard to save the relationship, nothing seems to help. - So she ended up divorcing him. - The fact that her first marriage failed... I think, you know, that definitely affected her. - Newly single at 30, Sara is brokenhearted and fears she'll never have the life she's dreamed of. After a year of soul-searching, hope shines again when a familiar face appears on the local news: an up-and-coming prosecutor named Fred Tokars, who's also from Buffalo. - I knew Fred from high school. My sister, Karen, dated Fred's younger brother. - The first time I met Fred, I was at the University of Miami. Fred was very charismatic. He was basically the big man on campus. He was a leader, and he was dream man of the different sororities. If someone would ask who would be the most likely to succeed, it would be Fred Tokars. - Fascinated by her hometown hero's success, Sara calls him up to say hello. She's thrilled when he asks her out on a date. - He was a district attorney, and so she was like, "Isn't that great?" "He's the guy that fights the bad guys." - He wanted to make something of himself, and he did it the hard way. No shortcuts with Fred. And he was not only ambitious, but he was driven. - This guy would get up in the middle of the night and go make sure that some criminal's in jail. He had the power to do the right thing. She liked that. - Handsome, charming, and powerful, Fred offers Sara a second chance at love. - It was important for her to impress my dad, because I think she felt bad that the first marriage had been such a disappointment, so she wanted to make him feel better, that things were gonna be okay. - Sara's dream of a family like the one she grew up with finally seems within reach. - I think she saw in Fred's success and his ambition that he would be a good husband and father figure, like how my dad was. - Fred falls hard for Sara, too, and in July, 1985, less than a year after their first date, the couple marries. They move into a sprawling home in the affluent community of East Cobb, 40 miles outside Atlanta. - The house was impressive. It was in a beautiful suburb, with lots of property. You could tell that someone who was successful lived in that house. - And with the arrival of their first son, Rick, Sara and Fred's dream of starting a family comes true. - They just seem like they had a great relationship. They were like Ken and Barbie. - While Sara relishes motherhood, Fred's career takes a lucrative turn. - Fred decided to leave prosecution and go into private practice. He always felt that he wanted to make a lot more money than you make as an assistant district attorney. He seemed to have a real aptitude toward figures, tax law, and accounting, and he was able to sell that particularly to the businesses that came to him for representation. - Fred soon adds another feather to his cap. - Fred had an "in" with the court system and with the political structure in Atlanta. He was a part-time judge. That's an appointment that's made by the mayor. - For Fred Tokars to be a city court judge... Clearly, he had some influence. - By 1988, Fred's clout is growing, and so is his family, as Sara gives birth to their second son, Mike. - She was trying to recreate that idyllic family life that she grew up with. - I just remember it being a typical family house with a lot of toys around the living room, and high chair there for the baby, and stuff like that. - And with Sara by his side, Fred's client list is growing even more impressive. His hard work is paying off. - There were some big-name sports stars. - He represented Evander Holyfield's wife. - He introduced me to a lot of his partners at his office in downtown Atlanta. You could tell that... they thought that this guy was like Superman. - From the outside, they did look like that perfect couple. He was the ambitious lawyer. She was the beautiful, pretty, nice stay-at-home mom. Had those two adorable little boys, a beautiful home. - Fred Tokars is becoming a powerful figure around town, but his relentless drive is starting to affect his home life. - I don't remember my father being around. He would be out of the house early morning to late at night, after my brother and I had gone to bed. - The time that we did spend with them, he seemed like he did have a big ego. You could never have a conversation with him where you go back and forth. It was always just him talking about himself. - Fred then begins shifting the nature of his clientele. - He represented a lot of drug dealers and people like that. - There's no doubt that the clients that he was representing were unscrupulous. He was a criminal defense lawyer. He was defending criminals. - Sara support's Fred's ambitious career goals, but she can't help wishing he worked with more respectable clients. - She was starting to get too worried. She didn't know what he was involved in. - Fred assures her she has nothing to fear... Until one day, when reality hits home in a terrifying way. - My brother found a pistol under the floorboard of the passenger seat of the car. - The dangerous world of Fred's Atlanta criminal practice has landed in Sara's quiet suburban life. - And it scared her to death. Something was really wrong. Something really illegal was going on. - All of a sudden, there was just FBI detectives and police. I remember just, like, crying. - Fred and Sara Tokars once had a seemingly ideal marriage, but Fred has begun to represent a more sinister clientele, and then, Sara's three-year-old son Rick finds a gun in his father's car. - It just really was alarming to her. There were just these red flags going up. She was worried about the little ones. And it was all just the opposite of what she'd hoped it would be. - I think her first instinct was to protect my brother and I. - Fed up with Fred's dangerous lifestyle, Sara makes a huge decision. - She told him that she wanted a divorce. She was scared and she was worried for the boys to be involved in all this. - But Fred dismisses her. - He wasn't going to let her have a divorce and then ruin this facade of him and this family and everything he had worked so hard to try to create. - Unprepared for a bitter divorce battle with her powerful husband, Sara backs down. Fred then begins demanding more control at home. - He put her on a really, really strict allowance. When she would ask him, "I have to go to the dentist, or "the boys need something extra for school," and he would just say no. She was having so much trouble with Fred because he was being so mean to her. - He did not put the family first. I think he put himself first. - Fred's power over Sara is holding her in an unhappy marriage, and then she finds new cause for concern. - Lots of times, the phone would ring and if she'd pick up, the person would hang up. She was afraid that Fred was having affairs. - It's a painful discovery, but could just be the leverage Sara needs to even the playing field in divorce court. She hires a private detective to investigate Fred's activities. - She was convinced that maybe if the private investigator found some evidence about it, she would be able to get a divorce and get the boys out of there. - Fred had a lot of connections within the police department and within the legal community, so with that knowledge, I had to be very careful. - Ralph follows Fred to an apartment in a nearby complex. - I wasn't there ten minutes when I kept seeing somebody pulling the curtain back, looking out at the street. It was Fred, wanting to know what I was doing there. Maybe 15 minutes later, a patrolman came up and asked me what I was doing. The first thing that went through my mind was Fred's contacts within the system. The officer may have been a friend of his. He knew a lot of police officers. - His connections ran from the top to the bottom. - Armed with the knowledge that Fred is having an affair, Sara again asks for a divorce. - He would say, "I'm a judge, "I know the police "and I'm an attorney, "and if you even try to get a divorce, you'll have the boys taken away from you." - Fred Tokars used that art to intimidate Sara. - But this time, Sara is not backing down. - She was gonna do whatever it took to protect those boys and protect her family. - I think she had made her mind up. "I'm divorcing this guy. "I don't care what I have to do to get me and my kids out of this mess." - Fred had a safe down in the basement that he always kept locked. And somehow, she found the combination to the safe. And she found these papers. When she looked at them, it looked like it was bank accounts in the Bahamas, in these different islands. These accounts were for hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars, and here she's desperate, trying to get 20 bucks to be able to pay the kids' lunch money. Red flags were just everywhere that something was really wrong, something really illegal was going on. She thought she finally had something to get her and the boys out and be safe. - Sara contacted me again and asked me if I would come out and, uh, look at her home. She took me to the safe. And she pulled out a handful of documents. I said, "Sara, I can't touch those. I've got to watch my P's and Q's." - From what he saw from the documents, Ralph was concerned that Fred was involved in a lot more than the normal divorce issues. - This man is dealing in something illegal. - Even this private investigator was scared off by Fred. She was feeling more and more trapped, like she didn't know where she could go to get help. Who could she get to help her? What could she do? - Paralyzed with fear that her children will be taken away from her, Sara decides not to risk confronting Fred again, and as the months turn into years, the relationship gets worse. - Everybody thought that they were doing well and they were happy, but in reality, it was just a nightmare for her, and she was so miserable. - The memories that pop out with the dynamic between my mom and dad... Primarily, it's fighting. Heated arguments. Slamming doors. My mom crying. - As the boys grow older, Sara keeps an eye out for the right time to make her move and escape from Fred's grip, no matter how long it takes. On Sunday, November 29th, 1992, Sara and the boys drive back home after a Thanksgiving visit with her family in Florida. Fred had left the day before to meet a client in Alabama. - I remember being in the car, backing out of the driveway. We had this, like, tradition at my grandparents' house where anytime somebody left, everybody that was still there would, like, come out in the driveway and wave bye to everybody until they'd turned this corner. - My mom and dad stood out in the driveway, waving, and as Sara and the boys left, they were all singing "I'll Be Home for Christmas." - We were in the back seat riding back to Georgia, watching movies. Think it's, like, an eight or nine-hour drive. We pulled up into the garage. My brother was sleeping. We went to open up the door. An individual was inside the house. Held a gun to my mom and I. Back into the car. I He's ordering her to drive and giving directions. "Go left there," "go right there." - I remember looking up at him. He was very forceful and threatening. - We got to a point where he told my mom to turn down a road. My mom, for whatever reason, didn't turn down that road. He said, "Why are you trying to with me?" My mom said, you know, "I'm not trying to with you." - Sara Tokars and her two sons had just returned home from Thanksgiving in Florida when a gunman forced them back into the car. - He said, "Why are you trying to with me?" My mom said, you know, "I'm not trying to with you." He proceeded to shoot her, point-blank. And he got out and took off. My mom was slumped over, uh, so I... I turned the car off and sat there for... you know, I don't know how long. 30 seconds, a minute, maybe. I lifted her back and was shaking her, saying, "Mom, wake up, wake up," and after not getting any response from her, I knew she was hurt. - My brother... he said, "Mommy, you can't die on us now." He helped me out of my seat belt, and he and I ran towards a house with a light on. We had to crawl through bushes, and there was thorns, but... it was like nothing hurt. - I kind of led my brother to this house. Luckily, there was people there. They answered the door. - Somebody called the cops. Eventually, the police showed up. And I remember sitting in the back seat of a cop car, asking if our mom was going to be okay, and they said, "Didn't look like she was doing too well," and, uh... Then I remember being covered in my own vomit. - With their father Fred still in Alabama, visiting a client, Mike and Rick are taken in by Fred's brother, who lives nearby. - I remember saying to my aunt, "Oh, like, when my mom gets out of the hospital..." She said, "She's not gonna be at a hospital. She died." - I remember thinking if our dad had been there, he would've saved the day. - Police head to the Tokars home to investigate. - When detectives got to the scene, there was a sliding glass door from a patio area into the kitchen that was unlocked. And in the master bedroom, some drawers were open, and there was some jewelry laid out. This led us to believe that it was a burglary gone wrong. - After being notified of Sara's death, Fred rushes back to Cobb County. - Sara's funeral was about a week later. It was there in Atlanta. All the family flew in. Fred was just really sad, walking behind the casket, wailing. The boys were not at the funeral. They were just too young for that. There was massive, wall-to-wall coverage from the media. - You got Sara... I mean, you look at her photograph, she looks like the cheerleader mom. Everything, you know, looks like "Ozzie and Harriet," you know? And here, you know, she's taken out of her home and murdered in front of her kids. - That's why everyone was just in such shock about it, because everyone just loved her. Who could do this to Sara? - There was a lot of pressure on us, the police, you know, to solve it. But we found no prints that would link us to any suspect. And worst thing is you got an open homicide on your desk, and I owe it to Sara, owe it to the family, I owe it to those two kids. - From this very sketchy details they had gotten from six-year-old Rick Tokars at that time, they knew they were dealing with a black male. - We found that Sara had been shot and killed with a .410 shotgun. No burglar is gonna come in a house armed with a sawed-off .410 shotgun. - We realized that this was not the type of murders that we saw in Cobb County in 1992. - The whole thing just stunk to high heaven. The scene looked like it was staged, made it look like a burglary. There were things that a burglar would take that weren't taken: televisions and things like that. And it wasn't torn up. It wasn't rummaged through. And then, the alarm was off. She goes in, and this guy's in there, and he takes her right back out and gets her in a car, tells her to drive. You know, it... It didn't make sense. This thing is not a burglary gone bad. - This is an execution. - There was some concern that the very nature of Fred's practice could have spawned an angry client, or someone trying to get even with Fred. - I mean, it's common knowledge these guys are gonna cut your throat for a buck, you know? - He went through all of these business partners and all these associates and all of these dealings and his clients. - Fred was involved with dangerous people. - And then, Sara's sister, Krissy, brings detectives some shocking evidence, copies of the documents that Sara had found in Fred's safe three years before. - Sara said to Krissy, "Hang onto these, "and if anything ever happens to me, just make sure you take them to the police." - We realized this thing was more than just a murder. Fred was no stranger to the FBI. He was, uh, apparently on their radar. - There was an ongoing investigation that actually had started before the murder that involved money laundering through the utilization of nightclubs in the Atlanta area. - Fred represented criminals. Uh, most of them were dope dealers. Fred would set up these clubs and then help them with the money laundering operation. He would tell them how to do it. - Intriguing as the FBI investigation may be, it sheds no light on Sara's murder. The case has hit a dead end. Desperate for answers, Sara's family and friends put together a $50,000 reward for any new information. - Somebody knows who did this. Somebody knows something. - We got all kinds of calls, and we ran every one of them down. - Most of them had no information that was helpful. - I was asked how many suspects we had, and I said... "I don't know. Look in a phone book." I don't know who did it. - But one call comes in that will change everything. - Someone had come forward to say that her brother... Had been the one who had killed Sara. - Three weeks after Sara Tokars' murder, police get their first big break. - The police got a call from Toozdae Rower, and she said that her brother, Curtis Rower, had been the one who had killed Sara. - The 23-year-old ex-con has been living with relatives in Atlanta. - They went to his home, they found him hiding under his bed, and brought him to Cobb County. - Curtis Rower's nothing but a street thug. Long criminal history, long rap sheet, typical low-level kind of doper. During the interview with Rower, uh, he wants to talk to his mom, so I let him call his mom. His mom tells him, "Tell the truth." - He admitted that he killed Sara Tokars. - We were like, "Oh, thank God, thank God. They finally caught somebody," but then when we heard he's just some drug addict and he lived in the city of Atlanta... We were just all so confused. What was he doing there and how did he even get there? Why would he want to kill Sara? - And then Rower tells us about a guy named Eddie Lawrence. - According to Rower, he was introduced to Lawrence by his sister Toozdae, who works in Lawrence's office. - Lawrence comes to Rower with this deal about doing this lick on this... this woman. Rower doesn't know who these people are. He doesn't know Tokars. He doesn't know Sara. - Almost immediately, Eddie Lawrence was arrested. He was brought in for questioning. He denied, uh, any involvement in the murder. But he readily talked about Fred and their business relationship. - Fred Tokars first met Eddie Lawrence when Eddie came to him as a client. - Eddie Lawrence was a con man. Floating bad checks all over the place. - But something in the fast-talking Eddie caught Fred's attention, and before long, the two were business partners. - Fred was actually financing Eddie in several businesses: a real estate business, a home improvement business, an accounting business. - Eddie reveals something even more intriguing. - Lawrence owes Tokars money. - Eddie was saying something like $75,000 to $150,000. - Detectives press Eddie about the debt. - He wouldn't tell us anything. He wouldn't say anything. He was done talking to us. - Police are able to hold Eddie in custody on an outstanding warrant for passing bad checks. Two days later, Fred takes his boys to Florida to visit Sara's family for Christmas. On December 23rd, Cobb County police hold a surprise press conference. - We announce that we've made two arrests in connection with the murder of Sara Tokars. And, of course, we release the names, Eddie Lawrence and Curtis Rower. - And that's when we all just immediately erupted and said, "Oh, my God, Fred, Oh, my God! Who's... who's Eddie Lawrence?" All Fred kept saying is, "Oh, they don't know "what they're talking about. He's a good guy. They don't know what they're talking about." My dad goes to him, "Fred, wait a minute. "This guy's your business partner. "Why would he be involved in Sara's murder?" And he just walked away and went downstairs, and he wouldn't... He wouldn't answer. - Fred and his sons go back to their hotel for the night. - The next morning, the Ambrusko family picked the boys up to go to Busch Gardens. Fred said, "I don't feel like going." - A few hours later, Dr. Ambrusko calls Fred to check in, but there's no answer. - Dad said he was getting concerned. It was just weird. So my dad went back to the hotel, knocked on the door, and there was no answer, no answer. Knocked on the door, there was no answer. So at this point, my dad was really getting worried. Something was really wrong. So he called the police. And then the police came and broke down the door. And I was just in shock. - Less than a month after Sara Tokars' murder, there's another shocking twist in the case. Her husband, Fred, has been found unconscious in a Florida hotel room. - Fred was lying on the bed. - My dad gave him CPR and tried to save him. Then the ambulance came. - They were able to rush him to the hospital. Dr. Ambrusko saved his life. And there was a suicide note saying he couldn't go on any longer with what was going on in his life. - He was trying to get some sympathy, but it didn't work. It just drew more attention to himself. - Fred's suspicious behavior prompts detectives to question him again. - I mean, again, you'd have to be stupid not to... to see that, hey, this guy's dirty. - A week later, facing intense media scrutiny, Fred holds a dramatic press conference. - After taking some back pain medication, I became very depressed... And started to think of the lifestyle that I was losing. Unfortunately, I did something that put my life in danger. I made a bad mistake. - That was just horrifying to us. Why would he even talk about his lifestyle? Just seems so... callous, and ugh. It's just... it didn't make any sense to any of us. - I... it was just telling. - I emphatically deny any involvement in my wife's murder, and any suggestion that I might have been involved in any way deeply hurts me. - All it did was confirm that, you know, this guy's into this thing up to his neck. He's... he's good for it. - I'm begging you just to leave us alone. - It's really starting to unravel on Tokars. - My dad kept saying, "Who knew that the door wasn't locked? "Who knew that the burglar alarm was turned off? "Who knew what time she'd be getting home so they would be there, waiting for her?" - Tokars knew when Sara was coming home. Tokars knew the alarm would be off. Tokars knew the sliding glass door would be unlocked. - Detectives take a closer look at Tokars' alibi from the night of the murder. - He was in Alabama, talking to a prisoner in federal custody. We interviewed the client. Uh, "did you know he was coming over here?" "No, I didn't know the guy was coming. He just shows up and wants to talk to me." - Fred spent about ten minutes with him, just asking him how he was, and then left. So the alibi started falling apart when this became known to the investigators. - And then, a bombshell motive comes to light. - We became aware that Fred had very substantial life insurance policies on Sara. - This is a homemaker. She didn't have a career. He was fighting to keep her from having necessary things to buy food and toys for the kids, yet he takes out insurance policies just months... weeks... Before her death. - And that's when we came to the realization that it had to be him behind the whole thing. We were just so scared. We thought maybe he wouldn't be arrested. - We're convinced now that Fred's arranged for the murder of Sara Tokars, but the truth of the matter is, all we had was... Curtis Rower. And he didn't know anything about Tokars. Lawrence, he still wouldn't talk. He still wouldn't say anything. - Police hit a standstill in the case, so they call in Fred for more questioning. - On the surface, it certainly looked like that he was trying to be cooperative. - However, the days leading up to the homicide, the days after the homicide, suddenly he couldn't remember things. "I don't remember." "I don't remember." "I don't recall." - And that's kind of the way it went, you know? - We all knew in our gut that he was the one behind it, and even the detectives knew, but they couldn't arrest him. - Without Eddie, we had some problems in the case, there was no question. - Lawrence felt that Tokars was untouchable. Tokars has got all his power and everything, and Tokars is not gonna let Lawrence swing on this thing. - But by July of 1993, eight months after Sara's murder, Eddie starts to sing a different tune. - He had two very excellent defense lawyers who realized that the chances of Eddie going to trial and walking were not that good. And I think Eddie felt that "I could be facing a death penalty case." - So he does what he has to do. - Eight months after Sara Tokars' murder, Eddie Lawrence is ready to break his silence. - He ultimately decided to turn state's evidence, and he did testify. - Eddie tells prosecutors that Fred approached him about killing Sara in the summer of 1992. - She had found out some information about their businesses and that she was gonna destroy both of them. Eddie would even say to him, "Why don't you just pay her off? "Give her some money and divorce her, and move on?" and Fred said, "No. She's gonna ruin me and you. "Eddie, you owe me this. You need to take care of it for me." But Eddie was not gonna soil himself with that. He had to find somebody else. - Eddie asked around for someone who could do the job. His own secretary, Toozdae Rower, connected him to her brother, Curtis. - What Tokars didn't bank on was that Lawrence would sub it out. That... that's really what unraveled this thing. - Cobb County police and the FBI obtain a joint warrant for Fred's arrest. It is now a race to track down Fred and the boys. Given his previous suicide attempt, they know the clock is ticking. On August 25th, 1993, authorities surround Fred's condo. - We were afraid he'd kill the boys and then kill himself. When the detectives called and said that they were gonna arrest Fred, we were so scared. - We know he's nervous, we know he's suspicious, we know that he's probably looking out his windows and things like that. I mean, this guy's going down for murder. He's already tried to kill himself. So the biggest issue was the safety of the kids. - All of a sudden, there was just heaps of FBI, detectives, and police, and I remember just, like, crying. I was like, "Please don't arrest my dad." - When they said that they had arrested Fred, and the boys were safe, Oh, my God. We... we were just so relieved, and we were so grateful. "Thank you, thank you, thank you." 'Cause all she wanted to do was keep them safe, and it took all those months, and now we knew. Thank God. Thank God. - Sara's family takes custody of the boys, while Fred's abuse of power gets him indicted for racketeering, money laundering, and murder. Three years later, he finally goes to trial. But the prosecutor's case is built on circumstantial evidence and the word of an untrustworthy witness. - We knew we had Eddie and had worked out a deal, but, you know, those things can always be backed out of. - He's a con man. He's a criminal. Now, how do you show credibility in the things that he did say? Was it enough to convince a jury that, uh... that Tokars was behind it? - Sara's family is desperate for justice to be served. They're afraid that Fred would use his power and his influence and his knowledge of the judicial system to make sure that he was able to get off. - We, the jury, find the defendant, Fredric William Tokars... Guilty of malice murder. - Curtis Rower and Eddie Lawrence are also convicted of murder. Rower is sentenced to life without parole. Lawrence is still in prison and is eligible for parole. - We did seek the death penalty for Fred, but two jurors held out for life, so he was given a life sentence. - To be honest, I still am a little disappointed that he didn't get the death penalty. - It's been years and years, but I still think about those poor kids. And Sara, she was a good girl, a good person, a good mother. Loved those kids. Sad. - As far as I'm concerned, he's not even man enough to admit what he did, and seek forgiveness. To me, that's a weak person, who preys on weaker people, who abuses their power. I want nothing from them. I want nothing to do with them. And I'm embarrassed that I even have the same genes as him, to be honest. - You never really move on from something like that, but you learn how to live with it, and it just kind of becomes a part of life. - When she found the papers, she did go to these great lengths to make copies of them, and she was trying to reclaim some power in that moment, and trying to save the boys. The most important thing I'd want people to know about Sara is that in the end, all she wanted was her boys to be safe. She was so brave. And it was her bravery that saved the two boys. - Fred Tokars used and abused his connections and command of the law to grow his wealth and expand his power. Unwilling to put up with Fred's dangerous manipulations, Sara fought to bring her husband's indiscretions to light and save her children, even at the cost of her own life. Fred Tokars, a man who once used was finally taken down by the system. A system he thought he was above. For more information... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 