Deadly Power: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadly Power 
 s1e2 - Lackland Military Scandal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadly Power (2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - Lackland Military Scandal - full transcript 
 A young woman enlists in the Air Force to fight for her country, only to find that her biggest threat lurks within the barracks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - A 19-year-old follows - A 19-year-old follows in her father's footsteps to join the military... - I wanted to go to college, and I was the first female to join the military in my family. - And faces the demands of basic training. - A male MTI came in the dorm room. He starts telling us to do sit-ups, push-ups. "Anything that I say goes. Don't question me." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - His job was to take brand-new recruits and turn them into airmen. - But when her superior officer takes advantage of his power... - We're in a small room by ourselves, no cameras. I'm basically gonna have to bend to his will. - She's going to have to go to the person who is assaulting her. - I'm scared. I didn't want to get kicked out of the military. - She must find the strength to fight back. - I'm trying to stand up for myself and the nine other victims that are here. And he maintained his innocence the entire time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - This is a magnitude eight earthquake, and nothing has been same in the air force ever since. - There's no way you can beat us all. - Lackland Air Force Base: a gateway into the American military where women who dream of entering the air force have been launching their careers since 1976. Virginia Messick, following in the military footsteps of her father and grandfather, was overjoyed to be accepted to this elite program. Virginia would be the first woman in her family to join the air force. But this is a story that unfortunately plays out too often. A young woman, determined to build a future for herself, is derailed by a superior whose power was even more dangerous and far-reaching than she had ever imagined. - Can you believe it's snowing in Baker, Florida? - I know. I'm so excited. - No kidding. - I grew up in a very small town called Baker, Florida. Like, it's so small. It was really exciting when we got an actual red light. When she was in high school, she was a varsity cheerleader. Very strong. Loved life. Very social. Social bug. - After graduating high school, Virginia's main goal was supporting herself. - I was working three jobs and completely independent, on my own, by the time I was, like, 18. - She was working as a bartender at two different places. Then she was working with me as a receptionist/cashier. - I was like, "This is gonna take me nowhere." I wanted to go to college. So when you go into the military, after two years, you'll get your G.I. Bill, and essentially they'll pay for most of your college. I enlisted mostly because I want to have that kind of, like, recognition for being the first female to go to college. And then I was the first female to also join the military in my family. My grandfather was in the Army Air Corps. And then my dad was in the air force. And everybody was like, "Yay, go for it!" - Virginia sends in her application and waits. - You have to wait for a slot to open in whichever job you're going for, and actually, the job that I wanted to do was TV and radio. But they didn't have any slots open, so I kind of just waited around. - Weeks later, she gets a call. - And he was like, "Okay, you're leaving for basic training on Monday." And it was Friday. "Oh, my God, it's in, like, three days." - She was shaken. She was excited. And I said, "Well, if you want "to be in the air force now, then go sign your name on the dotted line." - I was like, "Okay, so I have to say my good-byes and prepare for, like, the next stage of my life." - In March 2011, Virginia arrives at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, for basic training. - When I arrived at Lackland, there was a little bit of, like, excitement. I have absolutely no idea what's gonna be coming for me. - Lackland Air Force Base is considered the gateway to the air force. That is where literally every person who enlists in the air force starts their air force career. - And every year, they'll produce something over 35,000 recruits. And your recruits can be as young as 17, and they are in basic training for 8 1/2 weeks. - Ten-hut! - At 4:30 the next morning, basic training kicks off with its standard air of shock and awe. - A male MTI, he came in the dorm room. He was throwing stuff, pulling stuff out of lockers. It is just a storm of screaming and yelling: "I'm not waiting on your asses. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go." So everybody's in a mass confusion, running around, and then he was like, "I'm Staff Sergeant Walker. "I'm gonna be your MTI. "Basically anything that I say goes. Don't question me." He starts telling us to do push-ups, sit-ups, push-ups, run some more. Sit-ups, push-ups, run some more. This guy is really intense. - His job was to take brand-new recruits fresh to the air force and turn them into airmen. - And this officer, a highly respected sergeant, is 25-year-old Luis Walker. - To be a military training instructor, he had to be considered an unusually good airman, because that's a big honor to be an MTI, and it's a big job. - Walker dreamed of being in the air force since he was 14 years old. - He grows up in less than ideal circumstances in Brooklyn. But he graduates from high school, and he does something that he really dreamed of doing, which is to go into the air force. - A few years after joining the air force, Walker marries his high school sweetheart. They have two sons, now four and seven. - On top of that, he's sending money home to a sister and his grandparents. He's a good guy. - Five months after he arrives at Lackland, Walker is tasked with overseeing an all-female group of recruits. Among them, Virginia Messick. - I've never been in that kind of situation where someone was trying to control me that much. You're technically an adult, but now you have people telling you that you're doing everything completely wrong your entire life. And you have to learn how to do it this exact specific way. It's like, "You don't know how to march right. You don't know how to make your bed right." Everything had to be a certain way in our drawers. I mean, people are getting in your face. - Making matters worse, isolation from the outside world is taking its toll. - Early on, I felt very alone because you can't talk to anybody except for who are around you. - All the things that you depended on... Your phone, getting on social media, texting friends... that disappears in basic training. - I thought to myself, like, "Why would you put yourself in this situation?" - During her second week of basic training, Virginia reaches out to her MTI for help. - So I told Walker that I needed to get in contact with my friend who was in Afghanistan, and he was like, "Oh, I'm so glad you came to me. "You know, everybody who's on deployment needs someone to talk to." He was like, "Why don't you just come in the office and you can just email him real quick?" - Sergeant Walker invites Virginia into his office to contact her friend. - The first time Walker called me into the office, he was like, "Here, just sit in my chair, and I'll sit at the chair by the door." I have never seen him so relaxed. He was just very friendly to me. I know it's against the rules, but if he's allowing me to write an email, then that must mean it's okay. - The guy who was molding her into an airman and into a warrior was doing something that was so generous. - After a few visits, Walker begins to open up to Virginia about his life. - I really remember him telling me, like, in detail about his kids and their ages and his wife and how they were high school sweethearts. Just going on and on and on about, like, either work or personal stuff and was very, like, across-the-bar talking to me like I'm his friend, like it was just a normal conversation, like when the door was closed, like, there was no MTI there, essentially. - But once back on the outside, there is no trace of friendliness between them. - Once, you know, we came outside the doors, there was no special treatment. - Sergeant Walker controlled everything, you know, when they're gonna eat, when they go to sleep, when they brush their teeth. - We had to ask to go to the bathroom, like we were in kindergarten, and he'd either say yes or no. I mean, I do remember a specific time that he said, "No, piss yourself." - But in his office, Walker continues his polite demeanor with Virginia, until one day, the conversation changes. - Sometimes he would ask me inappropriate questions. He would be like, "Oh, do you have a boyfriend?" And he would go through, like, pictures on my phone. And he said that he thought that country girls were hot. He would ask me, like, "Oh, you must be, like, "that crazy country girl type, so where's the craziest place you've had sex?" - His authority was almost limitless, especially in the eyes of his trainees. The chain of command that you now have to follow those who are above you. - I don't want to talk about that with him. It made me feel disgusting, but at the same time, like, I felt like I had to answer him. - And by week three of basic training, there's another shift in Walker's behavior. - I mean, it started out like normal. He was sitting in the chair talking. So I'm checking my email, and I hear him stop talking, but I don't think anything about it. He gets up and moves behind me, where there's lockers, and I just start to feel like... Like, the air changed in the room. And I just was just like, "Okay, let me just "get my email done, and I'll get out of here, 'cause I'm starting to feel weird." And then I heard the door, like, slam closed. And I, like, felt him behind me. - Coming up... - He started making us call him Daddy, or he'd walk in the door and he'd be like, "Where are all my bitches at?" - You can't simply run away. That's a crime. It's called going AWOL. - I got a phone call from my best friend, said that "he would have you kicked out of the military and have you killed." - Air Force recruit Virginia Messick is adjusting to the rigors of basic training when her MTI officer begins inviting her to his office to check her email. Then, during one of her visits, everything changes. - He gets up and moves behind me, where there's lockers, and then I heard the door slam closed. And then he, like, grabs the arm of the chair and flips it around really fast. And when he did, he literally lunged at me and stuck his hand down my uniform and stuck his tongue down my mouth. And I push him off, and I'm, like, in shock at first, and I'm like, "What in the world just happened?" And I have my hands up, and I'm like, "Don't... touch me." - People may not understand how amazing that is. He's a complete authority figure, and for her to be able to stand up and defend herself in that situation just speaks volumes about what kind of person she is. - I push him off, and he's like, "Oh, I'm sorry, did I read that wrong?" I said, "What in the hell do you think you're doing? "This is not what we're here for. "At no point had I ever given you any sort of sign "that I liked you in that way. That's disgusting." And I was like, "Why don't you go think about your wife and your kids?" - It's a fairly manipulative thing that he's doing, and he knows what he's doing. He has her in to work on his computer. He's talking about personal stuff with her. He's priming her for where he wants to take that relationship. There was no chance for other instructors to come and look in on that flight. He was on his own, and he knew it. - When he apologized, I was like, "Okay, maybe he's sincere "and he really won't touch me again. "Maybe that was just him thinking there was more there than there was." He told me it was okay, so I took him at his word. I just thought that he was genuinely being a good, nice person, and I thought that, you know, "Maybe it's my fault. "Maybe I said something that... "like, led him on and I didn't mean to. "Did I look at him to make him think that... it was okay to touch me?" I didn't report it because I thought, you know, maybe he just did it out of, like, a heated moment. But I had never given off, like, a sexual sense to him. So I got up and closed my email, and I, like, walked out of the room pissed off. And just him hearing me say, "Don't touch me," I just thought, "Okay, he's not gonna do it again, so I'm just not gonna tell anybody." And once that situation happened, I never went back in his office ever again. - With six weeks left in basic training, Virginia returns to the rigorous training schedule set up with Walker, whose behavior intensifies. - One day, someone kind of messed up, and he was so mad. He was like, "Everybody get in the day room." And we already know that that's not a good thing. He starts telling us to do push-ups, and I mean, we're doing push-ups for, like, ten minutes. And there's girls who are, like, falling out because it's so hot in that room with all 50 of us sweating and, like, trying to breathe. At this point, he's standing on his desk, yelling at us, and all of a sudden, he points at this one girl, and he says, "Start singing me a song." And she starts singing "Amazing Grace." And then about, like, two lines into it, he jumps down, like, right in front of her and scares the living crap out of her. And he says, "Stop singing that stupid effing song." And he, like, looks around, and he goes, "Oh, do you think your God's here with you?" And he jumps back up on the desk, and he's like, "I'm your God, "so if you're gonna look up and sing about anybody, "you're gonna be doing it to me. I'm your God. No one else." That's the same time when he started making us call him Daddy, or he'd walk in the door and he'd be like, "Daddy's home. Where are all my bitches at?" Like he's a pimp and we're his tricks. - It may not be so unusual that an MTI in the air force are going to look at their charges and say, "I'm God for the next nine weeks." But this is a man who would call his recruits "bitches." That was a little bit more than just asserting authority. - Determined to finish basic training, Virginia believes if she avoids one-on-one interactions with Walker, she'll be safe. - So now I'm basically doing my duties, and I was downstairs doing laundry. Walker came into the laundry area and then says, "You need to go upstairs. "We left the whole big duffel bag of rags, "and all of them have to be cleaned before the baby flight gets here." I go all the way back upstairs, and I grab this duffel bag, and I can't lift it up. So I start dragging it to the front door. And I hear, "Country." That was my nickname. Anytime he yelled for me, it was, "Country, get over here." And I was like, "He's not supposed to be up here. Why would he be up here?" And then all of a sudden, I just see him, and he was standing behind the door... and he slammed it shut on me. And then at that point, I, like, froze because... we're in a large dorm, in a small room by ourselves, no cameras. So he can close doors, and it doesn't matter... if I kick or scream... Or try and fight, like... It doesn't matter. I'm basically gonna have to bend to his will. - Air Force recruit has been summoned to the Virginia Messick barrack's sleeping quarters by her commanding officer. They are completely alone. - We're in a large dorm, in a small room by ourselves, no cameras. So he can close doors, and it doesn't matter... if I kick or scream... Or try and fight, like... It doesn't matter. I'm basically gonna have to bend to his will. Then he forced me down... And he pretty much raped me in every way. He did everything to me that he wanted to. And I could do nothing about it. And I just laid there. I could barely breathe. I remember thinking, "This isn't the experience that my dad and my grandfather told me it was gonna be." The air force tells you, like, "This person's "gonna be the person that takes care of you and protects you." And for them to, like, totally betray you... And then he tells me... "Get yourself up, bitch, and put your clothes on." And he throws them at me and then tells me, "Go downstairs and take a... ing shower." - She's going to have to go to the person who's sexually assaulting her, Sergeant Walker, or go to the person above him, and it's gonna be pitting her against the person in her chain of command that's doing the assaulting. - There's nowhere to go. There's nowhere to report it to that brings you outside of the power of that abusive person. - So what was I supposed to do at that point? The man that I'm supposed to report my rape to is my rapist. But it's just... it's sick. It's so sick. Girls who report it get looked down on, and nobody wants to go near them 'cause they're like, "Oh, that's the girl that cried rape." - When victims do step forward and identify someone who's sexually assaulted them, they suffer severe and persistent retaliation that often ends their career. - I didn't want that to happen to me. The only way for me to get to a safe place would be to completely leave San Antonio and get off of Lackland Air Force Base. - But it would be impossible for Virginia to abandon basic training. - You can't simply run away. That's a crime. It's called going AWOL, absent without leave, and you will be thrown in jail for doing that. - Virginia's trapped, and... that's how he gets what he wants. - So I just buried it and let it stay there. I told no one about what happened. - Adding insult to injury, Walker takes any opportunity he can to publicly degrade Virginia. - Walker proceeded to say, "She's been using email this whole time, and none of you bitches get that." And it was, like, a way of chastising me and getting everyone to hate me. Now he's just gonna make me feel as terrible as possible. - When you're in a training environment, to have access to that when the rest of the flight doesn't, that would cause huge problems with her in the flight. - That was hugely manipulative. He could make her weaker so that whatever he had in mind would be easier to have happen. - I wouldn't show the pain on my face, that I was hurting, so it kind of pissed him off, and I think that made him push harder on saying things to me. We were taking everything out of our bags and shaking them out, and I just remember Walker was yelling at us, talking about how dirty our clothes were. And then, like, he walks up behind me and whispers in my ear, and he's like, "Maybe we should do something some other time." That point is when I got, like, sick to my stomach. My coping mechanism that whole time was just focus on the task at hand, don't think about it, and I just carried on like normal. I had two weeks left. It's my only option to leave. I can't break down. - Despite her fear and anger, Virginia persists and makes it to the end of basic training. In April 2011, she's set to graduate. - I was so excited 'cause I knew my family was gonna be there, and, like, the one thing I wanted the most was my mom. - When we first got to graduation, it was kind of chaotic. And I'm trying to search to see her... and I couldn't find her. And then I finally got... a glimpse of her, and I just started crying. I don't normally get emotional like that. She was so beat down, I didn't even recognize her. She was so thin, which I know, going through basic training, you're gonna lose weight, but she was pretty thin when she went in, so she was, like... thinner than I've ever seen her. - I finally got to see my mom, and I hugged her, and I'm trying, like, not to cry the whole time. And my mom just looked at me, and I just knew that she knew something was wrong, 'cause moms can do that. - She was blank-eyed and just emotionally drained. There was no spark in her eyes like there usually always were. - And my mom's just like, "I'm concerned. You can tell me anything." And I'm like, "No, Mom, everything's fine." I didn't tell my parents, 'cause I was just trying to enjoy the time that I had with them, and I honestly didn't want them to know, because I didn't want them to have to go through that heartbreak. - After graduation, Virginia heads to tech school in Gulfport, Mississippi. She may be eight hours away from her attacker, but there is no escaping the nightmare. - Two weeks after I got to tech school, we were running PT one morning, and both of my knees gave out. And I just, like, bam, hit the floor. And they took me to the doctor, and they found out that I have a knee condition and I can't run. That's when they put me on med board and I become the taxi driver. So one day, I was taking a group of airmen to a finance lecture. So I had to sit in the van the whole time. And I got a phone call from Amy, my best friend from basic training. She was like, "Hey, how are you doing? I made rank." So she had went from airman first class to senior airman. Amy was excited that she was getting promoted, but I could still tell that there was something off about her. Like, she went silent for a minute, and then she finally said, "Sergeant Walker has been texting me inappropriate pictures." And I was like... "What?" And she was like, "If I didn't text inappropriate pictures back "that he would have you kicked out of the military and have you killed." - Air Force recruit Virginia Messick she'd put the nightmare of basic training behind her, Sergeant Walker, the man who raped and tormented her, starts harassing Virginia's best friend, Amy. - I was like, "He threatened to kill me so you would send him dirty pictures?" And she said, "Yes." I was angry that he was doing this to her after everything he had done to me. And I felt so much guilt about it happening to her. And I'm glad that it didn't go as far as it did with me. But still, I didn't want to talk about it, but at the same time, I had to let her know something. And so I said, "Listen, Amy, it was just sex. I don't want to talk about it." And she was like, "Well, what do you mean? Like, what does that mean?" And I was like, "I just told you. It was just sex. "I don't want to talk about it. That's all I'm going to tell you." Because I didn't want to tell anybody. And she was like, "Okay, I just... "I won't press about it anymore, but it's just starting to freak me out." And at that point, I was so pissed off, I just couldn't think straight. I told her it was empty threats. I was like, "Tell him to try "and kick me out of the military, "and tell him to try and kill me, 'cause he'll have a damn hard time doing it." - Less than a week later, Virginia gets a visit from OSI, the Office of Special Investigations. - An OSI agent is basically, like, the detectives of the air force. One of the OSI agents looked similar to my attacker, so I automatically did not want to speak to him. And he asked me, "So how was your basic training experience?" And he said it just like that. On the inside, I'm, like, screaming, like, "Oh, my God. They know something, or they wouldn't be here." And they told me they had talked to Amy, so I automatically knew that Amy had said something. The OSI agent, the male, he was quite aggressive, and he basically was telling me, "You don't have to lie to us. We already know everything." OSI made me feel like I was a criminal, not a victim. I'm terrified. I thought if I were to actually tell them that I was raped, I would get in trouble and yet again, that stigma that nobody wants to work with the girl that cries rape. - When a victim comes forward, she is considered to be a troublemaker, and 1/3 of women who report sexual assault in the military are out of the military, on average, within seven months of reporting. - I mean, I'm scared, and I didn't want to get kicked out of the military. I sat there for 2 1/2 hours and didn't say anything. And they got fed up. So they threw a piece of paper and a pen at me and said, "Write your statement so we can get out of here." - Virginia has a choice to make: say nothing or report Walker and risk losing the military career she worked so hard to achieve. - I literally just, like, kind of went into panic mode. So I just basically told them a complete... like, made-up story. So I just... told them what they wanted to hear just to get them out of the room and to leave me alone. I wrote down that Walker and I had had consensual sex and that it was not sexual assault. I felt pretty terrible that I had to write those words down, because it wasn't the truth, but at the same time, I... still don't want anybody to know about it. And I'm hoping that that piece of paper was gonna go in a file somewhere and never show back up. But that is not what happened. Turned into a huge scandal, and I was the front-runner of it. - Air Force recruit Virginia Messick and desperate to move on from her brutal assault, is interrogated by OSI agents, she does what many other victims in her situation have done. She lies to hide the shame and remain in the air force. - I wrote down that Walker and I had had consensual sex and that it was not sexual assault. It wasn't the truth, but at the same time, I... still don't want anybody to know about it. I thought if I were to actually tell them that I was raped, I would get in trouble. - But soon after Virginia's interrogation, other stories of Sergeant Walker's abuse begin to surface. - Walker had discovered an intimate video of one of his trainees and her fiancé. And he said, "If you can do that with him, then you can do that with me." - Two of the victims, fellow recruits, witnessed the abuse and told another female in their flight, a brave third party who stood up and blew the whistle. - The woman became concerned, and she went to a commander and reported what happened, and fortunately that commander did the right thing and started the investigation. - That's how everything just started falling into place. This girl made everything happen. - OSI were very dogged in this case. They tracked down virtually every woman who'd ever been trained by Sergeant Walker, and they were able to uncover ten victims, including Virginia. The senior legal officer at Lackland Air Force Base called me up and told me, "Hey, we got this huge problem breaking, and we're gonna need help." We immediately tasked two of my very best prosecutors to go to Lackland and become part of that legal office. - The air force launches a pretrial investigation, similar to a grand jury in the civilian world, which will determine if charges will be filed against Sergeant Walker. - There's a JAG officer who presides over it, and witnesses are called. They're not the victim's lawyer. Their job is to represent the government and American people. - During the pretrial process, I had to go up and testify. The JAGs asked me if I wanted my first statement that I gave to OSI to be put in as evidence. - She gave a statement to OSI that said that she willingly had sex with Sergeant Walker, but that's not what really happened. - But I did not understand that question, and the JAGs are not my attorneys, so they could not give me legal advice, and I did not understand that I could have thrown out my initial statement. So I said yes 'cause I didn't know what was going on. Essentially, what I had lied about and watered down, that was gonna be my charges and my evidence against him. - But even this diluted account of what happened proves to be valuable in bringing charges against Walker. - An instructor in basic training cannot have a consensual relationship with a student, period. It's an offense for which you can be thrown out of the air force for. - The commander sent it to a general court-martial, the military's equivalent of a felony court. - Seven months later, on July 17, 2012, the court-martial begins. - Sergeant Walker faced a long laundry list of charges, 7 charges and 28 specifications, the most serious being rape. It was very intense, and the intensity was magnified a hundredfold by the people who testified, the victims. During the trial, another victim is in the same situation Virginia was: in a room, alone, trapped, and he wants to have sex. And the airman knows that she's the prey. They were trapped by a cunning, experienced man who had rank and who controlled their lives. - We sat in a separate room downstairs while the other girls were testifying, and it's just sickening, 'cause I keep hearing the same story over and over again, and it's just like mine. - Finally, it's Virginia's turn to take the stand. - A lot of people said that they pointed the chair away from him purposely so nobody had to look straight at him, and the first thing I did when I walked in the room was pick up the chair and move it towards him. Walker had a cold, blank face. I think he honestly thought that nothing was ever going to happen to him. I'm like, "There's no way you can beat us all. If it was just me, maybe, but you can't beat us all." - She wanted to have her day in court and confront him. She was going to make sure she had everyone understand what happened and her anger about it. That was clear. Sergeant Walker took notes, seemed to be in the game. I guess that's training for you. - He maintained his innocence the entire time. But the bad part about going to court is, the defense attorney is always trying to make you seem like you're lying, and I get pissed off because I know what happened. He knows what happened. He wants to deny it. I'm trying to stand up for myself and for, also, the nine other victims that are here, and she's telling me that I'm a liar. When I walked off the stand, I was pissed off. He's sitting right in front of me, and, like, I just wanna choke the life out of him. - Air Force recruit Virginia Messick the prosecution and defense rest, leaving the jury to decide his fate. Even with the evidence stacked against him, a guilty verdict isn't guaranteed. - In the military, the commander hand-selects what we call court members to sit as the jury, and it can actually be unfair. If the commander has a certain desire for conviction or acquittal, he or she can select people that he or she believes will more likely convict or more likely acquit. - More than 70% of the rapes that are reported never go to court-martial. And even of those that go to court-martial, the conviction rate is dismal. It's only 9%. It's a terrible situation. - It was 6 1/2 hours before the jury came back. You could see on their faces that it had been grim work. And you could hear a pin drop in that courtroom when they announced the verdict. They had found him guilty of all 7 charges, 28 specifications. That was a huge victory for the prosecution. - When they did the guilty verdicts, all of us were just crying and hugging each other. And it was a really great moment. - Walker is sentenced to 20 years at Fort Leavenworth, a military prison in Kansas. He's also dishonorably discharged from the United States Air Force. - Two years per girl isn't very much, so... that was a really big letdown for us, but it was also a win because most people don't even get to go to court-martial. - During the course of Walker's investigation, OSI discovers he is not the only MTI who abused his power. - The investigation revealed there were more than 30 military training instructors that were caught up in misconduct: sexual relations with trainees, nonconsensual sex. - It turned out that there were nearly 70 victims and there were something like 30 trials. So it raised a lot of alarms. What in the world was going on at basic training at Lackland? Staff Sergeant Luis Walker, his case literally broke the dam. It started a whole series of investigations going all the way to the top of the air force. And eventually it goes to the White House. This scandal is a magnitude eight earthquake. Turns everything into rubble, and then you have to rebuild it. And nothing has been same in the air force ever since. Basic training doesn't look at all like it did back in 2011 when Walker was running around. - Now there's much more oversight. - I didn't have an attorney. Now they have the Special Victims Unit. So now if anything happens, every person gets assigned an actual attorney. - We have long ways to go to reform the military justice process, but we should not have another Sergeant Walker. - Two years after the trial, with Virginia still struggling to heal from her painful past, she gets a shocking call. - They said, "This is so-and-so from the air force. "We want to inform you that Airman Basic Walker is deceased." - Walker hung himself in his cell. - I had very mixed emotions about it. There's part of me that's like, "I wish he would have rotted for a little bit longer." But if I could have pulled the rope, I would have. - Today, seven years after her ordeal and getting honorably discharged from the air force, Virginia is happily married to James Messick and raising their two-year-old daughter. Being a mom brings tons of joy. I love her to death. She is everything to me, and... I don't think I could go a day without her. But PTSD just, like... It makes everything in your life harder. Like, it's terrible that when my husband wants to touch me, I flinch, even though he's just trying to show me affection. - It's very hard on a marriage. So we work together, and so far, the hard work has been worth it. - Virginia fights through her PTSD for herself, her family, and for other victims of sexual assault. - I have a tattoo, and it says, "Never a victim, always a fighter." And whether you're gonna fight for yourself or if you're gonna help fight for others, keep fighting. - It's a horrific irony when the women who sign on to defend our country's freedom are instead forced to defend themselves before ever leaving the base. In a system built on power, hierarchy, and blind obedience, Sergeant Walker's abuse continued unchecked for far too long. But Virginia Messick found her inner strength, and, with it, she stood together with the other victims of Lackland to face her abuser and fight until she got justice. Virginia's courage made a difference, leaving a once dangerous and corrupt system forever changed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 