Deadly Power: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadly Power 
 s1e1 - Diagnosis and Deception - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadly Power (2018): Season 1, Episode 1 - Diagnosis and Deception - full transcript 
 Hundreds of cancer patients discover that the place they should feel safe, might be the most dangerous after all. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - A doctor at the top - A doctor at the top of his field... - So many physicians seemed to refer to him. He was regarded as godlike. - Patients desperate for help... - He told us my husband had non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. I just thought, "Oh, my God, no." - And they say, "Well... how long you got?" "I don't know." - But when a colleague makes a grim discovery... - I looked up all their lab numbers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and only two of them had ever qualified for the drug. - Authorities uncover a medical malpractice that shakes health care to its core. - The victim does not even know that they're victims. - Being diagnosed with cancer is a frightening experience. - He's gotta get in trouble for this, or something's gotta happen. - And there's potential that he could easily cover his tracks. - You abuse them like that just so you can gain access to money? It's evil. - I lost my best friend, my strength, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 my everything that day. - He was probably treated to death. - In 2003, oncologist Dr. Farid Fata opens a treatment center in Rochester Hills, Michigan and develops a reputation as one of the best cancer specialists in the Detroit area. Patients do anything they can to get an appointment with Dr. Fata. Over the next few years, upwards of 17,000 patients will visit Dr. Fata's clinics, bringing in millions of dollars. But when the need for success and prestige overpowers responsibility, the results can be catastrophic. These are the stories of three brave victims who provide a sobering reminder that no one is immune to the temptations of power, and greed. - Vincent and I met back in his high school days in Rochester, Michigan. I was a college student and he was a high school boy. He went to Rochester Adams High School with my brother Robert, and he kind of had a crush on me. I was four years older than him. And he and I kept in contact while I was away in college in Florida. And basically, after four years of him asking, I finally gave in and went out with him. - In a blossoming romance, Kat and Vincent begin dating in 1991 and become Mr. and Mrs. Pietila six years later. - We were a very happy couple and just enjoyed life, just the two of us. We bought a big home in Macomb County. We had four pugs as our little kids, because unfortunately, I couldn't have children. We were each other's best friends. We did everything together. We had a great life. - But come 2007, that life gets slowly interrupted as Vince experiences unexplained issues with his back. - So we went to see our primary care physician. And she did some blood work. And she was a little concerned with some numbers in the blood work, so she had said that it would be wise for her to send that paperwork to a hematologist-oncologist that would be able to review that. That is how we got into the hands of Dr. Farid Fata. - Dr. Farid Fata is one of Michigan's most successful hematologist-oncologists, whose practice has been growing at a steady clip since its opening in 2005. - There was a kind of sense of wonder and awe about him, because he worked nonstop. He was always available, and he had an insatiable drive. - But the prominence the cancer doctor holds speaks volumes when considering his humble roots across the globe. Farid Fata was born in Lebanon, 1965, into a family of Christian missionaries. He grows up a diligent student, and eventually studies medicine. - So Fata trained at Memorial Sloan Kettering in New York, which is regarded as one of the premiere cancer centers in the United States and probably the world. After that, he moved to Pennsylvania, where he and his wife, Samar, had three children before they moved to Michigan. - With over a decade of experience and a family to provide for, in 2005, Dr. Fata forges his own medical destiny, and opens Michigan Hematology Oncology in Rochester Hills. - Hi, I am Dr. Farid Fata with Michigan Hematology-Oncology. - From humble beginnings, Dr. Fata's practice grew, and so many physicians seemed to refer to him. He was regarded as, you know, godlike. - I did talk to other physicians. I even asked my parents. They called their physicians, and everyone had given the same thing, saying that Dr. Farid Fata was the best doctor. The first time that we met in his office, he was quiet and soft-spoken, but very knowledgeable. And he reassured us that we were in the best of hands. He just kind of talked to us about what he believed to be going on. He wanted to do a biopsy on my husband's lymph node and some CAT scans and a PET scan. - When the tests come back, Dr. Fata gives the couple some troubling news. - He told us that my husband had non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. I just thought, "Oh my God, no." It was heartbreaking. We were, at that point, in turmoil. But Dr. Fata assured me that my husband was gonna be just fine. He was really good at just making you feel like it was gonna be okay. - Dr. Fata's reputation as the top cancer doctor in the region brings 58-year-old Robert Sobieray to the clinic. - When he first sat us down and told me I had multi myeloma, he told me about how it's a blood-borne disease. My wife burst out crying, and I didn't know what to do. He goes, "Hopefully we got it in time. You have to be on these injections every month." And I goes, "Well, how long will I be on injections?" And he goes, "Probably the rest of your life." I said, "Wow, okay. Every 30 days, gonna go get an injection. Wow." He goes, "You'll do that forever." He says, "Keep getting injections, you might be all right." - As his patient load continues to increase, Dr. Fata expands his practice to seven clinics, opening up a multimillion-dollar facility, and hiring additional medical professionals. - I was hired in November of 2010. I always wanted to be a nurse, and I became an oncology nurse because the month that I graduated nursing school, my aunt passed away of pancreatic cancer. And so I decided to go into oncology. Dr. Fata was in the "Hour" magazine as one of the top hematology-oncology doctors in Detroit, and I had worked with some of the top hematology-oncology doctors in Detroit, so I thought, "Well, if he's in there, "then he's gotta be the best doctor and good to his patients." - In 2012, I started working for Dr. Fata. I came from a medical family. My dad's clinic and hospital is where I grew up. My father, he passed away three months after being diagnosed with brain cancer. I had come to the conclusion that being a cancer doctor is what I want to do. If you want to be successful, then Michigan Hematology Oncology is where you should be. You're gonna be busy. There's a referral base. The reputation is very high. Dr. Fata is very up-to-date, very aggressive. - But Dr. Fata's aggressive treatments begin to take a toll on his patients. - Vincent was going to chemotherapy very often. After the second week, my husband could barely get off the couch. He was just throwing up. And I had said to Dr. Fata, "I'm very concerned about the amount of chemotherapy and the type of drugs that my husband's receiving." - Whatever he said we needed, we did. Iron infusions, hydration infusion. I went to radiation every day for three weeks. It was just making me sick. And next time I seen Dr. Fata, I told him about it, and he goes, "Yeah, that's about right. "It'll get to be, after a while, "where you won't even notice it. It's part of European protocol." - He told me that it is a European protocol that he follows, which is highly successful. But my husband was very ill, so I asked Dr. Fata, "Do I need to be concerned?" And then, he said, "You know what? Do you have the Sloan Kettering education?" - Coming up... - He would not let me see any of his patients. There was something going on. She is receiving treatment that is not required. - He kept telling me, "You're gonna need more chemo." - $45 million drug purchases in a quarter, so bells and whistles were going off in our heads. - Air Force recruit Virginia Messick about multiple myeloma or your treatment, it is important for you to get in touch with me, or a member of my staff. - Farid Fata's aggressive methods for treating cancer has earned him a reputation as one of Michigan's top hematologist-oncologists, and his patient load is growing by the day. - When you would go to Dr. Fata's office, there was always a lot of people getting chemotherapy. You had to get there early, or you might not get a seat. - First time I go in there to take chemo, everybody's in here. You know, it was like 20, 30 people in the waiting room. It was like... so I'm like, "Jeez, this guy is... I got a good doctor," you know? - Teddy Howard, a 51-year-old from Clinton Township, Michigan, first visited Dr. Fata's office when abnormalities appeared on a routine blood test. - When I went to see Dr. Farid Fata, he says, "You have a form of blood cancer." Well, when I hear the word "cancer," it's like... an earthquake. I'm thinking about my family, and, "I gotta tell my kids I got cancer." When I said "cancer"... it was like... It's just... everybody just... fell apart. Dr. Fata told me, "I'm gonna maintain "your quality of life. "You're gonna have a long life. "You just have to be treated with chemotherapy, "and I'm the person that can do that. "I know what I'm doing. You're gonna be okay." I mean, this guy talks like he has honey dripping off of his mouth. You know, he's really soft-spoken. He looks right at you. He's very professional. His bedside manner is just impeccable. - When my husband would be in the hospital, it wouldn't be unusual for Dr. Fata to come and visit my husband at, like, 1:00 in the morning and check up on him or read his charts or do some work or order some tests. He was there all the time. - Dr. Fata really never went on vacation. He seemed to work 22 hours a day and sleep two hours a day. But he never wanted any other doctors to lay eyes on any of his patients. - To maintain such intense supervision, Dr. Fata employs administrative methods that seem strange to his employees. - Dr. Fata was scheduled 60 patients to see while I have three patients, because he would not let me see any of his patients. And then I was assigned to a clinic that he never ever goes, which I couldn't understand why. - And to help ensure his medical organization is being run swiftly, Dr. Fata has an electronic security system installed at every clinic. - I had found out there were video cameras in every single corner of the office so that he could monitor everyone from either his monitor on his computer or his phone at all times, even while driving. He just wanted to keep tabs on everyone. He seemed like that kind of person. He wanted to know where everyone was at every minute. Only time I've ever encountered anything like that in my whole history as a nurse. - And soon, Dr. Maunglay finds himself experiencing a similar feeling on the rare occasion Dr. Fata is away on vacation. - There was a patient of Dr. Fata's who had to go to a hospital. She broke her leg. Monica Flagg had just been diagnosed with multiple myeloma. She has just begun treatment. Because Dr. Fata is out of town, she's referred to Dr. Maunglay. - She is a 50-plus-year-old, very healthy-looking lady. She was lying in bed with a cast on. - In the course of examining her, he looks at her chart. - I just was in disbelief. When I was looking at her and her blood work, I found out that her disease was gone. It was just incredible. - Dr. Maunglay notices there isn't a single myeloma cell detected in Monica Flagg's blood. - Some cancers are very sensitive to treatment, and so sometimes, cancer cells go down very rapidly in three, sometimes four months. But she had just started chemotherapy two days before I saw her. So that puzzled me. One treatment does not cure a person in two days. So it was impossible. There was nothing to prove that she had active cancer, so I told her that she doesn't have cancer, and she is receiving treatment that is not required. This was very, very odd to me. - But Dr. Fata's record is not without its share of medical success stories. - In the end of May of 2008, my husband was going to get a follow-up PET scan and some other tests done. We were told, "Great news!" Dr. Fata told us that Vince We were told, "Great news!" no longer had the lymphoma. He was cured. He was in remission. He was considered to be a cancer survivor and cancer-free. We were thrilled. We couldn't believe it. We thought this was it. This is what we expected. This is what Dr. Fata told us was gonna happen. And we were really happy and everything was terrific. - It is true that we are curing more patients with cancer. You have to be proactive in initiating treatment. - Seeking the same miracle outcome the Pietilas experienced, new patients arrive every day at Michigan Hematology Oncology, awaiting treatment by Dr. Fata. But as his exceptional practice expands, so does his need for exceptional staff. Oncology nurse Angela Swantek is invited in to interview and shadow the nurses. - I had been an oncology nurse for 19 years, so I got up in the morning, put my scrubs on, went to the office, and I thought, "Wow, it's 8:30," and there probably was 17 chairs in the infusion room, and every single one was filled already, and I thought, "Wow! This is great. This is a busy place. I'm gonna be busy." But I started to notice a couple things within ten minutes. OSHA guidelines specify how chemotherapy is supposed to be disposed. - OSHA, or the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, dictates disposal buckets be placed next to every infusion chair to minimize toxic drug exposure in the air. - And we weren't disposing of the chemotherapy properly, so that was strike one. - Swantek then notices one of the nurses giving a chemo patient the drug Neulasta. - And I said, "Well, Neulasta's not supposed to be given the same day as chemo." She said, "Well, that's how we do it here." This was strike two. - She then sees a nurse giving the drug Velcade to a patient through an IV instead of through a syringe. - I said, "Why are you infusing it in an hour in an IV bag?" "Well, that's how we do it here. We don't push any medications." Strike number three. And that's when I said, "You know what? I... I need to leave." - Air Force recruit - Dr. Farid Fata is Virginia Messick expanding his clinic and has just brought nurse Angela Swantek in for an interview. After witnessing how drugs are given to patients, however, Swantek is having second thoughts. - I went from, "This is a potential place that I could be working at," to, "There's no way I'm ever gonna work here. I wanted to say to the patients, "You need to come with me." But I can't... I couldn't do that, so I did the next-best thing... Is I wrote up my allegation and reported Dr. Fata to the State of Michigan. - Angela Swantek fills out a form online reporting what she's seen and recommending government agencies thoroughly investigate Fata and his practice. - I thought to myself, "Am I committing career suicide by mailing this in?" And the fear went out the door because I thought about the patients. - After more than a year passes, in May of 2011, Angela Swantek finally gets a response from the State Licensing Department, saying after a thorough investigation, "violations of the Public Health Code could not be established." The file is closed. - I was offended by the fact that they spelled my last name incorrectly. Obviously, nobody took this seriously. I mean, who did the investigation? If they had any questions, why didn't anybody call me? - Without any means of recourse, Angela finds herself helpless on the sidelines as Dr. Fata's Michigan Hematology Oncology continues to expand before her very eyes. - I started working at another clinic. And Fata was building his new practice attached to the same building. And I thought, "Oh my God, he is literally gonna be in this building?" So I had to walk past his waiting room every day to walk into our infusion suite. His waiting room was always packed. I kept thinking about those patients. They have no idea that they're getting horrible care. - I got chemo for 18 straight weeks. - After Teddy Howard is diagnosed with blood cancer, he begins regular infusions with Dr. Fata. - Dr. Fata, he kept telling me, "You're not getting any better. You're gonna need more chemo." Then I develop a complication from the chemotherapy, and I'm scared to death because I got blood coming out of my penis. I don't want to hear anything about any chemo. - I went to radiation every day for three weeks. The radiation treatments would make me sick. Then I tell Dr. Fata, "My teeth start hurting and my jaw," And he goes, "Oh, I don't know." He says, "That's nothing." He wanted me to get more radiation treatment, and I said, "No, I'm not going back to radiation." And he says, "Well, you're alive, aren't you?" - A few months after Dr. Fata told us that he was in remission, we were told that the cancer was back and that the cancer had metastasized, and he had a testicular cancer that was inoperable. I just thought, "Oh my God, no, we're not gonna go through this again." But Dr. Fata assured me, "It's just a bump in the road. "We're gonna get through it. "We're just gonna add 30 days of chemotherapy, "and we're gonna add radiation to the regimen now, and I expect everything should be fine." - Meanwhile, patients at Michigan Hematology Oncology aren't the only ones questioning the doctor's orders. - It was about late July when I was sitting and talking to my colleagues about this IVIG infusion that we gave a ton of... Very expensive, every four to six weeks. We just felt like, "Gosh, we have a lot of that stuff in the office." IVIG is for hypogammaglobulinemia. It's for an immunodeficiency disorder. And if you're getting this kind of medicine, and you don't have a problem with your immune system, you're gonna have one. You're probably gonna be more susceptible to secondary infections, lung infections, heart problems. It's a very serious drug. I looked up my next week's worth of patients. I had 40 patients scheduled for IVIG. I looked up all their lab numbers, and only two of them had ever qualified for the drug. 38 were getting it and they didn't need it. - Misprescribing of such a potentially harmful drug on such a large scale stops Mary dead in her tracks. - It made me feel really angry and disgusted and sick. And I went and talked to Dr. Maunglay, and I shut the door, and I said, "I just found this." Dr. Maunglay and I had always been good friends. Ever since he started working there, I felt like he was somebody I could confide in. That's why I went to him. I said to Dr. Maunglay, "He's gotta get in trouble for this, or something's gotta happen." And Dr. Maunglay, he said, "Go give him the test results." Dr. Fata was at his desk. I just went to him, and I just threw the paper down on the table. And I said, "None of these people have ever qualified for IVIG." And I said, "I'm cancelling 38 people for next week." And he just looked at me like, "How dare you?" - Air Force recruit - In 2013, Dr. Farid Fata Virginia Messick has seven clinics and treats over 1,000 patients. But when a nurse discovers that 38 of them may not need this potentially harmful medication, she confronts her boss. - He just looked at me like, "How dare you?" And I left, and about a half hour later, the nurse manager came out and she said, "Fine, cancel all 38 people." - Mary, she came to me and said, "Dr. Maunglay, please stop the unnecessary IVIGs." And I asked, "What do you mean 'stop'?" She says that Dr. Fata agreed to stop it. - He didn't fight back whatsoever. - If you're a doctor, and if you believe in your protocol, you just don't stop it one day. This is a lifesaving drug if it is needed. You can't just stop it. And then, with all these things that were happening around it, like Monica Flagg, that just gave me such an... uncomfortable feeling that there's something going on. - And slowly, Dr. Fata's true motives come into focus. - He was giving this $4,000 to $7,000 drug once a month for the rest of the patient's life just to profit. I calculated it as $200,000 a year. Think about it. Monica Flagg is healthy, right? She's 50 years old, and the chemotherapy drug she got a shot of will harm her, but very slowly. She may be given this drug for 15 years until either the drug... Or, the side effect of the drugs... Or infections kills her. - After 30 more days of radiation, my husband was super sick. And the chemo just kept going on and on. - I couldn't stand up or walk straight for very long. You know, it was like I was getting sicker and sicker and sicker, not better. - My kids had to start taking care of me. They said, "Dad... how long you got?" And I say... "I don't know." - The victim does not even know that they're victims. - Being diagnosed with cancer is a frightening experience, and there's a lot of information for you to digest. - This is too big of information that I can't share it with just anybody. It could go back to Dr. Fata, and there's potential that he could easily cover his tracks. - Dr. Maunglay approaches General Manager George Karadsheh, a trusted colleague in the clinic, and tells him about Dr. Fata's malpractice. - And he was in a daze. He was speechless. He looked like he was really devastated. - Karadsheh copies the clinic's financial records and alerts the US Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan. - On August 2, 2013, we interviewed George Karadsheh. He provided information that people were being treated with serious medications that were not necessary. We worked as fast as humanly possible to either corroborate the allegations or to disprove them. We'd researched Medicare billings and patient records and employed every resource that we had at our disposal. - And what the Department of Justice would learn in just four days of investigation is truly astonishing. - We looked at other hematology-oncology practices in the state of Michigan and looked at their billing and their purchases versus Dr. Fata's billing and purchases. And we could not see anybody who was even in the same realm as him. $45 million drug purchases in a quarter, versus the normal single oncologist would be somewhere in the neighborhood $1.9, $2 million on the high side. So bells and whistles were going off in our heads. - Dr. Fata's office was processing an extremely high volume of patients. Our review of his records established that he had over 16,000 historical patients, and he had over 1,500 patients in August of 2013. - Dr. Fata has put Vince Pietila back on chemo after diagnosing him with cancer for a second time. - In May, right after his 39th birthday, my husband, Vincent, wound up going into chemotherapy, but he passed out at Fata's clinic. And they had to take him by ambulance to Crittenton. After a couple of days, they realized that my husband was bleeding out... That his organs were shutting down. There was nothing that they could do. So I laid down next to my husband, and... They injected him with his final dose of morphine, and that was it. - Authorities raced to stop Dr. Fata from harming anybody else. - Many of his patients and all of the patients' loved ones are extremely vulnerable. They believed they were suffering from something that they weren't really suffering from. When really, these physical and emotional side effects were actually caused by Dr. Fata. - We had to move fast. We wanted to get this solved as fast as possible and stop the perpetrator from hurting any more people. - Air Force recruit Virginia Messick has been racing to confirm allegations of medical malpractice by employing every resource at their disposal, including interviewing Dr. Fata's key employees. - When the results of those interviews came in, we absolutely knew 100% that we had probable cause to arrest Dr. Fata. - Dr. Fata was committing health care fraud with patient harm. Regular health care fraud is a 10-year sentence. When you have patient harm, it's an enhancement to where they can get extra time in prison. And in this case, we had overwhelming evidence of patient harm. - That was enough for our assistant United States attorneys and the DOJ to come up with a complaint that we could get sworn out by a judge. - On August 6, 2013, at 7:00 a.m., federal agents simultaneously arrest Dr. Farid Fata and raid all seven of his cancer treatment clinics across Michigan. His home in Oakland Township is also raided. - I drove past the office, and there were helicopters and SUVs everywhere, and it was just, like, straight out of a movie. - We executed six search warrants. The patient files and the financial records for all of the businesses were the most important evidence. - They were taking the computers away and taking all of the files. They said, "Dr. Maunglay, Give us until 11:00, we're gonna wrap this up." And of course, there are a bunch of patients waiting to get treatment and a bunch of nurses all in shock. I saw some of them in tears, and I decided I'd everything down. I cancel the infusions because I don't know who's what at this point. - Our priority was Dr. Fata's patients. We absolutely had to have a system in place. We couldn't let these people just show up at the door for their treatment and have nowhere to turn, not knowing whether their diagnosis was accurate or not. - My wife called me. She says, "You need to turn the television on. "That doctor you've been seeing is getting arrested, and they're raiding his office." I turn the TV on... - Horrifying allegations against a cancer doctor in Michigan. - There he is. He's getting arrested. They're raiding his office. So I gotta have chemo the next day, and because he's getting arrested, where am I gonna go? I'm panicking, because I don't have a doctor. The FBI contacts us and says, "We have your records." So we find another hematologist-oncologist. And I get tested. The results come in. She says, "Mr. Howard, do you have a lawyer?" "Why do I need a lawyer?" She said, "Well, Mr. Howard, I got some good news for you, and I got some bad news for you." She says... "You don't have cancer. "You never had cancer, and you never needed drug infusions at all." So I want to know what the bad news is. She says, "All of that unnecessary drugs "that you'd been taking... has damaged you." So I got anger and happiness at the same time. - So we found another doctor right away. That doctor had got the records back from the FBI and ran all these tests again. And he says, "You have nothing wrong with you. You haven't got no cancer whatsoever in your body." Your mouth drops, like, "What the heck's going on here?" 'cause... you just... You realize what you've been through. I go, "So why do I feel so sick?" He goes, "'Cause all of the crap you got in you." I was on 32 different medications. Here I am, cancer-free, but my body's in poor shape. I'm... I'm... I'm not a human being anymore. I didn't feel like a human being. - As hundreds of tragic tales like Teddy's and Robert's come to light, the Department of Justice faces its most important task. - In order to establish the mistreatment of individual patients beyond a reasonable doubt, it was necessary for us to consult with experts in the field to review Dr. Fata's treatment. - Two Harvard Medical School professors, practicing hematologist-oncologists, review around 100 cases, and recognize that only one has been appropriately treated. - I was shocked by the cold-bloodedness of his approach. He overprescribed medication, and it was the expert's opinion that he had done that so that he would always use the full vial. And he was getting dollars for every drop of drug that he ordered. - But while the DOJ continues putting together a strong case against Dr. Fata, the once mighty cancer doctor and his legal team don't appear to be concerned. - His attorney was on the news saying, "There's no evidence to support these allegations against Fata." - They're allegations only, and they're unsupported, factually and legally, at this particular point. - There's nobody credible who can come forward. And it set a hate fire inside of me, and I got in my car and I drove down to the federal courthouse. And all the news stations were standing there. I got out of the car, and I said, "I have a story about Farid Fata that you have not heard." Once the story came out, my phone was ringing quite a bit. Patients and families wanted to ask me questions, "Could you help me?" So I would meet one-on-one with the individual patients once they got their records back from the FBI. And I would look at their information, and I cried every single time, especially when I would find out that they didn't have cancer. - Somebody from the FBI notified me that Fata was arrested and that they had found my husband's medical records. Stating that my husband had passed away from a metastasizing testicular cancer. Angela Swantek reviewed all of his test results, and she was very confused as to why there was no pathology report that actually could show that my husband had this cancer. - He was probably treated to death. - Michigan's most highly sought after hematologist-oncologist, Farid Fata, is now under arrest, and charged with health care fraud, conspiracy, and money laundering. Armed with her husband's newfound medical records and knowledge of the accusations being hurled at Dr. Fata, Kat seeks justice. - In all of my scans that I got from Crittenten and the paperwork that I have... All of his medical charts... There is no pathology report in there. Angela Swantek reviewed all of his testicular readings, which she said were normal throughout his treatment... I do feel that Dr. Farid Fata which raised a red flag. overmedicated, and potentially caused my husband's death... and that he knew what he was doing all along. - Yet, for the Department of Justice, prosecuting Dr. Fata for murder is one charge that eludes them. - The victims often asked us why he wasn't charged with murder. It is crucial for a prosecution to be able to achieve justice swiftly. In this case, there was no question that we could establish health care fraud beyond a reasonable doubt very swiftly. - There was just so many things that he did that were so egregious and so heinous. 553 individual patients that we could say were definitely victimized by Dr. Fata. - On September 16, 2014, Farid Fata pleads guilty to 13 counts of health care fraud, two counts of money laundering, and one count of conspiracy involving kickbacks. During sentencing, honorable Judge Paul Borman sets aside nearly four hours for the victims of Fata to deliver impact statements face-to-face with Farid himself. - I told him, "I lost thousands and thousands of dollars because of you. "I've been in pain constantly because of you. I lost my teeth!" And he wouldn't even look at me... Wouldn't even acknowledge I was there. - After the unnecessary chemo, I was diagnosed with late-stage chronic cirrhosis of the liver, and I needed a liver transplant to live. I have to be on anti-rejection medication for the rest of my life. - I really wanted Dr. Fata to look me in the eye and acknowledge who I was and what he did, but he just kept his head down. I expressed my anger that Dr. Fata not only took the dignity of my husband away, but his ability to say good-bye to anybody. My husband believed, until the very last breath that he took, that Fata was saving him. My husband didn't just die. He was taken. He was stolen from me. I lost my best friend, my strength, my lover, my everything that day. - Before the gavel comes down, Farid Fata addresses the court through tears, saying, "My quest for power is senseless and destructive. "I abused the trust my patients placed in me. "They came to me seeking compassion and care. I failed them." On July 10, 2015, Farid Fata is sentenced to 45 years in prison. It is the longest sentence for health care fraud in American legal history. - Our goal was to ensure that Dr. Fata never walked out of prison, ever. - These people look to their doctors... Especially an oncology doctor... And you're putting your life in their hands. And they look at him like, "Here's my body," you know, "mend it and make me better so I can go back to my family." And then you turn around and you abuse them like that just so you can gain access to money? It's just... it's evil. - Investigators recover $13 million in assets of the $17 million in fraudulent profit. A restitution fund is established to help the doctor's victims recover medical costs and other expenses. - The victims and former patients of Dr. Farid Fata, we are a very close network through social media. There's over 1,500 of us in the group, and we do, yearly, have light-illuminating balloon sendoffs for our loved ones. It's just to be there for each other, 'cause we've all shared a very similar situation with the same doctor. - In good times and in crisis, we rely on experts to help us. And when we're sick, we turn to our most trusted experts, our doctors, to heal, not harm. Dr. Farid Fata used his position to build the trust of a community. Instead of honoring that trust, he took advantage of it to amass a fortune, while draining the life out of the most valuable: his patients. But through the bravery and determination of a few people bound by a true responsibility to their patients, Dr. Fata's sham was revealed and his destructive abuse of power halted. Dr. Fata is now serving a 45-year sentence in federal prison. He will never practice medicine again. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 