Deadly Power: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Deadly Power 
 s1e5 - Evil Rising in Utah - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Deadly Power (2018): Season 1, Episode 5 - Evil Rising in Utah - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Whatever he said, was law. Whatever he said was my reality. - Trapped in the only life she knew by a religious dictator. - He had total control over everything that took place. - It's a religious mob on steroids. - They cut off their communication with the outside world. - I was a young 14-year-old innocent child. I didn't want to be married. I had talked to every person that had power 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to change my reality, and he crushed all of it. - With nowhere to turn for help... - He had unlimited resources. He had people that would stand in front of a gun. - She must find her voice and fight back. - If this is heaven, I want nothing to do with it. I'll take hell. - In July of 1986, Elissa Wall was born to a large, loving family in Salt Lake City. As a child, she was joyful, had a natural love of learning, and above all, she cared deeply for her family and God. But when the one person Elissa had revered and always obeyed used their authority to overpower her in the name of God, she would be faced 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with an unthinkable choice. The story you're about to hear may seem familiar, but you have never heard it more directly or from such an intimate perspective. - I was born in Salt Lake City, Utah to a polygamist family. My mother was my father's second wife and I was her 11th child. We had about 24 siblings. So we had quite a large family. We'd wake up and we would have lots of children running around the house. Much of my childhood, I remember good memories. Working with my older sisters. Cooking, cleaning. Sewing our own clothes. And then we would do our hair, looking at them through the mirror as they did these beautiful braids that I only aspired to learn. The FLDS were really good about creating a community environment. We were God's chosen people. I believed growing up that God knew everything about my life. If I took something without asking, he would know. He was right there watching every move I made, including my thoughts. - Elissa is a member of the FLDS, or Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, a sect that broke off from the Mormon church when polygamy was outlawed. Elissa believes that the only way for her to communicate with God is through her prophet. - Within the FLDS, there is this untangible, undescribable thing that we call "Priesthood" Which was this power that was gifted to man by God. And the holder of this priesthood was the prophet. As a child, looking at the prophet, we believed that he was in a constant state of revelation. Meaning at any time, any words that came out of his mouth were directly from God. The prophet was so revered and loved by all of us. He was our best friend. He was everything. - The importance of the prophet has increased over the decades. - The prophet decides everything. Who you marry, your job, your home. In fact, the prophet is your life. - In my childhood, that prophet was Rulon Jeffs, father of Warren Jeffs. Some of my first memories of Warren Jeffs started at school. We went to a religious school called Alta Academy. - Alta Academy is a private K-12 school educating FLDS children in the Salt Lake City area. At just 17 years old, Warren is appointed Principal. - The Alta Academy, like all the FLDS homeschooling, was primarily religious schooling with a little bit of reading, writing, and arithmetic thrown in there. - Our day would begin with a religious class, morning class, where Warren would spend lots of hours giving his perspective on the different religious texts. - This is Warren's first taste of power, and he tests the waters with the most vulnerable FLDS members... the children. - Warren's control and power over the kids in the school was the max. He had total control over everything that took place in that school. - The motto of Alta Academy was, "Perfect obedience produces perfect faith." That is a consistent reminder to us that we followed the rules. And Warren was incredibly strict about following the rules. I often look back at that young girl that was in Warren's school. I really did want to believe that Warren knew everything. I really did want to feel that warm, fuzzy feeling that everybody said they felt when they were in his presence. But I didn't feel it. - Perhaps emboldened by his authority at the school, Warren takes the next step, and soon Elissa and the other students find his teachings invading their home lives as well. - I remember they would even record those classes, and we were expected to listen to them at home. So much of my childhood, Warren was in the background. - We would listen over and over and over. His voice held power. - He was able to capitalize on that. And so it went from students to parents of students and then eventually on the public stage of, like, the whole church. - Throughout Elissa's childhood, Warren's influence within the FLDS continues to grow. - Sundays was an all day church experience. Being able to go to church functions where I was around lots of other children, I fit in. I was a part of my society because I was there with everybody else. On Sundays after church, many of us would have the opportunity to stand in a long line, and we would go up and we would just get the opportunity to shake his hand. - Sunday meetings is when everybody showed up at the church to get their instructions and told what they're expected to do and how they're expected to do it. - Those church members who were perceived to be stepping out of line were severely punished, something Warren uses his growing clout to strongly encourage. Even at ten years old, Elissa feels just how much is at stake. - I had an older brother, my mom's oldest son who... he was very smart. And he also deeply believed in the religion. And throughout his school experience he had often been reprimanded for questioning. In his mind, he wasn't questioning. He wanted deeper understanding into some of these blanket belief systems that we were given. But Warren did not like him in any way, shape, or form because he felt like that he was a questioner. And that was the worst thing to be. We were just expected to obey. My father couldn't control my older brother. He couldn't force him to be in compliance. And these things led him to a point where he just couldn't do it anymore. And my father ultimately told my brother to leave. My mother had to load us all in the car, my brother with a backpack, and drop him off on the side of a highway. Because she knew that she had to do what she was told. I remember getting to hug him good-bye. I just remember watching my mother and watching the life just drain out of her. It really affected my sense of security. More than anything, watching my mother tear out a piece of her heart and have to just leave it there, was... just overwhelming, even as a child... That my mother had to do such a terrible thing as leave her child on a highway. - Coming up. - I was a young 14-year-old, innocent child. Warren said, "Your heart is in the wrong place, and you will be married." Elissa Wall is reeling after her older brother is abruptly exiled for questioning the faith. Elissa's mother has abandoned her son on a highway outside of Salt Lake City, never to see or talk to him again. - The experience of watching him be dropped off was often repeated in my life. I watched as the next brother in line and the next brother in line and the next brother in line, they were told they were no longer welcome. - When you're kicked out, you're ostracized. You're not allowed to have any contact with family or friends. - There's a teaching in the FLDS that in order to get to heaven, a man has to have three wives. And that is something that mathematically poses a problem. You have to start kicking out the boys 'cause you gotta get rid of the surplus male population. - By 1998, Warren's own family is changing too. His father, the prophet, has suffered a major stroke. - Once Rulon had a stroke, he became very feeble and he wasn't able to speak well, nor was he able to get around. - Warren used that as an opportunity to really take power. I believe it was a very strategic and thought-out plan by Warren to become what he was. - Within the FLDS there's no kind of real right of succession. And when his father started having strokes, Warren began taking control. - Warren would say often, "I speak for my father." And it started to get us to be accustomed to the fact that he was an extension of his father. The biggest change that happened in that era of the FLDS is that it went from community to being about Warren. - Three years after Elissa's brother was kicked out of the family, her father, Douglas, finds himself under increasing scrutiny. - He had to have a perfect family or he was not going to be given a kingdom in heaven. The pressure to have submissive, pure wives, the pressure to have completely obedient children... It was all a tally as to see how good he was. There came a point where the unrest at home was too much, and that was when I really saw the power that Warren had in my life. When I was 13 years old, my father and one of my brothers got into a physical altercation. This experience was used as an opportunity for the church to deem my father unworthy. It was just what Warren needed to step in and take everything from my father. - Elissa's father was kicked out because he was perceived by Warren Jeffs to be a threat. - Elissa, along with her mother and siblings, must quickly pack up their belongings from their Salt Lake City home. - We were removed in the middle of the night. They didn't tell us where we were going. I remember crying and asking question after question and constantly being told, "Put it on the shelf." Put it on the shelf meant, "I don't have the answers, "but we are going to do it anyway, because we believe in God." I remember driving for hours and hours and starting to pass some landmarks and knowing that we were being brought to southern Utah. We landed on the doorstep of Short Creek's bishop, Fred Jessop. And we were herded into his home where we were told to live. - Warren Jeffs, once he would kick a man out and take his wives away, he'd reassign them to another man. Under Warren, fear was the main feeling in the community because he kept them off balance by moving them around. - And imagine the fear that ten-year-old Elissa felt in that moment... a fear and uncertainty that would start defining her life. - Because I had been born and raised in Salt Lake, moving into Short Creek, it was a cultural shock. They were a little more secluded from the outside world. Everything happened within their own little town. Every store, everything, was run and operated by people of the FLDS. - Remote Short Creek, comprised of two towns that straddle the border of Utah and Arizona is the largest FLDS community and center of religious life. - It was a perfect place for a group of people that are afraid of the law catching up with them. - Polygamy is illegal. So, in order for them to live this tenet, they have to live it quietly. They have to live it secretly. - When Elissa's mother is married to Fred Jessop, he officially becomes her father. - And that was very hard for me. I couldn't give up that I would never see my biological father again. They told me that my very DNA, my blood would change to match that of Fred Jessop. Warren began to change the structure of family, began to change very core beliefs that the FLDS had had. And people were responding purely out of fear. - Elissa barely has time to adjust to her drastically new life in Short Creek when she is again blindsided. - There was one night that we were having family prayer. As soon as prayer was over, it was a custom for all of the young girls to come and give Fred a hug. It was our way of showing that we loved this man who was our father. He put his arm around me and he said, "The lord has a place for you." This is where he told me that I was to be married. I remember being really shocked and being confused. I was a 14-year-old girl. There was several girls that were much older than I was, and it's pretty normal for the girls to be married in age sequence. And there was a significant jump from the oldest girl to me. - But that's the way the prophet wants it. So claims Warren. - Warren started to arrange the marriages. Warren started to perform the marriages. Warren started to deliver any message that Warren said came from Rulon. - The longer Warren Jeffs was in power, the younger the brides became. Even his father noticed the girls were getting younger and younger. - A week later, the identity of Elissa's future husband is finally revealed. - We're at this family gathering and there was a seat that was empty next to me. And because of our belief system that girls and boys do not intermingle, we don't sit next to one another. And, all a sudden, Allen, my cousin, he came over and he sat right next to me. Because he sat next to me, I knew that was my message. I was to marry my adult first cousin Allen. And everything in me just recoiled. And her life has been turned upside down. She's just been ordered to marry her first cousin, Allen. - Growing up, Allen was not kind. Every time I was around him, it was like my skin would crawl. I just couldn't even comprehend having children with him or living for eternity with him. And the fact that I had to learn that way, instead of being respected enough to be told that I was going to be given to Allen was very frustrating. It made me very angry. I wanted two years. That's all I was begging for. Is I wanted to be 16 years old before I was married. And if they couldn't give me that, to please find anyone else for me to marry but Allen. So, I was willing to do the unthinkable and resist. Ultimately, I found myself at the feet of Rulon Jeffs. And It was really like a subject going in to see their king. It was more than that. I was going to plead with God. And I knelt down and I just poured my heart out. Rulon looked really confused. He looked up at his son, Warren, and then he looked down at me and he patted my hand and he said, "Just follow your heart." And it was like the weight of the world just lifted off me. I get up and I'm walking down the hallway with Warren and he turns to me and he said, "What will you do?" And I was elated at this point and I said, "I'm going to follow my heart, and my heart is telling me that I shouldn't be married." Warren stops and he said, "Your heart is in the wrong place... and you will be married." I knew that I had done everything that I could to change my reality, and Warren had crushed all of it. I was numb. I was just a shell of this young teenage girl. I walked home to my mother and just sobbed, and cried, and wanted her to hold me. And I don't remember... being an active part of the events as they unfolded. - The wedding is set for just two days later, April 23, 2001. - We drove up to this little, dingy hotel. Then we were ushered into this hotel room and standing in front of me was Rulon, Warren, and Fred. Warren had me stand up with Allen, and I knew that my time was up. He put our hands in this special hold that they have for wedding ceremonies. The whole world stopped. I couldn't hear. I was watching Warren as these words were coming out of his mouth. And I knew that I was supposed to be listening to these words, because these were sacred words. And he came to a point and he asked me if I do. And I just stood there, tears streaming down my face, for I have no idea how many minutes. I could see the fury in Warren's eyes just grow and grow. And I said, "Okay." And, magically, I'm the property of Allen, my cousin. - Elissa attempts to navigate life as Allen's wife, but nothing about it is easy. - All the young girls, I wasn't a part of their group anymore. But I was so young, that I didn't fit in the married women group. And I didn't really know where I fit. And I just could not stand my husband. - Once his father passes away, Warren's grip on the FLDS grows even stronger. - September 8, 2002, is when my grandpa died. - When the prophet finally died, presto. Warren is on the scene and ready to go. - And he constantly illustrated this bond that he still had with Rulon in the afterlife. He would often say, "My father is here with us. I can feel him." And so it became this idea that, "Oh, Warren is just a reincarnation of Rulon." And that's really how he made that transition. - To solidify his new position, Warren also steps into Rulon's place as husband. - Warren began to marry Rulon's wives. Quickly, he started to scoop up all of these beautiful young women that, prior to Rulon's death, had been his mothers. - That's when things started getting weird. He started marrying them in like, sets of seven. Like, every weekend, all a sudden there's like seven, seven more, seven more. And before we knew it, we had about... 60-something mothers. - Now, with the absolute power of God on Earth, the juggernaut that is Warren Jeffs shows no sign of slowing. - In a big meeting, he had 21 men, pillars of the community, stand up and denounce them as master deceivers who had lost their priesthood and had to be sent away and leave their families behind. - And by publicly doing that, Warren officially made it that anyone that privately or publicly denounced him or resisted his power, he would remove. Never, ever in our history had someone had that much power to strip a man, that many men, of everything. I can't question anything because I was married. And I really, at this point, thought the end of the world is gonna happen tomorrow. - When Warren Jeffs did take power, it got to the point where they were told to give all their money to the church. - He really began to instill important changes within the community. He completely took away any sort of celebration. - He did start to outlaw different things such as the color red. - My dad had us get rid of toys. Throw all the bikes away. Throw all the rollerblades away. He outlawed swimming altogether. I can remember my dad getting up in general meeting and saying, "No internet. Internet's bad." Um, and I had no idea why it was bad. - I was so completely lost. And I thought it couldn't possibly be worse. And I was wrong. I was a 14-year-old girl, and I was told that I would have to have children. Of the FLDS community, and his abuse of power ever increasing, 14-year-old Elissa Wall is told she must start having children. - I truly had no idea what was expected of me as a wife. - I didn't know where children came from. I had zero sexual education. Nobody took me aside and prepared me for what I was going to have to do. The first night that I ever was forced to have sexual intercourse with Allen... was a brutal entrance into adulthood. He stood me up and he said, "It's time for you to be a wife." And I was frozen. He took my dress off. And he just stands back. And just looked at me. I felt so exposed. I remember wanting so desperately bad to run away and knowing that I couldn't. He lays me on the bed and proceeds to have sex with me. And it was so foreign. I just looked at the ceiling and counted as far as I could count. The bedroom became its own personal hell. And every night that I had to lay in bed with him, I knew what was coming. - As the days pass, Elissa finds Allen's frequent assaults intolerable. She decides to fight back. - I collided with Allen a lot. I had a very hard time being submissive to him. And we would often get into some heated arguments because he wanted me to do something and I resisted. And specifically when it came to the bedroom. - Elissa's insubordination is swiftly reported to the church elders. - Because of my disobedience to Allen and ultimately to the prophet, I found myself sitting in front of Warren. And Allen begins to tell him how I'm not submissive or obedient. And Warren turns to me, and I gave him extreme detail of what was happening behind those closed doors. And he looked at me and very coldly told me I needed to submit mind, body, and soul to my husband because he was my pathway to heaven. - With no options, Elissa does her best to face the increasing brutality of her marriage. - Allen and I were not getting any better. Things started to become very physical and incredibly emotionally abusive. I had experienced multiple miscarriages. There was one particular night where Allen and I had gotten into a very vicious fight. Lamps had been thrown. Words, back and forth. And I began to be very afraid of what was going to happen. I ran out of the house with no shoes on and jumped in my truck and just started to drive. I'm driving along and I'm just in tears. And I'm upset and I'm frustrated. I'm desperate to get out of this situation. I'm driving up this road, and all a sudden I feel my tire and something is desperately wrong with my car. I get out of the truck and there, sure enough, is a completely shredded tire. And I see lights come up over the hill. Instantaneous panic. I'm like, "Oh my goodness. I am going to get in trouble." Because if we're outside of town without our husband... that's not good. My eyes are as big a saucers as this truck just drives closer and closer. Out hops this gentleman and comes up to help me with the tire. It's Lamont Barlow. He was ex-FLDS. - After leaving the FLDS, Lamont had remained in one of the neighboring towns. Well aware of the dangers FLDS members face, he gives Elissa his phone number that night. Afraid of the world outside the FLDS compound, and frightened that she could face brutal consequences, Elissa goes back. Still, she does not forget about the helpful stranger. - That meeting led to a friendship and over the months, that friendship led to a romantic relationship where I really began to love this boy. And the fact that he gave me respect and that he was concerned was groundbreaking. No male in my life had ever really done that. I had that conflicting thought of leaving the FLDS, but I was scared. I was very concerned for my mother and my two sisters. If I leave them behind, I'll never see them again. - As Elissa continues to push the boundaries of acceptable FLDS behavior, Allen grows suspicious and begins trailing Elissa. - Allen had found out that I was in a relationship with Lamont because one day he followed me from work, and I had gone to meet Lamont. - Allen again drags Elissa in to answer to Warren. - Allen and I were put into this room. The acting bishop at the time was there and he hit the speaker phone... And Warren's voice popped up over it. At this point, just hearing Warren's voice held power because I had been brainwashed for so many years of my life. Whatever he said, was law. Whatever he said was my reality. And Warren shreds me. That I had done an abominable sin and I had no opportunity for salvation. And the only chance that I had to repent was blood atonement. It's this belief that for sins that are unrepentable, if you go into a private ceremony, someone can slit your throat and take your life that you atone for your sin. After FLDS prophet, Warren Jeffs, has sentenced her to blood atonement, a private ceremony where her throat could be slit. - And I thought, "If this is heaven, I want nothing to do with it. I'll take hell." I wanted freedom. And I was willing to do whatever was necessary to get it. So, I packed up my few things, gave Lamont a call, and ran away. - Elissa is not the only one feeling the confines of the cult. Others who have left are feeling stronger and are beginning to speak out. - When I got involved, there were actually two cases that had just been filed. One was on behalf of a number of young men who had been kicked out of their homes, basically because they were men. They were called "the lost boys." And there was also a case that had just been filed on behalf of one of Warren Jeffs' nephews, Brent Jeffs, who alleged that he had been sexually abused by Warren Jeffs. - These civil cases move forward. But there's not enough evidence to criminally charge Warren Jeffs. Meanwhile, a local private investigator has taken an interest in the community. - When I started investigating the FLDS, Law enforcement wasn't getting involved. - Two months later, that is no longer the case when the Mohave County Attorney's Office sends over investigator, Gary Engels. - We suspected that there probably was a lot of child abuse going on here. The underage marriages. That was our main interest. Sam and I, we eventually kind of teamed up and rode around a lot together. - It is immediately obvious they won't get any help from the town marshals of the twin cities that comprise Short Creek. - There was no separation of church and state in Colorado City or Hildale. Everybody that worked for the city had to have the church's approval. - The town marshals of the two towns were just bullies and thugs for Warren Jeffs. They were his own legal security. - The ever-increasing attention has made Warren paranoid, sending him out on the run and away from his people. - Beginning in 2002, he established houses of hiding all over the country and lands of refuge where he would build temples or large compounds for his most elect people. So, he has unlimited resources, unlimited people to hide him. - While Warren was on the run, it didn't change his power one single bit. He still had complete control over everybody. - As Warren continues to evade authorities, Elissa tries to move forward, rebuilding her life, with Lamont. - After I left, there just became this gnawing sensation in my gut that wouldn't go away. I just knew that when I looked at this picture of my two little sisters that I kept on my nightstand, that I loved them. With that love came this fire that just ignited in me. What had happened to me was not going to be the reality of my younger sisters. The problem was Warren, and something had to be done. Someone had given me Roger Hoole's phone number And I called up Roger and I said, "I'm Elissa Wall." And that phone call led to meeting with Washington County prosecutors. And I just wanted to stop it from happening to somebody else. - With Elissa's story of systemic, repeated, and violent molestation at the behest of Warren Jeffs, authorities are able to file criminal charges of rape as an accomplice against Jeffs on April 5, 2006. - When charges were finally filed against Warren, there were some really good FBI agents that became involved. - With a range of allegations Unlawful flight to avoid prosecution and conspiracy to commit sexual conduct with a minor, Warren Jeffs garners a lot of attention from the Feds. - A spot opened up on the FBI's ten most wanted list and these agents lobbied hard to get Warren in that spot. And he ended up between Whitey Bulger and Osama Bin Laden. - I really didn't know if Warren would get caught. He had unlimited resources. He had people that would stand in front of a gun if that's what it took. - Authorities spend months trying to locate Warren Jeffs, but he is nowhere to be found. Then, in August 2006, a Nevada State Trooper makes a seemingly routine traffic stop. - The officer pulled the car over 'cause there was some question regarding the tag on the car. - He asked for everybody's IDs, and the guy in the backseat didn't have an ID on him. But the driver did. He had his driver's license. That was Isaac Jeffs. The trooper recognized the name Jeffs from the wanted poster. And when he looked at the guy in the backseat he said he could see the vein in his neck throbbing. - Law enforcement let the driver go. But Warren was arrested. - He was in a red Cadillac Escalade, which was a forbidden color. He had 50,000 in cash with him. Wigs. All kinds of disguises. Credit cards. A dozen or more cell phones. And he was extradited back to Utah to Washington County Purgatory Correctional Facility. So, I mean, it was very apropos. - Even with Warren behind bars, the fight is far from over. The criminal case against Warren Jeffs will rely heavily on Elissa Wall's testimony. - I was scared. I didn't know if I was... strong enough to confront him. Forced Elissa Wall into a brutal underage marriage, she must face the FLDS prophet in court, as his trial begins. - On the day of Warren's preliminary trial, I walked onto that stand and I looked Warren in the eye and he looked me dead in the eye. And it was like everything disappeared. For the first time in my life, I held his gaze, and I refused to look away. I don't know how long we sat there and stared at one another, but ultimately, he shook his head and looked down. I had claimed my freedom. It was like throwing the shackles off and ripping out any power he had over me. I was very solid in what I was doing. I was doing this for my sisters. - For a fleeting moment, Warren seems ready to admit defeat. - At one point, Warren Jeffs stood up with a legal pad in his hand and tried to talk to the judge. And he was gonna confess that he was not the prophet and was a fraud. But his lawyers swarmed him and shut him down. Wouldn't let him talk. - Almost immediately, he takes it all back. - His excuse was that Satan appeared to him as a pillar of light in his cell and deceived him and that's why he was saying those things. - After closing arguments, the jury begins deliberations. - It was not gonna be an easy case because Warren Jeffs was not being tried for raping Elissa Wall. He was being tried for having somebody else do it. - When the jury deliberated, it was anguish. It was hours of not knowing if it was worth it. - After two days of deliberation, the jury returns with a verdict. - I was worried that Warren wouldn't be convicted. And I was worried what would happen to my mother. What would happen to my sisters. - Never before had I allowed myself to believe that I was worth something, that I was not someone else's property. That I deserved to be protected. Warren's trial was me finding my voice and consciously owning my voice and my story. Being able to speak my truth and own my power changed me forever. - Elissa Wall was brave enough and strong enough to testify against Warren Jeffs and put him in prison, and he's never left a jail cell since. Elissa Wall is more powerful than Warren Jeffs ever was. - Allen Steed later plead guilty to illegally marrying Elissa. He was sentenced to a month in prison and three years probation. Defectors now appear in record numbers, inspired by those who have come before them. - More and more people are waking up and getting out. Elissa Wall broke the dam. - I received a phone call one day from my youngest sister. And ultimately she made her way out. And, just recently, my other sister made her way out. It's been incredible to reconnect and to kind of patch that part of my heart. - Warren Jeffs used his family's high standing in his faof his flock, us order controlling everything they did in the name of God. Jeffs destroyed countless lives, manipulating thousands to be complicit in the process. But ultimately, he was brought down by the strength of the very voices he tried to suppress. Now, Elissa Wall continues the fight for those who remain under the power of Warren Jeffs, still trapped in the FLDS. - We all have our own journey. We all have our own story. But we're all connected. By leaving, whether we knew it or not, not only were we choosing us, but we were also helping other people realize they, too, can do that. It is not about Warren. We are bigger than Warren. We no longer are small. For more information 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 